oh good that's pretty good huh whoever
you are that way ever wanna be that big
just one around
 your dog coming on to you
good morning guys what are we doing
today Olli I rode in here to do 10
mumbling but he says that boys a doctor
but he doesn't want to go to doctor lied
we're going to go right brain slamming
say yes we are leaving very early this
morning to get out San Diego we will
completely and I had toys made you my
makeup her eat breakfast I chose eat
breakfast because I hate anything you
don't starting and then sitting in a
hospital starting and then driving all
the way home starving I was like it's my
mom telling the team if you going to
time and I get my makeup and luckily a
great she did her makeup and she this
morning probably right dad of a tennis
now because Nana Jane like Susan oh now
I mean she had it so the subpoena was
radio would ever come
oh yeah the Children's Hospital does
kind of McDonald in the hospital and I
were headed
the children top goes to check Ali's
heart now this is something I've been
talking about for a while so I always
but I always feel like I have to kind of
go over it
Hollywood's diagnosing his enemies and
with me with the aortic valve that was a
little bit larger than it should be
doesn't cause event at this point
whatsoever like date day actually born
that was fine that there was no issue
with it but then when Susannah again
without the exact same date stays
actually continued to take a look at it
saying that it really doesn't look like
it's getting bigger but we want to
continue to take a look at it so now
they not so they want to recheck all
evening they want attended qantas use
for horns they want to see and maybe use
it as perfect as they had first
diagnosed when you as report so we're to
take it was definitely hoping that it's
either back to normal or it's just
I guess the same but not getting bigger
I don't really notice all this hysteria
to the heart and here to me right have
an instant results wealth because both
the voice habit one of us has gotta have
it you guys we have been stuck in this
traffic for like ever
dislike and they finally opened up this
place
yeah only might actually make the
appointment yeah face isn't so common on
hard lastly our is not going to be done
behind of this doesn't like you guys
know yeah very like is always afraid of
us guys no matter what it is it isn't no
it's about to happen he's not happy and
the truth is is that and you can ask
doctors in caring for him because he
hasn't had to get shot things like that
but are scary Deakin Anatomy makes me do
so even on Italian like the time happens
to be really painless scary okay we were
in so much traffic we were we were
literally sitting and that getting
really bored and tired but now we're
moving we're booking it now peace out
guys sorry
hey fix making money buddy hahaha he's
Maginot some frozen mini pancakes you
love these things and sooner or later
you guys he is going to be able to say
good morning just like all I remember I
feel like when we had all like say good
morning and eventually he started saying
good morning Finn and I are hanging out
this morning Missy is off with ollie for
his heart appointment and I hope that it
goes well I just really hope that it
goes well they ran into a bit of traffic
so I guess they were going to be late
even though they left like two hours
before the appointment so that's kind of
a bummer
um the Yacktman and I get to hang out
all day and I love Jesus little girl oh
oh you see mommy's Legos check this out
you guys I don't know she ever showed
you but she finished the Palace Theater
and then she just finished the town
square or I think it thinks they have
roofs that she has to finish so she's
basically done she's got like a bakery
and a flower shop and a pretzel shop I
was like even a little dentist office
how cool is that you guys
husband said then I see you get out of
our messy closet all right I'm gonna
lock you up like you we do are you ready
to be extra great for your queen it
yeah but your plans making me a fool yes
we made it
we're someone happy he goes didn't know
I was on this there's a lot of anxiety
and I feel bad like you don't go she's
excited about the ball four and they're
starting to go up at the top good that's
pretty good huh
alright Olli we just got done and how
did you do okay he did pretty good I
guess it didn't hurt at all
on what and he actually did really good
he probably went is a three sided
ultrasound which I'm sighs that is a
long time to just there was someone
messing with you but he sat there for
probably thirty minutes he was a totally
flying hawk totally happy watching his
show and just being good I told her he
was really brave then we could go pick
out a toy and you did so good he started
getting a little panicked towards the
end because they started moving it like
more to his belly and more like other
areas he was like what is he doing what
are they doing but he got through it you
finished even a little early I think so
you did really good I'm so proud of you
alright I told me you were Toys R Us but
he said he just wants this car yeah and
what about this one this is like a
bigger version yeah which one do you
want that one and that one
specialist you really just want this one
that's all you want show them what you
picked out here what's this you can show
your own clothes full model and why do I
get one okay
because you know it means good that was
really good you take this out for me are
you are you sitting with
what this big dollar a forget a
difference is do I look at his face he
looks like a clown your chicken nugget
okay you're making me nervous
look at his face was he look like I'm a
clown yeah how silly harming his feet
her get the clown feet - whoa whoa all
right
look worried good job dude favored by
Ronald my god so I was able to put Finn
down for a nap which was great because I
actually had a very important phone call
with YouTube actually working on some
cool stuff that's coming up but thin
napped the entire time so I was able to
get to work done yeah and now he's eaten
lunch we've got peanut butter and jelly
carrot and apples that's pretty good huh
yeah I ordered sandwiches from
which-which and they have these awesome
little kids boxes so that came in handy
what yes you can have more but you need
to finish that first okay he just wants
to take everything out and put it in
front of them first one I know it'll
just go everywhere so we were pacing
yourself I put him in a really cute
outfit but of course it was a white
shirt and he's eating peanut butter
jelly and I was like that's gonna be a
disaster so I took it off because I'm
thinking ahead dad lives but I just
heard from Missy that Oliver did very
well at his heart scan echocardiogram is
what it's called
very relieved to hear that we obviously
don't have any results back and we won't
probably for a couple days but I'm glad
that he wasn't scared the whole time
look at how stinking cute this is no big
comeback
haha and we should have logged them
doing Q things I always miss it okay
here sit right there okay look at my
boys are back together drinking
chocolate milk
watching scooby-doo hey Olli what did
you get a doctor
whoa tank yeah yeah how did your visit
go army man tank and how'd your
appointment go okay good
it didn't hurt did it no it did not hurt
he did so good and I am so really
tentacley they are just the cutest kids
ever I love you guys hey baby unicorn a
mommy's home
mommy's home and you bought a unicorn
I got this trippin really good always
agreement thank you yeah really
MoMA did so good she got a unicorn and
it makes noises Oh magical that is
magical I said that you pick it out
because I didn't even cry ha ha ha ha ha
I cried a little bit but he did so good
honestly I do feel like this practice
that we did yesterday Felson so you
could understand what was going to
happen today I just I know how this kids
will brain works and I'm just so glad
that we were able to cut we've done it a
couple times actually done practicing we
practice with like pretend like little
things yeah I know he's the real thing
last night and then it really helps us I
we went it was time yeah he was scared
but then he understood ok this is the
same thing that we did last night
it really isn't that scary yeah really
good I'm some fun ollie I want you to
tell mama what you just did okay go tell
mama what you just did
that you put Tata tech time with cuckoo
TP absolutely need a little deeper what
did you like your own bottom are you
sure you got no gang but oh
he whipped Popo MVP and wiped his bottom
and he did it himself
well I don't know jellybean
he went poopoo on his own Mizzy you want
jellybeans yeah he spent 30 seconds
doing his business and then 15 minutes
pulling up his underwear and pants
the struggle is real Ollie can you stop
can you stop growing up can you just
stop but can you just can you are you
going to be our baby forever are you
here big boy all right
yes yeah one height hold it in don't
like woman make you own hand mother's
bed he want to hold your pants you're
living is big yeah you don't like it
when I hold your hand like it
thank you
you
all right we're at dinner a PF Changs
and Olli you are getting dangerously
close to that candle over there Wow look
at it I dare you to blow it out always
pretending to your birthday blow it out
make a wish and blow it out now we eat
cake
sorry Olli that's no cake but there's
lots more candles if you want to make
lots more wishes they just went around
and let all the candles but miss stars
okay guys the kids are in bed and I am
snuggled in my blankie and I've got pie
doesn't look like pie but it's pie a pie
of us because I warm it up every I know
it's so good though oh I love my little
snacks it was milk but anyways today was
such a good day I am so proud of Oliver
he did so good I felt so bad friend was
the entire drive to San Diego which
ended up being a really long drive he
was so stressed like I just kept looking
back at him and I can just see it all
over his face he was just like having so
much anxiety about this appointment and
he actually did so good so I'm so proud
of him he's just growing up so fast
getting so big
starting to really understand my things
and it's just been really cool to watch
but anyways I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video make sure you give it a
thumbs up if you did and go see a smile
buy me toys your honor I'm buying
Oh
