looks like Emily sauce sink gonna sleep
a little toddler right there oh he's so
powerful you know why I should have been
really going to take this booger in his
nose oh yeah he's got a big booger toes
though because I could get it really
good oh whoa wait whatever you wanna be
just funnin I never sell
coming all trucks again
I am Wow
congratu
good morning guys it is actually pretty
late in the day at the spine actually my
gosh I'm so tired you guys I'm so tired
I don't know why I'm so tired I know me
and Brian stayed up pretty late is
because we're kind of having a lot of
fun with the Legos and sometimes we
realize all the 7:20 a.m. but anyways
yeah we stayed up kind of late and then
I had to run out of house take the kids
to swim and then Brian end up picking
them up and taking them to the mall to
go do some fun stuff like pick out a
birthday present and stuff like that but
we totally forgot a camera and so I just
got back and I just tried like laying
down for a little bit I'm so tired I
think the boys are gonna be home any
minute and it is so hard to lay down in
my house right now because it is so
noisy outside they are actually taking
the pedal koster out of the pool because
there have to like replaster basically
and it's so so loud like I could even
sit in my living room because I'm like
ah so I'm kind of trying to send my bed
but I'll show you how loud it is
this has been all morning since 8 a.m.
oh my poor cool look at that
they are just go into town it is very
hard to like sit in my living room so
I've been trying to kind of sit in other
areas of the house right now I'm so
tired I'm going to try and get a little
bit of rest before they catch me out
you hear that crazy I don't know how but
everyone is napping right now Buddhist
noise I can't believe that oh my gosh
they okay I got the entire inside of the
pool today
Oh nuts oh you guys so loud Missy
actually let me sleep in this morning
and I barely should sleep into that it
was like course but one day to sleep in
that's what I happily but that just goes
with the territory of remodeling yeah
everyone has taken in that all a spin
and I just went to the mall and grabbed
a present for caffeine's birthday
because he's having a birthday party
tonight he's five crazy and I got it all
wrapped and ready to go all they would
not let me leave the store without
buying this as well he thinks Council
you don't really want to marry Huck and
then that's kind of a clue to what's
actually in here check out this card
icon to the little fox said when it
comes to being awesome you've got some
pretty amazing skills happy birthday
dude you know because voice box pretty
cool just glasses are all shimmery - hey
since you're all cuddled up I have a
present for you first look at the toe is
make you know and it's like Valentine
screen yeah you up good it's like really
heavy - so I'll keep you nice and warm
yeah how are you laughing right now has
all this going on
I know it's I don't want to be on The
Talisman oh it's really loud am I so
been sleeping at all he's sleeping
all right I had taken a nice little nap
the pounding has stopped which is really
nice and we are actually running a
little bit late right now for Caspian
his birthday party if yours no no Cassie
and he's from the Sly Fox family and the
boys went out and got them a little gift
today this is so cute like wrapped so
well I guess I got it wrapped it like a
hallmark type of source so looks really
cute but anyways the boys are both still
sleeping which is crazy because usually
when days are like my worst day to get
the nap it is usually Finn falls asleep
in the car and then he doesn't like to
nap book him he is completely out and
oli what you usually sleep for like
maybe 30 minutes after swims but then
he's like awake and running out here and
it's crazy
sniffles passed out and the party starts
like right now what do i do do I wake
them up or do I just some sleep and then
I'm gonna wake them up so I think that
honestly it is getting too late for them
to basically be anyways another night of
sleep tonight and that's not fun I think
that's right
hee hee
hey honey
you want to look at seems pretty pretty
yeah how fun
boom you've been napping so good oh
you're kind of warm
hey were you sleeping
yeah and you're so excited for caspian
party I'm ready at night I'm slicing huh
I don't know that it's so vague sicp
traffic oh I see okay but my bagging
yeah up your pictures right of it Sony
huh oh you're so cute oh you got to do
oh you're gonna help me with your
brother up yeah you gotta be extra nice
okay black dragon
oh are you a dragon all I think is a
baby dragon yeah
the baby dragon 92 juggins oh those
stretches dude I own my last one oh no
that's not good I'll have to put you in
jail
hey Sydney did you see good you both
look so good huh yep that's how I
watched you boys hon keep an eye on me
like keeping an eye on you huh okay all
right we are heading into the party he's
so excited you gotta jump yeah all right
open the door thanks dude Holly look at
your shoes are glowing cool bro hey
happy birthday Caspian Holly get my hug
say happy birthday hahahaha
this is so cool they've got all the
lasers and the flashlights on right now
amazing hi lab Iban what do you think of
this then like you're in the club this
is suicide
oh you know what this looks like looks
like we're not true from mallanna hi
yeah remember I'm sighing what Olli that
guy watches my videos he says all
excited at the point where he's
understanding that people marvel he is
he knows that they watch this video so
so funny think and react to stuff like
that
Holly's going down the giant slide whoa
it was scary
hahaha do you like it
yes this Roxy actually is allowed to
climb and he wants to try and there's a
big dinosaur way at columns I can show
you yeah this dinosaur bone all the way
at the top and he wants to get it right
think you can get up there all the way
up there all right I believe you all
that you're officially a big boy huh you
gotta climb this rock
Desai buddy good try so so to you
fallacy can't redeem for that part of
thought that's amazing right we just got
home from the birthday party and it
looks like Emily fell asleep oh we're
gonna sleep a little toddler right out -
he's so pass out I had so much fun he's
so cute asleep
he's sleeping you know I said I'm really
going to take this booger in his nose
oh yeah he's got a big booger as though
this is inspected something soothing
because I could get it really good all
right
leaving in such a good little actor bro
all right hold it up 26 tonight came hey
all right guys my white guy I ain't
wanted to a Jackie my ex rocky disco
I am watching individual always watching
a little show but it's almost time for
bed huh we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog my I think oh you need a candy yeah
hey bud it's time for bed one Kang this
is just one candy mom we had such a
Sunday I catch his party huh so cool cam
is so fun she gave Caspian his present
you know the Maui thing or whatever and
Cassie said thank you and Holly said
last guy you said the cat's you know
that anyways we are all cleaned up we
showered fit is off the bed and always
getting regular beds doing it
I am tired I'm so tired I'm gonna NSLog
make sure you give today's video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it
you guys tomorrow oh hey did you want to
say bye like I'm outta here I gotta
watch my dragon show okay bye
you
