I knew mr. brand
somebody yeah it's not the song I like
you
you do like you like me remind him he
does like util you doing all the fun of
topic on things like yeah my amigo
whoever you are that lever wanna be
inside
Oh
never sold yeah nigga coming all
right
just again
good morning who's here this morning
ollie mama go talk our mama look here
did you saw me last night remember for
me you climbed in my bed it is so happy
- okay he he will gather them all night
since I died I was going to and I
thought you can go in there and see some
Smith :
life is pitch but I pick him up and just
grazing on a polygon and he likes a man
that I know some like this yeah Holly
Mama's all giver hug and kisses she had
a rough day yesterday and update Oh some
good news but frustrating this okay yeah
my wallet was exactly where I told them
it was they didn't even look
United didn't even look for her wallet
yeah I just mean with no oh I am so
lucky I'm so lucky that I happened to
buy a cord before I left Boise yeah how
would you have gotten home because I
wouldn't have been able I'm sure people
I mean even you people I have to
literally ask someone's back like let me
call my husband and tell him what fly
I'm gonna end up being on yeah he says
no one would have known where to pick me
up because my flights were going from
San Diego to LA I like they were no
women no I cannot believe I just
happened to pick up that very expensive
cord at boys yeah that's great because
please everybody for me to Georgia I
thought I like really plug it in in the
in the ya know just old place how to
define a fence that had a USB for like
Oh
that yesterday was a rough day for Missy
but we're putting it behind us right and
home never leaving again my wallet and
sounds will come to me in a little songs
good Arizona some western area is it
literally I watched the 20 take off of
my wallet I was like you're on there
you're not yeah yeah you know what I did
after you told me if you thought because
I bought a bunch of tile Bluetooth
trackers we can see the location because
I mean maybe we showed them like it's on
the plane I can see its location might
get it you know I mean okay I don't know
we're very happy that moment gay you got
mother's necklace gonna be a jewel thief
I flipped it right off your neck without
you knowing he hasn't turned me cuz we
got your necklace hrs yeah what is it
the baby oh hey guys I have attempted to
not do anything today I put on a shirt
but I'm still in my pajamas having some
hair or makeup we're staying with Makos
so I actually got all their little
airplane at the airport and Legos one
because he loves to do Legos just like
mommy right now and daddy we're like
super obsessed with Legos right now
so me and hammer actually building it
together what did you build new cookies
so those are probably like the engine
yeah or like the little I don't even
know what those things are called but
well no they're like guns home yeah yeah
we are in the process of building this
and we got to follow the instructions
and the next part says we need these
pieces I'm excited oh I think that's
where it goes it goes the other way
though right here I'll help you put it
on and then you can push it down there
you go good there it's hard huh
actually isn't a Lego brand and I found
that it is
harder to put them on totally the brand
might be a little bit better there we go
are you going to put in a real box but
you can go ahead and do it with this one
to put the gray things on each side oh
oh
there you go now do on the other side
good job and now you got put the tires
on each side oh she's so good huh you
put the wheels on another wheels move
yeah and right cool to animate those
alright you just put the wheels on it
and let me see it with local oh wow you
put the guy on there he felt that bang I
use for the stickers oh yeah yeah not
really
oh he can sit too good huh he built it
and he put the tires on you did it so
good huh you guys I've missed my chicken
so much hi Dickens look at them they
love me then I can't mama hey mama
oh you just look here I love how much
you guys love me oh my goodness little
sewer the most kids because I haven't
had them since first but this one's
super nice and that one is she is super
nice because I think she was around a
lot of people and maybe these two
weren't as socialized but they also do
love me like looking and they're all
running to me Kelly's over there like oh
my dad did he put these really cool step
stones in and actually from our pool so
they're just like broken pieces over
there and he put them in the dirt so in
the mornings when I come out here I
don't have to get my feet too dirty just
hop over I actually already came out
here and I got four eggs granted I'm
pretty sure Brendon did it actually
collect any eggs while I was done but
for a thank you I love my age literally
addicted age now I have to have like two
eggs every single morning and is like my
favorite thing ever but I let them out
and they've been running around hi hi
I'm not you guys you're so cute
I heard Corbin took care of you guys a
little bit checked on you I thought I'm
out here on the vlog just checking on
the chickens and stuff they're pretty
cool I don't love that they're like so
friendly and just like to see us like
when we come out they all come running
to us maybe to Ollie and he like pets
and it's just so cute oh and this is
Santa mesto hopefully it will start
looking better soon but the range
definitely does stop the process so
that's kind of a bummer and karma
chameleon I miss you so much
I always miss you huh okay drop it he
was so excited when you saw me last
night he was actually sleeping on the
bed with Bryan and when I came in he was
so excited I laid down in the bed and he
ran right up to me and just like
snuggles me all night like just curled
up to me I swear he was like he wanted
me to like spooning basically funny he
did a good papa I talked about you the
whole time I was in Idaho because where
we were at were the places that me and
karma used to look like hiked around we
used to live in an apartment in Boise
but it was really close to just like a
big hill and me and karma used to hike
up that hill all the time we'd hike back
in the woods and opening and I'm getting
a call so today we had a fight for
seller property not fun not fun at all
so after we had it repaired a lot of mud
line and it was actually kind of sexy
I'm kind of bummed that it film it but
you can see a little bit that's left
over all that dirt and stuff that's on
the stub right now coming out of spots
it was literally just like brown mud
coming out of LA
it's disgusting but we finally got a fix
it's just interesting because it's
probably like the third verse pike we've
dealt with since we moved I feel like
whoever was doing stuff like on our
property just didn't get things done
the right way so we're paying for it
literally so that was kind of a headache
but I thought we dealt with today just
telling you that what's on pizzas okay
saw possible friends somebody you do
like me remind Hyundai he does like it
oh thank you do you remember I mean
anytime he said all right so you're so
singing no you can't just change your
mind
for the fun of toddlers home okay
seems like yeah okay you got an amazing
looking video you know that you've got
garlic bread spaghetti and strawberries
that yummy thin dinnertime
miss you made dinner she makes forget it
we got spaghetti don't we we love our
spaghetti what you got there bro you
don't like spaghetti if you do all right
what are you eating
okay we are doing over this you don't
want to try the sauce all right we are
cleaning it up then pack it up from
another amazing dinner
uh-oh what's wrong what's wrong oh no
how'd you get stuck in that red
why does this always happen to you you
can't get out to your foot stuck oh let
me help you alright
oh my god how do you go here okay it's
okay Olli are you better now let me see
your foot oh it's a little red I think
you'll be okay don't make it all better
so here you kiss it kiss your fun I'll
make you feel better just give it a
little kick
alright kiss your foot feel better see I
told you alright kids are in bed haha so
nice to put them to bed and me and
Brian's favorite thing is these days to
do is build Legos and look how far we
are on the Disney Castle it is looking
so good and looking look at the inside
of this thing I know I think anybody
showed it to you guys like a few days
ago but I've not been able to stop
thinking about it
so I'm so excited we are getting ready
to start bags 6 so I've got them all
here we've got our show on we've got
karma he's our helper I think Brian's
getting us a little snack and we're just
going to sit and hang out watch some TV
and do Legos so excited to show you guys
how far we get tonight because I imagine
we'll probably go way way past bag
sticks we actually go through them
really fast like I feel like if we were
timing it we could we would get this
done really really fast
all right crime you ready to start the
next bag you're gonna help me yeah
