we're watching toy stirring with my
little buzz here what is birthday Andy
uh let me see fly whoa you just a good
flyer dude whoever you are
that's whatever wanna be inside
never soldier
come on all right once again
Brava Yahweh
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
here in Boise is a nice cool crisp
morning and we are actually headed to a
spa day we're gonna go get massages and
for me so nice especially as we've had a
really fun but kind of a crazy me kids
were really excited for a nice fun spa
day and a girls day before we head off
back home to our boys good morning guys
we are up this morning and getting ready
today's a very exciting day because mama
comes home and I told ollie to go pick
out an outfit and this is what he chose
all right ollie walk us through your
outfit here what you wearing yeah you
wearing these pants okay and your shirt
it's kind of cool and you're wearing
Buzz Light your underwear yeah we don't
need to show Matt so your outfits a
little silly because it's not night time
those are nighttime pants do you want to
still wear these pants even other
nighttime words you want to choose
different ones
oh all right let's go do some new pants
so yeah I told ollie to pick out an
outfit today and I got to say he did
very very well he picked out underwear
pants and a shirt albeit they were all
kind of weird but he still did it like
that's amazing you want to wear these
these are shorts and it's actually cold
outside so maybe we should wear pants
yeah let's find some pants
Jenna no nnnn nnnn nnnn up instead
what's up spin again
I like your Batman onesie pretty cool I
don't know why I've been dressing fitted
a bunch of Batman theme stuff I didn't
know he had that much Batman themed
stuff so I guess he does so today he's
going to be Batman you got cookie yes
you do
well I thought we were done with all
this wet gray skies and it has come back
when the full force it's been raining
all morning and I just I hate when it
rains because hard to let the dog out
because I think it's all muddy kids
can't go out there and play I want to
like go out and do things but can't
really do that so waiting for it's clear
up and then maybe we can go out and do
something before Missy comes home which
I'm so excited to see here a mystery so
much I love her so much remembers what a
husband kisser okay
Corbin's headed back to Portland yeah no
Holly the next time we see Corbin he's
going to have a little girl a little
juniper you owe me a juniper you guys
could be best friends and you can give
her her first kiss thank you for coming
for fun erm uh uh good luck with the
whole baby thing what Ali thank you for
bringing to this we just had an amazing
not only massage and pedicure but we
just had lunch here this is so yummy and
classified little time it's like so cold
but the fact that you just get to see
all this pretty snow in the the ponds
are frozen over is so cool
so this happened we were just chilling
on the couch watching Balto then he fell
asleep mostly needed a nap sin is also
napping but kind of just been chill
Tuesday the Monday Tuesday I don't know
I'm so turned around I think what
missing being God I just learned she's
not even going to be here until like
probably 1 a.m. so I'm not going to see
her I'm probably sleeping when she gets
here know why I thought she was coming
back earlier he was probably just
wishful thinking because I really miss
her
ok so we have been hanging out at
Kelsey's College actually been watching
a show just kind of trying before our
flight and get this I just got a text
message that said February 6 from Boise
is canceled my flight to home is
canceled
I don't know why it's canceled they just
like rebooked it for tomorrow and I was
like super planning to go home today and
we're like getting ready to leave - and
Kelsey has a flight shadowplay at the
exact same time as me at 6:20 now it's
just like cancelled hers is good and
Corben's like super delayed in LA so
much two hours two suns I'm thinking
it's got to do with Elliot like I don't
know what's going on but we got to
figure it out now I ended up being able
to cook a new play on a different
airline it actually worked out because
now I'm going to be flying into San
Diego which is a lot easier of an
airport than LAX and I land like two
hours earlier and then I was going to
like now I have just like a super short
layover in San Francisco and then I'll
be landing two hours earlier than I
planned in San Diego so it worked out
really well although my flight does
leave like 20 minutes earlier so now
we're rushing today
Airport right now that I were off we're
off to home to our boys this is like
what makes it I know you suck in LA
still got a pretty pretty long layover
so hopefully he actually does make it oh
that would be so bad alright I made it
to my gauge and all the flights are just
so late it can be everything
it's crazy you can see all the red
that's all like delayed it cancels life
so just animated although they do say I
might not make my Sampras's go light
they said I could get stuck there for
colors but I'm going to say goodbye to
Co seems like we good no thank you so
much for everything you were letting me
so it's someone's funny joke you headed
back to Portland to have a baby you have
to go in there to have a baby soon so I
am going to probably see you're pretty
soon so that's really exciting it can we
see you she's gonna elevate oh my god be
here be really fun so make sure again
you had to subscribe you can watch all
their journey is going to be so one time
so crazy
so then it's a little sad sin why you so
sad thing is because we just found out
that Momo's left me home for quite a
while she found another flight on a
different airline was able to take that
but it was delayed quite a bit so it's
looking like she's gonna miss her
layover in San Francisco really hoping
that she gets home tonight because I'm
not sure I know this kid does - hey
nothing happy we're watching toy
stirring with my little buzz here
what is birthday MV yeah let me see you
play whoa you're such a good flier dude
well guys my flight landed at 7:35 in my
next flight at 7:45
I feel pretty certain that I'm not going
to make my next flight I'm still going
to try I'm running hoping then maybe
they had a little bit of a delay just
like all the other sites space
I see my gate looks pretty empty at the
eMeter stop running
sad day is gone oh they're off to San
Diego and I'm in San Francisco I kind of
knew this is probably going to happen at
this point I've kind of thought of a
couple other backup plans so I'm going
to talk to customer service and see what
they can do for me I know I'll make it
home tonight I just would like to make
it home not too late so at least it's
night though I can't complain too much
but it is definitely a bummer all right
guys I'm definitely having one of those
days they were able to rebook my flight
which is fine it's going to be a late
much later flight I'm not going to leave
until 10:30 so I have like a couple
hours to kill sad part so I'm going to
try not to cry it is I can't find my
wallet and I had on the flight because I
had paid for Internet and when she asked
me for my ID locating my flight which
luckily I had my passport in my purse I
didn't see my my my wallet so I would
straight back to the flight that I just
got off of and she ran into the flight
or the airplane she checked everything
everywhere she says it's not in there
and they hadn't found anything else
so I rechecked all my bags everything
it's like nowhere so now I me have just
one more option I'm checking all the
customer services this via someone like
picked it up and took it to customer
service but it just like really upset
because my phone is like almost says I
have no way to buy anything to charge it
because I had left the charger egg tells
us mom's house have no money nothing no
my phone is almost done not done yet and
like five percent less really so it just
really hope that is that customer
service I don't know 100 because I
really like to turn my phone so I can
talk to Ryan and just not not have any
way to contact them so we go do not know
well guys I have checked to customer
services
and no wall is pregnant haven't even
told anyone because I am afraid that
it's gonna like use up my battery really
fast okay I do have a charger I just
didn't have a plug for the charger so I
think I can I think I can charge myself
so I'm going to do that super bummed I
don't have a wallet
I'm going to check one more customer
service before I charge my phone and I
guess I lost it it's just crazy because
it's not with me and they checked all
over my feet and stuff and it's nowhere
so as I said so just really really
frustrating I feel like I just had one
of those days where everything is
against you because I had my charger
I had charged it at Kelsey's mom's house
so that I would have battery and I liked
it there
and you go one more customer service
also really hungry so that might be also
I'm a little emotional because I can't
eat now I don't have any money
oh thank god I thought this right before
my flight from Boise how they oughta
find a little bench that the USB charges
I had my phone at yeah my phone disputed
miss mama yeah I feel so bad for Missy
she just called me bawling her eyes out
her flight got delayed for another three
hours
she lost her wallet she has no money she
has an e in and I thought was that 5% I
feel so bad for her I wish it was me
instead I honestly do she thought a
place to charge her phone
and she was trying to see if she could
like use her Starbucks app to get some
food so we'll see
she's updating me when she can but she
just tried to get home right now and
it's there's a storm and there's tons of
fog right now so it's proved it to be a
little difficult but hopefully we wake
up in the morning and we see her right
yeah hopefully she's here in the morning
say I love you mama he's a really sweet
video message anyway I'm gonna go ahead
and call it a night Holly and I are just
gonna relax on the couch and maybe watch
a movie and fall asleep all right guys I
remember where I left off with you it
has been a crazy night I have been
crying so hard I just think telling
everyone like what's happening and I'm
so sad about it I kind of just mostly
feel stupid but I'm also just sad and I
want to go home I was actually really
looking forward to getting like this
early flight was going to land like 8:30
or something that's definitely not
happening anymore so it is 9:30 right
now I had rebuilt a flight to actually a
closer location I think it was in the
land at like 11:00 or something maybe a
little bit later so I was like totally I
was not because give me closer to home
and I was like okay that works out and
then the flight got delayed until 12:15
so then
i what dr. Hausner serve as an asset
they could change me to look like that
leaves earlier but maybe as in a
different location now I'm flying back
now to LA at but I leave in 50 minutes
and it's a flight that was leading at
9:05 and now it's leaving at 10:10 so it
is 9:30 so I have to get to my flight
right now I am walking kind of slow
because I just need to decompress right
now I still haven't mean I still don't
have my wallet I did however realize
that I do have not only a Starbucks gift
card on my phone that I can use at
Starbucks but I also have appliqué so
if I find someone that can do applique I
could use it but now I'm kind of rushing
to my next flight so I really don't have
time to eat this is been a roller
coaster night oh my gosh I could just
look at the positive I don't have kids
I'm not like lugging them back and forth
or they're not starving so that's nice
and I'm going to be home tonight I will
be home today but I am playing great
once I get at least into a car I can
9:16 I suppose a fella protected I'm
Amish
I am so surprised that my luggage
actually made it after since you may
flight like four times in Elliot is
waiting for my ride now and hopefully
getting some food and you have a long
drive home but I'm just thankful to be
in Southern California and
so close to home so close that a long
night long day and this amazing first
half of my day on the south
hi I'm home and it is almost 2 a.m.
which means everyone is asleep the
lights are off and I don't even want the
truth I'm so tired the footpegs wasn't
home
really really late I'm gonna go to bed
and hopefully hopefully sleep helps if
it doesn't wake up and want to be in
that picture here today's video some
death penalty a smile
and
you
