Captain Hook left some treasure boxes
all right go get them
whoo that's a big one put it in the back
good job got the other one thanks buddy
that looks heavy can you lift it up oh
you can do it let's you could do it you
could do it oh good job dude whoever you
are that wannabe
coming here I am
good morning guys is a cold crisp
morning here on Sunday and I am actually
headed out of the hotel Chelsea still
get ready and I'm headed to go do a
couple errands before I go to the actual
baby parents help set up I'm calling an
uber now and I'm actually heading
somewhere that I went yet the edge
actually blogged about it but my little
project that I've been working on how to
really be like when someone you've ever
seen and think that I need so I'm going
to go to guess now and then I'm going to
head to the place I'm really excited to
show you guys what it looks like
changing the date ideas are not supposed
to I'm excited you it looks like with
the yeah it actually looks clean hair
I'm just I'm a little plate size it's
just a really old yeah see but it's
actually where I picked up karma and I
met him for the first time I played
every time I Drive by it like I'm going
to just kind of show you as we drive
past in the place where I picked up
karma so I changed forever just to make
Western it really good I decided to wear
tights and boots today and oh my gosh my
legs are freezing alright guys so I just
took it over to the cute little store
it's called cloth textile studio I just
found it on line I was just like
searching someone who can do like
embroidery I'm going to show you guys
what I made I'm going to show you guys
what she did so basically what I made is
a little lovey it's just like a little
tiny blanket with a little bunny on it
and this is a bunny that the kids have
had in their playroom just kind of
sitting on their shelf and they haven't
really been playing with it so I cut the
head off of it I sewed it on this cute
little blanket and then what I did is I
use
my bridesmaid dress has a border for it
which she actually made Oliver a blanket
with the border of her bridesmaid dress
basically we both now our kids have a
cute little lovey or blanket with
dresses from our weddings and I just
think it's kind of special that we were
both able to kind of do that for each
other and I'm just so excited about it
we computed and what I did is I recently
had someone embroider on her name
juniper and I think it turned out so
cute I'm so happy with it now I'm just
waiting to my uber to head to the
restaurant so I can start setting up
like you say guys everything is gonna be
so fun
all right guys we are getting ready
start this baby shower and me and Jenna
this is actually Kelsey's sister and
then her mom's over there we have put
all this together this morning and I'm
so excited I'm going to show you some of
the cute details that we've been working
on and going to give you a tour right
now no one's here yet so I can do that
right now here we go so we made these
cute little headbands for the girls
we're all wearing them right now and
this is kind of fun we've got a sign-in
sheet here where they can put their
finger print it can like ink their
finger and just kind of put it on the
tree and this is on a really cute little
frame that they can hang up later if
they want I got some flowers get these
cute little cards that we want the girls
to fill out it says wisdom for baby and
kind of keep seeing and then I'm here it
says wishes for moms and then they just
going to put this away else you can read
it later so we also made these cute
little so FAR's I fill these out so that
people know what's on them or within
them and then we can
hi Tomas you have a cute little station
over here this is cupcakes we have to
those are and then down here we've got a
station to make really cute headband I
love everything over here and the woman
does a day oh my good as it is I know I
talking about the set it really does
make the belly pop look it's just like
the perfect little like maternity dress
Oh
- pokey don't we need back it's broken
so we need to gassing it huh
we are in the Polaris we're gonna go
check the mail yep and I got my gas can
I got my handy-dandy pump we're going to
fill this baby up with some gas hey you
want a vlog daddy hey you hold the
camera then how come I've never used
this before that unlock that yeah
working yeah so that is actually genius
you guys pretty cool huh
just a bunch of gas coming out of it all
right that was a success let's see if it
starts now let's start it hey it works
so we go back
we're looking for charger boxes using
Scotty today there are some treasure box
collie
catchin hook left some treasure boxes
all right go get them ooh that's a big
one put it in the back good job got the
other one
thanks buddy that looks heavy can you
lift it up oh you can do it lift means
okay I'll help you you can do it
Oh good job dude it's a lot of time for
boxers ha it's such a beautiful day you
guys isn't it ollie yeah it's not that
cold it's pretty nice nah just naked
okay there's an alligator the blob
alligator look at our field Bell Ollie
this is normally where we write all our
quads and stuff but all that rain made
it so green it almost looks like there's
grass it's actually beautiful but it's
mostly just weed so those are gonna have
to get torn up Corbin's getting his baby
training in mom doll morning he doesn't
know what he's talking about
how's it going batboy okay he won't let
me put him around yeah that's the
indication that it's almost as naptime
if you guys don't know Corbin and Kelsey
are having a baby girl so it's been cool
for Corbin to be here because he's been
helping out with Ben he thinks he's got
a few things you've got a toy what no I
really don't think there is
wow I don't know what he's talking about
unless he got onto my Amazon account and
orders himself a toy okay all he really
wants to open this because he thinks
there's a toy in there but I don't think
so
can you rip it open something in there I
don't know
what what is it what's that
ollie did you go on my Amazon account
order toys for yourself I really don't
remember ordering avraham what is this
ollie
isn't it the blue one okay I honestly
think he may have gone on my Amazon
account he's been talking about blue
Power Ranger dinosaur gone babe
let me know did you order in one piece I
didn't order him one and he is very
smart now Holly did you go onto Daddy's
Amazon account
yeah and use my credit card to buy
yourself a new toy what come here it is
you guys power ranger dinosaur gun I
don't know how it got to our house but
Oh shucks to something you like it oh
all right let's not shoot people go
shoot some dinosaur okay so we are
wrapping up the baby sharing house but I
just want to show you guys how this
turned out it was so cute you got so
many fun pictures that's a fun time all
right that's a wrap
you had a baby shower
it was so fun and turned out so cute
everything's wrapping up now oh we got
Jasper and this in here he was so
excited and we had so much fun I
actually made a new headband and in the
process I burnt myself so guy I don't
know Cajun Kelvin literally stolen look
at that oh it was so bad I literally so
puffy lagoons are like blue oh yeah
that's what I'm dealing with right now
alright we are back at the hotel it was
such a fun baby shower I mean it was so
fun to like eyes like I said I feel like
I've been planning this for like years
I've had a pictures board for like a
long time and I'm just so thankful that
her mom let me like be involved and it
was just so fun it turned out perfect
night low-key and cool and it was
beautiful that's the way you're headed I
hate this table for her this is the
cutest little head family's like I
really like where this I wish it was
real flowers because it's like so
wildflower you like it's just so cute I
like I can wear this again Cheers
anyways now we are back in the hotel
we're going to relax and chill maybe go
swim but kelsey is going to finally open
up my gift and I've been working really
hard on it very excited about it but I'm
actually not going to vlog it so if you
guys do want to see her open it and all
that here's a happy to check out her
channel they'll be linked down below and
I've been working really hard so super
special to me so I hope she likes that
you guys will see if she does she
probably is my hated you guys can see
all that Channel today is Super Bowl
Sunday which means if you are in the
u.s. it's like it's kind of like a
national holiday I legitimacy if the
store was going to be open today it's
the Super Bowl Sunday who do you want to
win he wants the Falcons to win who you
ruined for now I guess I'll root for
Falcon I guess I didn't watch this
dutiful barbecue with a family coming
over we're going to eat some food and
watch them football and right now fin is
taking the best nap ever hour I think
you got an hour and a half right now
kitchen nap for show
all right Super Bowl game watching has
commenced but the greatest thing ever to
watch is all of these kids put over in
the playroom question what you guys
doing playing with a hat some old cool
pay in a jeff isbell the kids
entertaining themselves while we watch
the Super Bowl quite funny this has been
a crazy game at the end to watch it's a
fourth quarter 11 seconds left on the
clock me Amelia what happened right now
I am I saw oh my god oh my oh my god
this is honestly crazy there's never
been an overtime in Super Bowl history
all right the game just went into
overtime first time Super Bowl history
oh you see red squiggly line brother
headed first overtime and through
history and it is now perfect I know
there it is
Dover paid race time Oh grazie
but we've witnessed Super Bowl history
is getting late now and I'm pretty sure
the last my frogs I was in this room but
since then we've done a lot of things
invent a lot of places so if we want to
see what we've been doing make sure
again you go check out Chelsea's video
actually a lot of the baby showers on
there Eden and we just had such a fun
day and I definitely wanted her to be
able to capture a lot of it so it's on
her channel and I would love it if you
guys go checked it out so make sure you
check the link down below make sure you
go subscribe all that air while you're
there because they're literally about to
have a baby and you better believe I'm
gonna be there so go subscribe does June
is important so soon like within
probably within four to five weeks she's
going to be here soon and we had someone
fun oh my gosh you should see all the
stuff we made today it's just yeah they
made all those little headbands and yeah
it was just so fun so anyway I'm going
to go ahead and end the vlog I'm pretty
sure the guys had a blast at our house
so that was kind of fun but you guys
enjoyed today's video make sure you have
a thumbs up if you did and we'll see you
guys smell nice
you
