and this is who I check this out do you
think this adorable
I was not nice to poo he's just like
pushing him over poor pig can't catch a
break in this out we're having you oh
that's where I wanna be all that big top
his love
good fun
coming here
I am
what were you talking to your face Evan
mama I know she'll be here in just a
couple days okay if it's in isn't
waffles all easy and waffle with syrup
yeah good morning
all right tell mama you love her love
you baby oh yeah good morning guys you
know with my boys some breakfast
tonight this one gave me a run for my
money didn't you
who's up like two hours so exhausting I
think I finally know what Missy goes
through and the other night but we're
all awake
we're all happy right right Allie yeah
we're gonna have a fun day today Kay
yeah yeah okay we're gonna eat our
waffle time these are all baked what's
Dillon he picking you okay pick a little
one that's a good one Oh King it's okay
good morning Boise good morning guys I
am just waking up in Boise and already
for my day and I'm actually headed out
also have a key and then some in my
wallet and the camera got the camera
that's good
all right I think I got everything
hopefully so like I said yesterday I
have a very busy day ahead of me healthy
I shouldn't get here till really late
tonight so I'm be hanging out with her
mom a lot of today and we're just going
to be finishing up some final things for
the baby shower maybe even making a few
little crafts oh I forgot my suitcase oh
my god ever none days Chris I agree on
something
I've brought like an entire suitcase
everything for Kelsey shower to accept
something like some projects in there
that were probably going to work on
today so I forgot that I'm doing that
right now so yeah this I forgot this
this has everything it is so heavy and
when I went back to the room I also
realized I brought my jacket oh my god
how do I very nice I'm headed out into
extreme cold mother I said I'm like the
most kind of brave person I literally
would lose my head if it wasn't
rationing just think all right dude
let's do this climb in we're going to go
see Milan all right
this is not a mallanna car no I hate to
break it to you but wanna drive the boat
alright we are in the car and I'm with
Mary of Chelsea's maliki I didn't know
and I'm pretty excited right now because
she just got a puppy a couple weeks ago
and look it's literally a mini learn
that it actually is a mini limit on mini
Australian Shepherds and this is Jasper
and he is the cutest we just love you
ever oh my gosh I literally feel like
I'm getting my puppy fixed I've kind of
been missing it for the past couple
weeks we are now pulling in to go pick
up some really fun cupcake hope so yes
we're really excited we've been kind of
doing this together and we've been like
I'm in California and she's in Idaho so
it's fun to just kindly like come
together and actually see all the
everything come together you know
excited hypertonia here yeah late night
look who we ran into you what's up CJ
you excited to see Moana all right guys
what movie we're gonna go see wah wah
aah
let's go races leader so we have been in
downtown Boise just hanging out with
actually doing a lot of running around
and get some final touches done and I
thought I always finally kind of show
you a few things that we've been working
on and some stuff that I've made a lot
of it is in the back of her car right
now so I can't tell you everything but
so the theme of Kelsey's baby shower is
kind of woodland creature seen something
that we're going to be doing is we'll
have a photo booth set up where people
can hold up a little cute little like
woodland creature like eye things you
know difference up and so we made this
for the backdrop and you can't really
tell right now but it's basically a
piece of birch wood we put in these
little hooks on the side and then we
hung these really long flowers from it
and then we're going to hang it as a
place that we're going to happy having
the baby shower and making just two
pictures with them so excited I think it
turned out super cute it was so easy to
make I literally just kind of threw it
in these little hooks and then took the
twine the twine will kind of hang off
just something on the side of the wall
I'll show you guys tomorrow one just
like all set up and then we've got like
these cute birch wood like what are
these these are like candle holders
we've got this little plaque of wood
it's actually real wood and everything's
super heavy it's really cool-looking and
we're going to put all the cupcakes on
this we've got moths to kind of just
decorate the tables with and probably
going to put them underneath the
cupcakes if the cupcakes turn out so
cute they're like little tiny mushrooms
and they're really really cool so
anyways we've been doing a bit of
running around I think we're done
they're like I honestly did a lot before
I got here so that there wouldn't be a
lot to do and it's been a really really
nice day it's been really fun tomorrow
is gonna be really cool right now I'm
Mary's watching our little zombie like a
cutie is very sucky thank you so cute
oh okay that's okay I should have known
we're literally spinning and was all
this mounds of ice and mud and I'm like
your puppy time jump on me there's so
much in here so infield though this is
something all he loves doing of getting
up close and personal squeezing faces
he's Billy dude we just got out of
Milano which was amazing and now we are
about some lunch with DJ Bailey all
right I'm back from the movies and
Oliver fell asleep on the way here which
was amazing so he's taking and very
well-deserved a nap and mr. Finney had
so much fun with Mimi and Papa did into
you yeah he's like it's really I'm just
I feel bad that it wasn't able come to
the movie so I have some goodies for him
that I picked up at the Disney Store on
the way a lot of them all me this is hey
hey pretty cool huh
you say hey hey no you should see pull
up and this is poo I check this out
isn't that cute he makes somebody move
my feet
do you think this yeah he's a little
piggy it's adorable said I was not nice
to poo ha yeah I see hey hey hey hey
he's pretty cool and this is blue he's a
boy he's just like pushing him over poor
peg can't catch a break in this house
it's not cute though you guys who uh I'm
Alana which by the way I've seen Moana
twice now and it's still so good and
holy crap something something is
happening in this area are you pooping
Finn are you pooping
you guys I just did something that I
never ever do I came back to the hotel
room just to kind of relax and stuff and
I sat on this bed and I slept I took a
nap for like two hours I could not
believe how tired I was
I admit I slept like I just never nap I
don't really ever have the option to nap
I usually have at least one kid on me
but it was so night actually I feel a
little groggy still and I probably could
fix myself out but I'm going to actually
head out now and I should go to dinner
by myself which I can guarantee you I've
never done never gotten to dinner myself
Ryan said he had PF Changs yesterday or
today actually and that sounded so good
and I probably could just have PF Changs
like delivered well you know what it's
like to box away I'm just gonna go get
it
I'm gonna go walk and go get me some
Dennis I slept though and I'm like oh
I'm not able to sleep tonight because I
like something I was what time I did not
think I would sleep I lived close my
eyes and I was out we're off for another
adventure alright so I am walking the
streets of boys here right now and it is
a little bit rainy but it's also nice to
NB C is so funny cuz likes are used to
live and I actually did used to walk
these exact streets I remember helping a
man literally I think sitting on one of
those benches one time because it was
really drunk and I just wanted to help
now I love the culture down in Boise B
it's just really active and nice and
everyone is walking and hiking and
there's just like beautiful hills around
and it's really fun but I did just go
shopping got a few things got this up
for me and Kelsey and now I'm headed to
be f king
no I'm not sounds not good goes there
all by myself
holy actually FaceTime Brian I'll just
kind of set him up next to me and we can
pretend to have dinner together I had
dinner which was actually quite
delicious
and I just took an uber over to Winco
resign on mission a very weird mission I
will tell you it soon as I get close to
where my mission and I actually used to
shop at this window well I don't know
where anything is I don't even remember
what anything looks like around here
anymore like I literally used to live in
Boise again I have no idea where
anything is any stores I have no idea
what street names are called and I'm
super good with like directions and
stuff but I'm completely lost in the
city now so it's kind of funny looking
for bread okay guys I'm looking for
bread and it's very important that I
find Brett haha no no no oh my god this
is it what I'm looking for so Indian
Brian
lived in Boise we found this bread
called grandma sycamores homemade bread
it is the best thread especially in your
hands it's like the best part it's still
like Luffy it done we haven't had it for
years and it's just actually sent us
some like the other like a few months
ago we had like four loaves in the
freezer and we're out and now here I am
like how many have four Marlo's okay
Brian so that's what I'm doing and can't
forget that host but Brian requested
Idaho's bud I don't know if that's what
they are I know it's like a candy I
can't forget them
there you go Brandon got a go a bit Hey
look at my hotel room
how's Idaho cold it's a little bit oh
you fell ha wait it was raining it's
actually raining out there and there's
snow and ice everywhere yeah like ice on
the ground like muddy ice everywhere you
think that I always go fall every five
seconds because that's not good but
there's ice falling out
how many times do you lost your phone
without me I haven't lost my phone I
just forgotten be super groom like three
times of course I like the key in the
room you always Riggin do that I said I
I literally love to bring it by I'd like
leave Auggie I left this morning I was
like all right
you know and I realize I forgot
everything but I was like oh I was I
can't I like you to get it I grabbed
things I didn't even bring it back in
okay freezing outside I can I get my
jacket I gave everything I walk out I
lost the easy girl like oh yeah whatever
you need me in your life yeah I can't
oh so paranoid am L lose my phone
and don't have any way to figure out
where I left it I'm calling you to tell
me where did I leave it
I love you I need you
hey oli guess what we have a special
guest coming to visit tonight not a what
but uh hmm who's here he's walking into
our house hai hai hai hai fish see he's
just walked into our house hey guys look
who's here he literally didn't even
knock I could be naked hey we're all I
was hiding
say hi Ali you're my hog he's in so
excited to you all day bro I'm new on
them for don't know bro you have to say
hi to Missy she's hanging out with me on
FaceTime
Oh
Toby's planning I've been hanging on the
hotel room just relaxing but I think
Kelsey just got here and she's actually
stayed with me at the hotel so I'm gonna
head down hoping she's downer but so
sighted Hey
I came down I mean breakfast so check
this out you guys Missy is hanging out
with Kelsey in Idaho and Corbin and I
are hanging out here in California we're
all hanging out together because
technology yeah yes that's been a fun
night hang out Corbin corks can hang out
here for a couple days since Missy's
hanging out with Kelsey and Idaho and
all he is winding down for the night
Peter Pan hey Ollie did you have fun day
today yeah yeah I really had a fun day
hanging out with you I love you okay
Super Bowl tomorrow you excited for
Super Bowl yeah who's gonna win the
Patriots or the Falcons
Dokken hopefully is that suited actually
play anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
we'll see you manana Ollie what do you
say
you
