hi Ali who do you have Milano
can you see my song with me one nice
gray gray gray wanna come wherever you
are that way ever wanna be inside
just wanna
oh yeah how can you die coming on again
good morning buddy how you doing this
one you're watching there good morning
guys
Holly is watching some cartoons and I am
so excited because I am making pancakes
on our griddle
look at that nine pancakes I want how
amazing is that I was able to spread out
all of the batter and get all the
pancakes on one griddle I'm gonna try to
just keep putting pancakes on the
griddle these are looking so good and
they are just about ready to flip all
right look at these pancakes
Oh beautiful going in the same order
that I ladled them out
normally we have the frozen pancakes and
most of the time I'd like to prefer and
you can pop them in the microwave and
you can eat on another great all those
really good to wake up in the morning to
make fresh breakfast for the family like
pancakes like this start our date right
no no
all right there you go ollie I love you
too buddy let me cover you up in the
Neverland blanket yeah all he likes his
pancakes all cut up with syrup on them
and I got a little shorts back here for
me yeah Ollie Mae woke up well actually
always always the first one up he like
begged me to make food for Tenten didn't
you what I know you're watching Sofia
the first huh
he likes kefir the first gen he begged
me to make pancakes and you know I
actually had butter milk in the fridge
which we never have in the fridge so I
thought it was perfect time to make
homemade buttermilk pancakes mmm
we're karma came to say good morning say
good-morning Karma - aha
oh you give it on the hog give them a
big hug karma come back
well good morning guys I have been busy
all morning poop it's actually a pretty
nice day got a lot of work going on in
the back yard which is really exciting
you really see things starting to like
come together and then it's not raining
so the dogs are playing and having a
blast it's just so nice is the hardest
part about reading like I enjoy it but
I'm pretty tired just the fact that the
dogs are in the house and Luna can't
really run around the house very much
because Hills or the bathroom she chases
the kids until work in progress
I'm taking my chickens well quick
decision making there but I want to play
guys what I saw on the comments
yesterday or today actually that someone
was saying another reason why my
production may not be going well with my
eggs is that they may not be loving the
amount of water they're getting from my
little water dispenser in here which
also it to you guys the way it works is
it hangs it's really nice because they
can't like pooping it or get it dirty
and you come in here and they can think
it on here and peck it and water comes
out but they may not be getting all of
the water that they need or enough water
so and this is what some one thing is
that they may just not be getting enough
water so they we set up another source
of water over here we mean I can't step
on it and poop in it although it may
still happen
and we put it out here so that all the
fluff in there won't get pushed in there
and hopefully maybe that will pick up
their production I don't know for sure
I'm hoping that that will help but
either way chickens are all doing really
good I'm going to grab this right here
thank you guys whoever whoever is giving
me that one solid egg day thank you one
of you one of yours doing a job hi Bree
hi Pam you guys are very pretty
Jen but from his nephew took such a good
nap so proud of him
good morning
Delaney did you scream PVC but my little
baby Batman get your blankie all right
I'm going to fix your camera this is his
camera and it always gets bumped so I'm
going to use these little sticky velcro
things to stick it so it won't move
anymore because sometimes you like kicks
it even like he'll kick the headboard
and then this just like bumps I'm like
okay great now I can't see him yeah
that's fix it okay with the little
sticky stuff yeah that's pretty cool all
right I've got a bug and I use the
velcro kind so I think if I want them oh
not bad then I work all right maybe we
just don't stick it and then we can just
it's kind enough down and hopefully I
can see you now yeah and luckily you
can't reach it one day you'll be able to
reach it huh she's like trying to jump
okay I think it's good I think it's good
now it won't move as much okay I would
create my little pumpkin you ready for
some lunch
Molly what is it Jared doctor he was in
the water
hahaha right out that is an actual
butterfly or a mom I think it's a mom it
was not so scary I don't want a custom
book and what is the ollie
make it quick back in tune and it's
alive yeah guys Wow it's a lie it's a
lie we I found him in the water to be
flopping around little trying to dry out
I think oh maybe here finally no it
almost is tired he said they will he's
seen a couple of these around yeah oh my
goodness
normal only used to do it didn't even
get funny you just gotta keep he's got a
key Preston city to flyaway so flyaway
he's okay he's pretty Ollie's not gross
go ride the planet down come on dad
morning I just planted now you're
sucking up Thank You Missy got this game
tonight while we were grocery shopping
called Domino rally are you excited to
do it maybe we throw nervous first and
then rockin here whoa Olli what's going
to happen right here got the ball this
is basically like a fancier version of
mousetrap oh really okay yelling it's
all set up
you ready so just hit the blue one very
lightly and they're all going to fall
and watch what's gonna happen until you
can these are all fall and these will
fall and in the fall good and criminal
is like that I mean this I'm going to
hit that it'll make this follows down
the tunnel hit this little ramp and so
they make the rocket fly up and all
these will go up and then the airplane
is going to shoot off right yeah it's
not going to get you're comparing there
to get you okay just cap it really
lightly yeah that was a little
uneventful okay ready this it okay
whoa dude Alan oh my god Domino rally is
a dud SSSs
I mean it's cannon weekend it does peak
in like some coordination is setting
them up yeah he can conclude where I
lost my patience a couple times setting
this baby's color to use might be ass
bag I guess pretty cool but it's like
could be a little better it also came at
this really cool thing there's nothing
really cool in at work oh yeah it's like
an automatic Domino layer outer feels a
whole this whole thing up wow you still
have this cartridge you set the
cartridge in here you turn the machine
on which it goes like this and then the
wheels start turning and then it like
pushing out the dominant Domino and it
like pushes out the perfect time so it
doesn't work no it does just doesn't
work it really doesn't work do a really
cool idea like kind of a done like it
would have been really cool if it word I
mean maybe I my patients within a little
bit of stage because I was like okay
that was fun though mommy tried right
Ollie you say thank you mom
keep my my going to get you good you can
I get you
hey Ally did you have Milano keep sing a
song with me bleh bleh-bleh
good time does had Craig hi proud of you
he literally knows like all the songs
perfectly huh yeah but one oh yeah like
why change compel Mike did you eat this
who English I was king hey don't blame
her eating Moana she did not eat
mallanna you know who I think eight more
Luna yeah yeah Carlo
li huh so scared actually I'm Alana ter
used to be like really like soft there's
now like this crazy can you see the your
welcome song what's so fun listening you
sing huh okay well I explained you guys
we had such a fun till day it's been
really nice to feel like we've been
having a few T's interesting really good
for us and just like relaxed and
sorrowful actually just like be kind of
normal sometimes sometimes life life can
feel a little not normal sometimes for
us yeah it's been really cool we got a
bunch of stuff done today and we hung
out and it was really nice huh you have
a good day you know should we tell them
what we were practicing tonight tonight
we were practicing how we take pictures
of our heart because oli
might be going really soon well he's
going really soon to go get some
pictures done so what do they do first
when they take pictures of your heart
until it's when they put slime onion and
go like that is it and then they take
this little thing and it looks kind of
like a banana huh and they just kind of
put it on you and we even did one for
karma we put a little slime on him but
he doesn't like it we make that sound
because she should he got a little mad
at us and then we looked at its heart
with our little Ponemah huh anyways we
just been practicing because next like
week or so she's gonna be going to get
that done but anyways I hope you guys
enjoy today's video make sure you give
it a thumbs up come on give a thumbs up
can't make sure you subscribe if you're
not already and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
what do you say
I
you
