oh my god wherever you are that way ever
wanna be back inside
Oh
yeah fucking your dog coming alright I
see you
Wow
I'm Trevor
good morning oli oli is cleaning up his
toy room today putting everything in
this toy box thank you good morning my
stud muffin how are you good let me see
your shirt that's cute
okay well watch paw Patrol but we got to
clean up this playroom huh good morning
guys from Ollie's my supply room dog
thank you darling hey it doesn't fit in
there yeah let's put it next to the toy
box how about that all he's been getting
really good at - playrooms we try to
make him do it every night before bed
but we forgot last night so now that
twice let's put all the food stuff in
the cart and then we'll take that back
to your room once it's full okay okay
put all the food stuff in here put all
your toys in the toy box step food okay
then it goes Mack
good job put that way I mean it means
things because of the pipe beautiful
let's take that in there and then the
way on that side
Popeye is over here installing genius
slide outs for all of our cabinets it's
amazing yeah Finn is helping him so we
made this little workshop he made these
little how genius is that rolling he
were nicely it has all my stuff if you
need all these for my mom and like yeah
you already ducked out your kitchen huh
now he's like I need more kitchens to
work on board but what happened with
that one Jim there's an extra pipe we
don't need a pipe just get rid of it
it's like unhooking the sewage will come
out but it'll fit okay me alright now be
okay I mean you live with that
you'll get in drawer good morning thing
you help and pop it out I have been
working on dishes this morning it is
been so so much dishes today we got a
big package of me
so much meat we ordered a bunch of the
Omaha steak and with those Omaha Steaks
came dry ice and my dad was like hey
guess what we're going to do we're gonna
have an experiment you know what's in
there
I'm actually cold colder than any other
ice you've ever felt
and did you know that it's so cold all
you said if you touch it it could hurt
you yeah but there's something you can
do with it we need to get that water on
okay can you put the water into the into
the big base it's a drag
alright we decided to move it outside
since we don't know exactly what's gonna
happen alright you ready okay what's in
there ice very very cold ice huh okay
let's see you know can you feel it
okay hold it's a rug he did that though
it's so cool yeah what Bominable Patino
didn't you okay let me see but the ice
is like bubbling not so cool it's cool
it in such a tall vase that like Austin
Appa see so cool
all I got was get the freeze again girl
ima go ask for love you think Vince is
it better than a bonsai family nothing
bitch going down right I want some water
mmm-hmm we just put more warm on it and
look at it now it is just like spewing
out we also just attempted to cover it
with plates to see if it would stop it
because we don't know what we're doing
yeah I didn't like it pouring up a sign
saying like hey it didn't blow up so
crazy looks so cool maybe the hose nur's
do it done yeah
alright let's pour we have a bunch left
we're going to put it in the hot tub
really always yeah oh it was awesome all
right we want to get into the cruising
out look nice and warm okay see how much
bubbles are I get literally it's
creating a like hot tub effect yes you
can seeing people into getting your
happy yeah you won't know that it oh
yeah it's nice and warm there you
tasting Susan or Susan chasing you hi
Susan
she's like the most confused chicken all
the time I know what is going on
sunshine holder yeah holder ring oh yeah
she does have wings she's a nice girl
careful not with your safety for sure if
you're oh gosh she sang together what do
you think it is a little busy right yeah
know what all over her never going to be
like what is on you
she's just funny chicken she walks right
up to us but then sometimes she'll like
hey spin like randomly look oh my gosh
you got me the beauty of the princess
Lego castle I've never done layin
forebrain super into like really wants
to have been wanting to do Legos
together with you for a long time well
if you like buying me
something then maybe I will try and put
together and figure out although this
was for six to twelve girls I feel like
I shouldn't start willing a31 after I
ordered this one I realized I saw on
lines that they have Beauty and the
Beast upcoming so I think after the
movie is out they're going to have even
more stuff I really hope all right well
good luck it's an instruction there
that's a lot of pages Oh where's Beauty
and where's beast
you got to put him together Ronald Lee
oh yeah
and just like that what how come every
time I press that beeps you always like
says something like that we can cool hey
guys just like that so it is already
getting a like I like it did not fall a
lot today but me and Brian be super busy
we actually even went on a little date
kind of an early date and we just got
back right before bedtime
so we're going to put Finn to bed right
now but we actually had like a couple
meetings today and things like that and
we just like didn't really vlog we've
had a busy day so you haven't really
seen much of it and we'll he's so cute
he's always so attached for me at night
just like ah I'm like mom when you sit
in that chair I'm good there yes okay
now the 9th right now and you move move
your shirt away she like knows how bad
time goes you like and then uh you did
it and then we do that and you stop
talking mom this is an awesome store
he's like a fiberbed hi
okay comments like oh - whoo all right
all right let's put you to bed
wait well I can't put you guys out there
you start machine arm Hey
one step closer and then we had to the
light off
Gregory just like that
one down he's always so easy he knows
it's bedtime and he just wants to go to
bed he doesn't want any team to come in
to eat night no vlogging just go to bed
otherwise is mad what's going on daddy
yeah oh you scared me you said you won't
needed my help
oh my god did you yeah all right I lied
you want to show them what we built
earlier I'm here a month so we need keys
yes okay so first of all we we made bail
just pretty come on yes all I did create
one of the pieces into our time we made
this little like what is this like a
tray on wheels with mrs. teapot and Cup
and then we've got Lumiere which it
looks pretty cool I don't really know
her name but she's the Duster and I
think she looks pretty cool too and then
we've got Cogsworth which is pretty cool
because his little face like spins
that's pretty cool huh okay cool this is
the the dresser I forget her name too
but her face things too and then the
little door open the door and inside is
actually what it's in sight a little a
little thing or the crown on the other
thing too so that's like a crown inside
it was pretty neat and then we built a
tray with like a little cupcake inside
is two turns
yeah a little cup it was we need like a
little table through all this we have
these left over and then we're studying
our section
bag by the way all I ran into the corner
of this earlier like our little
countertops and hurt pretty bad huh yeah
but now horny is not hurting now it's
just like it's like an ikat to now huh
okay this is like we get my tattoo mom
yeah we're going to start on the second
part now and I think this time it'll be
a little bit easier without finch eyeing
to eat all the pieces it was kind of a
hard last time finn was like trying to
grab them all and he was like running
off with them and so now it's been to
sleep we can like really get to build
upon all right you're going to help me
okay let's do it
I think Missy has found a new obsession
he does things yeah I see Legos I just
like puzzles well you did it you built a
castle you guys whole thing to get all
the guns back and ready yeah and pay
bills lately and there's the rose and
then here's the gates they open up like
that
and then these are the flowers mm-hmm
stop flies all in love putting this
statue together got her bedroom got this
little light right here in Chile where
El camale√≥n got a mirror right here
this had like a little trapdoor
we call a trapdoor cos I like pepper and
turns around and it shows like his wig
so his wig can hang on hang out right
there but if you ever wanted to just be
the print you take it real head off
wrong oh wow that's amazing
here is a little tracing so they can
turn advance that's so cool and then you
can put the beasts head over here if you
wanted yeah and then you can turn it so
you don't yes yeah that was fun cool
good job Abel about your first ever very
Airy Missy's first time putting together
a lego that's amazing
that is so cool babe I know I'm trying
to do that one
good night buddy I love you yeah I said
it something cool in your room you gonna
see yeah
whoa look at that Olly you got a light
under your bed now that's like a
spaceship huh yeah I installed a Philips
light strip under all his bed so that
when he gets out of bed the motion
sensor sees him and turns it on for him
so he doesn't might get too scared or
freaked out and it just is cool make
some special effects spaceship good
night buddy I love you
you
