I love seeing them be brothers wherever
you are that wherever wanna be all it's
a big jump in
is
just follow me
good morning guys
it is a beautiful morning I'm harder we
got dragon Legos he isn't like my
chicken here's all day all night all
night and I'm saying the puppies are
playing now when I just well normally
she just stays up here in ways forever
oh my god I'm gonna hit that Jace soon
she is such a nice day today Finn's
actually taking nap and my uncle is over
my uncle is coming over to pick up all
this stuff this is all of our old
furniture it's actually still in pretty
good condition and my uncle is like you
I'll take it and I was like yeah Brian
and home art and everything it loaded it
by the shelf and I was not relevant if
you said yourself that it would be cool
to give it to them there goes the couch
Oh keep down the ball I was looking for
a ball down here like you found it we've
just been cleaning up the house is
seriously something I said I said that
earlier but it is such a nice day they
are working on our pool right now you
can see some of the structure kind of
starting to be made now which is just
really exciting I cannot wait but I just
noticed my chicken cam is all messed up
on here so I'm go see what they're doing
what are you ladies doing what's going
on going on why is your cam down here
they keep not gonna stand I don't know
why I am so confused they came to watch
a little sand that this thing stand on
it usually shuts up they're really high
and it's literally gone like I've picked
up all this and like did you eat some
cake like I cannot find it how am I
supposed to keep an eye on you guys so
weird
are you tired
yeah are you going to take a nap you
only think it's okay in the cars because
you're bored yeah close your eyes
what how I just kidding so we are headed
out right now and we're gonna go get
some wine today
he really wants dessert we're not
getting is there golly anyway so yeah
we're going to go grab some lunch and
just hang out that we get out of the
house for a little bit
you come home day like well not it's not
like cold but for sixty degrees well it
feels really nice
so about perspective because Jared and
Ellie they got rid of all their snow and
then they got six more inches like I
wish it was just warm up I came down
it's like sixty degrees here it's so
cold I know it is sighs it's so kind of
chilly it's not like to me whether
that's for sure maybe for some people
but we're talking about how a year ago
this is the time when we were looking at
the house that we lost the well right
now does interesting seeing like
everything's all green and stuff from
the rain and the trees are still like
filling out it's cool because this is
when we saw it and then by the time we
actually we're able to move in all the
trees were full and green it was just
like the perfect time because I'm a
spring kind of amazing tub really we've
almost been in our house for a year
almost this so good I love our houses
just like it's us so quickly will happen
always I may be in there
I saw you okay you clean up your mess
welcome Holly such a good kid you're
such a good boy you know that he's
really good at admitting when he does
wrong no he knows we are at free words
right now getting some lunch
these voices just been so sweet all day
haven't you okay throw that away just
throw it in there you got it
you did okay always if one day mommy got
inside to have another baby be on a
brother or a baby doesn't matter my baby
brother but you want another brother
like Finn or do you want a baby sister
another baby brother like then well with
our luck that probably happened well I
have a baby brother
are you said something like yeah he's
like of course I like Finn but another
another baby would yeah that'd be fun
three boys huh there's all the best
friends running around like crazy my
face games on yeah baby spike yeah so
much trouble being up in here this
explains you trust me
funny ask me coming today if he would
rather have a future baby brother of and
sister because today on this day four
years ago I believe is when we told
everybody that we were having a boy
so dolly you remember that because I got
my time hapax but 24th is that three
years ago four years ago I think it's
four years ago yeah yeah four years ago
today we told everyone we were having a
boy and here he is right here that's
pretty cool huh
yeah that's in the vlog went up yeah we
going in the whole gender field look so
cool yeah thank you so much if bro your
jacket all my jib there's me so funny
because on my time hop also one year ago
today is when we were looking at the
house this is a house season this is
what it you so like right now that's my
that was my that's my office I think and
then that's like the hallway so funny
it's occurring and one year ago today we
were looking at the house for the first
time like yeah you're like this it
crazy all these memories happiness a
really fun hey Olli you want to run
around the fountain why not
remember that when you fell what are you
doing with her
oh it's been turned to fall in the
fountain is that right
baby might actually fall
that's so weird all he was just over
here where is he he was just over here I
can't find him oh wait there yeah oh
don't fart my mouth they don't fart mama
all right come on kids are not afraid to
get dirty
that's for sure
yeah look who's here you guys my sister
and my mom were in town so they're
hanging out with us for a little
friendly visit and something crazy just
happened Miffy was very upset that's
probably why she's probably hoping that
they come back that was the day that
Linda not Alan Lee was chasing them
independent miner for a while and now we
can't find this one and so I can't live
here not too much just like still over
the fences and got locked and we looked
over there and we just couldn't find her
anywhere anything literally gone for
like two days the property we searched
everywhere everywhere
what we get a window it out here Luna
was out here because she didn't go potty
so I I kept her out here and then we saw
the first family on the door and my
sister's really good with chicken so she
caught her oh maybe she can be okay
that's amazing mom it's not crazy she
was gone for like two three days I
probably just got to feel free and
rested yeah probably huh no there's
funny oh yeah funny about the bugs what
is that oh yeah she's a little beat up
uh-huh well she already was kind of
scrape that's how we described her the
red straggling one gradually I see
butter Oh welcome home girl we sing know
start making out some eggs
I only got one egg I'm pretty sure she
is my Heather later yeah this is amazing
our chicken come home we are having a
Lego party up in here Missy is working
on her cinema and we also have Lego
dragon and Mickey Mouse Clubhouse trains
or young fun ollie is he helping at all
them yes he hates the pieces that you
need and
that's gonna be so cool we got what are
you playing with all the 90 characters
again Oh
what's your is your dragon eating the
cookie mm-hmm yeah my sister brought me
peeps Oreos which I've never heard of
and for some reason she thinks I like
peeps which I do not know I don't but
all he loves peeps
so he's been he's been killing the
cookies we get the part
come show me whoa that's a real dragon
that it's so cool bro did I really help
you make that whoa ha ha ha it's so cool
what color is it yellow kind of yellow
is green huh yeah I'm so excited you
guys because I finally own an ice cream
maker I'm making homemade cake batter
ice cream it's been in there for 20
minutes so far and it looks amazing
listen to the time that is so cool
we are mixing the next pins and the
ice-cream maker has like a fun little
song it plays you what it felt like
everyone's crowded around it Holly what
do we got ice cream wait don't stupid
don't go but yeah I want to show you
guys the ice cream I made we have
chocolate and cake batter with sprinkles
look oh so tonight we just had an
amazing dinner yet no I'm not a club oh
wow I know we were stars shone like
family the different colors and stuff
but we have ice cream and we're going to
serve them up now and it looks delicious
say no night brother
Oh 9 night mr. Finnegan bye honey
he's waiting everyone sweet dreams bro
you
