hey dead guy
hey mama keep it dance yeah you know I
did dance on whatever you are that way
ever wanna be inside
funny
coming all right I see you
I am alone
come to every
good morning good morning good morning
buddy
you do he has to find out I'm sorry papa
what are we gonna do about that how do
you find that is right yeah make sure
you guys know what is that I know this
is totally what's this ah my fat with a
pool with that I got nothing to eat
okay what is this mmm Wow look at this
map he just identified all the place
okay so if you were to go into the
backyard
where is the dinosaur egg we have to
find those two dinosaur eggs right
you're gonna help by Oh
let's go get some got away yeah that's
amazing
papa made him a little map so that he
could try to identify and follow it
we're gonna see it's gonna do it
all right all these do we have a map to
where these dinosaur eggs are right so
this is the chicken coop is that you can
coop on our map it's quite finished
right there okay so this is the proper
the door is right Wow
so that's where the door is this is the
door that egg is over here one it looks
like there's one right in front two huh
yeah that's the door and then the egg is
right near the sewer around here
somewhere huh hmm do you see anything
what's that really you just found it
from the map dude it's a nursery oh yeah
okay let me see the next one is around
the chicken coop over here the other one
is right there let's go luck Optifine
egg number two right it should be around
here somewhere do you think that's a
date for it you do Oh easy a little
shovel there you go is it is that it
ollie or do you think it's a rock yeah
oh you got it oh let me see you dude hey
you got to that is so cool look I'm
gonna open them up all right
Ollie you just found two dinosaur eggs
by following a map what that was
impressive you know who else uses Maps
what captain Jake and iris yeah you open
these babies up here X if anyone oh he
was he the pro
well Ollie is cracking eggs luna and
karma are getting exercise we got to be
careful with these dinosaurs Holly why
do we have to be careful they might bite
me huh oh you're you're immune to it go
close ally good I think it's red yeah
top I got a hammer to speed up this
process a little huh
this is toddler with a hammer and such a
good idea well you didn't do something
maybe we should turn it around well you
got it what is it what is it now you
forget that time we'll have to look it
up and see what kind we got let me see
it ooh it's got a big tail then a horn
on the back of his head - ha yeah it's
beautiful do it
you got it pull them out what color is e
Wow red and it looks like blue huh look
at the bottom of its blue we should see
what kind of dinosaurs these are all
right all the our research is telling us
that it is a gap Doheny yeah
our research is telling us that the
second one or the first one he actually
opened is a store low-fare oh he's over
here pulling out the hose you got to
rinse them off huh
Ollie look there's water in the fountain
you want to rinse them off in the
selling yeah let's do that
there we go and some off good look it
looks like there's more water over here
we will see their colors coming out I
wasn't really red and blue and that
one's red and blue - looks like wow
that's pretty cool
was that fun yeah you want to go tell
Papa thank you for making that map maybe
the map will have more dinosaurs soon I
think I was just so cool because it was
such a really fun little activity for
him to get to use his brain a little
which we've been trying to do more and
more because you guys don't know all
these with the preschool this year in
the fall so we haven't decided what
we're going to do if we're going to do
like a sort of home free school or take
into like a pre through 12 but it is a
decision we have to make this year so
it's fun to do a little activities like
this I get me my mom actually are
hanging out down here it's this big
field you guys see us riding around the
Polaris all the time but this is where
we've been throwing the dog fall from up
in the hills
the pipeline has walked down here and
it's so cool I just love how like
flattened in and we eventually are
planning to turn this into a really cool
area definitely in the plan and the
works down the road I don't know when
but we also have it here it's everything
is so flooded still from there all the
rain that the dogs are probably getting
soaked I probably have like tadpoles
down here I probably would have tadpoles
when I was little we had a riverbed but
when you think of riverbed in California
it's not river
it's just and but sometimes there are
little pockets of water where the frogs
would lay their eggs in the eggs they're
like little eggs and then they would
turn into what looks like just oil
spills throughout this entire very small
like puddle and that's where the
tadpoles that were really small in black
would grow look at this we have like a
little stream coming down here the dogs
are getting so filthy so so maybe I'll
get some tadpoles out of it oh my gosh I
cannot believe this stuff never got
cleaned up I probably cleaned up most of
this but there's still even orbit
yeah there's a clown hand clown head and
Orbeez everywhere so bad oh my gosh
leave this one
hang on Han there's a brain there's a
brand there yeah I'm pretty sure that
all the rain has not helped with the
Orbeez like trying to dry up check out
the little waterfall on my land it's a
waterfall so rare in California I know
this is crazy
been a while distrained we never had our
ground was a road is basically eroding
yeah alright guys we are off to a
doctor's appointment a joint doctor's
appointment because we're married we're
actually doing some kind of interesting
on something that our kids heart doctors
suggested that we do if you guys don't
know all against it both have this a
Orbach dilation of the heart that we
have to keep an eye on it kind of
strange they both have it exactly the
same thing for the doctor assets that we
both get checked as well obviously
genetic data
gotta be one of us that have every one
of us that has the heart problem you
know I really want to figure out who it
is because because I think it'll give us
more information for the kids in the
doctor whether it's something that we
need to work that out of heart issues so
just good to know yeah it's cultural
we're going to go in and we're going to
I don't know if we'll find out anything
today but this is just kind of the first
step yeah thank you hang out with us all
right you guys Missy and I are back from
our appointment went really well the
doctors we got EKGs and the doctor like
listening to our heartbeat and stuff and
basically just decided that we
definitely have to get echocardiogram I
was a little worried about my EKG
because I remember in biology in college
we did EKGs and we liked we would hook
up all the little things to each other
like you have a partner and you each do
it to each other and then you hook up to
the machine then you read the EKG and we
like could read like what was what of
course I don't remember that anymore
so thanks College I remember doing that
and I remember when I got my EKG results
in college I want to say down and I was
like what the heck like it looks so
weird everyone else's doesn't look like
this so I was like a little nervous
going into it and then
I read my EKG and they were like yeah
you're buying it looks exactly like mr.
you so we have scheduled echocardiogram
so that's where they basically just do
like an ultrasound on your heart and
they get to like see the whole thing we
could basically decide it with me or
Missy and if we're okay because with the
dilation of the boys they have to just
monitor and make sure that it's not
getting bigger so if they check one of
us and they see that it is bigger then
there may be some things that we have to
do about it so hoping for good news and
we'll keep you guys updated too but
we're back home and getting situated
with the boys by the way shut up to me
mean Papa they watch the boys all day
um because we've just had like the
craziest busiest day special you call ma
Karma you've been such a good boy we got
you some presents while we were at
Disney man and some for Luna to want to
show them that's actually for the
playroom guess what it's a map of never
Neverland
not cool okay I'd like it for that
playroom oh that's your shoe I know oh
this is for the loo now let's put that
aside what do you see Oh a bow
yeah how much you want a penny you would
have buried what we get in isn't this
amazing these are bowtie and collar set
and they have like ties and bow ties and
they all are exchangeable to so you
could take the bow ties off also we got
him a waffle
oh my cut is it that no hear me
hahaha sorry karma Luna will have to be
wearing them yeah well I don't know if
that baby take it off for karma okay
like it what we got you a Mickey Mouse
you want it
it looks serious looks just like the
ones that they serve at Disneyland how
many right hey hey wait Disneyland
waffle
we also got something special for Luna
its Minnie Mouse it's like a Minnie
Mouse bow and it's squeaker yeah friends
know look we got you you go play outside
with it
go get it okay okay yeah I thought that
was so cool though we found like a bunch
of pet things at Disneyland which I've
never seen before these are really cute
will help me see oh there we go Finn is
piggy you open up the blanket I want to
see it bro this is a cool blanket for
this oh my goodness that is so cool
this is the whole island and here's the
mermaid there's school Island and
Catholics dip and that this is where
like the Lost Boys will that's the
Indian camp and there's who's that Peter
Pan and there's a waterfall
5:05
you
we have to cut off for war because it's
so cold out here huh yeah by the way
we're on our new patio set which we
finally got and we love it
not all any auto furniture is here we're
just ready for our pool to be done which
update they're still working on it
I think we're going to have people here
tomorrow working on it and then next
week we have a lot of permits and stuff
done they can start getting ready then I
want to say good night to Finn she's
been a lot better with the kids huh
she likes to either teeth with them and
been working on it like scared of her
now some behind alike she doesn't fight
them but also absolutely normal a store
owner today I saw her and finish her
shuttling see anyway you doing she loves
to do this chair around it's super light
he'll like move it and climb on to stuff
that looks a little dangerous though you
can't find a way I'm doing it look at
him let's just gotta be perfect huh you
did it he's so cute are you gonna go
night-night
yeah every night before bed we always
come in here and you always Hans around
the room and he has to sit on his chair
hilt over there and pretend to read a
book and he's so cute before bed woot a
butterfly oh hey Dad - say mama
yeah he say dance yeah you know I did
dance ah Finn can say all the words you
just have a hard time saying them when I
want him to say them time for bed
hey $9.99 so Finn is asleep and we're in
his play room cuddling under the
neverland blanket Mia and what are we
watching
mm ah - mana again and you ate all your
dinner all gone I'm so proud of you it
was a tough one he was like crying I
said you just need to eat I just said if
you just try it and he tried it and he
liked it then he ate it all gone and I'm
so proud of you huh what yeah hope you
guys enjoyed today's video make sure you
give it a thumbs up and we'll see you
then tomorrow one all right your mouth
buddy
a
you
