well then you got to find which one you
want to get burn which one you want to
get these early so much
oh I got on your you having you are that
Webber wanna be inside
this is
just your dog coming all right
good thinking
I am
good morning all right edema giulio
everything that I just logged a few
minutes ago because basically I started
the vlog on my camera and the camera
died like as soon as I started it yeah I
started the blog to tell you guys I was
like basically it's been a really rough
morning we had a delivery show up like
as we were sleeping like at our gate
ready to come in and they needed to
deliver stuff we had a meeting in an
hour I really don't think I could go
into everything that's happened it's not
like terrible that happens but it's just
been one thing after another you know
like you know sometimes when you wake up
and you just know today is going to be a
rough day probably
I let loon out to go to the bathroom and
I was like you know I need to hurry and
get ready while she goes to the bathroom
I left I came back to find her chasing
my chickens around and then I realized I
never closed their door to their coop
last night which I've never done before
and I feel I don't even want to tell you
guys honestly because it's so like hairy
like any cow there was no coyote
I'm not true but I basically left them
vulnerable to a coyote like that's very
very scary it's really bad at me and I
feel really bad but that happened and so
I just saved my chickens from my from
Luna though I brought Luna and thought
can you eat breakfast I'm gonna hurry up
and get ready she gets out she peed and
pooped so I'm cleaning up pee and poop
I'm trying of the kids ready my food
it's like one thing after another you
know like it's like one of those
morning's where you're like making your
breakfast and your yolk breaks I was
literally like cooking eggs eggs my yolk
burger I was like boy and it's kind of
funny because I feel like whenever I
really talk about the truth lay off
every morning people always like oh my
god you had to wake up early oh my god
you had to like get to a meeting which
we end up missing the meeting which is
so annoying yeah it's just like I feel
like people don't understand like a
mother how great or how hard your life
is like everyone has rough days and I
want to be honest about them like I'm
having a rough day like this what I mean
like I may have read a couple things
today that I just was like
you're a mean person and I don't know it
just kind of is I'm also trying to make
some big decisions right now and so
there's a little bit of other stressful
things going on but I may have decided
that today just can be rough like for
instance I changed the battery before I
left and as soon as I started vlogging
the camera died that happened it may be
a bad day the whole point it's not the
worst day and I don't think it's going
to be like that bad hopefully it picks
up I'm going to take the kids to swim
and I think it's going to be a better
day after that I think pasta my fingers
we got sorry but which always makes the
day better spins like if you want to say
get better get me out of this car scene
so let's go do that
hey guys so swim crosses out and I met
up with the whole family at lunch
we made it to lunch and I had to bring
an extra battery I guess something
happened this morning
I change the battery which I never do I
always forget I'll buy I'm beyond risky
she changed it by the battery that
wasn't in the charger that was a
positive charge behind
oh it wasn't in it we just sitting on it
like well I'm a doing his part yeah
so Mickey told you guys about our
morning it was just very hectic a lot of
different things going wrong we powered
through it is nothing like that guy is
just like boy learn how we cut it I was
like dude yeah ok this morning today
give me back that it's gonna be a bad
day okay obviously I see Ollie waving
what are you waiting to right now the
people
he's so like really he's still waving
foot blanks there now and it's
cooperative's everywhere yeah we just
need to go to Disneyland just forget
about the morning that we had good day
like you know when I stop logging I get
out of the car and always click on the
most all of them so yeah it's okay I'll
get thin out of the house mostly based
in Austin grabbing all it would have
been a funny day to have a film crew
following around because he's unable to
avoid all this nonsense
Thank You papa yeah we're gonna get
through it
because you can announce yes it's funny
we're eating lunch are you all that now
okay bro that quesadilla it's bigger
than your head I might want to try still
Jack really big idea you're not gonna
need bread dang
what are we doing guys play game here
hey George what do you say ollie all
right you guys going to make sure it's
refunded you got to find which one you
want to get birth which one you want to
get these are let's go cause I love the
sick dude
that was quite the disaster Oliver you
can't just push buttons bro just wasted
your turn all right let's let Peyton try
lots of good more okay pretty Keys one I
don't know we're going to get it dude
what do you think uh that's pretty good
okay I feel confident
my gosh it's going down it's going down
come on she's gonna get it ah that's
alright
next time maybe next time well guys it
looks like this bad day is about to get
turned upside down because we're going I
want to show you guys what the kids are
wearing too because I got them dressed
up just four-digit hi yes you have a
Pirates of the Caribbean shirt right
what the heck just stick survive so this
is your jacket let's show him your shirt
he's got a Mickey Mouse shirt and then
you've got these really awesome burgundy
pants and I think they go perfect with
Mickey Mouse huh and then we've got buzz
let your slip-on shoes which we put
socks on because it is kind of chilly
outside and what do you have there
buzz let your Lego but yeah go oh cool
see you're like hitting everything he's
got Pirates of the Caribbean
Mickey Mouse and Buzz and then Stan here
had a Mickey Mouse long-sleeve shirt
with a long sleeve shirt underneath
underneath it as well
hey Olli I'm trying to film your brother
buddy ha ha ha some black pants with
some black leggings underneath it with
the same sparklier slip-on I wish I had
some I know that we could be helpful
I'm a great shoes not boring a dull
think that we're not boring good Union
ah fine all right let's get that board
closes here's a couple kidnap and a girl
and just have fun and just like a nice
evening head Disney because by the time
we get there probably about four or five
and then we'll just have a couple hours
just do a couple rides and have some
dinner
we have made it to Downtown Disney
we actually got here in great timing
what Disneyland does have lots of cotton
candy ha did you see what he just did
this I was vlogging and he said hey guys
he wanted to address the vlog that's
something that our son is doing now you
know easy is okay I know we're in
Downtown Disney now we're going to take
the tram in because it's quick and easy
takes us right into tomorrow and going
like oh so I go so pretty
yeah okay here's the thing Brian always
want to go to later I was like no wine
or nothing in there right
okay well how's the other Lego store I
also have to go potty what do you see
beauty in the piece oh yeah we're going
to go see that soon oh there they are in
Lego form who's that Ollie do you see
Belle I know right this is a sweet Lego
set right here
we have made it into Disneyland and mrs.
got herself a brand-new pair year's
Belle inspired caterpillars are very
like style I got a crown this one's kind
of just a yellow bow we have made our
way into Frontierland what are we
looking for the cheeky route we've never
done the Tiki Room before so we're going
to go check it out all you want to see
some bird you want to see some super
colorful birds let's go see
oh this was a bird
okay always finding things that we
haven't done yet what you want a bird
we're going to see them do strip okay
yeah you see things yeah he's assessing
I know your ear there we go oh my god
that's kind of adorable
he was like a John Doe it doesn't yeah I
know right look at all the people
welcome at water cannon Tiki Room party
Michael Young may go
by
all right you just got out of the
Enchanted Tiki Room Ali what did you
think what did you think about the Tiki
a little scary scary
Whataburger too bad really dark all
right let's go have some fun game so
jizou in is super packed right now
because they're getting ready to do a
parade so we're headed over to celebrate
adventures and they are actually having
a sneak peek preview of eight minutes
eight minutes of video that's amazing
hi so say we watch the peach dragon like
preview there too and it was really cool
to just shows you like a ton of stuff
I'm really excited
look at all the beauty and the beast'
singing whoa that is crazy
Nicki glasses that's cool this guy -
glasses - yeah this is so cool man so
much bdmv stuff like everywhere look at
this babe they have costume costume worn
by Emma Watson SL Beauty and the Beast
and the nut semantically he has no head
ha that is so cool
look over here babe there's the magic
mirror and the rose holy cow get a
detail on that that is amazing
we just saw so much beauty in the beats
I cannot believe amazing like I just
left thinking the whole time please I
want to end it yeah the whole like the
whole beginning like the bell song and
the reprise so amazing I was so amazing
out in without pretty fast do you know
there is death by the engine bay is like
an anime prevent it was a super fun
short trip we did kind of mostly like
walked around and in a couple shows it
was pretty fun simple easy and we're
going to be home before 10:00 tonight
impression oh yes this day and age
basically created now to be kids bed and
it'll be interesting video PC and give
it a thumbs up
you
