we did it we're so manly right I know
he's straddling these it is really for
your head I your video wherever you are
that way ever wanna be big
just fun
together those
humming all right again
good morning buddy what are you doing
right now
are you hanging out in our new truck oh
my goodness look at this these two boys
they're officially country boys oh no no
no no no no get down get down hey you
got to keep that kid in check good
morning guys we are hanging out at Hobby
Lobby and we wanted to show you
something new we got check it out what
do you think babe we've been needing a
truck for a while now because we are
always moving things from the property
moving things to storage asking to
borrow someone else's truck now we
finally have a truck of our own and it's
amazing what do you think ollie on a
scale of 1 to 10 how much do you like
the truck 10 they love playing back here
so that's very convenient and as we were
driving to Hobby Lobby they were totally
fine they were hanging on to the sides
they were sitting down they weren't even
buff to fall out of the back of the
truck at all Oh awesome
you guys like right in the back of the
truck wicked Benny can barely even
control himself
oh no you silly boys yeah here I'll give
you guys a little tour the one thing
that I love about it is you open the
door and that little ledge pops up you
can easily get into it we already have a
star back Starbucks napkins so
officially broken in here it is guys
pretty cool Missy's favorite part
Shawn babe okay the bike that has a nice
large backseat for Cole Savoy uh-huh and
a DVD player it has a DVD player you
guys just so cool what yes so we
actually rated Geoffrey and natalia's
DVD collection because they have one for
their car and they have Lion King you
guys don't even understand that yes it
is like the best thing ever and it's a
block
oh they can't play right oh my god tree
yeah they can't play blu-rays in their
cards so they give it to us to get to
play with in our trunk so it's actually
very nice of them and we love Lion King
and it's not even out yet on Apple TV or
anything so it worked out
hahaha you're done yeah so you excited
to watch Lion King in the truck when we
go places yeah yeah I will say that we
spent the entire time trying to figure
out how that works on the way here and
then finally got it a beautiful day so
this is what we have I will see yes yeah
this is their new truck you guys and we
love it and we have some fun errands to
run today
this kid what did I say boy get down get
down come on what say sorry dad all
right let's go buddy
hop down come on yeah isn't that cool
slide down you can do it you can do it
ah there you go
no Hollywood you find and who's that
Hulk yeah all he loves the super hair
section at Hobby Lobby don't you who
ollie
look behind you oh my gosh Ollie who is
that bb-8 yeah
hey you're gonna watch the new Star Wars
with me when it comes out yeah it's
gonna be pretty cool huh Bucky daddy
yeah yeah yeah you do they just
announced a new name it's called Star
Wars the last Jedi that's gonna be
pretty cool huh yeah
you can't care what he does that's
pretty cool huh okay that's crazy hair
Wow
always buy my wife a Hawaiian King
excited she's so excited because he's
heard the songs all like a thousand
times
but he's never watched they have what
they have a whole kingdom you're right
all right you enjoy Lion King oh yeah
look at us
puttin this truck to work bro I am
officially the person people call when
they need a truck the Johnsons are
buying some new mattresses for the house
and they needed a place to take them so
truck fee of $50 for every 10 minutes
yeah yeah we are officially those people
that we used to ask people all the time
hey can we borrow your truck hey can you
make something up for me okay I need a
truck for something and now we are the
people that supply and we hit it room we
did it so manly right I know he's chose
these it is really for us what are you
doing Oliver it is 60 degrees out here
56 degrees out here
is it sprinklers turn on for Jasper
delight and I caught Ollie playing in
the water you're soaking my dude you're
not what are you doing this - summer yet
kid we have a fun summer huh you are so
funny oh geez
hey it's live all right we're having
some work done on the kitchen today
they're actually painting that brand-new
cabinet that the new fridges in so the
whole house is kind of stank because
they're painting so I gathered up all of
the kiddos and they're hanging out and
the master bedroom sitting on a bed
eating fruit snacks you are what do you
guys be in and what are you watching oh
sure
we got roll and finish joining them -
look how cute these kids are check it
out our cabinet is actually painted oh
so nice it blended in really well with
the rest of everything the door yes I'm
gonna bring about tomorrow I'll paint it
up a little can so that we can be
touch-up
yeah yeah because if you had it
definitely a lot of mixed around here
and nice round one you know yeah you
love it so excited next I actually want
to do this island because it's blue and
I don't know why I chose blue it's kind
of random so I kind of want to just do
it white as well but it's a lot of works
it just happens there's like sand in the
hall and not just like a quick little
soup soup pressing so right let's keep
something like it is so cold out there
it actually reached up in here so all
the windows have to be open we're trying
to air it all out all right guys it is
now getting late and the kids are
actually in bed and as you can tell is
so freezing in this house yeah you can
have it we've had the windows open for
hours now and indifference is almost
Luffman
yeah the smells gone and it's freezing
our house so anyways the kids are in bed
and Brian making us some dinner
mm-hmm my just fresh fettuccine noodles
tonight customer a little bit of garlic
oil and garlic
and then he's got some Omaha Steaks at
least Omaha thousand elastic it's a
really good steak you got some for a
Christmas present from Brian's dad and
they are so good he loves I don't even
in the order yeah they're definitely
like the best Baker ever had frozen yeah
it's the frost really well I feel like
best thing that I've ever cooked at home
yeah although they were frozen and
they're really good sounds really worth
cooking up a little bit of sense to me
and steak and I am working on a few
projects right now I've got my little
craft area over here for the baby shower
that I'm planning so just finishing up
all that nice additives are in bed
though we can just kind of relax there's
been a kind of a busy day we are
watching Netflix a series of unfortunate
events which we have been enjoying a lot
I love the movies I love the books when
I was in school and the TV series just
kind of like cast it in a whole
different light so it's been it's been
really fun to watch and we are eating
some cookies and milk which is the best
thing for after dinner does you agree
caramel but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video be sure to go
check out the ropes music video on my
channel right now link down below in the
description and my album is available
for stream on Spotify and it is
available for purchase on iTunes so
please go check it out thank you guys
for watching and see me again bye
you
