what are you doing buddy you working out
yeah do you give it strong muffled look
like Superman whoever you wanna be
just never
coming all just again
good morning guys are we - good morning
- morning we are just finishing up some
breakfast Brian again some work done and
look at this rainy outside day it's so
cloudy right now clerk at Cana we
haven't shown you he got a little
haircut yesterday so he is like a brand
new shaved dog it's actually supposed to
rain harder than it has all winter long
and it has rained very hard through rain
I think all weekend it is so hard when
you have dogs and especially a puppy
because it just makes going potty like
just so hard and they go out they go
potty they get drunk today come inside
and get mud all over the floor you got
to dry them off and it just gets so old
so fast I love the rain but that is
probably the hardest part about the rain
is dogs and what's hard is that normally
is it raining they would come in on this
door where there's tile but they're
actually not supposed to go over here
because it'll be all muddy they have to
come in the only way to come in is
through carpet basically all my all the
other doors are carpet unless they
permit up to the front yard which I
might be able to do but anyways it just
makes things a little bit more difficult
alright guys I am actually headed into
the DMV my dad was nice enough to drive
me to the DMV because I read my driver's
license has expired
and I'm really nervous because now I
guess I have to take a test I was like
okay I know how to drive guys but you're
not want to take a test again tests are
hard even if you know yourself yeah I
got married I got it I got my temporary
one at least well thank God but I have
to take a do pictures I'm so sad you my
other picture was actually really cute
and today's not doing hair so I'm
wearing a hat you can't wear a hat
not going to be achieved in here
emergency tournament you didn't know
what you have to take your picture
you only have to look at it for like
fitness but I'm really happy Grimstad
well that has to be the fastest
California DMV trip I've ever had it was
actually it was like three weeks it was
it wasn't really that away from like my
appointment which is probably the
hardest part otherwise it takes like
four hours when you go to the DMV I was
having to put it out anyways yeah we in
out and done I am super pumped about
that picture not only does my hair look
ridiculous but I swear to you my eyes
are like this like one eye is smaller
than the other and I was like my eyes
look weird time you can you it's clear
it looks good I don't know why you take
it again I'm like I look like this and
he said no so that's how my guys I just
pictures gonna be for the next five
years or something I love my last one I
sincerely win my last picture when I got
it done and I got my hair straight it
looks so nice I was like I'll pan and it
was like will accuse the old pictures I
know
I'll come here so I can close one I'm so
bummed though but I actually still have
even received my wallet back but when I
lost it because been everything has been
a super pain in the butt
as far as gaming well as I saw I was
really nice I actually have a license
that is renewed and good to go but
really bummed out that picture I'm home
and the kids Ollie and Peyton just went
and woke up Finn actually he was already
awake and I was like hey guys go check
on him
you tell him I was on my way they were
trying to figure out how they were going
to get him out here and paying good I
have an idea Mickey come here we need
you hi did you see an arrow
yes I watched you hi baby
come here
hi a female munchkin hi yukky you need
to play with your brother
oh hello guys I have had a pretty crazy
day I had a bunch of stuff to get done
in my office this morning and then I was
at the bank for two hours I was stuck at
something for two hours
who does that why I don't know it was
insanity I was driving myself crazy it
was very painful but I'm home now
and I gotta say that this weather is so
amazing it's reminding me of all misty
mountain it's pretty crazy
we are preparing for one of the worst
storms we've had in a long time
for California so that's what's
happening supposedly like I'm spying on
me and Ollie she's filming a video right
now asking him questions and when I was
going he looks like he's enjoying
himself
all right you guys I think we're
venturing out into this crazy rain only
did you see all this rain crazy huh
yeah it's raining so hard it is yeah you
ready to go on adventure in it okay we
basically pulled out of the driveway and
all I saw sleep and I can't be Finn but
I'm guessing somehow quieted musically
too so if anything this little trip out
of the house is giving them a little bit
of nap and as a break because they were
running around the house and going crazy
but yeah we're driving in pretty crazy
rain right now not terrible right I mean
just crazy eh I'm going under the super
yeah it sounds a smart everywhere in
California drives really really slow if
it's green hills are supporting us are
you yeah a little bit scary the rain is
coming down and I heard it's not when
it's not for like the entire weekend
should be interesting refund
it's obviously California needs it
we're not complaining but pretty crazy
out here were actually headed to the
store and grab some sponge stuff for
some fun stuff that we're doing tomorrow
I don't know how much I can say but it's
going to be a lot of fun I'm excited all
right we're getting ready so I unwrapped
all eight for the shoes on everything so
that we can just grab them and go
I'll call get Finn seeing you come here
always going to sleep like this what
have we stumbled into all these
literally been asking for us for every
day dragon that's so funny look at this
one ice two heads only you don't know
how to look at Aaron ice that it's
pretty dang cool huh got a big old mouth
and wings huh that's pretty cool
well we're not buying things for you
right now we're buying things for Bailey
we're actually helping Jessica and
Bailey start a really fun Channel so
we're getting some goodies to get them
started and we're going to film tomorrow
you want to film tomorrow is Bailey okay
Olli maybe if you're really good okay
you're gonna have to talk to mom about
that please so please so oh my goodness
pouring rain out there you see that only
we got you the dragon huh cuz you say
you're gonna eat all your dinner I'd
help momma clean the playroom tonight oh
I'm and the clean all the poop up in the
backyard
yep she said he would do a lot of things
there really tens ourselves like okay
yeah okay okay we got to go out into the
terrain okay okay put it above your head
stop the rain and here we go oh my gosh
it's pouring rain we made it yeah we got
to leave the store and we know spin
didn't have any shoes on turned out he
had taken them off while he was in the
store so Missy went to go find them
because there was a buzz Toy Story shoes
we definitely don't want to lose those
and she was like you can him just come
pick me up except he not found because
she has the key silly mama huh yeah
seriously the crazy start pouring nuts
off that's all I heard yeah I had to
tell her that I she has the key if you
have the key did you find the shoes yeah
I got him they were literally both in
the aisle that we were at and there it
is sitting there on the ground
oh gee Sam all right next up his target
and they think we had a Starbucks so we
drinking some hot chocolate
you got a dragon and hot chocolate huh
shaping up to be a pretty good day innit
very good mm-hmm how much okay yeah
all right Ollie time to pick a
toothbrush you're due for a new one
which one you want do you see all the
different kinds they have Mickey Nemo
Disney Princesses peanuts Star Wars
minions Avengers Super Mario trolls
frozen which one you want Wow oh I say
it says for kids it's an electric
toothbrush do you think you'd like that
it doesn't even have a dinosaur on it's
just purple all right you got to choose
one only which one do you want
you want another Star Wars one or do you
want troll I think you got your tiny
cowboy
Captain America one that's pretty cool
huh yeah
what did toothbrushes do ollie
and what do they get rid of chuggabug at
night you have to gather all the sugar
bugs that eat junkies alive what are you
doing buddy
you working out do you give it strong
muscles and look like Superman look at
these two working on Legos together so
cute
look at our car you guys it's so cool
just the last bag one more bag what are
you playing with Olli now this is a
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse or oh is the
beach house huh that's so cool and
Mickey and Donald are hanging out in a
boat that's fun who's that oh gosh goofy
this is a cool little beach house like
window opens doors open okay what Missy
made you guys groaning with all that
craziness behind me as we're watching
Doctor Strange which is definitely
strange and a little weird for Molly so
what you got there babe Mason made more
decorations and that's like this
literally has no is that there's just so
much like decorative little pieces that
seem weird but when you put them
together you're like hey and there's a
mere is that the fairest mirror of them
all okay Mir
you want being a slack thanks for
watching guys if you enjoy today's video
be sure hey guys me yes you do be sure
to give it up thumbs up right are you
little prick a lat you little stuffed up
I mean a boy your nose think you do what
are you doing oh you just wiped your
nose on my forehead he's nuts awesome
hashtag dad live alright thanks for
watching guys we'll see you manana we
have a fun day tomorrow all right what
do you say
you
