we just finished dinner and Missy wanted
to jump in the pool the freezing cold
pool freezing closer yeah no don't do it
don't know do it don't do it don't shut
up let her do it one two three wherever
you are
hello
oh yeah talking
coming all just again
hello from glorious Hawaii so good I
just played Jeffery a cornhole
oh right here okay you're done bro
you're shot let's say that it's your
wife Priscilla not your own we're
walking in the grass the area over at
the resort it is a lot hotter today so
we're going to be spending a lot of time
outside walk out over here ouch secret
Hawaiian spot right here what's going to
happen what's gonna happen check this
out we just found an ancient Hawaiian
statue so nice
this is the lagoon that the Four Seasons
shares would be Aulani
yeah I remember that so pretty out here
so cool it's like a secret little spot
there's like no one else here
this is Collina and there's so many like
volcanic rocks and like little tide
pools here alright guys we've been doing
out at the pool all day and it has been
absolutely amazing but we have not even
felt the water like the ocean and we've
like barely touched feeling this every
time we touch stance we're havin
Hawaiian yeah so we thought we gotta at
least hurts the water before we leave
and before the day is over
so we're going to go check out this
Hawaiian water right now that's a Lani
right right over there we stayed there
two months ago I was feeling it's going
to be cold
yeah it's January it's not gonna be that
one okay here we go
our toes down okay we were just saying
though that it's probably warmer than
California water I mean look how
beautiful and clear it is though so
pretty I feel like I need to just get in
I did
good encouragement it is so unlike me
bond is going to do it I'm going to go
in I have to go in all the way this is
one and water let's do this buddy
sitting back there in honor it goes
I have
thank you for car that was being
prescribed compared to that this is one
oh yeah well I was in the hot tub
there's no engine this one little
poisoning so I always get adjusted which
will be really creepy and then again is
there some of you guys woman it is this
is informal yeah it's nice one this is
the infinity pool of the fourth season
alright guys I just got back to the
hotel been hanging out at the pool all
day and it's so amazing just to get to
relax with Missy and with our friends I
came to our room and there was something
waiting for me and I have no idea what
it is but it looks like Mike that's like
a blue sugar and I'm pretty sure these
are like swedish fish that's amazing how
many one all swedish fish covered in
sugar oh heck yeah that's amazing and it
looks like there's a message in a bottle
so I'm gonna open it see what it says
let's grab this bottle I'm going to pull
through it's like Oh see what it says it
says you're invited to celebrate the
birthday of Bryan Lanning at our Fish
House restaurant at 5:30 p.m. Monday the
23rd of January dress code beach chic be
prepared to fill the stand between your
toes what so I just got an invitation to
go to my own birthday party dinner
tonight at the fish house which is where
we're going to go to dinner anyway
be prepared to feel the sand between
your toes that's amazing oh my gosh I
can't wait I wondered connected
they're already resistant with it be
chic
yeah he goes Beach can't really be
really on the place right now
you
women
in
here's your birthday and Hawaii
who
all right dinner has arrived I'm eating
the most tender piece of mahi mahi I've
ever had in my life and it's amazing and
Missy is about to dig in to some of
Jeffrey and Tau's Brussels sprouts
uh-huh I've never had my entire life
you're doing so good though you're
trying new things you think oh I believe
no mrs. being so adventurous and full
strip dragna them a really harm I'm so
proud of you babe she's eating that
right now I just got to go for you guys
want to send your mom when she's doing
so good
over here with her steak and french
fries Cowell was adventurous and got
just whatever the chef's want to make
her which was delicious that's like
every suite you can think of huh oh my
god
thank you guys you guys just know me so
well thank you
check out this dessert they just brought
me you guys
hashtag a happy birthday Bryan and it's
got all my favorite social media sites
all around it is so nice that was so
good away from my sister Jocelyn I know
that is so cool strawberry lemon chiffon
cake you guys
we just finished dinner and Missy wanted
to jump in the pool the freezing cold
pool freezing cold oh you're gonna get
soaking wet I mean why not okay go for
it
I've actually done a couple of times in
sound conceited in Boise Idaho already
yeah no don't do it don't do it don't do
it
shut up let her do it one two three
the
you okay there babe
yeah no you're gonna get in trouble
they're like you wanna sign you guys to
my name why did you do that
does that felt good it feels good oh
that's cold
I like my sister
you
