what do you soon okay Finny I love you
nothing else big that made a smile my
name wherever you are that ever wanna be
inside
just running around you know
are you coming no I could
come to every
good morning guys from sunny LA we are
ish it's very funny
we're in downtown Los Angeles right now
had my show yesterday so we stayed here
last night and medium public took the
voice back home so that they could be
home but today we get to explore la for
a little bit and it's kind of craziness
happening right now also contain DNA is
like no dummy and these guys yesterday
was like wrenching and gray it's
beautiful beautiful weather so it's a
great day to be out here walking the
streets but is legal building look at
that sky in the building I'm so cool
this on ourselves in an urban outfitters
we're waiting to get some lunch at her
mommy
there's a bit of a weight rushing out
yes
mostly relaxing though
we have finally made it through ooh
mommy
cheesy God and those look amazing
they're filled with cheese and potato
that's so cool
this is like the coolest mom ever my
sister's never been for less we have to
go here you got you guys our almost
three but it's nowhere because all the
food is so good we have fried Brussels
sprout wings and I'm so excited have a
banana welcome
well good morning guys actually it's not
morning it's afternoon we just got back
from running some errands and now we're
doing some lines Holly what are you
eating
oh my god so cute toys oh well you're
not eating those are you no no I got no
pay yo you got some play-doh at what
color is it
I mean it's kind of like yellow it's
orange yeah oh yeah and what are you
eating for lunch and then ICT can
suddenly be manners me H oh oh jeez
right if you want to swap out oh they
did now my guy give me um dude okay okay
let's check on mr. fini over here all
right then oh I think he has actually
regular milk and what are you eating yet
same thing his brother that's right he's
got mac and cheese bananas and oranges
so yet whatever good day we're just
running some errands and doing things
around the house you're gonna take a big
bite yeah let me see I want to see you
take a big bite okay what do you do if
it's hot you blow on it yeah okay oh I
want it oh look it okay that guys come
as a helping you whatever falls on the
thing yeah that's what we're doing today
probably kicking around the house I
don't know what mommy and daddy
you're doing all right you guys so we
are now at the airport because my sister
is going back home sad but I figured
since we're here hey you guys see we're
here taking my sister to the airport
yeah should we maybe go somewhere I mean
I've been early knew a Hawaii it is your
birthday
it has been really cold in California
way we do testify to get to get through
security
we might as well be singing I think it's
a Hawaii what am I getting you kid I
mean your mom and dad are watching them
and they were having a great time
was it your birthday yeah my mama yeah
happen to so and it's very very weird so
it all kind of just I should we just got
Hawaii good my like um you know what how
do you happy birthday Ricardo and here
we go to Idaho Lulu just kidding hi look
at this blanket Missy just ah it's like
so fluffy and rock so jumpy I can't wait
to smuggle in it on the plane snuggle
mix the towel right because you're not
you're not goes back to me like it's my
birthday
hi ollie like you dead
ah so what are you doing oli I miss you
oh it's broken
okay oh you got Karen not accurate
enough I was fine sapphire either
exploit Oh Oh fine it's Plato fire you
made a fire first you owe me papa
I'm so confused
where am I going
Hawaii Oh
maybe soon okay means that you're gonna
go further
yeah me and daddy and let's get outta
here
so cutie but I wouldn't go to anyway
with you we'll take up this Empire
Holly we'll see you really soon okay
Pacific please they're putting play-doh
onna on the screen hey Ally I love you
hey he's good and be good for Mimi and
Papa
okay can I see your brother real quick
where's mr. Finnigan Oh easy Andy hi
buddy
how you be good oatmeal love that Oh
meow the messiest meal
what are you doing okay Kenny I love you
big that made a smile all right what
time is it
what are we doing here got any Mimi
gonna feed the fish there's a time for
his dinner you ate your dinner now it's
time to hit all ready put some in this
yeah I'll just put a couple more in
there right okay that's too much too
much too much too much what happens if
you give a fish too much food they get
sick right yeah so you get to pour that
amount into the hole and feed your fishy
okay yeah okay I see if she goes up
there he doesn't go to eat okay there we
go
there you go hashtag yay meeting good
counter shot good job ollie all right do
you want to goodbye
very nice log what should they do
and thank you
yeah give it a thumbs up right and
subscribe looks cuticle duffer and what
do you say I do
we just got to our room here in Hawaii
and we had the salon fight yeah and
we're so tired it's called I think like
Chu am in California right now so we're
very very exhausted but we are so
excited to be in Hawaii and we get a
really good night's sleep easily worth
enjoying opened up look at this
the weather is like amazing it's so warm
no yeah as soon as I got off the plane
and I we were outside I was like really
this is amazing and then we walked in
and check this out we walked into our
room and it literally said happy
birthday Brian and the first thing I see
is I'm like wait did that make it it's
really it's a picture of our kids we did
not cement them whatsoever I don't know
how they got that picture and it says
Ollie and Finley said enjoy your
vacation I don't even know how they knew
that they weren't coming
look you play the dirty artisans work my
gosh yeah so cool
well hot vitamin C welcome to the place
of joy congratulations on your birthday
wishing an amazing day with us ah that's
so crazy like look like know one
sentence to them I don't know I'm like
I'm so happy we have a picture of our
board
how is thank you sighs a food wait is it
oh my gosh Chris chocolate I could eat
it oh that I was eight oh you can take
the picture okay
I was going to the bar the chocolate
don't need to picture those we care
about one thing though uh-huh how come
Hawaii closes it down at 7 p.m.
oh they want you to go to bed early I
think wake up early breakfast that's a
coffee bar opens at violin like that
oh don't mind me just sitting on our
chase in Hawaii on our patio even great
this is pretty amazing
look it feels so good to be here in
Hawaii you feel like we've worked really
super hard these last couple weeks this
was planning for the show and the meet
and greet finishing the album and now
that's all done we kind of have a couple
of days to reset ourselves I'm really
looking forward to it you know very
mm-hmm we have to hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did we shared it
with a thumbs up and subscribe and leave
a comment and if you have not got my new
album is now available on iTunes link
down below in the description thank you
guys for watching see manana
you
