yes my new album is now out it's been
like a year-long journey ever since I
released my EP basically just started
working on an album and it's really
personal I have a lot of stories about
my scene I that you've never heard
before
so bad in you albums out now go get it I
thought I tone it should be on Google
Play and Amazon as well right now too so
please go get it
I appreciate it
wherever you are that way ever wanna be
inside
just wanna you know
just again
I'm too happy
moving buddy what are you doing
petting noona oh you guys are so cute
she didn't bite you
she's a she ollie good morning Luna Luna
had a bath this morning because when I
put her outside to go potty
it was raining she got really muddy now
she's all clean yeah now she's nice and
clean this is what we woke up to wetness
no kami
thank you oh you can't lean down a
little wet
that's okay it'll dry off okay so I've
been hiding in this present from Brian
and his birthday and we are leaving in a
couple hours long walk okay I can't
believe you go there's a girl it says
caution oh it's fun ball what are you
getting at baby should maybe fire
look the birthday boy is making me lunch
all be careful because it is flammable
this is for you
happy birthday a little robot fun
Jeffrey oh oh I hear you need enough
time in Apple and you time okay ah I got
a computer does what Apple watch edition
white ceramic
oh my god I can't read me self good
difference about this number
no way we're not elevated Wow dude look
at that but it's so cool to have to go
do you want to see you nintendo white oh
it's so pretty
so what's the difference it's made out
of ceramic so that means no ceramic that
is soaked like what you need very milky
right now it's made out of white ceramic
all pretty got it now can I have a black
one our white one where lunch was on III
yeah yeah you mean rotten I know I
shouldn't never be late oh yeah it's
like not white just match it up yeah the
band's like a gray cloud family in
whenever you're gonna match my shoes so
good all this all right they threw
together some milky for you yeah a
little bit of freedom
happy birthday to me hello guys yes just
put together quick lunch and alfredo
sauce seriously I'm so it's like about
this white Apple watch that's so cool
and it's seriously going to look so good
on stage tomorrow performing I'm
performing tomorrow albums officially
out tomorrow it will be released on
iTunes tonight at 8 p.m. welcome people
getting out six hours yeah people in New
Zealand are to have it not crazy by the
time you guys are watching this my album
is out so go get it like double our that
has got that so excited so since we've
been home we had a little dog trainer
come over and we've been working with
Luna this was her first like technical
cause and so it was really fun to kind
of start her in some training I didn't
like the next month or two she'll be
like really really good I'll Misha so
that's really really cool is to get to
be able to start that kind of thing
early and to know like we're going to
have such a well trained dog it can be
really fun
now I'm gonna go check on my chicken
Molly you know how you are with chicken
it's just not why are you girls doing
everyone's good they still do hang up
here a lot but I'm kind of at the point
where I'm going to stop feeding them up
here because I don't think that they're
actually like afraid anymore they are
out they like go and hang out outside
and they'll walk next to each other no
one's like messing with each other
picking I think they just really prefer
to be up here so no as long as they're
eating and drinking then I don't really
mind them being up here just to make
sure to actually turn themselves I think
we got one egg you think I've been
slacking I've got a few a dinner no a
while well on my age all right you guys
what do you think new Apple watch
ceramic white I love it I love this be
in color it's like grayish whitish tan
it's really cool what do you think Ben
hi mr. Finnigan do you like that evening
watch her use her to put something in my
hand oh he was trying to put this in my
hand I saw Missy come out of the room
with an old dress that she wore a long
long time ago so she's up to something
yes or something if you guys don't know
where I was instead I'm not going to
tell you but it says did Colonel Brett
and I just cut the sleeve off oh my gosh
I was really nervous about what I'm
making I'm still working on my project
it's actually really close to being done
and I think it looks pretty cute okay
I'm really nervous
you cut your nice dress I did cut in
there's a lot more I'm really Bob
rhyming over like a lot more of it oh
cool dress I mean I do fully apply mesh
in another way like anything like
tomorrow night you can get an outfit
tomorrow by the way for my show my yes
good oh very much yeah wait are you
surprising me wait are you gonna like
walk in the shower naked or something
yeah you're gonna be close yeah okay
let's go Jenna she's still working on
her project we'll see
Luna has been taking it so easy today
she went to the vet today and had two
vaccinations and they made her very
drowsy look how cute she's being she's
being such a good puppy
she also had a week one of training
today and it went so well she's
seriously such a smart dog she picked up
on everything almost right away and I'm
just super proud of her because she's
becoming a good little family dog okay
I'm gonna stop messing with her let her
get some rest
oh my goodness it's freezing out here
look at the scale what do you guys do it
oh good Finn you're picking up poo poo
for daddy
I should probably mount this up high
okay let's actually let go of that so
that's pretty great all right we have
all the CM shelves lined up right now we
got a BC cream soda we got damn Oreo
thin and my new album us is available
now it's available you guys that's me
and that's me and the album is called us
so go get it link down below in the
description and since it just came out
I'm signing even more CDs because we
sold out of the entire first batch so if
you want to get yourself a signed CD go
get it now because I guarantee you these
ones will also sell out very quickly
link is down below in the description
look at that signature bro yeah looks
good right Geoffrey's always making fun
of me because my signature he says it's
lazy but it's not it's a signature no I
think the first one you do is beautiful
and then you get
that is not true I put so much you love
okay some last names may have three to
four and I'm just trying to give the
people more for their money okay I just
came over here and fin was being so
three tonight he handed her a little toy
and then gave her a huge hug it was so
cute
I hate characters okay you go huh sorry
so sweet he's like so cute with her he's
definitely a dog can you love puppies
take his mama
well very funny
all right kiddos how's your dinner good
what do we in the sea got the kids
alphabet chicken again and I am super
jealous so I made myself some and I'm
really excited to eat these whoa how
does happen do you see that it's a sign
I was like I just want a couple of
chicken nuggets that it randomly
happened yeah I mean that would it took
forever to dig through that bag to find
these two I didn't do that I have time
for that you want to see it says row you
can win chicken nuggets totally random
and not planned at all just pull them
out of microwave fine they say us gonna
say preorder it now by now it's about
what up you gotta admit you guys that's
a pretty good promo right there I mean
if you haven't got the album by now I
mean come on you're missing out I mean
come on sorry guys I had to ha ha
that's will should be a WN so something
very sad but also kind of humorous
happened pin hit Missy in the eye with a
shovel and I'm coming to check and see
if she's okay
oh are you okay babe I don't blame her
really it's all I could cry hurt
somebody so we actually hit me with it
to his mind really let me see like what
am i speaking oh my oh my gosh it's
bruising what have a black eye in the
show tomorrow oh my god it's like was
running like I had chosen Biden how
about our group I like children rushing
down my bias oh my god I'm freaking
Hatcher already literally went BAM
did you hear yes I did I felt really bad
big no-no detachable clearly thinks that
that was hilarious
all right you guys my album has been out
for one hour
finally yeah I got a little notification
that says your pre-order is now a little
but I like the wait bunch of you've been
getting it and thank you guys so much
for your support
just open up iTunes this is what we see
look this on on the small page of I tune
my cool on top album number six right
now how crazy is that babe
yeah that really is crazy you jumped so
fast - yeah that was pretty incredible
thank you guys for that that's really
amazing so cool
I can't believe not only your face with
my face is all I know
ah yes my new album is now out it's been
like a year-long journey ever since I
released my EP basically just started
working on an album and it's really
personal I had a lot of stories about
missing eye that you've never heard
before that you get to hear them in a
whole new way really intense is mine
that I like sting on but I also like
talk on it's very personal in it like
yeah I think it's so hard those of you
about the album do not listen to scars
without listening to second chances
listen the second chance and then scars
right out now I don't seem to any of the
sauce up up in out of worries yeah
through and you'll be way more invested
I do
and you'll be labeling us isn't really
crazy start yeah it's really intense I'm
so proud of you
okay and it's your birthday tomorrow's
my birthday but it's basically your
birthday you scream em birthday you're
gonna have the most amazing birthday
party ever
there's gonna be a lot of people at my
birthday party yeah performing tomorrow
and I don't know how long how much
longer tickets are gonna be available
but if you haven't got them and you want
them I just get them now because I don't
know how long that's going to work for
but performing tomorrow in LA that's
gonna be so fun yeah cuz you crazy this
is crazy this is crazy to watch we do
this we've done this now like three
years in a row yeah basically and this
is like the craziest one yeah just weird
14 thumbs there's one song yeah it all
started with one song no albums out now
go get it I thought I Tunes it should be
on Google Play and Amazon as well right
now - so please go hit it I appreciate
it but that's all for today's video I
hope you enjoyed it if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up subscribe let us
know in the comments below or your
favorite song off the element and we
will see him in yet I hit refresh and
then this happened
number two down thank you guys
you're amazing go get it goodbye
you
