boy hey look who came to join us you
gonna find some CDs bro yeah I am and
good job babe
wherever you are top lever wanna be that
big
are you coming or cutting here
I am alone
I'm Trevor
I'm fine good morning all he's got a
magic wand using casting spells on me
all day haven't you
what's your favorite smell magic wad now
they look whoever have he with that yeah
zombie I don't know where he has gone
but all he found him this morning
what is Ami's do Ollie simply they eat
brain yeah you're gonna eat your brain
no oh no oh no he's getting close to
your brain yes good morning guys how's
it going
we have a busy day ahead of us okay
you're gonna come hang out with Jeffrey
and I as we run some errands we got to
go to the post office we got to go to
Staples to get pen so we can sign CDs
excited signed CDs what yep nice right
Oh power super power all right family
yeah that would be cool no you're gonna
hang out with us we're gonna run some
errands okay
what okay excited what you look cute
today
yeah hi guys dude yes you do you got
done trying to shake huh Finn has been
asleep for two and a half hours I
thought that 10:00 a.m. it is now 12:30
crazy I swear this kid will sleep when I
want him or he'll wake up when I wanted
to sleep enough good
he'll sleep when I just wanted to wake
up because I have so much to do today
and I thought Omer was on for an early
napped he'll get up and then we can go
and get some stuff done and then I can
even put him down for a second naps and
here it is now 12:30 and I seriously
have to go and I think I'm gonna have to
wake them up which sucks so much but
others really I just have to do it I
just had done some
baby did you sleep on two hours long
baby I wanted like that yesterday so you
really needed it and he woke up in like
45 minutes and then today I'm like okay
well maybe if you just take the
45-minute nap I can print done per
second I mean I could do it I found up I
bet you would probably oh you were hard
to sleep off a good QT is all right
let's get you just so we can get going k
sorry I had to wake you up
hey oli we're going to lunch lunch is
the mill you eat in the middle of the
day right what's the meal you eat right
when you wake up no breakfast
what's the meal you eat right before bed
and no dinner and I've been trying to
teach them about the three mils of the
day because no matter when he's hungry
he always says I want dinner and I'm
like did your sponsor level eater has a
penis
oh really but she really wants dinner
and breakfast like she asked me for
macaroni and cheese
then 49 coming yeah but right now I
headed to lunch
it took forever because we were getting
what we're going to large it took
forever because we were getting all the
cars clean we had to wait till they were
done but now we're running errands but
first we are grabbing oh you got your
lunch what are you eating for lunch
buddy
whoa lives here you got a cool little
boy and you got glasses can you see
better although three so everything's in
3d hmm is your lunch good Olli and you
got juice yeah we got all the kids lunch
they are situated at the kids table
you don't really often are meeting us
here right now
hey Liv you rock see this I'm behind you
it says you rock and Missy has arrived
with burrito in hand
burritos make life just a little bit
better which means Finn is here oh
really
no look at then sit with all the big
kids huh you doing good buddy
this tables a little bit crazy
this is the same table all right we have
made it to the post office we are
shipping a bunch of stuff to some
friends I've got Finn on my back there
somewhere I actually have a bunch of
things I need to pick up total traffic
so we're killing two birds with one
stone and get things done you never mind
why they're closed they're closed Olli
yeah love wait the time huh yeah okay
forget it with the holiday
by the way happy Martin Luther King Day
hey bro how do my own Luther King Day
Martin's convenient so I ended up
leaving with my family and we went to
Hobby Lobby and I got a bunch of stuff
but then the boys all ditched me and
left me with Natalia and the girls
basically I got a bunch of stuff that
I've been needing to get for the baby
shower that I've been kind of talking
about me about the other day and I'm
really excited about it so me and tal
have been kind of planning it together I
got a bunch of stuff that we needed a
few things for the house to I got like
some I don't know what they are like
greenery to go in like bases and stuff
so should be fun I got some fun stuff in
these baskets and I'm just trying to get
everything together because we have a
busy week ahead of us and a lot to do so
here we go so I just got back to the
house and I found a present from Amazon
and I want to show you guys the card
says happy early birthday man hope you
can find many ways to use this ctrl alt
delicious love : k DM g and b dub look
what Cohen sent me you guys the keyboard
waffle iron the waffle iron that makes
keyboard shaped waffles control all
delicious
so it's basically a waffle iron and it
makes like a keyboard how cool is that
the box is actually hilarious too when
you open it it has a little quote here
that says keyboard waffles are
significantly more fun than regular
waffles science Thank You coletek Katie
for the gift love it and can't wait to
see you guys soon as soon as we get home
also the kids beg for bread they just
like to eat sliced bread
do you love bread yeah yeah pretty yummy
snack you're going to cut it into like a
little bread circle this positions up
ooh this is actually the greatest bread
ever it's called grandma sycamores
homemade bread you can't even get it in
California my sister ships us this from
Idaho and it's so good for sandwiches
and stuff so all three dogs have been
playing out here for a couple of days
now and they all have such a blast
together including these two Molly and
Luna are so cute together
karma tends to stay out of it
hi Luna hi girl oh you playing with
Molly get her get her get her get her
I don't get Molly like pins her down she
got you she got you
they're so cute molly is like eating
Luna how to play and I just I think
that's adorable
alright we've got a couple different
projects going on tonight Missy and
Natalia are cutting up soap into little
squares yes why are we doing that we are
making our upcoming because I make
homemade soap you just cut up though
this is the first step okay okay Taiyo
is easy and cellphone-free like good
that's like how you wanna do it yeah
we're just saying so and then you're
melting they're gonna melt in the
microwave
honey second into hell Wow it's all the
different like all your like different
oil oils yeah like so yeah I know look
cool I got colors into it
alrighty myself on the other hand I'm
going to be working with Jeffrey tonight
on signing physical copies of us yes we
are selling signed copies already pulled
a bunch of driver-side I can sign a
bunch so we can stock up the store with
these you guys want to get your hands on
a signed copy of us check out the link
down below in the description and of
course it is still available for
pre-order on iTunes which you can do as
well so go check it out you ready do it
do it look at all these white markers we
got we bought every single white marker
they had and I'm talking online yeah and
you have to shake it really good maybe
we should just shake one at a time the
previous 10 I think they're paint it's
basically like a pink marker this is
going to be looking really cool it's
gonna joke let's do it
all right you guys Missy has just joined
the mix we are both sciences because
mrs. Alma city you can say no apparently
I decided yes missus verifying that I
just finished signing 300 CDs in those
three boxes so that's all for the album
release party and these are all the CDs
that we are selling on my store Bryan
Lanning music.com
so if you want one of these Rick that
link down below in the description
because my beautiful signatures on it
and now Miss u-haul riders on it slowing
down the conveyor belt see it's like a
conveyor belt we got going on house
helping Jeffries helping the kids are
helping mixing the playrooms who can
actually get it done what do you think
about this building like pretty crazy a
year in the works and now it's here
please to really suspect it we're
signing actually a physical copy CDs and
that are like a real hard cases and its
really up I'll bet it just the paint on
the other side yes it is a age like oh
my god it's our story baby I know it's
pretty cool I told righty there you go I
heard just saw and I said why can't you
write me a song like that and I see
girls as well 14 14 of them yeah he
gives me challenge and then I still won
out that basically oh hey look who came
to join us you gonna find some CDs bro
let's find one we'll make this the lucky
fin CD and hopefully he doesn't mark the
table you want to sign oh he's like I
should just be responsible okay
you gonna do it yeah I and and good job
and bad guys
well we gotta have always find that one
yeah Holly you want to find some CDs
Olly Peyton - I love you're gonna sign
it Olli is right next to Olli i right -
let me help you
good job Olli will have Ollie sign a
couple of random ones so you guys are
surprised so if you go buy one you got
to do another one
all right here sign this one he's got it
good that's good all a good job looks
like a pile of rocks
oh you're painting oh you guys got a
fingerprint fingerprint to that finale
Oh Oliver Oliver oh my gosh his rooms a
mess he had so much fun today
where's Ollie where is Ollie I wonder
where he is
I can't find him anywhere okay
what are these feet just floating in the
air various pina I walk he says good
night vlog Tom sweet dreams
oh hey see you tomorrow all right it's
time to put this kid to bed but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
did give it a thumbs up and subscribe
leave a happy friendly comment below go
check out all those links and we'll see
you manana
there that's not five poop silly say
bye-bye
dog say five loops silly all right I
guess I'm saying five books tonight K
all right we'll see you guys when Jana
buy a game
you
