our subject presents himself - all you
want the spaghetti you want it it's all
over you - you uh you got something in
your hand whatever you owe that Weber
wanna be big
Wow
funny
coming home to you
good morning we just got out of church
and all you did so good in Sunday school
this morning
oh yeah you didn't fall down on the way
back to the car huh
you did so good you wait - honey hold it
keep it and you played with all the
sleep if you like it I give you don't we
know Cleveland just big rocks we you
were living with us all right
we put the voice in Sunday school this
morning and then what kind of circle
biology so get out so proud and
surprised the opposite how we're loading
the kids we're gonna meet everyone for
lunch but we had a really good a church
today what how about you be a dragon on
be a dragon no I was I went wow he wants
a big dragon you guys what Harry Potter
has something now that churches out we
are headed to lunch we're going to meet
up with the judges and eat some yummy
food yeah we already talked about you
falling down lonely visit did it hurt
yeah I think you are okay though you
didn't even cry anyways yeah I'm
starving I feel like every time turns
out you're always like dying of
starvation and anything sounds good but
where's it go so early I mean Lisa
there's that pita yummy he is going to
town haunted
so you look for the people are you
eating your pizza yes you are you being
good oh my gosh we have to talk about
that again anyways we're having some
broken pizza we're at garage love it is
like what anything wrong
Santino Hubbard this is a little piece
of monster huh like your visa Missy is
having some kitchen organizing fun today
on this Sunday fiestar's my sister I
visited I just redid all the years it's
kind of cool because I was when we're
using like a third of this yeah totally
this one my fights are like this which I
really I like it but I kind of want to
get it maybe all same matching yeah
magic fighting all good creamy yeah love
these are so old to forever ain't no
more in the cabinet yeah
they needed a little snack so he's
munching cool you kiddies like Oh what
is it
kiss so cute and he's such a good eater
give them food you happy amazing it's
been a really chill Sunday Jeffrey and
the girls are sleeping that's just funny
because they don't have a houston eopns
with a nap in our house that's it
hey ollie I think that's a little too
close to the TV
silly why you go sit on your couch you
like me in that close to the TV
you're gonna go blind
that's what my mom used to tell me if
you stand that close to the TV I think
there was a study that came out actually
that debunked that so that's not true
you can just as close to you want to TV
and nothing will happen
all right we are still in the kitchen
and we are so organized and stuff but
Brian actually was like you know what we
should get official organization for our
drawers and so he's been going through
all the drawers and he's on the school
website
I used mentioning that he's almost cool
website where he actually is building
like inserts exact inserting oxide
inserts for
everything so like I already organized
the drawer but he basically got this but
in a better for like this is kind of
cool but it would be nice the way he's
doing it and like staying with all of
this so it's kind of like this is like
the design that we're going to do but
it'll be like built-in to the cabinet
sort of so I'm really really excited
about I think it's gonna look really
good this one doesn't won't have one
this will have a separate one yeah he's
been working on that just a few hours
and I am actually making dinner we're
going to have spaghetti tonight because
pretty sure that's like one of the
easiest nails to make but I guess I'm
just going to go for it and we have
Molly here which is so fun because she
is such a sweet dog she's a little bit
of like a scared dog which she's always
been like that since the day they got
her but I've always wanted to take her
in it chase
Mogi like okay oh if you guys go just
keep like yeah and learner's over here
oh it should be a nice oh good she's
just a little crazy huh Luna has to be
sometimes a little tied up more
contained just so that the kids don't
get like trampled or eaten but all
you'll still come over here and play
with her you're not scared of her huh no
she gets a little crazy but she doesn't
mean to be mean you want to play a game
Oh what are those it's your hand yeah
okay okay I'll pick this one no no okay
I'll take this one okay then what were
you going to give me what's the game can
you be seen
EB so sing hahahaha we are eating
spaghetti and Ben is already covered in
it isn't he oh oh you got some right
there
YUM so Finn was making quite a mess of
this spaghetti wasn't he yeah it's all
over him and it was all over there it
all over down there
thankful yes it was very stressful but
you know what I considered all this a
work of art all of this is just like a
piece of art
yeah yeah should we cover him in
spaghetti okay
I think we do no look at all that
spaghetti he clearly wants to be covered
in it right then is it a good exfoliant
for the body our subject presents
himself - hair fed you want home
spaghetti oh you want the spaghetti you
want it it's all over you later
a rainbow oh my god what we got yeah we
got something what do you got some big
what's wrong oh you what is it what is
it here what did your hair what are
you're right what you got on you it oh
it felt kind of like the dogs are loving
this game no more now you're quite a man
now you really mean spaghetti sauce
wrapped Yama's oh you're like orange bro
- you uh you got something in your hand
huh Joey King yeah he does ah daddy was
having too much fun with them I
and that means I'm on shower duty what
Olli
yeah
we did get some new background pie okay
there they all are
I put a tutti fruitti one in your back
okay yeah it's not like a lots of
different fruits how's it smell good you
want to get in oh you guys take that off
first time yeah oh I might take a while
then I'm going to be on it you kind of
look like an oompa loompa if you do is
horn yeah you you're all orange all
right all the boys are now clean and
fresh and it is time for a bedtime dance
party
then that was some very good dancing my
son looks like he's all in there he's
like oh did you just show the world my
dance moves
yes this can can get movie
what yeah your spin moves on sleep bro
yeah let me see you struck muffled oh
these kids are so cute just about that
time huh yeah yeah yeah you won't help
me on the blog oh oh okay
you gonna help me on the bar yeah okay
daddy - dad you know me creep up creep
oh you're hearing me speak
thank you watching this movie me and you
you antenna again yeah okay man you
Mickey Calvey Gilligan I seen you on
guys yeah well you're pretty dark
you
