keep it right together wow thanks
all right it's actually a Donna control
isn't holding a camera wherever you are
that where I wanna be all that big top
it
never
I am
congrat
go play go go go Oh No
all right men sorry man the cart go go
go go come on in guys
hey Ollie Ben's got a special delivery
he brought you Iron Man yeah where did
you get this this is a knife the problem
and Ollie it's got a snakeskin handle
and carved it out of wood I don't think
you're supposed to play with this buddy
can we sit we're going to put it on top
of your bookshelf we keep it safe
because Papa works really hard on it
okay we don't want to know you want to
get mad he'd get really sad if it were
okay yeah all right good morning pay is
Ollie being a good boy yep you guys just
playing in the kitchen good morning soon
he is walking the salt-and-pepper
obviously oh really
you are crazy kid yes the kids are all
playing amazingly this morning we're
getting dressed to race today with the
great man
sometimes it's live it here in Morris
what happened guys we got a bunch of
packages this morning huh yeah they're
like big treasure boxes yes how many of
them to be exact what is it already no
means back by me maybe it's a spider
it could be a giant spider no this is a
very special family unboxing so I have a
whole family here including Payton and
there's really never had the girl will
never hum so we're going to open this
box and see what's in it what do you
guys think isn't it fragile a oh my
goodness oh my goodness
hey no let's see what it is you want to
see I'm pulling out you ready yeah
I like it what about this in real life
it's my CD it's up its up its me Angeles
it's mean you you're in there too okay
okay yes I'll lead you to the CDs a toy
no dinosaur toys no it's just mommy and
daddy huh yeah it's so cool yes we got
physical CDs in for us and I'm so
excited if you guys want to snag one of
these check out the link down below in
the description
Missy and I both can be signing a bunch
of them they're not like the like
aligned physical they're actually in a
jewel case so they're more like a
traditional speaks it's a real to you
guys so you open it up check out the CD
art chuckles I've got the key that says
us on the back it has tracklist being
with the picture of Missy so this is the
booklet and it's got pictures
it's got song credit it's amazing and
it's got a big THANK YOU page yeah this
is a very huge moment because I've been
working on this CD for what like a year
now okay
we're gonna have like a year now it's
been a really long time okay all the
kids who destroy them yeah Ollie do you
want to find some CDs - what yeah I'll
just see if you can find some okay
thanks and maybe thank you because all
is on the TV helpful is that so Ollie
yeah look at that
yeah is there mama
oh we're cool we have physical CDs we
have a very limited amount so if you
guys want to find one or an unsigned one
check out the link down below in the
description and it's still available for
pre-order on iTunes Google Play and
Amazon six more days bro yeah say six or
days
I
hmm is this mean the kids today Brian is
off to rehearsal see it's time for this
kid to go down for a little nap now I'm
going to get some cleaning done I
actually have a carpet cleaner coming
today from to clean our carpets because
there's actually some major spots in my
house that have issues and
we definitely got a lighter color
cartridge so it's really important to
kind of keep up with it otherwise I'm
going to have stains that won't come out
so I try and get exceed every like three
to four months as I can all right guys
I'm at rehearsal for La show on my
birthday and my producers here shown him
the very first physical copy of us see
but it's not fun no sorry
how could you win this time bro dude
lift the CD Wow I'm not cool great yeah
came out really good man you should be
really proud you should be proud of it
yeah yeah I'm at rehearsal now no one
has really noticed but I showed up in my
store bears I don't really know how that
happened I guess I forgot to put on
shoes we're setting up for rehearsal
right now all right the house is all
finished up from his nap I'm gonna have
yeah we have the carbonator here clean
all the carpet now and it needs it you
want to see you look at this look at all
the dirty spots all over it honestly
it's not too bad like I said I try and
get done like every 3-4 months it
definitely is in need of a good cleaning
okay show me look at his playroom it's
so like everything's up and out of the
way and he's walking homeward bound my
favorite movie and you asked you never
watched it and surprisingly the kids um
carpet is probably the cleanest of all
the brooms which is kind of weird I
don't know why I think it's honestly cuz
it doesn't get as much traffic is like
the main traffic areas how like the
worst part of the carpet this is like
dude and people walking and it's just
hard to keep those areas clean we are
probably gonna head out the house it's
kind of hard there's gonna be a wet
carpet for a few hours but it's hard
with the kids running around and all
that so we're gonna go check on the
chickens real quick Sun is out today
no more rain for today that's kind of
nice but it's so bright my god is this
one watching Molly and karma sitting in
a tree kis s ing yeah checking my
chickens you have the two great ones
they're doing hopefully they're not
still up there
oh one is braving the cage very cool and
how you doing you're still up here
they'll just keep here just to come down
huh got one
yeah good job you're okay you be okay
Nagel thank you it's so cold it's so
cold all right drop it off some food for
the scared chickens
Hey ladies I think they're hungry you
guys hungry
all right I am braving ya target run
with the boys we're sharing my carrier
for for me which is very nice of you
it's on your head huh yeah we're gonna
get lunch at Target high-gravity good
eating
you're like a doggie yeah you're crazy
oh holy should we use the big cart
yeah let's use a big car so when you do
some good shopping Kay all right the
boys are strapped and ready you ready
for a fun ride oh my god ready what do
you think
keep it right together Wow
it's like a roller coaster
yeah Wow Wow all right actually a dolly
control isn't holding a camera all right
we got what we needed me some food sins
over there chicken some apple juice
hey I peek at and I see you're a spoiled
little boy huh lucky I got educated boy
you know a boy
I need peaceful okay sorry see I had to
get some sheets from Target my feet I
was like I couldn't find my second pair
of sheets and I usually put the other
pair on when I wash mine so it's kind of
running low on that and then all I
needed a second so I seen two and then
actually got some stuff for organizing
the kitchen because I had no I've been
trying to organize a bunch of stuff to
show you that when I what I got when I
get home and then I did get a puzzle for
the boys because I noticed the other day
that all the ansan were doing so good
thing is this little like kids puzzle
together and I was like I'm gonna get
those I feel like I kind of gave up on
it when all it was like younger
basically he was never doing it and so
now I'm like okay I need to get this
puzzle again and I need to put them away
so don't use the pieces all right so
we're going to play with the puzzle
later Oliver we're driving home and what
do you just tell me I'm in my terminus
me rank did you have to go peepee and
poopoo yeah what you did something you
had to go you have to go peepee yeah
yeah can you hold it till we get home
yeah they hit a pee pee in your pants
Oh better not it is a race to get home
I'm hoping that he doesn't go start
using said he has to go and it would be
very difficult to take those kids into a
public restroom and taking to the
bathroom right now Ollie did we make it
yeah good okay flush we made it in the
nick of time huh
we got the card you know so like I said
I target I bought a couple different
options to organize my kitchen here's my
stove right here there's my microwave
and this cabinet is all my like spices
and it's just like packed to the brim I
can barely get this thing to close
anymore it's so full that it's hard to
even like look for certain stuff and
that's mentioned it's just like all the
way over here I could put it in this
cabinet but this is honestly like this
is where dishes go it's not really it's
a big cabinet it's not really one like a
spice cabinet I thought about how I
actually have like empty drawers right
here I don't even use these I should put
spices in them and so I started looking
it up and I found these little rubber
mats that you can lay down and then like
put your spices in them I don't know if
this will work I'm going to try it out I
also grabbed a couple of like these
different things to kind of organize
your utensils and this also is some sort
of organizational thing yeah I'm just
gonna experiment with some stuff and see
what I can do to help make my kitchen a
little bit more useful all right so we
are out we're heading to heading to
dinner me up with the boys Bryan and
Jeffrey and we pick up a couple of XS
I've got limp a Ollie and bit of the car
and I guess what to say we listen to
Disney almost and tires right here and I
got 75% of the kids asleep they're all
asleep
except for sane I thought it was
definitely asleep but he's so awake he's
not crying too bad which is nice but I
can't believe all because the kids are
hot all day almost had a very busy fun
day all right we are walking into dinner
and Jeffrey just reminded me that I'm
still wearing slippers funny it's so
embarrassing
Missy was supposed to bring me shoes and
I know she did and it's going like oh my
god ha ha ha ha slippers on Oh such a
goober so we're meeting Missy all the
kids and
Rachael and Byron as well to hang out
here at rota
yeah so missus guy here with all the
kids and this one is asleep and he will
not wake up Oliver
okay Ollie hey Ollie guess why I said
that Oliver Oliver ah ha ha ha come on
dude I want to hang out with them I miss
him I haven't seen him all day
I mean won't we go alright guys we just
got home from a crazy dinner we
communicate because it was so insane I
think it's definitely Friday the 13th
they broke two plates and they were just
clearly and they weren't even being
crazy that they were being crazy
well oh we actually broke the first one
but I don't know how the second one
broke yeah I just happened it was a
crazy to be here but we're home now and
I'm actually really excited because our
carpets got clean check us out we came
home to signs that say caution walk
cautiously if you walk on the
improvident step on no exploit our other
rights it could be slippery underfoot
yeah it was pretty gnarly I think maybe
we just chose to light a carpet
whoa who are you you spider-man you got
wings bro yeah you can fly and you can
swing Webb yeah fling Webb Wow all right
kiddo those your PJs I had to teach him
about PJs where yesterday PJ masks
yes but also short for pajamas this kids
all ready for bed then is asleep Ollie
it's almost that time buddy alright I
just finished making always fed with his
brand new sheet he's so excited I
actually took off his side can I see why
we don't know not well he's still a
toddler he does all around I hope he
doesn't fall off the bed I don't really
don't turn a big girl fall off the boat
okay
I told him he's going to sleep in a
big-boy bed without the rail tonight and
he's pretty excited about it so yeah I
just made his bed and I got brand new
sheets and they're so comfy and soft so
I'm excited for him to sleep tonight and
are you gonna stay in your bed all night
like a big boy yeah you and me you want
me to sleep with you a little how about
in the morning you come running a
nightmare as a mother I pursued my fate
alright and I'll cut of you in our bed
in the morning okay you have a fun day
today yeah yeah
accuse me Bochy takes me thank you for
watching guys if you enjoyed today's
video be sure to give it a what it's
just your thumbs up and be sure to go
pre-order my new album and go buy the
physical copies we're gonna sign some
cake do you want to find some copy CDs -
yeah okay so go get a signed copy he may
sign it thanks for watching guys we'll
see you in Jana only really see Hey
you
