pigeon Olli played together really well
but sometimes Olli has just had enough
all he just really good let me just say
that for three years old and sharing all
his toys that but at the end of the day
he's like is the time eclipsed in the
bed yet whatever you are that way ever
wanna be that big inside
just fun around
again
I compare with me
good morning guys you're all packed up
kids back in the bag and we're heading
home which they're almost home already
and the boys been sleeping mostly dry
which is really nice but all it woke up
I think is a little bit groggy and ludus
what the whole drive to she's like it
mean there yet excited to go see Carla
yeah we had such an amazing time of the
cabin and we actually were hoping to
wake up to Lilith snow but it and that's
going at all it just rained at time it
was really nice to be in the cold
weather and it was a good time with
family but now it's Hall we're going
home okay are you okay okay he's okay
Ollie we're home you need to go check
out the chickens all right um what hi hi
all right we're hoping to see a bunch of
eggs in there huh yes I actually been
keeping an eye on my chickens on the
camera and I'm super sad because
although I had someone taking care of
them so everyone's fine the two gray
ones the new ones that we got refused to
get off this perch the entire time
they've been sitting up here for like
three days now that one's a fake one it
looks like someone I grabbed the legs I
think so yeah these two chickens are so
so chicken they refuse to get down
because they're scared of all these ones
oh and sometimes they've been keeping
water and food up here for them because
they wouldn't get down and I'm really
sad because I want them to be able to go
just be free they're kind of scared me
wow those are
one man out oh you got me good can I
listen okay okay this one's Pam she's
really beautiful and really sweet but
she would refuse to get down guys gotta
get you marry age hi taken this is Pam
yeah say hi Pam I've 280 oh my god you
got two new pinkie yeah these are the
new ones the gray ones right here
they're new
I'd say pretty high so we are at home
and I've actually already been unpacking
some stuff get in the house cleaned up
Brian had to take the car in for an oil
change because we had an appointment I
am doing something that I think I might
regret
oh let's see if you compare what I'm
going to do I've got file I've got duct
tape and a knife and I'm headed in
defense room what am i doing
can you guess can you guess basically I
feel like such a loser doing this right
now but basically fin slept in a bedroom
at the cabin and it had very little
light in that room to the point where
she actually slept she actually slept
and not only slept but he slept in he
loved to like 8 3 some of the mornings
basically Finn has these windows in his
room and he has these blackout shades
but they really just don't do much I
mean they barely fit around one window
and they totally just peek through the
side and so of course it just brightens
his room nice and early and although you
know he wakes us most mornings around
like 6:30 and I'm sure for most moms
that's like a dream maybe I don't even
know if 6:30 divers dream to wake up at
but um it's just like oh hey I hate
waking up that early and I know it
I know it's because of the light and
I've always had Olly in like really dark
blackout rooms and so he always slept so
good sometimes even let me sleep late
8:39 and so I have been working on
getting the correct shades and the
correct things for this forever and I
guess I'm just not going fast enough
and so I decided I'm just going to cover
them with foil until I figure it out and
it's going to look terrible and I'll be
kind of sad because then because like it
right now I have the shades open because
I want light in I won't be able to bring
in as much light but I just feel like I
need to sleep I needed to sleep a little
bit longer than 6:30 and so I'm just
going to do it I'm going to go for it
I'm going to put foil on the windows and
walk out the light until I figure out a
way to make it to light actually doesn't
come through so good all right I did it
I had a 6 pin in here to play well I did
it but I did it looks pretty bad it'll
do until I figure out the another
solution which will be probably just
better blackout shades that'll go down
sort of like the ones that are in like
my room and stuff but here's what it
looks like it actually blocks out a lot
of the light and honestly when these are
down you don't even see them so I'll
show you what it looks like with them
down so this is what it looks like with
them down and you can still kind of see
some light coming through but I think if
I just bring this a little closer I just
don't use a ton of duct tape I didn't
want to be able to see it if this was
down so that looks pretty nice and then
if I put this down block that one with
all the light what's this did you just
bedtime fan then so yeah it does it does
still have a little bit of peaking light
which is fine it's just a little bit but
I think it'll help me sleep a little bit
later and I think I'll be able to sleep
just a little bit longer than 6:30 which
would be very nice yay project done now
I have to actually fix the project that
I just did hello guys nothing hello yeah
hello
yes we're watching Angry Birds right now
dad Bowen sky you people your God he's
at the part where the bald eagle goes P
this is pretty simple areas uh Wow
yeah we got that from the cabin and I
immediately had to go take my car in
because it needed oil is very low on oil
and I got sidetracked with a million
other things was waiting there forever
because they had to do something because
something was recalled on my vehicle
they had to change it and they didn't
know they would have to change it so
sitting there and waiting and then they
were like well cursed me ready tomorrow
feels like okay so I end up leaving and
coming back it's been an interesting day
for sure well now I'm hanging out with
Ollie in the playroom watching a movie
sin went to bed which has been favorite
thing ever right hidden Ollie played
together really well but sometimes Ollie
has just had enough
Ollie just really good let me just say
that for three years old be sharing all
his toys and stuff but at the end of the
day he's like it's the time to put into
bed yet also been wearing my sweatshirt
all day because it's been one of those
days where it's just like cool okay ah
yeah Missy is right now helping Natalia
and Geoff do some moving because they've
been moving all day into their new house
that we're so excited for for them so if
you're not subscribed to their Channel
go subscribe to them and you can catch
up on what they're doing
oh my guess what only nine more days
till daddy's album is out ring it's not
amazing yeah and you sing on it huh yeah
yeah what song do you think okay
stuck desktop yeah you guys oh my knew I
like seven or eight days for you guys
until it's out on iTunes so you haven't
pre-ordered it please go free order it
all these things on it make these things
on it and it's full of stories about
missing eye that you've never heard
before that you get to hear and an
interesting new way so go pre-order link
down below in the description also
physical copies are available on my site
and they are going very fast and they're
very limited so if you'd like to get one
go get one link down below
Luna just ate all her dinner like a good
little girl and we
her on a leash right now we had a
trainer come over and they evaluated
Luna and said she's such a good puppy
and gave us lots of good tips so while
she's indoor she has to be on a leash
because we start lessons next week she's
gonna go to school ollie
she's gonna go to puppy school yep you
can have her she's lookin anywhere
she's going to school yeah she's going
to be a smart cub so we have to get her
used to being on the leash because all
the lessons are going to be on leashes
whenever she is in the house he's got a
gun Alicia she dollars we are dumb it
but he did say that she is such a good
puppy
and she's so smart she's going to be
pretty dang easy to trade which makes me
really happy because that's why we got
an Oscar and Shepherd because they're so
dang smart huh you're such a circle
aren't you she's already doing and
mentally better on the leash by the way
- just had a couple hours she's been on
it hey I win the clown yeah we got home
and we had so much going on the Johnson
came over because they just helped us
take the last few things out of our
house yeah we I went over to her house
and we like not all lostness up out and
then we came back to house because guess
what delirious is that are hot at least
for one night they might end up staying
for a while a little familiar so I'd
like super bumpy or in the back of the
cart oh yeah so far it are being
filtered right now because you're like
we were super tired but we wanted to
Starbucks and hang out and stuff and so
we got my cousin Casey to so far us so
you take me as this awesome
I'm still nice I don't know why you've
agreed to it I feel like that's all
that's not so you drive my Cadillac and
we're in the backseat we're actually
talking about the LA if you guys are
watching it really think I watched the
whole thing in like one day it was so
good anyways Starbucks we need it it'll
be good
Maidan we just got our drink it is a
very high person and always to choose
between a hot drink or a cold drink we
only like I only like one hot drink and
one cold drink and I just want to get
like the warm drinks but our sources
must gue be so good thank you yeah you
did daily about five thank you okay so
so funny they caught me vlogging so they
started asking about our channels so if
they end up watching this hi hey guys is
in a long day we're all hanging out on
the couch or watching do a I was just
talking about it earlier I've already
watched the whole season but they're
actually in the middle of it right now
and we just hang out showing friends
actually I think already in bed the kids
are asleep I may go ahead in the video
we're all super blue though because I
did not want to do is turn on the lights
so make sure you give the video a thumbs
up today if you enjoyed it and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
