push Ollie push push push you got it you
got it dude
fur helps to make that face when you put
on boots wherever you are that's where I
wanna be
Oh
I'm forever
me
good morning how are you buddy good you
sleep good in the cabin yeah because not
sledding we're going skiing today are
you gonna try and ski just like your
buddy Jackson does yeah yeah Ollie has
been watching Jackson ski and he wants
to try it so bad I'm a little nervous
but we're gonna try it today okay
okay do you want to ski too mister what
are you doing in here this is auntie's
room - fins all dressed for the cold he
looks so cute
now you can touch the snow and your
hands won't get wet no that's so cool
buddy random big did you do it you're
missing a finger I move moly I get one
in each one you got that one in there
yep this finger that's trying to help
okay ready and closer putting gloves on
toddlers is hard I don't think there's a
finger that one you have no bones in
this finger there's no finger in all he
is so excited that he got gloves on he
has to go touch the snow right now
stana frozen huh here let me break some
up for you
thinker buddy I think I got more on you
than me
this nose kind of hard not really snowy
we are all ready to head to the resort
we got our jackets and our pants you got
your your toys so we're gonna ski today
kay buddy yeah I'm gonna teach you all
about pizza and french fry do you know
what that is
you yeah I'll teach you what it means on
the on the actual hill okay okay okay
we've been watching Jared and Ellie ski
with Jackson you get a little
encouragement like there's something
that's gonna go on your feet
yeah we'll see how it how he does if he
doesn't do good me me a pop will come
pick him up and we'll just enjoy
ourselves we have made it to snow summit
and we are getting our tickets and our
rental here and we are getting excited
to hit the slopes
you excited Ollie he's very excited I
hope he does good and Cassie you're
gonna snowboard yes skiing I like to ski
because he likes it snowboard battle
continues we got all these boots you're
gonna wear those kay so kind of heavy
feeling ooh they're heavy they kind of
make it hard to walk but you can still
do it okay push Ollie push push push you
guys you got it dude her helps to make
that face when you put on booster you
don't push what do you think ollie
oh look at those little baby skis okay
they're big they're big boy skis I'm
sorry not baby skis Ollie are those your
skis oh my gosh he's got his helmet on
he's got his skis he's really close to
melting down but we're gonna try okay
I'm not exactly sure how this is gonna
work but we have all our equipment we're
headed to the beginner area for
you ready to go ollie good job see
there's a little puppy dog they're doing
okay baby so ready driver to get
everything lined up the puppy all right
buddy
toe first and then you slam your heel
down hey good job and set down good job
ollie
all you're wearing skis buddy so Ollie
here's what you need to know you need to
know french fry and pizza okay look up
and pay attention
so french fry you want your leg straight
just like that that's french fry to do
pizza turn your legs like this
Oh opposite way the other way can you
point your toes together hey
all right we are now on the magic carpet
Olly we made it
yeah there's water right there that's
probably what the mountain actually
looks like because I'm sure all this is
artificial but it's really not that bad
out it's like 40 degrees and we're
headed up to this very little hill I
don't have poles which I normally use so
we'll see how it goes all he's just
going to ride in between Missy and see
what happens yeah here we go Olly so see
what daddy's doing with his skis that's
called pizza can you move your skis like
that
point your toes together almost yeah
gonna see how this is gonna go
you do to dolly
you're scared
so funny I don't know if he's getting
the concept of all but it hasn't fallen
he's happy good job dude
Oh gum gum gum go are we go that was an
accident but it worked out oh my god
that's hilarious
oli you did so good he's honestly giving
a lot better than I thought it was
coming too
oh I missed this you guys that pain in
your legs the cool mountain breeze on
your face good job dude
alright oli how'd that go did you have
fun he doesn't want to go anymore but he
had fun it's a lot of work yeah
pain yeah you went down twice though
dude okay there was a part know if you
got on camera but I literally actually
let go of everything started
sliding down yeah oh gum gum gum go
Ollie go good very much
here we go babe you havin fun she's so
good at this you guys just feels amazing
back on the Sun we're thinking the
beginner ones a couple of times and then
they take that chair all the way up at
the top of the mountain we shall see
though
we have made it to the mountain and I
have a GoPro strapped to Missy so that
you guys can see how she does is really
good this is huh been a while
all right you ready yep this has a way
for Cassie cuz she does know Porter
cause every snowboarder right now on
their butts every single one
kind of thinking I'll just slide down on
my foot
let's just wait baby oh my god
I'm on my butt fine and I'm falling ah
that right there is what I just went
down OMA but sometimes you gotta do what
you gotta do right that was funny
yeah
hey guys you just got to the bottom of
the hill how was it mostly time we went
wet hey up there what time is the Helen
that took like an hour maybe maybe like
30 to 45 I go really slow so I'm
probably like the boringest skier skier
to like go with because I seriously just
go back and forth I love when you guy
can get into like a rhythm you're just
going back and forth so fun but this is
the fun little mountain up here at Big
Bear and it's cool that we can just
drive to it yeah it's actually really
nice because we got to go to the top and
we were able to take really nice easy
ways down yeah that was cool next up you
talk hi do our vlog I've been running
around the room with it hi what do you
say say hey guys hi hi that's so good
it's so good hey hey hey hi you see you
already knows hey hi hey hey dear now
mama and you can walk together oh my
gosh I get that camera I gotta get that
camera notice one moment let mama log
and then we're getting ready for bed it
is bedtime for this one and then I think
we're gonna all yeah and we're all just
gonna hang out watch a movie maybe go on
a hot tub
my brother actually was able to come up
for the night so Jimmy's here right now
which is nice so like the whole family's
together yeah I think it's gonna be a
really nice night this one's being so
cute right now Finlay J get over here
Finlay J oh my guess what yeah only ten
more days until daddy CD is out mmm
amazing are you excited for it and I
have just heard physical copies are now
for sale on my website so I have them
link down below we have signed and
unsigned copies very very limited so if
you want a physical copy of us check out
that link down below in description and
as always you can pre-order it on iTunes
huh yeah link down below in the
description
do you have fun going home tomorrow I
said
we're going home tomorrow he said I'm
gonna stay at the cabin you want to just
live here and we'll come visit you every
now and then yeah you want to live here
with me me yeah you're so cute
you did really good skiing today ollie a
lot better than I was thinking you were
gonna do so I'm very proud of you
we'll try to get another time okay okay
thank you watch II get this vu I'm such
up I see you why not bye
