Ben is developing Oliver's love for
racing games wherever you are that's
where I wanna be
sawsan sad big
good thank you
Oh
over every
me
good morning Finn get it get it get it
hey mama oh good morning ollie
I like can you say good morning are you
a kitty cat
yeah the morning Luna good morning young
lady how'd you sleep
amazing I slept really good woke up this
morning and it's pouring rain so we have
a fun snow day planned but probably not
if it's raining
Ollie slept really good so yeah we're
kind of just eating breakfast now
waiting for the rain to stop
Jeffrey is at our house helping us out
with some chicken chores got a couple
chickens that are a little scared so I
did do some maneuvering to make sure
they don't die hey Jeffrey going nice
he's very friendly for watching him on
the nest cam I think you're good
you got it you okay in there nice little
scary in here he got attacked my pants
he was fine
but Pam was not attacking him Pam is you
scared maker she's the sweetest bird we
have it was very sweet very intimate
just came outside and Aunty and Ollie
are attempting to climb the giant
boulder that is right outside our cabin
please be careful with him we only have
one Olly
chick she pick up there be careful buddy
we are making rice krispie treats in the
cabin but yeah and we found one of these
giant bowls that reminds me of Ellie and
her mom making homemade rolls and I
literally asked my see if we could make
rolls oh this is how you're doing it
yeah you guys have never done it like
this before have you well usually we mix
the it into the pan but we're making so
much we didn't have the any looking
butters we need like a spatula yeah
that's crazy
fragile a step look at that Marsh moly
rice krispies goodness oh babe that's
amazing is it gonna be enough it'll be
good make me get the rest of that
marshmallow really good go then oh that
looks amazing look at what Mama's making
Wow that yeah all right we are not gonna
put any chocolate on okay
all right babe how are the rice krispies
treats um pretty good because I use my
marshmallow you always use my
marshmallow that made me wanna be's Oh
Ollie where we go in like oh it's leaded
we got all our gear on you ready to
throw some snowballs and get wet and
have fun in the snow
yeah all right thing just woke up from
his nap so he's gonna eat a little bit
of lunch and then he's gonna meet us on
the slopes afterwards all right little
dude we made it to the sledding hill we
got to grab in there too and then we got
to go up there and slide down super fast
I did not grab a picking up too
is that fine
we always are you fall asleep
all right Finn is now here wait wait
wait don't go in the water oh you're
okay you got your boots on huh
you're all prepared for the cold dude
look at all this water Olli yeah
unfortunately Finn you're still too
little to write anything he can't go
down the slide and he can't go down the
tubing hill so he's gonna have to just
hang out here and enjoy the cold okay
sorry
you look really cute though you're gonna
hang out with mommy kay Finn by the way
there was a big debate on whether these
are actually socks or mittens their
mittens for babies mittens with no thumb
I think that makes him a sock yeah
pretty much
but he don't need finger oh look they're
coming up oh I don't even need these huh
Ben is developing Oliver's love for
racing games Oh
gogo Finco me
design by anything we save so much money
on these games were kids Cassie is
murdering deer oh you shot a cow well
that wasn't very nice what do you do in
Hawley
chocolate brownies tastes like sugar
yeah we're making chocolate brownies
that's for after dinner cooking up some
dinner right here that's some pasta and
chicken and VIN is rearranging all the
Tupperware in here cuz he just thinks
that it is not in the correct position
okay there you go you put all the
Tupperware where you think it needs to
go okay mister yeah go ahead rearrange
it
let me know when you're done organizing
oh go to jail yeah I guess you are going
to jail ah what are you doing
Oh me watching for watching the show
yeah yes this is Matt you two like no
this one is it you to know Ben is asleep
and it's a mess this one it's time today
so we're gonna go ahead and vlog to make
sure you give the video a thumbs up make
sure you go pre-order Brian's album
there's a couple songs available right
now and it's just really really exciting
it's only a few more weeks away then we
give you your all the songs huh yeah
excited your sing on it you know that
yeah would you sing I
Vica good job exacty thing is his home
so you guys love to make sure you for
your 2000 you can listen to the whole
thing
big down below yeah the link is down
below we'll see you guys tomorrow
when you say Olly
