roll over oh it's like I'll take a belly
rub too because I'm so good with
Australian Shepherds I look good I got
the leg going I got the light going
she is so happy she's like I did so good
I am so smart wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe on
big blue eyes
in
Oh
come to every
holy cow you guys you see that you see
that that is son ladies and gentlemen
good morning everybody
that's right Sun is finally out in
California got a crazy couple of weeks
it's been raining and gray and wet this
morning I found Luna just basking in the
sunlight she's like what is this I
missed this
good mornin Luna feels pretty dang good
out here he's a little little cold still
but I was close other places people are
traveling here for winter and we're here
complaining about the cold but Lunas
been doing so good she likes to go out
and go potty
she likes to snuggle she likes to play
she eats really good you're just a
really good puppy I think we got really
lucky with her she's such a good little
member of our family now
oh look at those blue eyes just a how do
you say no to those beautiful blue eyes
good morning auntie is here me and the
boys just got back from swim all day I
mean fin show me what you got
he got a ribbon for climbing to safety
all by himself
I got catch him and he got tattoo cuz he
was so good in his from Class C with all
by himself
cuz pay had to skip today and he did so
good huh yeah it is a saw you're right
fin did so good he actually did get an
award because he climbed out all by
himself and so that was really exciting
it's been an exciting day here today
already and auntie's here and auntie got
herself something really special the
other day yesterday so you guys should
go check out her channel to see what she
got it's really cool she's very exciting
and it's definitely a rite of passage
into adulthood so I'm gonna check on my
chickens right now I'm hoping I have
eggs I feel like they've been definitely
lacking maybe it's just so cold weather
or something but see if I've got eggs
hello all my chicky chicky
alright we've got two and I think Ali's
coming to check so I'll just let him
find him any eggs no nope and it's just
a fake one nope not a fake one yeah so I
get at least two eggs a day sometimes
three and sometimes even four it's
pretty cool I feel like I've got I've
got like over a dozen eggs now in my
refrigerator and I can't wait to get to
the point where I can start like giving
people fresh eggs like my parents and
stuff like that
hey buddy how swim okay good did you
swim yeah did you jump in yeah were you
amazing yeah are you a little dolphin
Oh knowing that you're not a dolphin no
what are you hey I don't know you don't
know what you are yeah you are a little
cute boy and my son and I love you thank
you Oh - so Missy was just telling me
she was vlogging with fin and she failed
to mention his cute little mustache Oh
your dad's idea
haha let me see that thing you are so
cute buddy by the way as you guys can
see yes the tree is gone the decorations
are gone our house is kind of boring now
we actually have a lot of stuff put away
though it's like our greenery
yeah get out and freshen up everything
yeah so mrs. about to shopback all that
crazy needle things I carried it outside
and got very messy
all right since auntie is here and she
is the DIY Queen she's going to teach us
how to do a fun messy gooey gooey
experiment so cool I thought on my
channel I like to fight Molly what are
we gonna make my line or that's all I
calls it slime what alley
no no this is not nope this is actually
glue you make the slime with nothing but
Elmer's glue
shaving cream saline solution and food
coloring
yeah whatever color we're gonna make
green gooey gooey slimy ready Ollie okay
are you gonna eat it afterwards
yeah can you dump it on your head after
yeah okay go go go oh my gosh that is
Elmer's glue mm-hmm
glad I'm doing a kid and loving to play
with almonds Oh bring it on your hand
and getting it all sticky I don't really
know any measurements we just kind of
yeah Cassie's a DIY queen she doesn t
mean measurements she just throws eggs
in a bowl and hopefully it doesn't
explode on her let's do the food
coloring now before we put this oh yeah
can we make it green okay we are now
going to make green glue how much I
don't want to mix the color right well
you know what we don't ever use this
Holly what color is that green what's
your favorite color
no it's not you like blue green is
daddy's favorite color
hey that is blue hey Tom uh-huh mixing
it all together
next thing we're to do is work you mean
you want to do
before it really just didn't go for it
push it hard oh my god get that said
that's crazy
I want to know who was the guy who was
like just mixing random crap together
until they got good or until I got slime
all right we found more food coloring
gotta be greener than that look how dark
it is though Margrave my gosh I'm really
okay that's like cool color though it is
it's like I'm like actually working
mix it up mix it up we want like fluffy
I think fluffy and then the saline
solution makes it slimy makes it like
you a moldable basically Oh kids oh my
god that's bells I know it's so like
hold it there's a smell your grandpa
does yeah okay I'm gonna put this
supposed to be the good part
okay you ready I'm gonna put it in
adding saline solution so we're not like
a thickens up whoa holy look look at the
slime did oh okay
babe you made slime
whoa all you want to touch it
why not look at all of us touching it I
want to touch it
oh it feels so weird that is so cool
look at this
Kazi all right okay I got it all over it
out
sorry we made slime today that's
incredible
currently Finn hey get that pick your
favorite soda door break it on thank you
break it I can't drink it isn't slime
fun guys look at my hands you guys
my hands are be blue and I think my
Apple watch is a bit liveable my god on
a shelf in here hey Ben look at his
hands Oh what do you think you want
touch it touch it touch it he like that
do not touch me okay Cassie how do I get
this off um you don't oh okay good luck
all you gotta touch it
let's see it Lily look at that look you
made it so it doesn't stick on your hand
you feel it you know I need to keep
sticking things in it I : look let me
get down favorite toy and put it in the
slime Oh cute toy fine
okay go find a t-rex we're on the T
Rexes limited t-rex in here should we
get one from here no okay you're sure
there's one in your room let's go again
t-rex get metier it's get it that's a
big t-rex ma'am I need to find a smaller
toy this is my toy it's a pretty big
t-rex though wait for me I think we need
a smaller one might be a better one if
that one's too big I got this one look
at that oh maybe she got that so just
how did tons of co2 hey ready let's open
up a spot for him oh my gosh go put the
Dino way I put him in can discover him
weird the dinosaur go grab him grab him
how are you gonna find him gotta get him
out Oh cut the tail get him
- here we go
there's your dinosaur covered in slime
ha ha watch this yeah Luna Lovegood come
here look Nina look good girl oh wow
really
we're still around lay down again they
down down
nope sit there you go good girl girl
good lay down
oh she's like I'll take a belly rub too
cuz I'm so good smart Australian
Shepherd I look at I got the leg going I
got the light going oh she's so happy
she's like I did so good I am so smart
girl look what I made for dessert
pudding because here in America we call
actual pudding pudding one thing we
learned when we were in London they call
every type of dessert pudding which just
confused me because like what do you
guys call pudding do you call cake
pudding but you also call it cake right
so like do you call pudding something
else besides pudding no cuz it's pudding
just doesn't make any sense me anyway I
made pudding tonight and homemade
whipped cream
it was delicious my sweet tooth has been
thought I've had what I'm gonna have
pudding for pudding whoa Alli what do
you got um it's a captain Jake playset
oh and you found out where those
actually go I didn't even know that when
I put the whole thing together
so it turns out Santa dropped off one of
Oliver's Christmas presents in my office
and forgot to give it to him we found it
today and we put it together didn't we I
just destroyed blankie oh you put this
uh what is that yeah silly putty yeah
silly putty but this is so cool look at
its on wheels and it opens up and you
got your cannons
in there where's captain Jake oh and
where's the bad guy put the bad guy in
jail oh no he's gonna go in jail yeah
how cool is that no no put all that
slime on him yeah oh now he slimed out
yeah and now he goes to jail huh but
this is so cool because he can make will
it around and open it up and play it's
perfect for him because he just loves
using his imagination to play and stuff
don't you
he's in jail Oh anyway before I end
today's vlog wanted to remind you we
have VIP tickets from a January 20th
show in LA so if you guys want to come
hang out with me on my birthday get your
tickets link down below in description
15 more days until my debut album is
available on iTunes so also link down
below in the description so you can
pre-order it we have a new song dropping
on it very soon for those of you who
pre-order so pre-order it now because I
think after it goes up the price goes up
a little bit so it's cheaper if you
preorder it versus buy it when it comes
out so get on that link down below all
these you have a fun day yeah can you
say thanks for watching thanks for
watching give the video a thumbs up and
we'll see you manana all what do you say
you
