alright you guys are doing helicopters
was said and he loves them you ready boy
them one two three
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
over every
alright you only throw them outside in
the grass into the trees no balls no
people yeah no people we are clearly
celebrating this warm weather with some
water balloons Finn is very excited as
well
what you got oli it's a one water
balloon you literally just want to throw
them on the grass that we play with
water balloons yeah way too cold good
morning guys yeah we're like bundled up
it's freezing
yeah all he wants to play with water
balloons okay but he what about the grip
he's got to clean them all up you're
gonna have to clean them all up
afterwards kay around a little baby one
it's like you're peeing
let me see you throw one really far can
you throw one really really far okay
throw it really far whoa good morning
karma good morning Luna you guys getting
along this morning she's just messing
with him she loves messing with karma
you are such a good pup in dealing with
Luna you know that look at this they're
so cute
well good morning guys from very chilly
California I got a bunch of stuff done
I took cash counts down had to fill up
the dumpster had to send some forms
boring adult things and I think I might
actually get ready for the day so don't
look like a mess
whoa whoa you got yourself dude
all right you guys we're doing
helicopters was said and he loves them
don't you hahaha set up the landing pad
you ready Boyle one two three ah let's
try it again one two three one two three
Oh guess it's vintage on that one bro
one two do you like that bin yeah I love
here in this kid laughs oh my gosh my
hair I got to get ready for the day so
cute what are you trying to do you
trying to escape good morning guys I
have been working today on just
organizing more things I've moved on to
underneath these two cabinets because
under there are just games and then
there here was just like a bunch of
stuff so I just clean out all this I'm
gonna move games over and I've been
getting a ton of work done on like the
computer and I'm just slowly trying to
like move through my house and declutter
a lot of stuff that I've just been like
putting off for a long time and
hopefully I can get everything cleaned
up and just feeling like fresh I feel
like we moved in and it was just like
really exciting and some some things
like I literally just haven't even
unpacked so like there was an entire
closet just full of like boxes of things
that obviously we don't need because we
haven't used it in months and so I got
rid of a ton of it and I freed up like
an entire closet so just fun things that
we've been putting off for a long time
and we've got the whole crew here and
the kids have been so good today just
been playing Holly what do you guys plan
it's called bowling bowling Finn got a
bowling set for Christmas and now we're
gonna set all the pins right here duh
looks good Oh
it's soda feet are all he's so defeated
then all right I got the things all set
up for all the kids now be careful don't
touch the pins do not touch them you're
getting very close to the pins when I
just told you don't touch them
what are you guys doing go over there
all right all you're gonna be first okay
you're gonna stand right here
hold the ball live your bike behind him
and pay you're right behind her okay
okay the goal is to throw that ball
without crossing this line and knock
over all those pins okay can you do it
what digit let's do this okay yeah put
your fingers in those holes that helps
somehow okay you ready and go oh you got
the camera okay get in line behind pay
that was a very nice try by ollie but he
did not get any pins that'd be a gutter
ball you ready Liv go for it Oh
gutter ball that's okay look it Holly's
like I can get those pins but we're not
gonna use that value k okay it's
Payton's turn pick and go behind line
you got this pay okay
and go oh right over them we're not
playing baseball Payton I seriously
can't believe another kids not to wear
any pins yeah okay Ollie you gotta use
the bowling ball okay no crap you want
to play with that one I just let him
play with that one
okay get behind the line roll it and try
and knock down all the pins okay ready
Ollie
go Oh all right Liv let's try it again
Oh go paint and roll it on the floor
Oh right over all right all your turn go
to the line and roll your ball go ollie
go
alright let your turn try to knock some
over whoa oh and you got the last pin
nice job laughs payin for baton didn't
get the hit he did that kind of makes me
want to go bowling all right who's been
bowling in a minute oh yeah I haven't
been bullying in a long time that sounds
fun
I'm sorry you didn't get a chance pin
he's like my hand-eye coordination is
better than all these kids all that in
one shot hey Ollie
what song you want to listen to yeah you
want to listen to the Jesus song yeah
all right we'll put it on this is this
all you wanted you loves listening to
the Jesus song
justic it sing it in your head she
chasing you
so as you know Missy and I go out to eat
a lot with the Johnson fam and I think
we have finally figured out that dilemma
the dilemma of whether have to be all
set
yes it's like if even when you're like
going out with a random like friends
like yours like if kids are here where
do I want to sit next to Missy but we
also have to like sit next to the kids
we have finally figured it out you guys
the perfect seating arrangement and this
is going to change your life for those
of you with two kids to go out to eat
with other couples
this is how we do it we do babies on one
end so it'll be there Payton will be
there couples in the middle so Talan
Jeff we see a knot yes and then live and
Ollie can also talk to each other and
there on the ends so that way I can
watch Ollie you can watch Finn everyone
happy yeah cuz you definitely need
watching don't ya that's why I'm over
here easier one
I also we're at Buffalo Wild Wings they
have these really cool tablets and the
kids can literally just make games on
them how cool is that Ollie we playing
kids and zombies so what are you
supposed to do
like okay so top the zombies I know
they're chasing him so we just got back
from dinner and what we were hoping
would happen did happen both boys fell
asleep on the way home which is always
really nice because it just saves us a
lot of time putting them to bed parent
goals right here oli just wanted to hear
Jesus loves me and Finn just wanted to
hear his alibi and it put him right to
sleep well that didn't go as smoothly as
we were hoping all I was like what is
going on he woke up while I was putting
his pajamas on and was so confused as to
why it was nighttime yeah he was like
she's like show me it's nighttime I'm
like okay let's look Hey look he did not
want to act like you played and had so
much fun this is why you were so tired
right yeah poor kids I'm gonna go lay
with them by the way I can breathe I
feel I've been so congested and sick
like weeks I feel like it's just like
December January sickness actually found
this stuff called a friend that got
nasal spray so good to breathe again all
right let's go see what's going on this
kid Holly what are you doing it was so
nice a momma to let you watch a show
while you were winding down huh yeah are
you tired
yeah makes me so sad to see so sad hey
smile smile he can't smile he's so upset
poor kid I love you I'm sorry so here's
the thing you guys we have sold out of
VIP tickets twice now and it seems like
they're very popular so we're going to
be allotting some of the general
admission tickets so that we can have
more VIP tickets to the show on January
20th my birthday with the entire family
everyone is seriously going to be there
my entire family is going to be there
Cassie I believe is running the March
booth hopefully Cassie if I have asked
you by now will you run my merch booth
so go get tickets you guys VIP tickets
are now available again link down below
in the description the VIP ticket gives
you access to the show you get to get in
early
we're going to be taking photos together
we're gonna have a meet-and-greet before
the show and then you're also going to
get a signed physical copy of us us
album release party I really hope you
guys can make it because it's gonna be
so much fun anyway thank you guys for
watching today's vlog OB enjoy be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe and
see me
Yaya
