hey guys before today's vlog starts
wanted to remind you that I am playing a
show in LA at the Belasco theater on my
birthday January 20th and I'm so excited
it's going to be such a fun event the
entire family is coming all my friends
are coming and it's seriously going to
be a night to remember just to celebrate
the US album release also I did want to
let you guys know if you do purchase a
general admissions ticket you have the
opportunity to win a VIP treatment
that's right because in the middle of
show Missy is gonna be walking out on
stage and she's gonna announce a couple
of people to come up and get a swag bag
and take pictures and have a blast so be
sure to get tickets link down below in
the description like I said it's in Los
Angeles at the Belasco theater January
20th come party with me for my birthday
to celebrate the US album release would
love to see you guys there now on to
today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all since that big
Oh
everywhere
good morning hey Olli what you got yeah
yeah ping lab and it sounds like a cross
between pay and live and pancakes you
got bunch of pancakes there huh
here's your fork use it to eat your
pancakes kay dude I okay I think my head
was bigger than my stomach bro we all
ordered so much food it's red Dom look
at you
is that dessert or breakfast and you're
covering it honey honey's healthy that's
the healthy everyone is so happy eating
tons of food good Johnson stayed over
last night and then we decided to go to
breakfast good morning
it is a new year which means we are
starting on my channel again we
definitely took a break for December
because the holidays are crazy and I
just could not wrap my head around
everything going on Natalia is here and
we are going to film a video I'm
actually going to film a couple videos
which will be good smoothly we'll get
caught up usually I like to have like a
few videos in the queue so I can not
feel like I'm going crazy on my mind and
like sometimes I feel like as a mom it's
hard as a youtuber because then you just
start like revolving your life from your
YouTube channel when it's not supposed
to be like that you're ready to film a
video I'm gonna log about this sir I'm
gonna do a video about this little bag
and you guys should be able to see it
later this week oh my gosh it is so cold
out here for California you guys I'm
gonna show you the temperature
don't y'all freak out it is 50 degrees
Fahrenheit that is very cold for
California huh you definitely need a
jacket hi karma what are you doing
check out this sweet barrier we have oh
there's Luna she's like just plan a by
the way I just love that we have this
yard she can run around cuz we just put
it outside she plays a lot of dogs Molly
the Johnson's dog is over here - well
you miss me you miss me
oh but we have this barrier here because
they took down the RV garage and I don't
know if I showed you guys this during
the day look at all this space remember
there used to be a huge ugly building
there and now there isn't um and we're
gonna turn it into something really cool
but basically is all open up so we have
a barrier there for the puppy and then
we put in this temporary stuff hi Molly
Molly doesn't know how to get over it
karma does but that's okay because we
have to wait to put in a fence and then
we have to build the structure that the
barbeque pits gonna be under and all
that's gonna take a while so we have
that up temporarily
oh boy Lunas so sad I'm gonna go play
with her hi miss Luna Lou hi miss Luna
Lua you've been having so much fun with
all the big doggies enjoy oh you want
this or I got this earth ah okay jump it
I throw for you got it do you want it do
you do you want it go ahead go get it Oh
too slow Molly got to it first come on
go get it okay clearly gonna have to
teach
all right I am done filming and yes I am
in my third shirt up today because I did
some filming I do like to paint shirt so
it doesn't look like I'm in the same
shirt for a week but me and all your out
here we got to go get a well I mean Luna
no I forgot my treat
sit sit No sit sit nope fit go girl
good girl oh she attacks you then you
walk out here or you must loves us so I
just learned that like every time she
does that you just grab a treat and you
tell her what you want to do you give
her a treat that way she learns what she
wants you to do or what she learns what
you want yeah she's still learning
time to take care of the chickens hey
hey girls how's it going yeah like you
want an egg yeah
hey mama's got to give them water first
you see anything in there buddy
two eggs grandma oh he's so good
mm-hmm whoa Jeff oh it's got a little
crack what happened did you drop it
no oh how to crack in it already yeah oh
okay hey eat gum we're gonna eat them
aren't we yeah
aren't we all e yeah yeah why don't you
go put them up so they're safe okay and
then come back all right we gotta check
mixtures not anymore I'm actually
surprised there should be like three or
four in here but I'm also getting buried
or something you have to like picking
between their pool I know you have to
start digging with your hands down this
is Bree that's Reed and Susan we
actually still have it named these ones
but I know a screamer feel bad oh and
then we have to shake this everyone's
around and then these two out here we
don't have names for them yet we don't
uh-huh we need to name them like girl
names from the sprouts lives or we need
to move on from the hold us for houses
yeah all of the original we're like dead
that's about it the only ones that are
here so if you have suggestions for
chicken names us no yeah wait we could
do Brees daughter and Susan's daughter
oh yeah oh that means I don't never tell
us what Brees daughter in Susan's
daughter is and then maybe that'll be
these ones names those ones are a lot
lighter they're getting prettier though
like that ones feathers are growing back
in because she got picked on a lot
they're not as nice as Bree and Susan
Bree and Susan actually come up to us
and like want us to hold her and stuff
she will run at you and attack you
because because she can't see anything
oh thank you
hi No
names I want that one two three you're
very nice I want you call to the hall no
oh no no no no no my mother Molly
doesn't know a lot about chickens so you
guys stay stay
she's kind of cook at that it lost
chicken right in the middle of the bus
hey girl - yes yeah this random
everybody this way should we go get got
I got it
yes okay in your goal who's the chicken
master now chicken zero little dirty I
got the job back I just pulled out a
Ninja Turtles Mega Bloks from the
stockings we must have missed it huh you
want to open it let's open this baby and
see what's in there yes you never know I
think it's gonna be a mystery huh there
will be a turtle rip it oh then we're
trying to film something Wow
oh hey hey guys okay let's open this got
it open you ready
whoa look at all these little pieces you
gotta build your own turtle ollie really
oh that's his head yeah no no he's named
that is Mikey Michael Angelo
Holley that's my key that's pretty cool
huh
and he's got nunchucks that he fights
with yep just like that you can make him
you can make him swing him like this
watch
Lana's getting a bath right now and
she's not very happy yeah it's okay Lena
yeah she had like some sticky goo kee
gunk all over her almost done almost
done almost done you know we gotta get
you all clean okay your dirty little
puppy we so soft and clean so I got this
dinosaur for Ollie for Christmas and
basically it's filled with this liquid
that's likely living organisms that are
bioluminescent and they actually glow so
it's been sitting on the table soaking
up a lot of the sun rays I put food in
it hopefully they're doing okay Finn has
thrown this on the ground a couple of
times which is said to a kill the
organism so I'm hoping there's the whole
life but what we're going to do is I'm
basically now that it has like the day
clock like the cycles it knows when it's
sunny and when it's not and stuff
it should have adjusted so I'm going to
put this in a dark spot 30 minutes and
then we're going to shake it and see if
it glows so I'm gonna put it in this
closet just set it right clear it's
pretty stinkin dark in here and we're
gonna let it sit for 30 minutes and then
we're gonna see if it glows all right
Finn has graduated to a big boy cheer
yeah and your ear
and look at with a fork yeah watch him
show me how you eat so sorry - yeah yeah
you have two forks you lucky boy and all
I graduated to a big boy chairs well huh
arms and he's been quiet Mobile's I know
he's like running back and forth I have
to do something different but he loves
eating with silverware he actually
refuses to eat unless he has a fork
which is I think is just so funny Holly
what time is it
dinosaur time come on we have just
acquired a dinosaur that's been sitting
in a dark room for 30 minutes I'm gonna
take it in here and shake it up and see
what happens
Holly come on really you want to try
this yeah okay so all we have to do says
is shake it and see if it glows okay I'm
gonna turn this off and then we're going
to shake the dust are you ready yeah
okay one two three
light off and we're shaking I'm shaking
it and it's I don't I don't think you
guys could even see but I'm shaking it
and very very barely is there like
little specks of light I think we failed
I'm sorry son you know what I think we
may have killed them when Finn threw it
on the ground a couple times I'm so
bummed I'm sorry buddy I'm calling it
you guys the bioluminescent dinosaur is
a bust
does not work all right the kids are in
bed Luna well Mona was sleeping waiting
I think you're going well we were just
all relaxing on the couch but women
sighs she need to go pee Carver's over
there relaxing oh he's like oh you want
me you and me and we're winding down for
the night it's been a really nice fun
day I actually got a few more things
organized and cleaned up but anyways
we're going to go ahead and end the vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
did want to let you guys know that
Brian's show his album release party is
coming up on the 20th it's going to be
his birthday and I'm so so very proud of
him and I am actually so excited for you
guys to be able to hear the album
finally it has been a long
time coming and it's just exciting like
you guys are gonna get to kind of hear
like a whole new part of our story so if
you guys are in the area please get a
ticket to the show we'll have it linked
down below so you guys can check it all
out it's going to be awesome it's gonna
be fun and sweet Brian's birthday so we
are going to party all together so make
sure you guys check that out give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
we'll see you guys tomorrow hey my
little karma chameleon can you say bye
you
