show me hi if you can open it a little
theme right now come on open it
pull it whatever you wanna be
his
just wanna
coming alright thank you
I am alone
good my god we are headed with my mom to
the Rady Children's Hospital this
hospital is in San Diego so it's like a
good drive for us actually headed in to
do an ultrasound on his kidneys as you
know she's always had one that was a
little bit bigger and something that we
just keep an eye on every like six
months or so we're hoping it went down
alright then you did so good you got a
little hair whose edge was the beginning
you're like what are you doing you know
something I'm performing you you just
getting older and more aware sweet like
what are you doing he's never really
cried before just cutting stranger
danger yes and now we're actually headed
to the doctor's one talked about those
two years in that ultrasound so I'm
hoping for good news we've never run bad
news but always just to my hell that's
the same I'm really hoping for good news
is we are now headed home and let me
look really good so it's kind of famous
we always get which is slightly better
still like a great one which is very
very slight she said that if you had a
great one so that's this life if you
find but it's something we have to keep
an eye on um I would love to just get
like the clear and behold like
everything's great you don't need to
come back but it's also good that we're
at least can be high on in and matter
why I'm not worried about it but it's
just something we have to continue to
keep an eye on especially if he does get
like any kind of UTIs or bladder
infections and stuff like that hey
what's up my little dude yeah yeah hey
how was your doctor's appointment yeah
it was good yeah where's ollie
can you knock knock on the door can you
how just like that Oh Holly where are
you what there you are hi buddy hey did
you go to swim class with Peyton today
no I mean thank you and now you get
presents cause you did so good yeah if
he knows I have more present for him he
was quite afraid of the water
according to
so you guys want to go see him at swim
class go watch Johnson spam because I
think they've logged it without so nice
I'm here to take you today huh okay
all right kiddos I got you some presents
you want to see first I got you a book
it's called the blue turtle I also got
you boy something else you want to see
it it's a puzzle yeah what are you guys
doing hmm
do you like the puzzle yeah you can
match the color to where they belong
good job guys yeah yeah you here you
want to dump it over start over then
I'll help you okay
all right we are home and the dogs in
the side right now and I grab them yeah
I don't have any showed you is Luna
you're getting so busy guys hi doggie
Nikki hey Nikki Sixx oh good girl
how are you how are you yeah just take
care of my herd of dogs right now Molly
and I still living here she'll be doing
I'm probably within the next week though
ah oh my gosh
which Oh kind of me sad because Molly
and Luna as you can see like play all
day long and I go throw you the chicken
the reflect on them and I think I've
already grabbed a couple eggs so in my
chicken I was pretty happy because I
watch them a lot on the cameras and
these two have gotten down a couple
times so I'm proud of you guys oh my God
look she actually came out to see me and
how excited you got down do you know her
name that is Pam well kind of fight
between Pam or Phyllis and a little more
shy than I thought she was going to be
so now I kind of want to go with Phyllis
check out our orange tree we've got some
delicious oranges
you see you you know what they are
they're oranges look at this one it's
huge actually think I'm gonna pick it it
looks totally ready sugar yeah you know
they're good just by themselves that one
looks really good let's go eat it it's
really big here we go Nicole wow it's
that heavy luckily you have the muscles
hey Ollie what do you guys cut up
whoo if you got me wrong yeah is that
from our yard that's so cool and if you
saying he wants to eat sugar with it but
this isn't a letter or so basically a
sugar candy filled us right now help me
cut it
how is it should we get an orange juice
maker see if there are oranges in it and
make some orange juice I mean reading
more orange juice yeah I talked to our
gardener he's going to fertilize the
trees and bring in more plus he has
another person that he garden for he
says will bring make sure you have also
launches this summer it's so cool yeah
lots of people have orange trees around
where we live so it makes it easy not a
lot of people go through the oranges
looks like really orange like bright
orange yeah you like calling it red
love's yummy yeah no it's not spicy it's
kind of sweet like thunder huh hey don't
appeal silly hey babe I think it's time
we address the elephant in the room the
humongous elephant fridge in the room we
got this like what three weeks ago we
had to build a custom cabinet that they
test their that it actually fits right
into so it's a built-in fridge he does
yeah he did our cabinets over there when
we moved in so oh and he smashed it all
perfectly and he goes okay it's
brand-new we finally got the fridge
installed it doesn't need to be painted
so we're hoping in the next couple days
yeah going to give them a tour of it I
freaking love it so much so what
happened it is our drug one rope and
doing put the one that was here in the
garage now our stuff boxes being cold
and not have like icicles all over it
yes literally shaking the other day
so now we got one actually there's a lot
more to the side by side with the top
and bottom this one's actually thinner
than the other one the other ones stuck
out quite a bit it's taller but it's
like thinner so let's absorb a lot of
climate a lot of time in a whole dorm we
got our cheese or condiments our butter
dairy products other condiments yeah I
just lost myself to do that thanks all
we've got waiting for our big drawers
choice for drinks and then all of our
vegetables and meat Lisa and it was
cooled on this fridge is that the
temperature that said that that will
actually there's like two different
motors for Munich two compressors this
thing's a beat refrigerators especially
you cannot get your like food dependence
in it so we're hoping now that we have a
nice big fridge my mouth you be calm and
lastly because yes I am interesting
about lots of milk as you might and
everything might I have to think about
it okay I'm going to drink milk in like
30 minutes we have all of our frozen
boxes our meets our veggies our ice
cream this will especially hold a lot
more yes alright and then we also have
ice and water right here inside so it's
not on the outside which I like yeah
right on the atomic super clean anybody
just really easy to get your water and I
know I know like how do I get a just put
it in there and hopefully walk enough I
love it brother right down there I put
him at his level so he can grab some
good arrows he can open it Alli's come
open the door
show me if you can open it a little seat
come on open it try with both hands on
one bar folded that hand hold it this
hand and hold with this hand there you
go now now try what Oh
every stuff that is ha
I could have glad you got guys having me
quick aqui y P any dragons we keep go
okay here you explain it so what are we
gonna do really yeah
Beauty key okay so we want to be able to
put the keys day so we can leave and get
let me leave and we got a good partners
grab the keys and go right I really like
your idea I think that is a great idea
talking about where we want to hang the
keys because not really afraid it's not
magnetic yeah we have to put like little
keeping a little income here gravity you
yeah well I'm I'm good yeah he's like
you know what I have a really good idea
guys so you came up with a brilliant
idea huh right here right then I got
nothing to do with out here very low see
that idea that was my idea
it was my idea and then it oh goodness
then you tell us the truth was a daddy's
idea or always idea golly he does it was
your idea say thank you soon I am pretty
sad about this situation though all this
was hanging on my fridge it has all
kinds of awards has magnets from all the
places we've been
ah what am I going to do with all this
we've been to so many places and we get
a magnet every single time
I was thinking maybe just like a simple
little whiteboard right here we could
maybe hang them I don't know you guys I
have a very important announcement to
make
yeah you want to know the important
announcement to make is this is the last
daily vlog Fordism yeah in year 4
no more your four vlogs is the last of
the year for vlog know all your 4 is
over your 4 is over tomorrow your 5
starts five years five years and we've
never stopped blogging every five years
we've done that's a five year thing
thank you we gave my
it's our birthday Danny bumper thing hey
Olli what was your favorite thing that
we've done this year we've done so many
things but what's your Disneyland yeah
and what else
Hawaii there you have it guys all these
favorite thing we've done this year is
go to Disneyland and go to Hawaii my
favorite thing we did this year is we
went to London and I got to see Harry
Potter and the cursed child we got to
explore like some amazing places in
London got to see some amazing history I
think that was definitely like a
once-in-a-lifetime trip and I'm just
glad we got to do it all together I say
anything that we did this year was buy a
house move into it and just have our own
home I know I'm not crazy but we bought
a house is here you guys then what was
your favorite thing we've done this year
uh-huh well swim class oh I think Finn's
favorite part of the year with all the
food he ate then favorite thing he did
this year would start bigger than me I
started real food yeah never been was
that sense yeah he loved food yes this
year we have done some amazing things
things that I never thought possible and
I have to say I think I'm just super
proud of my entire family for sticking
through some pretty crazy experiences
and trying to just you know jump over
hurdles to make things happen we bought
a house that's good I think that's one
of the craziest most fulfilling things
that we've ever done as a family we have
a place to call our own and a place to
just love each other and grow old and
I'm excited for what this next year has
to offer I think we have some really big
things in store for our family and I'm
excited that you guys just love to keep
watching yeah yeah do you like them say
I love you guys
did you know Ollie we started daily
vlogging before you were even one mm-hmm
yeah we were vlogging when you were in
mommy's belly and now here you are
you're such a big boy now you know how
to swim you know how to sing yeah you're
just getting so smart aren't you
oh I know
happy fun yes you do you know how to
fight with a lightsaber and what about
your brother he's growing up so much
this year huh Finn went from sitting up
to crawling to walking to joining a swim
class with you he's getting to be a big
boy huh year four was the year I
released my debut album us which was
such an incredible release and I got to
perform some amazing shows around the
country and get to meet a ton of you
guys it's but it's been a really crazy
year like I said I'm just like really
super proud of my family but that's all
you guys that's the very puffs are very
less morally of your four it's our last
vlog I've we're for Jesus April 9 can I
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it leave a comment with your
favorite moment of you boy and we will
see you guys and Jana your 5 let's do it
I stick Olivia Holly what do you say hey
goodbye
ok so I'll let you say bye say bye bye
you
