Ollie Oliver James what in the world are
you - quick wherever you are that's what
ever wanna be big
you never look so
I am
forever
me
hey guys welcome to today's vlog oh you
say good morning Drago
hey guess what I think I have a name
good morning guys
yep I think we have a name for our
little dragged hell if you notice on his
back Ollie he has these spikes well
should we call him spike how about t-rex
but he's a dragon he's not a dinosaur
I like spike because he has spikes on
his on his back is that a cute name
he's cold Oh No warm him up we're hung
up there it goes back to normal
good morning guys we are wake up and
taking care of our little dragon huh
because it's yesterday's vlog we hatched
him and it was so much fun always hungry
see purple means hungry he's eating one
every day one I have decided this is a
path between eight birdies and a
Tamagotchis whoa oh you're so cool
outside of star wars Road yeah always
cold ollie warm him up with your Star
Wars robe and no wonder he's cold
looking outside today you guys it's so
foggy and gloomy and cold so I'm really
excited this morning beak huh our brand
new fridge has arrived I'm so excited
but unfortunately it's one of those
fridges that has to be built into the
cabinet we have a cabin guy our cabinet
guy I think coming over on Monday to
measure and build a custom cabinet for
it's gonna look really nice
and what's really cool is it's actually
smaller width wise than our other fridge
so it won't stick out so much and then I
also got my my new dishwasher coz she
hates the dishwasher that we have now
yeah I'm pretty excited about this new
fridge it's supposed to be one of the
best so it's actually going to keep our
food cold and they even set it with last
longer and one thing that we like in
this family is ice cold milk they just
don't make fridges like they used to
anymore these days
what you can just never get our milk as
cold as we need it
so hopefully this helps too but one
thing we run into a lot is that our
fridge it's not consistent so our food
doesn't last as long we end up buying
food and throwing it away three four
days later because it just looks funny
or smells funny so I'm excited about
this
Ollie Oliver James what in the world are
you to with Oliver what are you doing
right now you trying to get pizza you're
crazy dude you're gonna fall this is my
kid ladies and gentlemen he will go for
great lengths for pizza okay I got it I
got how about we get down karma guess
we'll see watching him you okay
was that fun yeah I get contain goodies
oh really good okay also there's three
pizza boxes in there and you grabbed the
one with cheese pizza that's all you
want
all right hello miss Luna Lou you
enjoying that bully stick of yours I
won't tell you what is just that I don't
know if you like it
what Oh what is that yay goes back we
got some Batman LEGO DUPLO you want to
put them together Batman
it's why aah
put it on just like that perfect snap it
into place that is good huh
oh you missed him hurry take your backup
ammo
okay and let's shoot mr. penguin shoot
him
uh you got me Batman oh he's down that
one wants to play on the slide is he on
his Batmobile can he fly let's see him
fly with it oh he needs its ammo ready
ah all right I've got my boys awk all
ready to go but I'm a little bummed
about how messy this playroom is it's
really messy there's toys everywhere
things falling over I think we need to
clean it up but before we clean it up I
think daddy got us something special I
need something for stuffed animals we
have quite a bit such animals and they
take up a lot of space in the toy box
and then the toys don't actually fit
because big stuffed animals are in there
so I was like can you find something for
stuffed animals and he said he got a
couple of cool things that are really
useful if you have a lot of stuffed
animals I'm gonna go down to the mailbox
with these two or go see if it's here
and maybe we can start cleaning up this
playroom a little bit kay say okay mama
oh my gosh
the Polaris is soaking wet we're gonna
need to get a towel dude and we still
need to do your hair I forgot about that
we definitely can't sit on our soaking
wet Polaris brought the towel oh man
that is soaking wet I'm ready to sit on
this you guys this right end up being a
lot more wet than I hadn't anticipated
fucking wet it's a little bit wrinkly so
I really didn't take it and get it that
way but
it should come in from all angles ah
baby
oh you're betting cards away
okay we're going inside alright you guys
this playroom is a disaster as it should
be
I mean it's not for Christmas that's why
we have the door to hide it it would be
nice because I don't want to play
something a lot and I just take up a lot
of space
yeah be nice to have a place button and
Brian pickups so these are called
munchies and we have a unicorn and then
we also have a doggie and it's kind of
just a fun way to encourage the kids to
put their dang toys away so they have a
zipper on the mouth like itzá set the
animal see that Holly this puppy is
hungry and it needs some stuffed animals
and toys
all right feed Pluto to the munchies put
them in there
stuff him in all right we got Pluto in
here the puppy wants to eat buzz okay no
not mom put Nemo in there there we go
got some toys let's truck in there push
trucks baby in there grab some more toys
let's go this puppy is hungry huh he
needs lots of yummy food yeah there we
go
nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom nom
could be Oh
these are some yummy toys no really it's
okay then you can just sit there the
whole time but spider-man in there I
don't I don't know okay I think that's
the last one in here but this baby in
here
sure baby soft Wow doggies eating that
baby yeah look at all these toys so you
can see them on this side which is cool
yeah puppies all done eatin huh so you
zip it up another
you got a cool little puppy dog pillow
and then cool him it's got all your
favorite stuffed animals in it and that
cool that makes it all nice and soft
that's really nice itíd about it well
he actually has a ton more something the
most but the in his room and I just like
he never plays with him really actually
there's a ton of there too some are like
to display so I need to figure out what
I want to display and what I want to
bring out it would be fun to kind of
fill that unicorn went up to its cool
that's awesome I love it
good idea alright Ollie and boys now
that your room is clean we got to take
all this kitchen stuff back to your room
okay you want to push your cart to your
room get a food delivery let's go
he's a madman with that cart y'all all
right push it in your room
oh my goodness this room is kind of a
mess too come on Finn it is rainy and
cold and wet and dark outside
so we got Starbucks and my guys over I
got snapchat spectacles because we've
been snapping so if you're not following
Missy and I on snapchat go do that of
all that information down below
listen got the hat too well there's
actually funny cuz all he was playing
with the hat smelled the whole way here
and the hatch will fell asleep and then
slowly fell asleep I was like it's
sleeping and he like closed his eyes and
fell asleep
yeah so we are at the penny pickle
Children's Museum so we're gonna take
the points here since all rainy and they
can run around and have fun but we're
waiting for Ollie to wake up and for it
to open
so we have like 20 minutes filibus yeah
but then mate Finn what are you doing
can't handle the car seat we need out
we're parked by the way and stopped it
up right now we're not like we're not
like at a red lighter all right we have
found ourselves at the trampoline park
instead because tiny pickle turned out
to be closed but Ollie is so excited she
jump on the trampoline and so it's mr.
Finnegan he's out there too
oh no Ben what are you doing
Dennis found himself in the foam pit I
think he's trying to climb out right now
Ben Finney what are you doing I don't
know if he's gonna be able to get out of
there
dude you're doing it here I'll help you
the last wait
pull pull yourself up ah good job buddy
all right the kids are now playing on
one of these fun little right and of
course Brian's over here playing games
as well
head Star Wars game actually pretty cool
yeah we do Ollie is now trying to play
some basketball
go Dali go Dali go oh yeah this is how
Olli plays basketball
it's good to stand up there get oh good
job nice try buddy
all right we've had such a fun day with
the boys and as you guys know today it's
actually New Years Eve
I got dressed up a little bit I
basically just like hiked up my boots
and then put on a different shirt and
I'm actually wearing the scarf that I
got in England and it was at this I
think is called the Highland store and
it's actually made in Scotland and I am
obsessed with it I just think it's so
cool
made in Scotland yeah I just think
that's so neat so I'm wearing my little
Scottish scarf and me and Brian are
actually going out tonight and the boys
are staying home with Mimi and Papa and
he's eating some McDonald's the boys
requested McDonald's and I was like know
what that sounds pretty easy my parents
don't to worry about it and we're gonna
be off soon they did get this toy in the
McDonald's and we're pretty much over it
at this point we've heard that song that
piece of the song about 50 times now he
loves it
this is sing songs for you gather to it
by the way
I am also ditching my backpack tonight
which I take this backpack everywhere I
go because it's got all the kids stuff
in it and now I'm just taking my little
wallet got like a little chain that goes
around my shoulder which is really
convenient it's so small it's also my
wallet so I usually usually just it been
here without the chain it's so nice I
can just slip on the chain and now I'm
ready to go cool I am ditching the
diaper bag and we are going out you guys
gonna have so much fun with Mimi Papa
Luna is wearing the cutest little hoodie
and she's actually not very happy with
us and look at Finn he's wearing a
matching sleeper that's so cute
how you doing Luna you look so cute and
so do you fit guys in your matching
plaid
it's how to crazy here we are injured
hands watching a ball drop
you
