hey guys before today's vlog starts we
have a very exciting announcement that
is right I'm very excited to announce
that tickets are now available for
purchase for the US album release party
you guys know last year we did a big
album release party for my EP
this year we're doing it again but for
my album so the release party's gonna be
in LA on January 20th on my birthday you
guys and we're gonna celebrate the
release of my debut album us and it's
gonna be a ton of fun I'm gonna have my
full band there we're gonna be
performing songs from the CD we're gonna
have special guests arrive and I'm
really excited about the show it's more
than a show it's like a big party yes
and we also have two types of tickets
available one is just a general
admission and the other is a VIP ticket
which includes general admission a
meet-and-greet with me and Brian and
then a signed physical copy of the CD
which is really cool how cool is that
yeah so we're really excited and we hope
you guys are too we've been planning
this for a while and it's finally
happening so go down to the description
get tickets because they're very limited
it's a very limited do am i do enough
maybe she'll be there are you still
making a pair you're gonna go so yes go
get your tickets link down below in the
description or Brian money music calm
now on to today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
I am home
come around
of me
good money good morning how are you
buddy
in hey what are they doing right here
got some crazy things happening at our
house today huh yeah they are tearing
down this this is an RV garage it's also
been used as storage but funny story
when we bought the house the original
owner didn't have it permitted we had it
checked and it's actually not scoped
properly kind of a bummer because it was
a great storage thing but now we have to
get it taken down completely it's just
quite a feat so we got guys working on
that today but I think it'll actually
open up some space to actually add
parking spots near the garage and also
possibly a barbecue pit good morning
Luna oh how are you baby girl
hi hi karma good morning what's this
yummy throw Carmen go get it yeah she
wants you oh you like your triple Ã©and
yeah zip it up or zip it down good job
buddy oh yeah got the doggies playing
got the boy playing I think fin just
went down for a nap and we're all ready
for the day I think we might go see a
movie Ollie
what movie you want to see today your
mama
Vicki means Moana we still have not seen
an effort it was really good hey Luna
you did so good last night I heard huh
yes you did you did
all right Missy's got her specs on and
go all right I'm snapping and I'm
vlogging here awesome
this is Missy's point of view right yeah
see myself with a mom looks pretty close
yeah linkie right now is it thumbs or
Missy's gonna go out to the chicken coop
and she's gonna snap on her new
spectacles yeah something good in there
yeah so if you're not following me on
snapchat go do that is that showing up
now yes now I just have to like oh yeah
see there I am and it's pretty cool
watch this it does like portrait and
horizontal you can look at almost like
it's for you all right are you playing
with your puppy hi karma chameleon come
here hi
girl does your skateboard did Santa get
that for you look you got your shoes on
alright let's go check on the chickens
and go see what eggs I got no they make
you so fast
alright let's head in here hello ticket
Oh your stuffs open oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa
I don't even think she did anything
alright guys I don't see any eggs oh no
there's no eggs what are you ladies
doing and you're you're supposed to be
making me eggs come on
you scared the chicken let's go I gotta
make sure I close this - don't know why
it's open so this is so really hard to
get used to by the way we have some
construction going on select some noise
you're hearing I'm trying to keep it
recording and I'm guessing I just keep
pressing it so you just record a bunch
and then you just post it later that
seems kind of weird so I feel like I
should just post it right away
I don't know that'd be kind of weird -
hey girl I will say my favorite thing
about it is the fact I feel like I can't
ever like do as many things like hold
both my kids or show how real life is
because I always have a camera doing it
so it's kind of cool that you're seeing
it from my point and nothing in my hands
how cool I like it here I'm gonna take
him off and show you hey yeah hey hey hi
mr. Finnegan he has awoken from his nap
how was it it was good oh it was good
you're flying
superbaby
- you ready start the day buddy and have
some fun think mama went out to the
chicken coop let's see what she's going
to do kay there she is hanging out by
the chicken coop snapping with her
spectacles I gotta say this sunny day is
so nice after having like a week of rain
what stop right there oh no we got
pirate Ollie he's about to take off
how's she doing today good beautiful day
she's been out all day yeah you didn't
know her boss are you hi hi and look at
our babe it's almost all gone it's
kind of sad scrapings up over there you
know hey guys I am down the back seat
with Ollie where we go in I wanna know
he pronounced that better than us really
good we are all headed to the movies you
got my brother and I gave my dad the
front seat cuz you know he's dead and
Brian's driving and we are gonna go see
one on my dad so I like a few weeks ago
and he has not been able to stop time
are you waving at waving smiley I
doesn't have any won't stop talking
about we actually know all the songs
because my dad plays them 24/7 so I'm
really excited to see the movie to see
what all these songs actually mean I
don't worry Mike you'll feel a lot yeah
we don't want to start the a loss so
we'll probably leave it here so does it
get lost huh but we're excited to see a
movie today I have been watching so much
Harry Potter that I'm not really
channeling my inner Hermione with super
fluffy frizzy hair like imma go with it
we saw yes Harry Potter huh hey Ollie
what are we going to do
yo mama no mama why there's a little
lights on right high five yeah hi oh he
just lays right at us biggest smile on
his face
it's becoming a thing for Finn whenever
he sees anyone he just goes hi give
daddy kind of hugged a hug no bends
downward you got my glasses yeah gonna
have to chase you you better start
running
thanks Roman run oh he's gonna get you
no he doesn't go get him go get a thing
go get him ah disappear
hey where's your brother where's your
brother where's Olli huh Holly in there
huh where's Aubree think oh yeah sure
love it where's words we're hauling
where's ollie
nobody's in the closet oh where is he
he's right there did you find him he's
heading in there like Conan
there he is
I'm gonna get out of there get them Finn
minam screaming speaking oh oh goodness
all right
Papa got you so you remember how this
morning we had people taking down the
are figa Raj
well it's finished and holy crap I think
I'm freaking out look at all of this
space I actually pulled our car holy cow
completely opened up this whole back
yard I'm freaking out there's just so
many different things we can do the
truth of the matter is we probably never
would have put something like that in if
this was our house we don't really have
a use for it so now we actually get to
use this whole backyard space for
something different I have a feeling
we're gonna have very fun summertime
summertime all right now that the kids
are in bed it is time to watch some
Harry Potter with Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Azkaban on Missy is all
cuddled up on the couch next to the
puppy and I am making some dinner if you
had a couple chicken breasts so I'm just
whipping it up in a frying pan with lots
of garlic and rosemary and thyme and it
looks and smells amazing I find if you
cover everything in fresh garlic it
tastes pretty fantastic and then I'm
boiling up some butter and herb noodles
here too
all right now that the kids are asleep
we actually have a couple of late
Christmas presents that we're going to
be opening I have a present from Corbin
and Kelsey which I'm really excited for
and then look at this big box these are
presents from Colin and Katie and we
totally spaced opening that because
Christmas yeah okay this is from carbon
and Kelsey and tissue paper paper just
paper tissue paper tissue paper bubbles
pop it
oMG as many of you guys know I got Missy
a pair of spectacles I had to buy them
on eBay because you can't just go to the
store and buy these you have to go to
like the little kiosk thing and one
popped up in Portland where Corbin
Kelsey where so when I texted him I was
like you need to go get some and I had
no idea that he bought them for me but
that makes a lot of sense so thank you
so much you guys this is amazing I'm so
nice of you
seriously how cool is that now we're
both gonna be snappin art I know I
really am I'm really excited to try that
because you look like you were having
like a ton of fun today all right now we
have Collin and Katie's present lots of
bubbles this stuff looks like fun what
do we got Merry Christmas Happy New Year
:
oh thanks Collin something I'm guessing
it's berry themed especially with all
the blue packaging person help berry
farm Missouri
it looks like dried blueberry oh really
maybe like dried something Oh YUM Finn
loves those all right we've got
blueberry syrup yummy crazy I think
there's a theme going on whoa oh lewb a
o morado Sara amaretto amaretto Sarah um
Thunder muffins Oh fresh muffins open
immediately oh shoot
Oh Oh blueberry jam mmm gift that keeps
on giving
blueberry maple syrup oh I didn't know
there are so many different times to
syrup
I see says open immediately well I
really hope that it was not perishable
oh this is sweet berries of all the
bytes I didn't name yeah and dad too
it's not like that bad yeah bump ah holy
cow they look amazing
oh those are ratchet it's like a real
pie tin oh really
wow those smell like cinnamon II okay
you know we're a good place for that is
in your belly and our bedside table so
that when the kids crawl into our bed in
the morning would you give them off and
we don't have to make them breakfast
that is awesome thank you so much you
guys so you can make muffins a nest in
two and they're all gone
oh thanks Phillip I came to Abby's
nighttime it's time for bed Luna's got a
ton of toys so she doesn't attack us but
she's playing on our bed and karma
Christian is staying safe next to mama
come on that puppy by your ears off
won't eat your bike use off all right
you guys that's all for today's Velarde
vlog be sure that you are following both
Missy and I on snapchat because tomorrow
may be using the spectacles enshrine
them out and be sure to go get tickets
for my la show the US album release
party very excited about that but thank
you guys so much for watching
Lucy manana bye
