Nick hold it out so they can see you Kim
stumbled out like that and then tell
what we're gonna do um hey would you go
feed the doggy
yeah Brando Fiorina wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
just wanna
I am
me
good morning loon I looking for food
there you go baby girl
everyone say good morning to our new
puppy this is Luna she's an Australian
Shepherd and she's 8 weeks old and she
loves food
good morning Finn good morning Holly you
guys playing with the puppy where'd she
go
she just herded Finn to the food yeah
Ali one thing you have to know is she's
a cattle dog so she's gonna herd you
around sometimes if she needs to yeah
she's silly like that okay fine you
don't need to drink out of her water no
no no no good morning guys I hope you
all had a fantastic Christmas if you
have not seen our Christmas special it's
up right before this video go check it
out I'll have a link down below
inscription I mean you can see Santa
actually delivered our puppy didn't he
it's crazy and then he ran away
yeah he did whoa whoa oh he's silly boy
did you have a good Christmas yeah can
play with all your toys this morning
Luna got herself a cool wooden toy Luna
I don't know that's a doggy toy it looks
like a doggy toy but I don't know it's
like Finn's like I got it first I'm
gonna spend let's let her outside kay
look last night hanging like this okay
no it's cold out there huh man Luna
good morning karma you got a good
Christmas too huh buddy oh come I got a
new friend for Christmas
Oh get a karma get and he's been so good
with her they're gonna be really good
friends
all right we are opening some Christmas
toys aren't we
this is the paw patrol Jungle rescue
who's it come with Olie tracker and a
monkey this is a tracker pop yeah watch
this you can put him on the trapdoor
push the button I fell through
oh no the monkeys got control the car
one of the coolest things it does if you
push the banana ooh put the switch so he
can go through the trapdoor he's gone
there he is
make him go down the vine Olie push him
down whoa that's cool and the monkey can
do the same huffing Finn's got the
monkey here you want to put the monkey
huh whee that's pretty cool huh buddy
these kind of toys are really cool
because all he's just now starting to
get into it and uses his imagination
we've been seeing him like with toys and
like little setups like using his
imagination playing so we thought this
would be perfect for him oh no he's
going down the trapdoor and the monkey -
OH
uh-huh it's so fun having a puppy and
there's gonna be an even greater dog
when she's fully grown her and karma are
just kind of run of the whole land it's
gonna be amazing friends given fitting a
little ride and what Mimi and Papa got
him and an ollie it's such a cool wagon
tubes got big old wheels and it's like
the real wooden metal
yeah I got classic one unsafe knows no
seat belts they got the other one for us
last year we used it a ton but it's
almost like we almost needed an upgrade
so plastic it's like falling apart yeah
we used like literally it's outfit out
there right now cuz we use it to like
carry things back and forth and didn't
love this he's so happy and my dad got
both the boys big old Tonka trucks which
are so cool I remember my brother had
one like that when he was a kid they are
also going to be outdoor toys because
those things are so durable we have so
many toys inside that'll be perfect for
the outside Wow
that is a cool police car huh hey babe I
think you need a toolbox tired of it
yeah I was fine it's kind of just
becoming unsafe oh good morning Luna do
you need to go potty come on come on
she's still free to jump off the couch
come on
got it go straight outside after you
wake up so you can go potty come on
come on okay Luna's gotta go potty look
at her such a good doggy
oh she got you she also never goes potty
one so whenever we take her out we have
to make sure that she goes potty twice
she'll pee and then should walk around a
little pee again
it's really cute I'll be gentle in there
karma I think she's got your ball Oh Oh
get it get it
oh so I just came out here look what I
found
what's going on what's going on out here
boys
yeah hang out you poopy that's so cool
karma wants to join the fun he might be
a little big for that wagon though huh
you guys are so cute you been having so
much fun with her no she's just whining
a little that's what puppies do Oh kevie
oh my goodness oh my gosh that was so
sad
and slightly hilarious then okay you're
fine I cut you Finn is completely fine
he got a little scared though and oli in
the puppy are completely fine it's okay
these boys okay
go see mama they were hanging out in the
wagon then it fell over
he's fine just fell in the grass he's
just a little scared yeah
you okay Luna you okay Luna you okay
ollie
yeah I'm fine okay you're fine buddy
with only okay yeah they're fine would
you crazy scary
oh then don't be mushed immature I have
you Potter so good
we've been watching Harry Potter all day
and it makes my heart so happy because
I've never got to watch Harry Potter
with Miss eh actually watching them we
just finished the first one in she's
like I'm watching the second one so
we're going through it's 22 hours movies
so I doubt we'll watch them all today
but gonna try and watch as many as we
can okay like I said may seen I've been
trying to watch Harry Potter all day and
it's very difficult with kids because
they just been kind of a handful it will
tell you who has been the easiest thing
to watch ever Luna she's on her like
fifth nap I think she's perfect and
amazing karma he just takes care of
himself these kids though quite a
handful so we put on more FLE Jarrod
taught me this trick more fully we gave
them both full bottles of milk and they
are sitting on their little couch thing
with a blanket and they are both loving
it
look at that sometimes as a parent you
just got to do what you got to do we
hold it out so they can see you can hold
out like that and then tell what we're
gonna do um hey would you go feed the
doggie yeah we're gonna go feed Munna
come on you come on girl okay come on
there you go come on tank for dinner
let's go come on come on
all right she's eating her dinner like
are you f---ing
you want to get showered all right the
boys are all showered Finn has gone to
bed Luna is so sad for some reason
what's wrong she's a sad
I think it's cuz I left her for like two
minutes alone she seriously has to be
with someone at all times it's really
quite cute Holly what are you doing um I
need Cherie Sunday okay show me
something what did you buy me Carly yeah
well okay oh my giving a kiss is a penny
yeah she's C uh-huh yeah did you have
fun today
yeah yeah I think that's all for today's
video guys if you enjoyed it be sure to
give it a thumbs up or a pop-up thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow
Ali what'd he say
you
