all right we have made it to Buffalo
Wild Wings we're going to grab a quick
lunch and it's so funny because both
Peyton and Oliver are fast asleep so we
put this and put them in this booth
right here so they could nap
they dead huh they're so cute
wherever you are that wherever wanna be
inside
just wanna
coming to you
good morning you are yes we're gonna
play with this puzzle we're going to
take all of yourself up before we do
we're going to practice our song one
more time okay okay so but this time
we're going to point to all the letters
as you can okay - eh eh eh eh eh s zi k
l m n o p q r s t u v w x y and z now i
know my abcs next time won't you sing
with me
with me Olly take a little preschool in
here going on right now bro this machine
I know you sit my a lot of teacher when
is this morning we have a ton going on
and we're just cleaning and organizing
and stuff and the kids were kind of
going crazy it was a game-time so we
pulled out this game Shana she's
bringing dota yeah and it's hai has
bringing to that so we're all very
excited but it's been fun hanging out
with the Johnsons just like what we what
would like be like we had three kids
like Linden free bulbs are what it
brings along we fun good so that's first
time in a day and you're in such a good
mood this morning bro playing the a bro
we can find a furnace Pete no not that
one that's not hey hey this isn't n R is
a it looks like this right here okay
no not K in color and not that one
do you know where it is Peyton right
there good job
so today Missy and I redid our bed what
you think basically what we did is we
got a white duvet and then on top is
something different day like quilt but
it's actually a very like modern looking
clothes it's not like super
old-fashioned at all yeah it's kind of
cool because it slowly fades like what
is cream looks really crisp but then we
put this over to kind of add some color
and protect it from the dogs definitely
live on your lawn so the kids know yeah
we gotta have something kid dog friendly
but really comfy and they actually it's
so comfy right now that if I jump on a
dope yeah basically just super flare
will be really fun timing into the night
yeah and we even this time we put a we
put actually like mattress topper let me
know if you guys use mattress toppers or
not we never have because we like our
mattress but we're like let's try it we
thought we'd try the NASA topper and we
laid on it and you're like just feels
like we're laying on a pillow yeah we
did not the most comfortable thing yeah
yeah we like it we'll touch it up yeah
but what do you guys think of our new
bed set up and look at we look even like
tucked in the corners real hotel yes
that's just what Missy and I always are
trying to do we're always trying to get
our bed to be like a hotel bed done that
for so long we've always been trying to
find like the best sheets the best
pillows the best mattress so the best
place is that it's easy to make your bed
that's a big part of making you belly
it's something easy to make it look good
every day yeah I like it though I like
the colors nice and simple
the dolphin really enjoy yeah the dogs
are going to be like oMG this is the
most comfortable bed ever oh hello
Batman
what you doing fighting crime yet yeah
hey are you a bad guy or a good guy
you're a good guy oh really you guys
having fun together today just look at
his Batman mask doesn't even fit him
they're gonna be extra cray she's
playing a game with the kids right now
who can clean up the low and always
clear stuff away MacRay you got it bro
you guys won't get fruit snacks now stop
cleaning up your room buddy so I'm just
getting a video done today and pretty
excited about that I got a little bit of
work done as well around the house Oh in
the way he actually took another awesome
not today so shot of him today's time
like mama
um can you hear me this one is taking
his nap now we're actually headed to
lunch when the meetup was Bryan and just
in town and we're just going to eat some
food and then I have to go get a couple
things again for the baby shower so
that's going on or helping with and
Bryan end up just shipping off a few
things for Kelsie and Corbin that I mean
maybe decide for like ever I'm actually
sending her a few wrap and like baby
carriers which is kind of cool because
it'll be fun to see her using them when
like Finn and all I've used those one
and then also sent her all of my cloth
diapers so you guys don't know i cloth
diapers with always for the first six
months and for me it just was like did
not work I wish it had and I think if
you are wanting to cloth diapers you
should totally try it but for me it did
not work he learned sleep every single
day multiple times a day I tried
different kinds of watching different
kinds of diapers and for some reasons he
leaked every single time and so anyways
it kind of it talked about wanting to
maybe try it and solve like well you
should have paid all my clothes Ivers
and try it and if you don't enjoy it
then you know you can tell them or
donate them or you can keep them I think
she's going to try it so I'm kind of
excited for her and she's doing using
all of all
old diapers hopefully they don't leak
for her though hopefully she can figure
it out because I could not all right we
have made it to Buffalo Wild Wings we're
going to grab a quick lunch and it's so
funny because both Peyton and Oliver are
fast asleep so we put this and put them
in this booth right here so they can nap
nope are they dead huh this post cute
we're in the grocery store I'm always
very excited because there's chicken I
know that's a really cute little idea
huh
oh I see they're brand new I know it
probably has been it's actually pretty
late right now and we got home you're
like we have nothing in the house like
no milk no many pancakes if you don't
have baby pancake like cannot go on
we're just kind of running out of a lot
of things though so we got the kids and
we actually are on a family grocery trip
pretty late night as you can tell
there's no one in the grocery store
hitter time yeah it's nice we actually
got some McDonald's there eating dinner
while we shop and then we're gonna fit
in a bed and then maybe meanwhile make a
little bit of ourselves and right below
that the giant football helmet oh wow
Arthur just has all the cool stuff all
right it's time for bed for this okay
you excited to go to bed I need you need
to eat a doughnut yeah okay he's been
talking about eating a doughnut like all
day I pulled one in the morning for
breakfast you can eat a doughnut and so
he's actually pretty excited to go to
bed so that in the morning
you can't doughnut right sounds
basically what you're trying to say oh
you can sleep with Ironman tight no no
you only sit him up here for you know
where do you want to good one yeah okay
oh my goodness um you don't want the
baby either all right you put it over
there I'm like you guys have heard a
little bit of drama going on in this
bedroom a while back we that redecorated
his room and we put the mousse in his
room and
we like most nice like say goodnight
moose and she used to call him like mr.
mu or movement or something like that
some my ah all of a sudden he's decided
it'd be scariest thing in his entire
life and he wants it out of this room so
badly and every time you look at it he's
scared just it was so bad I need to get
it down but I always forget
and then bedtime comes he's like get out
of here and I'm like I'm sorry we need
Papa Cal Papa right now say Papa can you
take the Moose down toughing young keiki
miss kau I'm sure he actually wanted to
do you like I keep forgetting to take
that down yeah I won he's okay he's nice
so he just watches and make sure nothing
can get me hot all right Leslie jump
that's a little bit of drama that goes
on every night and he's like get it out
of here
okay we'll get it out tomorrow okay all
right right down I know
oh well I'll stay here and watch to make
sure he doesn't move okay you look so
comfy yeah all right kind of kids my all
right I'll a good night I love you and
you are you now for the best time of the
night tearing apart this beautiful bed
go ahead doink doink doink doink doink
doink
oh that looks comfy babe yeah yeah a
little soft and a little Sookie oh it's
like sleeping on a marshmallow it is
like a little too soft
oh no this is nice I like it I like it
she's really nice I don't think I'm
gonna be able to get out of this bad
babe I know how are you gonna get out
when the kids wake up into the mail
Oh feels so good you guys
ready to come in crying aw ruining our
moment of adult peace hood here's three
we won't hurt it you probably ain't like
subconsciously heard a kid crying
because you just relaxed
yeah I only went ahead and actually
probably ate that feature all right you
guys we're gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog but I wanted to remind you
that I am performing a show this Friday
in LA at the Belasco theater so go get
your tickets link down below in the
description we only have 30 more VIP
tickets available so once those are gone
they are calling it and they're not
gonna allow any more people into the
venue so go get your tickets if you
haven't already excited to see you guys
and hoping that I get over this cold
yeah under the show so that's all
so like I've had a cold for like three
weeks now yeah but anyway thanks for
watching today's video guys hope you
enjoyed it give you sure to give a
thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
happy for they comment below and we'll
see you tomorrow leave a comment below
with your favorite piece of bedding this
is a pillow
it's the mattress is it but this is the
blanket let us know don't see them off I
