Ollie what are you watchin you watchin
Harry Potter I think I have accomplished
all my goals as being a dad you like
Harry Potter ha ha oh I like the best
dad ever
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
sauce since that big
hi
Trevor
money good morning good morning babe we
are all up and getting ready for this we
do need to find Fred today huh yeah fred
has been missing for like two or three
days now and I'm actually really worried
it's like crazy active nose pull he
might be at the North Pole yeah maybe
his sleigh got stuck in the snow
yeah you want to go get Finn oh yeah
let's go get your brother come on good
morning mr. Finnegan you got a big ol
smile on his face oh my gosh and who is
he dressed as ollie iron man
who's a fireman that you watch on TV
that's also a dog see myself from paw
patrol ha ha you know what your cousin
Casey he's a fireman too and so is rose
hmm
yeah they like to fight fire wonder if
they work with Marshall well they
probably do ya know how's his lip doing
this morning it looks good it's got like
a little like mark but it's not look
swollen
yeah huh stop ow
oh it does have a phone oh really good
Oh walkie-talkie
what you got you got an egg and no
attack for money walk right in there so
peacefully Petter chicken grab an egg we
need to find Fred yes do you know where
he is where is he
maybe my office no I think he might
actually be my office he's never in my
office Olli let's go check No it looks
like the evil Lord Voldemort casted a
spell on him yes is Dobby trying to save
him save him
yeah looks like Bobby's trying to
protect himself by hiding behind this
trunk wonder how long he's been here we
don't even go in the office he could
have been here for days it looks like
Harry Potter is about to swoop in and
save the day though huh yeah you want to
help him help him defeat Lord Voldemort
hit Lord Voldemort
bad Baldy oh those are very nice it cast
a spell on our Elf on the Shelf huh
and good job oh you saved the day you
and Harry Potter saved the day let's go
put in my different shop okay it'll take
him here's get back over here
oh hi we have been doing it some
Christmas shopping today and my mom and
dad had the kids and they my mom and dad
picked me up a special little gift some
like right my eye so I'm like you guys
got me a gift right yeah kinda gonna do
yeah hey Ollie did Mimi and Papa get me
a gift
what'd they get me wait what are you
talking about uh they actually went down
and they got me a couple of laying hens
because I need more and I have one
that's length and one that's probably
not ever going to lay and if she does
it'll be a little tiny white egg
they got me more Rhode Island Reds look
at these girls welcome to the family
yeah so she got me two more which is
really nice cuz I think we're gonna
they're already laying and one has some
missing feathers but they'll grow in she
was kind of getting pecked at the farm
they were at and then this one looks a
lot like Brie what do you think Oh cute
yeah that one she got a little peck but
they'll grow back and the other one
looks a lot like brie but Brie is
actually really gorgeous she's got very
silky beautiful coat so her on your
family members dude thank you oh hi hey
hey y'all chickens ticka ticka thing to
do oh my god I'm so excited to get more
than one egg a day I know they say
they're already laying and they're
pretty big eggs to us so are they very
year a year oh it's good year old little
Rhode Island Reds and I think we might
get maybe a couple more and they're
gonna be a little more exotic looking
maybe a couple that like lay cool
colored working eggs like that so got to
put this chicken coop to work basically
we got lots of space and barely any
chicken miss Susan
Holly what are you watching you watching
Harry Potter I think I have accomplished
all my goals as being a dad
oh he's watching her do you like it
there in the flying car trying to get to
school yeah Finn you want to watch too
oh yes I turned on Harry Potter in the
Chamber of Secrets and I saw in front of
it and he loves it you like Harry Potter
ha ha oh I'm like the best dad ever
it's that term of the night all the kids
go to sleep so I'm passed out on the
couch
as did I right next to it it was
glorious
goodnight buddy
all right you guys we got both kids to
bed and I just changed the number for
how many days are left until Christmas
and I got really scared four days left
till Christmas you guys
can you move that baby it's basically
like you've done a little bit
I'm in full Christmas failure mode I
feel like I have so many people yeah I
think the London trip definitely threw
us off completely I didn't even think
about that we should have thought about
that yeah so that's for weird I don't
likely he's gonna happen this is gonna
be wonderful and it doesn't matter
mm-hmm what we get we don't get alien
it's just like one of those things that
you like you mentally prepare yourself
for and then like when you don't
mentally prepare yourself for you feel
like you almost missed out on like
celebrating it you know I mean yeah I
get that all of a sudden here it's like
because I feel like we normally get to
do lots of things like going to like see
light yeah we definitely need to go see
Christmas like I really love watching
like nativity scenes like live nativity
scenes stuff like that we just really
missed out on all that stuff yeah yeah
four days till Christmas guys hope you
guys are excited because we're gonna
have a really great Christmas this year
we're really excited just put the boys
like they're just amazing ages right now
so but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment and we will see you manana bye
you
