gotta get out swing your leg over to the
chair you're trapped in there forever
yeah no you're trapped in there forever
sorry wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe
sauceman's that big blue eyes
oh good Ziggy
Oh
every
good morning guys is a beautiful day
today the sun is shining blue leaves
everywhere and we are headed down to go
get our egg this morning but if you guys
did not watch yesterday's vlog it's
literally at the very beginning our
rooster attacked me so I'm really mad at
him and I'm kind of scared now of my
coop so I'm pretty sure I have to just
get rid of him just cuz especially for
the kids they like to come over here and
like play with the chickens and I can't
be risking them attacking us you found
it Oh oh my goodness all right baby
okay I'm sorry
nothing just broke the Roosters gonna
get out alright I can close this alright
well I just put it like that I'm pretty
sure it's broken Papa's gonna have to
fix that are you okay bud you could have
fell on in you just put too much
pressure on it alright let's go up to
the house like I was saying though that
rooster is scary and I don't want him
out in the yard because if the kids go
in the yard I don't trust him like I
feel like he would attack them and for
doing nothing like just walk around the
yard he might just run at them little
Finny just how to first no it wasn't his
first piece of candy or is his first
tumble it was a very sad first he got
his very first fat lip let me see that
lip fin let me see he keeps licking it
oh yeah
poor guy so pay and Ollie are here and
they were playing out back in this
section which I don't we never opened
this up we never even opened this up or
let them play out here I was 'aslim play
and then they were running and based on
a like truth and fell right yeah
so it's been like home hospital over
here today but I'm pretty sure he's fine
it doesn't it totally stopped bleeding
and I don't think it's deep enough
yeah it's not deep enough to need like
stitches all I haven't even had like
that that of blood coming up yeah and he
keeps licking pay which is actually
really cute well when you're on the
airplane he was getting mad at me and he
literally head-butted me so far that I
remember like licking it on the plane
like every because it was just like
bleeding like yeah outlet from him
headcheese Finny I know the feelings in
III think typifies with you oh guy are
you happy now Ali right on his lip and
see the owie I'll kiss bottom lip you I
give him a kiss on the cheek
yeah say I hope you feel better oh are
you okay pay
where's ami where's Ali I always give
clues to where ya go in him okay I'm
Finn go get him Finn go get him is he in
there he doing in there hey where is he
I lost him Ali you silly goose Molly got
the chickens are they okay oh no
something is happening Oh what happened
what happened Oliver come here Oliver
come here they they probably just opened
the thing and let the chickens out on
accident and where is Susan Oh Susan hi
Susan
Susan's okay where is BRE breeze over
there she okay
breeze okay well Molly got to the
rooster you
I guess it's ok Olli okay um hey in Olli
why don't we go inside okay let's go
inside let's go playing the ball pit
kick guys poor Lenny our rooster we're
not sure if he's in any pain
oh really bad cuz I feel like I don't I
don't know what the home is but most
likely he's not okay I'm just gonna call
my dad
Pablo fixes everything oh my goodness oh
the kids let the rooster out there let
them out he'll actually open up the egg
boxes huh yeah okay so I invited this
morning all he was getting the egg out
and he went on it and it broke oh I just
set it back up that I thought oh this
will be fine but I'm sure the kids went
over there to go get more eh yeah
and let them oh look at him he's
standing up right now
Molly seriously had him by the neck him
was dragging him I was like telling my
mom hang on hang on you know what I
think - I'm pretty sure that the rooster
antagonized her because why would she go
for him exact not the other one so I'm
pretty sure that he was trying to attack
her what do we do with him he's acting
fine maybe he's just a little in shock
uh are you okay Lenny he's like
literally just taking a breather okay
he's just walking around seriously
thought we were eating chicken for
Christmas but okay dude that roosters
indestructible we're all scared
Rob well full-on attacked Missy's legs
yesterday oh my gosh you guys it's okay
Molly were you just trying to have a fun
time with Lenny
he's okay we're gonna keep her in here
for now until we get them back in the
coop it's okay kiddos the roosters good
you gotta get out swing your leg over to
the chair you're trapped in there
forever
yeah nope you're trapped in there
forever sorry okay all of us are
sandwiched in the laundry room we're
doing we are checking out our home
security footage we have this really
great view of the back deck and we just
found the spot both the kids are out the
chickens are out the dogs are out and
craziness is about to happen there's
Molly let's see who strikes first the
rooster Oh Molly
Hey
I'm Emily I know she oh here comes Olli
be a good boy Olli please oh I'm afraid
that was sent out I know if we knew that
the kids are out there with them we
would not let that look she's protecting
the kids from the rooster like she like
is going between them softly sobbing
something's happening right there see
pains like we're good
Somalis just like family for my kids get
out of here oh no oh my god oh my gosh
oh my gosh Oh Molly's got her Molly's
got him and my god that's where we found
him
so as far as I can tell the rooster
attacked Molly all he got really mad for
carrying at them right now as Molly's
got him oh my gosh pork head oh he tried
to protect Molly but that wrister just
know molly was trying to protect the
kids and then all he was like get away
from the dog and then the rooster
attacked Molly and Molly was like uh-uh
no you don't attack the golden retriever
all he's trying to stop them right now
and now he's running over he's telling
you coming over literally right inside
Molly's got the chickens all right we
watched all the footage and it seems
like the restorer is actually fine
enough fine honestly that thing is that
thing is seriously indestructible I'm
Missy yeah yeah he look at he's walking
around with his chicks right now he's
fine that's nuts
I feel bad because I talked a little bit
of crap about it your past couple days I
didn't deserve that but Molly didn't do
anything wrong either but you still have
to go yeah I think we were actually
planning on today I'm taking him to like
a little dairy farm where he can play
and not one of the lot not like a
subjective dairy farm ha ha you know
like an actual day Harry Potter or he
can just go it's a farm maybe a rooster
all right Lenny he honestly is totally
fine he has no injuries his feathers are
all back to normal because they were a
little scuffled and he's totally fine
he's been pecking around and doing great
but honestly I think it's time because
he I don't trust him around the kids and
I'll trust him around myself but we are
taking him to a really nice farm that he
acts
he was going to get to like just run
around or they were gonna say goodbye to
Lenny cuz Lenny's kind of mean now okay
so we're just gonna let him go so we can
go visit him okay
he's so sweet right now because my dad
has him and he'll kill him if he tries
to eat us really
I remember when you were just a little
baby girl cuz you were a little baby
girl remember she was so cute huh and
then she turned into a he and then he
got very angry and mean but as we
grabbed him he is attached to zijn and
was probably trying to like pin her down
so again she's like putting my chicken
she's putting our kid she hurting me all
right he by mr. rooster by Lenny it's
very fun and say goodbye don't give my
pet yeah we don't get give my pot just
cut him right here yeah yeah I'm glad
he's okay yeah I'm glad he I'm glad he
didn't like him anything that he's
totally fine I thought I like oh gosh
it's not good that he's fine and Molly
was just playing Molly would suffice
you look fun to play with no way dude
that's me she's never seen a chicken in
her life did you say Popeye hey Minnie
he's like I'm not eat you hmm you go get
you you're safe for work you're gonna
miss a Kehinde lingo oh my gosh I'm
gonna miss the call I'll do so much like
I love the Kakadu all day we got
chocolate chippy pancakes
then what do you do it that is what
happened I flipped over that pancake and
it splattered on the hot butter that I
had on in real and it got all over my
arm and it hurts so bad huh
no yeah don't do that kiss my arm all
better
you kiss it thank you you guys excited
for chocolate chip pancakes yummy
all right the boys are all bathed and
the jammies and they're ready oh he
already got it open where they're ready
to open their Christmas bulbs we
actually missed yesterday because we
weren't even home until are they
wandering home until after they were
asleep bein actually has day sticks I
think you have seven so you open yours
so they each gonna open one seven days
till Christmas yesterday six days of
Christmas day he got some chocolate all
right let's see what your note says
first this is what you're supposed to do
yesterday what is it
oh my goodness Santa Claus it says make
a Christmas card for me me do you want
to draw a picture and make your little
Christmas card all right so that's yours
I know why your cheeks are so red and
Finn did you have yours
no you already closed yours again all
right open it up here's your chocolate
Finn all right you ate your chocolate
and let's see this one says it says feed
the birdies yeah so what we'll do is
tomorrow we'll go out we'll maybe get
some like little bird seeds and we'll
feed the birdies okay oh yeah or we can
just probably just feed the chickens you
want to feed the chickens tomorrow yes
we feed good chicken
okay so we'll feed the birdies and the
chickens make sure you guys give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it did
you enjoy it
yeah yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
what do you say
you
