and all of the kids are here now
enjoying the playroom they are loving us
yeah throw mended and first like way
over there oh yeah
he's tough yes that kid is ha right
wonder wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe
I'm forever
me
good morning guys good mornin how are
you you sleep good yeah what do we have
to do this morning beanie Franklin we
need to find Fred Finn morning elf
finding ritual has commenced where is
Fred where is Fred oh my goodness Tork
oh so that must be the little door that
he takes to go see Santa every night huh
this is her North Pole that good don't
husband
don't touch Fred that is so crazy
so Fred he must have climbed out of his
little door today and then just took a
squat there huh that's pretty cool you
guys so that must be the way he leaves
every day that's where Santa lives right
in here that's the North Pole
so he must go through that door go visit
Santa and then he comes back and then I
guess he just makes himself at home
that's a pretty cool spot for Fred huh
hey what happened oh he's gone he just
disappeared right in front of our eyes
didn't he door open oh yeah that's gonna
leave a draft so we're just gonna shut
that we'll see him tomorrow okay he's
like hi Fred where are you what you know
all right babe how many days till
Christmas
oh it's a big ball today Olli you're
gonna crack it open like an egg ooh
what's in there split it in half for
your brother oh that's a baby hat that's
enough for Fred he'll be very happy
thank you ollie
it's not gonna work yeah good job thank
you buddy all right let's see what you
have to do okay this is a good one for a
Saturday when we have a really busy day
why did Santa plan this one that's a
Badou this one don't eat foods the local
pet shelter oh I'm gonna go buy some
food for some dogs doggies and we're
gonna help out the shelter and give them
give all the doggies some food that
sounds fun huh I'm on me all right Allie
and I are already right what are we
doing we gonna add the pet store gonna
go the pet store and get some food for
all the kitties and doggies right yes
we're gonna go on adventure we're gonna
do that I'm also gonna get some lunch
let's go
you got a happy meal yeah what's in
there we got some chicken what else you
get some french fries what else is in
there Apple's what is it it looks like a
turtle yeah yeah we walked into
McDonald's he ran towards the display
and yell Turtles
this is Michelangelo yeah okay this is
pretty cool that look he's got a button
on the back and if you push it he spins
push it hold it this leg and then push
this good job dude you're welcome all
right we are ready to go aren't we yeah
we got some big huge bags of food what's
that a bone and what else a rope toy and
alligator and what else
oh our dragon yeah and a ball guy picked
up food and then all I really wanted to
get them toys as well so we got a little
toys let's head in there kay
all right we just finished dropping off
all our goodies and now all he's walking
to me oh you see doggies those are the
puppies you you bought food for Ollie's
all right you guys so we actually came
on our really good day
Santa is here taking pictures with a
giant mask you want to get a picture
taken
yeah he does have done yeah all right
all you just met Santa did you tell him
what you wanted
yeah well tell him hurry oh you're so
funny
did you ask Santa for a puppy you don't
want to leave okay let's look at a
couple more animals kay yeah there's
kitty cats in there look at there some
over here
what a fun day Holi yeah so after
getting our picture taken with Santa we
checked out some of the kitties and
walked around and then super funny story
just so happened they were having a
little kids camp at the Animal Shelter
where they were doing like arts and
crafts and stuff and every single kid
knew who we were Holly it was really
cute there was like 20 kids who were
like all crowding around me and the
teacher was so confused as we were
walking through she's like would you
want to come and talk to the kids and
see how they all really want to say hi
we all talked to them we did some arts
and crafts and they made you a little
candy cane reindeer huh that's so fun
and we took a big group photo with all
the kids so I'll put it here one day
that was really fun Holly all right
let's head back home with a little
ornament with puppy dogs on it did you
donate to the shelter in your dog food
he screamed at Santa that he wanted a
puppy for Christmas he took a picture
with Santa and then as he was walking
away I was like did you tell what you
want for Christmas and he goes I want a
puppy for Christmas like oh my gosh
yeah so Ollie and I are back home now we
had such a fun morning and all of the
kids are here now enjoying the playroom
Liv are you blogging the exception ha ha
ha Lee keep those balls in there please
huh there are loving us next yeah throw
men dude at first like way over there oh
yeah he's tough yes
that kid is ha all right winner and we
are working on some fun party things
Missy is making a huge saran wrap ball
with presents hidden in it oh that you
pull a gift card yeah that's awesome
soccer is falling you got to sign me at
you how hard it is to find the
end-of-summer in that yeah and in the
middle there's a very cool prize
we have some cool games and some cool
prizes tonight I'm really excited Merry
Christmas ladies and gentlemen our
Christmas party has officially begun hey
Tara
this party is lit Oh get it cuz we're
all lit up
the Talbots are here and they showed up
more fashionable than ugly so so Missy
is a hot gluing things today by the way
yet this is what Missy and tal look like
got bells on our feet we got the wiry
skirt that's awesome you guys look good
everyone is getting set up and stuff out
here so I'm gonna show you what we got
no no we have an amazing bartender
mixing up drinks cranberry amaretto
right there we have band setting up
hello band
thank you for rockin out we got Cassie
and Jimmy let's do the sweaters let's
see the sweaters copycat you copied me
r2d2 in the hizzy
and she's got the buddy the elf yes and
then behind this wonderful plethora of
Santa's is our cooks preparing us
amazing food oh look at that that's
beautiful it smells so amazing and
definite is there anything in here oh my
god there's food in there oh I'm so
ignited for the food I barely ate all
day because I knew this was going to be
amazing
okay everybody is circling up who's
ready for game
we're going to do is there's a ton of
prizes in here then we're going to
basically go around stay under lap one
rattle about you camera right and you
get you get two problems I'll show you a
surprise
and now wait for is dieter so the first
time you're like right we'll be rolling
guys do they get doubles it's not yours
are you ready go go
it's guys stay on your lap
she's gonna go slower all right Daniel
what'd you get got gum
rachel is going hard right now always
new scene you got to find out it's so
small right now
got it all right it is now time for the
ugly Christmas sweater contest so
everyone looks amazing and everyone's
going to vote for who they think should
win a very awesome prize and I'm very
excited but I'm going to showcase all of
the amazing other sweaters to you guys
right now so let me know in the comments
who do you think has the best ugly
sweater I admit a bowl of ramen because
I was hungry and I didn't know to put
sriracha all right sriracha on the side
I made them some scratch there Akili
idaho music video you will not recognize
Reata on itunes the honor of rogue one
we don't have light but I must say that
my best portrays all of the holidays I'm
Italian and I made my outfit whoa this
was this grandmas utter ladies and
gentlemen I'm Justin I really wanted
like food yeah
this is a picture of my very first
auction of bugs worth dead all right my
name is Tyler and this sweater belonged
to Garrett's mother yeah Noah ionically
picked this to wear today it was just an
average ugly sweater to target but I had
a few touches there's a kidney queen
with the tags to attach the extra
champion Byron the prettiest ugly
sweater is again flying over all right
I'm Cassie this is my ELF sweater
instead of it's ginormous
what's up with suspenders on it and
enough I opt route we got oh
many long nights walking down idols at
Walmart I wired lights myself I'm Hana
anything yogurt off and this is your mom
wait okay I'm Haley this is also rude
off and this is actually his nose
doesn't light up it's not rude up hey
guys I'm Rosie
I'm a gift that's all I got gift that
keeps on giving that's Casey not a
sweater that's a long-sleeve t-shirt
track suit not a sweater my school is
out of Missy's closet
that's Missy sweater Bryan's was too big
I don't fit in the back it actually fit
him nicely how does everyone vote pretty
something it all right there was a lot
of oh I was are wait the winter top of
everyone the runner-up was Andrew winner
is Justin Chris yeah bro you know what
did it the sriracha this wrong the
sriracha I'm gonna open it up
you know
there
