wherever you are that's where I wanna be
big blue eyes
I am
over every
is me
can you guys believe nine days until
Christmas nine days until Christmas look
what I have all I guess what only nine
days until Christmas really you want to
open up your Advent today what's in it
well we got a little note and what's
that chunky chocolate what's it look
like oh it looks like it has a little
moon with a Santa hat on it yeah you
want to eat it
go ahead nine days till Christmas I'm so
excited - all right let's read your
Advent and see what it says okay
it says play a family game baby really
you want to play a family game today
yeah I think that sounds super fun but
before we can do that we had to do
something huh good morning ollie
you want to help me find my friend Fred
yeah should we go look for him yeah all
right let's go find Fred no all you
spread in there no no all right let's go
find somewhere else see you there No is
he in there no we're checking to see if
Fred's and Finn's room let's go boys
let's go oh look at that Christmas tree
we set this up yesterday for Finn yes it
does have one of your t-rexes and it has
a triceratops yeah we got to put those
on your tree but the history is very
woodland creature kind of matches his
seem going on over here and it's so cute
I'm not fit or do you think Fred's is
let's check those drawers yeah nope two
at a time we gotta get this done careful
of his fingers nope
mm-hmm Holly did you find fried oh no oh
you didn't know oh well I think it
supposed to be a nice day out you want
to go play outside yeah all right well
since we can't find Fred let's go play
outside where it's supposed to be nice
and beautiful and sunny
Oh No
what's going on outside raining really
hard huh yeah no it's all wet and cold
we got to stay inside now I'm sorry guys
yeah see the rain yeah all right well
let's see if you can find Fred you don't
see him huh what is that
I think that's an arrow yeah
what happened
let's Amy what did he do
just gotta kidding it's on his bow did
he fill your playroom with balls oh my
goodness that is a lot of balls do you
see Fred anywhere I was always right
there huh oh my gosh you guys our little
elf on the shelf Fred pranked us so hard
Hey
becomes Etta it is like an ocean huh go
bed like really mom Wow your whole room
oh no where's ollie
Oh No look at all your toys are buried -
you're gonna jump in jump in buddy
that was so nice of Fred gonna make some
fun in your playroom on a wet day huh
this is probably the coolest thing that
fred has ever done that's so cool
hey oli how many balls do you think are
in here right now 1 3 4 9 10 so 134,000
okay I'm gonna count them really quick
okay okay one two three four five six
hours late ale twenty four thousand nine
hundred ninety seven twenty four
thousand nine hundred ninety eight
twenty four thousand nine hundred ninety
nine twenty five thousand there's 25,000
balls in here ollie
really
where's Olli where is he where is he
Olli
hey Thank You Fred best prank ever
it's seriously coming down like crazy
you guys I was like oh my gosh is coming
down so thick that's our gutter you can
really see it in the pool it's
completely flooding right here oh my
gosh when you look out there just like
yeah yeah everything is like thank you
sky looking at alternative green nice
I'm seriously so thankful that Fred got
the ball pit in the playroom because the
kids are really going to enjoy playing
with it and I think Payton is coming
over to hang out with all the by the way
look at my ugly sweater it says I just
like to smile smiling's my favorite
oh hey Ollie okay you just watching a
movie watching a movie eating pizza in a
ball pit in his playroom okay the kid is
good so like we said it is a very very
cold rainy day so I don't think we're
gonna be doing a lot of stuff outside
but what I'm gonna do is stuff inside
and that is some baking when it's a cold
rainy day I feel like baking is all
always right sighs I'm gonna make my
famous chocolate chip cookies which i am
excited about sounds really good and all
I wants to help out and I'm also going
to make a little Christmassy potpourri
normally I like to use like orange slice
and stuff I again still don't have like
any groceries in the house so we're just
going to use some cloves some cinnamon
sticks some pumpkin pie spice and
cranberries I'm excited for a day to
relax in the house and just cook and
spend time with the family all right
there it is I've got cranberries cloves
pumpkin spice and cinnamon sticks really
pretty and I bet it's gonna smell really
good okay so as you guys know we are
throwing a Christmas party this weekend
and we have a ton of poinsettias for the
party we have really big ones and we
have a ton of little ones and the big
ones we set in the fountain right here
and it looks amazing cuz it was just
full of point setiap flowers but now
it's pouring rain there's like three
inches of water at the fountain and so
I'm rushing out there to save them
because I don't want them to flood and
then die and fall apart Oh
braving the rain a little bit then what
are you doing out here
easy get back inside Missy he's walking
in the rain you like it yeah crazy kid
what do you think of the rain good we
bought a bazillion poinsettias and
they're literally flooding oh my gosh
happy but anymore they yeah they're good
buddy I seriously had to change because
I was soaking wet you guys and I had to
blow-dry my hair so it's private crazy
out there
so excited because pee is here hey what
are you thinking always playroom pretty
cool we did this Wow
and where is he crazy
Fred go amazing I love it I love
watching you have so much fun like this
dude our kids are gonna remember this
for the rest of their lives
Oh straight house right now I oh hey
what's going on here this is so cool
this is wearing tights and a skirt and
is that a oh yeah it's a turtleneck
getting ready for that she's getting
ready for the Christmas party this is
the bare bones you guys will see once
it's completely decorated that feeling
when you walk into the kitchen at
exactly the right time
cookies Oh yummy me I am Bob Pitts it I
pay well doing peg
cutting me up huh up I see gee capo are
you stand back here
Mama's gonna play the pan okay ready
okay
I'm always just saying the whole song a
few minutes ago it was so cute and I am
determined to get him to do it one more
time on camera
you
