get on the table kid on the table
looking like a fool with your kid on the
table what you're doing on the table
what you doing on the table wherever you
are that's whatever wannabe
that big
Oh
come to every
good morning how are you buddy guess
what both of our hairs is so long huh
yeah let me see your long crazy hair no
nuts gonna get a haircut today yeah oh
yeah it's so yucky apparently if you
have long hair it's so lucky good
morning guys Ollie and I are out to go
get our hair cut today by who Trang
Travis he loves going to see Travis
don't ya oh he's gonna cut your hair all
nice huh yeah honestly with the way that
Travis cuts my hair I love him too he's
a great man alright let's go get our
hair cut kay so first time we've ever
done anything like this
so I'm gonna get my hair cut and he's
gonna watch a show and then we're gonna
swap and hopefully it goes okay you're
gonna be a good boy right promise okay
alright all ready for my haircut and
Ollie is being such a good boy just
watching some YouTube kids good morning
guys I just got pinned down for his nap
he's sleeping away mom wins and the dogs
are actually outside playing I have been
doing a ton of cleaning I actually
cleaned the boys playroom yesterday I'm
going to show it to you right now
donated a ton of toys and then organized
this big bookshelf because I had this
great idea I was like I just want tons
of books in here but then they just
started looking messy and thrown around
we could barely even go through them
because they would just like all
collapse now I basically put them into
those bins and then they're just a lot
more organized and they look nicer and
cleaner and I just kind of added a few
like shelves and cleaned up up there
cleaned up here and then we actually
have a big play sign that we got on Etsy
like forever ago like I feel like we
probably got it like before we moved in
and it just took forever tip for it to
be finished actually I think it actually
didn't even get here until maybe like a
month ago and then we're mounting it and
electrician is coming in and they're
going to make it look really cool up
there
so yeah this playroom I'm feeling so
much more happier about it if like it's
a lot more cleaned and organized and so
that's nice and then I did one more
thing in my kitchen last night me and
taua went out and we bought a ton of
stuff to go up here which has kind of
been
a really hard conversation for me
because Bryan's lying I want stuff up
there and I'm like I just think that's
kind of like old-fashioned and I don't
really want a lot of things like clutter
up there things I get dusty and dirty
but we kind of came to a I guess a
compromise that I felt good about and I
think it still looks very clean up there
it's not to like cluttered and it might
get a little dusty I might have to clean
it out clean it up every once in a while
it looks still very like neat and clean
and not too much yeah I don't know I've
just been really trying to like buckle
down on the house you really like finish
it I feel like I've never done which I
don't know if I'll ever really feel done
with the house because I kind of like
always working on it and making it
different and fun and stuff so so I'm
going to come in here and check on my
chickens you still have two new ones
they're kind of acclimating to the other
chickens being around them but still
kind of protecting them the thing about
chickens is unfortunately whenever you
bring in a new new birds into like the
flock they have to sort of figure out
their pecking order a lot of times
there's a lot of chicken fight and its
really kind of scary and you're not
really supposed to intervene unless you
like see blood Bree and Susan are like
the nicest chickens because they're like
been mine since they were babies these
are the two new ones they kind of stick
together as you can kind of tell this
one's a bully she will literally pick on
everyone and this one as you can tell
gets picked on what I want to do is I
want to name her so I want to find a new
show so like our first batch of chickens
were named after Desperate Housewives um
so that's why this is Bree and this is
Susan but we're gonna name this one
Meredith from the office so know what I
think I was like Meredith she was kind
of like a bully she was kind of mean
she's kind of crazy
so that's Meredith and then this one
over here is gonna be Angela she's kind
of scraggly kind of kind of crazy as
well so we're gonna go with Angela
although I haven't talked to Brian about
all these so these are not a hundred
percent but I feel really good about
them so that's Angela and Meredith and
then in here we have this beautiful like
big fluffy
she's a lavender and she just is
absolutely beautiful and she looks like
a mothering type I want to name her Pam
and then this one right here she's a
little more exotic and she's just like
she's really cool - she looks like a
cool chicken so we're gonna name her
Kelly after Kelly as well on the office
so these all four are going to be
for the office chicks and we've got
married oh that's Angela Meredith Pam
and Kelly you guys let me know if you
like that that idea I'm not gonna make
sure Brian's okay with it he likes that
I just I love Pam she just looks so
beautiful she's so big and fluffy and
super super cool however I've been going
on and on about my chicken I have to let
them out because it's time they've been
out for even here locked up for a while
and I gotta let him out but I am gonna
put Meredith away are you Meredith yeah
you're married I'm gonna put Meredith
away because she will pick on them and
fight with them the most so I'm going to
let them out and gonna do some of these
ones first and then let Meredith and
after so I'm gonna lock her actually up
in there I've separated all the nice
chickens Meredith is inside and we've
closed this up and now we're going to
put the new chickens in here and I'm
gonna lay down a tongue scratch so
they're super busy and they don't feel
like they need to like talk to each
other too much they just need to get to
work and scratch and peck for all the
food all right I was a really catch
Kelly muttering oh nice three oh I know
I'm not supposed to intervene but it's
really sad stop it Bree hunkies Bree
you're supposed to be the nice one well
it turns out Bree is definitely not the
nicest at the chicken hmm Bree is kind
of a tough tough chicken touch my life
so maybe she's just trying to live up to
her name but that's Pam she's huge and
beautiful I mean she's so soft and this
like so sweet but Bree will not even
mess with her she just keeps messing
with the little one poor Kelly
knock it off Bree so hard so hard to
watch so sad but it's just part of the
pecking order they just got to do it hey
Ellie look at that is there yeah do you
like it yeah it looks good yeah okay
where all my hair go do you know yeah
where's it where's it all it's all down
there isn't it you're up next kay buddy
okay okay I'll take this ready to hop up
there
there you go bro you got long hair he's
gonna cut it all off
you
all right I've got them all situated I
let Meredith out and they all seem to be
getting along pretty well now no one
messes with Pam she's just like a big
momma
they do sometimes pick on Kelly but
that's just how it is I got to figure
out their pecking order and I don't
think they're gonna kill her anything
they just are gonna pick on her and
they'll figure it out and soon enough
they'll be totally fine together so I'm
glad it worked out
I'm glad they're all happy and I'm just
gonna keep an eye on them I have cams in
there just to make sure that no one's
killing each other or blood is being
drawn so oh my goodness look at that fly
hair cut you had all the girls in there
looking at you know that bro I'm so
proud of you that went so well you
watched me get a haircut and then you
got a haircut huh peanut butter and
jelly an apple and when you eat all that
I got you that big ol cookie for being
so good today okay just stopped at
Panera to grab some lunch Oh Holly okay
you could have one bite first now eat
your sandwich kay look it it's yummy
peanut butter and jelly get on the table
kid on the table looking like a fool
with your kid on the table what you're
doing on the table what you doin on the
table I think I embarrassed him so much
that now he's gettin off the table that
is dad life right there and this is what
I have to look forward to constantly
embarrassing my children hi mr. Finnegan
you took a very long nap today okay bye
this is a normal occurrence our kids
crowding around the pantry asking for
snacks yeah it's gonna be nice you can
only open if you push this this is snack
time Molly yeah what you getting a snack
on the most messiest thing they can walk
around the house with our pantry kind of
looks like it was hit by a tornado you a
big boy you got to share with Finn okay
hey what are you doing on this chill
Saturday bro
you hanging out in your playroom got
your cloud light going or watching PJ
masks did you just lock your brother out
look it Finn's like um can I get in you
can get in here of course you can come
on the brother rivalry has already
occurred it is such a beautiful day you
guys it didn't rain wasn't all wet
yeah you want to jump fit and I are
gonna come up to Kay
careful ollie oh there's water on the
trampoline that's a bummer you jumping
and jumping don't touch the water my
feet are so lucky of it watch out then
watch out ha ha ha ha you know Ollie in
the summer when it's super hot we can
put a sprinkler underneath the
trampoline and then you can jump on it
and get super duper wet that's some fun
yeah it's been a really nice day out
today it's got water everywhere
ah it's like your own water park huh
yeah like a trampoline waterpark can be
won yeah hey you think there's some out
there yeah all right let's go see have
you checked for eggs today yeah Ollie no
you're basically a pro at this huh
nope nope you're like a little farmer
boy nope nope an egg yay
yeah here I'll take it ok good job buddy
ok close it up
seriously becoming such a big boy we've
got been keeping about a full two
cartons and we've been eating eggs every
morning and having fresh eggs has been
so nice and so much fun
you like it yeah what you got
t-rex tattoo can you want one - Vinny
mmm he wants this one let's do this one
okay ready and start counting eight yeah
whoa I want the long neck
tonight the long neck Olli yeah okay
where should I get it yeah right here
not on my neck okay go one two three
four let's do this check it out oh oh oh
now we all have dinosaur tattoos Olli
yeah yeah yeah you like it yeah all
right it is Finn's bedtime and Porsche a
scratch today
yeah Luna got him we weren't looking
it's just hard like when was a puppy it
happens I remember when I was a kid we
had a puppy and she got me my brother
pretty good couple times it happens and
you got to be really careful with
puppies and make sure that they're not
alone with the kids ever but I literally
just like turned my back and she
scratched his little cheek and it was
kind of sad the craziest thing is that
finding even cry he's such a tough boy
and when I've done this Oliver James
you're going to fall
anyway this bedtime here Finn's going to
bed you want to go sleep in the crib no
okay with in lay down good night night
yeah more all right
out you go bud unless you want to go
night-night in here go sit with Daddy
tonight idea brother good night Finn
alright Finny it's your bedtime
hey ready for bed oh yeah
come on say night-night and he always
blows kisses - say night-night
where is Olly I cannot seem to find him
anywhere
there is hi buddy
hey it's night time huh
yeah yeah time to go bad one kid down
one to go
you ready for bed buddy yeah hey Olli I
like your haircut do you have a fun day
today do you like your haircut
it's pretty cool huh Hale you did such a
good job ending the vlog yesterday you
want to do it again yeah yeah Gopi you
see I see boy I see you Raisa bye
