we're home Olli what did you add those
decorations up there whoa indeed did you
put those there no did you put those
there
who put them there you think Fred did
wherever you are that's what ever wanna
be all since that big
just one
Oh
forever you're with
come on
good morning guys all I guess what yeah
today's our last day in London we're
going home
maybe Fred is there yes we have still
not found Fred have we yeah it's been
kind of interesting we miss him huh yeah
jacket girl oh I don't know he also got
at white dragon can't find that either
just losing all sorts of things aren't
we yeah look right now we're enjoying
our very last London morning here at the
hotel we head home today have a very
long flight and of course I woke up at 5
a.m. on the dot
seriously popped wide awake 5 a.m. check
my phone it was 5 a.m. and I was like oh
my gosh so I was like I guess I'm up and
I'm up and ready and then Olly woke up
thankfully and I'm not so bored now what
are we doing watching TV we are watching
the show on CBeebies it's basically the
only thing on in the mornings and it's
also pretty cute all he likes it you
Heidi hey Heidi
are you ready are you Heidi yeah we had
a blast in London but I'm so excited to
be home how about you buddy all he kept
saying yesterday was I wanna go to new
house huh yeah what do you want to do
when we get to the new house
pull your toys and hug your chickens
yeah yeah like that we have a ton of
sock piled good morning my love getting
everything ready sad we have to leave
yeah we are packing up this room getting
everything situated I believe there's a
baby walking around here somewhere
hello hello is there a baby walking
around here oh hello how many doughnuts
do you need he's got uh chocolate and
glazed wow that's a suitcase come on Ben
he's eating two Donuts right now then
come this way I have real food breakfast
just showed up I don't think I talked
about this yesterday but beans on toast
holy crap that's genius it fills you up
and it's so delicious you want to try
some beans on toast here
what do you think it's better well when
you're walking around with two donuts I
mean come on how can you compete with
that we are almost done packing I
actually spent a lot of my night
yesterday packing the boys and then I
basically just helitack my stuff this
morning this suitcase right here it's
full of Christmas presents and souvenirs
and all kinds of stuff and that crazy I
just felt like we needed to get some
Christmas shopping done because like
Christmas is like in a few days it feels
like the hotel actually dropped off to
these for the boys these are little
Paddington bears and actually all he
hasn't watched that movie I know that
was like a movie maybe like a year ago
your two ago so we're gonna have to
watch these and sit with our two
Paddington bears hey boys do you like
your little Paddington bears hey all you
have to go peepee and then we can open a
fat calendar hurry we have one last
advent calendar left it is 11 days till
Christmas
all of them are gone and actually I was
just counting them and I seem to have
lost two of them which I'm really bummed
about because I really wanted to use
them over and over and two of the bulbs
are missing might have to do something
different next year but I really enjoy
doing this so hopefully maybe I'll find
the two they probably suck somewhere in
there because this thing has fallen over
a few times because of this little guy
you see any advant bulbs all right did
you go peepee yeah yeah all right let's
go get our last advent calendar bulb you
know what this means 11 days till
Christmas
okay give me the clue card can we share
the chocolate with him yeah okay good
job all right give him a piece that good
all right let's see what your task is
today ready help mommy with a chore so
when I have something to do and I need
to get something done will you help me
all right that's a really nice thing to
do huh you like to help mommy all the
time huh yeah all right good job hold
the door open Thank You Oliver
Thank You Oliver you're welcome
poor Cedric Diggory he's wearing
Hufflepuff yellow today so he kind of
looks like Cedric Diggory you ready to
go
yes you do
Holle kids would wear home
oh we have to find them home yeah well
I'm hoping you made at home I hopefully
made it here is we didn't bring it
remember you disappeared at the hotel so
we're gonna see if fred is here
he's had a super long travel day oh good
morning both the boys slept amazing on
the plane and on the ride here as well
all right let's get you oh my goodness
it feels so good to be home we're home
Olli what did you have those decorations
up there is there more decorations what
in the world
Olly come here what's up there wha
I says believe look at all those Santa
Clauses whoa indeed did you put those
there
No did you put those hey who put them
there
you think Fred did yeah well let's go
see if he added anything else to the
house look how festive it is
oh uh huh let's see if anything's weird
in here
you
who is that Olli Fred made it yay oh my
goodness and he decorated this room as
well and this whole tree so now I know
why Fred had to get here so early he had
to decorate this ginormous Christmas
tree ha so pretty
our house is decorated so much and we
have no idea why but it looks like we
have found the culprit Fred says I hope
you don't mind I added some more
Christmas cheer welcome back so he
wanted to just add a little bit more
Christmas cheer Holly do you think he
did anything in mom and dad his room
let's go see whoa ok he decorated mom
and dad his tree - that's so cool
look at this beautiful tree yeah
everything's decorated huh Wow Fred has
work cut out for him you guys he was
decorating and planning something he's
planning something you guys yeah he's
magic huh yeah sounds a little elf I
don't look at that beautiful tree babe
is it pretty
Fred sure did a really good job huh Alli
go tell him thank you for decorating
what he disappeared elf is always up to
no good huh we'll see him tomorrow ok ok
it feels so good to be home doesn't it
my little Cedric Diggory yeah yeah hey
did you have fun in London I did too we
all had so much fun in London
that tree is so amazing fred is an
amazing tree decorator isn't he yeah
yeah all right guys well we're gonna
have to get to the bottom of this we're
gonna have some funny security footage
to watch I know might be able to catch
him on camera doing all this but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's blog I hope you
guys enjoyed all our London vlogs we had
such a blast I'm gonna put them all into
a playlist and link it down below if you
guys want to watch all of them from
start to finish but for now we're gonna
end the vlog and get some rest huh buddy
yeah Thank You Rocky well see you manana
early what do you say babe
you
