so Finn got into the cabinet and stole
the Wii controller and I'm trying to get
it back to him
look at you how do I get you oh my god
this like he knows what he's doing he
knows he's running away
give me that controller dad wins
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all
my sauce one side
I am
every
me
good morning Ali where are we I'm
digging that's right me and all your
disneyland we actually ditched daddy and
Finn Brian Ashley wasn't feeling very
well today and I wasn't already planning
to lead Finn because actually a very
rainy cold day
I didn't think Finn would really enjoy
it much so I get that jacket
we got jackets we've got actually all
the clothes that if it does he's even
got his rain boots on we're going to
Disneyland look who's with us
we got CJ and Bailey and Aunt Linda and
Jessica and we are optin and we're
really really excited it's going to be
such a fun day and I don't know if I've
ever been was just always so I'm kind of
excited it's going to be like a little
mommy and son day today so it should be
we just made it in the park and I am so
excited because we are making it just a
few days before all the Christmas
decorations are gone and we have missed
all of any Christmas time in Disneyland
the entire time so only day we are going
to go for Christmas the Christmas
decorations are so cool what do you
think oh yeah a star at the top of the
Christmas tree
Bailey who's there I'm he's bearing his
ugly sweater and then Pluto's right over
there
alright go say hi to goofy they tease Oh
exact okay come here
only seems to be scared of all the
characters what's going on you like the
doggy all right we'll put those right
here it's our turn let's go say hi okay
go give him a pet go pet him look look
give him a pet ah yay Bailey so excited
to meet Daisy are you afraid of Daisy
it's Daisy dog say quack quack there's
many always say hi Mickey hi Minnie say
hi
hello everybody as you can see I am not
at Disneyland having a blast and riding
rides and enjoying the cool weather I
decided to stay back today because I
woke up I still have a coughs still very
congested I have rehearsal tomorrow for
the show on January 20th and I just
wanted to relax and get better and Missy
and Ollie are at Disneyland so I've been
hanging out with Finn just got him to
take a nap and got a ton of work done
but we just have some special visitors
arrive so I want to go show you that
good morning girls
we got you some new friends you gonna
behave I'm gonna behave yourself you're
not she's like Daddy whining oh I get it
so they're like invisible chickens
chickens oh yeah we got some new
chickens you guys check these out we got
a lavender one and a spotted one so
we're gonna introduce them today and see
how they mix that's food that's a little
one that's Susan you've even got her
feathers all over it three eggs very
productive today guys yeah we have one
that's not laying one Rhode Island
that's not laying I'm doing her job no
one's been laying eggs today though
that's not bad wow she's big beauty yeah
this was pretty here that is a big
chicken Jim oh she's a little smaller
yeah I was bigger but cool colorful yeah
now we got a good mix so they guys stay
in that cage so they can just look at
each other yeah girls better behave that
one rolled on the red I don't trust ya
apart right okay what we going on demo
we've got the crew behind us Billy and
CJ it is definitely a busy day today
but I think it's cool because we can
just come enjoy it have some fun walk
around good on day all day I don't want
fail even if we have to wait some long
lines it's not you guys it's still fun
to be together huh yeah he doesn't mind
all our chili
Olle we're so high up
I just felt paying live yeah Finn's
awake Oh Finn
Karma's freaking out boys house I'm not
gonna the door karma who's that
say good morning oh did he give you
kisses haha good morning buddy you took
such a good nap dad thank you took him a
while to get him down but I did it and
you took a very good nap I was able to
get a ton of work done so thank you so
much what yeah I know
you're free oh look where's the
Christmas tree it's all gone it's all
gone isn't it there's to be a big old
Christmas tree here now you can actually
see our YouTube Awards which is nice
yeah everything just looks so empty
Holly who did we run into today
and Jeffries yeah yeah Hayden is super
excited but he just got her very first
pass you gonna pass
yeah and they took your picture it's so
cool and she's got a match you tell us
exactly where we're going huh where we
going next baby you know why we're going
to Disneyland where do you wanna go the
hot
oh the haunted house yeah I saw that
it's a 75-minute wait but let yes Harry
I won't agree okay all right well right
are we going on now um baki a really
cozy I doubt he might freak out like
that
up we get the officer down ready
would you think that
you
so Finn got into the cabinet and stole
the Wii controller and I'm trying to get
it back to him and he's running away
from me
look at you how do I get you how do I
get to I'm gonna get to you okay what if
I go this way oh my god this like he
knows what he's doing he knows he's
running away
give me that controller give it to me so
cute covers like music give it to him
please you're gonna put it back in the
cabinet dad wins
all right we're going on one last ride
and then we're leaving okay it has been
such a fun day huh we've had such a fun
day with CJ yeah we Bailey we're doing
this right I don't leave ever been on
this ride before actually it's this one
is it famous Wow it's like a big rocket
and yeah I think it makes it real I
think it's going to make you really sick
there they go all right
hey race no fan
Holly
look who's home
Ali's faster asleep but Missy told me
they had such an amazing day at
Disneyland didn't rain in one drop and
it was perfect mother so I'm guessing he
had applause cuz he's asleep I miss this
kid so much I'm gonna go lay him down
hopefully he stays asleep so Missy and I
could have a free night
you
you like burrowed himself into the
blankets blows hilarious he's fast
asleep and very comfortable now look
who's here hasn't even here five minutes
and already she's might one of my shirts
yep this is like my favorite thing to
wear ever missed you by missing that
mm-hmm it was actually really good day
it was a bit busy but it didn't bother
me because I just like being at this one
you believe yesterday I was shut down I
believe you got in I think it was really
packed yesterday but it was it was good
no weather was perfect
I don't with a puppy and a baby all day
you proud of me very petty it misses
home kids asleep yay I'm asleep
Missy's basically asleep who needed to
see Mama's home and I heard he got two
new pets we got two new chickens oh
she's so cute she's like hugging you
yeah all right you guys that is all for
today's video but I hope you enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up and if you have not pre-ordered my
new album I'll have that link down below
go pre-order because another song just
went live today so now when you
pre-order you get four songs instantly
so go check it out link down below in
the description thank you for watching
we'll see you manana hey you know you
say bye poop stop eating my finger it's
not yummy it's just a finger she's like
give me a finger okay bye
