as I was walking up here I was like oh
my god those are the hats that Joey but
look at they're actually called Joey
hats London baby wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
I am alone
where you're with
good morning Martin what are we doing
today
that sounds so fun since Fred's missing
again we need to go find him what do you
think he got into this time what's up
what what is this
oh he decorated the Christmas tree in
your undies and toys yeah look at all
your underwear that's all over the tree
minions Donald Duck and Mickey Mouse
Mickey Mouse Fred you did this you
decorated our Christmas tree in all his
undies and his toys kind of silly huh
the paw patrol ones at the very top oh
yeah we got to open this huh so we did
miss yesterday's 15 days till Christmas
and today we're gonna open up 14 days of
Christmas so finding open one and all is
gonna open one let's let Finn open his
first cuz he's doing 1500 what was that
look there's chocolate in it
you're gonna eat that that's pretty good
you smell all right and it says oh wow
it's actually really good one for you
Finn it says play with your brother so
make time to play with your brother
today okay now it's your turn so it's
actually 14 days till Christmas did you
know that 14 days and I'm in London and
I do do gay Christmas shopping done
chocolate yum all right you wanna see
what you had to do today it says call
auntie and tell her you miss her it's
the middle of the night in America I
think she's actually probably completely
passed out right now so we won't call
her right this I guess but later today
we'll call her and we'll tell her we
missed it you miss auntie yeah yeah
let's call her and tell her that we miss
her okay good morning boys Oh silly man
a little sad today so Ali's sharing his
dinosaur which is very nice of you Olly
for the hello London talk to you
oh it Kevin brought this by now hello
guys we are doing some touristy things
today here in London we are now at
Buckingham Palace
I believe the changing of the guards is
happening right now because there are so
many people lined up you can I can't
even think about getting close to that
look at all of these people here and all
of those people over there but I don't
think there's any way we're gonna see
that unfortunately
you
you know what this reminds me have mercy
VidCon Oh Betty happy boy you're like
I'm just not gonna move anymore yeah if
we had come probably are during the week
it probably yeah
no we're out of all the crowds this is a
very large fountain in front of the
Buckingham Palace so try not to give
Olli any ideas because it was up to him
he'd fall in it for sure we're now
actually just trying to find our way out
of this whole mess
that's so cool the band has come out and
is now like circling the giant sculpture
fountain thing that we are now right in
the middle of week everyone's looking
for the Queen right now including this
guy you just want to see the Queen don't
you they say they're playing bagpipes
we have met up with Jeff Intel and now
we are walking toward the Elizabeth
tower where Big Ben is and the clock
that is supposed to be one of the most
accurate clocks in the world yeah fun
fact local told me the other day it's
currently undergoing a 20 million
renovation because the support that it's
on right now it's sinking
so it gets shorter and shorter every
year there she is
that's a pretty big tower pretty big
clock tower huh we picked the wrong day
to be tourists by the way and it's very
busy the depth there this guy doing
bagpipes over here babe come on and he's
got a big red beard and a kill Missy now
need I remind you you are married you
are a married woman missing she has a
soft spot for Scottish people
as I was walking up here I was like oh
my god those are the hats that Joey but
look at they're actually called Joey
hats London baby Holly look behind you
see that big old building that is where
they keep all of the dinosaurs really
really that is pretty grandiose right
there we were at the Natural History
Museum in London and Ollie is so excited
he's been talking about this the entire
trip I'm going to go see some Dino bones
you guys we're gonna see like real live
diet no Oliver they're dinosaur bones so
they're dead dead dinosaurs it's kind of
sad but it's okay because we get to look
at him now Darce tape cuz I was - or was
my cheetah yeah yeah real dinosaurs
would eat you and look he's actually
wearing his dinosaur hoodie he's ready
what do you see is that a long night
bunny boy ha ha get so excited we're
gonna go see it okay
not amazing Wow
what do you think about this big old
dinosaur Olli it's pretty cool huh let's
go see his tail oh my goodness that's
his tail Olli look at you can walk under
it
not amazing this is so cool you guys
let's go read about it all the come here
Jeffry and Ollie are always up to no
good don't touch it ha ha just get it
done
Oh Holly or Jeffrey another one that's a
skeleton T rat what were dinosaurs
dinosaurs were reptile that lived
between 230 and 66 million years ago
they lived on land some could fly and
some walked on straight legs not amazing
cmk whoa get those skulls what is that
one on the right Ollie Triceratops and a
t-rex that's right for smooth
be really quiet oh my gosh what is that
ollie
oh so scary
Jeffrey I didn't know they had a
Louisville real dinosaur yeah yeah
one existence a nap here like that is
not safe they might win
his eyeballs Holly do you see his big
old tail do I go see more let's go they
buy tea rag
oh we see a dinosaur up there we're
gonna circle back around to see it yeah
this kid is crazy about his dinosaurs
what is that that is a big old dinosaur
hat isn't it look up there there he is
your stegasaurus
we identified it from the back Jim oh
you're not a basic deck guns or it on
its back he had two rows of plates this
is like an actual dinosaur footprint
that's amazing Olly a dinosaur stuck
here a long long time ago
so this is an Iguanodon that's the right
foot of a very large aquatic Don you can
actually see where I originally broke
his foot
oh yeah so the bowls right there shows
where it was actually broken once
yeah his leg broke at one point so this
is an ad Montes horas fossil found in
Canada and they still have it half
buried in a since they just kind of
ended so that you can see fossilized
skin and his tail is missing because
probably a snack underrated oh wow that
is incredible I don't think I've ever
seen like real dinosaur fossils like
that so coming up Jim this is actually
the most complete bull Triceratops
skeleton ever in the world and this
piece is actually moving to a different
exhibit I think like in China in like
January so this is why I really wanted
to come at this time so that all over
Oliver would get a chance to see
something like this
check out this Triceratops up here
it's a baby one huh and then that's a
big one
that's a dad dad Triceratops oh that's a
baby Triceratops huh this was actually
found in Wyoming Ollie look at that he's
sleeping huh
much about nice moment
Ollie did you like seeing all those
dinosaurs
that's pretty heat oh and now you want
to go buy every single dinosaur thing
ever in the Dino store we'll see about
that we have stepped into the coolest
dinosaur shop everything
Dino gloves Dino Skaar dino-tail
oh my gosh look at all these plush babe
Paulie would have every single one of
them if we let him ha ha that's cool all
you got a toy and we also got one for
fan huh and one foot then there you go
Finny what color is it
so we have found a little carousel right
outside the Natural History Museum Ollie
and Finn are gonna take a ride
pick a horse any any horse you want this
one yeah let's climb up on this one Finn
has chosen a gallant steed yes he has oh
he wants the sucker hey you want a lick
yummy carousels in London don't have
seatbelts makes it a little more
interesting
yay so we're riding together huh okay
it's going extremely fast
Wow
I mean all your in bed cuddling is
actually asleep and he says he's not
feeling very well right now
Finn's asleep my mom and dad are asleep
just being you it's been like this the
past couple nights we had a super fun
day and I think it was one of all these
favorite days here did you enjoy seeing
all the dinosaurs yeah anyways we had
Nando's for dinner I get the night and
it was so good but I really hope Brian
didn't get sick for my cuz he says he's
just really not feeling good I knew fall
asleep pretty early so hopefully he's
okay but now we're gonna go to bed make
sure you give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and we will see you guys
tomorrow for another fun day what do you
say bye
