get them all get them those pigeons
aren't even afraid of Ollie get him
Ollie get up catch it and bring it here
Ollie it's just like catching chickens
at home nice try buddy wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
softens that big
you
Oh
over every
come on in London or should I say
afternoon we kind of slept through
breakfast didn't we yeah yeah we had a
really long day yesterday so we needed a
lot of rest and we got it so good it
slept so good so good like since we got
here yeah we were supposed to do tower
in London this morning but we slept
right through now we're going to lunch
and we have plenty of time to hit it up
again and it's right in front of us look
at that it's like a giant castle right
there so we'll have to do that but for
right now let's get some good ol Italian
food oh we do have to find Fred today
huh yeah wonder where Fred is I haven't
seen them in a while
mm-hmm we are at this little Italian
place called it's easy and I think it's
a chain around here and we are so
excited because anytime we get Italian
so far it's in so good right I think
we're so close to Italy that that
probably helps yeah like the pasta is
always
yeah a lot different than American
puzzle like I think it has a lot more
olive oil in it super different in
America it's like we don't really make
love and I think Italy is our next place
to visit right yeah we started off with
some bread and then we also have some
were skeptical with buffalo mozzarella
which looks really good
check out this cool little skate rink
right by a castle that's the way to go
ice skating yeah blown away by this
castle right here Tower of London will
visit it before we leave don't worry
would you want to go skating yeah
remember the last time we took him
skating get them all get them ducks
pigeons aren't even afraid of ollie
get them Ollie get up trying to catch
one catch it and bring it here Ollie
it's just like catching chickens at home
nice try buddy hey Missy think we found
London Bridge London Bridge is falling
again I'm not sure passing that so loud
here
that is like magnificent
we have found ourselves back to the
London Eye because today we have an
appointment to get into a capsule as
they call it and go round and round very
slowly come on only you're so excited to
go on a ride hey do you have to go potty
before we go on
yep we should probably go potty before
Missy is convinced that there is
probably about them on it but I'm like I
don't know about that it's actually a
pretty clear day today so we should be
able to see a lot of London and get up
really really high good job Holly oh you
almost didn't make it all we look at
we're on the London Eye it's a big one
so it moves uh-huh mile an hour and it
didn't stop for us they did not stop it
to let us on oh did you get a kinder egg
ah that's so cool you got a kinder egg
and you got to ride on the London Eye
that's so cool oh there's some swings
over there huh that looks cold look at
we're going up Ollie we're gonna be on
the top of the city will be so high you
think you can see Fred from here we
still haven't found him yet huh yeah hey
Finn I don't think you're using us right
anything look really far away Holly come
over here you can see the water come
here and that cool
that's pretty cool huh you see Big Ben
over there look way up high
why what's up there my face goes whoa
Fred I think of magic that's me a little
magical oh he was me I can't wait you
got here
he has just been hanging out on this
capsule all day cuz he knew you were
gonna be here huh are we talking about
yeah I think we talked about it
yesterday but now he can see all of
London alongside you buddy
is in here
so he's winning the ride good that guy's
gone you all plan to tad creepy how much
that that elf follows us while we are
getting some height now I'm not even
halfway up yet but he was saying Missy
it moves so slow so you don't have
vertigo it doesn't mess with the balance
in your ears at all so you just feel
like you're on the ground the whole time
but we're definitely not
pretty cool huh here ollie let's look
oh yeah can totally see the Queen from
here Buckingham Palace is right in front
of us so cool you want to try and see
the Queen you see it oh you could just
see Fred they give us a cool little map
of everything we can see in a 360 degree
that's cool oh it gets a little time max
yeah oh that's real
what do you want to see and the
Westminster Abbey Westminster Abbey is
right there there she ish that's cool so
you can see where's the chard chard
oh right there directly out there
we are at the very top brother
top of London y'all
all you look at birdie there's a birdie
outside our capsule say hi I need to
ensure you have all of your belongings
with you when you leave the castle Holly
leave me now all my belongings we got to
make sure we get Fred let's go get a
booth I think what Fred oh hopefully he
can find his way back to us huh he's
always watching me it's like fred was
over there and now he's gone
fun man enjoy yourself it's very firm
that is good thank you
thank you
you
all right we just finished our venture
into the London Eye and now we are going
into this really cool playground we just
found look at that like a cool little
jungle gym are you riding a horse feet
actually that it's kind of like a
chicken
showed up and some sort of what is it I
think this is a mall and Ollie run right
toward the eggs yep go one
but I should know uh that one's know how
to get a different mall London down very
cool
you like it I like it Wow look at that
this is so
Wow
look at these are these traditional toys
Oh looks so cool oh okay
don't even tell me that's cute I get a
little pieces what do you
so we are shopping at a Tesco and okay
so I've heard people say that testers
allowing target oh not like Target we
are in smaller one yeah you ever see us
go to Tigers how to target spy I'm
looking for some snacks okay they call
frosted flakes
Frosty's here I'll bake some Frosty's
yeah I get some of those all he loves us
and those are gonna get a snack on yeah
yeah you get things like I'll take them
now please I am so hungry actually
okay so I just tweeted that I'm in a
Tesco and what should I buy first thing
monstermunch are amazing crisp by the
way I got lots of really great
suggestions currently looking for
chocolate buttons Scotch egg crumpets so
many things but I have found the
monstermunch and I'm going to try bag
they look like chips but they're also
kind of like poofy we have found
something else amazing lots of joy
British people be holding out on us
rollro
is that Rolo pudding delicious milk
chocolate toffee dessert all that sounds
great joy I think that's true oh is that
buttons look at is this the buttons
someone told me to try these
I have just found sticky toffee pudding
this is sticky toffee pudding you guys
oh my gosh this is the most amazing
thing ever miss you look it you can get
sticky toffee pudding in a little thing
and then you just plop it upside down
and heat it up and I better be amazing
yeah it is now dinner time and we have
found ourselves in front of a Nando's so
we're gonna go in here good things about
it
we'll see who peri-peri chicken that's
kind of like what they're famous for
Harry pick a baby I don't know hey I
know right all right our food at Nando's
just came and I'm so excited I got a
chicken wrap with sweet potato wedges
Jim got chicken you got wings and Missy
got Caesar salad but she wanted to make
it into a wrap on her own that's how we
do it this looks really good by the way
thin is also eating some sweet potato
wedges and tomatoes all kitties love
Tomatoes so says the lady who took our
our we've also made a interesting
revelation lemonade here is literally
just sprite
or the 7up yeah so Missy's been having
some trouble ordering yeah so we ended
up getting some cloudy lemonade so
that's good we're all eating and Ollie
is very much asleep with his wooden
snake that you got okay
just got back to the hotel I had such an
amazing day you guys we slept in when he
got to go to the London I shopped we got
to explore London at night a little bit
more than we have in the city just comes
alive at night we still have a lot of
time left in London and we have a lot of
really amazing things planned tomorrow
is Harry Potter and the cursed child the
show that we're going to surprise Jeff
and Tao are here we decided to be really
cool to have them company yes to the
show and get to explore and it was kind
of cool because it worked out because it
was their anniversary real quick just
wanted to say thank you guys so much for
all the support on the brand new song if
you guys have pre-ordered on iTunes my
new album you may have received a
notification saying that track number
three games is now available go check it
out go pre-order if you haven't cuz you
get the first three songs instantly and
go check that out link down below
description is up phenomena and today's
vlog hope you enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give a thumbs up subscribe and
we will see you manana hi guys
