you gonna make that camera fly out of my
hand if you're not careful how'd you do
that wherever you are that's what ever
wanna be big
just one
Oh
forever you're with
honey good morning how are you doing
buddy
Wow you're watching paw patrol yeah I
need some oatmeal good morning guys me
and my crazy hair taking care of the
boys morning saved her yeah getting
really into it so funny thing we ever we
feed Finn oatmeal basically just get a
bowl of it and I give him a spoon fly
out of time because he likes feeding
himself with the spoon now he probably
learned that from you ollie
yeah take a bite home you guys love
their oatmeal what hey I know I was just
told I'm about that good morning Luna
how are you doing playing outside in the
fresh air yeah do you guys just love her
new collar and look at it says her name
on it it's so cute we really had to get
her used to the collar and then we're
also gonna start on the leash very soon
too just helps them like establish
dominance in their position in the
family so we had to get one of those and
put it on her yes I know I know don't
bite my hand I love you I love you oh hi
um okay you guys both my boys have magic
wands right now and I don't think oh no
you trying to disarm me you're Harry
Potter and that's your magic wand yeah
let me see it it's um actually a drum
stick that came with one of Finn's
Christmas presents try a spell unfit
ollie thing cast a spell on him use your
magic wand cast a spell on him oh he got
him did he hit you with a spell Ollie
you gonna make that camera fly out of my
hand if you're not careful
whoa how'd you do that
whoa you guys all he actually used a
magic spell that's crazy okay
they're not working now you must have
done it right that one constant will you
stop disarming Finn he keeps falling
over I think when your kids are waving a
magic wand and saying spells and stuff
that my work here is complete you're
gonna be such a cool Harry Potter fan
huh
yeah you like Harry Potter he's the best
huh you gonna jump off and cast a spell
on me go see expecto patronum good
morning guys I did not bring a vlog or a
camera today so I am NOT walking so I
thought that a little bit actually just
got done getting my hair done it's
actually super duper straight because I
just got this DK like straightening me
it's kind of like a chemical
straightening but it's not like really
bad for your hair it's actually kind of
good for your hair and it just makes it
so that I don't have to spend three
hours trying to get my hair not to be
like Hermione's my hair is going to be
like extremely straight the next few
days and to like sleep on it and not
wash it so that it will stay like this
and not be super frizzy what's wrong
Ollie it's too loud all right you guys
so Missy and I have ordered a new fridge
because the one in the garage is broken
and so we're gonna replace that one with
this one and then put a new fridge here
so Papa's coming over and he is doing
some demolition because these are not
gonna fit so we have to have a custom
cabinet below
oh and Mimi's here to helping right okay
now that Mimi a popper here I finally
have a free moment to get ready taking
care of two toddlers and a dog is
time-consuming and obviously I'm still
in my pajamas and I have a meeting in
like an hour
Missy's got an appointment with the
target the vet boys had swam it's kind
of a crazy hectic day so I'm glad I have
their help I can finally put on some
clothes
all right in at the vet now with the
puppy and my mom and she's just getting
her checkup for cuz she's 10 weeks she
is 10 weeks old so she's got to get her
second shot a set of shots and a couple
other vaccines so yeah and she weighs
ten and a half pounds tender head pound
you getting big and your techniques very
good let's check this out very nice not
too much in the way of any kind of dirt
or anything there so that's quite all
right ollie gotta fix this messy hair
yours very messy I always throw some
bubble and bubble primer in his hair and
then just take a brush oh come here
gotta brush this hair and then I brush
it so some hairspray in there to hold it
you're looking pretty cute dude and now
we're ready for our day Yeow
then you did such a good job buddy
did you tell all those little cabinets
out with Papa yeah dang Jam that's clean
look at is that what the they used to
look like before we were surfacing them
well no no that's the raw wood huh it
was more red really yeah so we pulled
this out and obviously we have to have
the fridge there till it arrives but
we're gonna be rebuilding new cabinets
around it by the way I'm ready for the
day yay I just realized there's really
not gonna be a whole lot of room on the
top so it's probably gonna be something
like that on top of the fridge but
that'll work because the cabinet that
was on top of that wasn't really useful
and another
a nice big fridge that actually keeps
food cold
you
all right mama is finally home and Ollie
is so excited to show pale in his
kitchen huh you want to shoot you want
to see them what you've got them for
Christmas yeah okay go show them you're
putting your doggie down okay and go
show them isn't that cool
they are checking out the kitchen right
now and they are so excited to start
making food yeah you got that one for
pay and this one's for live all right
the kids are all dressed and ready to
start making us food lives putting
cupcakes in the oven what are you gonna
fry us Oh jingle bells very creative and
pay it is doing dishes
yeah like Sookie tinkle one Oh a cupcake
I like that yum I love cupcakes
happy space family you should be
sweating right now oh my goodness the
kids are loving this Finn loves this the
most oh yeah I'll take a pink one for
sure do you want it crime it's like what
is this what is this this is a vote is
it crazy you like this card you can put
your baby doll in here to like stop her
is not neat where's my gosh she still
sit in it you should get your baby doll
Finn loves the kitchen area he's always
in here if I ever can't find him he's in
here nice you got all the supplies good
what are you doing oh he just wants to
be spider-man all right you can be
spider-man hey Ollie is not spider-man
so Finn has taken over the chef's apron
you guys doggies yeah so cute
who does she make you pancakes if you
like another one what
right good you like the setup the most
then you look so cute are you gonna make
us food
so Brian has been in meetings all day
the kids been playing like crazy and
look what else has been going on this
puppy out here plays all day long she
actually loves being outside which is
really crazy cuz I don't think I've ever
had a dog that just like wants to be
outside my dogs usually I use her inside
the doors like wide open but she just
chooses to be out here and she's just
been playing all day long and I gotta
say like I think we've said this a
couple times but she's such and like
easy puppy I feel like I don't know what
it is but she just she goes pee outside
she's had very few accidents and when it
was an accident it was literally
probably our fault because we forgot to
put her out when she woke up from a nap
or something like that so for the most
part like she has been so good potty
training she's just such a good dog and
I'm so happy that she like has fit in
with our family so well like oh look I'm
gonna come inside and play with your
tree I will be happy to probably put
away all the Christmas decorations
because with a puppy a little bit more
dangerous come on come on let's go play
this cool point mmm no puppy brother is
so cute
you
