hey oli you got something coming out of
your head now you got two horns coming
out of your head yep wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
inside big
I am
very
good morning doggie hi Luna you gotta do
bite you know it's a she and she's not
gonna bite me oh she's gonna get you fed
she's getting fed oh no she's gonna get
you what do you have
Oh a seashell cool good morning guys yes
Luna loves nipping these boys at the
heel she's hurting you hurting as an H
er D yeah he's give her hugs hi Luna
but you have been such a good puppy you
know that you've been such a good puppy
yes you have she's had very few
accidents been so good at going outside
and going potty she eats she plays she
naps a lot and she's super soft and
cuddly and she loves cuddling with us
but today we're actually having our
friend crystal over to take some photos
because she's only gonna be this little
for so long and then she's gonna poop up
into a big old poof ball and be
ginormous so we want to capture her
while she's just a little bit of a beat
so we're doing that today Luna is ready
for her close-up yeah yeah wrap her up
and some oh my gosh they'll be adorable
can we do that keep a little hat on her
all right we're putting her in the
basket that she came in my gosh that's
adorable
oh you gotta stay in there girl what's
harder to work with crystal babies are
puppies that's all this is the same
thing oh yeah
ah
Luna you overworked you overworked she's
like I need a break you see the puppy
Jeffery has arrived at a battle of epic
proportions has ensued you're catching
fire Sean with an accent from don't know
where get him ollie get him
Oh lost your leg Oh
he quickly touched him oh he survives
get him get him
oh go round the corner robber corner
you better run so I want to tell you
guys about this really cool app I just
heard it's called Intermountain Connect
care and I heard about it from my buddy
Jared in Utah you guys know him
basically it allows you to have access
to a physician 24 hours a day seven days
a week on your phone tablet or your
computer you can actually video call
physician right from your phone which is
really really cool because I don't know
if you guys remember the last time we
went to the doctors there was so many
sick kids there and we were bringing
Ollie and Finn because they were sick so
it's like all these sick kids just
getting kids sicker so I downloaded the
Intermountain connect care app and I'm
getting it all set up for Missy all
right babe I want you to try out this
new app by the way I like your
background thank you and also we're in
Finn's room because he's sleeping he's
laying down for his nap it's adorable
look at that yeah yeah alright and so
I'm going to open up connect care and I
just use my touch ID to log in so it's
really easy to use
I just set it up with some of my really
basic personal information for me and
for Finn and then as soon as you open it
it just shows what doctors are available
so the reason we want to talk to a
physician is a little bit interesting -
I'll let you explain as some of you guys
know Thinnes always had a
time in the car but recently he's been
showing that he really doesn't like the
car and he actually throws up basically
kind of a conclusion that he most likely
gets very very carsick even the other
day we went on a long trip and he threw
up and it's just miserable not just it's
really sad yeah it's not as miserable
for us we listen him scream and cry he's
miserable and obviously he's sick so I
was thinking like I really need to see a
doctor and see if there's something I
can do is there something I can give him
to help him keep calm helping from
getting sick now we're gonna take him to
a doctor through the magic of Technology
and he doesn't need to go to a doctor's
office where's lucky so this will be
really easy and something that we can
easily ask it yeah let's check this out
so we're just gonna get started I've
already got me and Oliver and Finn so
we'll just select Finn
so the next screen is basically going to
talk about your visit and what you need
so it says subscribe the reason for your
visit and I'm just going to say options
for car sick yes basically I just go
through these options no he's not having
chest pains we do not have Medicare or
Medicaid and that it's really nice
because if you can actually share images
with your doctor which we don't need to
do that and now it's asking for vitals
which I don't really have his vitals and
we did take a senator he weighs about 18
pounds all right and then we're just
going to click continue and now they're
finding a provider for us so now it's
checking the cost of our visit which is
$49 which again I think is a very
affordable price especially if you don't
have insurance I think that's really
cool yeah um so we're just going to put
in our payment information so now that
there's talking about what we can expect
on our little visit with the doctor that
we're about happy over the next few
minutes your care provider will open
your file and review the information
you've shared all right so we just
finished up with our visit on the
connects care app and we got some really
useful information about kids being car
sick it was really cool basically he
said there's obviously some kids are
prone to it than others because always
ever had this issue and Finn has had it
since he was a baby um ER since he was a
lot younger he said basically to keep an
eye on him so if he starts to have like
a cold sweat or a loss of appetite
it could be signs that he's about to
vomit so we can stop the car also we
mentioned like having an object in the
distance for him to look at so maybe
putting a toy like I'm not
the head of headrest yeah for sure I
think that is so cool that we can get a
physician's advice without having to
leave our kids nursery basically look at
Finn's been sleeping the whole time so I
think you guys should definitely check
out this app click the link down below
in the description to download it and
try it for yourself for us I think it's
actually a really cool tool to have as
parents what up guys I am snapping on my
new spectacles what do you guys think
you want to see the world from my point
of view all right let's go get mr.
Finnegan just woke up from his nap were
you crying about you wanna fly you wanna
play hmm
that fun buddy we all right we are
getting out of the house right now we
got the boys and we all started with
like sweaters on this morning and now
everyone's changed
I didn't ask that's true but the boys
had like old turtlenecks Han it was cold
in the morning and I left mine on but it
is not like so warm eighty degrees we
are going to a pet food store that stock
up on some food that's a good transition
right there yeah yeah I think we'll go
inside I gotta get some stuff for the
chickens cuz I've got a lot of eggs
coming in now and nowhere to put them in
some cases yeah thank you I was think it
would be really fun to order some that
was like Lanning farm and it has like
everything like already labeled for us
yeah okay my quick freeze picture on it
we're gonna go into the pet food store
and get chicken food and all kinds of
fun stuff and you didn't cry at all here
did you like the music so you were
dancing huh
hi this is my friend Ali what's that so
excited about the horsey not a cool
looking horse look at this giant horse
brush I found I'm gonna brush all these
hair I gotta brush your hair Kay yeah
stay still I gotta brush your hair
I'm not kidding I gotta brush your hair
hey oli you got something coming out of
your head now you got two horns coming
out of your head yep we are picking up
some bully sticks for Luna and they're
like super good fear dogs and my super
digestible but they're bullies I guess
it's a bully stick and they're just be
like really good for puppies and dogs
like you like a rawhide it's actually
hard for them to digest oh please I
guess oh that's a big one for karma yeah
it actually looks like a dog churro yeah
they look at this they have bacon beef
and it's shaped like a dinosaur oh my
god
you saw a dinosaur yeah where show me
dinosaur oh you did find a dinosaur
Holly look what we got made yeah
not cool they're little tags for our
doggies one says karma and one says Luna
which one is Lunas you think no that
one's Karma's okay yeah got pink
sparklies on it you like that then you
approve yeah we got all our chicken
stuff and doggie stuff successful trip
Karma's so excited cuz we brought in the
bag from the pet store he just knows
yeah he's like there's something there
free what you what you what you got what
you got I just put in my mouth literally
smells like poop
it smells like my bellybutton
oh god that's watching huh what do you
think of that oh let's not touch it all
it makes your hands stinky oh my
instinct oh you okay Ally Luna there you
are
she's got our pink collar on oh you want
to give it to her ally yeah okay aha
give it to
here you go there's a much bigger one
right here and then we also got a fun
little treat for the chickens it's a
chicken toy and it basically is just a
ball that they Peck around and food
spills out of it while they peck it
around kind of like a fun toy for them I
got a couple of them since we got a
couple more chicken we got treats for
all the pets hey Olli you wanna make me
something to eat in your kitchen
okay go make me something to eat it's a
sock monkey that doesn't belong in there
huh what you got for me
Gabi Oh yummy he's cutting watermelon
for me right now
I just need one piece buddy yeah thanks
buddy
what are you doing silly what are you in
I must beg y'all booty all right you
guys that is all for today's vlogedy
blog but I wanted to let you know that
if you missed our announcement yesterday
I have a show on January 20th at the
Belasco theater in LA you can get
tickets with a link I'll have it down
below in the description for you it's
gonna be a ton of fun and I have to say
that the VIP tickets are already half
gone so go get your tickets there's a
very limited number amount and I hope to
see a lot of you guys there thank you
guys so much for watching we'll see you
manana bye
