Holly are you having a good Christmas
guess what it's not even Christmas yet
nyeeehhh early Christmas wherever you
are that's where I wanna be
Oh
very
me
come on what are we gonna do Olly wake
up we're gonna go wake up Finn and
all he's gonna blog for us huh yeah okay
here we go - Finn's room no he doesn't
want to be filmed
good morning Finn
we do need to find Fred we also need to
get you out of your crib huh how you
doing today buddy you slept so long he
literally just woke up like 9:30 it's
crazy
he's never I feel like he never really
sleeps almost Christmas he's not here
anymore Finn
show me Olly yeah he was there last
night huh hmm we'll find him don't worry
Finn's got a cool little boombox oops
oops time to dance
Oh party foul
all right have you checked over here for
Fred yet Olli you did we have it checked
in the kitchen gonna see if Fred is in
here is he in your playroom oh my gosh
looks like he's trying me breakfast yeah
look a there's a recipe for crepes right
by him with crepe max did he just put
some eggs yeah it's like powdered sugar
this sugar yeah your aunt - ooh what is
that
yummy how did sugar I think Fred is
trying to tell us that he wants us to
make crepes today look he bought a brand
new crepe set and everything for us
that was amazing it's going to be a good
breakfast
lady creeper whore oh pretty yummy crap
we got some cinnamon sugar here that
doesn't shake alright I just made this
one put some cinnamon sugar on it it's
very hot B is it good is it cooked all
the way it feels a little movie but
actually it's gonna get good yeah the
kids are gonna stick to traditional
pancakes huh the boys are so excited
right now we're having a Christmas party
it's like a family get-together
and always getting his first present
from Mattie and the show you guys think
it has been that's your very first
present a little tikes
you have another present
this is Maddy's idea rip it Ollie rip it
thanks guys
today has kind of been a crazy day we've
been setting things up for Christmas I
got to do some last-minute shopping and
now we have Missy's family coming over
today her aunts and uncles and cousins
and stuff to celebrate and give out
presents and I think we have some yummy
Olive Garden coming over - so today's
for that side of the family tomorrow's
for the other side of the family and
then Christmas Day is for like all our
family hey what you playing with Oh
secret life of packs you're not so cool
and what do you got some candy oh yeah
you do ha Matty gave you these dinosaurs
oh that is so cool
all right living pay you want your
surprise from us all you want to give
them their surprise okay pay it and live
we just want you to know that we love
you guys and Merry Christmas and we have
a very special surprise for you since
you guys love playing with all these so
much all the time okay okay you ready
close your eyes walk out and open your
eyes
what is it is that giant unicorn look
completely spaced what else is in there
what what is that it's you guys his own
card you remember playing with this at
Jackson's
wait for Peyton Ollie say Merry
Christmas
you're gonna hit something
you guys like it we figure you guys on
ya got so much fun at the new house
okay bye
hey guess what we got a present for you
now
the Johnson led hard for Christmas thank
you guys look it's a little eight foot
it's so cool yeah
say thank you
but you could probably jump to but not
when there's three big kids in there
they so happy Finn has joined the pack
go Finn go Finn oh holy Olive Garden
goodness we have chicken parm spaghetti
fettuccine lots of goodness our tidings
are full of joy all right what Lynn said
Lynn says we're doing presents gather
round
we just ate a huge all-economy feels so
good everyone gather round gather round
your favorite present to give you ollie
are you having a good Christmas guess
what it's not even Christmas yet
nanny early Christmas up and up rip it
open
this is so fun oli got a present from
Jeff and Cristie that's so cool can you
say thank you to Jeff and Christy
Turlington Casey are opening their
present two tickets to star oh we got
you guys
we found you guys some six seats - it's
not till April I'll take it off all
right thing got a present look he's
opening it oh wow hey did you see that
heaters over to present did he get
everything Holly yeah Ally's just
double-checking
it's empty Liv made always some super
cute cards oh thank you only would you
get he got a Batman car from natal yeah
how cool is that is so cool
all right we just got a present from
Terra and Casey Oh some GoPro gear oh
this is for the dog oh that's cool
thank you guys thank you yeah
the helicopters going and Karma's
freaking out whoa Riley's gotta fly it
alright it is time for Finn's bedtime
and Zuri is visiting look good Larry
she's actually in the house for once a
lot of people been asking about the cat
oh my gosh I can't believe how many
people been asking about the cat and I
have to talk to you guys about it have
to talk about it because we had to make
a family decision we kind of been
avoiding it and I think it's time as you
guys know we got Zuri when ollie turned
three and when we got her we planned
that she would be an indoor cat she
would be like our family cat and we
would have this cat forever but as we
got to know little Zuri roofin is
absolutely obsessing over right now and
laughing at we realized that she hates
being in the house absolutely hates it
she wants out constantly and I tried by
my very best to keep her inside but with
so many doors going the outside and my
kids going in and out all day long it
was literally impossible and I realized
really quickly that she loved being
outside she absolutely loves it she's
happy she runs around she climbs the
trees she chased the birds she even
caught a bird the other day and she
absolutely loves it
but because of where we live I live in
the middle of nowhere I live where wild
animals are coyotes are hawks are
anything could literally grab her and
kill her and so it was constantly scary
when she was outside I just always
worried so what I would do is at night I
would make sure she came in but then at
some times she would not come in she
would just stay out all night long and I
would worry all night long that she
would she wouldn't come back or that
she'd get hurt I finally just was like
what are we going to do like for the
safety of this cat really what are we
going to do and actually doing the time
that we were in London my brother took
her and he's a super big cat person he
absolutely loves cats he honestly like
sort of fell in love with her and he was
like I really feel like she'll be safer
where we live in sort of a tract home
environment where there's no wild
animals outside if she wants to go
inside it's sort of a smaller
environment inside which I think was
part of the problem is my house is kind
of bit big and I think it was
overwhelming her and she was just going
like crazy and she could never find like
kitty litters and I
no I just don't think she could be
comfortable in our house so anyways long
story short at this point he/she we
lived at my brother's or my mom and dad
and my brothers for like 10 days it went
really well and I think we're actually
gonna let her live there permanently and
my brother's really looking forward to
it as far as how Olli feels he actually
doesn't really care he never really got
a chance to bond with her she's never
let him hold her she's kind of a crazy
cat she just doesn't stop moving she's
everywhere she doesn't really want you
to touch her or pet her she just wants
to climb and run and jump and so he
really doesn't mind he doesn't really
even talk about her very much because
she's just always on the run and going
places so it was a really hard decision
for us because she is a family cat and
she's the cat that we thought we had had
forever but honestly for her safety I
really felt like this was the decision
that we had to make it was a hard
decision but I really feel like it was
the right decision we've never gotten an
animal and then got rid of it and I do
believe that when you do adopt an animal
or get an animal you need to you know
take care of it whether it's find a good
home if you can't you know at all cost
avoid like take him to the pound and
things like that and so luckily I feel
like we've got really lucky to be able
to find someone who wants her and is
able to keep her safe because I just
felt like it wasn't really gonna work
here anyways here she is coming to say
hi oh there she is
she says guys I just wanna live outside
and I don't want to die while I do it
hey Ollie do you want to read a book in
your new book yeah you want to read a
new story ok last night I read him paw
patrol and it was really good huh yeah
we met Everest the new paw patrol puppy
who lives in the snow which one do you
want to read gonna be the one about the
trucks no a paw patrol one no oh you
that one yeah you just kidding with me
do you want to read trucks he could not
make up his mind for the longest time
we're gonna read a story in your book
okay
did you have a fun day today we had kind
of like an early Christmas huh
wha it was so fun wha tomorrow we get to
jump on your trampoline and become me CJ
and Bailey are coming over we're gonna
make gingerbread houses yeah yeah I
think this is like the fifth year in a
row you guys we've done gingerbread
houses on Christmas Eve could be so cool
he tell him to thumbs up the video
thumbs up the video and we'll see um in
here I can see you right here got you
all right thank you guys for watching
we'll see you manana Olli what do you
say
