wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
on
just one
Oh
hold around
alright boys Finn's back there somewhere
- good morning hi
are you guys ready for breakfast yeah
let's go get breakfast do you see
anything
uh Ollie you might want to come here
what is that
is that Fred Fred came back Freddy's
back
are you excited cydnus Fred
I can't believe Fred it's bagged it
looks like he also brought back his
books look at his books are here and if
you don't remember Olli Fred he watches
over you during the daytime and then at
night he flies home to Santa Claus yeah
and then he tells Santa Claus whether
Ollie and Finn were good boys or bad
boys so you have to be good so that
Santa so that he can tell Santa that you
were a good boy but he's watching over
you okay and the other rule is you can't
touch Fred if you touch Fred all his
magic will go away and half to go to the
doctors did you see who else is back
yeah that's buddy
do you remember buddy yeah he's a
reindeer buddy you can touch he's your
friend
okay he's someone that you can hold on
to because you can't touch Fred and look
what it says on his little sign you know
what it says it says we're back it says
we're back they're excited every morning
you have to find them and see where they
are okay all right go go get daddy and
tell him to come here is he coming yeah
you saw right yeah what all that's fried
he flew in on his airplane huh his plane
musta came in early
hmm that's pretty fine ha dude
maybe he has presents Fred doesn't have
presents I think so but I think if
you're good we'll get presents yeah
Fred's just gonna watch and make sure
you're good okay and you too fini he's
watching you too he's gonna say Finn was
a good boy or a bad boy that's a girl
yeah Fred and Buddy that's so neat huh
we should read these books so that you
can learn all about Fred again okay
so I am up this morning and I just got
the kids breakfast and I really wanted
to make eggs but only have one egg from
Miss Breen and I'm gonna go out to
chicken coop right now and I'm hoping
that she has just one more for me so I
can make two eggs for breakfast let's go
see breezy got any eggs for me I'm
hungry I see one oh I'm gonna go this
way
rooster is crazy I saw one and she's
putting them back in the correct little
nesting spot so yay look at that Thank
You Bree oh yeah I got an egg yeah look
it's a little dirty it's not poop but
yeah it's a little dirty
not cool Mama's gonna eat it kay
what are you doing oli you got buddy
yeah you can hang out with buddy huh
wait what's in here a little Magic's in
here and buddy's here just to be his
friend and lovin but he needs on
Christmas Eve he's gonna get bigger I'm
Christmassy if he leaves around with
Santa right yeah yeah hello guys still
trying to finish our itinerary for
London what that is Fred yep he's so
cool huh I was up to the morning trying
to finish it trying to book all our
reservations like for dinner and lunches
and trying to have all our tickets to
like attractions and stuff like that
and it's quite the process so I'm still
working on it
hey who just woke up ended Oh fini -
whoa are you so sad Sean buddy
isn't that cool do you want a pet buddy
Finn oh he just wants that I hear you
hold on to that hello mr. fan have you
been oh those are your wings yeah so
Ollie do you remember a little Christmas
tradition we did last year
where we would take an ornament off the
tree and what was in that ornament yeah
candy this year I think mama did
something extra-special with them
and we have to open it because the
advent calendar starts today
I bet calendar starts today you guys I
see it okay I think it might be in your
room let's go see nope it's not in your
room you know where it is yeah it's in
mommy's room where is it Ollie you don't
know where the little tree is with all
the ornaments well we have a tree set up
in here so that decorated but Missy and
I have our own Christmas tree think that
makes five Christmas trees total but
where is your Christmas tree actually
six including the ornament one we have
to find it let's go find it nope I found
it yep it's up here on the mantel up
here above the fireplace look remember
those you want to open one you can't
jump that high that is our little tree
and it's an advent calendar with
ornaments that open let's try and find
one according to our handy-dandy
countdown right here we got 24 days till
Christmas so we're gonna take the bulb
that has the number 24 on it
let me see big one 24 pins like you did
get it yeah we're doing the advent
calendar on a little tree like that this
year instead of that big tree because we
actually ended up losing a couple last
year all right I got the Advent ball 24
days till Christmas you want to see what
it says yeah okay all right Holly I'll
let you do the honors you hear something
cool pop it open Ben what are you doing
your brother's beads so funny right now
open air up what is it no wait there
wasn't any candy in there yeah wait are
you sure
oh yeah there's candy right there let me
see it it's got a little bear on it huh
yeah you can eat that that's yours yummy
and what's this little piece of paper in
here so today's Advent says help mommy
and daddy make dinner you want to help
us make dinner today yeah I think that'd
be such a cool thing for you to help us
do oh yeah Missy made cute little notes
for all the advents that have like
suggestions and cute things that all it
can be a nice boy huh
fin to fin you've been pretty naughty
lately has me it is not bad Santa's not
bad yeah do you love Santa yeah who else
do you love I gave Josh you love Jesus
yeah cuz jesus loves you even when
you've been bad huh
and that's pretty cool oh he's not gonna
eat you it's silly boy how's that
chocolate good I love you know we'll
pick on tomorrow okay okay okay so I'm
not quite sure that putting chocolate in
a metal ball off of a fireplace is
really um the best place for this and I
don't know
oh look christmas is just disaster so
I'm gonna put this somewhere else
somewhere where the chocolate won't melt
all right you guys about to get
technical with this big old Christmas
tree we currently have it in a timer
that's like the manual ones where you
push in the hours and it should turn it
off and on automatically but I don't
think we programmed it right because
it's kind of like old-school so I don't
think it's been working and you cannot
leave lights on Christmas trees on the
whole time apparently because it'll set
on fire and we don't want that so what I
did is I got a little Eve switch and I
hooked this up to my Apple home and I'm
going to plug the Christmas tree into it
and basically set a timer for it to turn
off and on but if I do this it also
means I can control it with my phone
which should be pretty interesting so
we're gonna hook that up and see if it
works
hey Siri turn Christmas tree off serious
sanction hair back so I think I'm having
trouble with that switch so it just must
not be a good energy switch off to find
another one what'd you find
oh it turned off it just turned up might
be a little delayed I don't know if the
trees blocking the Bluetooth signal this
is a jingle bell necklace look at you
put it on your head and now you can
dance around and make Christmas music
yeah just keep that on okay but that I'm
Finn can you put that on finale and then
we'll know where he is all the time oh
my gosh look at Finn right now he's got
a hat on and jingle bells round his neck
did you put that on him ollie well you
look so cute ooh
are you helping mommy make dinner that's
so fun Missy just picked up some amazing
looking chicken and now she's doing like
a creamy herb sauce okay now we're gonna
put a bunch of this in here
company buddy so we just had the most
amazing dinner thank you babe and the
kids just got a shower and now it's time
to brush our teeth brush our keel he
uses a light saber - ah-ah-ah
ke I'm not yet I like that fin ready I
just grab yours
I'll grab yours mama hey your brushing
teeth you Becky yeah they go ah they dad
oh it's adorable don't you go - Sunday
ah that's how I like it since we
cheering yeah then we fight for more
than the Republic today we fight all our
brothers back home
okay Ollie so are you a Star Wars or
Santa Claus oh how about Stan a Star
Wars
Tanna trooper trooper oh you could
totally be Santa trooper say let's take
a night to Freddie indexes a few more
hands
they don't get into too much mischief
all right night Fred
we'll see what he does tomorrow haven't
turned my house part yeah like he's got
Santa all over him tonight remember
naw keepo he oh you can't touch him nice
a night
all right time for bed kiddo
let's go read a book mmm look at this
meteors sharp teeth thank you little
fairy oh yeah long-long all right you
guys I think that's all for today's
video but I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up if
you have not pretty ordered my debut
album please go do it link down below in
the description comes out on January
20th on my birthday and if you are not a
part of my fan club on my website I have
something special coming today for you
guys on there has an exclusive so make
sure you sign up so you can see it
thanks for watching guys let me see you
manana
hey foxy bye bye
you
