all right you guys the things I do for
my kids I'm not too surprised the boys
with something really funny oh hi
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
yo
good morning guys
I am getting ready for my day still VIN
is taking his morning nap and I'm
getting ready to actually film some
videos pain is over right now and
they're working on the train set you
guys put together this train yeah that
is so good oh you want batteries I think
we have to turn it on and then oh you
broke it okay let's see if I can figure
it out okay I think I fixed it here we
go but you honestly don't have much of a
track so let's do this it's not going it
looks like the battery is out on this
controller so I'll have to change them
later okay guys but for now you can
pretend that's not good
okay you guys pretend to play with it ah
they are so cute though when they play
like always like here let me show you
and then like they'll just like work
together they get along so well and it's
literally absolutely adorable I love it
well guys I've been working all morning
getting my chores done I filmed a little
bit of a video I haven't finished it yet
but and now I'm doing the dentist and
I'm so sad about it are you going to
Dennis and I've cancelled this
appointment three times and you won't
even believe this it's just a cleaning
but I just never seem like I have to
feel like I have the time to do it but I
have to get it done my game is still
packing heat it needs batteries yeah why
boys so bulky pon me sup undies your gun
is so broken but it needs some batteries
whoa oh that's the cutest thing ever
yes I think your gun does need batteries
look hey that's where the batteries are
supposed to go I think I'll fix that for
you but I want to kiss right there
that's how you get things done alright
let's put some batteries in this gun for
him let's do this hello guys and hello
mr. Finnegan how are you yes
oh he sees the big thing of cookies
sitting under the iPad hey guys so
today's kind of been crazy busy for me
sweating I have a meeting
that went really well and then I've also
been trying to fill out our itinerary
because we're going to London
Holly Jen we're going to London yeah can
you say London say we're going to London
yeah yeah yeah guess what
Olly guess what we're gonna see in
London we're gonna see a dinosaur dosoo
a real dinosaur dinosaur bones
Josh your bone mm-hmm it's okay
ah guts no all the guts are dried up
yeah so I've been working on our
itinerary because we're leaving very
soon and I'm ashamed to say we haven't
really set everything up yes now I'm
taking a break I'm going to fix his gun
you guys gonna do it okay okay hey Ollie
do you know where the batteries are yeah
what are they in here all right as the
battery all right let's examine the
victim I think we need to triple-a
batteries yeah yeah so let's look
through our battery container and see
what we can find we have double-a we
have D and we have triple-a we have your
gun let's open the batteries it takes to
triple-a batteries do you know what that
means
wine - that's all we need that's pop
those in just like that and like that I
think it's gonna work yeah do you want
to pull the trigger and see yeah I
didn't high-five all right buddy show me
those shooting skills yeah
are you so happy you love your buzz gun
don't you
hashtag dad like you guys the little
things like changing batteries lots and
lots of batteries as you can see our
battery container it's always full I am
back from my dentist appointment and I
have no cavities yeah I'm so happy I
guess I've been doing good with my teeth
cleaning now I'm gonna go check on my
chickens I actually already got an egg
out of them so that's kind of nice you
guys are doing your job making me eggs
that rooster haha you see him egg in
there let's go see I don't think that's
negative yeah I guess Brian was kind of
telling you yesterday
about Lenny our rooster he is getting a
little bit aggressive I'm I've always
said in very beginning he can say as
long as he's nice but if he starts being
mean I think he can stay here so if he
does in the big mean I have a place that
he can go those are the fake ones baby
you know that but yeah he's not too bad
like he's not like running after us and
like attacking us that's a fake one you
know that but I still like he has come
up to me and just bit me before and at
one point when he was out yesterday he
like ran at me but like I said if I end
up having to get rid of them there is a
place that will take him and take care
of him and I've been to this farm many
many times it's just like a really nice
like almost like a petting zoo farm and
they're really cool local and I would
trust them so that is kind of nice to
know if I have to do that resort I can
but it is sad still like I just love my
animals like I've been raising him since
he was a little tiny baby no the
chickens I look to their food that's
good all right you can go give him some
food let's go I've been raising Lennie
since he was like this big and I thought
it was a girl and her name was Lynette
and she was like the mama and now he's
the daddy all right you want to throw
that in there for them yeah okay there
you go so just a bunch of food out here
now cool thanks
also my dad ends up moving this down
here so that all they can come look for
eggs if he needs to isn't that cool
that's what Papa did
yeah and then you can open it that's
pretty cool huh and I'm starting to turn
this into Santa's workshop but it's a
work in progress I still got a lot of
fall stuff here too busy let's go it's
getting chilly fins on my back we gotta
go cook dinner let's go you gonna cook
dinner with me okay let's go
oh um gee you guys Missy is making a
turkey breast in the oven and it smells
delicious and yes that is a little elf
handle it's just velcroed on and this
one's snowman see the snowman okay cool
Missy has just informed me however that
we have no rolls and that's just quite
frankly not gonna fly when you're making
turkey and stuffing and gravy so that's
just the store what oh that's a roller
yeah but it's different from rolls like
bread that you eat yeah yeah so Finn and
I are gonna go with some rolls from the
grocery store cake maybe you shouldn't
do that
mama has to roll things with that face
though he's such a stinker all righty I
got my little shopping buddy although we
look scary out hands.this dark parking
lot don't we yes he cried the whole way
here all right so I got everything we
needed yes I did
I also got some things we didn't need
but when you have put me in a store with
a bunch of Christmas plants it's just
bound to happen also I've been shopping
in here the whole time just notice I
mean my socks ladies and gentlemen so
that's happened actually correction I'm
in my slippers that's probably a little
more graceful than socks to be honest
yes I know you're wearing shoes because
you're prepared all right you guys the
things I do for my kids I'm not too
surprised the boys or something really
funny
it's Rudolph huh oh hi I think I just
scared him who am i Ollie you're Runa ha
Who am I look at my nose he lights up so
bright so I can guides fat genocide ah
what do you see it's that I'm rude ah
not cool
he's so excited
ah don't pull it doughboys all right
look okay here we go things I do okay
what do you think about that Ollie is
that crazy you like it you like my toes
hey you like my toes Oh what do you
think Ben you just want to grab her she
wants to grab my toes so do you know the
story about Rudolph ollie
yeah he is Santa's reindeer and his nose
shines let Heather reindeer it doesn't
know what to think of me
alright Ollie come kiss my nose good
night it'll give you good luck good
night buddy
good night VD you don't know all right
oh that actually hurts with those all
you want to try it because I'm just like
yeah it goes oh my god I look so cute on
you and then Adler's oh my gosh is that
rude ah gonna make it light up
look at you Rudolph bro wait look at the
camera now look at your nose you see it
already look at your nose on your nose
like just look at it you like how dull
either
where are your antlers red-nosed
reindeer okay tiny nose like a light
bulb and if you ever saw
it you would even say it glows Oh
hey daddy can I see you see the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
and if you ever saw it you would even
say it glows all of the other reindeer
used to laugh and call him names
yoky oh they have a that poor Rudolph
join in any reindeer games santa came to
school
Rudolph with your nose so bright won't
you guide my sleigh tonight then having
dear loved him as they shouted out with
glee
yipee Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer
you'll go down in his story
bye Rudolph all right you guys that is
all for today's vlog hope you enjoyed it
you kinda just look like a clown lean on
the antlers if you guys get enjoyed
today's vlog be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe
nono thumbs down thumbs up huh yeah
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
manana Olie what do you say
