say good morning puppy hi gives them
kisses here's a cute buddy I know
uh-huh if we actually get a puppy I need
you to treat him a little nicer than
that okay well we sit him down wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
big Kumar
I am
very
good morning Internet this morning I
woke up had a Christmas tune in my heart
rewatched the blog saw the boys
flashbacks that we did and basically
bawled my eyes out I can't believe how
fast they're growing it's time to start
the day and there's a little kid crying
in here do you wanna build a snowman
let's go get mr. Finnegan huh
Oh mr. Finnegan what do you look at that
Lucky's give me like yeah I've been
crying where have you been
what do this kid he is weird lately no
but I'm not kidding he's been so much
more vocal pointing at things grabbing
things it's just it's just crazy getting
to see the things that he's doing that
all he did also he was growing up yeah
yeah yeah he's always pointing at
something he's pointing at his little
display over here so you got horns
that's cool you want to get out come
here mr. Finnegan come morning say good
morning see we used to do that with
Ollie all the time when he was little we
would play my Cameron say say good
morning and then one day he just started
actually saying good morning Benny your
little puppy wants to say good morning
say good morning puppy ha gives them
kisses
here's oq' buddy I know uh-huh if we
actually get a puppy I need you to treat
him a little nicer than that okay well I
sit him down all right mr. Finnegan you
want to greet the day by the way always
called Finnegan that's not his name but
just goes so well with it oh let's go
greet the day kay go go go go go
good morning army buddy hey should we go
see what the chickens are up to I got my
kid yeah well that'll be for protection
because the rooster is quite mean let's
go see fins already - he's got his doggy
outfit on oh that is chicken poop who's
responsible for that
Susan was that you hi Susan and there's
brie hi Brie oh the chickens are getting
so good with the voice
be careful of the rooster because he can
be kind of crazy so you may have noticed
that they are out right now which
they're usually not out last night I
guess one of the egg hatches wasn't
closed all the way
so we woke up to the kakapo to do right
at our window which was interesting to
say the least
oh yeah the chickens actually got out
ollie let's let's leave him alone okay
because this big one this rooster Lenny
he is very protective of his ladies and
we don't want you to get hurt okay
what are you doing chickens how you
doing today yeah Missy came out her
earlier Lenny pecked her so he's
actually getting pretty violence we have
to be careful around him which I don't
think he'll attack the kids for any
reason but no we checked we already got
the egg this morning yeah
oh no Susan don't get me your cornered
they got you cornered run all right
let's finish the chicken what do you
think of them can I pet you me okay okay
you don't want me to know it's my kids
okay
I think Lenny actually wants to go into
the coop someone let them in come on
guys we're going the coop let's go in
the coop oh look there they go get in
the coop hey Ollie get Susan just go in
the poop just shoo her over here she
were in here come on don't kick her just
be nice and gentle come on keep going
there you go good job getting your coop
getting your coop it's right here she
can't see because of the feathers on her
head it's so funny
your coop is right there get in look at
Lenny's like you messing with my girl no
just get in the coop come on she doesn't
want any coupon once i gunsights it
there you go
all right let's shut the door say bye
chickens oh these chickens they are fun
they definitely make things interesting
I think since Bri who's the Rhode Island
red is giving us eggs we're just gonna
buy like four or five Rhode Island Reds
so that we can have yummy fresh eggs cuz
they're the best egg layers come on then
we're gonna hang out by the rocks come
on puppy come on puppy doggy comers like
it s me you want to go on the
och you know we even wearing shoes boy
you don't need shoes huh
careful careful whoa that was cool oli
you could see everything from there huh
don't work oh that baby would we'll go
daddy what you don't want to go in the
hot tub but you wanna go in the big pool
yeah we're gonna have to do that huh
it's just been a little too cold to go
swimming let's go see what your
brother's doing oh the joys of having a
dog all of all the infant's toys just
graduate to being karmas toys and he
gets a hold of them and choose them all
up karma karma found something yeah well
I don't know what he found Oh looking
he's gonna go hide his dinosaur so you
don't take it all right head it back
inside but yeah this morning has been
pretty chill day I've got a couple of
business see things done and now I'm
just hanging out with the boys what
Missy finishes getting ready all right
boys let's go let's go let's go you
really want a skateboard for Griffin ah
all right we're at Hobby Lobby and we
have 20 minutes to get in and get out
yes got it I'm responding here hey we
just got a call a couple things let's go
as we're pulling in all egos there's a
Hobby Lobby we're all very excited for
Hobby Lobby literally Christmas inside
huh let's go look at all issues right
now his shoes are basically untied and
unlaced you're gonna trip on those dude
hey you know that shoe is supposed to go
on your foot no you're like carrying it
around bar so check out all these bows
we just got you guys we got a bow for
all of the light posts leading up to our
house so it could be all festive huh
why he completely Unleashed them yeah
that's what I'm saying they were unlaced
not just untied all right we are eating
dinner next to our hordes of Christmas
decorations which we're hoping to finish
tonight what are you eating baby snakes
yeah I eat those baby snakes fan are you
enjoying your dinner yeah that was
adorable um yeah we're eating next to
our Christmas tree with it's still
broken star look at that you guys
it did not light up yesterday and we
went to Hobby Lobby looking for a star
that lights up and they had zero we were
like what is that I love you right like
I'm in Hobby Lobby we gotta go Walmart
for that bad
yeah that's pretty Bob hopefully you can
find a star to replace that one cuz it's
just it feels weird not having a
light-up star on it
hey Olli you want to crash the train
alright let's do it hit it mama hit you
it's gonna run into you it's gonna run
into you Ali aah
all right all he is now going to find a
toy to write on top of the train gonna
see him write it good okay all right
we're gonna put this big old dinosaur
right there
all right Ali we put the little dinosaur
on the train watch him go for a ride oh
he doesn't want to go for a ride today
you want to put your puppy on the train
all right turn them off and set them on
all right let's see if he will ride on
the train
you
oh you got an owie Ali does MA Muhammad
Ali yeah where her tongue no you do have
a weird mark on your tongue right now
I'm like he's like you have a broken
tunnels like what I looked at I'm like
this is my time
what's wrong with it Ollie dissing
bitbucket talk a little bit all right la
you want to end the vlog yeah great
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video and we'll wait make
sure you subscribe if you're not it's
like on tribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
what'd he say
