I cook oh hey last thing you were
supposed to do oh I mean we did hand it
to a topper now lick it wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
sunset big
hold around
you're with
good morning from my cabin in the woods
hello Finney yeah what are we doing here
Missy yeah got it first
mayor max he's wearing his little doggie
costume yeah
under that cuz it's very cold hey ollie
is this the line for that house yeah are
you gonna be a dinosaur today is it
pretty cold out here hey come look at
your brother he looks really cute you
want to see him he is a doggie huh - are
you a little puppy dog I live you ready
for the cold this little puppy dogs
ready to brave the cold also huh
he's so cute hey don't go through that
that is someone's treats
you're a pup you're basically a real
puppy you're rummaging through
everyone's things
what's up pay in pay in is that your
dolly is that Elsa oh that's cute all
right we just made it into town and the
festival is going on the town is poppin
and we all got our hot chocolate it is
cold today and we are expecting snow
I'm super excited about it I guess
I'm so excited then gets to meet mayor
maximum mayor mass costume oh yeah
Vinnie you're a doggie and you're gonna
go meet a doggy Oh can wear tie that's
all you're missing Vinnie is a cute
little necktie look at you guys live let
me see your tie blue it's purple that's
cool thank you all you are deputy mayor
of Idlewild today all you kid those are
guys how are you doing how cute is that
hey good naked outfit that's just too
much
doesn't he look like mayor max she gave
him a tie one of the highlights of
visiting Idlewild all the time is
getting to see mayor he's always on the
street he's always doing his merrily
duties and we love seeing him every
single year Harvest Festival mayor he's
the mayor counted out a dog as their
mayor they should the world would be a
happier place
oli look at this giant snowman who's
that that's Santa Claus
do you love Santa Claus oh there's Santa
Claus in there Ollie you wanna go see
him it's like I'll just have that
it's really easy yeah the reindeer let's
go see Santa buddy
look who's that oh all you want to tell
him what you want for christmas oh he
wants a skateboard ah thank you guys
hear you and then got mayor max and
Ollie look at that oh you did so good
seeing Santa and what did you tell him
that he wanted for Christmas
escape rule kids you really want to
skateboard for Chris Mannix that is so
funny
I haven't heard him say that out loud
but apparently he was waiting until he
saw Santa to tell him really was
skateboard thanks so cute so much fun a
Jackson's with him
oh yeah there we go that's the way and
then you didn't even cry good job buddy
Ollie what do you have who bought that
for you uncle thanks uncle what are you
shooting just dinosaurs show Papa
oh this is gonna be a really fun
Christmas
yeah are you know how to shoot at IGBT
you only shoot dinosaurs I'll just make
 the snake the snake I know
that is snow it's like I see usually
pouring rain and it just turned into
snow yeah
you guys it was like chilly and look at
the Sun without and then like a cloud
rolled in
it got cold like ice cold and now it's
like raining snow it's like rainy snow
mm-hmm it's like crazy it's definitely
not cold enough to probably stick we
Californians are not totally dressed
appropriately for this weather and it's
getting the camera all wet so I think
we're and start running back to the
cabin
holy moly guys it just started pouring
down run can you guys see that it is
coming down hard
hey hi guys doing how's ollie it's
raining no it's snowing it's like
hailing now all right baby let's run
back to the house I'm cold go in slow
motion how you doing bud
camping I gather gone all right we are
taking refuge in this Lodge but we just
found I know
imagine that we made it Holly's like a
new cabin this is a lot nicer than ours
this is funny they have a bassinet for
Finn why can't we just stay here you
guys
oh yeah there's a fishy up there oh it's
warm my hair soaking wet it's cool but
we made it to the lodge so that's good
we we're gonna warm up by the fire
bring it at home Jeffrey bring it at
home
we have made it back to the cabin Missy
is shaving chocolate for hot chocolate
it's for realsies snowing now outside
holy cow
it's coming down
that's nice they thought there
it'll-it'll Oh like to stick to her hot
stuff right alright everyone bring the
snow outside
no that's nuts
Ollie luck go right out there and look
put your tongue out can you catch up no
look at your nose it's a blizzard out
there you guys we're gonna be trapped in
here now trapped in the cabin
holy cow
we're seriously in a blizzard right now
this is insane
what blood all right we could go
sledding
what do you think Vinnie has fast seen
snow ah ha ha yeah put your tongue out
ah
oh my god we're getting so much snow on
us this is so cool I'll go puppy dog and
touch it Olli
no ball oh my gosh it's really coming
down babe
can you believe this yeah okay go you
hug in the cabin oh it's so cool here we
go
that was fun huh
you
Papa don't do it look what he just made
let's see this darling it's a snowball
Olli don't drop it don't throw it at
your brother that's cold
hey last thing you were supposed to do
oh I mean we did hand it to a topper now
lick it is it wet spot wet spot set it
free so we have been waiting all day for
the very exciting whole weekend lady
yeah all weekend like the main reason we
came up here and it started snowing so
hard and it's not even like a really
like icy so it's like a slushy snow
because it's not very cold obviously
yeah we were supposed to walk down to
town and go to I know for snow if anyone
really prepared like that though I mean
do it does anyone want to take their
kids on a walk in the snow to go watch
the Christmas tree light up and stand
there well it's like snowy hot you to
mention if we drove they closed the road
- yeah you can't really like go down
there so anyways we ended up making it
all a decision together to not go thank
you everyone isn't really jazz really
sad because we've done it for like the
last four years yeah but it was probably
good we have a lot of little kids and I
think they would all be really cold and
like miserable they're gonna watch the
tree lighting go watch last year's blog
probably on this day yeah yeah on this
day and it will be us watching them like
a tree when it wasn't snow it's one of
our favorite traditions but this year we
end up skipping it but it was still so
amazing to be able to just like watch
the snow fall to be snowing we can go
we have some fun things planned for
later tonight so we ended up skipping
the Christmas tree lighting but I had to
make some chocolate chip cookies in
order to make up for it
gotta celebrate the Christmas spirit
somehow so I think everyone's excited
playing games and we're just having a
black ain't I'm right now and now I'm
gonna get the cookie dough oh hey Olli
what are you gonna go do tonight you're
gonna go to Mimi and Papa's cabin yeah
oh that sounds like five-oh no toys they
don't have no toys no hug no strictly to
sleep you guys be sure our bed is like a
full or double or something like
basically yeah I got heat off the bed
last night
so he's gonna go sleep in Mimi a Papas
yeah I love you I'll be in the morning
okay extra bed there so he gets he's
actually doesn't have very good bed
etiquette my parents have said that he
likes to put his got his feet right in
their back and push oh yeah he loves
doing that this is how you get to meet
me in Papa's cabin bye ollie love you
you guys we just stole my name mrs.
camera obviously my camera
don't tell them if you can't see it's no
real still so much it's literally like a
blizzard out there let me know if we're
gonna be able to come home tomorrow
which could be really cool we could
literally get snowed in also I wanted to
tell you guys because I'm super proud of
him if you have not seen Brian's new
music video go check it out I know he
will link it in that description
go check it out also I'm also gonna just
promote ourselves you know I mean you
have to do it when you're here and he
doesn't know but if you haven't seen our
channel go check it out he's also gonna
link it down there he's gonna be a
little card it's gonna be right here
it's gonna say the jumps of fam right
there you can just click that but oh
shoot he's coming hold on Ohana hey dude
why hey see what there hey dude
whispering that my camera you look like
Joseph are you sick
Christmas spirit oh okay
legit leave it in the comments would you
guys appreciate the daily bumps whole
clan putting together Oh a nativity
aliveness tonight that would be amazing
let's do that for reals alright we're
gonna end the vlog because the kids are
asleep and we are coming to entire Brent
and it with the game right yeah more
games so guys he doesn't work here we in
my parents house yeah so last night here
in let's bring it snowed in so if you
guys enjoyed today's video what are they
gonna do do nothing about that also
subscribe if you're new oh another from
up we are almost there it's crazy bye
