good morning money me if I bang oh he's
right there huh yeah with all the
Santa's yeah do you know what his note
says says I hit six candy canes in the
living room can you find them wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
I am
over every
with me
you want to find six candy canes yeah
first of all let's just address the
elephant in the room Oliver is still
awake from yesterday aren't you yeah why
didn't you go to sleep
no it is 5:00 a.m. and the entire house
is awake
basically so we're up doing things with
the kids running around the other
language we'll get up and do something
laughing is when your since we don't
hear place yeah I guess so
misses making peanut butter balls good
morning Finn how are you doing this
morning buddy what do you want to show
me Oh Fred he's right here huh
yeah should we find his candy canes no
all right go look for candy canes
somewhere in the living room yeah all
right that is one candy cane oh yeah
you're right I will hold on to it for
five more candy canes look around when I
was in England every morning at 5:00
a.m. I popped awake and I have a feeling
that that same thing is going to start
happening here because it's 5:00 a.m. in
world wide awake Oh jump jump and get it
all right almost made it but I got it
for you
candy cane on the reindeer where else
there's one three more another one all
right two more buddy you do Oh awesome
get that one one more whoo good jump by
the way if you're wondering where our
table went yeah where is it it's it's
right there Fred set it up with a
tablecloth and some party stuff I think
he wants us to throw a Christmas party
so we may just have to do that okay we
have one more candy came to fine is
there any in this room
oh nice buddy that's six candy cane say
thanks Fred
hey babe Fred set up like party stuff in
our dining room
so we definitely just have to throw a
party now I think so because I don't
know what also my yeah there's a party
stuff all set up for like buffet and
plates and stuff so I think we're just
gonna put food in it and bite people
over to hang out for the holidays you
way of trying to tell us what he wants
yeah obviously we need to be more
Christmassy
throw a party so as you know I am making
my peanut butter balls and these are the
famous peanut butter balls I have made
these every single year so I was like a
little kid and I even made a video a few
years back on my channel on how to make
them so if you guys are interested
because there are literally little balls
of heaven they're absolutely delicious
Ollie isn't doing a little spoon full of
it huh good so you guys can check out
I'll have Brian link it down below I'm
done with the first step so put these
away now that he's got a chill in the
fridge and then the next step is I have
to start rolling them but I'm kind of
gone because we just got home on a
10-day vacation so we have like no
groceries I thought well maybe the milk
is fine because the milk did say it
expired like yesterday I was like it's
probably fine but Brian made himself
some tea and he drank and he was like um
our milk is bad
so like crap someone's big like some
pancakes or something yummy so I don't
mean it's good happens now Brian had to
run down to go get us some breakfast
are you enjoying that spoon what do you
want you in for a nap time cuz I am it's
so early I'm so ready for bed
hi pay its Bell and spider-man and we've
got Stan and we are headed out to go
check on the chickens and look at this
fall is here you guys might go play in
the leaves yeah gonna leave the weather
is so nice too I swear it's like 4 bits
like 70 degrees
oh this would be like perfect to keep
taking weather but I haven't checked on
the chickens this morning I took the one
last night and they are all doing great
but I haven't checked to see if have any
eggs
oh my goodness cockadoodledoo
hi guys eating how's it going you didn't
find the eggs let's look at this one she
usually lays them in here what's that
Hey her missing oh look she found an egg
that's from one of our chickens yeah she
made a snake isn't that nice woman oh
just go to just making or the dinosaur
did yeah not cool
don't show your mommy I thanks again
breathe Susan is still hasn't laid any
eggs
supposedly Susan lays little white eggs
and we don't have any of those yet but I
came home to about 10 chicken eggs that
is pretty cool 10 she laid me 10 a so I
was gone for 10 days that's I've got a
good stockpile now hey you were in the
dirt and you're barefoot mister go run
through the leaves again
like that it's fall the leaves are in a
very nice pile so that we can dispose of
them right Ali hi Finnegan oh no oh no
oh no oh no
you gotta jump in it buddy
never had leaves in a long time huh babe
actually we haven't had leaves in our
yard yeah aren't they cool Wow hey papa
I would just like to say thank you so
much for breaking all these leaves into
a pile
oh my goodness you guys I wonder where
Olly could be do you know where he is
Finn loves the leaves he's like yeah
this is awesome
me and Finn and Natalia are out and we
are actually at a fifth core right now
and we are looking for some fun clothes
because as you guys know we're having a
little Christmas party worried it needs
some ugly sweaters and the best place to
go for ugly sweaters that's our star so
I'm not going to show what we're getting
yet but we're really excited it city oh
my gosh these are nothing things don't
be hiding that in your pack okay alright
we've got our bag of goodies and I'm
really excited me and Tala we're gonna
go in on a little project together you
have some DIY video that was pretty good
how to make your own print ugly
Christmas sweater outfit I'm really
excited about that I think you were
gonna look cute but also ugly that's a
thing right can look cute butt ugly also
fits to having a ride you having fun
shopping with the girls we have moved on
to target our favorite still with Tao
and we've actually picked up an extra
special person I live we are shopping
and we're actually shopping for
something really fun my aunt always does
sort of a sponsored family thing for
Christmas so we have sponsored a few
families we did this last year and it's
just so fun and actually like really
humbling because the children don't
they're most likely not going to have a
Christmas we get to buy them Christmas
basically or kind of give them presents
that that they wouldn't you wouldn't
even think that they would ask for like
a lot of them asked for like underwear
and pajamas
it's just cool because I it's like would
I like this if I was 12 or if I was 9
like it's just really cool going through
we're buying some books right now yes
right ones and actually one of the kids
is into like mystery and I guess he
likes the Percy Jackson series so I was
thinking Harry Potter might be a fun one
so it's kind of fun because Brian can
kind of help out with that it's just so
cool I love being able to buy fur for
kids that don't normally get a lot of
things to Christmas is kind of sometimes
can be hard for some kids alright I
think we're going to do a fifth wave for
one of the kids too then he asked for
the 5th wave series so that's kind of
fun
I have been up since 4:00 a.m. Ollie has
been up since 2:00 a.m. how you feeling
starting tough by now me crash jet lag
it's real it's a real thing we found
Fred this morning see he doesn't even
know is it morning time was at nighttime
he doesn't even know me what my food
okay yeah you could have a drink
whenever it's right there I'm not
stopping you you see what I mean you
guys it's going okay I'm gonna trying to
feed him as fast as possible and then
put him to bed so that hopefully the
cycle can restart itself he can get some
rest and I need it I need to go to bed
yeah I did not imagine being this
jet-lagged he's listening here he's
watching chipmunks right yeah but it's
the Chipmunks Halloween special you know
it's Christmas right Christmas time
Christmas tree hey you want to sing a
little Christmas Carol
no no because you wanted to sing jingle
bells at the top of your lungs as you
ran around mom and dad as bad at 2:30 in
the morning last night
so sad you guys cease literally about to
crash alright let's see if we can put
them to bed six that's good
he's asleep you guys oh my gosh what a
beautiful thing
that kid it's been like a hundred miles
an hour all stinking day and finally
he's asleep well guys that is a lot of
stuff like I said we're shopping for
multiple families lots of different ages
lots of different kids lots of different
genders lots of kids that are in
different things we've got paw patrol
and Batman and Superman and Pokemon and
books and video games and all kinds of
really fun stuff but it's actually been
really fun it's really fun to buy for
girls because we're girls so we're like
this is cute and then boys were like
what will they like what's a pokemon
like it when one of the kids is like pop
she was like I got paw patrol covered I
know paw patrol but anything else like a
Dragon Ball Z I'm like what raggin
hopefully I think that's pretty much a
wrap I think we're just about done are
you ready to go you have been so good
you've been so helpful yes this kid
actually passed out live was like
chasing him around and being so helpful
I shop and then Sam was like done any
went to bed and we did it we've got a
shopping cart full for three families
which i think is really cool my eyes
look really weird I think I'm really
tired oh my gosh my eyes are bloodshot
it was a success very happy we did it
boy we've been in here oh my gosh we've
been in here for probably like
I know I don't even like Missy has been
shopping all day and not even for our
family or for herself for other people
yeah you're amazing you and Tao we're
shopping for like eight hours so I could
not have done that by myself I want to
do with you I think you'd be like done
yeah Oh stressed out but how cool that
this is like one family they're not two
boys girls this is a family of just four
boys four little boys obviously they're
super inaudible stuff Pokemon and ha
patrol here as well two boys and a girl
I'm so cool we can just like blast
people like we did this last year and it
was like probably my favorite thing that
we did somebody wouldn't get anything
Yeah right I don't know if any of these
families really have like a Christmas
tree
which we were we were gonna figure it
out if they do and give them one family
is also getting like their Christmas
morning breakfast as well yes do we need
to give them eggs and milk hopefully
they have that yeah anyway that's all
for today's vloggity blog hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a thumbs up subscribe scribe oh wait do
the very Christmassy when they're like
smooth thumbs up for Missy's pants you
guys thank you guys for watching we'll
see I mean yeah
you
