get him I'll get him you slick him get
him I'll get him
Oh licked you wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe on
Oh
come to ever
good morning guys we are actually headed
to breakfast we are gonna see meeting
table it's actually Papa's birthday
today so we're really excited we're
gonna celebrate Papa's birthday and it's
just me and the kids right now we are
gonna meet up with my mom and dad but
Brian is actually at a business meeting
and it may be at the same place that
we're going to eat is this place that
he's going to for his meeting it sounded
really good for breakfast and I was like
I'm just gonna go there and then when
you're done with your meeting you can
come join us
so it sounded like a great idea to me so
that's what we're doing right now we're
actually at the same place that Brian is
but he's in a meeting so we're not gonna
see him for a little bit I am doing
something totally different and I've
ever done before
okay are you guys ready for this it's
really hard to get ready in the morning
when you have kids especially when you
have multiple because they're running
around and they're different ages and
they're in different things and so sure
I could make Ollie you know sit maybe
watch a show while I do my stuff but
then thin no way he's like running
around trying to climb in my tub or oh
he's just getting into something always
so I'm gonna do something I've never
done before
and that is I'm gonna put my makeup on
in the car which I've heard about this
because I've seen other moms do it and
Natalia does it all the time I'm like
that is genius why have I never thought
about doing that so I love the house I
have no makeup on and I'm gonna do it in
the car while I wait for my mom and dad
I left a little bit early so that I
could sit in the parking lot and do my
makeup while I wait for my mom and dad's
get here Finn is fast asleep so he's
gonna take a little bit of nap always
gonna rest his eyes a little bit huh no
he's not that was alive so he's just
gonna hang out I'm gonna go and makeup
done it's genius
you guys just worked out perfectly I got
my makeup done and Mimi and Papa just
pulled in those amazing huh
let's go get them okay that actually was
really nice I will leave right my make
it done in peace now we're gonna go eat
our breakfast let's go
here he comes all I see him you gonna
get you out is he gonna come okay yep
yep okay come look it there he is hey
open up oh thank you government to kiss
happy birthday to Papa so for your
birthday papa we are buying you a house
now you're gonna shed look at all these
cool sheds you got so many woodworking
tools that's taking over my mom's garage
oh so you just want your garage back
this is cool Holly is this a is this a
shed or what else could it be
it could be a chicken coop this is kind
of what our chicken coop looks
Hey look at see that's what your bed
could go yeah
all right we have picked out a shed for
Papa for his birthday you got to pick
out exactly what he wanted which is
really cool because he's been needing a
workspace and now we're at the mall we
actually have a couple of things we have
to grab because we're doing Thanksgiving
at a very special place this year and
we're responsible for a couple of things
all right so what williams-sonoma
because we have to grab something for
Thanksgiving and look at they have
turkey gravy cranberry samples cranberry
relish
doesn't make my life a lot easier it's
like citrusy yeah yeah you don't try it
No thank you no not a big cranberry fan
mmm that's really good and I'm trying a
homemade hot chocolate which is really
good it's literally just like chocolate
shavings and milk always playing with
the toys except they're not toys
but we are in charge of whipped cream so
we're gonna make our own whipped cream I
mean they put me in charge of agreement
I'm gonna make it right she's gonna do
it right so we're looking for that like
this
so you basically whip your own cream
right oh this is awesome only charges
but I was like oh I want me to buy this
like forever okay I know I wanted fresh
whipped cream get him I'll get him
it is like him get him Olly get him oh
he liked you oh geez now he's doing the
runaround shaky body thing come on silly
boy you silly boy bring lunch at the
mall and Ollie and Finn just entertain
each other it's actually the greatest
thing ever oh no where's ollie
where's Ollie dare ya Oh where'd he go
what are you doing
what's that ham thing
tickle tickle tickle tickle under his
chin ollie
that's where he's ticklish see chicken
tikka tikka tikka tikka
Hey hey Olli guess what we're gonna get
get you know a key a Christmas tree does
it
hey mama get you a dinosaur truck at the
store yeah cuz you are a good boy
bad dog oh it's a bad answer trouble you
are a good boy right okay let's go get a
Christmas tree then we're gonna go get a
Christmas tree get me out of this side
Santa oh my gosh the smell of Christmas
trees it's an incredible thing
what'd you find
did you find our Christmas tree that one
who look at all these ones oli oli is so
excited to find us the tree this year
babe
I know you actually can pick us pic help
us pick one out uh he likes this one are
you giving this tree hog
you
you
oli what we get a ginormous Christmas
tree are you so excited
here they come oh my gosh this tree
looks so big in the chef Oh how's it
going yeah we're headed to dinner after
this and they're gonna have SAP full all
over them
wow that looks huge you could have
bought this table oh sorry I didn't move
the table oh my gosh okay
cheers baby okay Wow it looks so pretty
yeah no you're good you're good oh wow
that's very crooked yeah it looks pretty
yeah huge yeah I like it a lot I was
like three four Jesus genius all right
we were at Papa's birthday dinner at PF
Changs Finn's getting some dinner still
what is that you picked out a present
for Papa what did you pick out Holly
it's a it's a secret I'm gonna open it
well the packaging is kind of an
indication to I guess with the checker
would you get me new paper there's boys
like there's more stuff in there oh man
more paper are you sure you got him a
present
thank you hey sure thank you for all the
paper oh you're just gonna say it you're
just gonna cool race car Olli nothing
when you picked out oh oh this is a much
better race car that's a good one right
guy told you papa that's a much better
is running this this is a nice race car
though here you can have this race car
you have that one K good job Olli very
hard for when you thought you wanted and
we go
I think he's like um I think all he
loves that really breaking news you guys
this is very important drop everything
you're doing and listen to this breaking
news
then like a dog suit that's crazy
this kid will eat anything well he'll
slurp anything yeah I guess I'll take
more Matt it's def good stuff
hey ollie Matt what movie do you wanna
watch tonight he has been dying to watch
secret life of pets so many times we
watched it three times in the theaters
didn't we yeah and now it's out it's on
appletv we're gonna snuggle and we're
gonna watch it tonight but I had to find
his shirt - who's that
Oh max that's max hey Ollie what's your
favorite movie ah see
it's his favorite movie you guys we're
gonna watch a movie Finn is in bed and
we are just gonna relax for the night
thanks for watching taste it if you
enjoy begin be sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe please go pre-order my new
album say go pre-order Daddy CD type in
dynasty go do it link down below in the
description new music video coming up
very very soon so get ready thanks for
watching we'll see you manana all right
let's say bye what do you say
