fan are you playing with the dinosaur
fin you're being so unbelievably cute
right now
yeah he's spinning around in circles
whatever you are that's whatever wannabe
I am
very
me
it is another beautiful gloomy day here
in London England and I'm very sad to
say that it is our last full day in
London and we have no plans I purposely
didn't plan anything on this day just to
give us the freedom to do whatever we
wanted to do when I want steak tomorrow
we head home back to California but
we've seriously been having a blast here
in England I think it's just so cool
getting to show the kids like new
cultures new places new people and show
him that not everyone is the same as
where we live you know I think that's
really important for kids this morning I
ordered myself some breakfast tea it's
English breakfast tea and I've done
gotten quite accustomed to it you guys
so I also drink it with plenty of cream
and sugar as well we just grabbed my
little tea spoon he tea spoon it's an
actual tea spoon oh and I'm course not
being washed correctly here we go OOP
voila English breakfast tea but
seriously I think I'm gonna start
drinking English breakfast tea more in
the mornings ah oh good I've always
wanted to drink coffee in the morning
and I do like drinking it wakes me up
and it's like the smell is really
invigorating but it just makes my tummy
to upset for like the entire day so I
don't really enjoy drinking it but tea
is nice it's clean it's still perks you
up it's yummy
I like it well I got oh look who decided
to join me for tea you are in my
biscuits here you go you can have a
biscuit you like it's a biscuit here
good morning beautiful
you look pretty ready for our last day
hey babe I think it excited for
Christmas I want like a tea set up
actually for Christmas I would just love
tea delivered to my bed every morning
for a year when I like up
no just get me a tea Butler please what
what one biscuit isn't enough you have
to have two hmm this kid is in
everything this morning going crazy huh
these ears do not deceive he is a little
animal socially though babe I dipped the
biscuits into the tea and it was amazing
I want that for breakfast every morning
No
good morning oli what are we doing right
now going to get breakfast huh isn't it
a beautiful day in London yeah yeah we
looked at all the colours on the way
here oh you did so good hey who did we
not find this morning Hey we did not
find Fred this one of you guys and I
actually have a feeling that he may have
gone home yeah so mate we may actually
find him when he gets home but for now
we're getting some breakfast let's go
check out this little chair they had at
the restaurant touches right to the
table and look at that it straps right
there that is genius babe all right we
have a couple of Advent Falls that need
to be open because we've kind of dropped
the ball 13 this was yesterday see and
then you can open up let me see which
one's us Oh 12 today is 12 days till
Christmas so you open up that one and
all you open up a big one ooh you got
chocolate and a little No all right
what's nothing read a book to thin oh
that sounds fun
huh you read a book ten later maybe
tonight before bed make sure we do that
you can eat the chocolate yummy all
right you want to read what your son
call uncle and tell him you miss him Oh
that'll be a feet Kevin there's my phone
call uncle Colin all right we are
walking down Chinatown we just did a bit
of shopping
Missy found a cool Scottish store oh
yeah we're moving in haha we never
really go to the Chinatown's but this is
what they look like
apparently how's the weather up there
Finn that what he's keeping you dry
there is a wonderful patisserie there
that cake this is how Papa carries fun
by the way it's funny who also gimme
your on a sample might try that
take it off he's like something pointy
try it sponge
he literally just wants this weapon
you're so funny but and it's actually
really good like a stress sponge which
is what they call take care take a
sponge
oh and pudding is dessert Chinatown was
definitely an experience and now we are
headed into original Hardee's sweet shop
I've been looking for one of these I'm
really excited
of course the first thing only finds is
a gun with candy in it
you're crazy kid how what you finally
eggs oh cool it's a shopkins should we
get something for live and pay yeah they
love shopkins grab another one little
thing found some toffee that includes a
hammer so you can break it all apart
alright you guys we just purchased a ton
of
and we are going to go back to the hotel
room and try some nails that sound good
ollie
yeah gotta say earthy gun was candy
that's like the best thing ever all
right you guys you just got back to our
hotel and we got some yummy treats from
parties now Hardee's is a british sweet
shop but they have a lot of stuff that
you can already get in America so I
decided to grab only things that we'd be
able to find here you excited yeah you
want to try some yeah first thing we
picked up was this gun it's like an
old-fashioned pirate gun Stephen might
 it back and shoot it oh not fun
yeah and it has jelly beans in it
you wanna try them in jelly beans are
stuck there's two which one you want
pink or white okay you take the white
pink one onto the island Cheers oh he
ate it Cheers mmm I was not a yummy
delegate we also picked up one of these
Hardee's pick-and-mix
really I think not cool yeah so this is
really interesting and I actually got
one of these at the theater when we went
to go see Harry Potter you're cursed
child it's basically just filled with
random sweets and I had to get another
one because they were so good you guys
check this one out smoothly butterfly
human try that one yeah and then I'm
going to try these which I've already
tried but it's like a yeah wafer thing
and it's like soft I think it has some
sort of like sugar in it right that guy
eating cardboard
these are definitely interesting I don't
even know what they're called with like
wafers ooh so it has like little coke
bottles like random little bonbons like
gummy snacks filled with are covered in
sugar a carrot look at that cute little
carrot Ollie Oh how's that butterfly
club a mushroom which either coming
mushroom
you are you sure okay okay how I love
candy hi sweet huh
I get King too especially like these
ones it's like gummy and then it's
covered in like sugar beads what do you
think ollie good good you want to see
what else we got
yep this is Hardy's British retro candy
it was like old school candy they used
to eat that stuff gave me mm-hmm I'm
gonna dump it all out at once okay
look at this all it's a whistle it's a
necklace gonna put on your neck no do
you yeah hey let me show you so what
these are ollie is you put them on your
neck like this like a necklace and then
when you you fancy a treat say oh I'm
just walking down British Street oh look
a British pub oh look some British sweet
and you like that's Holly look you drink
that I'm not yourself a little snack
we have fizz whiz you want to try these
they pop in your mouth
three yeah did you do these with auntie
you want to try it yeah okay you ready
here open your mouth hear it I'm not
cool these are called fizz Wiz here in
London in America we call these pop
rocks biz Wiz
these are cherry but they look weird
mmm Thunder God huh turn um I think pop
rocks are better hey are you here oh
yeah British retro candy also came with
some Frosty's I'm sure what these
outlets chickies up all right these look
interesting here take one of those off
for data it's really sticky all right
let me try oh oh it's hard
you open this sure where Frosty's are
weird
are they pop in let me here all right
all he's going to try a drumstick it's
like a sucker huh yeah it looks like
it's two different colors it's like
slightly pink but slightly white huh
is it good Oh what are these rainbow
drops these are like little wafer II
treats it probably don't taste like much
Oh odd rainbow drops just tastes like
cereal hey cane yeah here try one of
these rainbow drops like mmm they're
actually really good
Hey okay say how come yeah a little bit
like popcorn too all right another
British thing we got is called
scrumptious caramel and sea salt fudge
mmm maybe I'm not a fudge person but
it's caramel II Missy's mom loves salted
caramel felt all right and last but not
least I'm gonna let Ollie open one of
his spider-man eggs that says sweets and
surprises you want to pop this open yeah
let me take the wrapper off for you okay
let's rip off spider-man yeah and now
you have an egg whoo you're a pro at
that what you got wagon is kicking came
with a spider-man sticker and look at
these little candies walk and what else
Batman a Batman keychain yeah that's
pretty cool yeah whoo try these they
look cool
hey well what do you think what do they
taste like hey cake ah stars yeah
actually tastes like strawberry Oh baby
so Mimi and Papa your candy get up oh my
god I got a sucker he's got a ring that
also gummy candy you are eating your
rings you're wearing a necklace you
could eat and you're gonna shoot me with
it yeah tell a beam gun pirate you're a
pirate
candy pirate he's kind of ring on that's
like a gummy never have green apple
airheads oh yeah they had them here
childhood I like the red ones say good
morning uncle uncle very early there and
what do you have to say uncle I miss you
I owe you then this was actually your
list you need to say I miss you
then look who's on the phone he's trying
to eat some British candy right now all
right you guys that I said I last night
in London and I cannot believe how many
people are out right now we just
finished up dinner and we ran down and
actually grabbed some doughnuts as well
because all he wanted a doughnut huh
you didn't get ran over
now all crossing the street he's very
frightening he was gonna get ran over he
was fine he was fine but I'm assuming
everyone just got out of work cuz it's a
Tuesday night like where are all these
swords
pretty sure everyone just got out of
work right now and they I think the
trains right here too
so Finn are you playing with the
dinosaur Finn you're being so
unbelievably cute right now he's
spinning around in circles go ahead and
open it we have Oliver 'he's very last
kinder egg is your very last kinder egg
Oliver yeah break open the chocolate No
let's eat it's lumpy oh but you can
break it open to see what's inside first
oh you have to eat it okay what is it
no chocolate all over your face are you
so happy ooh it looks like it could be a
car Oh God
at the instructions so we take this one
and put it on like that that one right
there and this one goes right yeah it's
like a little tractor it's cool thanks
for watching our vlog today guys Gideon
shut up thumbs up if you guys enjoyed it
Monni be gone home open big package
going home to open Christmas presents
hey this is my boo
