oh hello Finn and he's off to steal the
crown jewels you wouldn't get very far
though I don't know he's pretty cute you
might actually get far wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
salsa's that big blue eyes
just one
 your dog
I am home
hunger ever
me
good morning you guys I'm looking for
Olli
Missy do you know where Elias oli where
are you where is he I'm just gonna sit
on this bed unrelaxed
oh so comfy what just rip it under there
I see little does see you got you
good morning Olli alright kiddo let's go
we have a fun day in London today okay
Holly if it is still sleep in you want
tickle him
good morning said you ready for another
fun day oh you're gonna give him morning
kisses give him morning kisses good job
good morning buddy how are you I looked
I didn't see him here
yeah looks everywhere this morning I
could not find Fred we'll have to find
him tonight okay the boys are gathering
around this heater that were sitting
there at his breakfast place brat kazi
cafe was just like a five minute walk
from our hotel yeah don't touch it is it
keeping you warm though yeah it is cold
outside you guys I have to say I'm
especially obsessed with English
breakfast tea in the morning so good
let's grab a quick breakfast starving
I've been up for like two hours
I don't know why I when I'm in London I
wake up super early earlier and I don't
like the way but mine is the way when I
wanted to do for three days yeah
good morning guys this is another day in
beautiful London we did not see the Sun
today which is pretty normal I feel like
we haven't seen the Sun much since we've
been here but no rain slept at night me
and Brian are up here with oli and my
parents are back there my dad actually
is wearing thin today which is so nice
that me wearing him everyday and my hips
my back hurt even though I love the Ergo
I think I hadn't been wearing it exactly
the perfect way because I've been in
curries and like to throw him on a
couple times at my back and my hips are
just like done I don't want to wear him
anymore so my dad's like I'll do it and
Finn's happy my dad's happy so that's
nice we have acquired our tickets to the
Tower of London and we are entering now
all you excited to see this castle yeah
what lives in castles dragons what else
dinosaurs and what else lives in castles
kings and queens peril appear I was
telling him the keys and queens live in
castles he goes of Idaho I like that's
right that's right we are entering the
Tower of London Jim what's this thing
right here good shape this is probably
where the moat whoa a trebuchet oh this
is where the moat was launched they
probably have in the courtyard that's
crazy
wearing slits with a
yeah the little crosses you can't get
them thank you yeah a lot of crazy
things happened at this tower it wasn't
really known for being a prison but they
imprisoned a lot of people they executed
a lot of people I love it execute Lord
Lovat from Outlander was executed here
which is actually a real thing but not
in the real freedom in my book he is
also real pretty yes so there's like a
whole other castle you have to go
through if you got in here they made it
over the first of all they would sit
here and just try to Wow come on my
little dragon
you
Oh No you're in jail you're trapped
like I said torture let's go see what
they did this might be a little scary
Ollie okay you'll be okay
I'll he see that guy over there he has
to stand really really straight and not
move at all he's a guard can you try it
put your hands at your side stand really
straight both arms down legs together
don't move
can you move so we just saw the crown
jewels and it's actually really cool
because all the crowns and stuff are
still used to this day at the State
Opening of every Parliament and during
coronation and this is where they keep
them the time being but it's pretty cool
getting to see them up close very
quickly Oh a little thin and he's off to
steal all the crown jewels you wouldn't
get very far though I don't know he's
pretty cute you might actually get far
Jim what's that that's so cool I love
them fired
welcome to the medieval palace Macy is
actually not on the phone just so you
guys know - that's just an audio tour
she's listening to
come to my room it's very small ken
instead of can't really fit anything in
here hi what Holly you're trapped now
yeah cuz he closed the door are you
getting the next step in oh alright
let's go explore the rest of the powers
let's go
so this is where King Edward's bedroom
was quite small for a king
ooh canvas stuff with horsehair
so American feather oh that's nice
he ordered a feather mattress to be
muscled for men
he's really good
wool blankets pillows stuffed with
feathers curtain I know
then is headed straight to the throne
you guys that's where the King shot Oh
heads up in fancy chair for the King
basically headed up up up you coming
ollie
jerky you see us soon out where we early
these they used to eat and drink with
there's coins from the king from the
reign of King Edward the first a stylist
for their mobile phone suite jealous
jealous of your child
what is that that is a knight is he
attacking you what did we feed him
stay up little little bunny spit so oli
this is where the archers would sit with
their bows and they defend the castle
through these little slits they have to
put on that big old hat han we need to
look out for attackers enemy arrows from
outside the castle could hit you here so
all of the archers stand up here with
their bow and arrows check that out
Ollie and they protect the castle they
protect the castle yeah from enemies can
hear fighting going on so this room
talks all about the different wild
animals they've had here and look at
these two wild animals right here look
at this one this one is crazy
this is where they kept all the world
peace and they had one room for all the
on-page monkeys could like walk around
in visitors an atactic way so they have
you shut it down the tower ostrich died
after swallowing a large male because
they thought that hostages right inside
of a polar bear - the Thames river oh
yeah yeah the polar bear was fishing
right down there not a great place to
live you're a wild piece look at me and
dancing about in my knickers did you
know I'm wearing knickers career ye are
back at the hotel and is taking a nap
and my parents are actually just leaving
for their date night tonight plant them
a date night they are going to a steak
house and they're going to go see
Phantom of the Opera sounds really fun
insanely jealous and they're really
excited about it - they've been amazing
though watching the cake so much this
show we actually had plans to go up to
the shard but the weather was actually
really bad and they said that it was the
zero visibility
this basically means we'd go up there
and it was just we just seen rain yeah
and so they said like well you can
reschedule for later but we're like you
don't let's just do it anyways so we go
through security and VIN Hendy must
fallen asleep and he was kind of at that
point where he needed to sleep or all
hell's gonna break loose
we're like oh maybe we're gonna enjoy
this in peace and then they told us no
strollers and you're like that really
sucks we tried to get like them to see
if they could let us up there anyways
with the stroller and I really don't
want to wake them up so we're like well
let's go ahead and reschedule it for
tomorrow
they were like you'd like to go another
day I was like oh my gosh er tomorrow's
our last day we'll go then oh you can't
go that day I was like oh okay can I get
a refund no you can't yeah so we're
going kind of bummed about that but okay
Ben's gonna take you finishes nap and
then we might end up going out on the
town just us but not really sure a
couple things you want to do is I really
I don't
put the ham ELISA I actually really want
to go to hammocks do we really want to
go to one of these sweet shops that we
keep saying that I'm really cute I kind
of want to get some cute little
souvenirs that are around town for like
my brother and sister and maybe like
some Christmas presents we also need a
suitcase to put all our extra crap yeah
cuz all those things I wanna buy right
now I can't take home Oh weird the tree
though and there he is he is spider-man
right go save mama and that's bad on me
you do better get that spider alright we
are having dinner at this very loud
place but amazing hotel designer and
it's real American
we have fried chicken waffle pancakes
chicken nugget Holly what are you eating
are they got me yeah basically all right
we just finished an amazing dinner we're
walking through the Carnaby Christmas
Revolution look at all these big old
signs they have peace kiss
hope love rebel youth it's like a
pedestrian area so there's like shops
and stuff these boys are all ready for
bed aren't we
you're a vet high five I fed Ellie high
five high five ollie
can you look so cute in your little role
with your rubber duckie on it yes you do
that's pretty cool uh Fanny I believe
your butt flap is it open you boys have
fun today
he's boys all right you guys that's all
for today's video hope you enjoyed it if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment thanks for
watching we will see you manana Ollie
what he said
you
