hey guys before today's video starts I
want to let you know that the vlog is
sponsored by Olay and cosmopolitan now
on today's video wherever you are that's
where I wanna be
Oh
Trevor you're with
how's it going boys is that a dinosaur
is it gonna eat me
is it gonna eat me okay it's a guitars
thin is vacuuming the play room like a
good little boy huh
he always does his morning chores that's
perfect yes good morning guys I have
some really exciting news today was the
official day that my album came out for
pre-order and when you preorder the
album right now you actually get the
first two tracks instantly which I just
want to say thank you guys so much for
the support everyone's just been saying
how much they love the music but I
opened up iTunes today and I scroll down
to pre-orders did a little swipe II
swipe and look at that they featured my
album pre-order isn't that cool buddy
thanks buddy
yeah it's really cool to see my album on
the featured pre-order list on the front
page of iTunes right now really really
cool so if you guys have not pre-ordered
the album you can do so now on iTunes at
the link down below in the description
also my hair is very tall today that's
why I'm like let's steam that a little
bit yeah hanging out with my boys
watching them while Missy gets some time
to actually get ready for the day yeah
you playing nice a fin blast me blast it
hey guys good morning and brian has got
the kids today which is so nice because
I finally have a moment to get my makeup
done exercise happy new edition of
cosmopolitan and Zooey Deschanel is on
the cover to me is that we actually
think that we look like I don't know who
did you tell me I don't know I think
that when I have like bangs I look like
her but she's also really I'm sitting
here doing my makeup right now and one
of the coolest things I've added to my
routine is olay regenerist
micro-sculpting cream with SPF 30 this
one was really cool because you can put
it right under your makeup and it really
protects from the Sun which is number
one leading cause of skin aging it's
really important to protect your skin no
matter the weather or the season and
that's why obey your Jenner
micro-sculpting cream with SPF 30
doesn't up and over a special message
for you guys from Cosmopolitan's
executive beauty director Elia hi Missy
I'm Lea wire from cosmopolitan I chose
Olay Regenerist micro-sculpting cream
with SPF 30 to win the 2016 Cosmo Beauty
award for the smartest daily treatment I
love that this product not only has
anti-aging properties to keep you
looking young but now it's packed with
SPF to help combat daily sun exposure
can't wait to see how you use this
product to protect your skin throughout
your busy day with your family thank you
that was actually really cool
information and luckily the good stuff
wins awards guys know I
I'm a very busy mom and I don't really
have time to put on a ton of makeup so I
usually stick to my basics which is
foundation I usually do a little bit of
mascara do some little bit of eyeshadow
on my eyes and then lips which is always
nice because I just feel like I'm put
together every day but the most
important thing to me is this stuff no
matter what I always put this on
underneath my makeup and there are some
days where I walk no makeup but no
matter what I've got this on this stuff
is really cool because it protects from
not only the Sun but also skin evening
which is really nice because my skin is
very important to me so if you guys want
receive your personalized skin care
regimen with Olay skin advisor make sure
you check out skin advisor not Olay calm
or check the link down the description
now I'm ready for my day thanks Elaine
wow you guys it feels so good to be in
the studio again I felt like I spent
like six months of my life here at least
and I miss it
it's Molly best it smells like home did
you miss your throat coat I did yes no I
have it now oh my in my throat spray
they had all my my fun singing utensils
utensils I don't know if that's a thing
yeah so today I recorded oh come all ye
faithful and it's gonna be in a
Christmas record that has a lot of
familiar singers that you guys will know
and Daniel is actually pushing it out do
you want to tell them a little bit about
what it is yeah so this Christmas record
is for and epilepsy it's a really
important cause to us my son has
epilepsy and it's just something we hold
dear to our hearts so we want you guys
go out and get this record and help
really support a good cause all the
money is going to the Epilepsy
Foundation of Greater Los Angeles there
you have it guys so I'll let you know
when it's released the song turned out
really good I'm excited to hear everyone
else's versions think Jeffrey sing on it
Sly Fox sing on it
Maddie sing on it it's gonna be a cool
time but dude our our record it's
available right now for pre-order it's
really high records available for
pre-order that was quite an effort
yeah a project dude we finished it whoo
ups I'm so excited
us would not have happened if it wasn't
for this guy I don't know how it all
happened before I think I knew it I was
just in here and we were recording a
record that's kind of a ceramikas yes
what so it's really cool so if you
haven't pre-ordered us link down below
in the description go check it out I am
all ready for the day friendly
my hair done and I am headed down to the
chicken coop to check for eggs the
fitness taking a nap and always gonna
come with me you want to go look for
some eggs Ollie all right I've been
waiting for these chickens to lay eggs
for like ever I feel like it's never
gonna happen I feel like I'm gonna cry
when it does so anyways let's go and see
look at all my plants are doing so good
actually these are looking kind of gross
this is cilantro and I don't feel like I
want to eat that and the thing this is
rosemary we just look pretty good now
I'm confused with the celery's I thought
the celery was gonna grow up but I think
the celery is growing down and the
lavender smells so good oh my gosh what
is that
hey guys rig Wow looks kind of like a
dinosaur eh it's cool all right let's go
look for chicken eggs there we go hello
my chicka-chicka dudes
how's it going got any eggs for me Susan
Bree I'm looking at you Bree I am
relying on you to make me some eggs you
not so much I think you're just gonna
make babies actually he cockle
doodle-dudes all day long it is crazy
okay guys hey at least you're not a mean
rooster that's nice huh any eggs nothing
fake ones poop nothing where are the
eggs ladies where are the eggs because
thank oh yeah those ones are fake eggs
to help them encourage them to make me
eggs I want eggs for breakfast may as
well check out here too you never know
nothing no eggs
haha Bree make me some eggs me me me
making ma-mutt say we're making lunch
what we're making lunch
Finn is up and I am making my famous
tomato soup from pasta it's an organic
creamy tomato basil soup and is so good
probably the best creamy tomato soup
my entire life and I am just making some
grilled cheese on my griddle all he
wants chocolate milk which actually
sounds really good I think I'm happy
Finn is doing his usual whining cuz
mommy doesn't have him what you did like
wait mama hold and yeah just making some
grilled cheese for lunch sounds good
super easy lunch on there is ice cream
right maybe if we all our lunch we can
have ice cream - do you know where Olly
is hey Ally where are you is that Peter
Pan under the Christmas tree who is it
it's ollie found you
I like your Peter Pan impression though
Oh looks like Finn wants a hide under
the tree he's trained to army crawl you
know when I was little Ollie I used to
love hanging out under the Christmas
tree I'd bring toys under there and just
play what you can't get in there since
frustrated he's like I just want to go
under there he's trying
he can't crawl low enough though alright
karma it's your turn for a doctor visit
yeah check you out
there you go I am running karma to the
vet right now because of a couple things
one thing that finally like was the last
straw was Thomas foot seems to be hurt
he went to my parents Jerry while we
were in Seattle and he played really
hard with Kota encode as a puppy and
runs really fast and so he came home
when he was limping and I thought oh he
must have just ran too much and he's
older so he's just not really been still
haven't gotten over it he's still kind
of not really using that leg so I'm
gonna take him in but there's a couple
other things I want to get checked
there's a couple little lumps that I
want to make sure are okay all right my
little Christmas dog let's get that leg
checked out of course he's using it fine
right now but karma you are a happy boy
right no ank you this is the foot that
he's been limping on he's pretty much
putting weight on it but you can tell
he's definitely got it like two
side and most of the time if he's like
really running he just doesn't even use
it I don't like that I just want to make
sure it's okay maybe it's just a sprain
or either something in his foot because
he doesn't really let me look at it
so maybe the vet couldn't help us look
at your foot okay all right you guys so
in honor of my debut album us becoming
available for pre-order Missy and I are
gonna spend a little bit of us time and
we are going out on a date tonight
oh hello beautiful
Missy's getting ready for our date
tonight how did it go with karma the vet
even good actually
so he does not have any torn ligaments
he does not have a lump that is like
dangerous whatsoever and yeah they
should keep him chilled only play too
much with him so yeah poor karma I know
it was so bad he are sick you know and
he was like um I was just pretending and
grab this all on a team is not meant
steps we all I swear he's been
three-legged for like two days no movies
nothing I was just is Kiki
poor karma though I hope yeah I hope he
starts to feel better
missing I are going out tonight are we
going to dinner I think so
we're gonna go eat dinner together with
no kids just us see what I did there
just us just whoa you look like a ghost
again with a camera focus on your
beautiful skin
all right guys me and Brian are get it
out to go on a little date just us but
what it doesn't know is that I have been
planning a really big trip and I'm
really excited to finally get to tell
him and I'm gonna vlog it and see what
his reaction is it's something I've
never really done before planning like a
trip I've already packed everything we
leave tomorrow morning I'm just gonna
tell him to pack his bags and it's a
total surprise I'm really excited
kind of nervous and it's been super hard
for me to keep a secret cuz I'm really
bad at keeping secrets
Brian will come Holly taken out there
okay okay love you
Hey so okay
guess what why are you doing I plan
something really special for us no you
didn't yes I did
why is the suitcase right thing I need
to pack your bag when we leave tomorrow
morning really really early I'm not
gonna tell you anything we're going to a
movie
no movie we're gonna go to a movie
together then I mean we're leaving in
the morning
so I mean you to pack something comfy
something nice what some pajamas and
something casual I'm saying something
yeah I know you're acting so weird
okay well I got my bags packed so yes
where are we going now I'm gonna tell
you that are we going on a plane Missy
do you remember book airplane right
we're going on a plane oh my gosh
let's talk you guys I don't know what's
going on
Missy has never done anything like this
for me so I'm very confused and scared
I'm surprised I'm glad you're surprised
because I have a really hard time qu
secret yesterday was the hardest thing
okay obviously I've known something is
up which is like come take an outfit
like you're wearing an outfit so
obviously I know something's up because
they you've been like you'd look at me
and I'd be like I'd be like so tired
when can we take a break and you'd go
and it's honestly it's for its for no
reason like Kita's a birthday coming up
it's not like for Christmas I just
wanted to do something deserve you
I just wanted to do something really fun
and special for no reason other than
he's been working really hard his album
just went up for pre-order and it's a
really big time of her life and I wanted
to like so just take it in and relax
deserves this girl this is really hard
for me to do because like he said I do
not do stuff like this at all I was like
how do you book an airplane flight like
I usually just go to Brian he does
boarding so no I figured it wasn't too
hard said no we have to end the vlog
yeah we're just gonna end the vlog he
has no idea anything else I just told
him a bad news
the kids are taking care of my parents
is my tonight they're gonna be good
this is gonna be really really exciting
and I'm so excited and I have a lot of
really fun things plans
no it's weekend so make sure you guys
tune in and find out where we're going
tomorrow and what we're doing some fun
all right okay here's the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
guys tomorrow somewhere nearby
you
