good morning guys before today's vlog
starts we have a very exciting
announcement as many of you know for the
past year I've been working on my debut
album us and I'm so happy to say that it
is now available for pre-order yes this
is like the craziest thing to finally
see it like actually happening and I do
sing on track number 9 which is kind of
cool and kind of scary and I'm like so
nervous for you guys to hear it but I'm
really excited I love it and Ollie makes
an appearance karma even makes an
appearance
this album means a lot to us we put a
lot of our heart and soul into it you
know the album contains a lot of
different stories that we've never told
you before
and you get to hear them in a brand new
way and pre-order is live right now so
go pre-order it I'm so bad at home this
is amazing and I'm just so excited so we
keep the order go pre-order now onto
today's Mac
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
with me
what's up Ollie hey we're gonna have
some fun today
hey who's on your shirt daddy
and what's his doggies name
Snoopy all right hop in the stroller
buddy
any fufu hey buddy that's right we are
hanging out today at Knott's Berry Farms
gonna have a blast there's rights that
the kids can ride right a lot of rides
that always simply can ride son come on
yay we're meeting up with the family now
we're gonna have a super fun day and
we're taking you with us let's go
so funny story we are going to Knott's
Berry Farms today and five years ago
today on this date we were here at
Knott's Berry Farms with Missy's whole
family yeah so crazy five years ago is
so long ago like we didn't have kids we
were babies you probably weren't even
really thinking about kids yet my crazy
nuts I'm gonna put a picture on the
screen and just look at how like
baby-faced we are like it's crazy got a
huge giant beard like Santa claw and
we're all meeting up again today the
same people - hey it's CJ and Bailey
Bailey who's over there Bailey what's
her name
peppermint Patty's here come on Holly
all he's afraid but look it's peppermint
patty haha
cute I've never seen her here we have
arrived
Knott's Berry Farms who's over there
Allie ah let's go see him we have heard
that Snoopy is at Camp Snoopy so we're
headed there now
whoa that looks so fun holy cow that
scared me are you gonna go on that no
but not on that line there's Snoopy up
there look who it is look who it is yes
Snoopy
oh that's a big Snoopy huh
oh you giving them a hug all right let's
go find him for real come on hey can you
give Snoopy a high-five
oh hi Snoopy okay this little guy wanted
to say hi to he said nice to me too
look who's over here buddy look in the
window it's Charlie Brown who is that
air mail you guys ready yeah sorry thing
you weren't tall enough such as the life
of a baby
how was it ollie was that fun dude
you're on a giant chair
oli is now on a little airplane ride
there's Bailey and there's ollie
look at me and how to give me me a big
ol hug did you get a date
yeah like now I want me me sorry
always just getting off this ride I'll
he what happen are you stuck are you
trapped
he literally can't get out no what's
wrong with it save me
did you get the best fried are you like
I don't need no rides like that he's got
this one yeah look at those big balloons
you gonna go right on that with Mama
it's a Charlie Brown balloon now LEM is
here going on these big old hot
everyone's there's a Charlie Brown one
two and Papa took Finn I don't know how
he's gonna do this but the balloons are
taking off
they're a whopping two feet off the
ground
it's Olivia and CJ
and papa bear
Holly what are we doing Charlie Brown
babe you love it
we're on a Rapid River run you ready
Olly you got your new little doggy that
auntie one for you that's pretty nice
and fit in the Sierra right there it's
the cute
you ready Olly we're moving Holly we're
moving oh yeah oh my god I cannot
believe my one you're all this on this
ride right now all you okay this is a
big head ride this is a big head ride we
are really picking up speed here ladies
and gentlemen so that was kind of a big
kid ride like right he was terrible hi
did you see him typical fearfully
anybody's gonna shock did
oh my my
all right we are going on Montezuma's
Revenge I think they spelled Montezuma
wrong how the lines are so long so
frustrating how long these lines are
we going on that one more peg now Oh
this was your favorite ride as a kid
that was crazy of much jobs we have now
found an ancient Mayan civilization of a
ride called the Jaguar this is five whoa
it's like Indiana Jones babe are you
sure we're allowed to be here
whoa look at that that's cool
all right you guys here at Knott's Berry
Farms they do these things called
old-time photos you guys may actually
may have some of your own families I
don't think I've ever done this I may
have done this with my mom and stepdad
in Idaho I think we're gonna do it now
with all the boys you take some old-time
photos it actually smells old-time in
here look at this cool little set they
have all set up too so you actually get
to pick your outfit and everything - Oh
wardrobe that's so cool that's so cool
Ellie we're gonna dress up okay give me
fun and yes we got going Jenny
intimating have a bite you just share
with me thank you
all right we just finished all our
old-fashioned portraits guys look at
that look at all he's like ready for
battle KitKat's and that awesome there
well now we can say we've done
old-fashioned photos oh yeah then we
have a family oh oh a feather
he was eating the feather yeah honey
we're like in front of the Christmas
tree babe you can put that in the
Christmas card he was he really scare
that with that hair did you get that
whole I look like a serial killer I was
angels try to have a straight face I
think they caught me happy
yeah I look like I like like that that
that picture that people post after
somebody goes on a mass shooting I was a
completely normal guy and then you see
the picture look what you find in yeah
wow that's so cool it makes a funny
noise all right we just left nuts Berry
Farms this little baby had so much fun
Holly do you have so much fun what you
get today oh it's so cool and does it
pop let me hear is that annoying while
he's on your back oh and he's wearing
your flannel because it's cold that's so
cute yeah we had such a blast hanging
out at Knott's Berry Farms today and so
funny that we were doing the exact same
thing
exactly five years ago today - before we
were even blogging you guys I think
stuff like that's really cool but for
now I think we're just gonna go get some
dinner and then head home but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up thumbs up
Polly say subscribe go pre-order my new
album on iTunes links are down below in
the description thank you guys for all
the support we will see you manana
Hollywood he say
you
you
