by the way while we were at lunch I
googled how to say check please in
French and I said that if we see Buble
which is exactly how it's pronounced and
he went and the waiter looked at me
let's say well huh what what you say you
have the text wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe all since that big
whoa
over every
with me
my god
Bonjour and good morning everybody Holly
what are we doing today
we go sheep Oh we're gonna go seatbelt
and the beasts right today we're
actually going to Paris we are at the
train station we're gonna get on a train
and guess what Ollie this train goes
under the ocean isn't that cool also we
are right next to Kings Cross where
Harry boarded for Hogwarts right over
there Missy's probably had enough of
Hogwarts and Harry for the time being
yeah but this is st. Pancras
International train station we are
waiting to board
hey Ali what are we doing
we're on a train and we're going so fast
Tom
and you're happy you got food
please pay to go to Paris you got your
dragons
just got off our train and now we are in
where we're in Paris it varies a lot
colder that we thought it is go to the
London no captain : is not here he's in
Alabama
Charlie Justin's called there though huh
yeah he really wants to see you :
we just made it to Paris and now I think
we're taking a transport to the city
yeah let's do this so we are on a bus
right now I'm paralyzed oh really
the real little butter zone Time Machine
I just answer the other criminals Wow
muscle tercius well when the real
illusions belts are still working yeah
I'll fix it up one of these unites
favorite movies we watch a long time
we are off the bus we just saw a bunch
of the city absolutely beautiful really
cool and amazing I feel like we really
enjoy the history part and you can't
read anything yeah that's really
different you can't read anything we are
actually right now walking beside the
beautiful and famous Eiffel Tower look
at this baby
not crazy it's a lot bigger than the one
they have in Vegas
Oh
what do you think Finn he's just bobbing
along for the ride and this one fell
asleep in the bus he wasn't really
fancying the history part but seriously
- tower that's amazing
we are now walking under the Eiffel
Tower and I just have to say the sheer
sight can't even capture that I think on
the camera it's just massive but
completely insane
just got some euros out of this ATM oh
look at that
what is that what does that monopoly
money yeah that is interesting looking
is he okay
I got play money look how colorful it is
oh yeah look up like why they are to 120
years yeah we are headed up upwards
aplia yeah these angular elevator a
little weird
we are on the second floor of the Eiffel
Tower look at how much taller that is
check out this view you guys
Paris baby
so it's interesting about the city of
Paris is they don't let their buildings
go too high like 37 meters seven floors
basically the buildings can only be
seven floors and there are a couple
exceptions but like out there there big
city is like that's actually outside of
Paris Paris is very small like two like
skyscrapers one of them being the Eiffel
Tower oh yeah all you want to see go
look
look how far up we are know how we fly
on planes sometimes when we're way up in
the air well right now we're on the
Eiffel Tower look up look up there oh
not cool all the way up there this this
is called the Eiffel Tower ollie
they do they have lots of telescopes you
want to run around it can turn around
Oh
only what you get is that a kinder egg
oh yeah the best mama in the world huh
yeah he got a kinder egg and we got some
French macaroons you guys look at this
one you guys it actually has gold on it
it's a Jasmine one I look interesting
yeah and we got a chocolate one
okay you try babe how many things the
gold one you like it probably goes back
up another head you can't go wrong with
chocolate what I'm gonna eat the one
with gold on it now cuz that's what we
do in France you eat God okay yeah first
my father comes a little florally and
then approves
we stopped at this little French
restaurant before heading back to the
bus and got some food the boys are
eating pancakes you know those are
called here alley
they're called crepes yeah the yummy
their pancakes is like just making sure
their pancakes just finished lunch and
now we are walking along the river sent
by the way while we're at lunch I
googled how to say check please
in French and I said but if we see Buble
which is exactly how it's pronounced and
he went and the waiter looked at me what
hey we're huh
what what is that he's it you want the
check I was like come on I did so good
bet if we better please people play tell
me your friend is he butchering it or is
he doing it right better peace evil plan
he like practice didn't listen to it and
then he said it and like I was like made
me feel stupid it's really funny we all
up hey he doesn't want to touch this one
jump
last stop in France is the Louvre Museum
I did one of the most famous museums in
the world
they have how many pieces of work I
think it's like 35,000 35,000 pieces of
work the most famous one being the Mona
Lisa which is like the most famous
painting in the world but just being in
this area is incredible hey you want to
go see some cool old art it turns out
we're actually in a mall right now but
this is the inverted pyramid that
actually goes up to the other outside
area see all the birds and stuff flying
and it comes all the way down yeah oh my
gosh look what's here Apple Store Paris
Apple store it's probably like all the
other Apple stores I don't need to go in
there
this is seriously amazing though you
guys I'm always trying to climb it
let's not climb at a buddy check it out
Ollie this is actually the pyramid so
this is the one that's on the outside up
there look at that
you want to see some Roman sculptures
babe
I'll give you Roman sculptures
that's big
the designers of the Lu didn't take
strollers into account the travel
finished sleeping so I'm carrying him up
all the flights of stairs
so not only are a lot of the pieces of
work in this place amazing but the place
itself I mean the architectures insane
this this was a palace so literally I
just looked up and look at this this is
incredible
are you looking up not cool there's a
snake up there yeah there is
holy cow that's an extremely large
painting
and after all that searching we have
finally found miss Mona Lisa there she
is
they're not kind of crazy seeing it in
real life I mean everyone's seen this
painting everyone and then you see it in
real life supposedly never know it could
be a copy they just hid behind a glass
um I don't know how this happened you
just cook through like a secret door and
now we're in this super dark room and
there's jewels everywhere
dang be quite giving us away seriously
this is nuts
look at that that one diamond right
there 21,000 carats that's crazy
look at that necklace
and we are back home well to the hotel
at least huh yeah that was a long day
wasn't it yeah yeah we just had showers
and we're all clean look at you and your
cool Christmas pajamas hey what did we
not do today Olli
what we did not find Fred did we yeah do
you think he's here in the hotel now
yeah we should go look for him what's my
game he was what I didn't even see how I
was making breakfast or making dinner
and I didn't even see him ah he eating
your candy yeah he's gonna owe over his
face yeah what that silly Fred yeah he
took one of your kinder eggs he took one
of your kinder eggs and he gobbled it
all up and the evidence is all over him
isn't it yeah yesterday he was trying to
steal it today he did I will hurt that
okay I think he'll let you open it but
grab it really carefully k good job you
got it Jerri
yeah now you got a toy Fred did all the
hard work for you I guess huh open the
egg what a long day I can't believe we
spent the day in Paris it was pretty
amazing to get to spend the day in Paris
I can't believe how much we did today it
was like a lot in one day we're so tired
yeah I get every day you've been here
we've ended really early and we got into
bed yeah tomorrow I think we're gonna be
slowly been in but we still have a lot
of fun planned for London so much to do
still Olli but I think I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog if you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up and if you pre-ordered my album us on
iTunes you'll be happy to find that
another instant grat track has been
added which means you can now listen to
three songs off the album so go preorder
it those three songs are available right
away if you are too pre-ordered it
should be added to it and I can't wait
to hear what you guys think of the new
song anyway hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you never share your
thumbs up we'll see you manana jumping
on the bed jumping on the bed
alright Olli what do you say
you
