hey Olli guess what these are not called
french fries here
they're called chips those aren't our
chips are they yeah that's way different
I know it's confusing wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
thank you
Oh
forever
II
good mornin Olie guess what we're in
London
yeah you look cozy in your ruff what oh
look he's like cut to the chase dad we
need to find fresh it's dad to Tobin you
think Fred's got toilet paper cuz he did
that last year I don't know Fred his
toilet paper what we'll see let's go see
if we can find him he's not holding
toilet paper what's he doing
I think he's drinking tea yeah he is
cozy and comfy just like you good
morning buddy you want some breakfast
all right we got lots of yummy food
mommy and daddy were able to eat an
amazing peaceful breakfast my kids are
up for the night so then at 3:00 a.m.
yeah I basically woke over at 2:30 all
he was doing clips in our bed Finn was
screaming and Missy looked at me she
said oh hey the kids are up so that's
what we were doing okay we got you
waffles buddy
here's syrup for you and you got waffles
and berries
you want some yummy berries Polly woke
up in a good mood this kid still
sleeping bar would be too
good morning Finn hi he's got his
berries and there's a waffle and he's
very happy this morning what do you
watch in Olli are they clowns comment
below if you guys know what this is but
I basically just turned on the TV and
selected the first thing I saw four kids
do you like this show yeah all right
we'll open your advent calendar okay
I think there's 19 days all right so
we're mostly ready for the day getting
ready to head out to st. Paul's
Cathedral but I wanted to update you
guys on the plug situation so this is
what has to go down basically there
don't win this so this is an adapter
this is a converter and then this is the
camera battery I had a pad I got
3:00 in the morning looks like oh my
gosh I need to plug that in or not gonna
have a battery for today so Jim actually
had some converters so this adapts it
from this wonky plug wonky to British
term I think to American and then this
converts the energy from 110 to 240 and
then I can plug it into here but I
actually just learned that this will
work on 240 but not a lot of things do
like our sound machine didn't work even
when we converted the power the fan that
Jim was using didn't work it's just so
crazy all the plugs are different it's
been definitely something to adjust you
but the hotel's been really nice they
have adopters and stuff it's just
converting the energy so we don't blow
things up hey y'all ready you look like
you're nice and cozy oh yeah look at
that - I mean already guys do this we
just came downstairs and what did we see
oh that cute little puppy she's sleeping
that's pearl oh it's so cute so this is
the courtyard of our hotel room
now as a big Christmas tree huh look uh
Paulie look at all these huge old
buildings look how beautiful that is you
guys so exciting huh Hollywood what does
he have is that man real or is he not
real he's not yeah called it
I think he's waxed doing the mannequin
we are walking down the streets of
London right now and you're headed to
the Cathedral where we're a st. Paul's
Cathedral where we can hopefully go
inside check it out see what it looks
like Princess Diana got married there
yes so this should be good all he's
looking very London today
how are you Warren good
this is just pointing up it do you need
to make a phone call I do for a picture
yeah
this is st. Paul's Cathedral
we're gonna go in and check it out huh
Elsa it's pretty cool huh Ali
that one has a trident Ali look at this
one has a bow and arrow
all righty we just got out of st. Paul's
Cathedral and wow that was amazing huh
hey Olli what lives underneath the
cathedral dragons yes we told all you
that there are dragons underneath to
make the building super interesting to
him so that we could like explore a lot
of really amazing things in the
cathedral I was really really cool to
see but now we're gonna go ahead to get
some lunch okay
it is 12 o'clock lunch time where's
Vinnie
where's Vinnie he's really serious about
us peekaboo oh wow that was 30 seconds
oh this is extreme peekaboo happening
over here
hey all I guess what these are not
called french fries here they're called
chips those aren't our chips are they
yeah that's way different I know it's
confusing all right we are doing more
exploring Scott on a lunch and we are
headed over to see Shrek hey Ally what
are we gonna do when we go see Shrek
you're not gonna be scared we're on a
cool bus ride Kay yeah so here's the
thing about getting around London we
have to get to Shrek's Adventure it's a
25 minute drive and a 33 minute walk so
we're basically just walking everywhere
it kind of makes it fun or to get to see
a lot more but we're headed over there
twitter london eyes
so this is the London Eye and we're
actually going to be riding on this
another day but Shrek is right near look
how huge that thing is it's always
moving even though it doesn't look like
it's moving
I don't know I'm convinced it's not
moving is it stopped are you sure oh my
gosh look there's Big Ben that's crazy
first time we've seen Big Ben all you
see Big Ben the big old clock
look at that it's donkey we have made it
to Shrek's adventure so we are now at
DreamWorks to our London and guess what
they have your favorite dragons from how
how to train your dragon and they also
have Shrek and Donkey you want what a
sword well we'll see if we can get you
one okay excited to meet Shrek and
Donkey oh you want a sword I think he
wants a security
Holly we made it get my high five yeah
by track you love Shrek
yeah that was so fun huh Hey look
there's some other fun people here you
want to go say hey go ahead go get my
five B's friendly
yeah hop in buddy you're flying whoa you
guys all he's holding that hippo up
you're so strong buddy
who do you happen Phinney found himself
a little baby shrek ah
Ollie what'd you find dragon what else
ollie a sword he's been wanting sword
this little time right kiddo is just
want to serve another one all right we
just got out of strikes adventure London
and Ollie had such a blast it's crazy
standing right here on this river and
just looking at this view it's like it's
fake Big Ben is seriously big you guys
it's crazy it looks really small on
camera but it's like it's way bigger
than this just saying all right you guys
it is now time for tea at Trafalgar
Square I pronounced it traffic are in
the black cab and she made fun of me I'm
drinking an Earl Grey white with sugar
and it's delicious
this is Trafalgar Square so they have
big old Christmas tree up and I believe
there is Christmas carolers about four
o'clock and look at the sky right now
you guys our vlog isn't even up yet
still missing yeah it's just crazy that
you guys are currently walking like two
days ago
yeah the time zone is kind of nothing
thumbs up this video if you guys know
what this is
guess what time it is time to open your
kinder egg okay open up the big one yeah
you get to choose one okay that one all
right
ooh you're a professional ollie and you
take that side off I'll take it crack it
open or bite it open me go Finn you can
have a little piece of chocolate
this chocolates really good by the way
all right open up the little surprise
see what you got what is it your help
yeah
oh it's like a bunch of different pieces
you got to put them together you want to
see yeah I'll check this out there like
little dragon tops and I think you spin
them like on a table all right put this
little thing together it definitely is
like a little spinny top top is right
here and then you put this in there and
then you hold this and go like that and
it spins see Ollie
that was a pretty bad spin no let's try
again one two whoa look at it go
hey Ollie do like the chocolate or the
toy more yeah I figured all right we are
eating dinner and I am so excited about
this this for all you American folk is
sticky toffee pudding and it's not
pudding at all its cake with like some
sticky sauce all over it it's delicious
they actually serve this to me on the
airplane coming here and I was so
astounded at how amazing it was but it's
cake do do English people call pudding
cake I don't know you don't know buggies
carts cake pudding if you're English let
me know why is this called pudding when
it is in fact cake I don't know but uh
it's amazing and I was on the menu
and so I ordered it and I'm gonna eat it
right now Ollie you look so comfy in
your robe you like it oh hell did you
have fun in London yeah we got more
we're doing more fun things tomorrow
we're doing something Harry Potter
related
see olives excited Missy not so much not
really my thing
before I end today's vlog I want to let
you guys know that if you pre-ordered my
new album on iTunes that you guys will
all be getting a very special surprise
on Friday or Thursday night actually so
if you have not pre-ordered the album
please go check it out link down below
in the description cuz you'll be getting
a special surprise on Friday
thank you guys so much for watching
today's vlog hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give a thumbs up thumbs
up and subscribe leave some comments and
we'll see you manana Ollie what do you
say
