I just saw Santa Claus as I was going to
the restroom
we're staying in the same hotel what are
you doing with your face he's very like
you did wherever you are that's where I
wanna be
just wanna
Oh
forever you're with me
good morning guys we are on our airplane
and I cannot find Olli anywhere
where's Olli oh there he is hi buddy
so we've never flown like this before
but we're really excited huh
yeah we're gonna sleep the whole flight
but look at his own little personal
space here dude you're so lucky yeah hey
did you know in the old days you said
take them a month by boat to get to
England it's gonna take us ten hours
that's nothing
yeah let's do it we're all getting
situated and look at this this is
actually genius so Missy has a seat here
and then what's behind you once we're up
in the air he'll take this out and put a
bathroom that hairpins
that's amazing the future yes b-but
really want me yeah and we got a long
flight ahead of us hi buddy
you gotta stay hydrated right Jim yes
what is that just pull out your your TV
horrible fighting I know right as he
pulls out his TV all right we have taken
off and look at all he is situated they
made his bed for him
this kid is living the dream right now
he's watching Nemo and there's bet
that's too big for him
good morning how are you doing buddy and
you're eating your cereal you got fruit
- good morning guys we just woke up
we're about an hour and a half away from
people and we're getting excited we I
think we all finally I ended up getting
a really
she's eating breakfast with her dad spin
asleep yeah let's keep him asleep it was
like on and off all night just crazy how
we're all get situated getting ready to
land all right you guys we have made it
to London haven't we all eat yeah yeah
we're gonna go see real dinosaurs on
this trip yes for sure Finn is arrived
and he is safe and sound we're still in
the airport the first thing I did though
was by some Kinder Surprise eggs for
Olly
this has 7 oven in there do you know
this is only it's a surprise egg these
are actually banned in the United States
so when I saw this I was like oh we have
to get this we're gonna open it when we
get to the hotel okay okay let's go I
think we all like hotels right look at
Holly right now this is how you travel
right babe yeah oh oh and you got a
little cover too yeah wrap it around you
Holly
all our coats are in the luggage we're
going outside it's called a couple ubers
and they're gonna take us to the hotel
just miniature I tell what you find
ollie a puppy doggy all right we have
made it to the hotel this is actually
Mimi and Papa's room and Mimi's here
what are you eating oli okay where'd you
get that wagon whoa they had a
gingerbread cookie with your name on it
yeah well that was so nice along wasn't
it is that straight sugar it is you want
to eat it I don't think I want to eat it
Oh Holly will you do is there sugar
ah yeah sugar oh wow that's funny snow
sugar and look you got a little tree and
a candy cane that was nice huh I brought
the wrong child oh yeah I think they may
have gotten the name wrong cuz it's
Mindy and Oliver so we're that's your
new name your new name is Manny no a boy
on the plane thought that he was a girl
oh really like she's so sweet he's worth
dinosaurs
he's already chowing down at an Apple
he's very happy we are very happy to
finally be at the hotel this is Mimi and
Papa's room though and then ours is
connected so I'm gonna show it to your
second OCI room now yeah all you want to
see what you're gonna be staying come on
let's go come on then let's go let's go
see him let's go see your room all
righty
how do you open Oh big comfy cow what
yeah
oh my goodness and he brought the oven
Colin oh my gosh I I was wondering about
those I thought we lost them I was so
bummed dogs like I guess we're not doing
advent calendar but I totally forgot to
bring them that is so cool Fred he
outdid himself chalkboard says you made
it I bet he's been waiting forever cuz
with magic
like that I know seriously though as in
this Christmas tree cue Ollie you liked
it so Missy grabs the advent calendar
ball I want to show you guys our room
this is when you come in we have this
big open living room area which is
really nice because we're gonna have a
crib out here all he's gonna sleep in
there and then it goes into our room
which is so amazing I feel so good to be
here and then we have a nice little
vanity set up for Missy and so much
closet space you guys I don't think
we've ever stayed in a hotel with so
much closet space and look by the way
look at this little robe for Oliver okie
to set that the lights are all LED so
it's probably like flickering on the
camera I just kind of annoying more
closet space here and we go down here
look at this look at all these mirrors
another entrance and then a bathroom
double sinks toilet oh look at these
spit cups I'm gay cute oh this is such a
nice bathroom either
oh cool tub though that'll be so nice
for the boys and then a big ol shower as
well this is so nice you guys they
hooked us up with a really amazing room
alright what's the number twenty days
until Christmas twenty days till
Christmas Ollie
okay you hear something in there yeah
we'll open it up ooh a little note and
you got a piece of chocolate oh my god
you got yummy chocolate and what's the
note say no says give a hug to someone
you love who you want a hug Oh gonna hug
me me go get me me a big hug just cuz
our hotel has really cool decorations
and it's all done up for Christmas we'll
go see the Christmas tree out front ke a
look at lay of the Christmas tree out we
are walking to a dinner look at all
these Christmas trees and here is London
you guys very busy very cold through the
revolving doors look at the Rama door oh
my gosh hurry hurry David dinner
see what dinner go alright you guys
dinner is served
checked out I got fish and chip and
what's that green stuff under there
that's mushy peas I don't know I'm going
with it all they got fish and chips too
we got steak cheese yeah I always say
from Big Lots really really yummy food I
kid you not I just saw Santa Claus as I
was going to the restroom
we're staying in the same hotel what are
you doing with their face piece of Aries
like you did I told you this ollie
there's Santa Claus where the same hotel
maybe we'll see him okay
I showed today that I'm really looking
forward to gonna be asking for biscuits
and great that's really fun yeah
bonus where's the Krispy Kreme
right there there's a Krispy Kreme right
there so we're pretty happy we have
Christmas outlets you guys think then
I'll try these mushy peas come on try
the mushy peas
he's you know what that rarely happens
honestly that is a testament to the
mushy peas right there Holly look at
that bus it's a double-decker bus not
cool we are now walking to get doughnuts
are we going the wrong way
oh we're might be lost
let's close ah poop all right
I hate me there goes our doughnuts check
this out you guys we just got back from
dinner and they unpacked our suitcases
for us they put all of my shirts all of
my pants jackets all of Missy's stuff
like everything we literally have never
stayed in a place that does something
like that they put all my gloves and
mittens over here all these jackets she
came in and she did say that we are very
very prepared for the snow because you
guys have been telling us how cold it is
here then we're here we literally were
walking down out stairs like 40 degrees
it's not super cold but at least we're
prepared especially for like long days
oh hi mr. Finn ah really are you
enjoying yourself came in after dinner
and he actually started eating another
Apple this kid can't eat hold on this
cute little bear they put in there here
you want to bear look at that that's
cute okay bye
are you so excited so when we were at
the airport we picked up one of these it
has seven Kinder Surprise eggs which are
illegal in the United States because
they have a toy inside of food it's a
really stupid lock but Ollie is so
excited cuz he's never opened one of
these before and you can't even get them
in the United States yeah so let's open
it like that open it up and then whoa
kinder surprise you want to open that
one I told Ollie that he can have one a
day Kinder Surprise eggs so it's a
chocolate egg right and then you open it
he knows how to do it look have you
watched these online on YouTube yeah the
8 is dinner right so you can see
chocolate is heating all the chocolate
off of the little thing is it like a
wafer yeah it looks like it's like a
chocolate-covered wafer is it yummy
actually I think it's a white chocolate
oh really I want to try can I try let me
eat some of it mmm who's really Club is
it white chocolate yeah I think so okay
look at there's that
would you would you get who'd you get a
squirrel all heat it's got a little
stand even that's so cool you got a
little squirrel this is what came in all
these little chocolate gets a little
squirrel it's cute yeah you like that
ollie that's almost as cool is open in
the advent calendar huh well we can open
another one tomorrow okay okay we'll get
to see all the little what's in all the
little eggs but anyway you guys we're in
London we had a really fun first day
well there's like a quarter of a day but
we have lots of really amazing fun
things planned so I hope you guys loved
these videos and can check it out with
us if you guys are not subscribed to our
channel subscribe now down there
somewhere thumbs up if you guys enjoyed
today's video thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you manana Ally what
do you say
you
