this one's yours this one's spin I need
you to hold on to these very tight
you're in charge of them okay okay Oh
Finn you can't are you gonna be
responsible and hold on to your passport
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
sauceman's that big
Oh
good morning boys how'd you sleep last
night
good how'd you sleep Finn he's like that
mama how'd you sleep last night babe
really good United state very much yeah
we were up all last night packing we are
still packing ladies and gentlemen look
at all these suitcases of boxes carry on
dirty laundry clean laundry it's been
quite crazy trying to pack for a very
long trip to another country no Finn
those are for the airplane busy Finn's
breaking into these muffins we're gonna
we're gonna hang onto these okay yes we
have snacks oatmeal muffins these are
all the boys favorites food so they're
happy because we don't know what kind of
food they had have in England do you
think you'll try British food babe I
didn't heal - Oh Finn I love it that one
I don't know about that one no I am well
Olli we're about to go on a very long
trip do you think that your elf will
follow us we should try and find him
this morning have you found him where
was he yesterday he was outside in the
chicken poop right yeah well let's go
find him this morning okay okay
oh sure this little kid up he's angry he
gets grumpy in the morning by the way
missing I made this bed and I don't know
about other parents but whenever we try
to make the bed the kids just like flock
to it constantly let me know if that's
how you're gay all right let's go find
Fred I don't know what do you think he
is you think he's in here I don't Ollie
I don't like he's in here
do you think he's over here maybe over
here somewhere oh yeah maybe he's in
there anything no what about over here
yes do you what did he do
Ollie when you find Fred you're so
stinkin cute
so here's Fred and Buddy they're hanging
out the sign says bon voyage and then
guess what that is all
that's the flag of England where we're
going
it looks like fred is in his very dapper
outfit and I believe this is a suitcase
that he's got all his things packed
do you think he's gonna come with us oh
my goodness you want to take him with
you
well we'll have to see if he can get on
the flight himself he's got to buy
himself a tick hey he's got to check his
bags
that's his suitcase look it's got his
raincoat some shirts some boots and some
special packages - there might be can
knowing Fred there's probably candy in
there for sure all right say good luck
Fred hope to see you in England yeah
cause now you're tired huh yeah let's go
get some food buddy
good morning guys I've been busy all
morning trying to get the house in order
that's the hardest part about leaving is
like the packing is rough but it's
making sure that the house is ready for
someone to stay in it and obviously it's
all clean and dishes are done and
laundry's clean and the toilets are
clean and just really hard but I'm
almost done we're almost ready to go and
auntie's here to say goodbye and we're
going to open our advent calendar and
always says he wants auntie to do it
this time huh yeah gonna help me open it
yeah he's like i'ma help ya whew car was
like oh I didn't share me ever oh it was
like gonna have to split it get the
little hey hey what is this
I thought you were gonna give it to Andy
and I just gonna fight use it good
bigger bite good alright aunty what does
it say says tell daddy you love him oh
that's an easy one hey did you hear what
it said what is it how dad you love him
yeah okay go tell him go go go
Mike let's go Knights come you love me
oh I'm so nice of you
yeah that's what his Advent Calendar had
him do today
he just says tell daddy that I love you
okay all right good job all right since
it was auntie's Advent she has to call
super dad I called dad - he'll probably
love him hey no Papa is auntie and
mommy's daddy he's like that makes no
sense my friend - hello
Wow this has become very complicated for
something cute that I want to do and
then yeah when no one until they love it
forget it forget it
look who came back up it's mom's call
decline hey Dad I just want to tell you
that I love you oh oh okay I love you
dad not understand what's going on Jimmy
he was like come tell Dad you love him I
love you dad
all right I hit three down and three
million million all right that's all we
had to do for our advent calendar was
tell our dad that we love you love you
too bye
whoo task completed
okay so we are basically all packed for
London and now we're kind of just
relaxing a little bit and we are playing
some VR so if you guys don't know a
couple days ago Missy and I picked up a
VR because we've been wanting to do it
for so long and it's so much fun Jimmy's
playing right now he's playing an auto
mechanic
oh that's cool so this game is job
simulator it gives you four different
jobs that you can simulate and then a
task to do like one of the job and it's
like run by robots it's really cool he's
like actually like walking around in the
world right now and his headset sriracha
put the sriracha bottle in it it's
awesome
karma also got really freaked out last
night we were playing I remember
reaching down to turn on my computer
because I was in a cubicle and cover
like bit my hand cuz he's like what are
you doing because there's like lights on
it yeah it's pretty funny actually we're
riding the fall oh yeah throw it and
there's Ballmer so you kept going like
that he's like he throws are Oh karma
all this crazy technology ha buddy it's
cool too we can see what he's saying
you just put a flower on the car it
doesn't even compares wait
oh yeah it's much different what you see
oh it's auntie it's quite freaky when he
runs into the room and says there's a
guy here it's my bad guy oh gosh girl
bad guy it's roughly in an auntie
Ollie's show me your shark fin there's a
very big and deadly shark fin isn't it
hey all I guess what we're getting ready
so you got to say goodbye to someone yes
we also just say goodbye to uncle T okay
yeah
can you go give them hugs and kisses
okay okay go give them hugs and kisses
big hugs and kisses love you if only we
had a way to communicate face-to-face
through the palm of your hand
he needs to go to London we're gonna
love him you can't stay home you don't
want to come to my apartment oh that one
- that one - is coming with us only one
did you was play Final Fantasy on the
ps4 before we leave for London and
everyone just keeps hijacking it with VR
Nami C's got terilyn playing oh you guys
say bye to Uncle give him a big hug
tenten's house-sitting so she's probably
gonna be getting this the whole time all
right boys you got your bags all packed
this is your bag are you bringing your
spider-man costume yeah
very adamant he needed in his friend ran
awesome at one we're like okay I'm ganna
pack he's like no you did it mama
rabbit oh my gosh Oliver what else did
you pack guess what Ollie in London
we're gonna see real dinosaurs pinkie
wait uh it's actually a triceratops no
Charton I think they might have a few T
Rexes but it's gonna be a giant
triceratop it I know it is gonna be dead
though so it'll just be his boat all
right Allie
I have your passports this one's yours
this one's spin I need you to hold onto
these very tight you're in charge of
them okay okay Ben he's in charge of
your passport so if you lose those you
guys aren't going you're staying here
okay
okay do you want me just should I just
do it okay
I'll just keep a hold of all of our
passports you got all our passports guys
you got bags packed and we are getting
ready got outfits planned oh this is for
yep bedtime hope Finn you can't are you
gonna be responsible and hold on to your
passport back okay Finn seriously though
you probably should not lose our
passports 30 minutes before we leave for
Drive
what broke golly how did that happen
you're around like a maniac sorry buddy
I don't know if anything fixing that
it's so sad huh ollie guess what we're
about to leave what are you most excited
to do in London et toi yeah toys but
guess what everyone's gonna have a super
funny accent are you ready yeah and what
do you say when they have a funny accent
yes shaggy
yeah we've been telling him it's okay to
tell people you sound funny they're
gonna sound different than you but
that's okay okay cuz there's still cool
people here's the thing about lighting
you guys there's a very crazy time
difference been trying to figure it out
how we're gonna do it with the vlog
basically we've to end the vlog here
it's evening time and we have a car
coming to pick us up for the airport and
we are going to have a crazy travel
night so we're taking a red-eye so you
guys are gonna see all that in
tomorrow's vlog but the times are gonna
be weird so basically I have to end it
now I have to edit the vlog before we
leave for the airport and get it all
done and hopefully it just works itself
out are you excited for London yeah but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video give this video a thumbs up yay
thank you guys for watching we'll see
you manana Olli what do you say hey bon
voyage
you
