use waiting sleep freaks out okay we're
gonna leave now
that guy's Gary this is like no wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
big
Oh
every
with me
good morning boys how'd you sleep
good good well what are we gonna do this
morning we go places let's go find Fred
the elf and see what he's been up to it
was actually really quiet last night so
I'll be interesting to see where he is
huh good morning Finn good morning buddy
are you sure go look nothing see in the
kitchen no he's in the living room wait
what about over here ollie no I think
he's here where is he
you can't find him anywhere use your
binoculars Ollie see if you can find
Fred you can't find him
maybe he's not in the house oh maybe
he's somewhere else yeah well we'll
check later Kay good morning guys a
Missy is making breakfast what do we
need in order to make breakfast Oh Ollie
I'm missing eggs do you want to go see
the chickens have any eggs for me yeah
honey I want to make pancakes coz we're
so glad we can't find Fred huh I need
face wanna go with me buddy go ahead and
go sleeping face it makes me all right
you got your slippers on yes your feet
are one bird is cold out here Holly it's
early guys it's a little earlier than
usual hi chickens I'm gonna see if the
chickens have some eggs so that we can
eat some pancakes come on Holly look for
eggs let's look at this one see anything
no eggs
hi chicken say good morning okay let's
look at this one Oh why my friend it's a
quarter tank you found Fred yeah oh my
goodness look at Fred what do you think
he came out here to do
he got an egg oh and look it we have
eggs here - all right Ali let's grab
that egg very carefully do not touch
Fred okay you want me to get it sure
yeah you dig very carefully
Thank You Fred for getting that ink for
us all right here Lee take that to mama
now I will grab these ones
watch out Bri I got this
oh go get that egg to mama who found the
egg oli um say right sounds is a he's in
your chicken coop he's in the coop
the chickens are must attack them out
there do you think he's okay you'll
throw it I got choked by my own fake
eggs you guys those ones stay in there
let's see if there's an actual one in
here and look at the Hat there is that's
amazing these chickens are amazing
you you you it will you ill ill ill you
you you just keep my chickens but just
kidding this didn't come out of a
chicken spot but it's very very good for
you
all right Ally how are the pancakes good
you say thanks mama and who else do you
want to thank Fred did did lots of hard
work huh he got the egg oh yeah
Thank You Bree the chicken good morning
guys guess what today is it is packing
day and laundry day and cleaning day but
I am I've been packing and doing laundry
and I'm kind of at a standstill because
the power just went out all of the power
just went out completely out I have
stuff in the washer I have stuff in the
dryer I guess we'll just pack all the up
okay this is how you're gonna go to
London
and no I'm cost try in that you to freak
out oh hello we were just kidding haha
giving no jokes dude but anyways I stuff
in the washer and dryer right now and I
don't I don't know what happens when the
power goes off it just like stops
running like what about the what it feel
like sitting in the water I don't know
like kind of a sex used waiting sleep
freaks out okay we're gonna leave now
was that guys Gary this is like no this
kitty cat is trying to eat my doggy now
oh my gosh she is a wild cat you guys so
she hangs out a lot outside cuz she just
she's at kind of casa just literally
needs me outside but she comes in at
night stuff hi Zuri and she just
attacked karma like she was gonna eat
him but what she did do a not too long
ago like an hour two ago my chickens
were out
letting them roam around the yard a
little bit and she came back here which
she's never in the backyard which I
don't think she's ever gonna leave the
backyard now and she attacked Susan the
little one she got the little one cuz
you're a brat Marty why don't you go
attack the rooster see what happens then
that was really sad so now I have to
keep my chickens in unless Suri is
inside so that kind of sucks but Susan's
fine checking out Fred he's just hanging
out the chickens today huh he's probably
gonna get pooped on Fred do you think
about foot Oh Susan but Susan's fine no
office injuries and just gotta make sure
that the chickens are out as there is
out some kind of a bummer look at her
right now looking at my chickens
Zuri stay away from my chickens sorry
guys no that was a little traumatizing
probably especially for you huh what are
your ladies where were you though
I didn't see you going in saver Jimmy's
gonna check out how mean the rooster is
we can pick him up Jimmy's been attacked
by Iris before right you down any I just
jumped in grassman I remember that those
are rooster over a little yeah okay
you're okay you got it oh look at that
you're not too mean it's still a nice
rooster I'm sure you can defend yourself
against sorry huh
he's uh not to me right I'm gonna talk
to the camera
why did you know that always asleep is
he asleep
yeah he's sleeping right now are you
sleeping I wish she was awake I'm
oh he was awake we could go get candy
and ice cream oh well if he was awake
I'd ask him if he wants pancakes for
breakfast but he's asleep so did
you know that our son sleeps with a
smile on his face he's so happy when
he's late oh wait I think I saw his
eyeballs are you awake are you asleep
hey maybe he sleeps with one eye ah he's
awake hi buddy his eyes are still closed
though he's like sleep playing with his
toys Holly are you gonna ride this yeah
you've been so good while mommy and
daddy got some shopping done that you
know you're gonna ride huh my god it's a
doggy all right let's do this
I just walked up to Missy and this is
what she's got going on
all three hit and away they go
I actually just got back from the
restroom when I was talking to see how
annoyed I wasn't these things because
it's so busy because it's Christmas
shopping
I got pegged with like three on the way
to the restroom alone then they're
around in the corner ladies and
gentlemen and they're coming out of the
fast lane and they're coming home hi oh
okay
what do you think of that ollie was that
fun riding around on that stuffed animal
oh hey mr. Finnegan getting ready for
bed playing in Mama's backpack which got
back from a very long day of shopping or
the trip had to get the boys bunch of
green look her fell asleep before Finn
go back go back to your room go to your
room I really don't think he's faking it
guys although if he is he's a very good
actor I'll leave you asleep I think he's
actually asleep I'm gonna put him in his
bed
alright guys that's all for today's
video but I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give this a thumbs up and
be sure that you are subscribed to this
channel we put up new videos every
single day if you have not seen the new
video that is up on my music channel
I'll have a link down below definitely
gonna want to go check that out but
thank you guys for watching bye
