paulie's watching the vlog oh ok seize
him oh there he is running over to Fred
oh and you touched him oli oh I'm sure
it can't get much worse than that right
oh now he touches it even more wherever
you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
sauceless that big
I am
every
we need to find Fred good morning guys
we're on top secret mission we need to
find Fred he was over here yesterday
morning
where you see down let's go look I'll
follow you buddy Oh see him in here
buddy
Finn what do you think down so you can
look to find Fred Oh
go find your elf let's see where he is
you see him oh that's silly Fred what's
he doing yeah he is so it looks like you
guys Fred was trying to decorate with
some Christmas lights things may have
gotten a little out of hand he's just
hanging from the lights huh I'm not
gonna touch him oh look he wrote a note
it says hang in there
happy December because today's December
1st Oh Fred you're always getting in
some kind of trouble aren't you you want
to see him swing silly Fred alright well
we got to be good today cuz Fred's gonna
be hanging here and watching you all day
okay
good morning you guys just woke up with
the boys and I gotta get the boys ready
for breakfast
you want some choco milk and pancakes
are the demands on these kids in the
morning you guys alright I found this
pumpkin chocolate chip waffle mix that
we got from williams-sonoma about a week
ago so I'm gonna mix this up and see how
it is oh yeah you guys look how they
turn out
oh they look so good all right Finn is
getting antsy over here for some food
you want one of these
all right it tore it up for you buddy
what do you think he's so happy psych
food try it wha what you don't want to
I'm not sure if he likes the waffle so I
was gonna eat them which would be very
weird because he likes everything here
why don't you try taking a bite no all
right well in there for you to try
normally you put food in front of them
and he just consumes that completely
look at enough make two more how cool is
that I think - I'm gonna skip the syrup
on these and go with some actual fresh
homemade whipping cream
a thing of beauty fresh whipped cream
telling you guys it's awesome well you
guys I think Finn actually likes um he's
eating them yay
I am digging in now myself and it is
delicious all right so after we all ate
breakfast I was changing things diaper
and I noticed something happen on the
security camera and I'm gonna roll the
clip right here so you guys can see what
happened because I wasn't able to vlog
good morning guys we have a fun day plan
today but I came out here because I
wanted to see Fred where's Fred oh let's
go see I I thought he was hanging just
like right here what happened
let's read his message it says I can't
stay I'm hurt bad must see mrs. Claus
Fred he's heard why do you think he's
hurt Oliver Did you touch him huh you
did you touched him I saw you I didn't
see you actually he told me earlier this
morning that he accidentally touched
Fred huh
hmm looks like he had to go back and
he's hurt I hope he's okay did you say
sorry to Fred yeah Fred's not gonna be
able to watch over you today because
he's hurt so he has to go see mrs. Claus
and maybe we'll see him tomorrow I'm not
really sure I hope he's okay we can't
touch him or he gets hurt okay I'm sorry
you okay okay well I think we might go
see Santa later and you could talk to
him about it maybe he can give you an
update on Fred okay maybe just say I
accidentally talked touched Fred and he
disappeared you know if he's okay and
maybe he can let you know okay all right
yeah the magic went away he had to go
back so he can get all better there I am
changing Finn's diaper all he's watching
the vlog oh okay sees him oh there he is
running over to Fred oh and you touched
him oh no oh no you touched him again
see we're always watching this is like
Santa Cameron here
oh and he climbs up and touches them a
third time
am oli oh I'm sure it can't get much
worse than that right oh no he touches
it even more mmm oh then why are you
crying don't you know what we're about
to go do you don't even know oli tell
your brother what we're about to go do
we're gonna go see Santa so you better
be good filling up the car with some gas
and we are meeting a Missy and her mom
down at the mall to go see Santa Missy
had a hair appointment so she's been
down there and I've been working and
watching the boys and now they get to go
see Santa and I love this Santa because
it's the same Santa they see every
single year it's actually Santa you guys
the real Santa so the boys are very
excited although all he might have to
tell him what he did wrong this morning
dang babe bringing it for Santa look
like a mrs. Claus in the making what
Ollie you want a dinosaur for Christmas
do you want a skateboard do you want a
car to drive around in
he wants a dinosaur for Christmas now
Lindsey we went from asking for
realistic things to completely
unrealistic things we are all dressed up
we are going to meet Santa and get our
picture taken and even cities dressed up
yeah I like your bowtie dude does it
Bend look cute
all right we just got our photo with
Santa all you got to meet Santa again
huh I was like that's the third year in
a row huh so what did you tell him that
you wanted for Christmas this year
so he said I wanted teabags in civil you
want a small one
he's a big one and then he buddy going
at you mom as I said I did so after we
took the picture though we asked him if
he wanted this kid tell them what
happened to Fred today and they told him
what happened huh
I touched him and cancer first month
there's a plane and he will end report
back and every night huh he said he'll
be okay though and that he'll be back
he's gonna be back ollie yep he said
just don't touch him but sometimes they
get into a little bit of mischief and
they get your flower swing around on the
fan huh yeah meeting Santa went really
well and we got some really cute
pictures which I'll put right here and
right here
dorable right all right we are headed to
the Disney Store so that we can get a
2016 ornament for Disney okay all right
run frolic go crazy
we have not seen the new Moana movie but
it looks really cool because it's Disney
and Hawaii he wants that for Christmas
that is not a giant t-rex Ollie what are
you doing yeah that's exactly what
happened
Ollie was playing on the fountain and
literally Mimi's worth worth what's the
worst like it happened it's all I ever
liked it wasn't it happened with me
could get wet he fell it and not even
just hope it's not Bonnie what under
completely under my gosh here we are
having such a great day and he I mean we
were watching he walked around it like
super time I'm like I should probably
grab him now and that's literally when
he fell - pigs completely fell it
resulted as you said you have to be
careful though and he looked after you
hit nothing like whatever his heater -
it well any I mean not even just like I
mean I think always be just like how
freaking deep is this fountain I'm sorry
buddy yep all the way in huh you want to
go home and drink some hot chocolate and
sit by the fire yeah I think we need to
do that yard house literally just came
out because they saw him and got him
some warm chocolate milk he said thank
you for the show oh that was so nice of
them huh drink you're hot you're hot
chocolate K yeah that was nice and Bambi
how's that
if you want to sit by the fire oh there
is a fire yeah let's go sit by the fire
actually this is what this boy needs
right now it's okay you know you feel it
buddy yeah I think we're still just so
completely shocked about what just what
happened but I keep looking around
looking for cameras that could have
possibly caught it and there's one right
up here on the top of Lululemon we're at
Temecula promenade hi I want that
footage I seem to be so funny but I
before ollie even I feel like he would
love it it's so funny it's so bad he
wouldn't comply I thought okay I'm
falling in I thought he's just gonna
land on his feet but he went and I am
sure that this camera right here caught
the entire thing it's not like he's
gonna be like yeah it's cold but it's
not like I I do this no guys okay you're
gonna do a cool trick right oh very cool
hey all I guess what we haven't opened
the advent calendar you want to go open
it okay so I have to explain a couple
things I think there's been a little bit
of a confusion about the advent calendar
we do like to countdown so we're
counting down from 25 24 and going down
and then on the Christmas Eve we'll open
one the number one because it'll be one
day till Christmas we just count down to
Christmas
number two Brian did open the one a
little bit early because I set it up so
that we were going to open up 25
yesterday and then technically we'd be
opening 24 today today we're gonna open
up 25 and then tomorrow we'll open 23
and get back on track so Nate and if you
guys don't know I actually made this
advent calendar will not like the bulbs
but I put what's in him in there and I
kind of made it more like a giving
system as well he still gets a little
piece of candy but it will give him a
little task to do that day to kind of
give back or just kind of learn to share
or care about other people and if you
guys want to watch that on my channel
because I actually did it on my channel
for you guys to see how I did it and you
can check out the link down below and
watch my video
about the chocolate it says draw a
picture for Finn do you think you
couldn't do that you can draw a picture
for Finn okay let's draw a picture of
Finn's in the morning he can see it
that's so nice
yeah okay go get started is that
chocolate good I love you only what do
you have in your room a cutie a
Christmas tree it's so pretty isn't it
yeah it's got all our favorite Disney
characters huh okay so it has lots of
characters which one is your favorite
though Buzz Lightyear obviously huh all
right you guys that is all for today's
blogging vlog but we had such a good day
didn't we yeah yeah despite falling in
the fountain huh yeah that was quite
funny by the way are you okay yeah I
love you thank you hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe leave a
comment and we will see you manana
oh go pre-order my new album it's now on
iTunes so please go pre-order it it's
gonna be out on my birthday in January
I'm so excited and I hope you guys are
too we'll see you manana Ally what do
you say bye
