wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
I am
very
oh good morning guys
hope you guys are all well this morning
Ollie and I are feeling so much better
huh yeah he has two hiccups right now
though hey Ollie what are we gonna go do
soon gonna go see your friend Jackson
and where does he live Utah yes he's
been talking about going to see Jackson
all morning you guys he is so excited
and we are so excited to see them too
very very soon huh the hiccups are
hurting you yeah those dang hiccups I
hate that huh yeah all right well Ollie
and I are going to go get some food you
wanna go get some food yeah mm-hmm let's
go all right mr. Oliver I got you a
lemonade there you go
Lee you're welcome that should help with
your hiccups okay
take a drink is that better yeah
Ollie I also got you your favorite
pancakes yay pancakes all he loves
McDonald's pancakes you guys yummy hot
cake huh how's that that's a pretty good
hiccup here right there huh I like your
socks by the way Fanny Fanny Fanny fufu
I'm coming for you what are you doing
with your backpack on ha are you going
to school are you saying Utah you really
want to go to Utah huh well maybe soon
okay Holly I was I didn't know you that
Jackson with the Utah so I read in
Finn's room recently and I realize
that we haven't measured the boys in
like ten months so we're gonna measure
right now and I feel really bad so we
need to update it now come on you first
dude yeah come on take your backpack off
this is how tall you were uh when you're
a two and a half yeah so now you're just
gonna oh my god here and look straight
ahead right like that that is crazy babe
okay there you go
you're this tall look how much you've
grown Oliver Wow so how old are you
right now three and nine months all
right Oliver is a little over three feet
tall and we measured you and you were
three months old and you were all the
ways on here
now we're gonna measure you again oh you
cannot draw on it Wow
oh my gosh you've grown so much dude
he's right at a little more than two
feet and so Finn this was Oliver at 13
months and this is Finn at 12 months
crazy do you think he'll be there I
don't think so I think he's definitely
shorter you're putting in your sorry
little brother now it's yours dawn my
turn I think I pass up the measuring
stick ollie
mama probably doesn't know probably
measure mama uh-huh yeah do you measure
you all right here we go sit up nice and
straight heels all the way to the wall
and we're gonna put you right there oh
my gosh
I'm literally just a little more than
five feet tall yeah if you boys could
just stop growing that'd be great
okay Olli what are you doing uh-oh
toddler trapped right I did not tell him
to say that you guys how do you know you
trapped in a water park
yeah have you watched that video yeah I
tapped a full one ha you want to go to
water park and get trapped holy you were
singing along that was awesome yeah he's
actually like learning it you like the
piano yeah you're playing again yeah
okay go for it okay - praying mantis you
guys I'm just about to get in the car to
drop off my ballot and the praying
mantis came out because he's praying for
our country Oh Finn is over here eatin
some lunch and actually funny story so
if you guys don't know we're trying a
little something a little bit different
lately basically not giving all day any
more options on food and just giving him
what we're all eating and today we're
having corn dogs which is a very simple
meal it's not disgusting at all it's not
even it's not even close to probably
even being healthy it's just another
type of food he's just very limited on
his snacks which is honest food really
which is very normal for toddlers but
I'm really trying to break him of it
right now and so I gave him
corndogs some oranges and some cheese or
string cheese and he requested that he
just wanted a little bit of cereal on
his so I gave him some cereal and here's
the thing he threw away the string
cheese he didn't eat any of these and
his brother is on his second corn dog
and now Finn is eating always corn dog
all I didn't eat any of it ah he's so
good with breakfast which is nice like
he'll eat almost anything like oatmeal
and toast and the in pancakes and
waffles things like that like he's
pretty good on breakfast but lunch and
dinner is just so hard and so I'm just
really really trying to stick to it so
Finn is basically eaten always lunch now
and all he is outside playing in the
bushes it is on these I just gotta keep
showing you all the different kinds of
foods and not letting you say no okay I
feel like you learn a lot from your
first you are not going to any lunch why
why are you hungry
no all right Finn's gonna eat your lunch
then k no do you want it yeah okay Finn
hang on here you go this is yours yeah
take a bite take some part of the cereal
do you want to take a bite of your
corndog why why it's so yummy Finn loves
it he's our eat one and a half so no on
the corndog hidden nothing else okay
you'll have to wait and see what's for
dinner k cereal alright I think we're
gonna be all done with the cereal too
yes that's right you guys I voted so
this is actually the second election
that I was voting in the first one was
when actually turned 18 in 2008 and this
time was really easy because I had the
ballot mailed to me and I was able to
fill it all out at home and then just
drop it off at the polling station so it
was actually super fast and easy and I
got a handy dinner I voted sticker cuz
when you vote you have to take a selfie
with it that's just how it goes I don't
have a whole lot to say on the election
I will say it's been crazy and
definitely something that you know our
kids are going to be asking about in the
future I think when they learn about all
this but I mean history is being made
and I think that's an amazing thing
every time there's an election history
is being made and I think it's something
really cool that you kind of have a say
in so that's what I did today I made my
voice count and um I'll see what happens
tonight who knows I am making pumpkin
gnocchi for dinner that's on yummy
that's right you guys I am making a
pumpkin gnocchi that actually found on
people food and it's five ingredients
it's ricotta cheese pumpkin flour butter
and sage so I'm actually really excited
for this cuz as you know we love and
yoky and I love pumpkin so I basically
just mixed up my pumpkin puree and my
ricotta cheese and this smells amazing
and it looks amazing and then I'm just
gonna add some flour oops just got flour
everywhere sorry okay then sounds good
tune in son good to you he'll eat it and
he'll love it yeah so basically I just
mix all that together mix the flour in
it and then I'm gonna let it chill in
the fridge for like an hour we'll see
how it turns out why are you crying
what's wrong I get that day on the unit
down yes of all the stuff
there's some herb down here by Missy's
chicken coop that is so fragrant smells
not bad just smells very Irby watering
Missy's plants right now she's out
running some errands I'm not doing this
right I honestly don't even know if I'm
doing this right oh sorry got you wet
hey all you want to come do this one hi
chickens you know how to do that ollie
there you go that's good come over here
it's a pretty good life huh
good job ollie
good job you're such a good helper did
you just fart oh wow that's so funny
yeah I'll be a little bit there we go
there we go I'm gonna chill on the
hammock whoa what's that ollie that's a
rooster haha he's singing to you it's
pretty cool dude oh do you know who else
crows like a rooster Peter Pan silly
rooster he doesn't you know it's not
morning
what's going on here
he's like so happy don't run no kidding
and he tried a new food and he loves it
what did you try oli
sauce
you didn't think about the video but he
was crying in tears things like I don't
travel just lick it yeah you finally get
a you like it huh gigabyte so how is it
good nobody yelling Dawber face match
challenge again
homemade pumpkin gnocchi and a brown
butter sauce with sage for president
y'all just finished making dinner and it
turned out quite good if I do say so
myself and we are watching election
coverage to see who's gonna win
you guys holy cow it's so late it's like
2:40 in the morning no oh sorry it's
2:40 to Eastern if it's so bluish you
creaking late look at this all he
couldn't even hang he literally just
fell asleep in the middle living room
fell asleep he was like I tired moment I
can't stop talking I'm literally like so
busy and remind is like running a
million miles a minute and he just fell
asleep on the living room floor and
we're not packing to leave the country
although that's probably what a lot of
people thought no but we are going
somewhere really fun tomorrow we're
excited to show you guys all right
that's all I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
if you guys are reading a little bit of
happiness and joy in your life go check
out my sister's video she just saved
money
hilarious video with my dad who is
literally the most adorable person ever
I don't know if I can say that babies is
so funny on video and go check it out
link down below in the description we'll
see you guys vide Anna the president's
about to come out we gotta hear him
speak
you
