pick a tree yeah tree you yeah
a big old Christmas tree huh wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
I am
all around
your way
Hey Oh what's this chicken your receipt
good morning guys do we look like death
cuz we feel like death it is really hot
you don't wait if you guys haven't been
following us on Twitter basically as
soon as Brian ended the vlog last night
all we got so sick and threw up all over
our couch and then I drove all over me
yes he did throw up on Brian first and
then we moved him as he threw up all
over the couch in our bed everything and
then we took him to the shower and I got
in with him to clean him up and then I
just started throwing up
so me and oli were like so sick and then
right as we were like starting to feel a
little bit better it's like like this
whatever we have is like four or five
hours where you feel like you're gonna
die and then as soon as we started
feeling better
Brian got sick so we're all still
recovering but we're feeling a lot
better already
it's definitely like a 24-hour bug that
I think it's even less than that because
we obviously have whatever Finn had a
few days ago Oh baby which he like he's
in so much trouble he he really did he
did a great job in through it cuz we all
could not get a bed even Ollie can't
like get out of bed I got hit by a truck
yeah the alt Finn was like just playing
but just like throwing up so anyways we
are all starting to feel better we're
eating homemade chicken noodle soup yeah
Missy's mom came over this morning took
oli made us soup mm-hmm
Michelle came over she's watching Finn
yeah I have to be here for all this
craziness which is really nice he's
doing really good with hers yeah so it's
just nice that we can like kind of rest
like I said like a three-hour knob and I
woke up feeling so much better like I
feel so good right now I mean I don't
feel like amazing but I feel way but I
that I did last night or even this
morning is that the nice chicken noodle
soup is amazing and it's perfect when
you don't feel good and don't feel
you can eat like yeah I did walk out of
the room and I smelt it and I wanted
parole cuz yeah my senses are really
sensitive it's pretty good ya know it's
crazy literally is like four hours of
like absolutely horrible and then you
like slowly start getting better and
better so now we have to disinfect the
house we are disinfecting the entire
house right now and cleaning everything
and watching a lot of sheets and washing
our couch and watching everything so
it's been kind of creepy poor cows I
know it's a personal one I've been
through a lot always trying to feel
better I'll show him he actually he was
just laying on the couch and he went hey
Mimi watch this and he jumped off the
couch onto the coffee table and then
jumped off the coffee table and we're
like you got some energy and he's like
yeah and then he laid down and curled up
and he was done no he does like a burst
of energy and then he was like I can't
that it was a lay down again so too bad
he hasn't liked chicken noodle soup
because that stuff is really yummy
it was really nice on my tummy hi baby
hey how you feeling good you feel sick
still yeah is your tummy hurt yeah I
remember when you spit up that was so
sad huh
ah ms scary yeah remember when mommy
spit up when I did it he was like mom
are you okay I'm like yeah son hang on
he's like and after we got done or after
I got done I was like here give me a hug
and he was like no you're gonna spit up
on me and was like no I promise I won't
it was a rough night yeah and you spit
up too hmm you did you've been doing so
good though
no more spitting up huh watching himself
easy you took I have a little bit I do
see a dinosaur shirt you like that shirt
huh this is a vlog inside of a walk my
stylist it though I don't know where
that went
did it break mm-hmm Holly what are you
doing you gonna take a bath I know I
really want to think about the other day
but we're all out of backbones we're so
spoiled by lush backbone you guys yeah I
think we got some bubbly stuff you can
use here let's us mama what she
recommends Kay
I don't know that's what he wants no but
we'll run it under the water
oh yay
we'd make a trip to LA soon
it won't do anything will it just
sitting in the water I think you have to
run it under water while the Sun is
setting on a beautiful day that I have
missed completely last night was rough
you guys I went from taking care of oli
who was throwing up my semen soaring up
to then me throwing ha just was not a
good time this is the victim of the
first accident when Olly was sitting
next to me this is actually filled with
like down feathers so we have to wash it
on cold and then it literally has to dry
outside and it takes like three days to
dry outside the feather smell really
weird you don't try it all the way so
you have to dry it all the way such a
beautiful day we'll have to see how
tomorrow turns out well would you look
at that you guys we got a FedEx Express
package today and I have a feeling I
know what's in here do you guys know
what's in here it's really exciting
stuff let's open it up and see shall we
oh yeah after weeks of trying to get
everything ready the passports for the
boys came in yes we're officially going
to London would have sucked if the there
was an issue or something and we think
at ease in time because we all read
about the flight with your US passport
the world is yours I'm so excited for my
boys to have passports just like Missy
night so that they can travel the whole
world with us that's amazing is that an
octopus floating next to you let me see
Wow he's pretty cool huh oh it's coming
right at you oh this kid's imagination
hey although we had a rough night last
night didn't we what was happening you
were spitting up oh yeah you spit up all
over me huh instead of saying throw up
or vomit he says spit up because that's
all he really knows hey Olli are you
feeling better now yeah
yeah it did get you you got to be
careful about that octopus as you can
tell he has a sense of humor back so
that's a good thing sometimes when
you're having a rough day you just gotta
have a little bit of ice cream oh yeah
oh yeah mmm ice cream nature's medicine
didn't know it's not really found in
nature ever wonder what all hub of is
behind me tail munch on Harry Potter the
coos back why is he drinking like that
mm-hmm he's a big kid yeah he had so
much fun
Michelle say you did okay hung out all
day played and she did like errands with
him and she really enjoyed it too Oh has
she been talking about she wanted to
watch him yeah
oh he sees the tree just so sick and be
running after a baby is so hard yeah we
would not have been able to take care of
him takes a tree yeah tree you like the
Christmas tree yeah you do
you're so cute little guy I missed you
you yeah the big old Christmas tree huh
scusi mama
hi
ah hey hi
always over there sleeping right now and
it has just been one of those days where
we do nothing it relax
oh that light anyways we are now getting
ready for bed is this one bedtime you
have such a busy Sunday uh-huh are you
ready for bed yeah okay but anyways yeah
I was just one of those days we just
kind of chilled and recovered from our
crazy night but we're all feeling a lot
better we are gonna go ahead and end the
vlog get a nice rest and then hopefully
take on tomorrow
you ready it take on tomorrow all right
we go ahead and give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
you
