something else karma does he goes in
here go ahead I'll go in there and then
he just shuts the door wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe Auslan sad big
Oh
whoever you're with
good morning guys good morning Internet
you're out and about we just finished
lunch actually so it's not morning if
you didn't know that we just live and
always back here he's counting all the
palm trees can you count them for me
forty forty eight nine ten that's a lot
of wow there's a lot of palm trees
though I used to do that when I was a
kid just count all the palm trees we are
actually headed to the store right now
because it's very warm here in
California as you can see this is this
is very comfortable for me right now
we're headed to some very cold climates
over the next month and so we really
need to get not only ourselves some
jackets but the boys jacket and not just
jackets we're gonna need obviously like
raincoats because we're going to Seattle
for vlogger fair fee as well now and
London is gonna be wet and cold and
we're not used to the red wasn't cold
we're gonna be in a major cultural shock
clear that climate shock
yeah but Ollie I'm really excited to see
snow he's been asking me like every day
I don't want to go to snow yeah
so hopefully oh we need to get some warm
clothes otherwise he's gonna be like get
me out of this note right now yeah let's
go shopping
all right oli we are all done fine coats
huh yeah that was not fun was it okay
gang you did get a gun cuz you were
really good so Mimi bought your gun that
was very nice of her hey guess what
we're gonna go do now guess cha are you
so excited let me see your happy dance
happy happy dance happy dance happy
dance we're gonna go see trolls y'all
what's going on with this kid he's
messed up whoa dude I love your hair you
got troll hair for the troll movie oh
yeah Cassie your dues looking good oh
and Missy infant Oh Missy I love your
pink troll hair beautiful yes you have
to Don the troll hair so that we can go
see trolls he does look so cute he's not
gonna leave it on no huh he looks like a
total rock star ha ha ha ha there we go
he's my little troll these are cute
internet trolls right all right let's go
see a movie yeah careful that dude
whoa you're hanging out in Newt
Scamander suitcase aren't you
was there magical creatures in there
yeah check out our cool glasses we're
gonna go see in 3d okay he's only been
to one other 3d movie so hopefully
you're excited yeah you got your shirt
yeah he's he's got a shirt on you guys
oh you got neck tattoos all over yeah
okay let's go see trolls okay in case
you can't see he has neck tattoos guys
oh hey we're just a family of trolls
just hanging out right oli got my game
you got your troll gun right okay okay
today I'm so gun okay we just got out of
the trolls movie oli what do you think
of the movie good good who was your
favorite troll oh good people the pink
one you like thee you like princess
puppy yeah I liked the glitter one the
one who farted glitter and then he
talked all auto-tune I was cool huh yeah
yeah who's your favorite one babe
probably poppy
yeah poppy was pretty cool branch was
cool too though he likes the blue one
right yeah let's see how long he wears
it it looks so cute on him and like
actually fits him really well oh go
shoot dinosaurs Ollie shoot the dinosaur
shoot it ah where's your troll leg bro I
in the wig mood yeah you can't really
wear wigs he's not really into it huh oh
you look so cool with your wig though he
knows okay
he knows so we did good out of trolls
and it was hilarious and cute and
amazing and a lot of fun I think I want
to go see it again all right mr. troll
your playroom is kind of a mess can you
clean it up just pick everything up with
your hair like the trolls do he's
putting it on is there yeah there you go
grab something else with your hair grab
buzz with your hair oli he's right here
there you go good job
outro
he's having a little accident eating his
bananas are you boys loving up happy dog
he's actually pretty afraid of this
right now he doesn't think anyone should
be near if you guys don't know he's got
a thing about baby gates so when they
move he gets scared it's okay boy hey
you are okay come here they just want to
give you hugs they're sitting next to
the baby gate hi yai puppy yeah it's
okay very afraid hey hey you're okay
what are you what do you need that's
behind the baby gate okay I'll move the
baby gate and then you can go get
whatever you need okay it's okay
okay go no I see now there's a cookie on
the other side I just wanted this oh my
gosh that's why you were barking but you
were too afraid to get close come here
pup come here like now you're sitting
next to the baby Kate dude dude chill
chill chill
don't push it over oh my god his worst
nightmare
ever since he was a pup one time a baby
gate fell on him and he's afraid of
babies so it's a thing he deals with in
his life it's hard when there's toddlers
though you gotta have a gate got a baby
gate hi guys his worst nightmare
something else karma does when he
doesn't want to be a part of the
situation anymore as he goes in here go
ahead go ahead go he'll go in there and
then he just shuts the door when I have
friends over or anyone he usually will
just like go in the bathroom each other
Dora
everyone always like freaks I was like
who's in the back I was like oh that's
karma he was just tired of being around
everyone he legit will just say like
he's going in the bathroom he's done
comp dude you're like he's like a human
guys I can't really explain karma he's
very human like this is what we're gonna
have tonight okay we're having a biscuit
this is just bread and we just open it
up and that's just
bread see ya I'm not look good WOM okay
thank you
all right now we're gonna put the gravy
on it okay it is gonna little I guess
this is how mommy and daddy eat it and
you love this so good and then look what
you get Olie you get a fork and you can
cut it up into bites and eat it we're
introducing some new food to all
eternity we really want him to start
eating a lot of what we eat for dinner
so we're cutting this up hard with a
toddler I know has to happen it'll
happen yeah he's down to like for me
food taste yeah so it's gonna be an
interesting while till this happens but
that's good he I think he'll like that
he'll learn that he can take bites and
cut it up and simple easy dish then
we'll eat anything won't you fin he is
like y'all you biscuits and gravy put it
on me put it in front of me I'll eat it
what's up hey buddy
hey did you have a good day ahh what are
we doing now what movie are we watching
now Jackie yes yes we are cuddling on
the couch watching Jake in the neverland
pirates
oh boy yay that one yeah Captain Hook is
not nice
Captain Hook stole their ship The
Buccaneer that was not nice was it yeah
but oh sure sad it was really sad when
Captain Hook took their ship you guys it
really was there's a lot of emotions
going on there's even as that song so
we're kind of recovering from that huh
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video I'm gonna go ahead and end it here
if you did enjoy it be sure to give it a
thumbs up yeah subscribe leave a comment
please check out all those links down
below in the description you can still
get Idaho on iTunes now more stuff
coming soon thank you for watching
I see manana Holly what do you want to
say bye
