wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
on
sawsan sad big
I am
very
whoa
good morning Ironman whoa that's pretty
cool all I found some cool iron man get
up and now he's walking around the house
like those gloves are ginormous on him
hey they do not say him at all
you look so cool little dude hello you
guys so today Missy and I had plans to
go to the studio we were supposed to
report a Christmas song that's gonna be
on a special Christmas collab CD and
then life happened right babe yeah yeah
we were literally down the road and
fence started throwing up so fast or
something but then he ate more food yeah
so we're just to stay home watch him
today Mimi and Papa were coming over to
watch Olly
so now they get to hang out too maybe he
just needed a little bit of Mimi love
it's crazy when babies are sick though
because they're so happy and smiley they
seem fine and then they just get sick
all of a sudden is that it you just
didn't want us to leave laughing no he's
acting totally fine he just can't keep
her down Oh get her Olly get her dang
dude that was good hit
yeah all right Missy is doing a little
bit of napping
which she deserves and I'm going to play
a little bit of piano well actually I'm
gonna learn a little bit little piano
with my handy dandy piano learning app
what's this called by the way so you
guys know it's called simply p.m. so I'm
gonna play a little song for you guys by
Beethoven you may have heard of them
Booya trying to get this rooster to crow
can you crow there he is
it's a big guy that thing is huge that's
crazy
hey what's up what's up chicken okay
here he comes he's like don't mess with
my woman I mean he's like a turkey you
should have a turkey
he might be on our table for
Thanksgiving
it still isn't filling the greatest but
he's getting some fresh air right now
drinking some water we're trying to keep
liquid in him so it doesn't get
dehydrated hi buddy I like your shirt
that's so cool
the fin is outside right now and it is
really crazy he does not feel well but
he acts completely fine but I actually
have him outside because he actually
can't keep like anything down but he
really really wants to drink some water
ha bud the best thing to do is to just
let him be outside and then if he throws
up it's not as big of a mess but we're
gonna grab some Pedialyte here in a
minute it's hard to say like no drinking
because he just keeps throwing up so I
definitely wanted to stay hydrated as
much as he can even if he only throws up
a little bit of it hopefully you won't
throw it all up yeah poor guy we're both
not feeling good I just took like a
really good nap too cuz I'm just like
I've got what Brian had though which is
just like a very cold achy body kind of
like sickness but Finn he just has like
a throwing up kind of deal hon dude you
feeling better
alright water balloons if you guys don't
know what this is going on here you got
to watch Cassie's video it's actually
really cool it's gonna be out on Monday
Monday go check it out it's really
really fun we're gonna make it extreme
here in a minute so it should be cool so
today on the piano I actually learned a
lot on my left hand and how to read the
sheet music with the two different
sections and a couple of chords and it's
been like really super fun and now Missy
actually really likes that so she's
refreshing herself but she tried to jump
ahead to like one of the advance songs
it's like oh I bet I could do this it is
pretty hard yeah it's cool that we have
apps like this though you know like can
you imagine like growing up on this our
kids have it so easy I see I feel like
with technology like learning
instruments is easy schools easy
yeah it's been really fun using this
little happen learning how to play piano
well I feel pretty stupid because I've
been hanging out in my boots and my
jeans all day because we were getting
ready to go somewhere and then this kid
turned out to be sick look at him he's
like totally toll on me though and so we
didn't do anything but I've been hanging
around in the mobile I know you got Iron
Man gloves okay it's so cool so I
finally took everything off and I'm so
comfy and I'm now just hanging out with
my little sick dude
and we can be sick together I actually
was almost about over my sickness
because we're going into the studio
today my felt that it was probably about
time that I could probably go sing but
I'm bummed I missed it hopefully we can
do it soon and I can make the cut cuz
it's it's for Christmas album but this
kid yeah he's just been throwing up all
day been really slow and like tired huh
he's happy no I know how it goes huh
yeah we were gonna go and then yep you
just threw up huh yeah all right what
are we doing here Jim we want to do a
turkey for Thanksgiving but we need to
test it on some chickens make sure we
don't kill ourselves yes we want to do a
deep-fried turkey we're out Thanksgiving
safe so we're in the garage they
actually got a deep fryer for a turkey
and we got a couple chickens we're gonna
test it out with I was hoping it was one
of those like really big unsafe fryers
and I was gonna you're gonna get me a
good thumbnail on Christmas of a turkey
exploding flame and yeah the suspense
you have to hold it there the whole time
Oh gotcha okay
seems like a good one though how long
does it take
25 minutes it fries for 25 minutes holy
cow I know right yes that's gonna be
amazing I've always wanted to try
deep-fried Turkey
we never have smooth this year we're
prepared we ain't gonna be exploded
hopefully holy chicken Batman this looks
amazing
all right Finn you're officially on the
BRAT diet because you've been throwing
up all day so brat first one is bananas
see how you keep that down he honestly
hasn't eaten like anything today
you just keep stirring up so he hasn't
thrown up in a while so we're going to
try some banana he seems to just be
mashing it and playing with it all he's
saying that night to the tree say
midnight Christmas tree all right let's
go to bed
you got your Ironman gloves you're not
excited about going to bed I know you
got to go to bed every night though huh
yeah climb into bed I will lay with you
lay down mister you're gonna sleep with
your Iron Man gloves really all right
silly boy okay we'll put them right
there so you can play with them in the
morning kay hey I love you very much
okay tomorrow what do you want to go do
you wanna go see trolls well we're gonna
have to do that kay okay give me kiss
love you good night night kay
I just put always and and I've been
practicing my piano skills all day
knowing she is what I learned he's
really awesome because christmas is
coming up I'm actually reading sheet
music to you like I don't know if they
can see the answer for this like it's
actual sheet Nosek you guys it's not
like the app and I just have to say that
it's pretty amazing that you can play
after like two days of practicing or
learning ah this is pretty amazing
okay you guys ready - okay get in the
Christmas spirit here before we end the
Block ready
it's a little rough but I'm reading
sheet music pretty good it's pretty
amazing yeah it feels really cool to
play piano but hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and check
out that link down below in the
description to get your tickets to
vlogger fair we will be in Seattle this
weekend and we're so excited so come
hang out with us thanks for watching
guys we'll see you men
