I born in a big nut and what's that
alley right in the middle that's a guy
yep do it some hiking
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
just one
once again
over every
good winning Ally no I Superman good
morning Superman or what are you and
meanie doing
Oh anything's woods oh you've been the
squirrels were in today there he is
what is that Ollie good day a blue jay
because he's blue oh there he is oh he's
eating your peanuts oh my goodness he's
so pretty huh so pretty out you're huh
there's so much nature and the big old
fluffy squirrels huh you like it up here
yeah it's good to me splat the squirrels
gonna scratch you I was gonna hand feed
it
oh look it's right up there he's looking
at her look there is oh oh hey philu Shh
oh my gosh
oh my gosh
come on guy come to it yeah day after
Thanksgiving and this is how you do it
you just take all the leftovers and
throw it on bread right babe you gotta
make sure you make your moist nature you
gotta have the moist maker gravy check
out mine I got turkey stuffing gravy and
then on the other side I put some of
that amazing homemade cranberry sauce
let me see made with the orange zest he
does the best he's ever had best I've
ever had that's I ever had best I ever
had
yeah this is what's happening this
morning you would think that it's
freezing cold with this all this on but
it's not I've been told a million times
that I'm gonna roast to death
it's so cold oh but I'm cold okay so I
California girl and the 60 degree
weather is freezing cold are you cold no
anyways we're all walking into town
right now it's very cool we're staying
in a cabin that is really really close
to town we could just walk right in so
it's kinda nice taking a little shortcut
through actually through some bins where
people are staying us also and I know
it's really cool because this weekend
they have they always have a harvest
festival or like a Christmas Festival so
we're gonna head in and kind of check it
out and walk around and go do some
touristy things which you know I'm a
tourist
when I'm wearing this in the 60-degree
weather
I'm born in a pig that's a little one
right there what did that one pp that a
tiger baby he says oh no Olli that's
what you saw this morning what is it a
mouse a squirrel
and what's that Ali right in the middle
oh that's a guy yep
do it some hiking
you want to go in there right all he
wants to do some spinning right okay Wow
fast whoa that's so fast it's crazy
ready other way other way
that's fine yeah
stop are you dizzy now you wanna get up
walk around and be all dizzy oh okay
whoa
to dizzy
well look who decided to show up
Johnson's are here how was your
Thanksgiving Paulina as ours we
deep-fried a turkey so we win you didn't
know
yeah the Johnsons are here and Ali's
playing with live and pay what you guys
playing of life Liv is holding a fish on
her head and she walked around that
backwards Missy what are we playing
we're playing I can do that so the kids
basically pick three cards and it tells
them something to do like foam pieces
they have like lasting pieces and then
we tell them what to do whether the
skipper jumper flying under that robe
stick this is the trick of a step these
are all the props okay cool
all right Ollie it's your turn so pick
three cards kay
all right skip around the trick mistake
not you the two with the book not the
other one yeah under your left arm so
all he has to skip around the chicken is
stick with the book under his left arm
you can all right let's see you do it
here's the book under his left arm skip
around that one skip around the trick
imma stick Ollie skip you memorize get
move somehow skip again no you don't
have to go under it
okay so see how she's skipping okay you
skip to ollie go okay I don't like good
job you can do it buddy
you
we are eatin dinner at this a beautiful
Italian place tell you in Italy cold now
it's really cold
yes everyone's bundled up we got heaters
look at we're all split up how's that no
key bro
so yogi yeah Geoffrey and I ordered the
same thing I'm excited was like Brian
what did you get like when you look at
the sausage just like yeah man
heck yeah dude bi is actually a very
cold night so we're hopeful that it's
the only way they could accommodate all
of us I feel like any time we go out to
eat it's like with a party like 20 or so
it's just the way I guess she feeding
you like a little hamster right yes we
are all together now actually my parents
and Christian left to a different cabin
to go to bed because they're like paying
for the kids are in bed and we are
starting a game of poker who thinks our
gonna win my arm is not right I'm not
gonna win but I'm excited we're gonna
have some fun this is we're not it's our
last night but we're gonna have some fun
tonight and we're going to have a really
fun day tomorrow so if you didn't join
the big video make sure you give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
you
