hey Olli can you say Taekwondo again
Thanks hi
Quan dope Taekwondo
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all inside big
I am
good morning boys
good morning oli oh hey did you have a
good Halloween oh you want some candy
you can have some candy but I got to see
you smile okay see smile you got so much
candy last night didn't you yeah and you
want to eat something for breakfast well
guess what mommy and I will totally let
you eat some for breakfast okay me and
daddy got really hungry last night we
ate all I know we were just so hungry
darling I'm sorry Olli I forgot we ate
all your candy okay are you so mad at us
maybe you could eat like a healthy snack
yeah your candy was really yummy though
we loved it we were so hungry and we
just really wanted some candy to make us
feel better I'm sorry we ate all your
candy
are you really sad we're just singing
all you got your candy we're just
kidding it's like I don't believe you
look at this
any of it no what we wouldn't do that to
you you weren't so hard on this huh
we're just kidding Tara can you forgive
me okay alright have a good breakfast
buddy okay hey one since he kicks you
okay and then I'll get you your oatmeal
hey Ollie I love you did you have fun
being captain Jake yesterday yeah yeah
can you be happy
let me see big smile big smile poor all
it was so sad you guys we've always
wanted to play that trick but I think
we've always wondered like what's a
house only really gonna react and last
year I don't think he would have cared
at all but here he was very attached to
his candy um I'm sorry we won't do that
again okay okay he's like still mad at
us babe not only do you have a bunch of
candy Ollie but remember you also
searched for gold yesterday huh
open that bad boy up let's take a look
at all this gold whoa that is a lot of
gold huh Oh whose necklace is that who
was it remember it was captain house
yeah and you bought him what did you get
when you thought happy huh
I got ah you got that but remember you
had to go save someone did you say you
did save me you save your family long no
I got that yeah
that too I put it in your treasure chest
so you don't lose okay we'll have to go
out and look for treasure sometimes kay
good morning little crocodile how you
doing
like I'm good I got my breakfast bar I'm
good I'm hanging out with a ghost going
through Halloween candy all I got some
good stuff they have Reese's miniatures
Sour Patch Kids isn't my favorite I
still all of these sorry swedish fish
what are these fruity snacks yeah some
good stuff here dude I don't know if you
guys know but they were doing the teal
pumpkin project this year and if you
have treats that are not food-related
you can put out a pumpkin for kids who
have like allergies and stuff like that
so I think that was from a house that
had a teal pumpkin which i think is
really cool because all kids should be
able to enjoy Halloween regardless of
whether they're like it should chocolate
or blue thin or stuff like that good
morning guys I am just in Brian's office
right now and I'm finishing up the final
paperwork for Oliver and Finn's
passports which has been oh so hard
because there's so much information
paperwork dating I mean look at this I
just got done printing out like pages
and pages of paperwork and basically
it's because one it took me a while to
get their birth certificates because I
never got those so I had like sent out
for them in order them to because our
trip is coming up in the next couple
months I wanted to like pay for the rush
my passport which means like you can get
it within like a week I think you can
even get it within like 24 hours if you
really wanted it you have to pay for it
but in order to do that you do have to
do a little bit more work so I've been
doing a little bit more work in order to
get my passport really soon or their
passports really soon but I think I'm
finally done I've got all the paperwork
I've got our passports to help prove
that we are their parents and I've got
them all organized here into folders I'm
just gonna write out some checks to make
sure everything is paid for and it's
just so hard because you have to send
offer and if anything is wrong then they
have to send it back and you'd like redo
it all getting really close to sending
off alright so we are having a monthly
planning meeting for YouTube behind the
scenes right here it's basically just a
lot of paperwork and planning and I'm
very congested so if you hear me
like this it's because I'm very
congested the attalos over with Payton
hello Finn what are you doing what are
you doing looking for flowers Finn
you're playing with that okay it's such
a beautiful day you guys go find a
flower Olli
oh no the dinosaurs to eat the rock Wow
yeah I love that we can actually just
like sit and get work done in front of
that window and the kids can literally
just play out here and not get hurt not
get in trouble just enjoy the outdoors
Holly's still in his pajamas by the way
we're like whatever it works go pick a
flower for Mama Holly hello ladies and
rooster you're making quite the noise
today what look can you cockadoodledoo
that was pretty good we have these
flowers but mama probably wouldn't like
you picking those huh blue there's a
pretty one pick that flower Allie that's
a pretty one I think my mole like that
oh yeah you find a flower for your mom
oh here's one right here
oh there you go let's go get flowers to
momma guys
you gonna cry a present he was like
hiding it behind his back thank you so
much all these so sweet of you kind of
kiss you got a flower too
yeah so I'm getting the car ready
because we're actually headed somewhere
really fun and our crotch fridge making
this noise
that's scary crap I think this thing is
about to crap out on us so fun that's
really annoying all right we are headed
to somewhere super fun I'll let you know
where we're going
see got we actually found this flyer not
too long ago that talked about it's like
peewee Taekwondo and basically swear it
for like little kids who aren't quite
like probably there for like really
Taekwondo but I think it's more like
it's fun I think it's interactive I
think it's great to teach them how to
like listen to directions and also is
cooled like socializing with other kids
and stuff and so we thought that's gonna
be that would be super fun and so my mom
and dad my dad is especially very
excited for this so this is actually
more of like an assessment to see if he
can actually follow along and like do
the things that they wanted to do
because this class is intended for a
little bit of older kids yes but if he
can pass the assessment do it you can do
it otherwise there are tons of options
for three-year-old yes yeah so we're
gonna take him Ollie are you excited do
you know what you're gonna be doing yeah
what are you gonna do I don't like kids
in case you go hi yeah and I think
what's cool is that they'll teach him
that you can only do it like when using
class and things like like not on other
kids stuff although yesterday we were
filming the Halloween special right
mm-hmm Finn was playing the crocodile
yeah all you have to fight the crocodile
beat and
hit your brother pretend only yeah he
did not touch him yeah you know so nice
and gentle and made sure to swing it
just passed him he was actually so good
during that I think he had a ton of fun
like kind of playing the part and like
he knew he was acting and he would did
so good it was like the cutest thing
ever
anyways hey Olli can you say Taekwondo
again hey thanks hi
Kwan go Taekwondo
hey that always reminds me Joey with
wouldn't be besieging Joey French and
still be like to like spill it all out
from there guys I'm baaaack
like now anyways Taekwondo you excited
yay
have you
you
alright guys we just got out of Ollie's
Taekwondo assessment and master teeth
which is the guy's name said he did you
did really good huh you didn't do all
his tricks no it's okay he said he has
really good focus for three-year-old
really good focus and he actually got
onto the mat which is really rare too so
we're going to take you back in a couple
of days and he's just gonna keep trying
yeah good in the end he got a little
freaked out I think there was a class
going on this really long like making
much noise yeah so now we're at Pizza
long story sharp we're getting some
dinner Pizza ha hey hey stop stop stop
thin out of the shower
ah he's like barking do you bark Finn he
barks I'm gonna get this kid
ready for bed I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you all right Ollie Chase has
been in here please come on - hello
Finny
I don't know you guys just kid has a lot
of energy right now I don't know how I'm
gonna put them put him to bed
oh can you give your mother a kiss mwah
say night-night fan can you show fin out
a vlog okay hi guys hey guys how are you
hi yeah bye welcome to you buddy
you kidnapped it welcome all this mess I
have to clean up yeah clean it up
yes Finn's cream is obviously too messy
to sleep in right
we clean up you got them all all right
climb out hey guys what are these
clothes thats pink ooh white eyes oh
that's a bacon look at this story short
I got a prize just for me to dorsals
look at look at that Hey oh yeah I got
that for Finn where I get that from Finn
all right the nighttime it may say
thanks for watching today's vlog sake
give it a thumbs up
okay dinosaurs coming for you okay I'm
gritty sure this cameras about that
alright I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe leave a comment
check out those links please go outside
own music video if you have not already
and share it with one of your friends
and we will see you manana
alright this kid's gonna run off some
steam go ahead run hey Ally I'm ending
the vlog you know what to say
you
