you
they'll step aside let me please our
veneers hello and welcome to our first
annual Monster Mash wherever you are
that's wherever wannabe
oh good thank you
Oh
with me
Ollie come here whoa who are you what
does bb-8 say any roles can you roll
let me see you roll just like bb-8 Wow
you're bb-8 costume is on point Allie oh
hello little puppy dog he can be your
footstool cool hey guys so Missy and I
right now are Beauty and the Beast check
out my costume I gonna have to give you
a little rundown Ollie is playing
bb-8 huh and he's got a sword I don't
know why and Finn has a costume tonight
we are hosting our first-ever Monster
Mash Halloween party we've never done
anything like this Missy has been
planning for weeks it's been so much
work and tonight is the big night and
we're so excited so you guys are going
to get a first-hand look at our party
and everything we planned we have some
really spooky stuff coming up but first
of all what you guys think of our
costumes I'm gonna show Missy's off tell
us all this time what do you guys think
of Missy's Belle costume you guys she's
wearing this beautiful dress it's really
pretty because it's literally like
exactly what she wore it kind of like
ranks around my shoulders it's got this
cute little neck thing which is actually
pretty stylish right now yeah what is it
a choker yeah and then I didn't really
do my hair and makeup too much but I
just have it up in a bun and I felt like
a little ripping around it and then it
also came with these really pretty
gloves that are kind of ruffled which is
kind of cool just adds a lot of texture
to the dress which is really simple and
just like a regular Halloween
it makes it look very like elaborate
yeah
and of course valve is not complete
without the beast how do you feel so
yeah this is actually a really cool
costume I'm basically just wearing black
pants and black boots which are easy and
then I have this aristocrat tunic on
which I've got a little Ascot for a look
very fantasy and really goal and it's
also really simple too and it's all guys
a really simple costume so it's got ears
and horns and it's basically like a
hoodie it's like connected yeah well
like my lens babe no these are its this
is like very very cool you don't to wear
like a full mask it just looks cool yeah
so this is probably what I'm gonna wear
to the Halloween party tonight
cuz it's really simple Missy will have
another costume change because what's
Halloween without a bunch of different
costumes okay and together we are Beauty
and the Beast and I think that's how it
is in real life too you know I'm kind of
a beast and you're kind of a beauty
always got your nose stuck in a book
that bell yeah you're uh-oh the other
guy no I guess not done yeah but maybe I
think you look so pretty in there
I feel Freddie I like it it's just a lot
to wear for a helping like party yeah oh
I'm gonna be running and you know what
yeah we may have things chasing us I
might have to dress up like this another
time for something yeah so the kitchen
is kind of a disaster right now but
we're just getting everything ready for
the party show me some treats you made
cut my finger really sorry drip it all
over your wedding shoes
the puppy dog wants to be held a puppy
dog the most important part of our party
is right behind this door you guys and I
know that it says danger caution and
step right up enter if you dare but
we're gonna want to enter that you not
so much you're probably not gonna want
to go in there kay buddy we've got some
tricks and we've got some treats behind
this door I think people are in for a
scary night
alright so Missy showed you last night
she was making these worms these jelly
worms out of straws and she's taking
them right now out of the package so I
did a second batch so they're a little
bit longer even though the other ones
actually turned out pretty good
bail I'm not sure if she was very good
in the kitchen so she actually just sat
at the table and everything served her
oh look at that gooey goodness isn't
that cool
that's pretty cool it is pretty yucky
huh this is the coolest part so
basically the worms are inside the
straws and all Missy does is squeeze
them out and it's so cool good good my
fingers are so slippery squeezing the
worms out you
look at that Olly and get oh oh oh did
they pay it's not chocolate it's it's a
jello y'all be talking yeah
hey Ollie do you want to eat one yeah I
want to eat one too you ready hey ollie
put it in your mouth open your mouth you
don't want it
Wow I like worms worms are yummy oh they
taste like cherry we have The Nightmare
Before Christmas on TV
and yes I took off my costume because it
was getting rather hot so I had to turn
on the a/c but I will be putting it on
later and we are just getting some final
things done we're making little mummy
dogs over here thank you guys
those look yummy and yes I've been
stealing these because these are
delicious and then I'm currently making
a Frankenstein guacamole so this is my
inspiration that Missy wants and this is
what I'm doing
hopefully it turns out we'll see and
I'll show you hey guys Missy is getting
her makeup done
you're not Belle anymore I'm not Belle
anymore I the feeling we're not in
France anymore I wanted to show you mr.
Frankenstein did I do okay yeah it's
different bit of skin it's stiffer than
what I had originally thought okay my
girl we better begin the idea that I
thought she's just digging herself out
of a hole right now
interest I think is not as good as is it
in a Halloween costume number two oh my
gosh it's been not afraid of you right
now I got the goods and I found like me
he does not he does not care oh my gosh
so Missy is a zombie prom queen you look
so good babe you look so good
makeup cred to Michelle hair cries
Michelle I'm always something
kid-friendly you know we always do like
our yearly costumes and we're still
doing Beauty and the Beast I'm still
something very cute tomorrow but today I
was like I'm gonna do something I never
get to do well you look good baby
so Finney right now is awake and he's
just meandering around the house he's
like what is going on oh wow that's
amazing
someone could not hang someone just
could not hang by the way there's a
ghost a sleep which is amazing cuz this
was the plan get him to bed early
because there are no kids allowed
at this Halloween party no kids allowed
except for Maddie rebel Butthead okay
you're not a kid all right that's
awesome you guys oh yeah people are
starting to arrive to the party
alright Cassie show me your costume what
are we working with there she stole this
costume look at me actually a little bag
to carry around things and Jimmy what
are you Jimmy is a Roman soldier hairy
chest and all Suzanne and Jim are
farmers couple farmersonly.com
hahahahahaha ice in the lake of
ourselves
all right you guys Missy may have taken
off her Belle costume oh that's not
happening I gotta have Belle because I'm
peace right yeah look what I did
my aunt Christie is now Belle to the
monster madness just have these two
peeps show up you literally scared the
crap out what's up dude I miss this face
and it's tau welcome who's this oh you
guys have like a theme going on I love
it check out these costumes
Oh attention everybody thank you guys
for coming to our first annual Monster
Mash you guys all look amazing so we
have a special treat for you guys and to
do this properly we need you to form
groups of 4 to 5 4 is best so pick 4
people form a group and then when you
guys are ready we're going to take
groups up one at a time
you look amazing
hahahaha dick are you rocking heels oh
you guys look good
alright guys it is now time to give
everyone a little trick or treat we are
entering the door what wonders await us
we don't know you guys ready
hey guys
hi guys how's it going so I don't want
to play No thank you oh okay here we go
what's that oh okay okay what's on the
TV I don't understand
Missy go oh my god Missy I can't see
anything
hey man what's up shit your brain No
thank you
I like my brain the way it is what's
going on here oh my gosh that's a hand
something's happening right now oh my
gosh oh my gosh that poor lady
I'm coming oh my god okay I'm going
these clowns agree they're behind a cow
oh my gosh hang on
these are Berkeley
get on head get on the hayride oh my
gosh oh my gosh you guys we made it out
okay we're okay
the sign said don't trust the clown the
sign said don't trust the clown oh my
gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh who's that
how about no maybe with this part of the
maze no it's not I don't know what
happened
what happened shut up shut up right now
you killed me Ida freaking get out get a
wrench oh my gosh oh my gosh is this a
heart you got it you got the wrench did
you find the wrench do you find the rack
we got the ring we got the rat oh my god
clowns the freaking clowns are you
kidding me oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh doc what's hanging from
the trees oh my gosh their hands
there's so many of them babe he's
getting really close oh my gosh oh my
gosh
I think you guys we did it they actually
broke down in the middle of it I don't
know if that was planned babe that was
crazy
thank you okay
that was crazy we survived you guys you
know what now I think it's time to
partay Oh seriously freaky you guys I
don't know how much that was actually
planned that was the same holy cow these
people don't even know what's going on
oh wow
are you guys ready it's your turn lucky
let's see how they're ready for you guys
they're ready for their next victims
good luck you guys
oh my gosh
what have we created so much you guys
are freaky okay let's get out of here we
already get this I can't believe you
guys get out of there all right we have
moved the party to the Courtyard the
band is sound checking we have a live
band couple of guys that I know that are
coming to play some music for us and I'm
really excited everyone it's going to be
nice and Helen it turned out so good
it's so stinking proud of my wife you
guys she's been working on this for
weeks and it finally happened and I'm
just so happy for him we're all having
so much fun
so this seriously this is the first
annual Monster Mash we're gonna have to
make it an annual thing Michelle
he
they see though someone right behind you
oh my gosh I cannot believe I'm doing
this again you guys
thank you so much to James and this band
actually is got word that the Sheriff's
Department is now here so if you guys
want to check out this amazing band
maybe check the links down below have
everything there this is not an awesome
party everybody stand out let's go
it's really close go I can't make you
physical kryptonite Oh still the bass
and baby
