your kite is all the way up there we
want to see just how far can we let it
out once we drop it's gonna be like a
mile out my god I thought maybe wouldn't
let go wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe all
sauceman's that big
Oh
me
good morning guys it is a sort of cloudy
gloomy day here in Vegas and I woke up
to a loud bang
it was the blossom fountains the
fountains down there that go off it has
so much pressure that we can literally
hear like a loud bang every time it
shoots up in the air city is hustling
and bustling no matter what it looks
outside but we are just getting ready
for the day good morning guys so Missy
and Brian are still not home but Papa
told me and Olli to go check something
out in the chicken cube I wonder what
it's going to be are you excited yeah
I'm so excited let's go check it out
come on oh my goodness
Papa told me this was pretty cool so see
we got here I'm not up in this one you
know how to open it mmm no I know egg
there okay let's check the other one
excuse you oh my gosh oh my gosh I like
get in there grab it Oh show me
I got pull but it's got poop on it so
there's two fake eggs in here and today
we found a real a look at it oh my gosh
are you so excited wow that's so cool so
we are in the Aria shopping center where
they have all these fun stores a lot of
these hotels have like shopping malls in
them
this one's really cool because we're
walking towards the casino and all the
trees are like all lit up like they're
crying they actually look like tree
houses and out here there is a giant
dinosaur bones look a Leitz dinosaur
we are making a pit stop up the Earl
love stay on to it and I'm so excited
because the Earl attend with you guys
has the greatest holiday turkey sandwich
ever
it has turkey gravy stuffing cranberry
honey what are we gonna do oh and allows
it we're gonna fly a kite yeah it's
pretty windy out so my dad went out and
got a kite for everyone or for father
ollie we're gonna fly it see how it goes
thinking what I'm thinking
go for it and take off
do you always should run no run off the
cliff huh where you get hold on Ollie
Ollie come back Holly come back what
happened what happened oh my gosh I was
a disaster we got it up but it's kind of
cut by a tree can't go walk like towards
um
there we go y'all your little flight
tire fight fire flight kite fire look at
that Holly where you going in this cool
look at your cunny
way over zone oh oh no I got cut into a
tree and it's gone it's gone
oh here you go we got it up in the air
hang on tight both hands on another
everything might give us a Ollie so
fickle so we are now in Caesars Palace
and we've never been here before but
look at this you guys
no we're totally outside no it looks
like we're Elsa and the Paris was like
this - do you remember they're like we
made it like you were outside in Paris
yeah this is like really nice it's just
like the air feels different it smells
different
others club we're like in the mall part
of
yeah doing a little bit of shopping and
just meandering around until we have to
head over to the airport for flight but
look at this it's crazy I wish they had
like just regular malls like this you
know and holy cow look at that phone up
here check this out
and the restaurant right here is called
the Trevi because this is the trevi
fountain babe we got to do this next
come here
how'd it go to Italy or Rome Italy and
Rome would be amazing so cool
this kite has been quite the problem or
to go there it is
ollie you played a kite yeah not really
though are we
holy you're finally flying a kite it's
that little dot right there oh no then
it just nosedive into a tree that's a
shame karma karma get it drink
get a tree very good go on to the lesson
yeah you tell it karma you tell that
tricky how are you doing okay bye-bye
nice talking to you all right all I
think we finally fix the problem your
kite is all the way up there can you
even see it in the camera
yeah it's that little dot right there
way up there is not cool you're so good
at it we want to see just how far can we
let it out without dropping it
once we drop it's gonna be like a mile
out awesome hey Tommy wouldn't let it go
wait guys me my nose don't all right Ben
your turn you know what you're doing
okay good let it out it sweet oh my God
look into neighbor's area let out Marv
don't eat it
folks welcome to LA we're just waiting
for a couple airplanes out of our alley
blues might see your seatbelts fastened
and it'll be a great rush sure we can't
allow a little bit
hey oli we're home
I gotta get my cheeky you got what I got
aching my kicking no way yeah he laid
the seat LOA's gonna get it so we can
see it hi buddy can I have a hug you
miss you we got home and he literally
just ran to us and gave us the biggest
hug
is it big or little yeah it's little oh
my god gone crazy
yeah make happy no do not crack yeah I
do
we're gonna make breakfast tomorrow and
we'll eat it
let's make scrambled eggs mmm yummy eggs
with it
it's so cool babe we blogged right
before we laughed that I know we're
doing an egg yet I might give them a big
talk like you need to make me eggs
absolutely
and then I did hey oli guess what we got
a present for you yeah are you closing
your eyes his eyes are closed babe
they're closed very very tightly no
Kazem to close your eyes he just not
what it's well okay open your eyes it's
a shark and it's a book about the shark
so you can read all right so his name is
toothy the shark can use a toothy say
toothy hey dude you can read all about
him there he is right there
hi Debbie yeah hello mr. bumble bee rvs
flowers home for me and the bee says
dude no try a different place for size
yeah that's pretty cool huh yeah
do you like it so you think he died mama
she picked it out taking Malcolm you and
your brother can
we can like read it together for bet
okay are we gonna wake up Finn so we can
say hi not wicked nightcap I mean I love
him I miss him so much I know that miss
everybody all right is that time we are
putting this kid to bed and babe I think
your best friend of the week I know I've
heard him crying in there I'm like yeah
Missy's a little lopsided so she was
hoping that Finn would wake up so that
he could fix it yes he needs a nurse
yeah we're putting this kid to bed I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe we're so excited to be
home are you excited we're home Olli
your boys wanted Fitness us yeah yeah
all right oli what do you say nice bye
you
