good morning guys before today's vlog
starts I wanted to talk a little bit
about the Idaho music video that is now
up on my youtube channel youtube.com
slash Bryan Lanning if you have not yet
seen the music video I will have it
linked below and I urge you guys to go
watch it because it was such a passion
project for both missing and I iced are
some amazing actors and it has some
really raw moments the Idaho music video
is definitely autobiographical for those
of you who have watched our draw my life
you kind of know what I went through as
a teenager and as a kid and I didn't
want to hide that and Idaho is a really
it's a really important place for
missing i but it's a place that we don't
really like to think about a lot it's a
place we really don't like to visit a
lot because there are a lot of really
tough memories there for both of us and
so when I wrote this song Idaho you know
I sort of captured that fun-loving
environment that we grew up in that we
fell in love in but the truth of the
matter is is there's a lot of other
things going on in our lives around that
time so I wanted to show that to you
guys the best way I could to let other
kids and teenagers know that if you're
in situations like that you know if
you're in an abusive household like that
that you know that you're not alone and
I went through the same thing and I got
out of it and Missy and I are happier
than ever in the life that we have now
and it does feel like that if I saw a
music video like this when I was a kid
or a teenager it kind of would have
brought a little bit of hope to myself
cuz a lot of the times I felt really
hopeless and I felt really broken I felt
like it was my fault which it most
definitely wasn't and so I feel like
seeing something like this would be
really empowering so I kind of just
wanted to do that for other kids who are
in situations like that but yeah I'm
done rambling about it obviously you
guys know that we've been working really
hard on a lot of really cool music stuff
Missy and I both have been working hard
and she's really excited for people to
see this music video and her family's
really excited so if you have not yet
watched it please go watch it I'll have
a link on the screen that you can click
to go watch it and there's also linked
down below in the description and if you
enjoyed it share it with your friends
and your family
Rod's me alright I'll stop this on to
today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
on
I am home
are you with me
good morning guys it is a beautiful
Friday morning and today me and my dad
are working on a few house project brian
is working in his office getting some
other stuff done he his music video goes
live today so he's got a lot to do but
we're also really excited to what we're
doing right now is in my courtyard we
are setting up some fun lights or like
the really cool lights we got like
Costco and they look sort of like
old-fashioned so he's gonna string one
inside to there and they're like one
side diagonal over there and I'm hoping
it looks cool because we didn't realize
how different our roofs are this sides
like really high and this sides like
really low and then there's like some
that's like medium and higher and it's
kind of crazy but I think I look cool
either way and these are really cool
lights they're like really heavy-duty
they seem like and thin is playing with
papas screws he just likes to shake them
you I could just get the screws
what's that Bali Hai is so bulky my
prize is broken
it's not broken we had to take the pole
lay it down because it's not set in the
ground yet as to really pick a spot for
it and I don't know where to put it so
we had to take the flag off and then we
have to basically lay that pole down but
this is the original pole that my
grandpa made and put up on my childhood
home so it's kind of so cool I don't
know if you guys saw the present I got
but it's very special to me and you need
to get down so I have to find a really
special spot to put it somewhere that
like will see it like make sure that the
fog is being like you have to always
have a light on it at night and
otherwise you have to take it down at
night so we have to make sure it has
like an electricity we have to have it a
good spot so it's very stressful because
once it's in it's like it's in it's like
that's official so I got to pick a spot
for the flag
y'all check it out John brought some
Halloween themed Donuts over and I
especially didn't even know this was a
thing good that a skeleton I'm guessing
that's a zombie green one with high
balls all over it
little ghost and look at that it's
actually like a tombstone not so cool
all right ante is getting all y'all
dressed cuz he had to take an emergency
shower hey Ollie what did you do outside
sigh you went poopoo outside yeah why
did you go poopoo outside I don't pay
you don't poop in your pants anymore
that's good I'll go outside no you have
to go poopoo in the potty
no doggy's go poopoo outside you go
poopoo in the potty yeah all they went
people outside and then what did you say
okay say hot doggy just like a doggy
that's right
this kid I don't know what we're gonna
do with you I didn't what we're gonna do
it yeah alright get your on okay
get your shirt on
one two three what hey Ollie how about
for the rest of the today we go poopoo
in the potty
yeah promise okay can you pinky promise
you pinky
stick out your pinky it looks it that's
how you do it
Ollie pinky promise Holly this is your
pinky it's your little finger see look
that's a pinky promise no check out what
I found you guys this is an air
Zuka Ollie this is a huge gun yeah do
you know how it works okay you show me
how it works really you just do this
okay show me what you do oh you do pull
that how does he know I literally don't
know if he's ever seen one of these in
his life and he knows how to use it he
might not be strong enough to pull back
you want me to show you okay here stand
right here
just like that okay look at dad dad you
ready
wait no no it's okay
her Holly I promise it won't hurt okay
he's like so scared okay you ready okay
stand right there okay
look at that Empire isn't that cool Hey
look not a toy
okay pull it to me ah he shot me that
was so funny
let's see all these reaction in slow-mo
stand right here okay okay okay you try
eh eh i oh good job here shoot data ah
so cute oh my gosh shoot him
okay poppy go ahead where is he Oh
theories shoot him good job alright you
guys so we've been working on something
for a couple of weeks bolt mostly miss
he has been working on something she's
amazing we're having a Halloween party
and it's kind of people very very scary
and very fun so I'm climbing up to the
attic so I can give you guys an idea of
what exactly is happening in our garage
right now babe what did you do
four days good job yeah we like to have
fun you guys this is gonna be fun so
that's just a little bit of something
that's happening right now I'm lost in
the maze you guys help me
my wife has some crazy ideas you guys oh
hey guys I have been going like crazy
all day I'm so exhausted but I'm having
a lot of fun like you guys know I'm
planning a huge party as usual again I
feel like I'm like a party planner right
now Sydney J you do not hit your auntie
yeah just like salami again we went
Ben's actually getting quite a little
attitude it's not an attitude B's just
getting a personality I guess exactly
anyways we're now on a toy store and I
can't tell you why we're a toy store but
maybe you can take a good guess I'm
looking for something that'll make my
haunted maze even creepier you see those
bags into my eyes oh I'm so tired
Cassie I'm kind of thinking oh that way
I see him I see him okay
anyways yes we're shopping again some
stuff done and then we're headed home to
see how everything looks in the dark my
sister is a child everyone all he's not
even here and she has to play the game
I'm really dying to know she was
oh so close
yes oh my god she's not gonna try again
no no she's not
Oh Cassie
she goes there she goes no no no no
ordered some Chinese food for dinner yet
Finn is eating a waffle how is it dude
you're so cute is he just walked in from
the garage and he goes like this oh hi
oh hi remember me oh hi hi hi yes I see
you babe I've missed you all day she's
been so busy stop with you know busy
like as soon as I put finger bed it's
like go time
today was go time babe yeah sometimes we
like to take on projects that are
probably bigger when we should take the
party that we're having that's that's
your honey chicken yeah it might be a
little big so but I think it's gonna be
really fun we love a challenge I guess I
do love each other and I always say like
us like our busiest week but it's like
whatever it's your life they're like ooh
this is house beef which we've never
tried before but it's actually really
good I can't believe you from PF Changs
which he didn't get yesterday for your
birthday I'm sorry ready to go to bed
he's ready to go to bed what's happening
out here ooh spooky
Missy's working on spooky stuff this
kids ready for bed Holly it's green out
here
check it out you guys I'm officially
basic both the kids are in bed and I
have been hanging out on our new piano
and I found this amazing app it's called
simply piano so the iPad listens to the
notes as I play on the piano so it knows
if I'm playing them correctly or not
it's basically just like trying to skill
your fingers to do what the sheet music
wants you to do so it was actually fun I
played ode to joy' and a couple other
songs and I completely learned all the
notes on my right hand so that's fine
yeah we'll see if I keep it up I don't
feel like I connect a little more with
piano then guitar just I feel like
physically the piano is easier to play
than the guitar but that's just me I
guess but what instrument do you play
or what's an instrument that you've
always wanted to play let me know in the
comments below because I would love to
read some of your guys's responses all
right I am finally slowing down for the
night is midnight I've got a lot of
things done today though so it was
really nice Brian's music video came out
and I'm so proud of him it is such a
awesome music video so cool I think it's
cool that you guys are seeing kind of
stories that we've somewhat told but a
little bit more in detail but we have a
lot more to like there's a lot more
music videos that are going to tell a
lot more stories that you've heard but
once we put it in real life
it's just really cool so yeah anyways
we're going to go ahead and go to bed
and the vlog so make sure you give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
we'll see you guys tomorrow
you
