it's okay but we have to pick a fun toy
for CJK I know you smile wherever you
are that's what ever wanna be all
Oh
I'm forever
me
good morning guys we are off to swim
class excited I am me your Ironman
Ironman is going to swim class today
it's actually really nice because we've
been on vacation and a trip for the past
week and it's cool that we literally got
back yesterday and this morning we are
back to our routine so we are back to
regular live we were back to swim Pass
and it feels really nice but I'm a
little worried today we've had two
teachers at the swim class and the first
one was Miss Kylie and she was an
amazing teacher she was so sweet and so
nice with oli and honestly I feel like
she's really what gave oli the love of
swimming that he truly does have and
then we met Miss Sam and she has been so
amazing also the sweetest kindest most
patient teacher that we've had she's and
she's also great for his age and for
like what he's good at like his
abilities but they have both moved on
Miss Sam is officially done at swim
school so now we have a new teacher I
think I was excited and I'm really
nervous I hope she likes him I hope he
likes her I hope that he's patient and
kind and I don't know I'm just super
nervous about it because sometimes I
think a teacher could make or break a
child's love for whatever they're doing
we're gonna go in the classroom with me
his new teacher and hopefully all goes
well we will see are you excited to meet
your new teacher poor fans passed out
ollie
what do you do are you cockle doing
doing chuckle do we do caught the
cockadoodledoo hey Finney is out he's
not one way oh no now he's mad all right
dude let's go so to change Ollie into
back into his clothes and tennis shoes
because he's about to do a float test
the survival float test
when you fall in the corner usually
bully laughs yeah so this should be
really interesting he's about to jump it
with all his clothes on and they're
gonna see if he'll still be able to
float Ollie you passed your flow test
you did so good out there
good job all right go get back in the
water the second is Tim toes didn't
these days ready to go
good morning guys first day back at the
house and we have a lot of stuff to do
so I've been in my office working on my
computer answering emails and getting
schedule stuff figured out for the next
couple of months because as you guys
know I'm going to be releasing my first
album very soon and for those of you who
have joined my new website Bryan Lanning
music.com you guys know when all that is
happening I feel it's like it's like a
top-secret Club we've got going on over
there but it's been incredible we've had
over 10,000 people sign up for the site
which is so fun because I am going
through everyone's comments and reading
and replying back and they're getting to
see things before everyone else so I
think that's really awesome so if you
have not signed up for my new fan club
go to Bryan Lanning music.com and sign
up but we have some really exciting
things coming up for the next couple of
days so I'm getting all that in order
Missy is that swim with the boys but I
am very excited to see them hey buddy
you eaten some lunch what Jillian Oh
Mikey my could cheese so I heard that
you got a very special award at swim you
got an award because he passed the swim
to shore float test that's amazing they
threw you in with all your clothes on
Wow and you floated Wow dude high five
that's amazing I'm so proud of this boy
he's so amazing he wants to pick a toy
now yeah but you got a tattoo right Wow
Casey whoa what is it I kept Patti
it's a pirate tattoo yes punch board
pirates cool yeah that's really neat
ally good job I'm seriously so proud of
this kid you guys he is doing so well
with swimming
I don't know ward it's amazing I wanna
frame this and put it next to the photo
of him floating which I'll put on the
screen cuz that's incredible no toys
downstairs there are no toys down there
- so that you're fighting alien Wow all
right well these guys are standing guard
for the alien so they
you can't get yeah I got my hey we got
our sword that's my buzz while you're
are maybe middle we'll get you your
laser can't reach me now no I must
rescue that alien from the human child
no one deserves a death like that you
save me ah child is attacking me pink
not you out there got you
good morning mr. Finnegan how'd you
sleep good you woke up with a big ol
smile on aspect may have sang him Adele
when I woke him up so I might have had
something to do that you wanna go see
mama here we go here we go he just sees
you at his face lights up it's so cute
it's so cute mom I missed you oh good
all that love what are you playing with
hair mr. Toy Story toys show me who you
got a helicopter car hey oh did you make
this helicopter car yeah wow that's
pretty genius what else you got
hi guy okay and baby let's baby Rex Oh
bullseye bullseye okay okay well that's
a big truck whoa yes whatever yeah
that's pretty cool
come on Blackie
I remember I remember Jesse yeah Oh
howdy mr. dinosaur
how are you doing today rah the dinosaur
a Jesse alright you guys I need a
haircut look at it look at it it's crazy
it's so long it's driving me crazy
this has been long overdue I think it's
like it got crazy because during music
video filming I had my barber on set
cutting my hair so I think it was cut
where like this was short but this was
longer on top so it just got crazy when
I'm just long overdue so going in detain
this beast that is right here the boys
are in the cart and we're headed to
target that's our favorite place hot
Boyz yeah you probably should sit down
but today I'm headed into target right
now I had a nice nap now I gotta get to
shooting duck
OOP alright so we are shopping for some
groceries right now but something that I
really needed is bottles I am officially
going to start weeding now just tell me
something I'll talk about on my channel
but basically finish is crazy and I just
feel like he just sees me and it's like
wants to eat constantly so I'm basically
I'm gonna start weaning using a bottle
and I know he would be like such a
happier baby if he just took a binky but
he doesn't take a binky he doesn't take
a bottle and so just gonna start putting
him on bottle and hopefully he will stop
wanting to nurse so much
and voila just like that I feel like a
brand-new man with my brand new haircut
I am now walking into Super Target to
meet up with boys and she's doing some
shopping here and I was close by so I'm
gonna come and help her out
cuz shopping with two boys in Super
Target is no easy feat let me tell you
guys case in point right here I was just
saying how it's not easy to shop with
two boys
Ollie what be what oh he just wants all
the toys
it's a procedure right now and it's not
getting any toy so it's okay but we have
to pick a fun toy for CJK I know you
smile King when you dinky your bottle
you pretty happy boy huh yeah he's
drinking whole milk oh is it so yummy
not happy yeah so like I was saying at
the store I'm kind of doing it a little
bit weird I know a lot of people like
obviously have a bottle when they're a
little little but I just never did it
and I was perfectly happy with it it
this worked with ollie so I'm gonna kind
of basically do what he guess kind of
wean him onto a bottle I wish this kid
would have taken a pacifier I would have
loved that I think it would have really
helped him have something to like just
suck on and keep him happy
that didn't happen so but are you
actually loving this bottle you love it
don't you
so I am breaking out all the Christmas
stuff and we just changed the batteries
on this little reindeer although you
remember this guy from last year yeah
okay let's see what Finn thinks like
scared of it I like oh my gosh oh it's
cool fan give me kiss ah yeah I'll leave
Shalini what Disney Chuck Chad Chad the
reindeer chattering here all right let's
see it it's coming right for ya
Tama we've got your Christmas sweaters
we put it on come we're conga okay yeah
like a Superman cape huh yeah like red
like it let's see Karma
okay give us a little a little show oh
you look so good oh and you like his
sweater I think he needs a Santa hat
Holly yeah we put the kids in the shower
and we're hoping that they go to bed
early tonight because Missy and I wanna
do some pirate thing
which basically means put up Christmas
decoration by the way we moved the tree
from there to there also funny story we
ordered pizza tonight because the dinner
I made was not very good so we ordered
pizza and the pizza delivery guy opened
the door and he saw the tree he was like
oh so you guys are just skipping
Thanksgiving and I said yeah no I
actually said we'd like to eat our
turkey by the tree what's going on in
here Missy yeah we're going through all
our old and new Christmas decorations
and that kind of just all over the place
look at all these cool things though
just makes it feel so warm and cozy
what's that
Wow yeah the dinner I made was black so
we ordered pizza that's usually better
and the best thing is the kids are going
to bed so they're not gonna eat it all
Missy we have all this pizza to
ourselves oh look at the carolers it's
cute and look at our poor little
reindeer am i going back together lost
her leg just glue it right there what
does it made out of paper
you know styrofoam Hey Dude um with the
overnight yeah yeah finish sleeping
several he's afraid I say that wall very
quiet okay I have been decorating all
night and it's funny time for this one
to go to bed you ready Olli one two
three
hey Olli you know what we have a fun day
planned why are you excited what do you
think we're gonna do okay nope
Mencap yes well no see hey mama hey mama
I love you
yeah to get the video thumbs up
you
