wherever you are that's where I wanna be
I am
trevor you're with
good morning ollie you know what day is
today its face applies in birthdays we
already did his birthday party but today
we're gonna celebrate his birthday with
the family and have some fun and maybe
even have some cake and open the
presents you want to say happy birthday
to Finn yeah okay say happy birthday
Finn hi buddy you're one Danai say one
one one you're one and we're gonna sing
a happy birthday okay
and daddy will be home later so we can
open presents and have cake okay
all right Finn I've made you a full cake
I mean pancake and robberies with
whipped cream birthday cake and we're
gonna sing you happy birthday
nah buddy Ally yeah happy birthday you
guys think - okay ready happy birthday
to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear face
in happy birthday to you oh my gosh this
is a fire keep though it out oh oh did
you make your wish
do you want to eat your cake now your
pancakes mmm again buddy
it's all yours alright guys we've eaten
breakfast we've showered and we are
still getting rights today but I had to
show you this cute thing Finn has been
really into giving kisses kind of kiss
face
mm-wha now Finn give me a kiss mwah oh
my okay how about you guys kiss oh I
love you guys
Finn just learned how to do that and he
loves it huh
do you want my kiss mm don't it's over
anyways we are playing in the playroom
today and we're just gonna hang out I
actually got to get a few things done in
the house and then Brian should be home
sometime today I don't think he's going
home too late so that'll be nice and we
can hang out with him and do a little
birthday stuff
hi thank you God
although the house now so fin it just
got done taking his little birthday nap
and he's gonna come out and I think he's
gonna be just SuperDuper cute I'm
actually excited about it we are getting
ready for a little birthday party
Brian's gonna be here soon it could be
fun of course find always way stop
crying soon yeah I'm out of bed buddy
body it's your birthday I mean it is
your birthday you can cry if you want to
wow you are so cute all right let's get
you dressed you ready for your birthday
party cake
you
Jeffrey likes to travel with the most
heaviest things in the world merely dude
I tried to pick that thing up I could
not do it yeah not to that what up guys
I am back in sunny Southern California
but it actually doesn't look too sunny
it's actually really cloudy looks nice
had a pretty amazing flight because I
slept through both of them which I
desperately needed cuz I got probably
like 35 minutes of sleep last night
before I had to leave but still and
rested and now we're gonna head back to
the house and it's Finn's birthday and I
want to see him so bad and I miss my
family we are headed that way so you
kissed him all on the face
are you guys ready to see the birthday
boy look at him in me come on
he's a doggie he's so good hey puppy hey
puppy
hi buddy watch yourself in the mirror
come left who's that little boy he's
like mom what am I dressed like what do
you think a dad you think Hannah kind of
cute mmm see woof woof woof woof
the birthday boy is coming out you guys
ready to see the birthday boy dog and
you it only what are you thinking hey
happy birthday Buffy bin good kisses
kisses hahahaha done that with a little
tail I love you dolly
that's my truck now oh I made a little
fat
knowing all that
so we're good Tory said daddy did you
miss him did you miss me hey we kiss
I got a doggie right here you still
dougie ever hi Kiki daddy kiss good
etiquette mmm do you give me kiss mmm
oh yeah this has been happening all day
been gizzy because she always Anzhi the
lines when they give kisses oh my god
it's your birthday did you say happy
birthday thing happy birthday thing any
of you oh yeah yeah our little boy is
one today can you believe it ma'am no
he's still baby it's crazy too because
it's kind of like a rainy rainy and
stormy outside and that was like how it
was when he came and Adele had just
released hello hello that song will
always be my labor song and then we
played it in the in the hospital when
you were stubborn you're like I'm not
coming out for like two more days guys
now you're one and you're such an
amazing little boy I feel like he's
grown up so much since I even last saw
him I'm just seriously him just walking
around and said door it's like we got a
new little puppy that poops in a diaper
I mean that's pretty convenient
oh listen up listen to the sky look at
this little puppy dog climbing up here
all on his own it's a puppy dog huh it's
like we got a new puppy for your
birthday but it's you look I'm climbing
up having so much fun fit that booty
look at that booty
hey spider-man hey you gonna go down the
fight fin oh there you go you sit there
you go and now slide whoo
you
all right so we've already done Finn's
official birthday party but we've done
like a small gathering with our family
and we're reasoning as a smash cake
because the first smash cake did not go
well it was an orange pumpkin and I
think he was scared of the orange and he
was like heck no maybe he was overtired
I don't know so we're gonna redo this
and see if it works all right and it's
like very simple I made the frosting so
it's not too sweet are you ready okay
here we go
and happy birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear Finnegan
happy birthday to you can't make your
third wish
all right dig in you wanna try it yeah
hey buddy
mmm so definitely show me I am give
 you like the frosting
apparently our little fitness a little
too sophisticated for us he needs four
yeah oh there you go how is it now how's
the cake y-yeah so this happened
he says when you're done you're done
what happened dude he actually ate like
habit we're getting out coming over here
to like show you how mighty egg he did
so good then this happened yeah yay good
job buddy happy birthday happy birthday
buddy I have some things that I brought
you from Canada okay well I brought it
for a lot of people but I have something
for you too okay first of all this is
for me go give that to me me it's copy a
copy you is Canada Oh Canada Oh Ben's
like hey what's in here for me um I got
this Oh Oh what is it you know what it
is that's a sickle sir
he's buddy the elf this for uncle I
couldn't what is that yeah do you want
something for you
are you sure okay see right there close
your eyes close your eyes close them
open what is it oh honey not it's a
moose look yeah guess what Ollie it's a
moose poop yeah yummy let me try to miss
popping out a while yeah oh it was
coyote pooping out a while this isn't a
moose - we'll eat some of this tomorrow
- and I have one more thing for you Kay
I have something for both you and Finn
okay then this one's were you look at
that
okay he's like that I'd like some moose
poop I'll take this and I have one like
you little moose yeah this one's for you
ah got a cute little moose you're
welcome give me a kiss kiss your moose I
have a present from one of the meetups I
went to see you can open that look what
I got for you what mama dad I got for
you look what we got
oh hi Richard laughs fine look at all
the little pieces
what is that cars can you want some help
oh that's so cool say thank you we got
some cool cars
yeah and Finn look what else we have
this is something that you could play
with Ollie with its paw patrol pop-up
game
mm he's like I really like the openness
pirate ship you want to play with all
these little pirates and look at there's
a crocodile
mm-hmm I don't know why I'm making that
easy do you like it hey open it up can
someone get better pair scissors go give
it to Papa Papa always opens the
presents then I also got you a magnet
does it need a magnet raise him in
Canada look who's coming back
hi
check it out Messi made pumpkin seeds if
you guys didn't know pumpkin seeds are
one of the best midnight snacks I think
that I've ever existed since the history
of man anyway both the kids are asleep
and it feels so stinking good to finally
be home to be in my house with my boys
with my wife I love it feels amazing so
yeah hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I did be sure to hit thumbs up and
subscribe your comment and we'll see you
