before today's vlog starts I want to let
you guys know that my brand new website
Bryan Lanning music is now live there's
lyrics photos exclusive videos and check
this out you guys the kings and queens
fan club if you guys go to my new
website right now with the link down
below in the description you can sign up
for the kings and queens fan club to get
exclusive content like photos videos
blog posts really fun stuff that we're
doing over there on the website right
now and if you go over there right now
and you sign up you are going to get an
exclusive first look at the album art
for my debut album us as well as the
track listing so if you guys want to see
all that before anybody else does and
get a lot more information about the
album coming up please click that link
down below in the description and sign
up now onto today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
one side big
Oh
holder ever
good morning guys you got calcium Corbin
for just a few more hours we are
spending our last day in Seattle and
it's so nice out the weather is so like
crisp and cold but it feels so nice
Holly looks so cute today hey hey he's
looking very snazzy and warm which is
nice yeah
Ben was looking cuter but he just tends
to take clothes off gonna get your
clothes on bro it's cold ooh he doesn't
keep his shoes on you won't put a
blanket on he cries when I put a jacket
on it's just crazy
one thing we have to every single year
when we're in Seattle is go to the gum
wall and if you guys recall last year a
couple days after we left they cleaned
it all up
obviously they leave our mark once again
Ollie do you remember that place with
all the nasty gum yeah that's where
we're going well
look at this
what is all that it it's yucky gum that
is for sure
you want to lick it he doesn't want to
lick it this looks like a good spot to
put some gum on this wall right here
next to this weird-looking thing you
want to stick it okay stick your gum
right there and push it on the wall good
job already
all right I'll be my gum right there
babe your nerf your turn that grows and
that ladies and gentlemen is how you
leave your mark on yeah come on only
let's go wash our hair
I have never related to a sign so much
potty break accomplished huh yeah let's
go you're so cool dude I'm gonna go on a
ride we'll see if we can okay all he's
riding a big old pig this is a giant
piggy bank
not cool Olly oh my god oh that one's
falling
look at that
there's an octopus huh
so fun exploring all this now with Olli
because he just wants to know what
everything is he's kind of like taking
everything in for the first time I feel
like he's finally old enough to be like
what's going on yeah okay show me
something buddy look at that birdie
right there I've seen this store so many
times I don't think we've ever gone in
play around the corner yeah but this is
actually the very first Starbucks store
ever Missy you're gonna get a tuxedo hot
chocolate like to get something
you are always up to mischief put that
back on there buddy there you go
let's leave it like that kay so why'd
you order babe hot chocolate
Casino chocolate and I got a cool puff
that says tightly and I got a mocha and
it feels really good right here and Finn
what'd you get triple shot caramel
caramel expresso macchiato something
like that yeah look at these boxes
they're so cool huh fancy cup babe
so we're in a little shop right now
called Crow Ski prosky it is so like we
could not walk past it was so good so we
got in a little apple cinnamon like what
was this like a cinnamon roll almost
yeah and then like a ham and cheese
brownie and filled with spinach ham and
she looks so good it's like so delicious
right it's so tiny in here look what you
made me afford
well guess what we're gonna go right on
that big old wheel out there are you so
excited
and you so excited do waiting for this
all day Holly do you see what's above
you it's so big
are you ready to go on it it's not a
baby uh-huh you want to go all the way
up to the top okay
there it is it might be but you have
mama and Dada with you okay it's a big
ol wheel it's a big ol wheel fan this is
his first time huh Miyuki master bee
come on in it's nice and warm have the
heater on
Oh No
oh my god is so scary we're doing dude I
go specific whoa going all the way all
the way up it's like what do you think
Ben we've been making all of a sudden oh
I'm teeny I mean he came is warm clothes
on you don't think it's scary Olly
okay yeah no can you say seattle seattle
no say C and then say Adil Seattle
it is a cool ride huh
Ben's all nice and warm and cozy now
going up one two more times and whatever
you do Ollie don't fart because it will
be contained in this box okay
no farty hey look at these boys you guys
like exploring together
that's the ocean it's not scary
all right oli how was it was it fun and
did you think it was scary
no okay cool
we are now checking out the Seattle
Aquarium which we have been here before
but it's so fun coming here now with
Ollie who's three and it's just like so
much cooler Ollie what do you think of
all this
the fishies is so many in here and we're
here with the Sly Fox crew and we are
waiting for the Johnson crew and we're
gonna go check out all the fish what do
you think it does fishy spin that's
pretty cool like I just want you you
don't care about this if you want to
catch a pigeon look there's a rockfish
down there I see them that fish looks
exactly like a rock you see him this one
is missing an eyeball on this side that
is crazy I love when they let you touch
the fishies
that spikey I mean I seen a few laughs
oh it's squishy you guys how's it feel
Ally
a strawberry all right here's one and
look at you can actually see a wiggling
right now you guys so I'm gonna touch it
whoa it's grabbing on to me oh oh we
have a cute little stingray don't we
this is seriously beautiful you guys
look at this it's like a whole different
world an underwater world so many colors
and shapes it's incredible this is so
cool look at all these jellyfish Finn
loves the jellyfish and he loves being a
jellyfish look at that cute little
jellyfish oh it's got you you're gonna
be all wrapped up in those tentacles oh
and here's the real octopus right here
that is so cool octopuses are really
really cool especially seen finding dory
you know all about octopuses huh oh
hello little brother hi baby
yeah you're gonna be Buzz Lightyear all
right he got wings from a viewer at
blogger fair and he sees them I told me
get over Michael can't handle that is so
funny
we just finished packing so we have all
of the suitcases ready to go we got so
many presents from you guys at our knees
three totally amazing you guys blew my
mind so we're taking them all home we
will go through all of them tomorrow
okay okay okay can you say thank you
all right go watch Disney Junior you
watching Princess Sophia yes we got
Princess Sophia on we've had such a long
crazy day we have not stopped going
since and looking look how much energy
this kid still has
chill out bro don't you know it's
bedtime did you have fun first time in
Seattle thin Hills this first time in
Fierro yes they think you did have fun
didn't you look how cute he is you guys
cute I just love this kid oh I hear the
sound machine that means it's time go
see mama
good night then hey Olli did you enjoy
Seattle yeah hey did you like the big
wheel that was probably really fun huh
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed watching
our trip to Seattle as well let me know
in the comments what was your favorite
thing that you saw us do tomorrow we are
going home so excited to sleep in my bed
how about you he's like no guys your
beds been really comfortable he's been
sneaking in every night class alright
hope you guys enjoyed this video be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe
leave a comment please go check out my
new music website with the link down
below we'll see him in the alley at
manana I was weird ollie what'd he say
