hey guys before today's vlog starts I
just wanted to say a huge huge thank you
to everyone who celebrated the release
of my new single with me yesterday for
everyone who bought the song on iTunes
or Google Play or Amazon you guys are
amazing and I've been reading your
comments and tweets for like the past 36
hours and I'm just completely blown away
by the support I love that you guys are
loving this new direction I'm headed in
that you like the new sound and that you
can relate and you like genuinely liked
the song it this is why I do I do it for
you guys so that you guys can enjoy the
music along with myself so huge thank
you to everyone who bought the single
and if you haven't bought it I will have
download links down below in the
description it just feels completely
surreal to be here in Toronto getting to
perform new music getting to show off a
new music video and getting to release a
single for you guys so thank you guys
for seriously an amazing 36 hours you
guys got me to 23 on the pop iTunes
charts which is simply incredible so
thank you guys now onto today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
come round
good morning guys we are out already
we're headed to breakfast Bret the
original House of Pancakes or you know
the original pancake house huh and now
we're just waiting for Natalia cuz she
also doesn't have a husband this weekend
and so we're probably to do a lot of
stuff together and my brother is
actually here but he went to the car to
grab something and look at this we've
already had a spill you had a nice white
shirt on which is mommy's mistake I
shouldn't put that on you you have
chocolate all over you
chocolate there you're talking right
there it is you've already had your
chocolate milk Avinu the good he's
drinking fresh orange juice important
all right he's got to wash down the
orange juice
all right we have some free time this
morning hahaha that's not morning right
going oh yeah we have a little bit of
free time so we're exploring Toronto and
it is quite chilly but also it's
bustling man I love the city and I
cannot wait to come back with Missy
I wonder if they know that most of those
lights are out just ordered some brunch
breakfast lunch whatever you call it at
3:00 p.m.
chicken and waffles on fleek guys all
right we've made it to Costco and it is
crazy here is helium madhouse Natalia's
behind me we're gonna tension grocery
shopping done got my brother here for
backup and the kid I ended up changing
his shirt because I put both them in
white like thinking and said he's still
like a total mess
tell me what we're doing it doesn't go
to sake grocery shopping Hey okay
Diahann house here look so this is your
football nice one which way thank you
hey hey the ball good - suck it
but these cards are you still vlogging
yeah my gosh that's me fun later
coming to Costco on a Saturday is kind
of crazy but this is why you do it all
the samples we have so many samples and
where the crowds are gathering that's
where the samples are
all right we have a couple of hours
until we have to head to the rehearsal
so we teamed up with the band and
Jeffrey and we're going to Ripley's
Aquarium of Canada Canada query um of
Canada check out you guys it's the Space
Needle just kidding
CN tower Toronto Canada that's cool
it's a giant antenna yeah
Ripley's Aquarium of Canada and look at
this view of the buildings behind at you
guys it seriously looks fake looks like
something from like some sci-fi movie
school ROG Roger Center right here
CN tower Ripley's the city is so cool
Jeffrey's trying to get a pigeon shot as
cool as when I got earlier look at him
good he's trying on so cute
okay cut this is coffins and go right
now to get that last photo of me just
saw you guys cool haha there you go
that's it watch out Ryan just put your
finger in pick him for they come here
they come
oh did nibble on you
these fish are fierce a little bit of
Collin oh dude that one looks crazy
I think it probably tastes like chicken
and waffles like this we're such a
rebels dude wait maybe that's don't tap
on the glass yeah yeah that must mean
don't tap on the glass wired yes what we
were doing it's redundant groceries me
and my brother is gonna take Finn home
cuz he's asleep look who else is asleep
all he is and we're getting his hair cut
his hair is so thinking long and bad so
I'm gonna take him now even though he is
he is passed out that's the waist got
fun alright you woke up hi you ready for
your haircut you're excited good and you
woke up in a good mood that's always
good
yeah time for your haircut
all right let's see your new do oh it
looks so good it's we just got done and
my brother actually took Finn in all our
groceries home so that was really nice
yeah now my sister is coming to pick us
up so we're waiting and he is just been
fighting all kinds of stuff and he
really wants to show you so I'm gonna
let him show you guys all the cool
things he's been fighting ready yeah
okay here you take the camera okay
beginning you're gonna go pet it no
thank you it's too scary it's a good
spider okay I'll try and pet it oh it is
a good spider wrap he's gonna get me
oh my gosh who's that oh my god
it's my turn
let's go shoot that bond
look at that bar I'll come back for you
me the line it si si IH I'm Marvin it's
more than life for you at for me oh no
it's cut devil Hey look at Juventus look
at are your thoughts if I die your head
it might be a dollar my hand scotia
diocese okay okay okay
- you uh-oh oh my goodness I've missed
my backyard so much hi boys throw it
Finn throw it you want it dear yeah I
feel like it's just been so long since
I've gotten to just play with the kids
in the backyard but my chicken coop is
doing good look at all this stuff is
growing like crazy we've even got some
bloomin lavender which is kind of fun my
strawberries on the other hand might be
getting pretty crispy I thought that
they were protected by the Sun the Sun
sets over there and rises over there I
don't I guess that is a lot of Sun coz
they are pretty crispy Oh see I'm not
sure how are you guys doing mr. Lonnie
has been been doing some major
cockadoodle doing lately if you guys
don't know he's definitely a rooster
he's not mean yet and his will do
it doing does not annoy me we'll see him
no they're fake eggs that they're
helping him teach him how to lay I'm
kind of getting pretty impatient so hey
can you please make one of those Bri
Susan I would have thought Bri would
have done it by now I've always had
trust in breeding holly has been all
over the yard looking for more dinah
waves even founding in a while ha dude I
won't get on your ginger and with
Angie
oh you can check if you want
hey Missy I'm he's gonna check over here
oh he's checking over here for Dino eggs
yeah check over there yeah see if you
can find any Jana Wiggs just the only
thing that's oh yeah cool
well is Dinah poops I bet the Dino was
around here putting an egg hi muck I'll
look around first Dino eggs let me know
if you find anything kay oh really okay
all right I'll dig 100 Johan they're
gonna suck with your hands look dig with
your hands oh oh my god like right they
are wetting it just right I knew there
is a dinosaur I saw Dino poop and I was
like there's got to be a dino egg around
here we go crack it open
yeah let's Finn would really like to
find a dino egg - poor Finn he's so
little
notice my cheek was it Dino eggs huh
you're finding thing Finn nothing yet
always became such a professional that
he literally came over here pounded it
for like two seconds and it's out we're
gonna need to find some harder eggs did
crack open yes concrete Paisley I need
buy more oh my gosh we've said that if
we let him he could find like nine Dino
eggs crack them all open keep him busy
but yeah he found a little t-rex this is
a really cool t-rex Olli I have so many
of these all over my house that I step
on them and then I just throw them away
all right we are backstage at the much a
buffer festival live dressing room do
you look at our dressing room I know I'm
sure Norma it's crazy because this is
like skinny mirror this
oh yeah dude this mirror makes me look
good the schmear makes my face look all
clear yeah we have a huge dressing room
which means more room for activities we
should do yoga we should take naps
before our performance actually that
sounds great
so tonight I'm performing for the much
buffer festival live concert and I'm
gonna be premiering a new music video
that you guys will see soon they're
gonna get get a little early taste and
then I'm performing some new music which
is so much fun to perform live is this
music feels so much more like me and my
style so it's it's really fun to perform
but the show just started we're not on
until last so we had some time to kill
dang when Ryan's got a camera on him he
knows how to perform dude oh look
Geoffrey's like pay attention to me I
wanted to teach him you guys are so cool
my whole band is so cool Gus is in his
gym shorts cuz he was doing some yoga
show me a move dude dude what she got
ready I thought I was kind of all the
way back her Hidden Dragon do it it's
getting close to Showtime
people right there it's not people over
there
I'm very ready
oh look at all these cool peeps coming
they shot him hi oli oli is currently
taking a bath in Orbeez with Cassie for
one of her videos all right guys we have
had such a day kid has passed out he
just played so hard
we give today's video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys well
bye
