germs he will eat it all oh he's got so
many teeth he'll bite you
careful careful with those whatever you
are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
comes around
hello Seattle
good morning ollie how'd you sleep last
night
good good morning fan how'd you sleep
last night
he slept really good we eating a pancake
yeah that's awesome we're in Seattle hey
Ollie we're in Seattle yeah we're not
going to Seattle we're in Seattle
there's a difference
good morning guys we are up we are in
Seattle and we just ordered some
breakfast we have Kelsey in Corbin
joining us as well I got an omelet I've
had an omelet in a long time and that
looks really good well we have a busy
day in Seattle today we're gonna head up
to blogger day and then we're gonna get
to explore the city a little bit but
this is Finn's first time in Seattle
even though we've been here yeah you
want to see the Space Needle bro is that
a cheerio you just put on your mouth in
your mouth yeah this morning he woke up
and went into my computer bag and took
out a ziploc bag of Cheerios and dumped
the entire thing inside of my computer
bag oh oh I basically had to dump the
whole thing down and now there's little
Cheerios everywhere so it's like little
surprises for the kids when they find
them
look at Kelsey and Corbin getting some
training in yeah oh hi Ali
hey can you walk just a little bit that
way thank you
- put the sweatpants on before the ones
it happens to the best of us that
happens to the best of us let me see do
you make it go rah rah Ali do you see
what's ahead of us right now what is
that up there it's a bridge look at that
that is a big ol bridge so cool we are
in downtown Seattle right now headed to
Adobe headquarters actually Adobe bro
that's like what we do used to like
Photoshop that's where vlogger day is
held and it's just so beautiful right
now it's definitely fall in Seattle look
at the boats
look at those boats not cool you do one
year we were here we did this thing
called the Duck Tours and we actually
did go into the water and it was really
cool we may have to do something like
that again
do you like the boats yeah there's a
boat right there a person lives there
probably
all right so we are here at Adobe for
vlogger day and this is the day that
they have people talk and there's panels
they talk all about doing - how to do
YouTube stuff like that what do you want
if you want play toys that pay alright
let's go see what's in there
go go go go they have a room for the
kids so they don't go crazy in here is
their toys under there Hollywood you
find whoa that's cool
alright you guys gonna be cool in here
alright hey Missy someone amazing wants
to say hello it's Granberry I didn't
realize that you guys haven't met before
oh my goodness
you gotta get oli oli come here come
here come here you got a good Granberry
a hug okay give her a big ol squeeze
he will eat it oh he's got so many teeth
he'll bite you careful careful with
those
the tickles he tickling my feet he
tickles ya tickle the tickles
I'm tickle my feet Oliver
we have an emergency yeah we went to
dinner tonight with a bunch of our
friends and we need get dessert we
didn't get dessert why don't we get
dessert oh no oh no I what's wrong with
us oh no I don't know either so I think
we need to order some dessert yeah some
arusian
emergency room service yeah okay what do
you want to order for dessert a squash
yeah thank you it's good say please yeah
what do you want to order fritters
everybody cookies yeah ice cream cookies
ah good you want some hot how about some
cake
hey ice cream candy
Kenji should we yeah popcorn popcorn
truffles chocolate dr. John Boy chuckle
covered strawberries
oh gosh
so bloggers day was a fun and a complete
success and it was really cool hanging
out at Adobe all day and now we were
back at her hotel room pin fell asleep
on the way here so he's asleep the other
one now yeah he's up but you know what I
love hanging out with him Oh with Finn
but Finn is just like a baby you know
yeah all he's so much fun because he
just wants to cuddle and watch TV and a
lot of our day revolves around Finn get
his diaper changed or you know taking
care of Finn and nice and we can have a
little quality time risk puts this one
hey Olli I think crisis is averted yeah
I have never been so excited okay
there's probably a couple times I've
been a little more excited than this
time but I'm very excited about this we
got strawberries and apple pie and
cookies and ice cream which I see you're
already into is it look yummy yeah I'm
so excited about these chocolate-covered
strawberries you guys and the warm
cookies but anyway you guys we're gonna
enjoy our goodies and end today's vlog
but I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up
thumbs up and let us know in the
comments below which one of these would
be your favorite let me know I want to
know alright thanks for watching we'll
see you guys manana Hollywood he say
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh that oop that bonus
clip how is it ollie
good he keeps taking the biggest bites
look at me like of course it's good
chocolate ice cream dad take a bite you
gotta eat all that dude you get it
everywhere are we the best parents ever
for the worse
