let's see you messed up my mannequin
Japan wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe all
Oh
holder ever
what are we doing today ollie we're
going to Seattle but before we do we
gotta say goodbye to your friend right
yeah you want to go give Jackson a hug
and say goodbye okay let's go say bye
bye oh say thanks for letting me play
with your toys you ready to go pay go in
on a trip on our favorite rocket ship
yeah Seattle bro let's do this hah Ellie
Jared you should not be drinking that
what's wrong with now just gonna rot
your teeth kid yeah it's 11 a.m. hey
thank you guys for letting us crash your
house oh my gosh how much fun did we
have we're gonna come back very soon
because we got to do some skiing skiing
right there's a resort just up the road
oh yeah awesome
um so we'll see you guys maybe like a
couple months um give me mine couple
months or hours some like that one
anyway
safe travels thank you guys for making
us breakfast you're amazing
love you guys my hand brother you gonna
go Seattle guys that was not nearly
enough travel all right we are now in
the airport and we are headed to Seattle
and we had so much fun hanging out with
Ellie and Jared I'm so bummed because I
don't know when we're gonna see them
again guys
we only got like a day when this is all
over our baby right now touching our
baby
oh hey oh hey what are you guys doing
here you guys can we're on our way to
see how well we're on our way to Seattle
are you kidding me that's so weird what
we leave in like 30 minutes so do we oh
my same flight I think so they come this
red yep profile like this so Brian like
is so here I just want to kiss you so
much I've never seen so many smiles from
a baby before and even like is so happy
I think he was ready to help help you
ready you ready hugging him showing him
love all right let's go say bye bye
Hollywood are you what are you get here
at Jeremy t-rex true
Thank You day bar hey hey rah rah yo he
says right here are
we have made it to Seattle I love this
city
Corbin and Kelsey are also here they ran
into Macklemore super jealous
hey what you know how to travel don't
you that's awesome
Missy's like basically just the greatest
mom ever I can do it all
let's see you messed up my mannequin job
hey guys we're in Seattle with olives
liqueurs here we got calcium Corbin Ali
and jarred my beautiful life
johnson-graham and Ollie and Peyton are
sleeping
that's convenient we are on the team
Thomas Collins shrimp we got lots of
protein are you gonna try babe yes I'm
actually really excited it's amazing it
feels like a fancy dish but it's not it
but it's called poutine it sounds name
is jared snow manikin oh you got a
unmanned again it's like oh yeah
the poutine has arrived and it smells
amazing
tell me like it yeah she's even better
than it did in Canada this is primo
stuff you guys Ellie and Jared have you
guys tried it no what is it
poutine yeah we ordered three because
it's what happens at me I feel like
people you try and tell me a bit
actually
I would never compare to that but okay
you see it's trying to you know you got
to get one with the gravy and the cheese
on it babe okay okay try it try that one
mrs. chai and poutine right now
it's like such a comfort food thing I
miss Canada oh hey Ollie hey you slept
through dinner are you hungry
yeah he's slept the entire time at
dinner and all the way back and didn't
wake up until just a little bit ago so
we were getting ready for bed an hour
going through the room service menu
because he's like I'm hungry I want
dinner he's go bad he missed out he was
so tired guys yeah we're back at the
hotel room and the larger day is
tomorrow then we have vlogger fair and
we're gonna just enjoy Seattle we've
been to Seattle this is our third time
now right babe third or fourth there's
our third time in Seattle for how many
times we've been to Seattle you guys let
us know in the comments down below you
guys would know game no it's done
another second we did twice before right
I don't know anyway we've been to
Seattle before we love it just a really
fun city lots to do lots to explore
Holly what do you want to see oh he
really wants to see snow that's it's
almost winter time no on the airplane
member we were looking down on the nose
oh you did oh cool and then I said I see
snow but you'll see lots of rain I think
it actually was a little drizzly today
yes is the actual rain yeah Californians
excited to see rain but if you guys have
any suggestions of things that we should
do in Seattle that we haven't done
before please let us know in the
comments down below or you can also
tweet us that'd be awesome cuz I'd love
to do something new but I hope you guys
enjoy today's video if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe and
leave a comment thumbs up we'll see you
guys manana Allie you want to end it all
right go ahead
