the capper you got a butterfly on you
back there man Oh Oh Jackson going on
his no focus these are so cool that's
the cutest thing ever look at your
brother wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe all
so since that big
I am
good morning ollie hey where are we and
where does he live
Utah Utah we are in Utah this morning
you guys Jarrod's parents are here and
they are amazing and they're in the
kitchen cooking his breakfast and guess
what they made you baby pancakes is it
yummy you guys I'm so proud of ollie
right now he's eating able schemers
that's amazing you tried something new
this morning dude if you guys don't know
any every single time we visit Ellie and
Jared we have to have Abel skeevers am I
saying that right by the way well Abel
some say Apple some say Abel Abel tomato
tomahto that's how it is those look
amazing though thank you guys for coming
over and cooking for us and we got we
have a balloon because they no look it
like yeah the professionals yeah they
said your stove runs really hot and
actually so sodas ours it took a long
time to get you yeah but it's there to
die yes these look incredible good
morning lovely people I love these
people
you look cute babe good morning mr.
Finney I bet he will try some Abel
skeevers all he's eating them
I called them baby pancakes just so you
know forewarning but they're don't call
them anything but they
yeah
hey Finny what do you think of your
first aebleskiver he's so excited for it
Calvin's the Internet Jackson's eat in
it hey can you cut up mine please oh
yeah thank you
do you want like quarters or AIDS uh
quarters please yes thank you
all right get out of here get your
fingers on my aebleskiver
some special guests have arrived so
excited a little gay him smiling at you
babe baby fever all of a sudden look at
Colin and Katie you finally arrived the
gang is now complete hey are you kidding
me with that little boy you guys shoes
Lebanon Oh Finn wants to hold his hand
well you look so tan compared today
around to get the summer tan so Q you
guys baby oh my gosh straight-up
jealously happenin right now you're fine
Ben so little babe
oh come see this is Brooks you guys oh
he's cute
he's so cute oh hey he's so smiley I
can't believe it
you're gonna have so much fun with
everyone hi buddy
oh hey ollie do you want to give Gaines
her present okay here you go
hide it from her and then go surprise
her okay
Ragan those absolute for all I have a
present for you days their butterfly
stickers you're going to get Brooks his
present now alright this is Brooks
president make sure you hide it and then
surprise them okay oh my goodness enough
time for baby Brooks right oh my gosh
it's a robot Wow you show me how it
works lazy eye is amazing
Holly picked out presents for all of his
friends games let me see your sticker
you got a butterfly on you Oh Oh Jackson
goodness these are so cool
that's the cutest thing ever look at
your brother it's on his nose so now
that everyone is all here we are having
some fun outside it feels amazing and
Jared just told me he has these amazing
Segway style scooters and I have not
ridden this kind before so I'm gonna
give it a try
okay uh yeah this is this is oh you
can't get in front of me bro I'm run you
over okay here we go here we go whoa
Colin's trying it back there this is
weird because you you steer with your
basically like your hips and your knees
and that's not super comfy I wonder if
this goes higher what is that what is
that for
Jared what is this for please like to
hold it like to pull it so you don't
have to stand up Jared is adjusting my
knee position here so you want it like
right here oh okay that makes way more
sense yeah dude you want to move that up
thanks man
so much different dude hey pay you play
in the bat mo Batmobile let's see you
take off I'm spinning okay go Oh
collision hey ollie you having fun
playing out here yeah
whoa good job did Polly literally just
sits on the longboard and slides down
the street oh
Ellie and Jared are throwing a big ol
house party - and we're having a good
mood so something's about to go down
Ami's here say hi we're doing the
mannequin challenge house is gonna
happen bro I don't know I'm excited
all I know is that I've got a 12-pack of
Dr Pepper then I'm gonna utilize so if
you guys want to what's about to go down
mannequin challenge go check out Jerry's
channel link yeah link down below in
description cuz I'm gonna be really fun
I'm so happy I could you do this I'm
starting it all over the internet dude
this is awesome and different pieces
excited cuz he's got I went to dr.
pepper in his possession
alright we have found our prop Missy is
going to be feeding me grapes oh wait
hey Jared's getting a very important
announcement Jerry likes coming in our
season his wins like really good or like
you think you're all candidate everybody
knows how stuff like so much yes is
clear everybody
okay everyone your residual and three
two one
I can't believe you organized that shout
out to Carl and ginger for bringing
along the Samsung gear VR is that what
it is yeah that's so cool
oli is doing the dinosaur experience and
he loves it you find in dinosaurs here's
something yeah misuk achieve that what
do you see I think it's the what's the
long net one oh you see Brachiosaurus
it's coming it's gonna start coming up
till now and it's gonna like face right
here you can tell it's a great day blue
touch him touch the long neck yeah did
you get him they're gonna plug in hey
Ollie do you have fun playing with your
friends today yeah what was your
favorite part
okay playing with games yeah are you so
happy to be reunited with her in Maine
you got skin oh yeah so I got scared and
I go watch Colin's vlog his channel is
also linked down below so you can see
it's very funny they got really I saw a
monster and I got scared you guys need
to see it stat go watch that and Ollie
what is data eaten oh yeah
strawberry what's it called
it says yes a squishy we were trying to
see if Ollie would want it you want to
try bite okay you just want to squish it
so squishy huh it's this
I'm squishy I was you know who else is
squishy you your son queasy anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
thumbs up and subscribe leave a comment
please check out all our links down
below for all of our friends we had such
an amazing time at Jared and Ellie's
housewarming party so it was a pleasure
to be here tomorrow we're going off to a
new destination do you know where that
is
wha where are we going we got a ca-300
we're headed to Seattle for vlogger fair
hope you guys enjoy today's video thanks
for watching we'll see you manana Holly
what do you say
