let's go knock on the door dr. pepper
pumpkin classic Oh what's up Jackson
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
on
sawsan sad big
Oh
every
good morning hey Ollie what are we doing
today we're going on an airplane you
went on a chip on our favorite rocket
ship breaking through the sky little
Einstein someone's not amused he's just
smiling a second ago and then he's like
oh cheese there goes dad with the
singing and vloging again
alright Ollie everyone wants to know
we're going on an airplane but where are
we going we're gonna go see your friend
Jackson and guess who else is gonna be
there
Gaines and her new brother Brooks we get
to meet bucks babe we're so excited to
get to see all of our friends we're
going to Utah right Utah that's my joke
what do we got Ollie we got some toys
yeah we had to pick out some goodies for
your friends huh okay he's gonna show us
we're walking by the toy store and I
thought it'd be a great opportunity for
him to pick up some toys for all of his
friends so which one do you want to give
gains butterfly stickers okay cool and
then you got a Batman sucker yes that's
cool huh who you want to give that one
to Jackson what do you want to give to
baby Brooks what is that it's a little
wooden robot he'll love playing with
that huh all right and last but not
least what do you want to get for Calvin
yeah it's so much fun picking out toys
you guys is incredible firetruck he'll
love that huh uh-oh all right let's put
everything back in the back so we don't
lose it okay hey good job onto some
presents
oli who's here hey liver here that's
right you guys we actually just picked
them up off the carousel right so that
was a fun ride not going to the baggage
yes
that's right we are so excited because
the Johnsons are also here for our big
Utah trip dude you guys we're in Utah I
know
beautiful hey Jeffrey Utah wait but I'm
shorter oh you're not haha get it ha ha
that's my joke once again look at this
kid he literally told him to go up there
you look at me so no one's using it it's
okay sodadi hey Ollie where are we we're
at Jax's dogs you want to go knock on
the door Kate go knock on the door let's
go knock on the door dr. pepper
pumpkin classic go bang on the door Oh
what's up Jackson hi oh and Calvin
and hey guys hey Jackson are your
parents home yeah yeah can we come in
okay do you remember me yes absolutely
right I love you kiddo I've missed you
holy cow and your guys's new house Ellie
it smells so new oh hi guys holy cow
this is crazy because we were like
talking about this like eight nine
months ago insane they're like they're
gonna build a house and we're gonna come
visit we're like okay have fun build a
house you built a house my hands are so
dude I bet he probably got it like
therapy on these things to hang I'm
really good at building houses dude it
looks amazing smells amazing Hey look at
these kiddos oh there's gonna be so many
kids having so much fun so jared is
giving us a tour of their beautiful new
house and it's seriously amazing and the
kids literally just ran down here look
at this
aah what are you guys doing oh no you
guys having fun oh wow I love this
little cupboard under the stairs check
this out hello yep I will have a
cheeseburger please hey Ellie I really
like your your Disney's your Disney
thing for some reason I just feel really
attached today this piece right here I
don't know why you guys would say things
are pretty good and I think Jared was
just lucky that I was there like four
days later Oh last one it looks awesome
right there too you guys
I'm live on all the three Disney
pictures right here - oh yeah the Carl
and Ellie that's possible Carl I know
right all right kiddos Olly comes with
good tidings and toys you guys want some
toys everyone come over here everyone
come over here all right
Olly went to the store today and picked
up presents for everyone and I think
these ones are for live and pay so you
want to give live and pay their presents
all right take one out that's for live
and who's that one for it's a mermaid in
that cute yeah you've got a surprise for
jackson-esque oh my gosh these kids come
and look it's a little diver for the
bath isn't that cool
all right the other two presents are for
Gaines and Brooks huh yeah we'll have to
wait till they get here they're on their
way right all right we're gonna save
these ones and you can give them to them
when they get here
all right Ollie since you were such a
good boy and you picked out such good
presents for everyone out of the
kindness of your heart right yeah yeah I
reward you with a sucker yeah lookit
isn't that cool
hodgins like yeah I'll take a sucker
probably should have got suckers for all
the kids that's my mom
what you got there Jackson oh that's
awesome
and all he's playing in hair seriously
all these kids are having so much fun
playing I love it I love when you guys
are all together what are you doing
Brittany Tyner scape hey Ollie do you
love hanging out with Jackson oh he's
very protective of his of his sucker huh
he worked really hard for that sucker oh
he's coming for you coming for you yeah
a giant spider yep there's a giant
spider on your car hey I'm Batman dude
sick ride whoa what are you doing right
now
I'm on just oh stop pulling yeah you
ruined it I start this over Brian dang
bro sick ride thanks man
just open on the door for Jeff oh oh
money got my mind on my money and my
money on my mind just a couple of dad's
hopping in a chrysler pacifica you know
how we do hashtag not sponsored well
just close that door and make sure we
check the 360-degree oh yeah kids are in
the way yeah check that 360 hashtag not
sponsored all right you guys me
Jeffrey and Jared are all in the minivan
and we are going to get some dinner for
the ladies brian is uh is you see a
little hot hair let me just uh oh yeah
you can fend out a little bit with some
cool that'd be nice
yeah thank you oh it's cold let me just
turn the heat on sorry I had to this is
a cool minivan
I really really know look at us we're
all grown up gushing over minivans and
pizza what have we become what we become
dads that's what we've become moving up
with dad sounds weird ads we house that
house that backseat
Jeffrey Maxie is it came I can't stock I
got diapers oh yeah I got two TVs so if
I wonder what do play some Checkers
straight-up
I can play checkers yeah who do I fight
not the person sitting next to what so
crazy I love being here in Utah because
the weather feels amazing and it just
has like that old town feel I feel it
has the whole town but young and hip
yeah hey thanks I appreciate it
definitely has like that old like gray
hair for you know out of the King know
what's calling it in dude he's gonna get
in late tonight so I'll probably want
some sticks morning Jim momma shucks
we're gonna see gone tomorrow
that's gonna be amazing but we're headed
to dinner
what is going on down here
oh my god who will win the epic battle
Captain America or Batman I had no idea
he was in this town I do it's so funny
because Ali has all the same costumes
and dresses up in them every single day
like it's rare to see him out of these
costs yeah Oh stand like this I love
dude our boys are saving you oh my
goodness this heroic reunion would not
be complete without the mask this is a
slightly different one but it'll work Oh
Captain America and Batman whoa yes you
did get me you look so cool dude go get
him get him Jackson kitten get it
captain Oh
take out the evil and for Jared amazing
business this is definitely the
highlight of the week right here oh my
gosh oh my gosh
le I don't know how you don't have a
hole in your walls by now
what did you say ollie
yeah Batman eats Batman Pizza all right
let's see some dinner
and so our first day of fun has come to
an end we all just got out of the hot
tub and it felt amazing all right babe
they have the coolest hot tub ever you
guys if you guys want to go see the
craziness that happened in the hot tub
go to their channel link down below in
the description subscribe to them go out
to the video and you guys freakin built
a house thank you
and they've logged the whole thing right
so seriously go you could go to their
Channel and you can watch them build
this house that we're hanging out in
right now he built it with his bare
hands with his bare hands there those
are the humans those are the human hands
but you put your bare hands on and then
you can build it huh
yeah it's pretty incredible Oh uh-huh go
check out Ellie and Jared thanks for
having us you guys thanks for meeting
it's gonna be a fun we oh yes we're
freakin blast because we got the cheese
puffs I literally just ate my first
cheese puffs like five minutes ago
they're not good but I just keep eating
I told you one and you happy more like
it's literally how it works you got to
eat them all like poke one right wait
you don't hate Pokemon okay we get them
you know anyway hope you guys enjoyed
today's video be sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe check out all those
links down below in the description and
we wanna
