hello guys before today's vlog starts we
want to let you know that we are doing a
gender reveal party for Kelsey and
Corbin all the secrets are within this
envelope but we did want to let you guys
know that if you want to be surprised
and you want to go see what the gender
is to go watch Kelsey and Corben's video
and I watch below we don't want to spill
the beans on it but we're probably going
to end up saying what it is towards the
end of this video because obviously
we're revealing it is so special and so
cute so you guys definitely want to
watch it yes so go watch it on their
Channel it's links below now onto
today's blog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all since that big
Oh
every
good morning uh-oh
where's ollie where's ollie
where's ollie I cannot find my son where
is he it's a beautiful day it's time to
wake up and it's time to wake up time to
wake up good morning oh no where's ollie
there he is unaware oh there he is Oh
easy oh where is he where is it other is
ha ha good morning buddy hey guess what
I got a present for you this morning
what do you think it is mothers
our pumpkin muffins your favorite they
make feel better and you love to eat
them yeah you have quite a lot of energy
this morning
there she is career kitty
can you give her a hug oh we got a
catcher catch your kitty cat no you go
ahead catcher good morning guys it's a
beautiful day all your room is a mess
you gonna clean your room up today what
is that
he's grabbed it with his mouth spit out
to you spat to think I hear another
little boy oh there he is hi-yah the
kitty was giving you kisses this morning
huh
what would you find another dice let's
go show mama good morning guys I got
this morning and I was like I'm throwing
a party I need to get dressed and ready
right this second or I'm never gonna get
Justin ready because sometimes when I
get going on parties I just like forget
about everything so I am ready for the
day I've got the boys they woke up they
they did end up
you are eating your oatmeal and Finn's
eating his oatmeal I've got a little bit
of oatmeal here for him which is nearly
impossible sometimes to beat him because
he or she doesn't let me feed him here
he's like mom I can do this myself you
don't need to do it
see he's eating breakfast too I'm eating
breakfast and you can see over here we
are starting to throw a party out a lot
of stuff is fallen I need to figure out
how I'm gonna get the stick on the wall
but what yeah we got marshmallows with
all kinds of yummy stuff we'll show you
a little more about the party as the day
goes on us as things start getting
finished but everything is looking
really good I'm so excited
such beauty such art coming right now
I am I really missed my calling Korea
art the arts that was supposed to say no
party no barking and you put barking gym
literally just whipped together this
sign like nothing because we need a
parking sign we have that really nice
gravel lot down there but sometimes it
just gets a little congested up here
because people forget to park down there
flash it up and my wife is on top of the
table nothing but I know like try not to
mess up your setup what are those Finn
has found the balloons for the
gender-reveal party ah yeah they're
called balloons he's like they're so big
and majestic do you want to play with
them go babe Bam Bam Bam
he's so excited about these balloons you
guys what do you think of that dude
he's ever had a balloon experience like
this most kids are afraid of them so
fascinated Oh see that by going up there
it holds a secret we are getting things
set up for the gender-reveal party and
look at my son let me see your hair dude
so you got pink and you got blue so are
you team blue or team pink a teepee
you're team pink so you think she's
having a girl no she thinks she's having
a boy okay there you have it folks
Olly is team pink but she will be having
a boy and you're gonna go look for tiny
wigs now I like a new hairdo bro so as
I'm looking at all the things that Missy
is setting up for the general reveal
party I'm seeing a trend he or she let's
pop in see sending home small love we
need your guess is it more or is it less
pink or blue it's up to you he or she
come in to see I gotta say I think my
wife is a modern-day dr. Seuss don't you
dude oh you got a sucker I gotta say I'm
not getting used to this hair it's a
little funky huh the party has begun and
I am so excited let me show you I know
Brian's kind of showed you a few things
but basically I've got as you walk in he
or she come in to see and it was hanging
on the door but it kept filling off so I
think this looks good too and then you
walk in you can kind of see like this
whole setup you come here and you have
to guess how many rocks are in the jar
if you think it's a boy you give a name
suggestion for a boy if you think it's a
girl you give it names Justin for a girl
it's mostly just for fun I love this
says hello world and these are this
one's Kelsey oh my gosh this is Corbin
and then that's baby Scott and so cute I
love it and then I love the idea that I
found everything I basically found on
Pinterest but I loved the idea on
Pinterest of having these little boxes
these were supposed to be cotton candy
but we ended up doing something a little
easier rock candy and then you come over
here and you basically get to choose
you know if you think it's a girl or if
you think it's a boy because the theme
is bows or arrows and the party has
begun
we've got Kelsey over here we're having
sandwiches it's not too hungry we told
you to find out yeah well we're not the
way and this is the little setup over
here it says bows or arrows and we've
got all kinds of snacks pink and blue
punch says little boy blue punch and
tickled pink lemonade we've got the cake
the cake does have the color inside
that's kind of fun we got nuts and no
nuts M&Ms got all the Sammy stuff okay
but once we start to the reveal part
we're not going to be revealing it with
the cake we're actually revealing it
outside with this little setup that
we've made and I love it it looks so
cute out there we'll show you a little
bit more later the magic is about to
begin
you guys look at this cute little setup
my wife did she's so cute
everyone gets to be involved he's got a
board here with all the balloons someone
may get to actually reveal the color
that is the gender he'll see a car we
got to go first
and then we'll see who gets the reveal
Kelsey is stepping in for dart numero
uno what if you get it on the first one
that would that would definitely be a
bummer go Cassie go Cassie Oh
what color is it you're having an alien
ready yep
you
you
all right all he's gonna take a turn now
this could get dangerous oh good job
Olli that was quite impressive
come on so we just popped all those and
it wasn't even in there and now they're
gonna pop it in the big bag bullet and
we're gonna doubt
oh my gosh congratulations you guys
Kelson Corbin are having a little girl
how crazy is that
I know I feel like this is gonna be
Missy's little girl this is gonna spoil
her night we're seriously you did all
the door Oh what's up dude we're at your
favorite place in the whole world Super
Target he cried the whole way here look
at this coke art that's Jack Skellington
that's so crazy so we are at Target now
tomorrow is Finn's
first birthday party we're celebrating
it tomorrow and so oli
you have to pick out a present for your
brother huh what is that yeah wow that's
so cool look what I found ollie Toy
Story isn't that cool
all he loves shopping he just walks
around and goes oh my gosh all right it
is now time to find a toy for Finn and
all he's gonna pick one out
oh wow
you think Finn would like that oh this
is really cool but what about for Finn
no you don't get a present Finn gets a
present member Holly what about this one
do you like that one
what's it do it guess who bows here Amy
help oh you put balls in there that
makes sounds and look it's actually a
dinosaur is that something that you and
Finn could have fun with together
call me drinking oh we found a new Baba
game at Target sometimes you'll even
know it's gonna say like yeah
why hello there marshal if you love your
new jammies yeah by fire me put it out
all you look so cute oh you got your
hose
oh no tail guys that is the end of
today's vlog we had such a fun day you
know what Kelsey and Corbin are having
what are they having a happy boy no
they're having a a good girl yeah do you
know her name yeah what's her name
hey Dad gone it's a girl and what's her
name
uh hello Joshua in zoo zoo yeah alrighty
then
alright guys make sure you guys just
subscribe to Kelsey in Corbin I am so
excited for the journey that they're on
right now it's just so much fun I can't
believe our best friends from high
school not only got married but are now
gonna have a baby and she's a girl and
I'm so excited and you better believe I
wouldn't throw that little girl but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure you give it a thumbs up
if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow can you say bye say bye bye
