thing yeah Oh Sookie Oh where's in my
space it's been wherever you are that's
where ever wanna be on
salsa's that big
I am
every
good morning guys my wife woke up this
morning and decided to go crazy and
perch the whole house like bring a bunch
of stuff in because it's Christmas time
oh yeah my god seriously though look at
our pantry behind you it looks
ridiculous bad to get rid of it so I see
is throwing things away organizing
things great things and then we could
decorate that's why Jeff and Talon are
you gonna help us decorate for Christmas
today
it's not too early to decorate for
Christmas
gimme Thanksgiving turkey you really you
think you with a turkey thing that's you
how weird is that holy crap there's so
many look at all of these helicopters
right here you guys we heard them from
inside the house literally rattling our
house right now never seen that in any
it was like literally shaking the house
and I was like we're under attack
I've been dirty to a meeting where
they're like they're these airplanes are
shaking our windows in our airspace is
like big like pretend no they're doing
on they really work they're not a space
dang I was like a swarm bro all right
you guys Oliver and Peyton are running
around the house like crazy Natalia and
Missy are also running around the house
like crazy no they're getting stuff done
but Jeffery and I actually just finished
getting everything done for next weekend
because we are both going to be in
vlogger fair and Seattle we're taking
both our families so all the kids are
going to be there the wives are going to
be there we are going to be there and we
want you guys to be there so if you guys
haven't heard vlogger fairs a little bit
different this year on Saturday the 12th
is going to be vlogger day this is going
to be a separate event so if you
consider yourself a vlogger if you want
to be involved in the industry you want
to learn more about vlogging you
definitely want to go to this day and
also if you want to go to that day
you'll probably want to go to the next
day which is on the 13th which is
vlogger fair where you're going to be
able to meet a bunch of fellow vloggers
there's going to be meet and greets
gonna be a ton of fun if you're just a
fan of watching vlogs then you're going
to want to go to the vlogger fair day on
the 13th so I'm going to have all that
information linked down below in there
scription tickets are very limited this
year it's going to be a smaller more
intimate event which i think means it's
going to be even cooler so we would love
to meet you guys there come to our
Meetup
come say hi to us we are so excited to
be in Seattle get tickets link down
below in the description
hey kiddos what are you guys doing
broken oh yes that is our fire alarm
that I need to rehook up one of the fire
alarms no we have four fire alarms
during the Halloween party the fog
machine was sending up all fire alarms
and the kids were sleeping so we took
them outside stuff to put that one
together you can you fix that you guys
are so cute Peyton you got like all the
stuffed animals ever and then you have
all the dinosaurs and what who's this
okay Skye from paw patrol huh well
that's awesome
alright you guys have fun okay they play
so unbelievably well together it's
insane to see what talent miss you're
doing thing Oh Sookie Oh where's Ben
where's Ben it's Ben
hi guys so we are actually redecorating
Finn's room I've got a new theme for him
and so I made a little section over here
for Finn to sit and he's got his book
and he loves it but yeah we're trying to
finish up Finn's room and I know I've
been talking about a house tour for a
while now seriously plans ahead we have
to finish this room we've got all the
stuff we just need to set it up so
that's what we're doing now and been so
far is loving it we got to finish it
though or you can play visit hello
people of the internet the reason what
why you laughing at me the reason I have
brought you here is twofold number one
we are hungry number two we are on the
quest to make the most ultimate grilled
cheese got our bread trying to film a
cooking thing so we've buttered our
bread so I thought on my right we have
cheddar read it and weep
this is mild this is thinly sliced
cheddar okay
so it's not really thick it's going to
get really gooey which is nice
that's the cheddar is established on the
bread we are then going to do a layer of
macaroni and cheese people that's right
if you're not clicking that like button
but I don't know what I'm doing today
like what's the purpose of watching this
video you're not clicking that like
button we're putting macaroni cheese on
a grilled cheese right now you guys is
this not the most epic thing you've ever
seen in your life
okay this is actually happening this is
just the the pre-made store-bought out
of the cold case from from stater
brothers you know it's it's good it's
good stuff it's primo stuff and you heat
it up in microwaves I think we should do
another layer of the very thinly sliced
cheese right on top just like so and
then what I'm going to do is I'm just
going to plop that right there in this
bed you love okay all specials are dirty
so the dishwasher where there are not
they're all gone through their hands use
your bare hands okay I'm gonna go right
there there over that one this'll work
that's perfect so the bottom half has
established itself on the grill notice
how I'm saying big words like
establishing so I'm a professional Oh
now we're going to flip Oh oh my gosh
would you look at that ladies and
gentlemen the cheese is starting to melt
the bread is just crispy perfect brown
you even got a little bit of left to
rush this
first track first rap we have also
prepared tomato prepared we prepared
this and then we put it in this plastic
thing we did not buy this from
constituents label yeah we did the fancy
label we have a tomato basil soup to do
this can be an epic lunch it's a winner
it's time to eat
it dips the grilled cheese in the tomato
soup what do you think Missy ate hers
and now she is trying mine with the
pasta that's okay so boring though babe
this soup is next-level from Costco it's
amazing we have like another whole thing
in there
oh hello it's our kids look at that 21st
century Missy is at the grocery store
right now yes
he's behind groceries right now and I
want to surprise Ollie with a little
present and I need your help just like a
little dude it's a mess every day back
we just got out all the pieces for this
tree this isn't our main tree we're
gonna have a lot of trees and we all
even have like a Christmas tree tour for
you guys to show you all the trees but
we are gonna have a tree somewhere in
this room or this room and this is going
to be it so here we go
you
oh hey viv I think that our eyes were
bigger than our dining room here
oh he's in there he's just the lights
hanging out with his light no look at
this massive tree you guys we still have
to fluff it and make sure it's all
plugged in right right the tree and work
from the bottom to the top
Oh Ollie and let his heart filled with
Christmas okay
hey Ollie I have a little surprise for
you you want to see it all right it's
around this corner come here what is
that
giant Christmas tree you giving it a hug
oh you love Christmas trees yeah AJ yay
mm-hmm what do you think pay it's pretty
you guys like it oh no that was the only
surprise I had for you love you I'll
look at this beautiful Christmas tree
isn't it so pretty it's all fluffed up
and I gotta say it's just so amazing how
much having a Christmas tree in the
house just brightens it up huh
and is sleeping in his newly decorated
room I've been working in there all day
and it's finally done but Brian is in
here making me a delicious dinner I'm so
excited
yeah I actually made mashed potatoes
mashed potatoes gravy what's in here
stuffing yum yum that sounds so good
when I've kind of neglected myself all
day with beings I just want to get it
done so bad and it Lilly took us all day
when you want it to be perfect and like
you want all your lines to be straight
it to be like all symmetrical takes a
long time always out here at karma
chameleon you know better sit down he
did not say you could have that yet he's
probably done with it but you're not
allowed to eat that always out here
eating his dinner watching some Jake the
neverland pirates you like Jake what's
your favorite thing to watch Oh
checking your pocket but you really like
watching you be Jake's and neverland
pirates huh yeah watch me BJ that's what
we hear all day long like he loves the
episode of him being captain Jake and he
always talked about it always says daddy
remember when you were Captain Hook and
I
beat you he thinks is the coolest thing
ever so it's kind of fun that we're able
to make such a cool video for him to
watch because he loves it we're munching
on some graham crackers and we're
actually sitting outside enjoying the
very cool crisp air is it cool oli is
getting ready to go to bed know that so
we're just gonna go ahead and end the
vlog hope you guys enjoy today's video
make sure you give it a big thumbs up
big thumbs up there it is there's that
big fat thumbs up huh yeah alright we'll
see you guys tomorrow
you
