look at that he got them all wherever
you are that's where I wanna be big
thank you
Oh
with me
good morning you guys today is going to
be a glorious day we are all up very
very early and I love getting up early
and coming outside of our house because
it is so beautiful in the morning look
at that all the fog like rolls in and
then a Sun slowly starts to come out and
dries it all up and gets rid of it all
just feels so crisp and fresh it feels
like fall out here
honestly it's amazing actually look I
didn't realize this but we have leaves
changing color already here in
California that is cool normally you
don't really see that till November
God's a Greenidge still but they're
slowly changing colors and check out all
that glorious fog I love it I love it I
love it I love it I've been doing crazy
days lately for the past 3-4 days
12-hour days on set today I don't have
to be on set but I just thought I'd make
an appearance for the crew and to meet
some of the actors who are gonna be
filming today
bring him Donuts and just say hey see
how's it going good morning fin fins all
ready for the day look at you oh you
look cute yes you do my hair I like your
hair did you need a haircut so bad huh
oh no he's gonna shoot me I know he's
gonna shoot me
oh no I'm hiding behind momma you'll
never get me good morning kiddos let's
go get some donuts
hey all you ready go get some donuts
I'll write you guys we have made it to
the park where they are filming out
today and some of you guys may remember
this part you still live really close to
it so we used to bring karma here all
the time
actually one of our first vlogs was
karma jumping on one of the trees
because he loved to attack them but now
we're here filming a music video because
it's got a really good cool wooded
section what who's that
he just points at you guys hey so you
guys are gonna be in my music video tell
me what are who are your characters what
are you what are you playing well we're
playing like Cajun stuff do your
characters have a name okay I'm gonna
come up with one it's um
mili mili mili mili Mindell okay mili
Mindell and you're Marcus Marcus Mateus
oh okay so those are your two kid names
yeah so you guys are just playing some
kids just rummage around this forest and
apparently there is a monster looks like
an evil Santa Claus yeah it kind of
looks like Santa Claus it also kind of
looks like the art guy on set which is
very interesting so yeah I don't want to
give too much away but there is a
monster and that is the head alright so
this is the little woods area where the
kids are going to be filming their
adventure and we have one of the kids
here now
what up Auggie how's it going dude you
look good you ready to fight a monster
yeah man fighting monster did you see
that cool tunnel yeah I actually did I
saw it like when I was down there I saw
like a big cave on my dad's like let's
go and I'm like no I don't want it right
now
I want everybody to go it's a little
spooky huh later yeah yes there's a
really cool tunnel down here where the
kids discover a monster and they're just
kind of directing everything now getting
some cool shots did you already filmed
some stuff
yeah I was walking down and I started to
run way over there and I had to run down
that steep hill on like every single
place we went down there but it was
choose but it was too short yeah trying
to work our way up
but when I got to there I still got
really scared so we moved down here I
got kind of scared at first but then
once I saw that it was really really not
that very steep yeah then I just walked
down and I was like no trouble yeah you
don't want to get too dirty you don't
get hurt huh I wanna be I don't have to
get all right Oh see what you choose ooh
the good old fluffed up glazed yeah and
you kiddos got some too it was okay
Allen has animal cookies that's
blueberry with chocolate chips all that
looks so good you guys having fun on set
getting your energy so you can fight a
monster Holly come on buddy
they got to go shoot some stuff but
we'll come back later okay buddy okay
y'all good luck say good luck
all right now we are at the voice swim
class then is munching on some pumpkin
bread quick breakfast before jumping in
the pool wait doesn't have to wait 30
minutes then you're gonna get a cramp if
you eat that
what is this shirt say boy oh boy so no
one can mistake him ya hear that boy
yeah that's Joe and all he's getting
ready I think
Paes coming again you're gonna swim with
pay hey does that find last time show
her all your she didn't that feel good
this morning no but she's gonna make it
to swim class kay you're gonna swim with
her
Oliver does so much better when he has
Payton because he feels like a
responsibility like yes did he teach
Payton how they do the swim class so
it's been really cool for him to get to
do this with her cuz it kinda gives him
an added bonus motivation actually
doing some diving holy cow he almost
went backwards
look at that ready to go he got them all
it is now finished and I've got some
special treats and I am back at the park
where they have been filming all day
deputy prime producer said the kids are
doing so good but they need a little
something because it's hot out here
so I got them popsicles and I'm headed
down to hang out with them in the crew
and just to see how everything's going
Missy's got like a million things going
on and she's hanging out with Kelsey and
Corbin today so I'm gonna man things
here at the park
but remember earlier when it was all
hazy and overcast the Sun is out and
it's hot I should not be wearing this
leather jacket all right guys we are now
with Kelsey and Corbin and they're
officially with us for a few days so I'm
very very excited Brian is actually down
at the shoot right now but he's gonna
meet up with us really soon and we are
going to baby's gonna see the baby
you're gonna go see the baby and we're
gonna find out together well actually
I'm gonna find out the gender cuz I if
you guys know I've been playing these
huge parties and one of the parties is a
gender-reveal this weekend for Kelsey
and Corbin and so I'm going to be
revealing it to them in a cool way at
this weekend's but we are gonna go I'll
see the baby and via 3ds are we so
excited all right you guys are you all
hyped up on sugar now that I gave you
popsicles and now that are playing some
Candyland we're playing house c'mon go
yes we are going to walk around the park
we're gonna walk around the park and go
catch some Pokemon yeah we're gonna go
finish they just taught me that I can
now make a buddy I can have a Pokemon
buddy so I did the doduo the big
breakfast birds or to enterprise no
right now I think it's like you changed
it on my phone just change and so he's
like no that's not gonna be and that's
kind of sad Oh
wait a minute us there's a buddy Matt
right there
get a blood type okay he'll motion catch
it suddenly I'm in charge of all these
kids and we're catching pok√©mon it's a
secret well I'm running words of wisdom
you come across a better net and it's a
CPD just walk away it's not with your
time that's okay cuz I need pool yeah
alright guys we just got done with the
gender ultrasound I do know the gender
and it is the crazy thing so first off
if you want to see the ultrasound a lot
of it is going to be on their channel so
make sure you guys are subscribed
because a lot is gonna be happening this
week and we're not filming everything so
it's gonna be like really really fun but
I do know the gender we're going into
Hobby Lobby to grab a few last-minute
things for the party I'm hoping that I
don't give it away by like looking at
certain things I think it'll be guys
watching her everything she's like
looking at me like I feel like I can
just see it and like no you can't know
nothing you guys there is something
extremely iconic in our driveway
driveway right now it's the wander wagon
oMG I have watched this thing drive
across the country I can't believe it
drove all the way across in a circle you
guys are crazy
it's a little rough on the outside beam
it like this is like a car broke on the
inside right now yeah why it's all of
our stuff is just thrown in there oh
okay well we'll look at it later but
it's so cool that it's sitting right
here in our driveway where it will
remain forever we're never letting you
leave oh yes I do appreciate you putting
a box under it is that cuz it'll just
leak everywhere oh geez I've been having
such a fun day with Kelsey and Corbin
I'm so excited that they are in town I
actually went and got a lot of
last-minute items for the party that
we're doing this weekend and I'm just so
excited that I get to like post their
gender reveal and be a part of it and
the fact that I know the gender right
now is like so hard like I just I won't
know like I said like I know so much
right now and I can't say anything but
I'm very excited I feel so honored that
it might be a part of it so this is a
lot of things that we have going on if
you want to see more make sure you guys
are
I've to kill seiga right now so that a
couple times that I just love them so
much and they deserve so much so we
would love it if you wanted to support
them too
anyways make sure you give this video a
thumbs up everyone's asleep right now
I mean Kelsey I've been like doing all
kinds of projects and crafts which has
been really fun but late
Brian's asleep all infini sleeps at
cyber bed so we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye Boop
