what you got there ah the doggie yeah ah
look at the camera
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
big
Oh
very
with me
good morning guys we are just at an
amazing diner we're about the breakfast
just kidding we're on set again for
music video stuff and Missy is getting
her hair cheesed up and her makeup all
done this is gonna be like teenage Missy
rebel Missy I haven't seen you with
straight hair in a long time I basically
look like what I wished I look like haha
yeah hairs all teased up this is a
really cool diner we are about to shoot
in we're kind of just taking over this
whole half and it wouldn't be a fun long
day
well good morning guys so as you know
Missy and Brian are out doing their
music video stuff we decided to take the
boys out for a fun day and we're just
enjoying downtown we're just looking at
these really cool metal no what are they
- not sculptures they're metal welded
metal lots of things they got your ass
they got some cool what is he a mariachi
like a cool these guys are they have
some really cold I knows what kind of
Dino is that one nollie it's a it's a
Stegosaurus it's not do you know what it
is I'm not sure he's got little arms
kind of like a t-rex but he's got the
weird thing on his back I don't know
leave it in the comments below maybe
we'll learn something huh oh my goodness
look at these spiders there's a little
ant guy like he's going to work he's got
a little briefcase in his hand oh what's
over here ollie
what are those there's the Sun yeah and
what's that one right there with the
wings
a butterfly these are called owls back
to unit one that's another butterfly and
what is this down here can you see it a
big it's a big lizard oh and there's
another one of those spiders is it
creepy looking
there's two spiders what do you think it
up then what do you think of that you're
not afraid of that are you
all right put it down hmm so Finn the
Dino
look at that Dino you show and fin the
Dino it's a very bad t-rex he looks kind
of mean huh
he does look extra mean
all right where are we all we need
pickles workshop penny pickle this place
is really cool it's like a little
workshop and the kids are wanted to
catch and play with everything it's
super interactive they get to see how
things work
that is not a treasure box that's a
mailbox you think it looks like a
treasure box it is a treasure box all
right so we just wrapped the diner
scenes and they turned out amazing think
you did good babe you played a good
rebel so we're actually shooting at this
diner
it's called Tommy's cafe Tommy's
restaurant it's like an old-fashioned
restaurant and it's like decorated with
all these really cool things like every
booth has a name right now we're at the
Popeye food hi Jeffrey
put the pop a spoon and there's like
spider-man
and our Gable and all this really cool
decor and yummy fresh rice these french
fries are bomb doing mr. fini you can't
go into circles huh
maybe you could cook on one of these
pans you want to cook you something yeah
okay no there's a pizza in the oven the
oven
Oh and then it got all done there's that
one Oh what are you doing now you're
gonna make cookies oh my goodness
they're cupcakes and cookies Wow cooking
it for a birthday party whose birthday
is it it's my birthday
wow I like the one with sprinkles
thank you okay okay let's try it ready
Vince playing this is the weirdest piano
ever
all right been scammed night with this
whole body all these musical instruments
guy he's so quiet where are we we're in
a scary place but what is up with our
shoes they quiet
Howie do we have to do it whisper
careful thanks terrified that's why he's
running away
oh look at your tattoos yeah hold still
let me look it's green you're right yes
gang up yeah it is lighting up like a
spins lighting up look at this dance
yeah we have to be quiet do we have to
whisper
we made it out Wow
we did it did we get out of there you
want to sit on a turtle Eugene Hickock
you yeah is he a nice turtle you don't
want to ride him oh sit this big chair
it's so soft and warm
what happens if you touch the fire yeah
will it burn you hey how's it going what
are you doing in there
are you in the big hot air balloon
do you want to go in the big hot air
balloon with Vinnie how you gonna get in
okay just going carefully just scooch
all yourself in climb in you can do it
you need help I bet you you can do it by
yourself
Papa we'll put you in
are you driving the hot-air balloon
where are you gonna go you're gonna go
see mommy - daddy huh Oh
cover my gift at you ollie mm-hmm hi
ollie
he's just she snapped her Cometh - well
you guys have to not home and not seeing
my boys in like four days they just gave
me the biggest hug hi dude what you got
there
ah doggy yeah yeah where'd you get that
mom I got it for you ah look in the
camera
that was nice a momma that's so cute so
Ollie what do you wanna name your new
puppy charlie
that's a very specific name where did he
get that name from well but Charlie
Charlie is a licker he likes to lick huh
whoa Charlie is clean good job then you
just close the door hi young girl boy
boy
oh is this Finn's
oh it's a little costume for fan yeah so
that's yours and then this is Finn's
yeah that's cute if you love your
brother Olly yeah you got a second I
have been hey oh are you gonna cuddle
with Charlie tonight he wants to jump
we'll listen Charlie Charlie it is time
for bed okay okay all right he's gonna
go night-night now okay I don't know how
I came up with the name Charlie it was
like so random but that's a really cute
name I like it okay
anyways we had such a good day it was
super long but I'm so glad we were able
to come home hang out the boys for a
little bit cuddle with them and now it's
time for bed so we're gonna end the vlog
okay hope you guys enjoyed today's video
make sure you give it a
up if you did our you can give it a
thumbs up real quick all right can you
do by boop we haven't done it in so long
are you ready yeah okay ready goodnight
