are you happy I leave Ben alone for five
minutes he's already picking up chicks
there he goes he's got Kane yeah
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
you are up
I am
very
with me
good morning we have another busy day
ahead of us we are out super early I can
see you just because you can't see me I
can see you yes I have a very super busy
day ahead of me I suppose began la
filming with Brian but before I go there
I have takes into a very important
doctor's appointment that I have to go
to but that's an 11 a.m. so I will have
no time to like do anything between
going to LA and taking fin to his
appointment but I have to have my nails
really looking good for this photoshoot
or video shoot because they're gonna be
focusing a lot on my hands and my nails
well look at this it's so embarrassing I
can I'm showing it yeah these three just
fell off I have acrylic right now which
have been awesome they've honestly been
staying so long longer than ever they
have but these popped off like yesterday
and I was like plus I need to fill
anyway so I have to go as soon as it
opens to the nail salon get my nails
done
take Finn to his appointment and then
head to LA for this video shoot so very
very busy day I am out very early so I
can be at my nail salon right at 9:00
a.m. when it opens so let's go Daniel
we're in London that was until December
I know right good morning guys I'm
sitting in the green room at YouTube
space la and we are shooting some music
videos here on stage on one of the sound
stages and I was sitting in the green
room and I was looking around I was like
oh I get it it's London theme and I'm
like I'm gonna be there in December
where's all excited yet today we're
doing some performance shots we have a
little set set up where we're gonna
break stuff which I'm gonna show you
guys cuz I'm excited about and Missy is
meeting me here later to get some
performance shots with her as well so
it's a busy busy day away from the kids
again but I'm so excited to go home
tonight and see them and hopefully they
aren't all asleep when they get home so
I can give him my novel but Missy's got
a very busy day today too so before she
even gets here
she
had a list of things to do so it's kind
of just gonna be a crazy week for us
what kind of just trying to embrace then
you know right word Mimi and Papa's toys
are huh I hope the mixture of dog toys
and toddler toys so try not to get into
the genre VOD of toys to ya know like I
don't need toys this document I didn't
you guys come over all the toys are in
here maybe basically not a lot you need
some more toys actually code it kind of
destroys the kids oh yeah
like yeah and like hey it's a train you
wanna play with that when old songs come
on that were always Joy's I get like oh
like oh my gosh
2 2 2 2 I know that song I know it it's
like in my heart you're gonna color
dinosaurs what it panic guys are is that
each Bobby's a Tyrannosaurus yeah I
don't think so yeah oh my god has asked
a t-rex all right you have fun killing a
Mama's gonna get her nails done case I
love being at YouTube space it's always
so much fun and this is where we did my
EP release show two really cool thing
about being on a professional set with
professional people sacks oh my gosh
they even have candy
they actually have candy and cuties and
vegan donuts which I've heard are good
but I mean why why just why with the
vegan donuts I don't understand
yeah messin Ella and I made nailed
finally look normal again I went with
like a matte black
I think the shoe is kind of dark to us
though
nailin people how got her toaster yeah
it looks so good and look who's here
painting did you get your toes then what
color are they
and it matches your the oh my gosh and
your nails - oh they look so good they
match you're a cute little outfit huh
it's Stephanie my producer today we're
breaking stuff oh my god this is cool
honey I'm getting me live so in one of
the music videos there's gonna be really
cool shots of things breaking I don't
know why I'm not gonna tell you you're
the stage all set we're getting ready to
break some stuff this is where the fun
happens gonna be exciting we want to do
AI cackles yes right that's right so
officially we want everyone to see
behind if you like my safety goggles
rockin it dude that's how we do Jeffery
you need safety goggles on
I just got done with thin type of
cardiogram and basically they did an
ultrasound on his heart just look and
see if it's better or the same or you
guys don't really know that much
basically he just has like a little bit
of a dilated a orbit and it's not like
so far hasn't been like big deal but we
just like to keep an eye on it to make
sure it's not like getting bigger
anything so we actually have another
appointment in a about an hour so we're
grabbing a lunch and we're going to hear
the results from that and I'm hoping
everything is just like good Sudan to
keep coming back and like worrying about
it so I'm gonna eat lunch go to a dark
limit then I'm out to LA here we go so
there's a really cool balloon artist
here doing videos at the YouTube space
and she just made a giant high-heeled
shoe look at that how cool is that you
always find the coolest things here at
YouTube space guys alright Missy has
joined the fun she's getting ready for
shooting babe have you seen her shirt
but who cares
no big G look who else is here it's
little Vinny
oh maybe don't chew on that we have all
these awesome balloons because the
balloon artists here filming just gave
us a huge bag of them
oh that's Charmander oh man that's like
a little bear it's cute this one oh this
one is actually a a hat so Travis I
think you should trade buddy all on me
ready it's just happening right now okay
this is the card look at this it's a
little squirt from Finding Nemo seguir
wicked new right it's one that a planet
attack yet sweet okay
but she's so tough look at that's a
grenade balloon that's like that they
use for like water balloons for the
shell
what awesome bag that's Jeff Bader and
his oversized lightsaber and then we
also have spongebob all right babe so I
know you were supposed to bring your
necklace for this video shoot uh-huh you
had to forget well I didn't know you
were going to get by i coincidentally
happened to buy you something at the
mall yesterday you like panicking I know
I know I was I was too I completely
forgot thank you just like a little
dainty silver mm-hmm I don't look
perfect for this
Sookie it's like okay well and if you if
it's not too much like we could always
put my key on there for some jokes ooh
that's so cute I love it
go up in the door babe it's like a
haunted house Oh
hey what's up
what of it now looks so cool oh my gosh
okay I know right we literally just
built this today you guys I did not know
what's gonna happen it happens oh my
gosh
catch it ketchup it oh it's like you are
too slow bro do it oh no which one is he
pick it up with uh-oh he's throwing love
throw it buddy do it together so do
dinner
tried you did it yeah I know right
I'm again joy come on do it oh he
dropped it where'd it go
it's so funny by the way the balloon
collection just keeps growing it's quite
fun for Finn get it go get the ball
get the ball
oh good job dude this these eyes these
eyes oh my goodness like I have contacts
in I'm trying are you happy I leave Ben
alone for five minutes he's already
picking up chicks there he goes he's got
game yeah look at my soft him oh he's
always like I moisturize rake up I
moisturize come on buddy so we just got
home super late that's such a long crazy
day and I'm just so excited to be home
and I got home in time to see this
little kid passed out in his playroom
today missed him so much
come here big guy and I've come home
today him depend him so much just gonna
be a crazy week you guys
I love you buddy
