all right Finn just woke up and now I'm
dying to try the vampire teeth on him so
let's see if he does it
hayri hey Rui wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
big
just wanna
I am
travel with
come on
good morning oli how are ya good are you
eatin breakfast what you eatin waffles
with his syrup on the side right yeah he
asked for the syrup on the side so we
can dip good morning guys this morning
I'm watching both of the boys Missi went
to the spa with her aunt and cousin so
that they could hang out for the day so
I'm getting the boys ready and getting
breakfast and stuff Finn slept till like
9:30 he just woke up that's okay
any baby baby food foo hopping through
the boys hi you woke up so happy huh ah
how'd you sleep you sleep good he does
wake up happy now by looking he's got
his one balloon in here still so you
wake up and you look at your balloon huh
you like your balloon you're probably
hungry hi got some waffles oh yeah oh
well you don't say so Finn what did you
dream about last night no yeah really
and then what happened
wha huh
he is quite the Julie mess I think he's
got some more teeth coming in don't you
yeah yeah he says all right let's get
you in your chair mister so you can
feast like a champion there you go how's
that and you want a dried blueberry yeah
he's so cute oh he says good morning to
all right you guys finally getting ready
for the day I've been watching Ollie and
Finn all morning cleaning ding how
chance to get ready it's like um
afternoon but Missy just got back from
the spa so I had a free chance to get
ready for the day this is my outfit of
the day by the way I got some new kicks
these are from Zara high tops which I
normally don't wear high tops so I'm not
sure if I laced these correctly but if
you guys have any good websites that can
tell you like how to lace your shoes
properly they look a little weird but I
don't know I think that's the thing
about
fashion these days we live in a world
where anything really goes so even if
you're doing it wrong people still think
it looks cool you know what I mean
finally ready for the day and I have a
couple of errands to run so I'm gonna go
do that now
oh hey guys today has been such a great
day I got up and I actually went to the
spa with my aunt and my cousin and it
was so nice because I was up so late and
like I my mind is just running but what
is it a million miles a minute or
something I'm just thinking about a
thousand things and I'm planning a ton
of stuff and I'm very excited but I'm
home now and we are cracking down on the
party stuff and just having a good time
I'm excited for the party
yeah just busy busy busy Olly has been
getting into our party stuff and look
what he found
how do those work okay let's go scare me
me oh my god wait let mommy do it let me
do it - okay
hang on yes Oh scary okay huh especially
go go move
oh my god let me see wha teeth dude
they're so white you brush them every
night God gets a chigger uggs out huh Oh
Mama's gone - oh no I don't look they're
fun huh nature isn't like it that'd be
fun you should see if anywhere oh yeah
dad just put him in your mouth that's
like that no you don't need him oh you
know I Finn just woke up and now I'm
dying to try the vampire seeds on him so
let's see if he does it
again you get with edges a little bit
further like mom okay okay what oh okay
hey rod hey rye check it out you guys
the courtyard is getting all transformed
we're getting ready from big Halloween
party
you excited ollie you will get some
candy but I don't know if you're gonna
be very present at the party okay okay
yeah there's a lot of really cool stuff
and like tricks and pranks and stuff hey
Ollie is there a big spider who made all
this mess in the courtyard yeah this is
a very friendly spider just hanging out
in his cobwebs having a good old time
Ollie I think the spider has a present
for you
oh my god that spider though it's kind
of like three times it hasn't scared him
and now he's like happy be okay Olli
okay no more game spiders all done cake
yeah
it's freaky what do you think of that
big old spider dude Oh Olli we should
give him a name what do you want to name
the spider no whooping Annie John John
he likes that name this is John yes
hurry
it is very screwed up a spider
he's like pace yeah I don't to reveal
too much but the maze that Missy has
been working on is coming out amazing
and you guys will see in the Halloween
party blog because I want you to chew it
away but I'm gonna check it out oh all
right the outside is all set the maze is
all set it's all of him so awesome and
now I have to work on the insides not
only do I have to decorate the inside
I'm also making all like the desserts
and snacks which is honestly my favorite
thing ever and that's why I always I'm
like okay I can't wait I'm always like
on Pinterest and figure out what to make
and so what I'm making right now is
these jello worms that will go in like
an Oreo crush that looks like dirt you
know you've seen like the the worms
inside of a dirt pudding this is kind of
like that but I think it looks a little
bit creepier it's really easy all you
have to do is use some raspberry pudding
or no raspberry jello some gelatin - hey
for like extra firmness then you're just
going to grab these straws and then you
put it all in here and I'll show you
what it looks like it's good risotto
okay go ahead and dump it in oh thank
you
good jobs all of it yeah
all right mix all the gelatin and the
raspberry yellow up and then we're gonna
put some hot hot water in there kay okay
all right now we add six cups of boiling
water what happened to mixing it you
guys scared it's really really hot okay
so you just sit there let mama do it now
that the jello is got hot hot water
we're going to wait for it to cool and
then we're going to add green to it and
that'll make it more look like a worm
like a brown worm rather than a red worm
so we just kind of wait for this to cool
now while we wait for this to cool we're
actually going to take these straws and
you're a stretch them out just really
hard to do with one hand stretch them
out every single one let's do this
all right now that I've got my straws
all gathered up nice and tightly and my
jello is lukewarm I need to add 3/4 cup
of whipping cream
no I my first time making it I'm
doubling the recipe so that was actually
at 1 and 1/2 cups and then I add 30
drops of the green dye and normally I
think it's like 15 so it's not the green
dye now we mixed
Wow that actually made them pretty brown
that's crazy
that actually looks like a brown worm
plus I think a lot of it will get like
clear so it'll look even more Brown
that's so cool
all right the next step is that
basically you once you have like your
straws you supposed to like pour the
jello into the straws and I just thought
okay then the straws will fill up but
obviously whatever it's sitting in its
just going to keep pouring out of and so
my last batch Jinju not exactly I want
it I thought that the straws we're gonna
fill up to the top and so I use this cup
but obviously it didn't it's not going
to fill up to the top I need to use like
a two liter thing and maybe they'll fill
up too like there so I'm probably gonna
do a second batch I mean they're pretty
big it's not like that's like terrible
but I kind of want more worms anyways
because roads give me a lot of people so
I'm just gonna finish out this batch
probably make a second bag you guys will
see the final look tomorrow at the party
cuz I think I'm just gonna kind of get
everything started I'm gonna start a lot
of my a lot of my baking projects as you
can see I've got a lot of them so I'm
gonna start all of them today and then
hopefully just finish him up tomorrow so
it's not like too big a deal Olsen's
gonna be crazy on to the next project I
was supposed to make a frankenstein rice
krispie treats and i forgot to put the
green in because I'm so tired so I'm
making now eyeballs as well which I
actually probably do a batch of eyeballs
in a batch of frozen but still I guess
I'm eating them and she needs to go to
bed you guys she's up way too late
working on things I'm exhausted and
you're not have any energy in the
morning to get things done babe you'd be
surprised I always have energy so like
when I became a mom like god I'm like
exhausted but you just get over it and
you just learn to like deal with a
little sleep you're amazing
alright well I'm tired oh I'm gonna go
to bed you should go to bed too
can you go to bed are you gonna be up
all night oh my goodness
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe and leave a comment and go
watch the Idaho music video
if you haven't already thanks for
watching
