five four three two one happy birthday
babe I'm the first one to wish you happy
birthday
well I just want you to know that I got
you these cookies for your birthday is
the best thing you get happy birthday
babe so I can eat these without feeling
guilty so yeah I wanted to start the
vlog tonight so that I could be the very
first person to wish you happy birthday
because I love you and I'm so happy that
you were born 27 years ago thanks I said
give lyric 25 we're getting old
hey guys wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
I am home
all around
good morning ollie
we gave the boys some muffins this
morning and put them in the play room to
play and hang out kind of fend for
themselves which they're doing amazingly
because I'm getting Missy a birthday
breakfast guess what it's Mama's
birthday it was yeah it was your
birthday now it's Mama's birthday do you
like that muffin I gave you yeah mm-hmm
I was gonna make Missy some waffles this
morning but she suggested pancakes I
haven't made pancakes in a while so I am
making some pancakes for her I have her
surprise already she's getting ready for
the day and I told her she's not allowed
to come out of the room until she's
ready because I'm decorating for her but
I'm not decorating I just have a really
big surprise for her and I'm really
excited for her to see it
okay I cannot give Missy pancakes
without vanilla so I redid these two
with vanilla hello beautiful there's
some breakfast for you sir have you
instead good morning Polly apparently
has a present for you
I saw him scrounging under all the couch
cushions for change and stuff I was like
okay you can get my own present cuz I
didn't I just want to failed this year
I'm sorry
come see oh my god what do you think
give them a big hug yeah you do what do
you think babe do you like it it's not a
baby grand
it's an avant grand so it's even smaller
than a baby grand but this thing is like
the apple of pianos it plays just like a
full-size grand piano sounds like a
grand piano it's amazing it's called a
hybrid so it's like an electric but it
also has analog components so each key
is actually attached to like a wooden
peg and it's connected to a sensor Oh
yawns oh ah then like forever it was all
his idea like I said I did not get a
present Polly scrounged didn't you for
change Minnie beautiful I know we all
need piano lessons
you're so cute
were you surprised yeah we have to
figure that out that was such a good
present you got from Mama she was very
surprised good job I know you can
actually pull this out and you can
record someone playing but so cool I
have a volume switch okay are you guys I
know right
do you feel the like the little
vibration under the keys when you play a
grand piano it like vibrates all the way
into the key these keys like simulate it
so everything you're feeling right now
it's exactly how like a grand piano
would feel
good morning guys it has been such a fun
day so far I've been really enjoying my
time and just hanging out with my family
for you yeah
what does xxx feel like 30 ah no no what
are you driving no clothes though so you
started filler time to fill it anyways
look at the ollie he's like Oh Chuck oh
yes true you did just if they're
dangerous really not that big a deal you
guys don't have to worry about - that's
so true I am making my own chocolate
cake and yes I'm using my Betty Crocker
recipe because this is my favorite and
yes I am making it myself because if
anyone knows anything around here it is
hey Missy Mike you don't make mrs. cake
mrs. cake mom what are the rules don't
make me see a cake Missy makes your own
bed I make my cake because I want to eat
it and Dad the second rule is again shot
chocolate on chocolate there better not
be anything mixed into my chocolate it
is just chocolate
we got Missy something and I'm gonna
surprise her with it I have no idea like
no idea I'm crazy you're right here fine
I'm walking backwards in front of you so
I'll probably trip before you do oh so
nervous I don't like the ricin I need
you to look up and not down okay okay
okay look up so scared
look what no what did you guys do and
the base the old house this is actually
grandpa sighs oh God put in the ground
with his own hand the concrete that he
poured forms that's so cool are they
strong yes I'm happy they're so happy
here how cool is that Ollie I mean
grandpa did this together and now this
is gonna live on your property forever
no I really
you
oh hello mister how are you
you found candy yeah we've been working
on different places to put the piano and
we have a thesis sided to put it in the
dining room in this corner right here
you're so good at playing it too ya know
it's really cool it actually has like
preset demos and songs it's really
beautiful it's actually really kind of
interesting having a piano in the home I
just feel like it makes it feel so cozy
don't you it makes it feel like home
played Christmas song oh yeah yes Missy
already contacted her old piano teacher
we're gonna see if we can get lessons
for both Missy and I because I think I
really want to try and learn the piano I
think that would be really fun
turn the kitchen lights off okay the
lights are off
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear missing happy
birthday to you okay here we go ready
Ollie gonna help her do I do take away
should blow them out right Ollie are you
on candle duty yeah wait this is only 26
this year you guys what did you wish for
I always forget to actually give me wait
oh yeah all that rock can now make the
wish actually make a wish I'm gonna fall
and all I am just dip into this cake we
need mom I don't I think we just eat
like this I'm gonna use my head out
I'm gonna pull spin is better
well hey there guys I'm just sitting at
my piano Brian's actually playing all in
the bed I just put in the bed I just
feel so lucky like it's actually funny
because when we bought this house my big
dream was that I was going to put a baby
grand piano in this room which is our
formal dining room but after buying like
our big dining room table and things
like that I just realized that it really
just wasn't gonna fit too crowded still
want a piano I really really wanted a
piano like an upright and I kind of
planned that the upright would go there
and so you know I was hoping at least
you know at some point I would get that
upright piano and so when Brian
surprised me with this it was like
absolutely a shock I just like oh my
gosh like I can't believe I have a grand
piano now what's cool about it though is
the fact that it's it's smaller than a
baby grin and the fact that it actually
fits and looks so good in my formal
dining room so it's just really really
cool really special and the fact that my
parents went to my old my childhood home
and found a piece of my childhood that
it means so much to me so like such a
sentimental gift something I never
thought that I could actually have but
the fact that I could not only have it
but I can take it from home to home if I
want to is just like insane I wish my
grandpa was here it I could tell him
like this is my home and look what I
brought to it my parents are the best I
feel so lucky and blessed to have then
can't even tell you how much it means to
me so again thank you guys thank you mom
and dad so much but anyways a big big
news guys Brian's music video just came
out today and I am so excited is such a
special music video if you liked his
song at all
you have to watch the music video it'll
really kind of bring to light a lot of
the meaning of the song it comes out at
noon today so if you're not subscribed
and it's not noon click the link and go
subscribe now if it's after noon or
after the time that it's up go click the
link and go watch the video let us know
what you guys think we've got a lot of
more videos coming out and this is just
the first one and so I'm really excited
to see what you guys think let us know
make sure you give today's video a
thumbs up if you
enjoy it you guys tomorrow bye oh by the
way this is Karma's new favorite place
to sit so relaxing in their home good
bye
you
