Vinni are you gonna come with us to the
streamys you can sleep in the limo I'm
sure be a grand ol time huh wherever you
are that's wherever wanna be all
Oh
forever
good morning dude you're hanging out
with me me in your underwear yeah you
went peepee in the potty good job dude
hello guys and happy streamys day today
we are headed to Beverly Hills to go to
the Streamy Awards our first time ever
being there and being nominated but it
is the sixth annual streamys and we are
really excited just to get to hang out
with friends and get to have fun because
it seems like a fun event we are up for
a show of the year
um which would be really exciting if we
want but again not really sure it's
gonna happen cuz we are up against some
really big creators check it out - I got
the hue lights up in our master bedroom
and I've colored them blue and pink in
honor of the Streamy Awards good morning
I'm currently getting my hair and makeup
done so it was Natalia and it's very
exciting let me see your hair
so your hairs up yeah we get up which i
think is cool it's like totally
different so you do it down I usually do
it alone you never wear it up so it's
kind of different which I'm excited
about
yeah it looks really good yeah well
makeup done and Talas getting her makeup
done by Miss Piper and in just a few
minutes I have to start getting my suit
on because it is getting to be crunch
time get running and Geoffrey's not here
where's Jeff does anyone heard from Jeff
I gotta get Jeff to the streamys you
know like that one get it the one with
the Russell Brand movie I thought I was
funny
Ali what do you wanna say to mama yeah
thank you I love you his cookie Oh me
fit Ali's show me your cookie what is it
pumpkin popping cool cool Vinny are you
gonna come with us the streamys you can
sleep in the limo
I'm sure be a grand ol time huh I'm some
scoops off for your party right hey we
are all ready for the streamys we got a
limo outside waiting for us thanks for
hooking that up Geoffrey so nice of you
bro I can't girls you look amazing bro
we look pretty good it's almost home and
we are headed to Beverly Hills now let's
do it that's does it know you are cuz
you're all dressed up hey no way he'd be
like give me my mother right now there's
no way I could hold it he just wants to
walk into the house let's go get in this
big old limo bye buddy I love you you
get some Mimi and Papa go sleep okay
like now I'm coming with you I'm coming
with you and we are off only 40 minutes
late
check us out there we got a limo and
okay Phyllis peered everyone's climbing
in you ready Geoffrey
all right yeah let's go now we are at
our table
and there's lots of yummy treats and
could
we are starving so we kinda rated all
the refreshments and appetizers yeah
let's show us bigger
downloading good james van der beek from
Dawson's Creek if you're giving away the
I'm not bitter I'm fine
still of the year
Andy I'm here
you all right you guys we didn't win a
three me but
so who's the real yeah no I'm sorry
we're celebrating Hochberg
but night making a friend of course you
guys are amazing
it's okay honestly I wanted
yeah
yeah thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
before
