what does the Fox say whoop up up up up
about look at me so embarrass it's like
I'm just gonna lay here who's more
embarrassing me or mama yeah whatever
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
big
they look so
I am alone
forever
good morning guys we are up and brian is
actually making us a delicious lunch
what are you making making like a ginger
glazed chicken with green beans I cannot
say it smacking on Caesar salad cuz I'm
like so hungry yeah so I'm eating salad
while making lunch yeah so Brian's
making us some lunch and I actually just
cleaned out our fridge and in the fridge
I had a lot of leftover things that we
probably aren't gonna eat raspberries
some old grapes mold apples I'm gonna go
ahead and give them to the chickens
coming out the mouldy and then I have
like a huge bag of baby carrot and then
I have these that are kind of old I can
tell some of them are dry so I'm gonna
give them these baby carrots as well and
last time I gave them food they
literally ate all of it in like a day
and so I think they were really happy so
I'm just gonna make them another little
salad salad of fruits and veggies and
will not veggies oh yeah some veggies
and cilantro that's a good salad right I
also have a bunch of oh you can add
those chicken salads right without this
yeah yeah chicken salad sandwich shit
alright I've got my chicken salad all
prepared I've got my boy how you doing
this morning oh good so it looks really
good we got green berry green beans and
cilantro and apples and grapes and
carrots and raspberries and Dino eggs
yeah we're gonna look for some eggs for
the chickens I'm hoping they lay any day
now they are still a little bit young
but I really hope they lay soon so I'm
gonna go throw this in there with them
morning chickens how you doing Susan
what is on your head you have it's so
messy that's so weird
what'd you say that is tikka sadly got
your chicken salad all right here we go
I'm trying to throw it at your faces
like I did last time
yeah poor heads like oh it's like what
weird are you wet
okay
okay Bon Appetit
hope you enjoy it looks good looks very
colorful and yummy YUM I like it looking
for eggs I think I might cry the day
that I actually see an egg in here it's
gonna be amazing
nothing yet though what'd you say what'd
you find
oh it's that go ahead Oh kind of like a
dino egg fuck as shit I totally Rock -
hey come on take a diary
yeah but not what it's not a wrong at
the diner babe yeah and then gives you
put karma on the mission ready ready dig
in the wrong hole
yeah it's the Karma wrong hole right
here he thinks he found something come
on dig right here no wrong hole
all right guard stop Devin no more no
more no more
yes Oh No hey Ali what are you doing you
gonna go get Finn can't go say good
morning to him didn't just woke up from
his morning nap so I guess all is gonna
go get him
coin hurry
what do you say ringing hi he's just
yeah what happening enough why'd you
wake up on the wrong side of the bed
good morning Finn aah noise rosy-cheeked
do you kill
did you see good he's up pretty good yep
okay you did too no no I think Finn's up
good huh
good morning Finny he woke up just in
time for lunch you probably smelled it
huh
Oh say good morning to the kitty yeah
dad got a hot morning getting snuggle Oh
would you look at this delicious lunch I
just whipped up you guys it's a glazed
chicken with green beans and I made my
own glaze with soy sauce and I added
honey garlic and grated ginger even so
I'm really excited to try that and I've
got some fresh coconut rice right here
it was a different kind of rice and the
water
I feel like got cooked off really fast
so it's all the way cooked uh sure
never made that kind of rice but I'm
gonna throw some lunch together for me
in the voice
hey Janie is that kitty hey can we keep
kitty oh oh oh okay geez you all right
that's it is so kill see daddy what's
for dinner
what's for lunch mmm all right Vinnie we
got some lunch for you dude
are you excited you got food - you got
rice okay we got chicken green beans and
rice look yummy dude like I don't know
oh yeah
and then all of a sudden it was dark
outside yeah I know I don't know how
that happened
oh we had kind of a busy day um what's
lets see Missy was working on videos
that my director was here for the music
videos and you showed us all the
storyboard stuff wish I could show you
guys but I want it to be a really cool
surprise so we went over all that it was
super fun
what and now it's nighttime I look
outside and it's nighttime I know we
were horrible vloggers today weren't we
all right Finn show me your PJs tonight
what do we got what do we got okay it
says so huggable we got little puppy
dogs and this cool baby boy blue you're
looking pretty good dude you feeling
good I'm feeling ready for bed uh-huh
there's a kitty under there isn't there
Oh Zuri taking swings at Finn that's not
cool is it that's not cool it's like
baby versus kitten right here
Oh David versus data it's okay she's not
gonna come get you okay look I'm okay
that Kitty I'm gonna get that kitty
you
watch out Zuri Ben's gonna be coming for
you if you're not careful Vinnie you see
the kitty are you over it he's over it
yeah he says hey Ollie what's on your
pants foxes you know foxes all over your
pants you need chocolate milk how does
this song go do you remember how the
song goes
yeah how's it go what does the Fox say
what buh-buh-buh-buh-buh look at me so
embarrass it's like I'm just gonna lay
here and go to sleep until dad stops
singing right yeah am I so embarrassing
who's more embarrassing me or mama yeah
whatever I think he would say mama
because he wouldn't want to like put
together like you or me or whatever but
like oh you're saying grammatically it
was good I don't know what's gonna say
I'll just say mama be heard mama no I'm
embarrassing I'm sorry who gave you that
little pumpkin only do you remember who
gave it to you Maddie gave you a pumpkin
huh
was it all ready for bed I just pulled a
lasagna out of the oven so I think ruff
she's gonna put them to bed
and then eat some food gilma hug say 9m
mama yeah
Wow he just expects always to find' of
hurt him because finn is very grabby and
below it's not gonna hurt you alright
saying that night so my mom put you to
bed
mmm
love you that feeling when you put both
kids to sleep eat dinner and now you're
chillin by the fire in the living room
yep we actually got both them down like
the same time a good time mm-hmm
so parent when I made dinner in peace oh
those creepy kids we're stealing our
food or getting up every minute to grab
them yeah actually our kids don't steal
our food our cat does our cat silver
food so she's crazy she steals food and
then we'll freak out you trying to get
from her she didn't naughty cat
yeah we're just relaxing we're very
excited for tomorrow it's the street I'm
so excited
like I watched the streamys on TV and
we're gonna go to it
crazy babe so crazy yeah I'm very
excited about it we got our outfits all
set I've got Michelle coming over and
Piper actually going over to help with
my hair and makeup the Tally's gonna get
ready with me give me a super fun day
I'm spoiled you have all these friends
who like to do hair makeup I know it's
really really nice cuz I don't I can't I
can't do it we're gonna go ahead and
relax for the night because tomorrow we
have a busy day so make sure you give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe
leave a comment for us to win a Streamy
we'll see you manana bye
