then what you doing dude are you trapped
in a playground right now
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all inside big
Oh
come around
good morning where are we all eat black
we're in the mountains we decided to
take a trip up to Idlewild today and
we've just been meandering that's a word
right word you used correctly yes it's
always a success I'm enjoying the cool
air and we have something really cool yo
Dee poop do you want to see it yeah okay
look at this pie oh this is an IDE a
wild coyote poop yeah that's cool about
this coyote hoop oh you can eat it you
can eat it what that is gonna eat some
kind
oh look at that coyote poop it looks
yucky huh yucky poo
bin where's your kill see that smile
again when I look at him like I was a
coyote poop I want a hug coyote hmm
it's actually pretty good everybody
going
it's Chopin there pralines pecans
covered in chocolate
is it yummy yeah see coyote poop ain't
so bad huh yeah look at me actually I
just don't think he likes the nothing Oh
Benny came with us today he's got a
really cool bib on with some arrows on
it and he is loving the fresh mountain
air - look at those big blue eyes
ah he's been very vocal today - what do
you see
Oh trees this is why I love Idlewild you
guys because they just randomly have
cool things like this like it was just
like a nursery that they play here with
all these really cool trees a lot of
them are drought tolerant is said babe
really is really cool you gonna see the
branch go check it out but I actually
have been wanting to get a couple of
tall cactuses for my office but I don't
see any lots of really pretty plants
though
all right we are now at lunch with the
family and Idyllwild at this really cool
Italian place we got some really cool
music going on to catch and yeah
so good so good so good do you like this
song Finn was like what are we doing
of course it wouldn't be a trip to
Idlewild without without seeing mayor
max we just got out of lunch and he just
happens to be pulled up on the side of
the road hi how are you doing buddy
hi
look at his cute little ties got on
today hair is so long
yep that is mayor max the first right
and this is mayor max a second hi oh
he's so fluffy
Vinnie honored man oh I love when he
perches up here - yeah he's smiling so
big that man oh you love me Vinnie oh
that's so cute it was love his hair he
probably he's the mayor buddy a vine a
wild ha he's sniffing you
hey man what you doing dude are you
trapped in a playground right now yeah
hey dude we are now at the Idlewild
community playground which is probably
one of my favorite places here in
Idlewild and Finn is crawling around
this is like the 2:00 to 5:00 area and
then over there is like that older well
there's a kitty there huh everywhere and
apparently has made a girlfriend hi
ollie
what are you doing okay you're going on
your belly all right you guys I'm not
the audubon Mountain
done that was pretty uneventful oh you
gonna dig a hole Olly dig a hole and
then you can poop in it you gotta go
poopoo all right well I'm just saying if
you wanted to you could dig a hole and
pooping okay hey there guys we are home
now
and me and Brett have been watching some
TV relaxing it should a really fun day
in Idyllwild we spent most of the day
just hanging out with my family being
there it's actually my mom's birthday
this weekend and so we just kind of were
kind of just enjoying each other and now
we're home and we were watching a TV
show and check this out guys fell asleep
hey Brian this has been a very very long
day it was a really fun day but the kids
like slept the whole way home and went
straight to bed and then we just kind of
laid on the couch and this cat has been
like crazy all night and like sucking on
the blanket she does that she like
nurses on it it's really rare here she
goes again no no don't lie I'm not doing
silly huh no don't stop she's so you're
talking the string sorry but anyways
today was super fun and I hope you guys
enjoy today's video as well make sure
you give this video a thumbs up if you
did and we'll see you guys in next video
bye
