oh my gosh I was laughing so hard
oh we you don't like his first sounds
like but he's all pose so she like uh
maybe the Derrida
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all since that big
just wanna
I am
forever
me
good morning all the gym nice night we
need to show them what happened
yeah all right guys we have had an
interesting morning my sister has been
over filming some videos and she did
something really cool in my bathroom but
now I'm a little bit mad at her you
don't want to come in
oh you right now you do not want to go
oh my gosh I'm so oh my gosh
oh my god I filled this acne whatever
candy and then it broke okay when I fall
it broke and all the monster movies
every where everywhere everywhere
everywhere we have a shop back in here
training we had the shop back before
this happened because we were just
trying to get it up straight with you
that we're all the more you more do not
step on it they just shattered this is
so bad Oliver what is your auntie doing
it's auntie make a huge mess you're so
bad
so today is such a cool day the weather
is amazing and it smells so good and
it's just so nice but today me and Ollie
had originally planned we were going to
go to a movie premiere with Natalia and
the girls and go see the trolls which we
were really super excited about but in
the end I just was like I feel like I
have been going and going and in LA and
out and just constantly out of the house
so much that even though it would have
been a really fun day with Natalia and a
really fun day just like with oli and
stuff this decided let's just stay home
we're making a beef stew right now I
think I'm just going to relax at home
get the house in order because Bryan's
home tomorrow it's actually Finn's
birthday tomorrow so let's skip it so we
went ahead and skip the movie premiere
but I hope that Natalia still has a lot
of fun today and if you guys want do
want to see that which is actually going
to be really fun really cool you should
go check out their blog
all right the bucket of Orbeez are going
outside yeah you better believe we're
saving those we probably have two full
trash cans like that it's crazy that was
so many Orbeez we're still trying to
straighten them out of here
which are all mostly smushed up ones I
think forever I'm just going to be
finding them somewhere there yes
glitter never goes away Orbeez are going
to be with us cool was this so fun oli
today is my last day in Toronto Canada
and I'm very very sad about it I've had
such a blast hanging out in the city had
such a blast hanging out at buffer
festival it was seriously such an
amazing feeling getting to premiere my
iTunes music video and hearing the
audience gasp like at the same time and
the same parts of the video it's just so
fulfilling because it's like it worked
and they were so excited about it so
much fun getting to program new music it
was great yeah today is my last day of
buffer festival 2016 today I'm actually
gonna be showing some behind the scenes
footage that we filmed and then we just
get to like talk and I get to meet a
bunch of you guys again which has been
amazing too because the people of Canada
are some of the nicest people I've ever
met while traveling and I do not say
that lightly so seriously Thank You
Canada for being so amazing
you
this is all things that we weren't
really able to share through the daily
blog and I kind of walked until I
started through different medium so we
had a town hall in February for those
six months
I started doing music I did you ever
felt pressure okay anything evolves it
happens a lot with computers where you
collect your stuff in this genre and
then you are worried that like if you
announce the audience okay it's almost
art work on this out there just other
passionate yeah it's like something
scary you know until yo your existing
now what's the you primary resistance of
that we serve doing musical combo
because of what I write about my family
so I'm writing about people are watching
our yesterday ah that I'm finding it
just a huge percentage you can watch us
are also invested in the music which is
great did you know they're becoming I
did okay I know that cost 800 no never
permit supposed to smoke this way we try
to get as they want to do it so thanks
to buffer he explained us all payees in
the books in blind we got thanks
check out this rattle my dad made it is
so stinking cool
do I see Finn he thinks papa yeah when I
first saw I was like that's so cool and
then I just figured like oh he must have
just put those on like after he made it
but it's literally one solid piece of
wood he said guess how I made it and I
literally was like wait I don't know
how'd you make it yeah was able to cut
Thrones first I cut these three pieces
were like they're like this mm-hmm
and then I just cut into them on the
side till they became a ring and pop
loose
yes so they are this is one solid piece
of log wow that's very cool huh hey
thanks papa and I didn't use anything
like a no shellac or anything it's just
got like beeswax mm-hmm things that if
he were to chew on it would be fine beef
stew is made and I'm gonna be honest
guys yes it is just potatoes in meat but
that's that we like it okay Hasse's been
doing some fun stuff with the kids today
you guys will also check out her channel
to see what else we did we've got
pumpkin seed I think this is salt water
right salt water
again and she's making her favorite
famous beef jerky yeah I see that yeah
it's beef jerky in there mmm
all right we just got done with
screaming and just got down the red
carpet met so many of you guys seriously
thank you guys so much for coming out
ana de has been amazing dude it's dark
Julie mom and Juliet's dark look at the
tower all the tower so beautiful it is
different color can we go in some food
it's breakfast rate Oh breakfast ha I
could totally eat eggs benedict right
now add a souvenir and postcard thing
and I have to buy a magnet for a fridge
or Raider what looks good what do you
think we're looking on the fridge who
made it the mist
I like the bear oh that's really cool
but it's just a photo it's kind of weird
so if you guys don't know everywhere we
go we get a magnet for our fridge we
have accumulated accumulated quite an
array of magnets on our fridge which is
really cool because it just shows
everywhere we've been I'm gonna get this
one no this one no this one oh wait
that's one yeah I'm gonna get this one
okay I'm getting this one maple on fleek
we got maple cookies we got maple tea we
got maple biscuits we got more maple
cookies we got maple cream all right
Jared I know you're watching my vlog
case you ever wondered what dr. pepper
looks like in Canada it actually looks
kind of weird and old I'm like retro so
we've been spending most of the day at
the house just kind of having a really
nice time but there's one thing that I
have to do outside the house and I've
just been putting it off for so long I'm
okay on time because I sort of made sure
but I need to get the kids passports we
are leaving for London in a couple of
months and I still have passports and
you might be thinking Missy what are you
thinking I don't know what I'm thinking
so we're going in right now we're gonna
get their passport photos and then what
I did is I went to this website
apparently if you pay a little bit more
you actually can get your passport in
like 24 hours so I didn't pay as much
for the 24 hours silly I don't need it
24 hours but I'm gonna get it hopefully
within the week
first up passport photos you're gonna
smile for the picture he's like mom I'm
going to bed
hey Ollie do you want a candy are you
gonna smile for the picture yeah I've
transferred into a cart and he's still
out
alright the boys are up and they're
ready for their picture not yet okay
right there perfect good job high five
oh my gosh I was laughing so hard
oh yeah you were so cute and so naughty
at the same time those male is four
sounds like donkeys all pose so she's
like uh maybe just Jared and he's like
look II like jay-z I go so do it like
what all right but we're not done Finn
still hasn't gotten a good picture
little stinker boy
that's princess and just like that we
got um they look so cute what do you
think dad are you trying to scare him
yeah I remembered I was a kid you
weren't even let me look at this stuff
pretty good right that's good yep on
charges I know dude last night in
Toronto Canada yes we are gonna go have
dinner at the top of the CN Tower yes
there's maple leaves everywhere this way
to the top of the world is this we're
going to hide if it is dude it's at the
top of the world we are nnm elevator
headed it's a lot scarier bottom yeah
yeah well that's freaky oh my ears whoa
wow that is mom did it still go in I use
a pop I use it's still going we have
made it to the top and this whole thing
is rotating look at that site is moving
this site is not it's very disorient
just keeps walking and nothing's
happening
this is in
same pair isn't this crazy that is
Toronto right there so cool dude
seriously amazing guy this whole thing
is rotating
there's our hotel right there that's
awesome
took us a while to figure it out but
this is moving say Henry we are moving
in the opposite direction so we're
moving that way this is holding that way
and we're moving this way slow not swim
that way faster because our hotel used
to be right there and now it's like way
over there we solve the mystery of the
CN tower people
all right we just got our food and it
look amazing so we are going to eat our
last dinner in Toronto Canada and it's
amazing that we get to eat this and look
at this
so cool dude oli I have to talk to you
right now so you know how earlier the
you were playing with aunty with all
those Orbeez and then you know how
earlier you went poopoo on the potty
well you forgot to flush and I just
looked in the potty do you want to see
what you poo pooed yeah we'll look at
your poo poo I don't know if you guys
ready for this I'm about to show you the
poo poo that he made in the potty ready
what did you poop or be food or bees
oh my gosh don't think you're gonna that
boo-boo you poo poo or visas as so funny
don't put your hand in there there's my
RV's you know the coop oh look at this
you guys poop or B poop everywhere I
want to show them yeah okay show them
your poo poo look at that did you say
LLL knowing that came out of your booty
don't this you're gross I can't hardly
you pooped Orbeez good job buddy no
don't touch it
okay my mom clean up your poop okay
no it's oh my god I really do have to
paint that up though all right we have
just finished dinner and I'm outside on
the outdoor observatory deck checking
out the views firsthand had such an
amazing dinner tonight
seriously this view is just incredible
just an amazing time in Canada overall
seriously amazing it's good it's getting
windy tomorrow I get to head home and
it's Finn's birthday and I'm so excited
he's officially one years old and I love
him so much and I just I miss ollie I
miss Finn I miss Mitcham is everyone so
good to see everyone tomorrow and I'm
super excited about it I'm gonna had my
part of the vlog but I hope you guys
enjoyed hanging out in Canada with me
huge thanks to buffer festival and core
divided out for having me out thank you
too much for putting on an awesome show
and letting me play some new music thank
you to all of you guys who were just so
kind and pleasure meeting all of you as
well so thank you guys I'll see you
manana
bye hey guys we are rounding down
tonight we just got done cleaning up the
house cleaned up the whole playroom
which was a mess because these boys were
playing so hard and now this is our last
night just a sprite I'll be home
tomorrow we're really excited to see
daddy huh did you miss daddy anyways
guys we did have a super fun day
probably just gonna wind down for the
night and maybe cut a little much movie
super-excited to see Brian tomorrow
missed them so much
it'll be good to kind of just be all
together I do wanna let you guys know if
you want to see what other crazy things
we did today with Orbeez it was that so
much fun with the Orbeez remember when
you pooped the Orbeez that was so cool
huh yeah so if you want to see what
other fun things we did with the Orbeez
make sure you check out my sister's
video on her channel I'll have it linked
down below check it out goes
she did some really fun videos here
that'll be coming out a lot over the
next week so make she coat check them
out because they're actually pretty
funny and this kid is in them sometimes
huh alright guys make sure you give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
yay and we'll see you guys in our next
video say bye
you
