Finley's Jay what are you doing you
cannot go through him there what yeah
yeah yeah there he was literally trying
to get in you're crazy
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all
once that big
just one
Oh
forever
in me
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
out today and it's actually is pretty
warm for the morning time so they really
want literally is soaking wet you would
be soaked I just got these boys dressed
yeah I got dumped out all the water -
we're just gonna let that dry off for
now k mama you're welcome
he says thank you again for that mama
he's so cute he is so good at saying
like pleases and thank-yous and you're
welcome I feel like that was something
that my mom always incorporated like she
would always say thank you to us or
please to us and so naturally we just
said it to her and I think that's really
important because I think the best way
to teach your kid is to be the example
that you're trying so I always like when
he brings you some Elvis thank you so
much and so now he'll say thank you so
much mama and I just love it it's very
cute hey everything goes in your mouth
you had a naughty boys how do I get out
of your mouth got it your brother he's
silly huh but anyways Bryan is actually
gonna be out of the house for a lot of
today getting some stuff done and so I'm
actually going to be in the house or at
home for a lot of the day but I do have
a couple things that I want to get done
that I might have to run out for doing a
couple things for the chicken coop and
then tomorrow it's actually a streamys
reception dinner before the actual
streamys so we're going to that which
I'm very excited about I got to figure
out what I'm gonna wear I still really
picked anything out but I'm really
excited about that and if you guys
haven't had a chance to vote for show of
the year I'll have all the ways to vote
that link down below and you guys can
kinda see there's lots of ways and you
can vote up to 200 times a day which is
very cool we would be so so thankful
it's just so crazy that we were
nominated for show of the year we are
nominated for kids and family something
that we never really thought would
happen when starting this journey and
thank you all so much for getting us to
this place it's very exciting and I'm
excited for tomorrow it's me a big day
but if you guys want to vote make sure
you vote I'll have it down below karma
chameleon come here you're such a good
boy you know that drop your ball drop it
good job we were just down here playing
Ollie was making karma day
in random areas because he's looking for
Dino eggs and he thinks karma can just
like dig up Dino eggs all the time so
karan dug up this hole and there was no
Dino eggs not to fill that in but it is
pretty cute that I'll just like dig and
then Carl's digging that random spot but
then he came over here and he wanted
karma to dig over here but karma smells
something over here and there was a ball
in here completely buried like so you
could not see this at all and he smelt
the ball and he was like I'm a dig right
here karma no more digging right there
come here
no God no it's like kind of the queue
thing and the worst thing ever
but karma is such a good dog he is just
so good with my kids here's something
interesting
karma has never pooped on our grass he
knows that the kids play on the grass
and so he only poops out by the dirt or
along like the lines but never on the
grass like yesterday I almost picked on
the grass the Karma he would never poop
on the grass because he knows the kids
play on the on the grass huh cuz you're
a good dog
you're a good boy these kids are dino
egg diggin being kind of crazy Finn is a
mess always a mess a Louie just got
showered and brand-new clothes on and
they are filthy boys but I kind of love
it because they're just enjoying their
backyard and having a blast but anyways
karma has got to be the best animal I've
ever owned he is just so in tune to us
to me he knows exactly like what we want
what we need how our emotions are for
sad or mad or happy or excited like he
knows all of this and he loves playing
with fit and like he'll literally drop
the ball over and over and over and
fiddle just throw it one foot and then
he'll bring it back and drop it for Finn
and then Finn will throw it it's just I
ever I love my dog love my dog love my
boys I have so many boys and I love them
all huh Finlay J what are you doing you
cannot go through him there what yeah
yeah yeah there he was literally trying
to get in you were crazy
check out my dad made me I'm so happy
I'm so excited about it
he made these little flower boxes to go
underneath the window of the chicken
coop and
so cute so he's in the process of
putting this one up too
and then I got your Home Depot and I got
to buy all the things that I can plant
little herbs here and what's cool is
that I can use the herbs to like eat
myself but if there's herbs that we
don't use all the time or whatever and
the chickens can just see some so it
works out perfectly and my dad now at
Home Depot and it's probably one of our
favorite places his definitely fair
place
he walked in the store and it's like a
dream land for him I do really judge I
always come up with cool ideas but I am
working on a little project with my dad
for an upcoming party that I'm doing and
be excited about it and I've talked
about a couple times you guys all know
the party it is it it's a little wood
project of course you have my dad helped
me on casinos all things would right but
anyways and now I'm also going outside
into the garden or area because I now
have to fill the flower boxes that my
dad made me so we're gonna go look first
first we gotta get some potting soil we
got to get some plants I might actually
even get some full plants to go in a
couple little areas near the chicken
coop and so I'm excited go look around
there and see what they are I'm like so
excited right now look they've got green
beans spinach oh my gosh lettuce you
just grow your own glados strawberries
and there's strawberries on them all I
would die if you got to like pick
strawberries and eat them oh let me
simple see how we're picking out some
plants right now kind of figure out what
exactly I'm walks I don't really have a
ton of space eventually I want like a
full garden
the funny part is that we had already
did it and then I made him redo it so I
can montage it and then it's all over
that's kind of funny yeah yeah that's
funny it didn't do when we really did it
it would be work for me we fight
all right we've done all the planting so
I'm going to show you everything we got
so in these boxes we did the exact same
thing the exact same way so I have
cilantro
we've got rosemary we've got celery
which will grow like really tall which
is kind of fun and we've got lavender
which i think is really cool it should
add a little color over here which will
be cool and then on this side basically
the exact same thing cilantro rosemary
celery and lavender and then I went
ahead and hung some flowers over here
just so that I could add some color to
this whole coupe these are duranium bred
geranium which are really cool and then
here we've added the little flower bed
and I basically have strawberries all
along here and then up against the edges
I have a green bean so hopefully these
grow more tall and should hopefully I
get some green beans out of here we've
already got a little bit of strawberries
a growing which is really cool oli was
really excited he's like I want to eat
them so maybe I'll let them try one but
they're really cute love this area it's
so cool all right I've just changed out
all the bedding in the chicken coop and
I'm very excited about it we are
starting a thing called deep litter
method which a lot of you actually we're
talking about and I looked it up and
it's a really cool idea because it's a
lot less work and you get to use it
later as like compost so if I end up
doing my garden then I can use it for
that but all I really wants to pick a
strawberry right now take a bite
how is it is it good I'm gonna bite
mm-hmm that was very good
really good huh
yep you eat it all okay all right you
guys so I am in the studio today
the last vocal tracking of the album and
we're completely done we just finished
and she killed it and I want to show you
who I'm here with it's misty of France
and I am seriously I feel so honored
that you're here singing on my record
thank you did such a good job of course
of course so this is dia you guys she's
also a singer-songwriter
she has a cover song right now on iTunes
for never tear us apart so go check that
out I'm gonna have link down below and
you have a lead single coming out too
right yeah it's called golden years oh
it's next listen have you announced this
yet actually I haven't announced oh
let's check it out now I don't even know
if I'm supposed to do you Frampton
exclusive
I'll have your manager call me make
second put this up uh yeah leasing of
her album coming out on October 6 you
guys I'm super excited because I loved
your album red it was just really cool
and she brought I think you completely
changed the song that we did today in
other way okay well I hope she's so
nervous about it but you did a really
great job you did a really good job
isn't this exciting
dia here on my album I never would have
done
all right no pressure dia but we're
gonna shove more cameras in front of
your face we are now shooting some
behind-the-scenes and just going to ask
her a couple of questions about the
album which you just heard a little bit
of go get your brother go get him
there's auntie the lights are blue right
now run and run they're coming okay take
him on
I think Ali's safe is safe again so come
here brother
oh my god you saved him you saved his
life he will be eternally grateful
yeah your brother's doing it again oh
good job
stepping on her whoa your daughter just
got home and all I apparently went to
bed so I missed him you really wanted to
save with you but I told me and go to
bed this is just a puppy dog there's a
little puppy dog under there oh there's
a puppy dog uh-oh
we wait whose foot that's a part of the
puppy so bomb only went to bed I just
got home after being gone all day I
think i'ma all I get to cuddle with
contra at least really wish I could
cuddle with oli oh I got a cat I'm sorry
oh there's a kitty cat under here
hi kitty I got the key how's it going
buddy
you know Thank You cat that key sounds
like you got a couple hair balls all he
finds a roll and he commits to it you
guys hey ollie whoa
remember when you pranked me Wow that
was funny
I didn't know where you were alright
guys that's all for today's vlog hope
you enjoyed I haven't gone all day with
such a busy day but I'm finally home and
I missed you see thanks for watching
give this video a thumbs up thumbs up it
will see I mean yeah thanks for watching
we'll see you guys tomorrow Hollywood he
say
