yeah they know you want to look at you
haven't licked it in a while what do you
think it's going to taste like okay yeah
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
once again
reverie
me
good morning guys actually not morning
at all is the afternoon and we are
playing outside all a car come on out
car Monts out of the swimming pool area
because we've actually been swimming huh
okay come on out alikom come look
that's Jeff yeah we've actually been
filming a ton for my channel today which
is kind of a bummer because I always
like consume so much of my day and then
we end up like not vlogging and I can't
really vlog when I'm filming stuff like
that cuz I'm working on that
so yeah now I think we're gonna get
ready we might actually head out of the
house pretty soon I feel like we just
been kind of cooped up doing this
project but there is guys working on our
beams and they are almost done and the
living room looks so different it looks
so cool and I'm so excited so hopefully
by the end of the day we have the
finished product to show you guys which
I think it'll it should definitely be
done by the end of today so I'm so
excited about that the sounds of our
backyard you guys seriously feels so
amazing out here and the breeze is
started and it's not super sunny all he
wants to show you what do you got oh
dang that's cool yep Oliver's take it at
dinosaur eggs where'd you find that one
bro oh the bushes cool well keep
cracking at it you'll probably find a
dinosaur huh yeah couple minutes ago he
was playing in the grass and he was
pulling down his pants and his underwear
he says I go football on the grass I go
for my guys I was like no joke up a both
you guys I carried him all the way to
the potty and he went poopoo and then I
kid you not as house holding of his fans
he goes I'm awesome huh I think oh yes
you are awesome what do you find at you
fat sick aunt I found it yeah cool watch
me make it Bob yeah yeah the bubble
poppy
then found a little dinosaur tool he's
gonna try and open it also he's gonna
help you k buddy yeah you want to chip
out it Finn look at he's trying to get a
dinosaur out ollie he likes dinosaurs -
okay yeah show him how it's done
come here ollie come see what I did with
the lights what color are they green
isn't that cool oh three lights for the
three of us we're about fin yeah so
we've been having fun with these light I
turn to them green from the homekit hub
and I think that's hilarious I was
excited about it
what why do you want to show off your
bedroom oh you got a paw patrol towel
yeah it's Marshall so one thing I
noticed is that the boys rooms have two
overhead lights you can see how orange
it is in here I'm not making that so I
think they said it's really easy just to
have an electrician installed two more
on this side to balance it out anyway so
bring your head with that - so it's a
little brighter in here yeah they know
you want to look at you haven't licked
it in a while what do you think it's
gonna taste like okay stop yeah yeah
yeah no that's okay all he still likes
his salt lamp and he still thinks that
it is hilarious oh you love your salt
lamp yeah
all right Ollie I'm gonna change the
lights pink now you ready isn't that
cool
so many house projects going on right
now Papa is here and he is going to help
us install our new blinds which I'm so
excited about because we ordered them
forever ago these ones are very old and
half of them don't work so it's gonna be
nice to have working blinds again yeah
they look really nice our more modern
and neither house more everything is
kind of a mess right now though
everything is scattered around we're
opening blinds were working on things
but the most exciting part is our beams
are up and we want to show them to you
right now papa papa
look at that it's so crazy how much it
changes this room and it's really hard
to tell I think in the camera or like on
pictures but like there's just a sense
of like grandness in the living room
which is so fun cuz we have all this
space to work with and the beams just
like accent it so well it's so cool I
love the beams I really like obvious is
it like is a little bit afraid for the
fire yeah everything's just kind of
pointing right there it's epic and I'm
so excited about if you can't tell the
ceiling goes at a point like this yeah
and so I wanted to be like a quiz I
thought Oh makes the room feel most
figure but now that they're this way I
actually think I like it more yeah it's
really cool how they're just kind of
like pointing towards their fireplace
points this way and the room like goes
to a point this way so you just sort of
all look kind of odd so I think there's
a lot of different angles up here but
that's what they look like so they're
coming out of that wall and into that
one and we have two moving lights or
fans or anything yeah it just worked out
yes I'm so excited about all the new
house improvements that we're doing you
want to ride
is like by
to get that look like he gets when he's
on the slide hey guys so my house is a
crazy mess right now
still not put together and Brian and my
dad are working on hanging our blinds
those are some new ones which looks so
nice I love them they're like dark grey
like a slate gray huh the shades what I
home oh yeah the shades but Olli has
something really special he wants to
show you what do you have here apostle a
paw patrol stool
Abdallah dino stool who made this for
you yeah Papa made this for you little
t-rex oh and what's that one a long neck
what's that kid thoughtful and who's
that taste and watch it Wow so yeah my
dad made these for Olli because he needs
a stool to get up to the potty and so he
made this one also it says oli and
Finn's name so they can both use it
forever and ever and it is so cute this
one's made out of pine and this was made
of oak so he loves this one because it's
made out of hardwood my dad's like
really crazy about woods hahaha yeah
it's really really cool I went to the
toilet yeah it's just something that
will have forever like he passed this
down did you tell Papa thank you ayuk
the pot oh yeah this one's pretty cool
yeah so my dad he made he put this in
here he cut these dinos so they lay flat
and then he poured this what is it resin
resin in it and he even had to like put
fire on it to get all the bubbles to pop
and stuff I know he's like I don't want
to get it
he thinks it's like a clear dino egg
can't get this one out huh
and you even made it so you can feel it
just a little bit there yeah you can
feel the Dino just a little Sony huh my
dad is just becoming like it a
perfection but all things would
this thing is really cool these are the
kinds of things that you have forever
and ever I know how many things I can
have forever and ever dad all right our
living room is a mess
and it's freaking Missy out so we are
cleaning up and gonna put everything
back together and she wants to do a
time-lapse of course
you
hey Siri opened my big kitchen window
okay
the big kitchen window was open look at
that you guys boom we got a bunch of our
shades set up in the living room area we
got the big kitchen window on the doors
over here still got to find a solution
for on the side of those two because
they didn't make a shade small enough
for those windows so I think we're gonna
just try and have Papa create something
for it we'll see he likes to challenge
it try and figure out who try and figure
it out but yeah we got the house all set
up we got some shade set up it's coming
along it's crazy what new shades and
beams and fireplace does just so fun
yeah it just looks really clean up yes
so definitely liking these new shades
and I can control it with my voice which
is really cool too okay ready go bye
you
