hey guys before today's vlog starts we
want to let you know that we have a very
exciting announcement that's right if
you're watching this it means that my
new single idaho is now available
worldwide it's on iTunes Google Play
Store Amazon everywhere
this song means so much to us because it
really captures what it was like to grow
up in a small town together
it totally does and I know as youtubers
we put a lot of ourselves out there but
there are actually a lot of stories that
we get to really talk about with you
guys and Idaho is just the beginning of
beginning to tell you those stories so
please make sure you check the links in
description and download his new single
I am so incredibly proud of him and all
that he's been working on this is such
an exciting time and like you said this
is only the beginning of what's to come
that's right now on to today's vlog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
since that big
just wanna
Oh
good morning you guys it is very very
early and I am leaving to go on an
aeroplane to go to Canada I'm gonna be
flying all day today and I have to say
goodbye to a couple of important people
my karma keep everyone safe okay and
last but not least I have to say goodbye
to Finn but Missy would probably kill me
if I went into his room right now and
kissed him or hugged him or anything
like that so my buddy love you money
good morning Holly where we going
regarding Mimi and Papa's and karma
thinks he's going to and I told him 12
times to get out karma
you're not going you got to get out
karma boy I'm sorry you can't go you
can't come on go boy good morning guys
I've actually just stopped up always and
last time we vlogs and I am actually
running into an urgent care appointment
for myself because I had what is like
the lingering of of a bit of a UTI for
the past couple days which might be a
little too much information but that is
the truth so I'm gonna head in to the up
to this appointment and hopefully they
can get me on some medication to get me
better before it gets worse because it
definitely feels like it's been getting
worse
Finn is ready out of the car so we
couldn't go into this appointment
together and just like that I'm at the
airport with Geoffrey what's up guys
we're going to Canada bro I'm so Canada
yeah I've heard you're not supposed to
say that it's kind of offensive they
don't say that sorry say they don't say
that but we know you do Canadians are
exciting oh my gosh I'm so excited to
try poutine pouty what is it
poutine no so you know what I'm saying
dude it's french fries with cheese and
gravy like cars like it's like cheese
curds yeah so I'm very excited for that
and I'm excited for the cold weather
excited to be in Canada you guys you
don't hatch probably between the two of
us like eight jacket and ten purses
shoes yeah that's true for sure
like why do I need two different kinds
of black please never been to Canada so
we don't know what we want to wear we
don't know what the the the style vibes
gonna be you know picking up our style
you enjoying your lunch there buddy
this is pretty good he's eating grilled
cheese and carrots right now all right
so I finished with the doctor
appointment which didn't go exactly on
as I planned it was gonna be like over
an hour long wait and now like a million
things to do today so I went ahead and
just like left the sample and hopefully
they'll be able to test it and just tell
me whether or not I have what I think I
have but I actually just got lunch with
my boy
and now I'm gonna go meet Kelsey at her
hair appointment and I think Michelle is
actually gonna do my hair too cuz we're
going so we're fun tonight
and Kelsey wanted to get her hair done
so we're gonna go do that real quick and
then we're gonna meet up with Ollie and
the rest of the fam Bryan is off to
Canada for the next few days I'm also
really excited for him to actually
perform itself as new music and his new
music comes out today or tonight and I
think it supposed to be a really fun
time I think he's even premiering one of
the music videos there which is
absolutely amazing it's really exciting
and I'm glad he gets to do that and I'm
glad that we aren't have the opportunity
to get to do stuff like this it has
always just died when he has to leave us
but he'll be back pretty soon we're at
the hey Kelsey the Michelle getting some
blonde highlights and Cyn is everywhere
it's fine because I'm not really doing
anything right now but he's just
everywhere diva diva so I am connecting
now in Detroit we are about to board our
plane to Toronto but I realized I don't
have a tie I brought my suit brought my
shirt but I do not have a tie for the
gala at buffer festival and look what I
found
it's a tie bending machine these are the
three ties that are available the yellow
the blad or the blue dots I like that
one
I'm gonna go for that one and I want to
show you guys this is really interesting
ties this one $29.99 that's a pretty
good price for a tie
check that out that is so cool
this is my tie seems like there's a
vending machine for everything and I'm
very thankful I was able to get a tie
for the red carpet gala I bought my
dress
this kid is born Oh both kids are
actually sleeping ends up picking him up
after our hair appointment and now we
are getting ready for our fun night
where me and Kelsey a few of my family
so like Natalia someone with us and then
Chrissy and taralyn are going to but
they're going to be doing like something
sort of separate but we're all going to
the Keith Urban concert tonight and so
I'm really really excited assuming super
fun plus I just love it's going to be
like one of our last nights with Kelsey
or one of my last nights with Kelsey and
so it'll be really fun to just kind of
do like a girls night and have fun um so
yeah I'm getting ready now I'm trying to
pick up pick out my outfit and the kids
are both napping which is really nice so
I can like get ready and not just dress
well they're running around the house so
they're sleeping so that's good
you
all right we're off and we're with
terilyn Natalia Christy's driving
Kelsey's in the front because she's
pregnant gets sick so easily and we've
had a fun trip it's been a really pretty
sense of the whole Drive but I really
missed most of it so if you want to
watch it on mostly on Kelsey but it was
really pretty but we're off to go see
Keith Urban it should be a fun night but
we don't get to all sit together me and
Italia and Kelsey get to sit together
and then Kristi and terilyn actually
have some really cool box seats and they
like VIP and so I'm not sure where we're
gonna be but it will be split up look
like Tara linen cuz you're awake ha ha
oh ha new door dude we made it where I
get it uh that's pretty cool we just
went through customs and we are making
our way to the hotel
all right we've made it to the concert
and
Natalia might have gooseneck way over
there miners I actually said you're
there
Maron Morin is performing right now it's
so cool
we're a Canada we're on a train from a
car to a plane to a train that's how we
do in Canada
now
and we're all together we're really
super close and this is where Christian
let me show you is one of these top ones
up here
which are actually really awesome sees -
she can see this days really well we
don't get it together
I have arrived you guys check it out
buffer festival featured creator and I
am now in my hotel this place is
seriously so crazy-looking and according
to Julie from fullscreen she said that
the Queen stays here the Queen of
England stays here at this hotel
speaking of Queen my new single just
came out on iTunes and I've been in a
frenzy I haven't even gone up to my
hotel room actually sat in one of the
chairs and kind of set up like a command
center and I had my laptop out my phone
out and was getting everything ready and
I just got a say first of all I'm like
blown away by your guys support it
literally means the world to me and I
was really kind of nervous about sharing
just music with you guys and I'm so glad
that you guys love it and you're
connecting with it so thank you guys you
haven't got the single on iTunes you can
go get it link down below in the
description oh hey dude until you were
in Canada yes the Queen stays here
beautiful yeah and the king of Idaho
okay anyway we're exhausted from a long
day of travel so we're gonna get
cheeseburgers right cheeseburgers yes
cheeseburgers and french cheeseburgers
and fries do it let's do
you
check it out you guys the CN tower we
are jumping out of to take a trip there
we are walking right now in downtown
Toronto to look for food the names of
the food places here are so cool
there's jackass doors and then there's
one called the loose moose which I think
we're going to either one of these feels
so good out here too
reminds me of New York in November when
it's like nice and cold
hi wish you were here babe all right we
were at the loose smooth this place is
so cool and look they have you guys it's
literally just a wall of bones
just kidding there's no one that we
ordered poutine you guys this is
happening it's gravy dude gravy and
cheese yes thank you first for tuning
all that looks interesting
no get on who the gravy's good dude
that's amazing Canada you are so amazing
you have in love with Canada you guys
a lot of the songs are like things that
we know and I don't know ever I know I
know
yeah a lot more than this yeah there it
was really fun I was it fun girls night
for sure all right you guys I'm back in
my hotel room I am exhausted I'm on
California time which is 1049 but here
in Canada it's like - that might be a
problem because I have to get up early I
have a big press day tomorrow and bunch
of fun stuff to do but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up subscribe and be
sure to go download Idaho on iTunes I'm
so happy it's finally here and you guys
get to hear all the new sounds that I've
been playing with so please go check
that out Missy I love you I'm so glad
you had a blast at the concert tonight
hopefully we can FaceTime tomorrow all
right thanks for watching guys we'll see
a my alibi mmm all right guys I just got
home and it is so late it's actually so
late that if you're watching this hit
the day it came out it's the same day
right now the kids are asleep I had such
a fun night was just so awesome to be
able to hang out with Kelsey one last
night and be with Natalia and just the
girls and we had a great time I am
missing Brian so much I'm so excited for
him that he's in Canada and he is having
such a blast Idaho just came out and it
is such a cool fog and I'm just so
excited like it literally just kind of
makes us feel like we're back in Idaho
and like teenagers again anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video make sure
you give us thumbs up if you did and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
you
