where's Olli
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
on
sauce that big Wars
just running
Oh
forever your
hello how's it going ollie
good what'd you do this morning oh you
got apples but what'd you do today
where'd you go I go ah Xiu can swim
class how was it good all he just got
back from swim class he had a blast
swimmin with Peyton and now guess what
man you could hang out with Mimi and
Papa our Mimi and Papa the best yeah
yeah they're pretty much sauce guys oh
yes he sees Kelsey's dot that's Paris
yes so you got your lunch what are you
eating for lunch
you got apples and look at that you got
a Halloween bucket who's that on it yeah
that's Charlie Brown did you get a
Charlie Brown toy oh wow he didn't get a
toy do they not give toys of McDonald's
anymore I guess not huh but yo this is
the toy I guess this is the toy right
Olli hey we should fill this with candy
on Halloween huh yeah Vinnie you all set
you're gonna have fun with Mimi and Papa
today he's so cute he didn't get to do
swim today but we are getting ready go
taking Kelsey in Corbin to the spa for a
very relaxing much-needed day all right
we are here at the spa Missy is all
mudded up hahaha so cool you look like
you're like camouflage ha ha look at me
I put it all over my face and now it's
like starting to harden and I can barely
move my face
it feels so good though
we look like scary creatures you guys I
cannot barely move my face so cool
though right yeah who knew you go to a
spawn then you get dirty ah oh ah trying
to break it all off me
so once it dries I think you're supposed
to rub it in and then you rinse it off
yeah yeah oh hi what's your mouth
pumpkin bread
Ian I missed you today bud yeah Joey fun
day
he's like I'm eating hi pumpkin bread
that's awesome thank you miss mama - you
smell kidding nope
Kelsie's over here trying to dress spin
and I gotta say then that's probably a
level three no K's it was level one
through five he would be at least a four
he's so hard to get dressed he doesn't
ever stop he's like in pot just imagine
a poopy diaper okay and I miss the bus
now I'm like just like redo it you a
still nah he even with the toy guys like
he'll just take that toy throw it and
try and go get it
you could go play now go go go she did
it she passed level four huh
now you guys gotta up your you up your
ante huh I'm gonna next time I'll be
level five he's crazy and look who else
is all ready for bed you got your
jammies on you look so cute in your
little onesie you know that you got a
dustpan
I think bin got that for his birthday
yeah all right guys it is almost bedtime
but before we go to bed we are going to
do a little race we've got both their
cars set up actually both of these are
Finn's you got them both for his
birthday but we'll let Olly ride the
truck he'll write this one are you guys
ready yeah on your marks get set go come
on guys come on
Go Go come on Finn Finn come on ollie oh
my gosh you're gonna win he's abandoned
the dustpan Oh always the winner
- come on Finn come on like I'm even
know how to make this go here to start
over and try again all right we've got
round number two are you guys ready on
your marks get set go
then go then go we've got cute lyric arm
over here come on
and Bentley you gotta move your feet
dude come on come on dude you gotta go
alright it's round number three and this
time they've decided to switch cars are
you ready Finn are you ready Ollie okay
on your marks get set go
and the thing you gotta press the button
there can you go go on your marks get
set go
and all you win again
come on go ready
can't do that Finn okay let's start at
square one boys
I just got back from grabbing dinner and
the kiddos are watching Twilight you've
never seen it oh I see no you see the
last bucket the last one was lame the
first one is so good I love Twilight and
why we've been trying to watch fall
movies like hocus pocus and ABS family
just movies that are like really good to
watch in the fall time and this is
definitely one of them I just got back
from getting Oliveri garden hey Oliver I
went to Oliver garden and you just eaten
some late night out milk do you ever
stop eating he's watching Toy Story huh
hey you want a breadstick
I'll give you an Oliver garden
breadstick Oliver loves the breadsticks
from Olive Garden I mean who doesn't I
mean just like a staple they gave me a
bunch of them look at that's action
doing it one-handed oh that one has a
bite out of it I think the waitress took
a bite of my breadstick just kidding it
was me here you want it yummy oh it's
too hot yummy put it on a plate for you
all right you got your breadstick on a
plate happy yeah check out the spread
you guys we got chicken parmesan lasagna
salad soup breadsticks sandwiches
alfredo dipping sauce breadsticks and of
course we had to get the half gallon of
chicken gnocchi soup because this is
just amazing you do have a breadstick
huh the yummy yeah all right Allie it's
time for bed are you ready for bed yeah
are you tired Oh Mama's tired anyways
guys I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog we had a such a fun day to go fun
day oh he's hidin but if you guys don't
know this is weird literally
I'm like one of the final days of
calcium carbonate so sad but we really
enjoyed having them here so if you guys
aren't subscribed to them yet make sure
you subscribe so you can follow their
journey not only home but their journey
too baby but anyways make sure to
subscribe to them we'll have them linked
down below also I want to let you know I
have a video on my channel that went up
the other day and part one of the scenes
it's like a lookbook and it Ollie has to
pretend to go to bed and it's so cute do
you like tricycles eyes open love me
smiling it's so cute so I'll have that
link down below too so you can check it
out Oh where's all right can you end the
vlog for me say yep
