digging pretty deep oh my gosh what is
that
it's Gloria say this is anyway hey so
happy wherever you are that's wherever
wannabe
sauceman's that big blue eyes
I am
forever
good morning guys it is Monday and I'm
gonna be honest I have been dragging
myself around the house to get things
done today I don't know why I don't know
if I'm getting sick or if it's just like
a Monday case of the Mondays
is that a thing that's a thing old
people say right no but like I literally
feel like I've been dragging myself
around the house today we got our
propane tank filled yay but after that
I've been sitting in my office and I've
been getting a lot of stuff done with
the album I actually am going through
the second mix of the entire album
straight through and just making notes
about little things that I kind of want
perfected and changed and stuff so we're
getting really really close we have
final track count which is 14 songs and
we have the final album art finished I
think been working on it for like months
trying to get the album art perfect and
I think I finally got it done too so
that'll be a really cool thing to show
you guys really really soon - I promise
this is all coming up really really fast
and yes excuse my shirt it's a little
holy today got some holes in my shirt
I was playing Missouri earlier and she
kind of just attacked me she just wanna
tax me no I'm kidding but I don't know
if I can actually tell people that I
bought a shirt with holes things I got
these uh when we were I was waiting for
Missy to finish buying her dresses I've
dried about my Texas today and went and
bought a couple of shirts from top shelf
top man I thought they were cool what do
you guys think - holy hi ollie how are
you today you're eating breakfast
spoiler it's actually lunchtime it's
lunch time only my kid ah Oh is she
cleaning up Finn's chair right now yep
give me huge me Ben made a huge mess
apparently yes he did at breakfast this
one always he's always making a huge
mess
say hi kitty hey you want to eat some
lunch yeah so like brain said it is
lunch time and all you really wanted to
eat pinna and jelly so I just thought
one of these out for him
he wanted a whole Apple he said do not
cut it up
I want a whole Apple he's got chips cuz
he loves
and actually it's really weird but Brian
likes to protein marine jelly you do a
lot of chips
he like Brian likes chips with Peter
enjoy I just think that's kind of weird
but Paul Alexa too and you've got
regular milk which he's been actually
enjoyed a lot lately so that's kind of
nice
Mama's bringing you your lunch
deke you're welcome Oh chips are first
because you love chips and you wanted a
whole Apple right you didn't want me to
cut it up okay for my lunch today I'm
trying something different I've got a
salmon which I've smothered in salsa
because I was grading salsa and I got
some mixed veggies here peppers potatoes
broccoli green beans and ever since I
had the diagnosis on my gallbladder the
doctor really wants me to eat a little
cleaner so I've actually been getting my
meals prepared and delivered from this
local company who does all healthy
portioned balanced local food and it's
been really good trying to meet me so I
don't have to worry about what to eat
and then make a poor choice with like
something unhealthy
hang on Ollie so I've actually been
really enjoying it and they've been
having like really good meals like with
chicken with fish different kinds of
fish and stuff and normally if I'm not
really into the food I just throw salsa
on it and I'm in love with it because
I'm obsessed with salsa oh your alley
yeah it's almost time to take that
band-aid off you know do you like your
lunch
hey can dad is still a chip please
please don't he said please Missy please
can I have one
oh I can have this one yeah thanks buddy
we are out of the house and we actually
have the kids with us spindle Mackey is
that not like a sharp we're all going we
are going to Brian surgeon appointment
which should be interesting cuz it did
for the a big appointment we're going to
be talking about you know what we need
to go with what light direction they
suggest that we go in whether we remove
a gallbladder or not I think we're
leaning towards obviously getting it
removed but we're gonna kind of talk to
them but we are taking the kids because
we have a few things to do outside of
the house and we didn't want to leave
them at home again because we're going
all day yesterday so I was like let's
take you guys but we had to go to a
doctor's women say I go looking forward
to this appointment or Holly supports it
well it's not it's for daddy it's not
for you okay yeah it's not for you it's
just daddy but it is you so you should
be nervous because you I'm not nervous
they'll probably want to make another
ultrasound appointment where they can
get a better look yeah I think they can
even see like they can do an appointment
where they can see exactly how many
stones are in my goal oh yeah like how
severe it is so that'll be good he'll
probably get a much better look maybe
still like a brief one just to see like
all around but then we'll call you and I
just looks at the gallbladder and figure
out what to do come on Finn
come on fit he holy sitting still max
he's not listening to me it's okay Olli
- hey Olli did mama give you some
tattoos you see comes along a
long-necked dinosaur okay what's that
one a heart for dad a heart and a heart
from my mom dad - this is mama missus
once a shared that bad yeah all right
I'm at my doctor's appointment and they
have this handy chart here that shows
all of the craziness that is inside of
your body this right here is the
gallbladder it's an accessory organ that
works with the liver right here so if I
get those
I forget the gallbladder house I liver
basically can take up the slack or so
I've been told
that's interesting to know where it is
because I didn't even have a clue whoa
what is that Finn Finn just saw a big
old fire truck didn't you I wonder what
they're doing here smells like chicken I
think they're here to get some chicken
at the grocery store we're headed into
Albertson to get some groceries Holly
what's that so many pumpkins huh
what is it almost dolly so much
hallowee-- almost Halloween and what are
you gonna be I'll be good you are yeah
this one look at his bumps you want to
fill it here fill it with your hands oh
so many cool-looking pumpkins huh yeah
that one's white that one's white that
one's green and this one's orange Watney
yeah there's two white right there yep
hafen cousin cousin cousin difficulty
he's like silently laughing OH
just got home back from the store and
look who is sleeping in our backseat
it isn't that time for bed hey Olli
we're home buddy we're home Kay he's
like I could care less I'm comfy got to
bring in some groceries and look at
these handy-dandy door holder openers we
got I just found these on Amazon and
it's magnetic so there's something on
the end of the door and then something
right there
so instead of trying to put a wedge
under there it just sticks magnetically
and now the door will not open while I
bring in groceries how cool is that
that's like a house hack look at this
beautiful sunset Ollie guess what this
cotton candy in the sky do you see it
it's so pretty
I know they're so high huh I know you
have to fly to get those huh anyways
yeah we just got back from the grocery
store and I actually bought these really
cool carrots that has um the full stem I
just went ahead and tore the green off
the carrot and I'm gonna go ahead and
give it to my chickens but I am really
looking forward to one day being able to
pick my own carrot
and like have like my own herbs that are
in my little garden like my plans are
that this one day all down here will be
like a garden and some of it will be
stuff that I can just like give to my
chickens
what are you doing that you big you big
munchkin I know you're holding the
shovel you're gonna dig something you
looking for Dino eggs oh that is a big
shovel Wow you think I should do it well
I want to give this to the chickens okay
so I give this to the chickens and you
could dig for Dino wait okay it's so
cute the way like coffee's the way Papa
does is so cute the chickens are like um
excuse me it is bedtime can you get out
of here okay all right well this is for
you guys for when you wake up in the
morning have a nice night guys what'd
you say
Jackie it's Sally you remember her name
Riley where do you want me to dig it
might be a dino egg yeah well I'm not
seeing any Dino legs really dig
somewhere else what about right here all
I really wants in the dig karma dig
digging pretty deep here's again where'd
it go oh my gosh how did you do that
Oh what is that it's lower thing this is
anyway hey so happy did your karma just
find you a dino egg all right Carl
you're taking a breeding righty-ho
all right stop karma karma karma Wow Oh
gotta stop I gotta fill this hole in now
your job just got you a dino egg yeah
not so cool it's so dirty
say thanks karma thanks Carm
thank you for the hole the giant hole
okay copy thank you fo
hahaha alright we filled our hole in
thank you so much karma you were so
helpful
now you got a dino egg you got to break
it open right okay
oli came over got his Dino cracking hey
hat on that you're hot and then he's
going to put it in his little Dino
Kraken station and you're going to wait
and then crack it open right okay you're
gonna start working on it now maybe it's
not ready you should probably let it
soak a little longer just finished
eating some delicious spaghetti for
dinner and oh no I am trapped you got me
yeah I'm not going to jail you need to
go to jail you need to go to gaol you
need to be
I'm TQ against taking me to jail babe
taking me to jail you gonna take them to
jail
hey oh no you did yeah
hey Olli did you have a good day yeah
yeah you have fun today that's right we
had such a fun day today but that's all
for today's video if you enjoyed it be
sure to give it a thumbs up and look at
Mickey's giving her a thumbs up two
thumbs up Mickey
Ali's say go vote daily bumps good kid
Giga link down below in the description
to vote for us or show the year on the
streamys if you haven't already and if
you have already you can do it 200 more
times today and then tomorrow then the
next and the next day and the next day
right yes ah careful alright thanks for
watching guys we'll see you manana
olliewood he say
