so I'm currently and always playroom
playing with him and he keeps doing the
cutest like pretend things and I'm gonna
try and capture what that I'm knowing so
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
just
I am alone
over every
good morning
you playing with balloons go show Finn
he's been dragging them around the house
all morning good morning guys oh the
kiddies gonna love those Finny look at
all the balloons get him get him get him
get him get him get him get him get him
attack the balloons it's good morning
Finn nothing like playing in the
balloons to wake this kid up good
morning guys
brian is off to Anaheim he's doing a
little band practice
paintin is over and all the impatiens
have been playing all morning and they
are the cutest little who are you ollie
you Chewbacca you're Chewbacca Ollie is
dying to open all of Finn's toys but I
told me has to wait for Finn we're gonna
open them later okay bud I'm gonna open
them and put them all away towel is over
and Kelsey and Corbin are here still and
so I was thinking we're gonna do a fun
little video for my channel with us
mom's Natalia and Kelsey and so I've got
like a fun idea I think Corbin might
actually help with it yes I'm interested
in question so I think it'll be a fun
little video I'll tell you what it's
gonna be out but it's actually a really
nice gloomy day outside so it feels like
yellow it looks really bright but hang
on there we go yes it's a very gloomy
gloomy day it's so like rainy and wet
but it feels so nice it feels like foam
all aboard
we're driving next to a train that's a
freight train though right Hey look at
it's Taylor Swift
it's just full of Taylor Swift CDs right
there you guys Jeffrey and I are on our
way to rehearsal we're gonna meet some
of the band guys and we're actually
going to a new rehearsal space which I'm
really excited about we've got some
songs we need to practice
because we have never performed them
live before we are doing a whole new set
for an upcoming show at buffer fest
which I will tell you guys about more in
a little bit
then what is happening in here are you
being naughty
he's like come look what I did mom I
dumped out all the cotton balls so you
just turn one and you just start doing
naughty things oh my gosh oh are you a
one major now like your brothers history
major and you gotta be like a one ager
now all right okay I literally turn
around for like five seconds and I come
in here and he's like torn knees apart
and I guess I'm Italian like saw him and
he's like see it he like jumped and he
totally knew he was like I am doing
something I'm not supposed to doing we
go now hmm what else can I get into big
kids so I'm currently in Ali's play room
playing with him and he keeps doing the
cutest like pretend things and I'm gonna
try and capture what I did she go Quinn
has been playing with his new toys all
morning even oli has been but Ally
actually got a fun little toy from
yesterday from one of my aunts and we
are gonna try and play it right now oh
no we're not eating in Kenya right now
okay all right so that's how you play
all eggs all right so the point of the
game is you don't want it to fall okay
need to stay don't touch it or to fall
but in each turn you have to get one of
these out very carefully so look mommy's
gonna get this one out holy I got one
out and it didn't fall if you don't want
to fall so you need to find like nope we
can't get it from the top that is smart
though go ahead and try to get one off
get one out
kind of press on Oh pizza maker look at
this one is good that one carefully okay
mom is Karen kay hmm no no don't let it
fall all right your turn you just have
to press on them like what use your
finger see how that one's good but that
one's hard it's nice you can actually
move that one carefully careful though
no like push it like home you gotta get
one out careful careful
you've got a press on it press and see
if it's loose okay one you don't want to
do it this too good grab it it's just my
oh my fall but you gotta get it in yeah
that's right again yep okay time for
another round grab it from the other
side you can just go over there
there you go okay pull oh that's okay
you got one more okay you don't want it
to fall you start get one that's really
loose like that one
grab it carefully just grab it carefully
Oh
watch ready it didn't fall so we're good
hashtag office for the day hanging out
at the velvet right now with these guys
my band we are going over the set
because if you guys did not know I'm
going to be at buffer festival this
weekend in Toronto Canada I'm going to
be premiering a very special
behind-the-scenes look at the making of
my new album at the daily vlogger
screening and then I will also be
performing live with these guys at the
much buffer festival live concert where
I'm going to be performing some new
songs and also premiering the music
video for my lead single Idaho which
will be on iTunes on October 21st so if
you guys are in the Toronto area click
the link down below in the description
and come see us play yeah
you guys remember Gus he played with me
at a playlist live he has a very
ferocious Rhino right near his head so
you don't rock out too much or you might
get a horn to the head bro one of those
is it no it's really like oh that is the
velvet rhino show some respect that's
kind of heavy is it yeah I think it
totally take me out
so we have finally made it out of the
house because in corporator they've got
Olly fast electric dad live on the cute
we are headed to Freebird we haven't
eaten and spent kind of a long day
getting work done so we're gonna got
some food do a little shopping hang out
for a bit and then we got a fun day plan
later so
out like this yeah thank you
we just got thin a little baby burrito
he's like so excited for it whoa update
on ollie
he's now laying in my lap is not want to
wake up so he's gonna sleep there all
right dude let me open that up for you
Oh
Oh
take the right one
q3
it's technically probably like just a
five board or on the five just so we are
still shopping and look where Finn is
this is perfect for you huh yeah all
right we made it out alive so many
things so many things see how easy it
would be to go overboard yes yeah like
there's just so many things that are
probably not necessary but sometimes
they make your life easier but sometimes
it's like not really needed but but
anyways it was really fun we got some
necessities like diapers cuz mommy
forgot her thanks for the bag
I hate proved I was like oh I'm gonna
give my diapers beyod now we're headed
back we're hoping my keys are in the car
because Kelsey tried to drive it over to
us and there was no keys so I hope we
can go home is me and Kelsey and Corbin
are getting ready to leave and we're
gonna put the cat away so that she's not
everywhere in look I just found her look
how big she's got guys she's huge
getting oh my gosh come here come here
alright we're gonna put you away for for
a little bit me and um Kelsey Corbin are
about to meet with Geoffrey Natalya and
Bryan and Carolyn and we're gonna go do
some fun stuff tonight so I just put fin
the bed and my mom and dad just came
over to watch Ollie and fin but it's
nice because I was able to put Finn to
bed he's asleep for the night and I'm
just gonna have a little fun for a
little bit and then we'll be back before
probably even before Holly goes to bed
probably not but hopefully I'll know a
little bit before we get back alright
Ali you get eaten your dinner Yama that
looks delicious
to love mommy's pumpkin bread you you do
that's good
well guess what mommy's gonna go
somewhere and she's gonna get scared
yeah that I think some monsters are
gonna try to scare me yeah but it's just
gonna be fun wish me luck cake go came
on good I'm over it ah hey guys I'm back
we're back the kids are asleep we had a
fun night we went to like a haunt of
local
hunt hmm just a little underwhelming
yeah maybe we're just getting old I know
I don't know if it's because we're
getting older or if it wasn't like her
like really terrible cuz I swear we just
like walked through Muslim were like
okay that one was born no nothing there
was one that was kind of scary it was
like just so dark you couldn't see
anything and yeah also just like one of
those local places they're good like not
sure it's gonna be that great and it
wasn't but it was still fun yeah it was
fun just to be out and it was like a
really nice night tomorrow I don't think
we have anything planned huh yeah the
first thing we don't have anything
planned in like I think two months yeah
so we're just going to be a family
tomorrow you need to relax but I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment check out
all those links if you'd like to see me
at buffer festival and remember my new
single comes out this Friday October
21st thanks for watching guys we'll see
manana by me Boop all good karma
hey I was hit by hmm
