we are completely wrapped on all four
music videos which is a really great
feeling because we've been working our
butts off for like six days straight
12-hour days and just I'm just ecstatic
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
I am
come grab area with
good morning guys it is the last day of
shooting I've made it all the way down
to Anaheim and I just have one quick
shot I have to do and then I'm off the
party planning I'm pretty some idiot in
there
it's very intense in here have you
bought any of it no oh I have to wait
you have to wait for the video it's
intense
I mean it's hard like being so bad ah
yeah yeah I could not do that very
difficult about you're doing that yeah
it looked really intense so yeah I'm off
to get my hair and makeup done and then
I have to just do one part I will be
actively one oh yeah this is one part
I've got Michelle here have any bad
we're off to get ready black please
where did you
all right so I went to the Shu I did
like one scene and as pre-much done in
like an hour but it takes like an hour
to get there but because I left at
basically any time after you we're gonna
be in traffic for like two hours and
like doubles the time so I'm super
bummed that we're driving in traffic but
I feel like once I get home it's just
gonna be like me preparing for the
parties we have this week everything is
at the house like I don't think I need
to make any more stops at like the
stores or anything I'm just gonna go
home and finish my projects get it all
ready and hopefully just have like a
really fun weekend make sure it's not
too stressful for anyone and I think
it's mean good so I'm excited but
Bryan's gonna be there like all day long
so I've got Michelle we're in the car
from the next two hours I think it'll go
fast enough hopefully we can get over to
that fast track area and maybe it'll
start moving soon that would be nice
all right guys I'm home I'm home I was
in traffic for so long but I finally
made it and it's not even dark out so I
call that a success but check out my
little etsy what does they call it an
Etsy sweatshop that's happening right
now
we've got Cassie over here wrapping the
dreamcatcher circles he's uh doing the
twine Oh Paulie what are you doing are
you working
oh that's your job your job is to just
jump and she's cutting papers and then
my job is to put the beads and the
feathers on to the dreamcatchers so like
we're just working hard at all kinds of
stuff I'm super excited I'm glad that
I'm all done because now I can like
really focus on the parties that I've
got going on oh hello you guys I have
just gotten home and I'm very sad to
report that I missed putting the kids to
sleep there is little Finny fast asleep
and there is oli fast asleep Missy did
FaceTime me while I was on set and I got
to say good night to Olli so that was a
plus but yes I just got back had a very
long shoot day but we are completely
wrapped on all four music videos which
is a really great feeling because we've
been working our butts off for like six
days straight 12-hour days and just I'm
just exhausted but I'm seriously so glad
that it's finished
I'm so
but I'm just so excited to be able to
show you all the stories that we created
this past week because we worked with
like an incredible crew super talented
actors and I think you guys are
definitely in for a treat but I'm home
now something I go see what Missy has
been working on by the way just notice
that the hallway is pink and the dining
room is blue so I think there's a
recurring theme going on sob Abe what
are you doing doing gender reveal stuff
I'm pretty excited about it I feel like
I found my calling I might be
approaching a last-minute party planner
yeah like I only do last-minute ones
because then if it fails it's like well
you only gave me like ha ha ha
Missy's new business y'all that's quite
funny are you making a sign for parking
no actually this is maybe a sign that's
going to tally up like the old wives
tales like okay so say like heartbeat
over 140 girl or boy and then she'll
circle which Oh like is it'll have like
a whole low and then well I completely
forgot did it what were any of ours
wipes tells did they ever tell us we
were having girls like ours really
always opposite but I don't know so
crazy like it's a morning sickness yes
for girl no for boy baby's heartbeat
over 140 not over 140 so it's got all
the answers I'm going to try and like
copy this Hannah that's cool old wives
tales I don't know if they mean anything
and I think that's why they're called
old wives Tess oh yeah Missy's been
working on the gender-reveal party for
Kelsey and Corbin got pink and blue
stuff set up everywhere they've moved
the table and set up a little area over
here as well everything is kind of just
coming together it's hot tub time
we have been working so hard all night
trying to get the party set up and I
feel like we're like doing so good
tomorrow should be a piece of cake but
we've got a new person here that's Sonny
you guys have probably seen him a couple
times so this is Corbin's brother did
they look related I don't know I feel
like you guys do not like relate at all
do you
diggie India they look for Lina I don't
know hi yeah like face shake I don't
know what it is but sometimes I'm like
really
yeah studies here he drove here all the
way from Arizona so excited tomorrow's
can be really fun and Brian finally home
but he's really tired so he's probably
just gonna go to bed but I had to go in
the hot tub at least once I haven't been
in in a while and we've been working
really hard today so hot summit is Oh
which by the way Kelsey is in but it's
actually not that hot I never turn it on
too high because I just don't like it
very hot and plus if she's pregnant she
really can't be too hot so guys you say
yeah you're being safe yeah a word
always say oh yeah that's what the cool
thing about having a hot tub you can
like set it to whatever temp that you
want that you're comfortable with so
we're gonna say now it's fun to just
hangout and not have to do anything Oh
God million you're soaking wet did you
get so wet outside I specifically did
not let him into the pool area because
it's cold that I didn't want to get wet
and him just like be cold all night or
dirty or wet and stuff
keep still was able to go outside I
can't help getting wet from like
sprinklers in the grass and such a
bummer huh
you're okay Doha not soaking wet at
least that damn Hill dry off huh but
anyways guys that is the end of this
vlog but everyone is asleep and passed
out I've been just kind of going over
all my last-minute things that I need to
get together but it was a really fun day
I'm really excited that we finished four
music videos this week it was such a
busy week but so exciting like serious
like memories were made this month or
this week and it was just really cool to
be able to do something like that that's
a wrap on the videos that's a wrap on
this vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed it
make sure you give this video a thumbs
up if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow for a big exciting day and also
if you're not subscribed to Kelsey in
Corbin make sure you are because we do
fun stuff all day with them and so if
you want to know what else we're doing
make sure you go subscribe to them see
what's going on plus they're pregnant
and we're about to find out what they're
having well I know but can be really fun
so make sure to subscribe we'll have
them links down below once you guys
summer
Hey
you
