you silly wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe all
one side big
Oh
with me
good morning guys if you don't know
Kelsey is over and we have been super
busy working on all kinds of projects
for the gender-reveal party this weekend
look at this and I can tell you what
this is for but I think it looks really
cool got like moss on it we like made
these just now we've been working on
tons of projects but now I have to leave
because I actually do still have to do a
couple more things for the music video
shoots so I am off to the next
destination for a video shoot which I'm
hoping isn't going to take up too much
my day because I really need to get back
this gender-reveal party stuff is
everywhere so Kelsey and Corbin are
going to stay back you guys can check
out their vlogs see what they're
thinking run pretty much take over the
house and probably like you know destroy
it and stuff that was good but anyways
I'm off to the music video so let's go
all right we are at Missy's parents
house and she is headed in to do some
more shooting he look cute
I like your pony so crazy my house
take it over I know yes we are still
filming for music videos you guys
tomorrow is the last day and it's been a
lot of work but I'm really really
excited to share these stories with you
guys and I think you guys are really
gonna appreciate just like the honesty
and how real they really are you know
but yeah now we're at Mimi and Papa's
house because they needed a room to
decorate and they had a spare room so
now that Cassie's gone so we have turned
Cassie's room into a set and they are
filming so it worked out and I'm just
trying to keep Finn company I just had a
ton of writs all over me oh that was
adorable can you do that again please
let's see if he does it he pushed it
earlier and then it knocked him down it
was quite cute by the way you guys check
out my shirt I'm repping Star Wars
actually got this at Urban I think it's
like a foreign language but it's cool
new rogue one trailer came out today and
it looks so good
I'm so excited look at this kid oh my
gosh you're actually climbing right now
I don't know if I should be letting you
do this
Benny are you just a daredevil Betty
what are you doing you're stressing me
out oh you're a daredevil dude what all
right you want to climb up oh there you
go whoop
oh that's okay hang on uh-huh he's
talking so much today you guys oh you
want that you want out you wanna okay
this is the back of the room though
they're just in things for this next
shot right now I gotta say I'm seriously
blown away by the amount of work that
this crew has put into this whole
production Stephanie my producer just
found an amazing group of people who are
so talented so professional and they're
kind of bringing Missy a nice story to
life there's a lot of responsibility
with something like that and they're
just killing it you guys so it's gonna
be cool by the way think you guys will
be seeing one of these music videos this
month as well just a little spoiler
alert and just an action workup to
the real star has arrived everybody
karma is here for his close-up oh and
now he's back
I'm karma get back in there he's like
there's so many people back home looking
fell asleep on the way home he actually
fell asleep on the way to Mimi and
Papa's and then fell asleep on the way
back
hi ollie what's up buddy you don't want
to wake up a cat that just shot me yeah
paint that well not what did you try to
do something in your dream about a ball
yeah what happened I'm sorry buddy I
didn't mean to wake you up did I wake
you up oh hi how was your little nap oh
gee you had a funny dream Oh someone's
at the gate the whole crew is headed
over here now to finish up shooting
hello hey a legend
we have friends coming over not cool
yeah hey do you wanna go make dream
catchers with Kelsey yeah let's go see
what Kelsey come on hey man woke up a
little grumpy Kelsey and Corbin are
making dream catchers for the party open
the phones ringing off the hook huh so
Saturday we are all finding out what
kind of baby is in Kelsey's belly it's
not exciting ollie
yeah yeah so they're making dream
catchers so you guys still have no clue
no clue the only person that knows is
missing and oh yeah misty had to call
the Baker to let them know what kind of
cake to make please no calling
Albertson's you guys yeah you want to be
surprised
Corvette is now helping with the dream
catcher situation because apparently
that's going very slow yo its Ben
two hours - okay yeah they are let me
see that is so cool I had I always had
dream catchers when I was a kid growing
up they're always next to my bed hey
Olli do you think Kelsey's having a boy
or a girl just I think he's falling back
asleep in my arms right now well and he
is asleep again nap number three getting
ready to start shooting again and we're
gonna be doing some really cool driving
scenes at some roads actually by our
house because it's just like really
beautiful up here
I don't wanted to show you guys this is
what it takes make a music video you
guys I've probably been seeing like the
whole crew we have like 30 guys on crew
and this is what our house looks like
right now just swather off cars all up
the street that is gonna be the car that
Missy is driving it's just like a little
black mom car and then I'm actually
driving something really fun it's a
black sports car which you guys will
have to wait for the video to see so I
gotta say this has been such a cool
experience
CHP actually shut down the two miles of
highway for us and allowed us to shoot
safely and get the shots we need so
seriously huge thanks to California
Highway Patrol and now we just get to do
some interior shots of both Missy and I
and everything is going really good this
really has been really fun Missy's a
little bummed because she didn't get a
cool sports car yeah you got a you got a
mom van I got my mom van oh how is it
walking in those heels babe in the dirt
really really hard so what I've got here
is a piece of wood so I can take off my
shoes and then stand on this oh wait you
weren't sitting on that in the car oh oh
they're calling me all right I'm going
gonna do interior shots alright it is
very cold and dark out Corbin and Kelsey
made a Starbucks run and they are
amazing Oh Michelle this one's for you
yay thank you she's like I'm not getting
out of the car breathing cool
grande chai Catherine thank you we go
plastic hot chocolate it's good it's
good I oh I was like I just not order a
classic guy chocolate I ordered a
cocktail I made sure it was a tough it's
good it's like kind of like I didn't
order that
did I get anything yeah I'm looking for
pumpkin oh yeah pumpkin latte pumpkin
spice latte and we got a huge budget
drop warm drink feels nice right it is
really cold
we're getting set up for the last shot
of the day then we're done
oh my goodness I have missed my boys so
much today but yeah it has been such a
busy week it's been so hard cuz we every
single day are just busy and we try and
squeeze in as much time with our boys as
we can but it's easier to get it all
done in one week rather than to like
spread out which is an option but yeah I
have been just been the all day doing
all these different types of shoots it's
been a long day I've had like 20
different looks on me like 20 different
types of makeups and hairs and stuff
it's really cool it's really exciting
it's kind of fun but it's also a
shooting tomorrow
yep tomorrow's last day oh and I just
have one quick quick st. amant and then
I'm like done which is good I've a party
I'm planning so hey okay we got some
guys okay see you oh I'm fancy
that's a 1 2 4 4 5 yeah now you roll
them and welcome oh yeah drop them all
right this one's a three one another
three and two fives yeah you stack em
Wow okay see how how you can stack them
and count while you do it - OH
see if that yeah one seven two
three four five
hey I work on that okay show me how you
stuck three four one more one more
oh good job
so anyways one last day and then I feel
like life is gonna slow down just a
little bit just a little I feel like
your life is never like totally slow but
hopefully we'll slow down a little been
fun and exciting kind of cool it's
really fun that we have our friends in
town I really want to spend time with
them so I'm excited to kind of slow down
and just yeah we got a feed that fishy
huh and climbing up on his own
all right you got the fishy just a
little tiny bit okay yeah a little pinch
oh he do fishy do you remember when you
got him ollie yeah you were just little
and he was just a little guy
now you're both grown up into big boys
huh hey let's give him a little bit more
he's been a really good fish lately okay
no no no you don't tump it in just get a
little pinch hey I'll do it
oh look at good job fishy thanks for
being a good fishy fish that's a fake
plant Oh y'all fix pink what are you
doing ah oh you're on my back yeah hey
Ollie guess what what I love you dad Lee
yeah papi me I cute
Shawn Papa made you a huge sword yeah I
heard we'll have to see that soon kay I
want to see I didn't get to see you huge
side ah bingo night yeah yeah it's
almost about that time huh you don't
have yeah that's the time I was
referring to okay what do you do with
your silly yes you are you're silly at
night
ah as you are easy why
you silly okay now you just be gross
Dada wins catches my hand my hands not
ticklish ah
all right oli did you have fun day with
Mimi and Papa yeah yeah thanks for being
a good boy all right we're gonna go down
the block day oh I need an
umbrella I hope you guys enjoyed
watching if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up yeah subscribe leave a comment
go subscribe to calcium core videos I
have a link below cuz their friends hang
out with us okay tomorrow's last day
shooting I'm just completely wet thanks
for watching
