easing the zucchini french fries do you
like it Finn he likes everything
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
that big
I am
trevor you win
dude you got a dinosaur on your back you
need to get out of here and go find
dinos yeah all right go find dinos in
this house we are always looking for
dinosaurs rain shine snow California no
matter what the weather we're always
looking for dinosaurs but right now I'm
actually whipping up some lunch cause it
is lunchtime
these are zucchini fries you guys we're
tricking my body into thinking it's
yummy
french fries but it's not a zucchini
it's zucchini so I basically got a
zucchini I cut it all up
tossed it in some mayonnaise and
breadcrumbs and now I'm gonna toss these
into the oven and make some zucchini
fries for lunch all right let's throw
these bad boys into the oven and see
what we get after 15 minutes I'm
actually really excited to try this
because I have my gallbladder removed
kind of have to start eating a little
cleaner and not eating so much
deep-fried food so if I like these maybe
I can make them more often hey guys so
I've been working all morning on my
channel I got a video up so if you
haven't checked it out at the popsicle
video it's with the kids it's super cool
have it linked down below the poor
Finn's bent in you're crying because you
have a very short nap and woke up and I
just could not grab him so I'm getting
you now I'm sorry I'm sorry you woke up
too soon and I wasn't done I didn't take
my eat you
let's get you just yeah you could go
have fun with your brother okay all
right so this is what I picked out we've
got this super cute monkey shirt that I
got from the Smithsonian Museum when we
were in DC the material is really cool
it's very soft and like flowy and then
I've got a really cute hmm Vandana
that's a dark green and I think goes
well with it and then we've got some tan
pants we're gonna put this on you right
now ready there you are love it it looks
so cute on you
all he actually has the same shirt he
wore the other day and it's just like so
comfy I wish I had a shirt as soft and
nice as that all right Finn let's go out
with have a fun day so you had to sit in
a little bit huh you guys I'm so excited
it's raining it's well it's drizzling
also check out this zucchini fry I made
it's actually really good
probably gonna cook them a little bit
longer but you know those are good but I
want to come out here and show you guys
the rain because it's actually pretty
monumental for California
we never get rain and it's raining I can
feel it you can get a good idea of how
much it's actually raining from the pool
so yeah it's kind of just drizzling just
a little bit of rain but I absolutely
love the smell I love the feeling of
rain I love swimming in the rain too
today's one of those days where we kind
of just have a lot to do and catch up on
so we're gonna stay at home and just try
and keep Olly from going crazy
finneus eaten some lunch and look at him
easy in the zucchini french fries what
do you think dude he's like oh this
pasta is really good too he's got pasta
granola and zucchini here eat that keep
that easy to get do you like it Finn he
likes everything all right I found a
very fun activity for Olli and I to do a
rainy day activity hey Olli what's your
favorite candy yeah what is this gummy
bear you actually found this at Hobby
Lobby it's a sweet and sour gummy
Factory and it comes with all these
really cool molds and it comes with a
giant gummy bear that we can also make
some fun yeah
so the kit actually came with a bunch of
different molds that came with gummy
bear molds and it came with gummy worm
molds and it also came with all these
cool fruit molds and it also came with a
bunch of different flavors I'm assuming
but they're mostly colors so we have
blue we have green we have read and we
have yellow and then all we do Ollie's
combine it with some hot water and we
put it in the fridge and it makes gummy
bears you don't like the worms all right
well I'll leave the worms and you eat
the Bears okay whose smell that ollie
sounds like cherries huh
candy
scoop it and put it right there
it is sticky huh
Oh
Oh
all right we filled up all our little
molds in that one and now we're gonna
make a giant gummy bear hey Ollie what
color do you wanna make the gummy bear
yeah well red you want to make it the
colour of the mold all right let's pour
some red in there we also have some blue
and some yellow that I think we look
really cool okay okay Oliver is kind of
skeptical about this whole gummy making
thing because it's very messy huh messy
and sticky and not yucky huh
Wow not cool and let's do some blue whoa
and how about a little bit of yellow too
whoa
yeah that is gonna be one giant gummy
bear okay you excited to eat it it's big
Mickey yeah it is messy and yucky yes
all right so I've placed our gummy
experiment in the fridge and we will
find out in 30 minutes if it was a
success or a fail ollie guess what time
it is time to check the gummy bear
all right here it is and look inside it
definitely worked touch it who ends it
feel like you want to dump it out so it
actually Harden I'm very impressed and
now we're just gonna try and get it out
of this thing and look at we've got all
our other little gummy treats here as
well and they're all nice and hard we're
gonna take them out of the mold okay
okay so this one only has all our little
fruits in it and we're gonna try and
take out I don't even know how to begin
to do this but we're gonna try okay
buddy
ooh I'm kind of just pulling at it and
it's coming out that's our bananas
that's our pear oh and then we got our
strawberries look at only what's that
this is our Apple we also have our lime
and our watermelon watermelon hey you
want a little piece try it tell me what
you think good that's good yay the next
mold we have are all gummy bears look at
all those colorful coming bears
see if we can get the gummy bears
without mutilating them Oh what are you
doing are you eating them already ooh
got it oh look at that Ollie oh we got
ourselves a little gummy bear how cool
is that
Ollie we made this yeah I need you and
now let me get all of them out okay Oh
Ollie which ones are next what the words
we got lots of gummy worms here and
we're gonna pull them out now and check
them out okay oh look at we did them
different colors too these ones are
proving a little more difficult to take
out well it kind of got tore up a little
here you wanna eat that yeah it's really
yummy it's a gummy worm oh look at those
wine
there they have two colors ollie alright
Ollie now that we have all of our little
treats all pulled out we're gonna check
out the big one yeah hopefully it comes
out smoothly kay look at that cool
little gummy bear it's pretty cool huh
alright it is all hard I don't know how
we're going to dump it out but I'm gonna
pull it around the edges on the inside
it's gonna be so cool you ready if this
is been killing you alright
almost every no we're almost there huh
okay it's coming out free get a Holley
out it's coming out yeah
oh we decapitate him oh no his head
didn't come out Ollie oh crap okay hang
on let's get his head out oh and there's
this cute little head Oh
so it was a success but it was also kind
of a fail because we took his hat off
huh
oh let's try to put him back together
look at that dude we made a giant gummy
bear didn't we look at him he's all
jiggly he's all jiggly can he's doing a
dance I'm a gummy bear I'm a gummy bear
I have gummy bear did you the gummy bear
dance that's pretty dang cool if I do
say so myself
you've got a little bit of greens got a
little bit of yellow a little red a
little blue you want to eat them me tell
what do you want to do Ollie wait dad
you want to eat the big gummy bear okay
do you want his head or the body yeah
you want the pet body okay here you go
hold it what do you think ahead
let me try they go by to this big old
gummy bear cake looks so gummy it's like
you've been his head off bro you've been
his ear how's he gonna hear now I don't
think he's gonna be able to hear after
that no one's pretty tried to come
oh maybe through that ear yeah he's got
two ears huh he can do without one year
yeah that yummy poor gummy bear huh he's
so jiggly huh yeah you like it
are you happy oh hey Nathan yes I went
like that man thank you
hey guys I have barely had any time to
vlog today it has been a crazy day I did
bring a camera with me because I was
just getting a ton of stuff done but now
it is bedtime and I'm putting this
little one to bed he's so ready he's
like mom I didn't go to bed yeah you got
bit but yeah if we had a really great
day all I had a fun day with Brian we
just were ready I'm so exhausted
I'm excited you these kids bed and I'm
just gonna like relax but anyways I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video we are
gonna go ahead and end it so make sure
you give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
then can you see bye bye then d babe
Oh
