I got a present for me
um oh yeah yeah like it um yeah we're
gonna kill a surprise bro whatever you
oh that's whatever wannabe
salsa's that big
Oh
over every
good morning guys today we are doing
some home renovations that I'm so
excited
we're replacing this ugly old fireplace
with something really new and exciting
and look at they took off all the tile
and they're breaking out all the wood
that's what under our fireplace looks
like crazy so excited to see how it
would turn out I did take a before
picture so you will get to see the final
results compared to that but yeah our
living rooms kind of all torn up now
siding though excited to see what
happened
so Missy's out running some errands I
just put ollie down for a nap and Finn
woke up of course so just how it goes
I'm not gonna sleep with those ain't
diamond a let's let's pull a frozen do
you wanna build a snowman come on let's
go and play I never see you anymore come
out the door it's like you've gone away
we used to be best buddies and now we're
not I wish you would tell me
do you wanna build a snowman doesn't
have to be a snowman good morning buddy
you smell like poo poo do you want a
diaper change do you want it right now
you kind of stinky and I'm trying to not
turn my nose at you but it's to strew so
let's go change your diaper so you're
really clean and smell good and not like
poo do you want a diaper change cuz
you're kind of stinky good morning bin
look at him you so fascinated like what
are you seeing in Braille you're not
singing it right use not seeing it right
day 2 of the pizza yes it's still there
oh my gosh he stinks I gotta change
diapers oh hey there guys good morning
I've got my boys with me plus we're
getting popsicles it actually looks so
cold out it's very gloomy clouds it
feels pretty nice actually warm it's
actually warm you're right coz yes for
pops balls like I don't know it's kind
of cold out there you want to eat a pop
school imma come out here dance it's
warm it's not hot but it's definitely
warm and I got faint a little popsicle -
lets get this for you it's cold
ok let me open it up for you oh no he
doesn't need more hands if I can get it
done did it yep
what does that make me best mommy ever
YUM orange popsicle we're actually going
to check on the chickens right now and
then open fins real quick all right I
have a feeling both these boys are gonna
need a bath after this yum yum yum so
they are eating popsicles it's actually
after lunchtime you've already eaten
lunch and I'm now gonna go look at my
chickens I haven't keeping an eye on
them on the camera and I have seen
Lynette the big one and Bree the red one
drink from the hanging water that I just
put in yesterday but I haven't seen
Susan do it so I don't know if one she
doesn't know how or two she's too small
or three I'm just missing but there are
two
not here I don't know if you guys can
see Han hey there dad Shh I'll use
carrying a boy there's two losers right
there ones at mama and ones a baby huh
so anyways we're gonna go check on Susan
and see what the deal is
hey speaking about you Susan looks like
you were just standing on your little
thing do you know how to drink out of
this you know how to use it Holly yo G
alright guys hopefully you know how to
drink the water
it could just also be as simple as and I
haven't seen every second on the camera
and maybe she really has been using and
I just don't see her so hopefully she's
using I'm just gonna keep watch on the
camera once I see her use it like at
least once then I'll know she's good to
go all are you taking your brother for a
ride we're here
Oh they've been played outside while we
get some work done they're so cute I
know it's trouble hey Dinah chef oh
let's not do it in the nice grass though
dude I love this Batman underwear -
you're so cool ollie
way cooler than me stays in the car and
he likes you like it rocks onto the
radio
how cute it is such a gorgeous day out
here kind of chilly yeah it's actually
kind of cold I think it's gonna storm I
think it's raining yeah oh really
ball is here oh dear we're planning our
amazing group Halloween costume we're
buying Halloween pajamas we're gonna go
to the pumpkin patch we're gonna drink
pumpkin spice lattes we're gonna cuddle
by the fireplace hopefully that gets
finished it's just amazing I love fall I
love Christmas it's almost here it's
amazing
yes we will be decorating for Christmas
the day after Halloween and that does
not mean that we don't like Thanksgiving
it just means that we're very like
Thanksgiving and Christmas we like
eating our Thanksgiving annex to the
Christmas tree okay yeah look at this
it's like windy and breezy let me chase
we may all be paw patrol characters all
right so we are down at the mall running
some errands and we helped miss you back
in the car with Finn because she take a
second separate car so we need lots of
space then we walked by a cupcake shop
didn't we yeah all right well look at
Ollie I got this one and I got you this
one what the big one you can have
whatever one you want okay what do you
say Ollie
okay you're welcome
he stole my cupcake you guys you want me
to take this one okay I like the white
top
that is a pretty incredible cupcake
Holly yeah are you enjoying my cupcake
by the way Missy don't get mad I'm sorry
it'll have some better decision I'm
taking yours and you're taking mine yep
all right oli is going to buckle himself
into the car seat right all right buckle
it up almost here push it in push it so
close Christmas lights it's almost
Christmas time we are walking into Hobby
Lobby me and Missy here
there's a couple of things she wanted to
get for the house and there's Christmas
lights in there already yes on the
Christmas trees did we find mama she's
very excited got a present for me oh
it's gone you got you come yeah again
yeah we're gonna kill a surprise bro I
have a piece of gun yeah thank you
he's showing the other half all right we
are winding down cleaning up watching
Toy Story hey what did Papa give you
today a foot I'm not one flashlight but
how many flashlights two of them Wow
Papa must think you're really special to
give you two flashlights huh and now you
can see in the dark huh yeah we're
winding down getting ready for bed you
wanna go outside with your flashlight
now let's go see you outside okay yeah
we can go get dinos and eggs come on
what do you see Oh show karma your
flashlight oh my gosh we did for a dino
didn't we mm-hmm is that cool Wow such a
nice night out you guys oh and look at
it's so dark patio is so clean now cuz
we don't have that little chicken coop
actually
you've got a dino egg okay I really want
to put a couch there or something nice
you know like I want to do a really nice
sectional here and then an outdoor couch
right there be really cool oh yeah your
Dino eggs that you crushed up the dino
egg crushing Molly we have to be quiet
because the chickens are sleeping in
their coop yeah see see they're all
asleep in their little little boxes Olli
yeah and if anyone is wondering susan
has used that since I went in there and
trained her so oh really
cool and by the way Missy got her new
phone today yes I did I got my new phone
and I covered it yeah we went to the
Apple we went to Apple Store and she got
a new case and a glass on top of the
glass helps protect the glass so if
anything like tries to break it yeah
this is like a nice case that honestly
has saved my phone so if she didn't have
it well you guys know she didn't have it
for a long time and then she was getting
her glass fixed every single week I
think we did that like three times and
then we're like okay so what time did
they go to bed tonight
a little bit earlier but for six 4650
they were in there Wow
yeah six it was like 650 they were in
there yesterday yeah it's crazy
as the time is getting like later
they're gonna start going to bed earlier
yeah okay it is night time and karma
still wants to play he never stops
I thought never stops oh my gosh oli a
big bug shining the light on it so we
could see oh my god we see bug oh that's
scared we don't need to get it let's let
him be whoa
Ali's got some new bedding tonight we
are getting rid of the Dinos even though
he still loves dinos my goal is
yeah this is really cool yeah she's
making it look good
Ali look at your new bedspread isn't it
cool jump on the bed jump on the bed
jump on the bed jump on the bed
it's a dreamcatcher oli yeah so if you
have any bad dreams they'll just float
up here and get caught by this yeah or
it's just a cool feather thing on the
wall ooh and now you got pillows too ooh
and fluffy pillows I like this fluffy
one too can we keep this unto many
fluffy pillows right
fluffy pillows rule that looks so cool
I'll lead and they look comfy and yes
Zuri is wearing a dress she's super
kitty yeah oh come here ollie is jumping
on me oh are you okay I do not push you
let's lay with that decade so as it
turns out they're not gonna finish the
fireplace mantel today that's okay
they're gonna finish it tomorrow and
we're gonna show you the before and
after but I'm really excited starting to
look really good
nah I just don't think the guys gave
themselves enough time to work on it
today so show you guys the new fireplace
mantel tomorrow but it's for today
that's all for this video I hope you
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment we'll see you manana Holly what
do you say but he's dead hey what do you
say bad taken goodbye
you
