get Mimi her cookie yeah actual mud
cookie I should not eat it then right
okay
wherever you are that's whatever wanna
be big
you look so
I am
holder ever
good morning hey how are you swine in he
has been an only child this morning
because all he ended up going with
auntie to my mom and dad's is spending
the night and having a little sleepover
he was so excited about he was so cute
like my mama Dada Dada and he's like I'm
husband night with auntie it was so cute
so anyways we me and Brian end up
sleeping in this morning which was so
nice this guy woke up at 6:30 but I just
like nursed him and put him back to bed
and then we like slept for another hour
too and it was so nice so now we're
actually getting ready to go we're gonna
meet the whole fam and Olli somewhere
fun but before thee I am gonna put some
food in the crock pot I've got chicken
and I think they do like some sort of
chicken and rice for dinner which I
think it'll be a really yummy Sunday
dinner just I'm gonna make that real
quick I hate this kid will not let me
put him down he's really missing his
brother huh he's just like so bored that
he just can't be put down cuz he's
normally like playing with oli and so
he's like mom you're gonna have to play
with me yes I've got the chicken in I'm
just gonna add some chicken broth to
cover it that's probably good and then
we'll cover it like this there you go
all right and he's back in Mama's arm
see that was so fast we get your brother
home huh
good morning chickens how are we doing
yeah you got a good night's sleep look
at them all talking to me Missy these
chickens slept for 12 hours exactly last
night and we know that because we have a
nest cam in here where we get to watch
them watch their every single move yeah
you girls can't get away with nothing
okay yes so we have a camera on them and
it's actually really nice because I can
keep an eye on making sure that they're
all in arcade at night or up in the
morning or whatever but I've noticed
something really kind of creepy a crazy
chicken habit has happened it is so
crazy okay so since the day that we
hooked this up at 6:55 p.m. you see them
come in and they go into their little
chicken hole and they are in bed by 655
p.m. they then do not get out of bed
until so you're scrolling through the
day right now
time and as you can see it's all
nighttime there's morning there's
morning and then it's 6:15 they all
basically get up and they are outside by
6:15 a week at 6:15 okay so they're
they're crawling up in there at night on
their own and then they're getting out
in the morning out there on they all
huddle up into one little nesting box
here's the crazy part the that following
night at the exact same time at 6:52
they come in and by 6:55 they're in
their little box asleep okay so the same
Friday night 6:55 to the T all night
they sleep all night they don't get up
there is the morning time 6:15 in the
morning they crawl out and they are
outside by 6:15 a.m. oh my gosh okay and
this continues every single night since
we've hooked it up we checked it every
single night as they head to that 55 pm
they're in their little nesting box and
it's 6:15 they wake up every single time
on the exact minute is that crazy or is
that normal I'm guessing it's normal but
it do we have crazy smart chickens like
the tuna to the tee like I figured they
all come in around the same time and
then like you know get into bed but it's
the same exact time but to the minute is
655 is 615 you girls are crazy I wonder
if it'll be like that when we add more
chickens yeah I don't know if that's
gonna disrupt the pack plus I'm guessing
times will change as the time change
happens yeah that's true like obviously
Sun goes up earlier and all right have
fun all right we are now at lunch at my
narrow bread and I'm really excited
because the Panera Bread actually opened
up close to where we live now
we weren't really close to one and also
the roasted turkey cranberry flatbread
is back which is one of my favorite
things it's all because it's like almost
like
ha so we're eating food Finn's got a ham
and cheese sandwich although he's
picking it apart by pieces but he loves
it and yes he still has his pizza Ted -
hmm you're so cool dude
well we order dessert and look what
showed up something sweet
hi Olli Olli did you have fun at your
sleepover did auntie read you a bedtime
story yeah which one did she read oh you
read Oliver who's small but mighty well
that's cool
smells nice of auntie to read to you
alright Olli what happened right outside
you crashed the car who did it Uncle
Jimmy
Kratz look ha ha ha ha hmm yes go watch
the video on Cassie's channel find out
what happened but apparently they were
in a little fender-bender you're okay
though right yeah he's fine he's sitting
under the table eating bread so he's
fine we are done with lunch and we are
now headed to Mulligan's which is kind
of a fun family centers kind of like
Chuckie Cheese but more grown-up version
but I think that all we will be at a
good age now I think you can ride some
of the rides and do a few more things so
we're gonna take him here and have some
fun also I'm going in degrees there's a
hall coming that is really nice yeah it
is so hot but look at your armpit right
nothing about I still definitely going
guys
so excited
yeah he's pretty excited about it all
right I don't know where Elliot but I
have a feeling he's somewhere dinosaur
related and look what they have in here
Jurassic Park video game
are you shooting dinos with Santi you
get in there boy
thank you
we're right time transformers human
alliance
all right Holly what are we gonna do
next - we go shoot lasers okay yeah
you're going down just kidding I'm gonna
be on your team okay yeah you play
they're like buds lasers
go cheat no all right we're gearing up
for laser tag go Ali's first time we're
Team Blue the game has begun
schemes very tense very intense Oh No Oh
No
shoot him Holly he's right there
apparently just saying gosh you doesn't
get them
get a lolly get him Ollie shoot shoot
Jim Jim okay no I'm on your team silly
13 lakh thought with unfortunate Olly we
lost hey we won in our hearts you did so
good but he was not fine yeah it's time
to turn in our ticket yeah we got a lot
so on our way home I stopped at the
tractor supply company and they had a
few cool things that I got for my
chickens to help make like just a little
bit easier so I'm gonna show you right
now so first I got one of these cool
scoopers so I can just scoop right into
there there can of food scoop it and
pour it right into their food container
which you'd be surprised when you don't
have this how difficult it actually is
to do that I also got some yummy treats
for the girls it almost looks like a
rice krispies treat but it's corn and
mealworms so not quite a rice creepy
treat but they are loving it so far I
just gave it to them and they've already
packed a lot of it off and the coolest
thing that I picked up is this water
container that is hanging and basically
what they do is to come under here and
they just pick at it and the water comes
right out and it keeps the water clean
so that there's no poop and hay in it
like this one it's so gross and then we
went ahead and hung this one too just to
prevent the same thing and I think it
looks really good my dad the handyman my
dad he hooked it up for me they're not
hanging from my ceiling but first we
have to teach them how to actually drink
from it so this part is not going to be
the most comfortable for them but they
have to learn to drink from the water so
let's try all right Bri is our first
candidate here we go
Oh Bri I'm Lynn works is sake there you
see that music I need to lower it min
height make it a little higher Susan
might actually be fine we need but which
means they probably need to hire make it
higher core Lenny yeah
slash limit yeah Lynette you're gonna
have to squeeze your little neck down
here that's right there but we're gonna
have to raise it right all right we
gotta show it we just had to raise it so
it was definitely too short for Lynette
so I got a touch a little wobbler oh god
it's so warm that's your water is not as
she okay everyone good we understand how
it works
oh good - Mimi so she can eat it get
Mimi her cookie
yeah actual mud cookie I should not eat
it then right okay oh why are you doing
it was poop oh I feel what I want yet
look where that is there you go you're
gonna give it to the oh I don't want it
but I bet the chickens want it oh is it
again
chicken fight what fight this is a
really gooey one
Oh Polly what happened huh get her get
her back okay look here's EFT look get
into I just changed go get me a deeper
Polly just go give auntie a hug okay cuz
she feels bad we got in here you want a
big worm like how big do you want the
woman to be so no it's in there
somewhere water dig hard dig dig dig dig
dig dig dig dig
all right you guys that's all for
today's video thank you so much for
watching I hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a happy friendly
comment below if you're not following me
on my music channel I'll also have that
link down below so you can subscribe to
that channel as well so I'm gonna be
putting fun stuff on it very soon thanks
for watching see manana
