hey guys before today's vlog starts want
to let you know that I'm doing a show
with my full band tomorrow October 9th
at the LA Grove in Los Angeles 12:00 to
4:00 tickets are 20 bucks for an adult
10 bucks for a kid and I hope you guys
can come it's gonna be LA family date
it's gonna be a blast our whole family
is gonna be there and I hope to see you
guys there too and also have more
information linked down below in the
description but for now if you're
wondering why I'm in the pool with all
my clothes on keep watching wherever you
are that's wherever wannabe
sauceman's that big
this is wrong
I am
hold around
Hey look at this woman hard at work I'm
actually working and getting my hair
done I know perks of having an amazing
best friend hair colorist Tom Missy's
getting her hair did and getting some
work done she's planning like three
parties right now and kind of just crazy
couple weeks for us it's like you can't
even things we have a music video shoot
today and then actually all next week is
all music video shoots so there's a lot
to plan we've been planning outfits and
planning hair and all that fun stuff and
we have friends coming to town we have
parties to do stuff kind of just been
craziness over here
but it's fun we have a fun life no we're
not complaining
really are it's really fun we don't have
to do anything we choose to do these
yeah I know but it was like why are we
so busy and then we're like oh yeah we
chose this yeah like I didn't have to
plan that many parties but I am hey I'm
going dude oh good are you bored hey
we're gonna play a game aren't we yeah
yeah so I pulled out a couple games that
we could play because I melt such a long
shoot today it's like a 12-hour shoot I
was like I want to spend some quality
time with my buddy I got that am i busy
but yes you did all right mister we have
to choose a game which one do you want
to play we have the good dinosaur
matching game we also have this one
that's called Roaring River you want to
try this one all right let's open it up
oh so you gonna play ball okay we can
play ball
do whatever you want dude you're gonna
dump it out you know let's not dump it
out let's just open it there we go all
right you can dump it out whoa good job
dude
is that everything oh we need the
instructions yep
we need the instructions so it's cool
about this board game Olli is that it
grows as we play so this is where we
start and then as we continue we just
keep adding more pieces on let me guess
go hey Doc yeah yeah we got all the
dinosaurs here you got to choose a mover
okay so do you want the t-rex you want
the t-rex I'm gonna choose Arlo and spot
so this is your little stand so you take
this little piece of plastic and your
character just slips right into it just
like that see and now he stands up I
hate this yeah try and put yours on it
oh good job dude long let go and he's
standing up huh that's cool huh
all right Ollie so we need to work
together to basically make both our
characters go to the end of the game
okay okay so come here you spin first so
spin your little spinner good job and
now you want to go to that color but we
don't have a space of that color so
let's put this on right there
and now move your space to the next
color of that so do you see that color
on the board game somewhere
alright so move him but over here see
OOP see how that works
yeah alright so now dad is gonna go okay
I got blue so now I get to move to the
next blue one which is only one alright
you go ooh you got a one okay so what
that means Ollie is we have to move the
flood see this all flood part right
there we have to move it up one little
notch and the flood is coming for us we
got to make it all the way to the end
without getting swept up by the flood
okay alright so down down it's gonna
spin whoo we got one more oh the flood
is come and spin good job oh one more Oh
No if the flood hits me Ollie then I'm
out of the game and we all lose ah one
more again oh no we gotta get one of
those colors spin only spin two one two
it's so close to me I have to get a
color or we're gonna lose yes I got blue
push you that was a tough call huh I
almost got swept away by that flood you
guys you got purple ollie so move your
guy to the next purple you see which is
right by me just move them right there
good job and I'll put my guy back right
there that's just fine
oh it's okay we'll just stand right
there together okay ooh blue I'm gonna
go up to the blue on green move your guy
to the green one that might be cheating
but I'll help you out spit
one on blue good job ooh you're on green
see your dinosaur move him to the next
screen which is right there
Oh Ally we landed on a 2 so I get to
move my guy up to but the flood is
moving up one two and it wiped out your
dinosaur Ollie lost yeah but it's okay
that means to be actually all lost
wow you saved him from the flood yeah
well that's not how the game works but
sure he's safe look at how close I got
you guys I was so close to get into the
end do you like that game run away from
the flood never figured out how these
work they probably would have worked in
our favor
alright guys the party is just getting
started tonight and it's not one of the
parties that I'm planning this is
Brian's party we are doing music video
stuff I have some crazy makeup on right
now that look kind of crazy we are
actually and ready for the music video
Michelle just got done doing my hair we
actually add a little blonde in there
which looks really cool I like it look
the first time I've seen is the camera
I've been every time I look at myself
like what is wrong with me yeah we have
a ton of people here and there's a ton
more coming and it's gonna be crazy
it should be fun come here Finn how are
you doing but I'm excited for tonight
we're gonna be working really really
late tonight sorry you're gonna need to
go to bed cuz momma's got stuff to do
alright wait I - but - so some crazy
things are happening you guys
as I told you today is day one of music
video shoots for the album I think we
have seven days of shooting total it's a
lot but holy cow we have some really
cool plans so today we are shooting at
our house we have a crew of like 30
people here right now setting up that's
crazy I'm gonna go spy on them dining
room table on the lawn that's normal
right yeah this is cool yeah and they
have some rake apart real this someone
got really mad at some dishes setting up
a very big very expensive camera what
camera is this one red weapon red weapon
it's not dangerous is it oh it's
beautiful though the operators are
dangerous so yeah I'm kind of in camera
heaven right now with all these amazing
cameras right now well yeah also we're
doing stuff from the portal so there's
like scuba gear it's getting crazy
what and there's a one-ton equipment
truck in my garage that's normal right
what's really really cool about this
experience is it's really amazing just
getting to see a large group of people
work on your art so like this has
literally been my passion and my project
and my baby for so long and now
everything is kind of happening and all
these people are just focused on these
little pieces of my own art so it's
really kind of just a crazy thing
to get to see ya we're gonna be doing
some really cool shots today and we'll
give you a little bit on the vlog then
we're also shooting a ton of behind the
scenes for later videos and stuff like
that to going in our house now look at
that's our fall wreath it's not pretty
and it's locked
okay guys this apparently is the boss of
this whole operation today
oMG oh that's so cute he's been having
so much fun with tons o diaper check Oh
checks
oh let's Jeffrey yeah we've kind of just
been letting Finn and Nixon just run
around and baby buddies oh yeah just
give him a big hug oh that is pretty
stinking adorable he's been doing this
though a ton yeah where he he definitely
knows how to hug now he's chasing you I
kind of crawled in awhile
hop on your two feet buddy he might be
doing it by the time you guys leave
today ah babe I'm not even kidding
this sky looks fake right now that's
perfect
it looks so fake that's crazy
it's beautiful what looks like daytime
incitement I know there's actually
lights inside of the pool right now all
the fancy video stuff scuba diver that's
my camera guy yeah he's gonna be taking
pictures underwater he's a pretty dang
good swimmer if we're struggling he
might be jumping in to save us so
getting ready to do a couple shoots out
here and I'm just blown away by the sky
yeah it's gonna focus good focus shot of
the sky blue skies and orange clouds you
guys that's what we're doing and this
guy's crazy he's putting this amazing
expensive camera underwater dang is this
yours
haha me as well that's cool haunted what
are you we in yes
oh can I have one thanks bro oh alright
he's going in no no it's all that's
gonna be you is really cool
oh all right let's shoot it oh my gosh
that's gonna be me
hey what do you think a dyke swimming
with all his clothes on oh is it crazy
oh yeah my shoes he threw the shoes on
it's so silly
yeah are you my little sidekick are you
ready to jump in I mean no there's no
thank you
ha hey Olli guess what hey mama is gonna
jump into the pool with all her clothes
on she's crazy huh
Wow you guys that was a crazy shoot my
face is all red he's rubbed off all my
makeup and look at my hair it's
ginormous I have to take shower clip
like product and that's making it stick
up hi karma karma love to all the
attention he got today from the whole
crew huh you were such a good puppy to
everyone making sure everyone's good we
have a crazy week ahead of us crazy
month ahead of us I just think it's
awesome that we get to share things like
this with you guys because this is kind
of one of those things where your Nikon
I don't know if I'm ever going to do
anything like this again so you kind of
just you take moments like these and you
take advantage of it I really enjoyed
myself today and I'm super excited for
the next week couple of weeks but anyway
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
subscribe and comment and check out
those links down below in the
description
especially for more info on la family
day I would love to see you guys there
thanks for watching see you manana by
boo
