okay you boys gonna race my goodness oh
oh oh you both missed me both miss my
hand is trying to give you a high we are
out bright and early at the barn and we
are so excited we're gonna saddle up a
couple horses including obviously mine
and we're gonna go on a trail ride and I
just did like a little tiny one the
other day so I'm definitely excited to
kind of explore a little bit more so we
head down he's in the turnout area after
morning it turned out Cisco run and play
so I'm gonna go get him right now
there's my guy how's it going good
morning do you want to go yeah he's like
let's go for a ride
all right we've gotta not show all
saddled up and I'm really excited we try
we're trying out a couple new things
he's got a strap because he was often
lifting his head too high I also I'm
trying a loop rain which I think it's
actually working pretty well and he's
not a different bit so we test him out
he seems pretty good usual nervous at
first but yeah he's responding really
well and I'm feeling really confident
about it dang she can do anything on a
horse
I'm like I'm like so impressed by her
unlatching and lashing a gate
all right we're going on our trail check
this out I'm really excited I've got
waters and I've got my phone I even have
a little speaker over here so we can
play some music and have a good time
we're gonna go explore the hills I mean
I feel like just cuz you packed mater
and you have a little satchel right
we're like professional right now
wait I forgot my helmet I'll be okay
guys it'll be fine
all right we've been riding for quite a
while now we've gone up a literally like
a mountain it was like a huge hill and
we came up on this amazing property here
well I think we'll have water and looks
so fun it's just amazing I hear I
literally live in horse country and
horses everywhere and people and just
trails everywhere and people who are
like so understanding that like you're
riding your horse on the road so it's
pretty cool and notch was just been
awesome he's totally responding to so
well
all right just go down with my ride and
it was so much and hello nacho did
amazing today yeah he did so good I
definitely found the right fit I think
the little strap definitely helped him
from lifting his head which I don't
think he would have done too much
probably out on trail but I think it's
good just for him to know he shouldn't
do that yeah like it provides just a
little bit extra control yeah sure but
he's a great horse like once you guys
settle into each other it's gonna be
amazing it was so fun like we went all
over we've been gone probably 2 and 1/2
hours yeah just on the trail Oh my butt
hurts
hey guys so Missy apparently had at the
time of her life this morning gel riding
with ginger and we just said goodbye to
her and Carl and all the boys and I just
wanted to say a huge thank you to Carl
and ginger for coming out for my
birthday it was so special it meant so
much to me and we had so much fun with
them and if you guys are not subscribed
to Colin Ginger's channel I have it
linked in the iCard so be sure to go
check them out and show them some love
I'm definitely gonna miss them but we
will see each other very very soon
alright I am back home I just been
hanging out with the boys curling ginger
are gone but I had an amazing time trail
riding with ginger today I am so
thankful for her she totally helped me
figure out the perfect bit for him and
she just like helped me kind of gain
that confidence and like going trail
riding for the first time I took him out
like a week ago or something and it was
fun and it was great but like this was
like we like explored and like did some
really really cool stuff it was so
exciting
check out my chickens we're gonna play
outside it doesn't like that I got a
splinter
so you know you live in the country and
I think the boys actually already got my
eggs today that's nice mom I got a guy's
blender don't get those bummer out it's
just that little one right there get it
you wanna see your splinter before I
take it out there's a teeny tiny piece
of wood right there in Mama's hand
see that tiny little right there is it
okay ready I'm gonna take it out got it
oh she did it thanks mom see you golly
that's what moms are for chicken winters
she can help we have fruit trees over
here my mom has been watching them then
it's not a grapefruit it's actually yeah
that is crazy it's big it's like a
softball oh yeah oh it's bigger than a
softball look at this one that looks
like fins face Oh Big Ben is that you
next year they'll tidy way more yeah
there'll be more and maybe they'll grow
at a normal rate good blackberries
they're gonna do okay I mean they're
still here
kay you boys gonna race on your mark get
set go
my goodness
oh-oh-oh you both missed me both miss my
hand is trying to give you a high-five
all right the boys are going to race on
your marks get set go
don't think go don't think go I mean
you're definitely gonna lose this one
Finn I'm sorry fit Holly wins he's like
I wasn't even trying so it doesn't count
do you guys want to ride nacho today
would that be fun okay
never Minds me my dad brought me my
horse tack box it is seriously amazing
how much showed you guys right now
because I I'm so obsessed with it it
looks so cool the final product for my
chest my chest chest is done and I am so
excited about this thing is ready
amazing honest yeah so pre it's not
these cute little like details to it
like even on top
I love the top it's got like that like a
dark coffee claim rock rustic you know
it's kind of like all over my house
really yeah here for my Cameron so
modern thing they didn't have a lot of
these in the day yeah flies over he put
a hydraulic on it that's awesome
inside have another spot for my phone
yeah that is crazy I cannot believe you
made this this looks beautiful few
people were trying to claim that this
was obviously not maybe right bad
because it had stickers on it
oh yeah the tag by the foot at Home
Depot and they got the little tags on
I'm sometimes yeah but all the tags are
off now so anyways yes he made this um
and even has this cute little hearts
that he put on their phone oh I put a
cup there and another bowl here this one
has no nails in it at all oh really it's
got wood dowel okay Luke
there's no nails and that was a few more
yeah that's cool and then on this look
at that it's got wheels
I had want to add an extra hydraulic I
needed it and I didn't bother so yeah
yeah I don't think there's anything Papa
can't make at this point why I know
right yeah that's pretty incredible and
put my shoes on a thing you do yeah
all right do you want to go show nacho
yeah he's my little chest did it cute
all right picking it up hi Wally
all right so I just got my chest all set
up but everyone was kind of in there
talking so I'll show you guys in a bit I
did go ahead and bridle him and I put
this bareback on him bareback had on him
because I've been really really wanting
to ride him bareback and just kind of
test him out this is all you saw your
roving eye kit I never even owned a
saddle I got this really really cool
bear bag pad and that's my little
speaker I love it I can like play some
music while we while we ride all right
I'm on nacho my very back pad and man
this is so different right I don't know
if I've ever done it with a pad I have
rode bare back before like using their
hair to rain I don't know I was kind of
crazy as a kid
super super different it's fun that has
stirrups which is really unusual for a
bareback pad at night it's nice because
it gives you just like a little bit more
support his back is extremely bow knees
and why I'm like I need another pad on
here but it is really nice just to be
like right on him and just kind of
riding and not so much like stuff
between you and your horse
oh yeah it's pretty cool I'm really
excited mom you're gonna go on him
he's doing really good I have a couple
less things than he usually has or like
when we wrote today so he's but he's
still responding really good so all
right moms on the horse how's it feel
mom she says this is how you're supposed
to ride a horse it's actually really
really cool I did have to like do a
bunch of stuff with the brand new
leather and so now my hands are just
like filthy I mean look at that and my
dad is normally right here if my mom's
doing anything that could be possibly
dangerous and I don't think he knows
that she's on the horse he's gonna like
totally freak out
yeah he is very protective yeah my mom
does have a pretty bad guy even I am
though like it makes me nervous but I
know he's good he's obviously just so so
good I feel really good about my mom
being on him but it is it's always weird
when you when my mom's doing anything
that could be like dangerous and like No
nacho is all ready for bed
he's got his jacket on and he looks so
smancy look at that this is a really
nice color on you nacho he's like all
right I'm done go go eat the goats eat
my food says hi olli
all right let's let you go okay you
wanna go in good night
this is my new setup check it out it's
so clean and it looks so cute this had
like everything I'd like a bucket full
of like stuff and all the helmets and
stuff and now can open this up and look
at that it's got all my brushes my
helmets a few other things I'm sure I'm
gonna top this thing full and didn't
matter of days I absolutely love it
thank you Dad
is the bus all right night nacho stay
warm eat food it looks like all your
people have missed you today
yeah this is like can we cuddle yeah
it's been a long day huh boys did you
miss him too oh we should color Olly the
mini we should call you Luna hey Luna
I'm yeah okay well then I'm gonna call
you mama
you make a silly face yeah yeah how to
make a silly face
oh that's a good silly face okay here I
want you to hold the camera so that you
can show my silly face kay you buddy you
a rock bottolota
yeah
is that a smiley face Finn come show me
your funny face before you go to bed
that's a good Billy babe I wanted to
show you guys something that Papa
actually added to their bed it's kind of
genius so we've been a little paranoid
around here about kids falling out of
beds so we have installed this little
nifty door here that closes just like
that huh but anyway I thought that was
pretty nifty these boys are getting into
their log cabin it's time for a campout
it's time for a campout boys let's turn
on the lantern all the stars are coming
out any stars Oh baby you still cannot
see her stars
he really needs the daylight to like
charge up and it doesn't get any delay
in there yeah
good night Olly and love you good night
fan love you that is all for today's
vlog you guys these kids are going to
bed for a dreamland adventure hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog if you did be
sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe if you're new because we've
been doing this for almost 5 years
straight can you believe that you guys
on the 25th which I believe is tomorrow
for you guys we will have been vlogging
for five years straight every single day
that's crazy
we may have a little bit of an
announcement for you guys on that day or
the next day or around then and we have
some fun plans coming up too so we don't
want you to miss so subscribe thanks for
watching
Sriman yaaaa bye
