get it yeah get it you can get it almost
ha ha ha ha
oh you look cool dude wherever you are
that's where I wanna be big
just one
every
me
good morning how are you ollie good did
you sleep good yeah you ready to have a
fun day where's Finn where's Finn I know
he's around this off there's Finn let's
go get Finn go get thin hi
Finny Meister how are you both the boys
are wearing shirts about moms today Finn
says mommy's shadow which is definitely
true because most of the time if we
can't find Finn he's right behind Missy
and Oliver shirt says moms are magic do
you think mom's magical yeah she can
perform lots of cool spells huh kisses
that make you feel better
hey all you want to hang out with dead
dad should we go get some lunch yeah
that's on yummy okay let's go I'm gonna
give Missy a break while she filmed some
videos for her channel and Ollie and I
gotta go to lunch just go dude all right
all you ready it's a Mexican food
yeah so I'm taking Ollie to get lunching
at it I gotta say it's really nice
they may have toys there they don't they
don't have toys it's really interesting
taking Oliver to lunch now because he's
potty trained
so I don't have to bring a diaper bag it
doesn't have diapers I don't to bring
backup anything all you want to sing a
song let's sing the Stegosaurus song
okay stegasaurus stegasaurus Stegosaurus
deca soros on his back he had two rows
of plates not the kind you eat on they
were armored plates long triangles of
heavy skin that stood up tall and
straight tsegga soros is that your
favorite song
alright well guess what we're here now
let's go little dude yeah hold you come
here oh oh my gosh pain is here and Jeff
well let's go get some lunch kay
hi pay how are you I like your dress
that is a very nice-looking palm tree
isn't it look at all the cool things on
your cup Olli what do you see there's an
alligator yep and what's that not a
tiger but uh lion yeah good job and then
we also got what's that a monkey and
then what's that that's actually a
gorilla yeah and to me that actually
looks like
Harambee and last but not least what is
this Olly Jackson would know yeah a
giraffe yeah good job that was very good
of you ollie you wanna see Peyton do a
trick alright Peyton you do a trick woah
she shot the end of the straw not cool
hey there guys I have had another super
busy day today I've been working on my
channel filming videos and I'm not even
close to being done but it's been a
super productive look at these kids
they've been very productive - it's a
mess in here you guys having fun though
oh my kids you have so many toys and so
many things out huh
he even broke out the play-doh which is
always fun for us mom's right this is
actually funny he's got a YouTube video
on of little things being covered in
play-doh and then what is he doing he is
covering them in play-doh are you
covering these in play-doh
yeah he's mixed like all the colors
together and he's covered them in
play-doh and then you like unwrap them
there you go you I have to be careful
about this guy though cuz the play-doh
is everywhere and he puts everything in
his mouth but honestly all he is so good
like he just a tear in place all day
long it's so awesome finn's really good
at playing - he's not gonna playing by
himself though long as Olly is here to
play with him he's happy as can be which
i think is cute i think it's kind of
like a natural bonding which is cool are
you trying to scare me with your snakes
again you're silly he's been throwing
like his bugs too at me and say there's
a buzz mom and I'm like oh there's
another one
little ninja has made a mess in our
dining room and now he must pay Holly
you are to come Jenna Molly get him well
there you go you just hide I think he
defeated you hey yeah yeah hey yeah hey
yeah hey yeah yeah oh my gosh no bending
your buddy huh my gosh I'm gonna teach
how to be a ninja okay the first thing
you do is you have to bow and put your
hands together like this and then go
like that ah good job now we wait
lesson two body slams
doing all these quick attacks I can't
keep up first person ninja hey yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah I have found you
hyah hyah hyah hurry Ben's gonna get you
oh yeah oh yeah the next thing you do in
your ninja number first you bow bow
there you go then you trick them and
then okay
let me see those ninja kicks Ollie whoa
whoa whoa I got hi-yah hi-yah hi-yah
oh okay ninja time at the daily bombs
house is fun all right Oliver the last
step of being a ninja is being able to
steal the candy from my hand well that
was pretty easy
cute little ninja you know that
oh hi oh hi Ben's been like freaking out
when I say oh hi to him all funny he
like really loves it
it is now winding down time and Missy I
think is on her way to go pick up some
pizza
I do yet he peaked out did you do like
cheese pizza oh all of a sudden he just
doesn't like cheese pizza you are so
your mother son you know that right now
what's wrong with you why are you taking
your shirt off dude I'm so hot you're
hot so you want to take your shirt off
you silly boy Ben are you excited to eat
some pizza when mom gets back he's just
been walking around going where's mom
where's mommy where'd she go oh yes you
are almost aren't you get it
John get it you can get it Oh most ha ha
ha ha
Oh you look cool dude okay watching him
struggle taking your shirt off is
actually quite entertaining oh my gosh
she wants to keep going keep going you
want to give up now he told me all right
are you dropped in your shirt you're
trapped in your own shirt dude ba-bow
time bump bump
boom Ben do you like that pizza oh yeah
he loves the pineapples Missy he likes
pineapple on his pizza
yeah you like your cheese pizza and your
car we got pizza and wings tonight
because it's pizza Thursday right yeah
every Thursday we pizza that's correct
it is now all he just said it's a pizza
party huh oh what'd you say pizza party
pizza what whole pizza paw Patrol oh
okay so I just got into bed and oli is
watching a movie and Cal is actually
still over and we have been filming
stuff all day long I actually have a
super busy week next week and so I've
been trying to just get caught up or not
caught up but be ahead so that when my
videos come up I actually have content
to put out I am now doing cooking videos
today so I've already cooked one done
one recipe and it looks something like
this and I'm not gonna tell you what
exactly what it is uh you'll see that
pretty soon and then I'm making another
recipe right here you can take a guess
on what I might be making but Ollie says
I'm making apples huh yeah yes he came
up here goes mama they're so delicious
and then he tried them and he said
they're yucky why the yucky are they
sour
yeah there's sour apples huh we'd
usually get them like the Fuji are the
most delicious candy tasting apples and
these ones these ones are sour huh
yeah but anyways we've been doing that
all day now it's night time I've got
these horrible lights on right now which
brian has cool lights so that they all
look different like but you can make
them like more call me and we're
relaxing and these are like the whitest
lights and it's actually really good for
filming not great for like your eyes
because in the in real life it looks
very like oh looks gross looks like
fluorescent lighting it looks really
nice on camera and then in there you can
tell the difference in lighting those
are like more yellow these are white
that lighting is nicer on the ice so
anyway filming a video we're gonna be up
late Missy and Natalia are still filming
videos she's trying to get it done
because we have some special guests
coming soon so she doesn't want to be
working while they're here so
she's been putting in that YouTube grind
tell your trooper for helping her out
this late
dang hey Ollie hey hey guess what yeah
like really wait yeah let's just head
this way in the direction of your bed
hey do you want the hallway to be pink
yeah okay none k oh it's like we're on a
airplane flight you know virgins flights
or pink
speaking of flights I just got off the
phone with London because we're planning
our London trip in December we are very
excited hey all I guess what we're going
to London yeah yeah at the end of the
year can you say London yeah now say it
with a British accent say London yeah
that was pretty cute got off the call to
confirm a couple things about flight and
we're really close to booking and
getting everything ready oh but I did
want to let you know Olli and I were
just watching the most hilarious video
on answer channel huh did you see that
video with auntie and Papa yeah
there's so much energy I don't know what
we're gonna do become me
okay I'll be Captain America in a second
okay Cassie put up a hilarious video
with Papa and you should go watch I'll
have a link down below here is the kitty
in there
oh hi kitty look at she's trapped in
there now can't be me
can you strapped oh no oh no she is free
all right Olly I think it's that time
come here give me a big big hug thanks
for watching today's video guys hope you
enjoyed every day be sure to give it a
thumbs up key thumbs up yeah subscribe
check out all those little homeless VM
in Jana oh you need to calm he has
returned
all right oh you know turn yeah hey bye
babe
