big hug oh my gosh
give him a hug oli oh oh now they're
just chasing after each other
alright well
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all since that big
I am
me
good morning guys I am here with my boys
we are playing in the playroom and it's
funny how yesterday I was all dressed up
and ready for an award show and today
I'm in not my mom mode yes you guys
don't know I did a video on my channel
talking about this little sensory board
that I made and I loved it the kids love
it they're always playing with it but
anyways so yes Ollie did you know that
yesterday mommy and daddy went to an
award show I remember we were gonna
maybe win an award yeah well I have some
bad news for you okay yeah we didn't win
no we didn't win good news we do miss
grammars say thank you thank you guys so
much for 2 million subscribers that is
absolutely amazing it's just like it's
honestly something that you can't even
imagine like 1 million is crazy - minun
crazy it doesn't make any sense but you
guys follow us and love us and we love
you guys and we thank you so much
because we would not be here without you
and we are just so incredibly thankful
for giving us a chance to just be with
our kids and love each other and be a
family like that's our job our job is to
just be a family and it's so amazing and
we're so thankful so Ollie can you say
thank you so much for subscribing
subscribe being a thank you for giving
these videos thumbs up so that's always
nice huh that's always nice alright guys
we are actually off to swim class but I
want to show you something funny look at
this do you see that little snake right
there he has about three or four of
these little snakes that look so real so
real ollie and they scare me every time
because there were the snake the exact
same size is that in my house the other
day
so when I saw the real snake I was like
oh that must be one of his fake snakes
and then I saw it kind of move and I was
like oh my god that's a real what that
is a real one and now every single time
I see his fake ones I just I don't know
for sure I'm about to get rid of all
those snakes
yeah those escapes Karim it mommy huh
alright we are off to swim Hey
are you picking your nose I got you
you're silly don't think your nose he
always makes me hold his hand in the car
you're silly I love you yes guess what
Olli today to do a very special subclass
with we're so excited we're gonna try
something new we usually do private
 but we're gonna do a semi private
class Mason and see if it helps to eat a
little Ford I think he's a little bit of
a change so today me and Papa are not
here because meets me nice birthday and
they're gonna do something fun but Bryan
came so he's helping out with Finn oh
yeah
death decade and Peyton is here and
we're so excited
Ollie you want to take pay to go see the
fishies hey let's go see the fishies
real quick before class see the fishies
pay they're so colorful
are you using here I don't know if
they're babies they're just small little
fishies at all different colors though
alright guys we are back home and I'm in
the play room and I want to show you
these lights I set up the other day
there those philips hue lights but I set
them to fun colors for the play room
which i think is really neat we've got
blue over there Green over there and red
right there and they kind of match the
cloud colors which change in our nice
rainbow hey dude you've been playing in
your playroom all day
yeah having so much fun I actually have
a movie on for him we have cars but he
is not even watching it he doesn't
carries we shouldn't playing with his
toys like all day which i think is so
cool hey I like get your pumpkin I want
to see your pumpkin dude whoa it's a
pretty pumpkin yeah like Halloween yeah
it is almost Halloween and he's got all
of his costumes and we have chosen a
group costume which we're very excited
to tell you guys about well I guess what
you have a friend coming over yeah yeah
do you know who it is Oliver yes Oliver
and the Talbots are coming over for
dinner and just to hang out could it be
like Ollie and Oliver again huh me and
you you're Ollie and he's Oliver huh
okay they're almost here buddy yeah I
want to see your fire truck oh you
should show this to all the Oliver when
he comes here okay I mean this is pop ha
I know you made it with Papa will you
show it to Oliver when he gets here yeah
okay set it on your table so you don't
forget hi Oliver
every time we yell Oliver Ollie like
goes what do you know what his name is
he always told our real Oliver check it
out you guys the Talbots are here
Byron if you guys don't know yes he's
gonna be cooking up a feast you guys he
brought over some yummy fresh
ingredients he's already got like
gnocchi started I don't think you
understand what happens when you invite
me here this is
what happened this is the greatest thing
ever we are so excited because we are
huge Nokia fans am I saying it right by
the way yeah yoky I know did you get any
plaque when you did videos about it
no no we I probably did we get it all
the time I feel like we're always saying
it wrong yoky yours is Dan yaki is it
rocky I heard you all Dana I think it I
say neo ki we're making some gnocchi
it's gonna be epic and Rachel's here
interactive cute Center is this amazing
or what it's like they just started
playing right away so cute oh that you
Ollie's yeah Oliver and Olly we got we
have to we have to call him Oliver and
him oli cuz otherwise though you're like
what look at they by the way he's
drawing on himself yeah yeah you just
never know what's gonna happen
yes we are so excited to have the
Talbots over to hang and you dinner and
I'm excited to see what Byron
I gotta say you guys I have been very
fascinated what Byron is doing in my
kitchen right now this cutting board
will never be the same so we got the
gnocchi dough kneaded it up and what did
you throw in there so this is ricotta
parmesan cheese oh it smells so good
you guys crazy thank you for coming out
and doing this dude this is awesome oh
that looks beautiful
oh hey oli did you show Oliver your fire
truck
Holli built that isn't that cool yeah
this sums up ollie right here snaking
his mouth yeah yeah he's like Cinderella
Byron has made it smell so good in my
house you guys I'm freaking out it
smells amazing everything is finished
I'm gonna have him walk walk you through
what we're eating here exactly
so here oh so we have ricotta and
Parmesan yaki I don't you got to tell me
it's a little dusty
hey zesty and it's really light fluffy
little crispy on top cream lemon sauce
bomb and then we also have like a salad
hair what's what kind of salad is that's
like a Greek style tomato cucumber red
onion lemon juice olive oil super
something so good the gnocchi is
incredible dude you guys you seriously
killed it it's so good the rosemary is
so good look yeah the rosemary is
amazing and you guys look at the fin is
makkng away and I gotta say we don't
normally have salad like this so it's
probably really good for him to like try
new things you know how is that dude oh
he's got one in there huh is it yummy
you are not like Ollie at all not even a
little bit what do you think babe oh
he'll mean we've never had a gnocchi
like that before huh very different but
delicious
hey guys so we're done with dinner which
was definitely delicious and now we're
on a Polaris ride
Brian is taking us around with the
Talbott being all the opposites in the
back of karma which is a little crazy
but it's not I have fun he said don't
worry mom ha ha
no more t-tracks different and I think
Parmenter
hey boys you guys having fun Ollie and
Oliver reunited huh yeah they are
sharing some popcorn and watching Toy
Story do you like this movie buddy yeah
the boys are chilling out in the
playroom relaxing and we have moved on
to dessert Byron is making beignets and
the only kind that I pad are the one
shaped like Mickey Mouse it isn't that
so I'm very excited to try these
fantastic
and there you have it you guys we have
ban Yanks beignets been yet beignets I'm
very excited to sink into these guys
alright babe what do you think about
this beignet um he definitely beats
Disneyland rattle oh look at yours dis
oh my goodness
you see that you guys it's incredible
Talbots they Rock thank you guys for
coming over and thank you Byron for
cooking some amazing super welcome if
you guys like food and who doesn't then
you should go check out Byron's Food
Channel I'll have it linked down below
in the description go click it check out
his channel subscribe because I know
Missy and I have even laid in bed and
watched videos and there's like we're
making not we're making that we're
making next - yeah but his channel is
amazing so definitely go check it out we
love the Talbots
they're a talented group and Oliver and
Olly have been having a blast together
today - we're fighting over popcorn we
had to split it but they are having fun
you guys doing okay in here you're all
done do you like it dude guess what it's
called a beignet yeah
can you say beignet oh yeah that was
pretty good you like it should we hire
Byron to be our personal chef like no
cuz I will eat anything he likes that
though big hug oh my gosh give him a hug
Ollie oh oh now they're just chasing
after each other
alright well they're skirting the idea
that this night is eventually going to
end get them get them
where is he where's II even made it out
go Kim
go get him go get him can you think
Oliver for coming over today thanks for
coming over guys you can come over
anytime make a mess any time you can
make a mess in our kitchen
