down
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
I am alone
forever
good morning guys I have adopted a third
child back there let's see where she is
right there
hi Peyton this is what it would be like
if I had twins and a baby basically we
are headed out of the house Brian is
actually with Jeffrey doing a little bit
of just like music work stuff but I
think it would be meeting up with him
pretty soon but me and the kids are
going to go to my mom's we're gonna go
play at the playground hang out have
some lunch and have a fun day you guys
ready all right I started to sing a song
for them and they said specifically can
you please just put the radio on so like
you don't want me to sing for you and
they said no just put the radio on so
I'm gonna put the Disney radio on and
we're gonna listen to that alright we're
now add Mimi and Papa's house and check
out the little footprints we did almost
a year ago look at your hands can you
put your hands on your hands showing how
big they are now wow so cool and Finn he
was only two months old and we did this
so he's got some pretty giant feet next
to those baby feet you guys are getting
so big huh they've just been playing at
Mimi and Papa's in the back guys
Peyton's over there trying to get the
car working I just did my hair and yeah
gonna hang out and play and have a fun
day it is actually kind of a warm day
it's pretty hot probably at least 100
degrees right one
oh well it says like 98 or does yeah but
my car said 105
so but the car usually says hotter than
it actually is
ha
no he's gonna hand play pains been dying
to go to meet me in Papa's she's like
maybe a pop I would have played the
playground it was cute she's so confused
dad's controlling it my
load up kiddos we got some mail to
retrieve some special treasure boxes
right ollie yeah yeah alright well climb
up there Ollie hello guys how are you
we just got back lives here say hi love
hi how was school good they're hanging
out with us because your mommy he is
gone huh she went on a little trip but
she'll be back soon so you guys gonna
hang out with us kay okay I saw a bunch
of packages at down by the gate and I
have a feeling I know what they are they
might be some special treasure boxes
ready kiddos here we go
I'm doing for treasure boxes yeah
feels nice out when this ball gonna get
here
I found the treasure boxes alright let's
put them in the back
what are you doing here you getting
dirty yeah
you're so cute right outside hanging out
the boys are being so adorable right now
they were like playing on this and all I
was trying to fly like Superman and they
got her you can watch it all on the
Johnson family is actually a little bit
sad but also kind of hilarious
cuz Ollie is just so crazy but yet even
when he gets hurt he literally doesn't
cry not one tear comes out of his out of
his eyes on his face he literally just
is like how I hurt and then he moves on
face these are my tickets right now and
I wanted to tell you guys I'm so excited
today is the last day that they will be
roaming free well I guess that's not
true not roaming free that's the last
day that they'll be trapped in there our
chicken coop comes tomorrow and I'm so
excited because it's such a cute coop
I've been getting pictures it was
actually supposed to come today but he
says he'll be bringing it tomorrow so
I'm hoping he actually does bring it
tomorrow because otherwise then you
might have to wait until the over the
weekend because we're going somewhere
this weekend so uh yeah we just been
having super fun time I love being
outside I love hanging out with the kids
out here just letting them play in the
dirt and hang out with the chickens and
you having a good time yeah you you
found that another little dino egg yeah
that's cool yeah the big one you're
gonna dig it huh okay you're hot
probably ought to put it in some water
to get it softened up okay alright all
the kids ate all their
you guys did so good huh yeah yeah so
now we are going on a little cool air
scribe we're gonna look for Dino eggs of
course because why not look for Dino
eggs right they go find anything yeah
yeah they're really big believers on a
little right
I'm you ready
we've made it to the top now where
should we go we should go down there all
right here we go
I know
all these smells I like to do I did you
have an accident
uh-oh
hey we check all I did not have any
access the pages say he don't like a boy
right yeah I just stinky like a boy all
right yeah yeah got all he's got is back
there he was protecting us from dinos
and I pretty much pasta back there so
all right ready yeah
is everyone ready
all right we made it out of snake City
alive the monkey City the bird City
there was tons of animals out there now
we're just hanging out boys are gonna
get go get in the shower and clean up
before bed Oh join the last few minutes
before it's time for bed Oh karma
chameleon you know you're not supposed
to do that nope no karma no karma don't
eat the tree gosh did you have fun on
the Polaris and you got your gun yay
come on come here come here boy we don't
need to do that okay calm down
whoa whoa hey boys no fighting we have
to share yes karma and Ollie fight just
like brothers oh hey Finn are you on the
phone yeah who you talking to you
talking to me me me me oh oh my goodness
so cute every night we call my mom and
he like talks to her on the phone and
he's like it's so excited and he takes
her all around the room oh there's a
doggy Oh Bo yup did you talking to me
you left her on the ground
she's she's down there look Oh quick say
hi doctor say nein nein me me t say
night-night
midnight all right oh nine day are there
any boys in here
I found you you guys coming now mama
is it no girls allowed yeah boys only
boys allowed no I fell so mamas are loud
yeah good
all I wants to sleep in here tonight
okay are you sure about that you know
sleeping here oh yeah oh I just don't
want to get literally got under the
covers this is a big bed this is the
guest room got a big bed se9 a mama Pina
mojitos no it's not making it easy for
you
Alex a98 mama my babe Oh again would you
get oh you got the camera Ellie do you
want to actually sleep in this room
tonight yeah okay tell me if you're good
though okay okay okay I think I might
actually let him sleep in this room
tonight not like it matters cuz they're
5 a.m. fall into our bed anyway huh yeah
yeah like yeah hey oli do you know what
that is over there
Wow what is it the map of Paris let's
make it pay gonna go there yeah maybe
we'll go there someday
how's that sound cool yeah yeah it's
it's not scary
no I mean guess the map does kind of
look scary cuz it's like black but it's
not scary but it's Eddie okay
you think so hey ollie did you have a
fun day today
yeah yeah what do we do I pay opinion
you played with pain live yeah that was
so fun huh all right that's all for
today's vlog k you guys enjoy today's
vlog be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment and check
out all those links if you do not follow
me
on Instagram go follow me say follow
data on Instagram sure doesn't edit god
yeah we'll have a link down below you
can follow me on Instagram
you wanna go to Paris alright let's go
to Paris and our dreams ok ok Lally what
do you want to say to them hey buddy
