because they're playing in the water
right now guys she's like gets it all
overhead you don't care you are so cute
baby girl wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
big blue
Oh
very
me
good morning Zuri are you in buzz plan
she's been playing with this buzz all
morning you guys good morning you guys
it is so nice to have our boys together
again oli did you miss Finn yeah can you
give him a big hug
Oh brotherly love
yes Finn missed you as well they've been
hanging out this morning
oh you just crashed we are hanging
outside because it is a B ei eautiful
day here in sunny Southern California
mama do you think this weather I love it
amazing absolutely glorious so chill out
here pays here we're gonna do something
fun later with the girls Beauty and the
Beast came on today and Missy is so
excited so we have some Beauty and the
Beast themed treats and outfits and
other fun stuff happening later today
my sister is so good with little kids
what are we doing here we were sorting
color sorting the colors of the crayons
she knows four colors oh that's so good
so what color are these blue blue and
these ones yellow no what color are
these green green good job
she likes pink she likes pink is that
your favorite color she's hoarding all
the peace nobody will be using pink
it was I
okay so today is really exciting because
Beauty and the Beast came out and so we
decided we're going to make these really
cool little treats for the kids and
we're going to kind of do a Beauty the
Beast themed type of party we're gonna
dress the kids up and we're going to
watch the movie and we're gonna eat
these little treats so we're making
these little tea cups made out of all
edible things so cookies cones we're
using these really pretty cookies that
have a cool design for the bottom of the
cup we're going to use cones for the
actual cup we're using Reese's for the
bottom as well we've got these pretzels
for the handles and we've got of course
pudding for the kids and chocolate for
it to melt and stick everything together
so are you guys gonna help us make stuff
yeah that sounds fun okay I'm gonna work
on it right now that's adorable you guys
are making adorable little teacups I'm
excited to see the finished products
Missy and the girls have all the kiddos
and they are making something creative
so you have to dip that in there so that
you can cut it yeah it'll cut easier and
then like if you're a break it right
here just like how interesting okay all
right you guys well you're all making
teacups for your Beauty and the Beast
Tea Party I brought a couple of friends
to hang out with you we got Cogsworth
and Lumiere
all right oli this guy's name is Lumiere
can you say Lumiere Lumiere that's
pretty close isn't he cool he's a
candlestick gotta watch out for the fire
it could hurt you and Liv this is
Cogsworth he's a clock isn't he cool
so my mom was just saying that's but
growing up I never watched Beauty and
the Beast
oh we watched Aladdin we didn't watch
Lion King have you seen Lion King back
yeah yeah I didn't see it till I was
like 22 I still have never seen but my
mom still has never seen it and I think
it comes down to it that we were not
Disney kids
there's Disney kids and there's
Nickelodeon kids we were Nickelodeon
kids me she was a Disney kid
she watched all the Disney movies and I
didn't see Lion King until I was like 21
there you haven't seen it yet 9:55 I
know and it's in the vault so we aren't
gonna be able to see it for a couple
more years but yeah Beauty and the Beast
just came out of the vault and I've seen
it before
maybe half of it maybe the first part
maybe clips on in line I don't know so
I'm excited to watch it because it's
mrs. favor
peekaboo kid just woke up from his nap
and livers playing peek-a-boo our little
beast all right we're gonna dress him up
all right live show him what we're gonna
do okay
this costume it's a beast costume and
show what goes on his feet
they look like claws and then what goes
on his head bees tag it's got like ears
and horns
do you think he'll wear it let's see all
right let's get you dressed okay buddy
don't you just love this little onesie
yeah it's really cute really cool all
right should we see if he wears the hack
chief he wears a hat whoa you may fall
off lookin I do it so cute come on my
little beast take a look at yourself in
the mirror what do you think he looks so
cute doesn't he Oh Finn is just tough as
the beasts look at his little feet sees
his monster you think that likes pretty
cute oh my goodness he's the Beast
yeah Beast hey Peyton do you think
that's pretty cute would you want to
dress up as Belle the princess yeah I do
have that one for you what is it I'm
gonna get I'm gonna get it out for you
just for you okay you're saying are you
ready for the big reveal
get you your princess do you wanna see
we've got video egg you see that you
like it yeah all right let's go show
your mommy look at these Oh what are you
putting on Liv whoa bar let me see you
tell whoa looking good and who are you
ollie
Captain America let me see your shield
oh shoot the dinosaur we only had to
beauty in the beasts costumes but the
other kids wanted to dress up as well I
think that's adorable
they love dressing up and having fun
what do you think pay in its value looks
so pretty that is such a pretty dress
like on the shoulders and wow you're
gonna have to wear that to Disneyland
oh yeah yeah and you even have the
little flower hmm
see the red flower down there oh my
goodness you guys look so stinkin cute
oh hey Belle can you give the Beast a
kiss can you give a little kiss get some
right there he's moving around then I
like your horns bro oh and they're
coming up turns out he wasn't the Beast
he's a real Prince after all
cuz you kissed him that was cute huh but
oh all right we got a couple of special
guests in the building to watch Beauty
and the Beast with us we got mr. beast
himself who's got look at his tail it's
all furry and fluffy and that cool here
you want to hold him
all right you hold these and who is that
pay in
yeah that's Bell isn't she pretty like
you look at the Beasties tail ollie a
little Captain America dude our kids are
so cute haha so funny
all right you guys you kiddos want to
watch Beauty and the Beast
yeah all right let's turn it on all
right kiddos we're gonna watch the show
and we're also gonna have a little tea
party
see these cute little teacups you want
chocolate or vanilla or I think most of
them are kind of mixed so look good he's
like oh that looks good
look at this cute little teacup babe you
guys did so good do you want one here
hold it oh yeah you can hold it just
like that I don't know that all ah all
right we got spoons there's there's
yummy pudding inside of them okay take
it drink Olly and take a drink take a
sip of tea is that yummy Bell its she's
so fancy yeah I think I am also going to
partake in this little tea party as well
you
all right all he could only watch Beauty
and the Beast for so long so now we are
going for a ride I got the ATV out we
got those the Polaris
you got this bad yeah you feel safe ha
ha ha ha
oh you're all buckled up make up a ride
yeah
I'm hopping on this bad boy we good
because they're playing in the water
right now guys she's like gettin all
overhead you don't care he was so cute
baby girl where the water goes re like
down there you don't water all right
Holly what do you got ha ha it's a clock
his name's clogs worth or Cogsworth I
think and you got your secret life of
pets on do you want to read a story out
of your book collie yeah all right
before we read a story we got to say
night-night to the vlog okay okay can
you say night-night minute grandma and
say nine eight Bev say night-night vlog
now ah yeah thanks for watching guys
hope you enjoyed it if you did be sure
to click that thumbs up button and leave
a comment with your favorite Beauty and
the Beast character who's your favorite
character do you like the clock the
clock is pretty cool huh yeah alright I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
say thumbs up thumbs up and we'll see
you manana Olie what do you say
you
