okay ready go oh that didn't go very
high then yep
wherever you are that's what I wanna be
big
just one
I am
Trevor
look at those army men did anyways yeah
no he was doing that okay in there oh
yeah I like I feel like we're in a movie
these army guys know girl they're like
actually a ton of them we live near a
base so they're all driving to it but
anyways good morning guys it is a me and
Brian and taralyn and we're headed out
to San Diego today we're actually going
to meet later
Geoffrey and Natalia I said loving
they're going to ruin it I always do
that all the time
Dungey yeah this is like our only free
day we have to go and shop for the
streamys so we decided to take advantage
of it I have to find a suit and I have
to get tailored and I see assignment for
pres and I'm very nervous about it
because we're not on the red carpet
what's the pole gonna be like I could
find like a dress but I gotta look cool
like I don't even know what I'm supposed
to wear so I'm bringing terilyn for
backup she always loves local assistance
she helps us look yeah she'll be like no
Missy don't wear that see how we're
really excited we left the kids at home
with me in Papa which I think they old
much more joy than going in I actually I
was like hey ollie
mom and dad I have to go shop
no I don't want it don't say you don't
have to go and have a puppet he was like
yeah he was excited yeah they're gonna
hang out at the house and have fun and
play and not be stuck in a stroller
shopping so but we did leave a little
bit early that way we get back at a
decent time so hopefully we're not here
all hey guys okay so as you know we've
got Ollie and Finn for the day and we've
just been hanging out Ollie has actually
found three more Dino eggs
Holly and you're looking over here now
you're kind of looking in there no no we
found three more let's you want to go
show them the ones that you haven't
opened yet where are they over here got
him in the bucket get soft and go look
for more he's got his hammer already got
his hammer going found one in that Bush
right there he found one in that Bush
right there and he found one down the
hill he just wants to keep finding more
okay so how do you open them can you
show everybody how you open them up so I
get one out of there I got one okay now
what do you do here Nate you hit it with
a hammer
Chucky Oh be careful
oh it's messy splashing everywhere you
get some in your eyes maybe you should
use a little picker where's the little
picky thing you pick it with you know
all right let's go look for one always
looking for a picker we got ourselves a
little driver a little driver you ready
to go yeah
you look like mr. Halloween over here
with your black in your orange huh
all right did you find one did you find
a picker no not yet Oh
oh there it is there it is those yes
there it is and then what's on your head
ha ha you have a hat does it help you
find your Dino eggs when you wear that
hat ok all right now get picking at it
huh all right all right there you go
okay got you dirty
yeah there we go you're getting there
good thing you got that hat on makes you
look way more professional okay we'll be
back in just a minute hey how's the
progress going Oh
going good get very very into it don't
you
what'd you do you got the Dino out
you're gonna start on the other one
so what's it look like Oh what-what kind
is it hello baby
yeah good job all right he can watch you
start that one now okay let's get going
on the other one so you got the other
one out what kind is the other one show
it let me see it no are they fighting
yeah Wow that's keys it that's a t-rex
and that kind of looks like a
Stegosaurus huh yeah a professional Dino
hunting hat worked out pretty good yeah
has definitely doing it's doing its job
be able to find that dinos pick them out
of there oh you're a total mess all
right you guys Jeffrey and I are getting
ready for our wedding not wait our
wedding wait one that came out for a
wedding
I came out wrong we're getting fitted
for singing suits there are a lot of us
oh yeah but yeah we're getting fitted
for suits today this is one that I tried
on that I really like and Geoffrey looks
I don't know
Geoffrey looks good in everything the
girls are also shopping doing some dress
shopping did you find anything kind of
possibility she's gotta pass those four
floors of girl clothes no one for makeup
oh boy babies dude before is some really
crazy like like grandma outfit okay okay
but we're getting stuff done this is
gonna be the first suit I've ever bought
and it's basically foyer of the streamys
so hopefully we win go well for us link
down below description so Finn has
learned a new trick he's being silly on
purpose you being silly like he's he's
spitting himself around
he's sickling you and then he like
purposely falls down and then he spins
it he paused yeah you're being so silly
are you being a silly Willy on purpose
you see being silly
Oh be careful oh you can't do it on a
table you should just do it on the couch
be silly
Haley you being so silly like it he's
cracking himself up
Oh Oh whoop you're gonna do gymnastics
you can't do gymnastics it has been such
a long day of shopping so which means it
was a good long day right
exhausting sugar yeah it was so I got my
suit
Missy got a dress and it looks amazing
on her and I can't wait for you guys to
see it she's gonna be wearing it to the
streamys and all these people helped us
and also got outfits with the streamys
so now we are grabbing some dinner at PF
Changs before heading home to the boys
who are happy and asleep so for the most
part I always point the camera Missy
right now after she takes a bite so I
apologize for that least we sat down and
I was like I miss ollie I haven't I
barely have seen him today I'm hoping
that either way hi I miss
you miss van I miss all I just really
miss it oh she misses her body mrs. fits
perfectly so we went out and we went to
Mulligan's and Ollie got about well we
got several like up 500 tickets so we
were able to get a little rocket and
we're gonna try it for the first time
you're gonna shoot it okay so did Papa
show you how to do it you ready okay
ready go oh that didn't go very high Hey
yep that was kind of a dud let's try
again
Yomi try it okay oh wow did you hear
that did you look up that kind of went
huh should we try it again
sure shoot me
alright Ben Wow
is y'all work you got him ready even
pointed out
I'm already won - there goes fan by pin
all right one more time then we get a go
eat dinner yep ready
hold it here like that alright that was
pretty fun right all right let's go
we just got home at all he is sat down
on the couch so I'm guessing he had a
very good day today Mimi and Papa said
that he was obsessed with finding and
breaking open dinosaur eggs so it's like
his new favorite things I think the word
is out that there's dynamite he's out
there and he's got a fine animal
it's like got a catchable gotta find him
up I know he's asleep all he's holding
your hand but yeah that's all for
today's vlog hope you enjoyed it if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment and check out
those links so you can vote for us to
win a Streamy which would be really cool
we'll see him again Ali what do you say
