all is climbing the world's tallest
bouncy slide whoa
no it's quite the wipeout wherever you
are
that's whatever wannabe
one side big
thank you
I am home
I'm forever
good morning guys
Zuri is helping Missy do some gift
wrapping is that right oh she's coming
for you bro
and helping wrap some presents we're
headed to a birthday party today and
Missy is getting final touches
oh ho you're eating the hat what is that
hey whoa
do you make those bad pretty epic tough
case yeah she was up till like 1:00 in
the morning making cupcakes for lives
birthday party which i think is amazing
let me see it
well this one's kind of destroyed but it
looks like a little ice cream huh
and you are a mess yeah he's like don't
judge me I'm just eating candy oh my
goodness look at those you guys those
look awesome so they're like ice cream
shopkins themed cupcakes that's
incredible
my wife is so talented you guys I think
that's amazing also look what Jerry just
said she's jumped up on all these stools
like yeah I'm just gonna chill here
you're cute Suri oh but yesterday we
have a birthday party to go to we're
gonna have some fun we're gonna go to
the movies it's Saturday the weekend is
just waiting for us I will add it was a
little bit difficult getting ready this
morning because our propane tank is
empty so that's great so we have cold
water in it I felt like I have not a big
brother I was like I could not be a hot
I literally was standing in the shower
and I used a washcloth and I like uh
washed my body and then I like got my
hair wet and I got out I was like I
cannot do this oh and I in this matter
day so I don't think they can come till
Monday yeah so we're gonna have cold
water all weekend like the Justin Bieber
song
my mom and dad yeah finish our deck yeah
we're gonna shower there Missy got live
matching outfits for matching pajamas
rather for her and her doll her new
American Girl doll Girl doll for her
birthday so I got her matching outfit
but and then I got her a little bed that
she can like lay her doll in and then
Peyton actually got one as well and I
actually didn't end up getting her
anything for her birthday because we
were busy on her birthday and kids
didn't get to go to it so I thought I'll
get something for Peyton to see they can
both put their dolls to bed oh that's
cute Finn is decided to start playing
with the sparkles all over the bag
you're gonna be all glittery dude
that's what okay Neal
I'll rely on the better actually we've
arranged in essence know what you feel
what are you gonna bring you what movie
we need media how do i watch to Doris
fear seems like she sold our teams ready
tactless which covers good ano motion
method yeah be excited yeah and I think
it's gonna come and now they really is
waiting her she waiting for the cremated
there's painting dressed like Minnie
Mouse and Holly we just got out of
storks and the kids enjoyed it but I
think they're glad to be out because
they're just running around like crazy
Finn is right out here we're just going
to meet up with him he's just been
hanging out in the beginning of that at
the front of the theater just waiting
patiently for us to come oh my gosh look
at him no I'm kidding he's gonna meet me
in Papa why are you guys doing hey Ollie
hey ollie gotcha
she's
alright Olli what did you like better
storks or see your life of pets you want
to see that again three times is it
enough on that one
oh geez now I got to run after him again
Finn is just checking out some hot tubs
apparently hanging out with Mimi and
Papa that's a hot tub yeah it is very
hot it's a hot tub - did he decide which
one he wants to get yeah what's that big
one my daddy watch it Mimi and Papa's
backyard yeah hold it there yeah I mean
that's what he wants anything for Finny
huh
all right we are at this birthday party
now and Holi is climbing up climb up
buddy
see if he does this this is called
daredevil island whoa that was awesome
oli good job was that a little scarier
than you thought it was gonna be you did
a really good job oli okay so we're at
this really cool place that they have
for birthday parties called pump it up
and basically it's like a bunch of
separate arenas that have different
activities and jumps and climbing things
and you basically cycle through every
flirty minute so we'll be in this room
for 30 minutes and then we'll go through
the next one which have a bunch of new
stuff for 30 minutes
it's really cool it's really cool
concept so kids don't get bored
you
well Olli chickened out but Jeff's doing
it maybe Jeff might actually check it
out oh cool smelly
and you try and fly you belly pop okay
awliyas climbing the world's tallest
bouncy slide
whoa
no spreading the light down you get the
job did jump down obviously loving this
place the guys
Wow all the way to the end
Big Love fix lights don't you buddy oh
my goodness here we go
do anything you anything
here we go
we are taking a pit stop on the way home
so that Ali can see some cows he
literally just pulled on this dirt road
and there's a bunch of cows here then
wants to see - hey what sound do cows
make must be dinner time for these guys
you
going for a little walk in the sunset
and all the dogs are not happy about it
they're all just saying hi hi hi hi hey
hi doggies gonna see something cool so
we ended up stopping by the house that I
grew up in when I was a little kid I'm
looking at the house that me and my
parents lived in in the house that my
grandparents lived in and it's really
cool but there is lots of memories here
and a lot of little things that actually
prove that so here so this is something
that me and my grandpa actually made I
remember making the concrete and then we
wrote my name in it and this is my name
I wrote it with like a little nail and
then this is my handprint oh oh my head
that is that's Cassie that's auntie's
hand yeah so that's auntie's hand it's
this hand right here and actually she
was pretty little because I remember it
being hard to keep her hand still but
look at it's practically the same size
as a holy size um yeah it was probably
and there's Cassie's name maybe even
seven or eight and then Jimmy and this
is my cousin Katie
that is so cool babe yeah so is yeah
there's another spot that before casting
is boring me and Jimmy's name is on
there because it's in 1996 you said your
grandpa planted all these eucalyptus
trees and we watched him grow this is my
rope the owners were very gracious to
let us come and check it out Missy's
being nostalgic I think this is silver
rope from my tire swing not that we like
put up there okay see swing over here
crazy now we're here with your kids babe
no I really want the streets that I walk
just like Grandma and Grandpa my kids my
cool
here's Deborah and Chris some other
cousins of Missy 1991 that's marked
okay so when I was a kid me and my
brother you pick - truth he's kind of
all the way up we follow that branch and
we hop over to the roof
and then we hide on the roof and we
watch my grandpa from the other side
when he was looking for us we ducked
behind this the tip of the roof yeah we
actually that's the branch that we would
climb to and then hop on today were
still dangerous my grabber gets all mad
at us so funny they said that like
everything here is the same stuff that
was here so this is where I had my
chicken this is like my backyard that's
my house this is my bike backyard and we
had chickens out here a coyote or some
sort of animal dug under the sunshine
here and one morning woke up and all of
our chickens were slaughtered dead so
that's why I'm very protective of my
chicken does the last time you had
chickens yeah until now now we have
chickens on yep
you like barely see it but I can see it
that's a Jay and this is a mess so the
Jay is it here and the S you see oh yeah
my parents initials okay it is still
there
alright guys we are back home and we had
such a fun day it was actually so random
but so cool that we were able to stop by
where I grew up it was just so I just
loved going by there everyone so I go
there every like few years and kind of
like remember everything I just have so
many amazing memories it reminds me of
my childhood but also reminds me like of
the basics and what I'm excited for when
it comes to my kids as they're growing
up because I had such an amazing
childhood and it'll be really cool to
kind of be able to recreate some of the
cool stuff that I got to experience it's
a really cool night but now I am
actually nursing Finn he's like hey guys
I see you
he's um getting ready to fall asleep
alright guys make sure you give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
we'll see you guys in our next video bye
Boop
