Finn is wearing always old little Tigger
outfit it is so cute
throw that for karma good job wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
putting your dog
very
good morning guys how are you guys doing
today we have a very busy day we are
doing some filming for something very
special we can't tell you about yet but
we will tell you about very soon and
actually in regards to that I mean you
may have seen online that I am going to
be attending buffer festival in Toronto
Canada at the end of October and that's
actually where we're going to be
premiering a lot of cool stuff so if you
guys are in the Toronto area and you
guys want to see some new music videos
when I hear some new music you want to
see something special please attend
because it would be a blast I'll have
all the links down below so you can get
more information about it as well this
cat has been chilling in my office and I
just seriously just cannot believe how
big she's gotten look at that she's like
showing off right now for you guys so I
feel like she has been feeling a little
bit better but she is still having some
accidents which I'm very confused about
and we're trying to figure it out
but I'm sure it's nothing too major come
here come here never but you let me but
you let me put you let me put you she's
like yeah this is my table now Oh be
honest he's filming right now something
go out and there's a lot happened not
every little story or every detail is
told good morning guys I don't think
I've had a chance really the vlog much
today I have been getting my hair and
makeup done and we've been doing like
behind the scenes shooting for Brian's
album and I'm trying to be kind of quiet
right now cuz he's like right inside
shooting I'll show you guys real quick
hang on he's in there shooting
yeah he's just doing some stuff we're
like kind of just talking about the
album and just so we can make you guys
something special that kind of tells you
a lot about the songs and what we've
been working on and that's what I've
been doing today I'm also just trying to
keep the boys busy and occupied while
brian is doing stuff have you been
having a good day Olly yeah yeah we've
been playing why
oh yeah you got an owie hon here show me
your alley
act I active walking she fell and it
there wasn't even them he didn't even
cry but he really went to band aid so
he's got a little band aid
oh it's okay okay that's your paw patrol
band aid huh anyways we were just having
a nice fun day the what there's amazing
play what
it's broken yeah doesn't look broken
yeah that's just how it is Vicky and me
frigid okay it sounds like you're gonna
break it
oh wow really handy there oli oh no I am
very handy all right you guys we are all
done filming for the day kind of took
most of our day but we wanted to share
with you our new fireplace it was
supposed to get done the first day and
then it was like the next day they were
gonna come finish it the next day they
were gonna come finish it don't leave in
a week it's basically done there are
some things that need to be done but
we're going to show you the fam here are
some before and after photos so you can
see what it looks like before and this
is what it looks like now boom look at
that so cool it's very pretty
we have the big hunk of wood up here and
I think this looks so cool it's so
rustic looking the color is like perfect
it's like dark but beautiful and then
we've got all these like slates of wood
which are cool because it's got all
kinds of different textures like lighter
colors and darker colors and it's really
cool and then we have the same shape
bench that was here but it's now made of
wood and what's really cool is this now
this opens up opens up for more storage
so we can put blankets down here we
could put board games down here we could
put presents down you yeah time it could
be a good hiding spot it's really really
cool now this area is more useful plus
it still is get used to be just a seat
and now we have storage there sianis or
yeah well we are adding some hydraulics
so that it's easier to live
easier so doesn't slam on kids fingers
that's important it's pretty heavy hey
Ellie what can we put in there president
he heard presents and he came running
over here yes so the front has this
really cool like white board on top like
a trestle look and it's cool because it
basically incorporates the white that we
have going on because we have a lot of
different white things paired with like
wood things so what there are yeah but
there are a couple things that still
need to be done
so obviously this carpet needs to be fit
so it's right up against it they're
gonna cut yeah they're gonna cut the
carpet right there so it fits perfectly
up again so they're gonna you can see
the concrete here so they're gonna fill
that in and then up here he cut it so
it's like lined up perfectly but we need
to fix it yeah it just needs to be
textured and painted yeah and then I
think we're putting a new handle on here
yeah yeah we can open it a little easier
Brian can do it cuz he's big strong man
but I cannot lift it it's very heavy so
that's why it definitely needs
hydraulics too but it's really cool and
luckily because the fireplace is gas you
can actually have anything over here
it's not like dangerous to have like
yeah it is kind of silly folks just like
you have a fire that we have like dry
string stain yeah and we have like a
couple of different things on top of
here we'll probably try and find some
more like white things to tie in them
yeah back and forth about the white
piece because I just wasn't sure if it
really flowed with it do I want to paint
it a different color or do I want to get
rid of it but we're seeing we're
sticking with it for now we'll just
incorporate other wood yeah
like putting like a white pillow on here
yeah but it looks good huh so much
better than before look so it looks like
our style you know the other one was
beautiful but it just wasn't our style
yeah there's a big old hunk of mantel
right there and we actually have a whole
other project in addition to the
fireplace we're getting some really cool
wood beams put on the ceiling which kind
of just accent like the height of the
ceiling and kind of makes the whole room
sort of point to the fireplace so
that'll be really cool too and hopefully
it's going to be up by next week so I am
now out of the house I actually don't
have a single child on me which is very
rare these days
just very attached to me lately but I
was able to leave him at home all at
home and they are with Brian and I'm now
running to time and I'm actually going
to meet Natalia here we're grabbing a
few things for lives party tomorrow I'm
going to be baking some stuff tonight
and I'm actually really excited about it
so I'll let you guys see what I'm gonna
bake and make and stuff but let's go
shopping
all right me and tell with stoppin we
got a lot of stuff for making a lot of
stuff actually for lives birthday which
I'm really excited about but I also got
like some bursaries and other things and
tall got a few things so I think it was
a successful trip to target we had no
kids
we had a Starbucks and we enjoyed
ourselves a little bit but anyways I'm
really excited to get home to start
making this I'm gonna take Cal home cuz
Geoffrey drop draw so I won't leave you
here stranded oh yeah I'm like lying in
ready no the Sun is literally let me
just show you the Sun right now BAM
right in front of our eyes
can you see it there it is so this is
what we're looking at right now Oh gonna
do a live does bother my eyes closed
yeah can all of this tell you we're okay
doctor left tonight alright I'm home and
Ollie is already taking me to jail
what'd I do you have to go done octave
daddy's office why you had to go outside
okay anyways he's putting in jail I
don't know what I did I don't think he
knows I know I'm in jail to say it here
but no I'm in jail I have to stay here
he always says this thing that I always
said when I was a kid and that's pretend
to go outside or pretend to something
and it's the cutest thing I'm kind of
catch it let's see oh hi boys
what okay pretend to go to jail yeah
okay I'm gonna pretend to go to jail now
Oh pretend we're all in jail now we're
pretending we're all in jail I'm in jail
to you buddy yeah okay
I'll shut that door now we're all in
jail should we what should we do now
should we pretend to go outside yeah
okay let's go to put ten to be outside
pretending to go outside that's really
good okay this is just pretend I mean
pretend is starting to sound like a
really weird word pretend you want to
pretend to outside to Finn and I'm
telling you right now like I never
taught him to say pretend and that is
what I said me and my brother always
said pretend that pretend that and now
he's turning we say at a ton but it's so
cute you always said pretend that you
have to go outside or pretend that you
have to go to jail I love it I love you
ollie
Finn's pretending to walk on fire he
just watched guys are cute oh yes by the
way Finn is wearing always old little
Tigger outfit it is so cute
throw that for karma good job he's
trying to throw it for him stop for
karma oh that's so cute is that get that
thing off me there you go nice not even
a one year old it feels so good out here
you guys it's like not hot
doesn't feel like California are you big
fire now to your dinosaur breeze fire
oli you got you I got fire on me go with
your hose
no more fire good work Marshall are you
okay I don't know
I don't know what to do I just keep
having fire on me so Ali is dressed as a
dinosaur
we were watching Jurassic 3 think
because he begged me to turn it on even
though I didn't want to and he fell
asleep dressed and it dies our costume I
believe the brush his teeth and get
pajamas on so he's gonna have to wake
the cutest sleeping dinosaur ever I
don't know I almost want to leave him in
there so he can wake up tomorrow and see
himself as a dinosaur you like you
I think that's adorable but I think I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog we
had a really fun day
it's Friday yay happy Friday or happy
Saturday to you guys but if you have not
voted for us well you have not voted for
us today for the streamys you can vote
for daily bumps for show of the year and
I'll have a link down below in the
description or you can check out
tomorrow's video and learn all the
different ways you can vote but to make
it pretty easy you click that link down
below in the description and vote for us
to win show of the year for the streamys
because that'd be amazing but anyway
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
we'll see ya manana bye
