oh no oh no oh you got me didn't you
sweater head Wow wherever you are that's
where ever wanna be all
Oh
every
with me
good morning how you doing buddy
good you eatin breakfast yeah you were
eatin breakfast I made him a smiley face
breakfast some whipped cream berries
some pancakes is it yummy oh it's a cold
pancake yes sometimes he likes some cold
which is very weird yes you do you just
say he's so confusing first he's hot
he's cold good morning fan how are you
doing buddy are you just eaten you eaten
some food yes so Missy did this really
genius thing she grabbed a crib sheet
well I think she bought a couple extras
and put holes in them for the buckle so
that when Finn is done eating she can
rip this whole thing off and throw it in
the washer and not have to worry about
cleaning the whole seat up because I was
getting quite crazy for a long time are
you a kitty cat yeah okay kitty cats
right here karma and the kitty are
playing karma little who's talking about
how they're playing nice and he's seen
you're being obnoxious now kitty cat oh
but look at her she is not afraid she is
not afraid of karma huh Rishi
it's okay Zuri karma won't hurt you they
are starting to play more though it's
actually really cute hey Carm up be nice
oh look is she submitted to you that
means you guys can play oh you're good
kitty
yeah get it out Gabe I had feels so nice
out here this morning you guys I
actually woke up to a ton of fog all
over the yard
it has since dissipated it was really
pretty chickens are out birds are out
the air is fresh clean feels like fall
and I'm drinking hot apple cider from
starbucks and it's amazing love it you
guys holidays are coming up let me know
in the comments if you're excited for
the holidays cuz I definitely am excited
for Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas my
birthday it's like the Quadra factor
that I word I don't know all right guys
you may have already heard but we have
been nominated for the streamys show of
the year which
is a huge honor it's so amazing and we
are so excited but we need your help to
win so there are three ways to vote and
all the ways will be down in the
descriptions but the first way is
through the streamys website which we
will have link down below the second way
is to tweet the word vote
hashtag streamys and our twitter handles
and there's a link down below that will
autofill the tweet for you to make it
easy and the third and final way is to
retweet streamys original tweet which we
will also have link down below and you
can actually vote up to 200 times a day
which is absolutely crazy and we would
love it if you did that but we're just
honestly so honored to be recognized
within the community of amazing creators
just to be standing next to people who
we've always admired and looked up to
it's amazing absolutely amazing so thank
you guys so much for voting thank you
guys for getting us to this place you
guys are amazing and we are actually
going to the streamys which we are very
excited about I gotta go shopping I
gotta get a dress it's gonna be really
awesome so yeah thank you guys so much
oh my gosh Holly what did we just find
in the hallway
Oh a spider yes this is a big old spider
look at these big old eyes and these
long legs this is like the most scariest
spider ever you don't like spiders this
is probably a nice spider who just wants
to play you know chase it yeah go play
with the spider look at the spider
scamper scamper is just like a real
spider looking guy she's like laying
down she's like I do not have time for
this you so cute huh well he'll even
letting you put her own oh here comes
Finny ahh
he came to sweep my office floors
apparently so Missy actually picked up a
bunch of different costumes for Zuri and
for karma so you'll probably be seeing
them in costumes probably until
Halloween and maybe even after Halloween
so just like dressing up in costumes and
I think it's adorable ah good morning
guys
actually at the dentist right now with
thin I'm just getting his teeth checked
out because they're coming in with a
little bit of a discoloration I just
want to make sure it's okay but I'm
actually like super embarrassed right
now because I'm filming a video and so
I'm just really crazy so you guys will
have to check out my video on my channel
in the next couple weeks hopefully I'll
be up but it's like really embarrassing
I've gotten a dollar here for support
she's with me she's actually helping me
film it as well so I'm like trying to
hide in the corner rule you guys can't
even see the phalanx I like ridiculous
you
- Benny just woke up from his nap and
he's like what's going on in this house
it's so loud and crazy huh yeah I know
right
and you always grab the Apple TV clicker
huh because that's how you know we'll
chase after you yes there's craziness
happening in that room there's craziness
happening in this room you guys will
have to keep your eye out for a video on
Missy's Channel what the heck is going
on here arts and crafts time and Finn
just woke up from his nap and he's like
come on my bed too much huh sometimes
it's just too much okay I'm gonna take
this I'm gonna just take it I am strong
normal toy no all right what do you
think likes your brain let me see your
braids that's pretty how was school good
you're hanging out with us while your
mom helps me see with her art project Co
beans look Ali did you see this it's got
doors and that's what horsey it's like
magnetic too so just like that's working
there what is that Olli what does it
look like oh gosh it looks like a horse
by these a goat oh yeah go oh look
what's in this one Oh what is that Olli
funny yeah up here Oh Olli check that
one right there what's in that one
that's cute huh oh hi Finn are you
rocking on the dragon I got it dad you
won
oh yeah look okay I'm all done that was
very nicely live thank you all right you
guys so it has been such a beautiful day
outside I we've actually had all of the
windows in the house open we're just
letting the air flow through and it
feels so good I'm pretty sure we're done
using the air conditioning now in
California which is very nice because we
get nice fresh air I've been hanging out
in my office getting this new IMAX setup
because this one well this is the new
box the old one that's in there was like
way messed up so we're sending that to
Apple to fix and I got spider-man
and no like this all a church no see you
have a fist and then you turn it over
and that's how you look choo choo choo
choo ah ah
spider-man's chasing me spider-man
chasing me I'm spider-man too but I
don't need the costume ah
spider-man oh no incoming off
spider-man's chasing me you guys got you
got you spider-man Oh got Webb to the
face yes we've also been watching
spider-man on Netflix oh no oh no you
gotta didn't you sweater head Wow Haley
I have a question
hello Jackie I have a question you gonna
give me an answer
yeah it's spider-man he's not ticklish I
think he is Oh spider and tickle is
running a big loose I like your costume
Superman
alright I'm Superman now dad life
so my dad has been outside playing in
the yard and he says come out right now
always gotta see this I don't know what
is out here but I'm a little scared here
we go what is that holy a spider oh my
gosh it's right here
what the heck is that Lee Grahn I see
he's gone down oh are you gonna name the
blood at least it's not another snake
Jim you caught that oh my gosh so now we
have snakes and tarantulas many be
careful they're not harmful though right
he can bite but agitator I wouldn't call
them it's freaking fit-out we're here on
your screen what do you think he likes
Papa's arm because it's all hairy like
yeah I'm nervous
we're all looking I'm done that is crazy
but yeah I guess we're may be agitating
a little more hard let's put in your bed
it's one can you put it in your pocket
keep them warm you sleep oh let's all
pretend like we can't see it Oh where'd
the big spider go can't see it that's
crazy can we put him in our aquarium put
him in there for a day and we'll let him
go so you don't really want to hold them
you don't want to grab on or pick them
up all right you guys I think that's all
for today's video
all the kids are asleep and we are
getting ready because we have a big day
tomorrow
we're shooting some stuff tomorrow
that's a specific a zombie yeah I'm just
sitting in my office and getting ready
to end the day actually my office is
like super clean too there's be so
probably go clean my office and you guys
what they ever like this be ax late so I
gotta end the block but I hope you guys
enjoyed the video be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment check Allah's links down below
to vote for us for the streamers and we
will see you min Jana bye
