hey guys before today's vlog start
someone to let you know that we have
some really big news
you guys know probably we were nominated
for a Streamy award in the kids and
family section we were also just
announced today that we are nominated
for show of the year daily bumps is
nominated for show of the year
for streaming and this is like a really
really big deal because it's actually a
category that you as can vote on yes we
definitely need your help and you guys
can vote and I'll have a link here on
the screen and down below in the
description box with all the information
on how you can vote Missy and I are both
going to be at the streamys on October
4th and it would be so amazing to take
home this win but seriously thank you to
all of you guys who just got us there in
front of their eyes
it's seriously amazing to be nominated
for show the year alongside some of
YouTube's biggest creators so thank you
guys cool thank you
alright but go vote and on today's blog
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
sauceman sad big blue eyes
I am
every
good morning guys I am off to swim class
with the boys and if you're wondering
why I'm wearing these little what I call
Mickey ears it's because look who's in
my back seat a little doggie
what's your name Dougie Marshall
Marshall is from paw patrol if you don't
know and he just had to dress up in this
costume and go to swim class and he was
like mama you have to be a doggie too so
he actually put these on me and I was
like whoa I can't take him off because
he's my little boy it's got to play the
game with him okay so anyways we are
headed to swim class we're dressed as
dogs and that's just how it's gonna be
today the excited for swim yeah all
right let's go woman who's here um what
do you see is that Mimi and Papa oh it's
so excited hi hey Doc hi Marshall hi
papa ah a new suit me know putting out
the fire oh the fire on you right ollie
I think you're the part Bart can make
the fire hose come out is that how you
do it you bark yeah oh dude arts in it
Wow well guys I am standing outside of
swim and all I just had Sid swim class
how did swim class go for you ollie
yeah I went pretty good he would kind of
put up a fight hang up eh
I just didn't obey in the beginning he
didn't obey and then he did good but I
actually got this women I realized I
actually can't get in the water right
now and my dad had his bathing suit so
he went ahead and took vinda thin I have
to literally be outside because if Finn
sees me he starts screaming which I
think he saw me in the window so now
he's like really mad let me see I can
show you see he's with Papa but fin and
definitely saw me and he's like get me
out out like babe
oops hi dolly hide don't let him see you
hold for a guy alright so we are home
and the boys of naptime actually just
enjoying some weather outside which is
really really nice it's actually really
humid but cool not too hot it's really
nice but always inside he doesn't know
what I'm gonna do but I bought more of
these Dino eggs from Target the other
day which we got these for his birthday
and he loved it and he's actually just
been randomly finding them that made me
just like fell like rolled down this
hill during his party and he just finds
them all the time and he loves it
because he just like will literally dig
and grab them for hours until he gets
the Dino out of the middle so it's a
really fun little toy so what I'm going
to do is I'm going to hide these all
over the yard and I'm hoping that some
might be like easier and some will be
even harder and maybe we'll even find
them for a long time but I'll always
know like we can go out here and
actually look for dinosaur eggs because
maybe we'll actually find them so I'm
going to hide them right now all over
the yard and then maybe we'll find at
least one tonight and he'll be really
excited and we also let the chickens out
for a little bit they're just grazing
and I've got to tell you guys a little
secret
Lynnette the other morning finally
cockadoodle dude you're a cockadoodledoo
er aren't you Lynette so I would say
it's official she is a rooster I don't
know if I'll ever be able to call Haraki
because she's just Lynette like I don't
know he's just a one that you guys are
so cute but you're Lynette I mean you're
a Lenny but you'll always be my Lynette
I don't know we're gonna do it was a
real as a real whimper it was more like
that it was like 6:00 a.m. that's like
that day like I woke up like oh no is he
okay and then I looked on my camera and
I heard him go Oh Mike
keep practicing I guess right thing what
is she doing is that JC okay she just
likes you just likes your paper but
chicken
hey hey you were what are you doing
what are you doing sorry fakeness why
jump get here karma gonna eat you if you
do that what in the world is it been for
been that chicken was chasing you
oh my gosh it must have thought you had
a worm or something
I'm sorry okay like scared to death of
chickens now
you
kind of new
I mean oh gosh
one last one in his Dino digging area
that'll be really really hard
all right we threw away all the evidence
they're all pretty well hidden some are
hard some he may never find them he may
not find for years some he may find very
easily but I think it'll be really fun
for him he has no idea that there's 12
there's 12 eggs out here and I'm
probably gonna forget most of them but I
showed you guys where they all are so we
forget maybe you'll remember my dad's
over here though he's putting in motion
sensor lights right security lights that
way if any predator comes around here
they will be spotted with a light
hopefully it scares them off I honestly
don't think that they can really even
get in here anyways but with a light
hopefully that'll scare them off a
little bit more all right what are you
doing ollie you need to look for Dino
eggs why are you looking for Dino eggs
did mommy see a dinosaur
what kind of dinosaur did mama see a
dino pterodactyl it flew over here and
it just like dropped a bunch of eggs but
I have no idea where they went
so you're gonna have to find him I don't
know if we're gonna find them all today
but you'll also find them slowly okay
but maybe we'll find one today okay you
will look for that pterodactyl he went
up to the vault or the fire mountain up
there
I don't you guys know but that's our
fire mountain all they named it that
that's where the dinosaurs live do you
see any dinah waves over here Olli where
I want to start digging if you want to
find one oh do you think they buried up
whoa Wow that's a--that's a chase move
right there
Chase is on the case here let's just
start digging you just kind of move
around the dirt mmm do you see anything
yeah how did I find that sure Wow
carga go put in car meas water we're
gonna need like an official Dino eggs
wonderful yeah ok I'm coming
alright we've got all the official dino
egg bowl ok
now you put it in and now go turn it on
over there good job
now turn it off good job we got water
everywhere
put your Dino making it good God let it
so great yeah cool that's gonna be so
fun
you trying to pick it off already gotta
give it like 5 minutes ok
alright let's let it sit like that ok oh
my gosh did you crack it open already
Wow
he was very patient he let it sit in the
water for 5 minutes and came right over
here with his rock it is massive that
thing up but so cool what color is it
it's it it's you it's blue you're right
looks a little purple but pretty blue
you are gonna get that Dino right out of
there aren't you yeah this is his Dino
crackin area
it's almost time what are you gonna do
I'm gonna put incest water put in the
water and let it sit a little longer
yep is it not done yet it's in that dad
yeah yeah digging for Dino make six
patients huh
what daddy oh you got it yep Wow
what is it it's a oh yeah what kind of
dinosaur book oh you broke it out but
what kind of dinosaur is that it is pet
aha
yes it is you worried the smartest boy
you know that you know all the dinosaurs
huh nah I've told that not a pterodactyl
the J Sarah tops no I saw a pterodactyl
flying and it dropped a bunch of eggs
but apparently pterodactyls can have
Triceratops always look at you oh my
gosh that's so cute can I see the baby
Dino let me see it again
Wow all right my dad's got all the
security cams on here it actually goes
all the way around so I think it'll just
add a little extra security but on to my
next project
it is officially fall around here
especially with the cooler weather and
the cloudy skies and so I'm going to
decorate for fall I've got all kinds of
goodies here and I've got my helpers
we're gonna decorate the front of this
coop so I thought you know let's just do
a little bit YouTube magic let's make it
happen okay guys here we go
abracadabra make it ship there it is oh
my gosh I am in love my new fall ticket
group so all he helped me with this we
got a little welcome to our patch here
we just hammered that into the ground
and then we've got a little scarecrow
that's sitting on the little porch we've
got some acorn boughs that's fun I've
got a acorn wreath up here which is so
cute I love it and then I got this cute
little area where we've got two little
friends and a crow a bird we've got a
friend here
with a pumpkin and then this cool little
pumpkins sitting all on hey looks so
cute I love it so much I haven't
decorated my own house yet but I've
decorated the chicken coop and I'm
pretty excited about it all I do like it
you helped out oh don't hammer him we
got to give him a name you are oh you
look like a girl you've got some
eyelashes going on here we named her
Sally all right Sally I hope you have
fun living here all right guys it is now
bedtime the kids are fast asleep it was
kind of a crazy night where I was like
running around like crazy trying to get
them clean trying to get them dinner
trying to get everything done but
they're asleep terilyn in case you're
over Brian is still driving homes been
in LA all day long and the traffic was
crazy so I ended up just kind of
chilling there because otherwise he
probably would've been home the same
exact time even if he had left four
hours ago I'm excited to lay down and
relax I'm actually really excited the
fireplace is looking super good but I
don't want you guys to see it until it's
totally done and it's not done yet so
hopefully tomorrow we'll have actually
the finished product I actually have the
fireplace on right now it looks so cool
it doesn't look cool it was really cool
yeah it looks really cool hi Zuri kitty
how are you doing hi Oh crying really
loud hi guys I'm back home okay
get it get the ball I think by the way
she's feeling a lot better you hear her
purring you guys she's still different
now but yeah anyway I am back home now
and I'm really excited to go through
footage because Missy told me that fen
actually got attacked by a chicken jenny
is hilarious but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
and please click that link down below in
the description and vote for us to win
show of the year for the streamys it's
seriously amazing being nominated and we
appreciate it and we
show you right so thank you say manana
bang
