who'd the Dino was gay you like Madonna
so I was gonna get thin you better run
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
thank you
good morning everyone always say good
morning good morning good morning my
little finger but you're still eating
that toothbrush huh and you got a little
something there it was a good night we
all slept so good and we're actually up
pretty early this morning dressed and
ready to go because the boys have a
doctor's appointment today
although all I thinks it's just for Finn
and Finn thinks it's just for Olli we
haven't even eaten breakfast though now
that we're ready I might just go and
grab something on the way instead of
making something here and then I'm
taking forever to eat it and then being
a mess afterwards and you know all that
stuff so yeah I think we're gonna head
out and have a fun day all right we made
it to the doctor's pin is done in the
car so I gotta get out of this car like
right now I'm super bumming right now
because right now ollie is that that age
where honestly actually like never mind
the doctor like he'll say like I gotta
go the doctor he's not like scared of
the doctor but today basically he is
getting his shots we had a three year
well visit a few weeks ago we decided to
like not do his shots at that time or at
that visit so we're doing it now when
Finn is getting his 10 month update or
his 10 month well visit and that means
always got to get his really bad because
I think he's at that age or he's gonna
remember and I don't want him to hate
the doctor so we're gonna take say into
the doctor and we're gonna have fun time
okay
you don't want to go doctor well it'll
be fun go run to the doctor I'll like
come here and race your brothers any
always like this is not a race
whoa okay go hey Finn I need your
brother won okay who the Dino let's get
you Dennis I was gonna get in keep it a
run
hey buddy did you have an okay doctor
visit yeah
you're so sad are you okay do you want
to just you need daddy should we call
him so you can talk to him
yeah is it hurt still should we do
something fun today with you you won't
what oh you just want the doctor to go
away she was just making sure you don't
get sick okay she's a good doctor she
likes you okay I love you
okay well I love you Kay
okay you want to do something fun what
are you gonna do today go to the water
park maybe we could go to the water park
kay okay you want to take a nap and then
go ballpark okay we'll do that here you
go hey show them your arm
tell them how big you were and how like
brave you are Tom you were a big boy how
you feeling doing better
I'm sorry you got out we but I love you
yeah we look at it yeah I won't touch it
I'm sorry what are we gonna do
Oh toy toy we're gonna watch Toy Story
and cuddle yeah I think we'll do
something fun after Phenix up and we
like relax for a little bit okay okay
that sound good yeah all right let's
watch some Toy Story some Woody and Buzz
right
oh my goodness I've been trying to like
relax ever since I got home and I have
just gotten one knock of the door after
the other I had someone come to look at
something I'm trying to get done in the
house I'm actually trying to change out
the fireplace area I'm gonna make it
more like rustic wood looking so that
guy came and then Finn woke up and I put
Finn back to bed then flowers came for
me
which I'm not complaining about at all
but they're really really super pretty
and I was like whew that is getting me
fired and it was frightening he said you
know it says just want to thank you so
much for all the support you've given me
the past couple weeks as I work on my
album I know it hasn't been easy I love
you to the moon and back your husband so
not so nice it is so nice he's so cute
it's really nice super pretty flowers
got like hydrangeas and some roses and
they're really pretty so no I'm just not
gonna relax I'm probably gonna go
outside with all I think he's kind of
like all right mom I guess we're not
gonna watch a movie so we all ended up
actually getting a really nice nap both
the kids and
me did and then my mom and dad heads
over and we're now gonna go swimming
we're gonna swim hang out in the pool I
think this is gonna good as the water
parks gonna get that's probably it's a
little bit easier to just do a swimming
pool and he doesn't really know the
difference you have fun Ally you feeling
good how's your ally doing it feels good
it hurt a little no okay good I'm glad
oh hey very how's it going baby girl
she's turning into a real cheetah baby
she's so big and so heavy no a real
tiger
I guess real Bengal tiger I was actually
reading today the difference between
Bengals and savannas oh yeah but not I
mean obviously that hasn't been like her
in since me she's really really nice but
she's kind of crazy and has so much
energy
Savannah's are pretty similar but I
guess if Anna's actually end up being
bigger than Bengals - oh wow that's
crazy she's gonna be big she's yeah guys
play nice Australian Shepherd border
collie mixes are the best doggies she's
over there like I'm gonna get you later
yeah I'm gonna get you later I was in
the studio all day today basically
recording a song and I'm trying to like
mix up what I vlog at the studio so you
guys aren't getting like the same ol
same ol every single time but it was a
really important song today and it was
really challenging and I did it and it's
gonna be probably one of the biggest
song actually it's probably gonna be
dubbing a song on the whole yeah it's
gonna be one of the most personal song
yeah but it was really cool to be able
to finish it in the studio today and we
did some swimming and then Missy just
made cookies look at these cookies I
made them so I could look at him I don't
think I'm gonna eat him it looks like
winter has just overtaken these
delicious chocolate cookies what I know
right summers not even over over like
winds fall time these look amazing you
guys
you know what I don't care if it is like
midnight I'm gonna have a cookie mmm
which one oh yeah I made him pretty good
oh that's awesome comment below with
your favorite cookie flavor and Missy
will make it for me tomorrow mmm they
even cooked yeah I mean they're so big
you guys I'm so jealous that you're
stuck in my tiny little camera and you
can't taste it
people if they had taste division mm-hmm
watch smellivision taste it taste that
mmm look at it look at it look at look
how beautiful I don't know that'll focus
because my camera is like attempting
wait I just need one more behind oh I
was like I'm right here to catch it
all right that's probably enough cookie
cuz of the time we go to bed I think
that's all for today's vlog but for for
today's vlog and I just want to say huge
props to my wife Missy she's amazing and
she's been giving me a lot of space and
time and giving me enough energy to be
able to run away for a couple of days
this month and record my album I know it
hasn't been easy but she's been doing
amazing and I'm so thankful for her and
everything that she does for our family
and I love you but anyway that's all for
today's vlog if you have not seen
Missy's new video go check it out she
did an update about bannocks links below
thanks for watching and see you again
