nice alligator won't fix it get your
bathing suit on dude wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
once that big
just one
good morning guys you've got the boys
we've got the Johnson Sam and we're
actually headed to a really fun family
event they've gonna have games they're
gonna have a really special like top 40
act I don't know
I'm hoping it's like someone really cool
who do you hope it is I had a dream that
it was Shania Twain okay why mommy you
got your water
important to stay hydrated during the
day okay so we are at the Prudential run
401 K and it's a really fun event
there's booths and fun and games there's
gonna be a very special performance
tonight by Jason Derulo which I'm very
excited to see
guess who it is for the past few weeks
and we didn't just a few girls know but
that's going to be really exciting so
we're gonna have some fun with the kids
today
all right we are at the little tattoo
parlor they have here and Olli are you
going to get a tattoo
all right we have decided upon the pizza
right Olli
does it look yummy can you say thank you
missy is doing this pretty little flower
and we're going to place it right there
whoa what's a serf that's cool
whoa that's so cool
whoa babe you are so thug hi to also get
the pizza Wow look at that because it's
definitely the coolest one and all in
our matching yeah
oli look at we're matching isn't that
cool oh yes we got that one look at him
he's like that's the one I got huh all
right it's Vinnie's turn we're trying to
get trying to get a tattoo on him but
he's like I just want touch it oh mama
is too quick we're really gonna do it on
his face stay still then it's okay what
is happening to me
that is cute dude
check out the photo booth we did that's
cute
you know they didn't do Molly just keeps
pushing the button and sitting down to
take more smile check this out they have
a Lakers uh he's at 18 20 22 uh Jeffery
knows what he's doing
dollars to fight target I met and got 55
Wow good job I want to go again son
alright it's misty in town now heads
ahead babe you're doing pretty good you
just passed me up 24 if you put 16
dollars to every month from now until
you retire you'll take 29,000
29 jeez that's a lot of hi phones this e
41 dang girl everyone else he could beat
me at this game
alright all he's playing investment
basketball as well shoot buddy shoot
also close
Missy's right there for backups just to
make sure he's not broke dang babe
you're doing good he just hit himself
with it go laughs go laughs hey guys his
dad yeah we're both gonna be broke
ollie good job look at you got $22 shoot
oh so close so we just did a bunch of
fun stuff at this event here and now we
are in this really nice tent and we have
a perfect view of the
and Jason Derulo is going to be coming
out to perform for all of us we're so
excited to see him perform and dance and
Jim and I just want to say huge thanks
to Prudential for having us out to this
event cuz it's been
did you have fun Finn you having fun and
he's really hungry
you
all right so we're all finished with the
Prudential race we had such a blast and
now we are all at BJ's getting some food
and I just want to say something so we
were outside in direct sunlight for 4
hours 90 degree weather and look at this
you ready for this you ready for this
look at this babe what's the verdict
dry like I can literally like I can hug
you and not be like and does it smell
smell it let me try yeah I smells good
it actually worked the procedure I got a
couple days ago work that's amazing
I feel so great I don't feel like gross
and like unclean you know you probably
sweat from other areas but because the
armpit I can put a lot more in there
you're all wet and you feel like swampy
and it's just I feel amazing
it feels so cool a shirt like halfway
through the day or whatever and so yeah
normally I'm like I go through like two
or three shirt and snakes I just want to
feel come on your load is gonna go down
yeah so I just want to let you guys know
that because it was actually pretty
incredible Finnegan diverse homes so
ready to go we have been driving the car
for like an hour yeah that's right it
closed at least another hour and a half
from where we are thank ass and we're
hoping all I would have woke up right
now because a lot of you guys may not
know this but I was really excited
because this is our very first
I did not bring a single backup diaper
rolling he is officially totally potty
trained but when we are on the bout it
is a little nerve-wracking because you
have to constantly remind him and he
fell asleep before we left and he didn't
want to go while we were at the
restaurant so he hasn't gone to the
restroom probably since like four
privity like four hours and we still
have an hour and a half home and he's
still asleep and I don't want to wake
him because he's not gonna go to the
bathroom if he's half-asleep he'll just
cry probably oh look at there he is hey
he's like being a bathroom you have to
go potty Betty he's like sleeping those
alone nerve-wracking because I don't
know how long this drive he can last but
if he wakes up and he said yes ago will
obviously pull over buddy like an hour
and 15 left yeah hopefully he can hold
it it's been at least four hours you
want something to drink
uh water water oh wait no Gatorade and
chips but anyways speaking of always
potty training I'm planning on doing a
video here soon maybe about it one time
like a hundred percent confident that
it's all done kind of sad cuz we didn't
really get to vlog a lot of his potty
training and I guess that's just because
like I think potty training can be a
little bit private you can't really
tough they can really like show him
potty training because usually they're
basically have nothing on but also I
think that it was difficult because he
is over three and I think a lot of
people were not understanding why he
wasn't potty training and as a mom I
just had to take control and decide when
he was writing what was best for him but
he's officially project reading we were
super excited so proud of him and so I
do still want to document it in some way
if we do something on my channel maybe
I'll talk about you know what we did and
why he was sort of later than other kids
maybe even though I think he's pretty
average maybe I'm a little bit later and
especially for boys I think he's pretty
average but yeah let me know if you guys
want to hear more about his potty
training so I know a lot of moms
probably go through a lot of the same
things that I am when it comes to potty
training a boy and if you guys want to
hear more about what I
did the potty treatment maybe I'll do a
video all right road trip essentials
what do we got
cheddar and sour cream chips hmm
game orange Gatorade Snapple Snapple I
love peach tea Snapple and muddy buddies
YUM it's time to go home we're home and
oli did you go peepee yeah and I'm
actually gonna be honest it has been six
and a half hours since he went pee last
and I asked him like before we wake when
we're at lunch and I and then he just
like fell asleep and then he woke up in
the car I was like do you have to go
peepee his um no thank you
so we got home and he went pee and it
was awesome now we all are wanting to
jump in the pool and so I'm filling up
some floaties that's what you said that
that's correct you went poopoo and
peepee in the potty huh he what did you
make with your poo poo me yep that's
what he calls his poop he calls it a
chocolate Fire Mountain it's really
gross yeah we're not going to show them
it okay but I thought it was really um
oh good man a poo good job
hey oli your diet bars done oh my gosh
and I could get on him
what should we name him a t-rex he is a
t-rex you are right but I think we
should name him like oh did he bite you
bad Dino oh my goodness I think we
should name him like um denne denne yeah
okay we'll call him Danny okay have fun
in the pool and we also got the
alligator out here he's been talking
about alligators all day whoa we got a
dinosaur t-rex
in the pool we named him Denny Denny
Denny the dinosaur we also have a shark
rawr and a crocodile
or an alligator I'm not sure all right
it's alligator nice alligator we'll fix
it get your bathing suit on dude hang on
oli what you get oli what is that it
what's a baby what baby yeah should we
give this to the chickens yeah
all right girls we got a treat for you
oli got you a present
Oh Susan loves worms you guys as a good
old worm huh
you're welcome oh you're so good to your
chickens find another word worm okay all
right we're all done feeding the
chickens with fresh worms and now it's
time to swim with the dinos huh yeah all
right hop on it oh good job dude all
right he's on the alligator are you
wrestling an alligator Ollie wrestled
that alligator he's swimming with it
that's crazy
hop on the t-rex Ollie oh nice whoa
you're riding a t-rex in the water dude
you can stand up events tonight stand up
there you go he likes the dinosaur a lot
oh there he goes
you're such a good swimmer dude how's
the water fill
whoa she tackled that t-rex ha ha ha
Missy's going for the shark that was
pretty pitiful that was pretty epic
all right we got out of the pool we've
been in the hot tub we ate our dinner
and it's been a really nice fun night
I've got my fam over and Finn's asleep
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog my
sister
you're not b8 energy thing hyung
favorite drink ever he likes it he's not
even just be drinking that at all
probably and now you're giving it to him
before bed he really wanted me she was
like yeah he's like bad man stop no more
okay Teemu anyways we're doing and the
vlog so make sure you give this video a
thumbs up all I songs up I will see you
guys tomorrow
Ollie do you want to say bye boo okay
everybody bye
