don't you see
to watch
good morning good money guys this
morning Missy and I loaded up the car we
grabbed the kiddos one of them sleeping
right now probably for the basket and we
are taking them somewhere but it's kind
of a secret they don't know and I think
they're going to be extremely excited
and we're also going with our other
friends Collin ginger who are just ahead
of us it's gonna be great time you ready
to have some fun Ollie look at these
cute little wolves here guys you to
guess where we are we are at the Great
Wolf Lodge isn't that amazing
Wow apparently I am getting some wolf
ears as well oh that's great my life is
made I'm a wolf and it's my birthday oh
you're a good howler let me hear your
howl ollie
they sound more like coyotes
oh now I found some other wolves here
gage you lose the howling contest but
it's okay at least you have your dignity
you guys excited Great Wolf Lodge let's
do this okay and they got their
swimsuits on they're so excited and show
us your room boys let's see what you got
so this is their little area it's a Wolf
Den and inside is bunk bed just like at
home huh oh cool and Finn's gonna sleep
down here yeah look Sona and look at
this here if you're on TV yeah how cool
is that
yeah this is one side of the room it has
a little wolf in it even has a queen bed
with a sofa which is really awesome and
then we actually have another room right
through there that is where we'll be
sleeping in scholarship in bed and stuff
so it's really nice super roomy we've
got plenty of space because we have a
lot of kids with us so I'm sure some
kids will be piling in over here and
sleeping and stuff so we're just so
excited to head down and get to the pool
and you go down the slide oh he really
wants to show us a butterfly
okay guys are you guys ready to go
swimmin yeah like when are we doing this
guys okay let's head down there came to
be so much fun they've got a awesome
waterpark and we have been missing the
waterpark I was also just getting ready
to leave and my sandal broke oh this is
so sucky I only brought these sandals
and my boots shoot hey guys so excited
with the water bar yeah I'm so excited
to do I feel like I've been waiting all
day gonna be fun yeah we are all headed
down to the water park and there's so
much cool stuff it's like a mall for
kids Bay but look at this tree can we
have a seating area like that in our
house
really oh it's usually like a Baltimore
big kits like ah let's just never grow
up
oli always loves finding the Jurassic
Park games huh
oli look what's over here they have
their own pet dragon look I look all
he's getting be okay
that is hot
we may have to get a couple of ones and
slay this dragon let's do it we totally
shouldn't do it it's right back there
water park boy it's crazy I don't think
we've ever been to night door water park
at least not one time like this
Oh waterslide whoa Holly this looks like
the hugest water playground I've ever
seen
lookit fins like let's go he's so
excited what do you think fella cool
are you guys so excited what do you
wanna do first
all right
you can spray the water on all the
people down there
yeah
Wow so this is portrait Envy
all the others
there's a little fever up there that
keeps stuff
here we go
oh yeah we're going down the tornado
this is gonna be awesome like that way
go really far I got you buddy
like cases
very
okay
okay so eat the whole thing
you got this you can do it you can do it
you can do it you're gonna film you go
you see down
you got this Missy
hey watching the boys and Missy and I
are gonna do a little versus
Racing slightly man
our toboggans
I'm pretty sure I'd dominated that what
happened
all right we are back in our rooms and
we had a blast at the water park didn't
we they do have so much fun yeah you
have fun now they are exhausted we
played down there and I was like I think
it was like 8 o'clock when we left it
was so so late but it was so nice and
they had so much fun it's such a cool
little like facility where there's
something to do for like every single
age they had tons to do it wasn't like
they have a one little section that's it
like there was tons for them to do it
was just really really cool but now we
are exhausted so it it's time for bed
looking for his eyes he's like I'm so
sorry actually put fit up here because
this has a rail so if you like rolls
around he won't fall off whereas this
one he rolls around all the time he
would totally fall off that so I'm like
I don't know it's a little
nerve-wracking though so we'll see oh
okay can I say my mind everyone yay hey
give the video a thumbs up if you liked
it thumbs up and let us know down in the
comments what is your favorite waterpark
you've ever been to is this from your
favorite yeah alright guys we will see
you guys for another fun day tomorrow
bye
Boop
