this is what he does all day
grabs little Dino eggs smashes them and
what are you looking for you're looking
for dinos wherever you are that's what
ever wanna be big
what in your dog
Oh
there you win
good morning oli what are you doing you
catching this fishy
I thought of bitchy that's a kitty we're
about to get your fishy let it sit there
move it a little ah Fisher not bitin
this morning are they here keep trying
yeah you did get that fishy Olli that's
not a fishy it's a kitty but that kind
of looks like a fishing pole huh
can you reel it in like a fishing pole
yeah that's what he's been doing this
morning what did Papa tell you your
fishing poles in the water yes it is you
guys don't know when he went fishing
with Papa one of the fishes took his
fishing pole so it's in the water huh
that was quite a very long sentence Olli
I'm very proud of you can give me a hug
good morning I love you good morning you
guys we are in my office playing with
Zuri Zuri's kind of in contained over
here because she is not feeling well at
all
she's been having a couple accidents and
so that has her on some medication and
we're hoping it helps her feel better
you just want to catch hurry here she
comes
fishing for kiddies right here Holly
what did Suri find a spider is it hiding
right now oh there it is it's going that
is so crazy
I've never seen a spider do that before
like put himself into a ball that's
pretty crazy huh kids are get it she's
eating the spider
good morning Finn this little kid is
doing his morning walk throughout the
house okay so is this where all our
Apple clickers go do you go to sleep
with them at night Missy just takes our
Apple clickers walks around the whole
house
so he personally does is he goes
straight for Apple cookers because he
knows when we're watching TV and he
grabs the elbow cooker we all jump at
him and so he doesn't know you just know
you know how to get all the attention
are we getting breakfast ready for the
boy we got strawberries and some pumpkin
bread he's gonna Mac and get all his
energy for the day all right well cool
well we already got the copyright music
for this vlog huh
Holly's watching some vlogs this morning
f it is e and breakfast how is that
buddy is that good breakfast dude kind
of I wonder if he knows that means yeah
hey can you share can I have a bite can
I have a bye to you oh look at that he's
like uh you ain't getting my pumpkin
bread these fresh strawberries actually
look pretty good I'm gonna take one of
those we got a special guest joining us
today it's the new iPhone 7 which just
arrived let's open this bad boy up shall
we
that's right it is iPhone release day so
you're probably gonna be seeing a lot of
your favorite youtubers get the new
iPhone but I'm gonna show you too cuz
why not so the box is new it cut this
little hole tab on it so I'm just gonna
pull that off and take the wrapper off
it's actually a lot easier than it used
to be and then we're going to do the
unboxing are you ready hmm
there is my camera moves so so effect on
top you got out boring paper stuff and
then boom put a bump up a bum ba the new
iPhone so one thing I'm really looking
forward to testing out is the new home
button which actually isn't a button at
all and I just gotta say it feels
completely different it's so weird how
new iPhones just feel different every
single time let's peel this bad boy off
Oh guys it's so pretty look at that
matte black there hasn't been a like a
real black iPhone in a long time mostly
been that gray color this is pretty
though I'm not sure I'm gonna be able to
put a case on this and yeah I'm clicking
the home button and it's not an actual
button it's like solid with the case so
you're actually only gonna feel it being
pressed when that foam is on which is
interesting and another thing a lot of
people are freaking out no headphone
jack you guys just the normal lightning
port but you know what I think I'm okay
with that they gave me lightning earpods
which used the lightning connector
instead of the headphone jack and I
actually do use wireless headphones a
lot I have wireless beats and then you
know they're also releasing the wireless
ear pods which are pretty cool good
morning guys I have been so busy all
morning I got up right away and I filmed
a video and then I've been straining and
cleaning the whole house and trying to
put up so I've been getting a lot of my
decor items that I ordered last week and
I haven't had time to like really
actually put them up and do anything
with them I just been kind of trying to
incorporate some of them into the house
because they're just all sitting in a
pile and I'm like I need to do this and
then my biggest thing I've been like
like just avoiding all day was my dishes
this entire sink was like stacked with
dishes it was so bad so I finally put
away my clean dishes that were sitting
in here and I just put filled it up with
my dirty dishes and I still have all of
these pots and pans and big items that
are not going to fit in my dishwasher
that I have to wash my hand oh I'm just
like oh my goodness but we're actually
getting ready to head out of the house
for the night we're going to be staying
in LA it's actually Olivia's birthday so
we're gonna hang out with her and then
we actually have an event that we're
going to tomorrow so I'm just trying to
get like everything figured out and
everything cleaned up and I still have
to pack before we head to LA check this
out we have our patio back there's no
coop the in tateo is all cleaned off no
poop on it and the chickens are doing so
good in their little house over here
that is a big chicken house huh alright
let's go check them out
hey hi how are my little chickens doing
have you laid me any eggs yet no no eggs
I don't think they'll necessarily lay
them in there first so we have to kind
of look around everywhere but I was all
excited about the Hague's I thought oh
then it won't get into their food and
water as much but look at this
they have just kicked it all in their
food and water so that's kind of a
bummer we got to clean that all out hey
back in school hey you guys you're not
leaving your house and get back er where
are you going oh my gosh they're trying
to escape hey chicks yeah get in here
well I got three
in here but the other two keep running
from me and Bree is so upset because
she's not with her chickens and I can't
seem to get the other ones I'm so bummed
laughter hey
I mean I've their water and their food
cleaned up so hopefully that won't
happen more I'll probably have to move
it around but yeah I don't know how I'm
gonna get the chickens over here cuz
they're like hey we're free we're gonna
go under this tree and not come out do
you guys hear our chicken right now
she's so mad because Lynette and Susan
heart trapped into the tree it's okay
don't be sad we'll go get them okay
she just doesn't know what to do with
her life Lynette and Susan are trapped
under the tree Ollie the chickens are
trapped what are we gonna do we got to
get them out right I can hear that but I
cannot see them if I don't see them
there's one get her all right come on
you get out - there we go we got him out
Holly grab Susan pick her up it's okay
it's okay she won't bite you all right
let's give her a breeze huh I got your
chicken
oh oh oh okay okay calm down calm down
hey hey
Oh Linette all right one more time here
we go oh I'm haha okay she has dishes oh
no come here over here ah I told you and
that's the hardest bins up there walking
around hey your chicken step back I'm
watching you what happened she's gone
she found hiding spot just gonna stay
there
hey Lynette we see you not coming out
this is what he does all day
grabs little Dino eggs smashes him and
what are you looking for you're looking
for dinos oh oh he's coming out I'll run
toward her
get her babe get her you are an
opportunity babe they're so close
seriously being such a stinker right now
come on go get in your chicken poop
she's right in front babe right there
the great chicken rescue is about to
happen
chicken human dick chicken shoe and
stick nice and long look at all a
crouching with his gun she's up there
now
then get up then get the chicken hey go
get your chicken poop grabber cover we
got you whatever you are yeah literally
call her both those legs and feet again
get you all right go back in there with
your girls God that chicken cannot be
trusted
there's your men woman I don't know
together meanwhile fins just like yeah
I'll just chill here in the dirt he is
not his happiest when he's in dirt hi
Finny he's actually saying that barefoot
farmer boy fucking I do that all around
my property and my mom is like why are
you walking on paper I have Tuffy Tuffy
cat life can anyone relate to this let
me know in the comments down below if
you can Ollie did you get it ally yeah
where'd you get an owie show me oh you
got Ally he's showing me all his hours
you got are we on your foot today you
know what happened got down in the
bathroom huh yeah show me what's on your
on your arm you got a owie on your arm
baby
what kind of bandit is that it's totaled
baby
paw patrol band-aid all right but who's
all on your band
Holly Marshall chase ruble oh you know
all their names who's your favorite out
of those three
yes mom all of them well that was
adorable but I know for a fact that his
favorite is Marshall because he always
says Marshall and actually we were
looking through like a book or something
and it had a button it was the the Pixar
story buck at all the 101 Dalmatians and
he said Marshall Marshall dries fire
truck
it was quite adorable
so it's something we just did to our
backyard is we took out the fence we
have some big plans for I think this
area but basically we just move the
fence up that way yeah so there used to
be a fence coming all the way down here
and it connected right there Oh what are
we gonna do about those holes
I filled it with concrete oh cool that's
so handy so be nice to to just come out
here and put the trash away without
having to go through like a gate trash
like over by this gate oh yeah like be
right out by the garage this goes like
the guest part of the house so it's kind
of nice that there's just like a gate
right here yeah so this is the new gate
right next to the guest entrance and it
basically just freed up all this space
for activities like a nice like barbecue
area yeah that's so crazy how much it
opened it up made our way bigger now I
look at you can run around out there and
then they're also working on this side
of the house putting up just a simple
fence from right there to there with a
gate so this will be like a really cool
dog run because we currently have no
place to really contain karma outside so
this is like a good place to put him so
all this will be fenced in we'll have a
really nice fence there with a gate
right here some cool things that we are
adding to the house it's just
you
it is now evening time and the Sun is
going down that cool breeze is coming
out so tonight we're actually headed out
of town because we're going to be at a
really fun event tomorrow the 401 K run
in Pasadena so we hope to meet a bunch
of you guys there who have RSVP'd
already oh hey we got an escaped baby we
got an escaped baby yeah I escaped I
escaped so I think we're gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog here but I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a copy friendly
comment down below and I did want to say
if you guys are not subscribed to my
music channel I'll have it linked down
below I'm not sure if you guys know I
have a music channel but it's basically
where all of my music videos goes and
Missy and I have been working on a ton
of new stuff obviously you know I have a
new project coming out soon and there's
going to be lots and lots of content
over there as far as music video behind
the scenes documentary stuff that we've
been filming so please go subscribe to
my music channel and you can support us
there as well thank you for watching
we'll see you manana Ally say bye
you
