Wow
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
on
big boys
Oh
very
with me
good morning good morning
morning huh we are stuck in the car yay
we're on a road trip road trip whoo
buddy
where we going babe Cancun yeah we just
have a meeting in LA and it's traffic
time so we are late and there's traffic
and it sucks
- Jeffrey my pitch hurt you you're busy
- sir so update I woke up last night was
amazing I actually got some sleep and I
wasn't in so much pain and this morning
I am NOT a swollen but I still like kind
of sore but it's definitely getting
better which is great
so I'm feeling pretty good about that so
yeah today we have a meeting in LA and
then Missy and I are going straight to
the studio because Missy is going to be
recording some stuff I'm stoked nervous
I'm like writing he's so good she's a
little nervous she's gonna have a really
cool piece on the album and we're gonna
even try and get her to sing can we get
you to sing babe everyone wants her to
sing so Mimi and Papa are watching the
boys and they are going to bring them to
the studio a little after we've been
there and we're also gonna get Ally on
the album so that's gonna be really cool
hopefully he is cooperative we'll see
what happens
dude he loves music and he was he loves
music he loves singing yeah so we'll see
if he does it in front of a microphone
but yeah so what we got going on today
we're just trying to fight our way
through this traffic right now this
beautiful sunny Southern California
traffic
so we are in the heart of Beverly Hills
right now we just finished our meeting
we ate at this really cool burger place
called pono burger
mommy's better meeting was really
interesting it was I don't I don't know
how much I can really say but it was it
was a really interesting meeting I don't
know if anything's gonna happen from it
but it was really fun to get to explore
a different option for us but it's funny
because we I just came out of lunch and
I'm standing right here and the tinder
office building it's right here do you
see it dude frigging tinder that's funny
I wonder if people go up to the door and
just knock on it and be like can I get a
date it's also cool being down here
because YouTube has a ton of huge
billboards here YouTube represent
alright we're at the studio now they're
taking pictures of Mitch I don't know
why kill it baby
you just wanna send drums
he's my sexy drummer babe so Missy's
hiding so I have a little bit of an
announcement that you guys may have
guessed but on this album that I'm
working on I am doing a very special
version of this is home which is very
cool and if you guys remember in the
very first the very first time we
recorded that when we did the whoo got
really bright we did the hey Nana part
of that song Missy did it I did it a
person who was recording us today and
now we are going to basically recreate
that moment and Missy is gonna do some
singing and there's actually a couple of
other parts she's gonna be on the album
it's really special
and I'm pretty sure oli is even going to
have a very special part in the song so
it's gonna be a really cool version of
this as home I think you guys are gonna
like it's a little more stripped down a
little more emotional we changed the key
it's it's been a really fun one to sort
of revisit because I've been singing it
for so long
so change it up a little bit yeah now
we're gonna record that so this time
around we're gonna have my producer
Daniel and Stephanie also do the hey
Nana's hey no no no no no no no no no no
no
great job guys No
so we just wrapped the whole record for
me I did all my second I'm all done I'm
all done Sagan and now the moment that
I've been waiting for Missy is going to
sing see hey don't any may not may not
make it on there yes it will be like
totally odd really not going on my own
oh babe it's gonna be good oh I sing in
the car did you just sing the nun sister
I think nah nah nah she's gonna do
amazing and I'm so excited because this
this is like a really special like
transitional piece like right after the
big song of the album so it's gonna flow
really nice to have to have you in it
and you're gorgeous and beautiful and
you have to earn your spot on my album
cover
well missus on my album cover gonna take
me some the nerves out and then once I
get my nerves out I might be better yeah
you get to create have you told Missy's
upset because I gave her warm water she
has four water hot water it's warm water
ha I'll get the warming light you cannot
drink cold water as you're about to sing
she's like ow
it's kind of you potato chips she's such
a diva yeah yeah the table you can't
believe it they're really good more so
they're really good for your voice when
you sing um you okay
put on those that popsicle again
you ready
we get her she's in the studio she's
doing her thing it's gonna make the song
so fucking crazy things
so I never hear missy sing she just
never sing I seriously didn't know she
had that in her but I was hearing her
sing she got into her head voice and it
was like beautiful I'm blown away she
was like a beautiful Disney princess you
guys it was insane and I'm like why we
should have had you had more togs but I
think it'll be really special and I
think it's a really cool place in the
album I think we're definitely gonna
have to start doing more music together
you guys are gonna freak when you hear
this it's gonna be so cool now she is
going to record some talking points sort
of from her perspective and kind of just
like reflect on a certain time that were
shadowing in the album so I think it'll
be like really vibing and really cool
get to hear her story talking time what
are you gonna talk about babe uh don't
give it away you're about to spoil it
all like really personal thing I know
it's gonna be cool you did so amazing
singing I'm so proud of you I love you
you've never been hotter that's a wrap
it's a record not a record crazy I made
a record babe kiss me you're amazing I
love you my daddy was governor Oh baby
for this is holy
Oh Holley yes you know we can
hey Benny look I got you a present
oh that's mamas milk straight from the
tap he's like how do I open this thing I
like this I do a cute little kitty hi
kitty cat I missed you kitty cat missed
you so much
hey ollie are you thirsty
all right get a drink of water are you
getting a drink of water
that's not how you do it all right you
can drink out of a cup like a normal
person
get fun today with Mimi and Papa yeah
Papa dressed you you found a real
diamond ring oh my goodness you found a
real Dyna wait
Wow all right she'll you you need to
have to show you all right show me buddy
where is it oh my gosh whoa that wasn't
a dino egg
Wow that's pretty cool you found that
with Papa eat
he walks farts and eat ah ah text the
camera
ah you acting like a Dino is a bedtime
miss you just made some macaroni and
cheese and I'm gonna eat it because I'm
starving
Hey your rooms are clean did you clean
your room today yeah what does it mean
me clean it yeah
hey you want to read a book tonight
alright a 3d book go find him
pick a book oh you want to read this one
that one the Monsters Inc one oh the The
Lion King one we can do that
by the way I don't know if you guys know
but Cassie put up a video with Ollie and
she made edible play dough I did not
even know that was the thing that
existed so I think that's amazing and it
was such a cute video so if you guys
want to check that video I'll have a
link down below in the description but I
was just watching that today hey did you
make edible play dough with with auntie
whoa what color was it oh yeah it was
red whoo all right you guys gotta go
check it out okay all right climb into
bed buddy I'll read your story all right
Allie can you help me on the blog yeah I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment we'll see
you manana whoa is that a stingray ooh
do you want to say bye boo Poli all
right go ahead
