Hey what is it called not chicken poop
chicken coop wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe all its that big
you never look so
very
with me
good morning guys we're at swim class
Mimi is here Papa's actually still kind
of working on that chicken coop I mean
really want to get there so that I can
help out with the chicken coop too
I'm excited for swim class today I think
always gonna do really good I'm actually
debating skipping Finn but I guess I'll
play it by ear
good morning guys so I have been taking
it really easy this morning last night
was pretty rough right after my
procedure I was very uncomfortable and a
lot of pain was getting up to like
trying ice those little rough last night
I'm hoping tonight will be better but
I'm still very very sore very very
swollen and I'm worried because we do
have a meeting in LA tomorrow I was
hoping I could maybe be a hundred
percent by then not probably not gonna
be feeling too great until the weekend
which is fine it's tolerable I'm just
trying to take it easy which is hard
when we have things to do so today I
actually have a doctor's appointment and
then I have a meeting the doctor's
appointment is actually about the issues
that I was having a couple weeks ago so
we're gonna get some results back yeah I
guess I'll show you what it looks like
this morning so there's what looks like
still very very swollen as you can tell
look at that so swollen and on like half
my arm too they didn't realize how big
my armpit was very very bruised my other
armpits basically the same so yeah I've
just been keeping up on icing all day
taking ibuprofen for the swelling and
making it manageable but it has been
nice because I have been able to get
some work done on the couch normally I'm
running around there's so much going on
today they're finishing up our chicken
coop out in the back I've kind of been
watching and kind of bummed I don't know
what's going on I'll figure it all out
later I guess we are home from swim
class and we're just hanging out
watching the guys finish up the chicken
coop they're still working on it because
the ground wasn't level it's just been a
lot more difficult to get set but let me
show you what we did so far so it's all
sat on the ground and it's dug down over
here so it'll be more level and they're
building sort of a fence around here
that'll keep it more like level with the
ground and then the fence will go around
that and there's a top fence so that
nothing can fly in from the top so we're
just playing outside with karma I
actually go to a few more toys today I
got him one of these what is it the
chuckit frisbee so see
oh you got it and then I got him a new
chuckit bowl thrower and it's nice and
small because I thought all you might
have fun throw-in it like you can now
throw a ball for karma you want to see
mama do it ready it's a pretty good ball
sour and then I got him a few more balls
yeah I'll work with it and they're like
more durable than like the softball you
want to try oh good job little practice
and you'll be throwing it so far yay
cars like you can do better than that
right Wow all right we just got out of
my doctor's appointment that I had today
and we have the official ultrasound
results back my pancreas is fine my
liver is fine can either all right
kidneys are fine everything looks great
but I do have gall stones in my gall
bladder and I have multiple stones they
said so we talked to the doctor and she
had a couple options and she suggested
you know surgery is something that they
can do you don't really need your
gallbladder because your liver can
actually take up the slack and I have a
very healthy liver sewed be able to do
that so it's something that I can get
removed because you can't just remove
the stones
she also said like a change of eating
would help she said it's a it's pretty
dismal so I'd have to eat very bland
food no spicy food mostly like white
meat chicken um super low fat foods skim
milk stuff like that I mean the thing is
is that she said you could do that for
six years and not have an attack but
then if you just like splurge on
something your body could then just like
freak out I mean these gall stones are
technically something that's probably
like hereditary it probably was just
genetic then he got the gall stones Oh
it basically is cuz my mom has them and
my dad so I mean it's definitely
something that he's just gonna have to
deal with so I mean yeah I think no
matter what changing is always smart no
matter what but it
it good to live with something that
could attack you at any moment yeah and
the thing is it's not just living with
the gall stones there's always a chance
of it blocking the ducts no matter what
I eat and that can cause pancreatitis
and then I can actually have to be
rushed for surgery it would be like an
emergency which is obviously something
we don't want yeah so I mean obviously
we just got this news and something that
we really want to think about and figure
out but I mean it's probably not
something that we're gonna wanna like
have to deal with live what we basically
I had the conversation with your mom and
you and we remember eight years ago me
having a gallstone attack eight years
ago I've been living with this yeah and
so I even told her that I was like well
I've been I have been having attack
since since about eight years ago and
she said well you need to talk to a
general surgeon right away and so we're
gonna make an appointment see what all
our options are surgery is not something
I really want to do but it it is a long
down time like he'd be down from up to
two weeks which is a long time
especially when you young have kids and
live a busy life and I'm about to
release an album and travel and and it's
always like so be down for two weeks or
just be careful with food like this
weighing it out and when's a good time
now start doing never yeah so that's
what's happening that's the update from
the ultrasound and we're just gonna see
where we go next with it so we just got
our brand new chicken coop all set up
look at this this is beautiful
and yes it has power I think we're gonna
run power all the way around from the
pool so that we can put a camera in here
and lights and stuff look at this wood
it was built with it's just insane I'm
gonna close it so this is the front it's
got an aluminum roof it's got a little
porch which I'm sure Missy I'll be
decorating for Halloween and Christmas
there will be a tree here yes and so you
come in we have windows that we can open
and close if like they need to cool off
there's really cool roosting bars all
around
he made it so that the kids didn't
easily get them like I'll get eggs look
it closes like this and then it can open
that's cool put a little table here is
making like countless eggs yeah so it's
like a good like roosting box for them
this is like shudders so you shut so
cool I'm freaking out this is our
chicken coop right now so yeah you go
all the way through you have a cool
little window and then that's like the
little run area and it's got a little
exit there you want to go down there
alright you go down I'll meet you on the
other side okay okay and we leveled it
all out so it's nice and flat oh and
there's my little chicken hi chicken and
then they built it out just a little bit
further so we can plant like flowers
here yeah yeah you can do flowers little
plants all along be so cool I love it
lots of good protection for our chickens
yeah like there's nothing that's gonna
dig in here like they have it dug down
this is a cool little door
oh yeah there's door right there oh my
gosh it is so stinking cool and oli is
already making a huge mess he's
scratching like a chicken you definitely
gonna need a bath
boy you're a doggie okay this is so cool
and like it's just so secure like I'm
not gonna worry about these chickens at
all yeah and we're gonna have a camera
inside we have a camera in this section
to feel like two cameras would be cool
always good to check them out yeah we're
gonna definitely get lots of chickens
cuz I want fresh eggs in the morning
that's my favorite thing you like it in
here too yeah we'll switch right there
so cool yeah dad like roosting burgers
up high down low
hey oli let's get out of the dirt buddy
come on up dudu and they're real windows
like oh yeah these windows yeah Oh down
oh I see dang that's pretty smooth
hey oli do you like the new chicken
OOP hey what is it called
not chicken poop chicken coop poop
chicken coop he's like he doesn't care
it's chicken poop she's gonna have to
compose yeah it's gonna have lots of
chicken where you'll walk on this room
Emma yeah look at these big old chicks
chickens they're like King they're
actual chickens now I think they're like
can we get out of this little place and
go over to our new home
all right you guys I hope you enjoyed
our house tour that was that our house
tour you've been waiting for it forever
just gave it to you yeah welcome all
right we're gonna see what brie thinks
of her home welcome home brie this is
where you're gonna live with all your
ladies okay pretty cool huh
get in there chicken Holly can you pet
breathe say nice chicken can you hop up
here breathe no oh she's free she
escaped she escaped okay Allie it's okay
let her be playing with the chickens
Finn get him Gil get that chicken you're
so stoic Susan hey hey Missy spreading
some hay is just really yummy scratch
mix that I got from a local farming
place or whatever but cool it's got here
let me show you the bag it smells good
smells like fall it's ghoul all kinds of
like corn and grains and worms and
that's awesome yeah that's kind of like
really good for the eggs yeah good for a
this good for then it out unlike out
here - yeah that's awesome babe you're
so good with your chicks thank you
seriously smells amazing
I know like I can't get over it just
smells like fall yeah I'm excited to
decorate out here to make it like really
like a little house really pretty yeah I
can't believe we got it level
cool see you feel this whole place up
with hey not too much though because if
they lay eggs you don't want to miss
them you know just like the poop maybe
also goes in let's get all over the
white just kind of rake it out every
month uh-oh I'm just sitting in a pile
hey hey teeth brushing time Callie how
was your shower you fixed your gun it
wasn't working I Lenny now it's working
me gusta huh you get a good shower yeah
it does look like your toilet is broken
huh yeah did you make a big poo poo and
break your toilet yeah I got him sleep
although I may have just woke him up
while filming a little shot of him
asleep but that's okay um we are getting
ready for bed now
always getting ready for bed and I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog since it
is time to chill and relax I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video make sure you
give it a thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you guys from my
