got lizard crawling you gentle ism is a
lizard on you bro
thank you
good morning you guys this morning we
have a fire going on oh yeah I turned on
the fire I built a fire actually I made
this from scratch I didn't just flip a
switch I flipped a switch
we got a fire going because it's a very
cool day outside which is very rare for
California we're probably gonna have two
of them in a row and then it's gonna be
super hot tomorrow yeah but yeah it's
been like super overcast e nice and cool
it's about 65 and I'm loving it it means
that fall is finally here also today the
new iPhone update came out yay cool new
phones yay oh yeah it bricked both of
mine and Missy's phones so now we're
basically phoneless until I figure it
out
so don't update to iOS 10 on your on
your app just do it with your computer
because this is what happens I got too
fancy expensive coasters right here
good morning Ollie hey what'd you do
today
you went poopoo in the potty
lalalala that was so cool you dude pee
is over this morning and they're hanging
out watching cartoon what are you guys
watching super kids TV that oh did you
bring your dolly she's pretty she's got
a pretty dress on huh oh no buzz is
broken
oh no buzz you lost your arm dude just
like in the actual Toy Story movie when
he broke his arm that's interesting
wow you guys are playing so cute they
have just been playing here so cute
they're literally like twins they're
gonna be really good friends as they get
older but they might actually be going
to the same school two together but yeah
we are getting ready to leave we got a
fun day scary day exciting date laughs
all right you guys I am doing something
pretty exciting and nerve-racking today
I'm having a procedure done and this
isn't anything to do with the issues
that I've been having with my stomach
but I actually have a doctor's
appointment for that tomorrow so I'm
gonna go and figure out all that but I'm
having a different kind of procedure
done today and it's on my armpits so you
guys know I have sweaty pits a lot and I
rock it I'm not like ashamed of it but
it's just something that I've had to
deal with my whole life it's just over
sweating in my armpits and it's really
frustrating because I kind of just feel
gross all the time it's really
embarrassing when I wear like
light-colored clothes and laundry a lot
of shirts and very annoying yeah and a
lot of my shirts are like stained now
it's just it's just gross so today I'm
getting procedure done and it basically
will enable that I never sweat under my
armpits ever again and this is a really
cool thing because it also takes out all
the odor glands so I will never sweat
and I will never smell under my armpits
and I will never have to wear to your
which is also cool because I don't want
to put chemicals on me every single
morning
while staying or reeling my shirts so
I'm kind of nervous they do have to like
give me some shots and then they use
this machine to like basically burn off
all your sweat and odor glands so I
might be a little sore I'm really not
sure what to expect I was wearing a
shirt today and I did take a picture
hopefully the last Pitt sweat ever which
I'll put right here hopefully that's the
last time you guys will ever see me like
that but I'm just excited to like not
kind of feel sticky and wet and gross
all the time and film is obviously
something that every human being deals
with I mean even I have a amount of
sweat at times but for someone who does
do a lot more sweating than the normal
person and they go be really nice for
than never having to deal with it again
I've spread so many cool stories of
people just like it's amazing like to
not have to worry about sweat or
stinking under your arm like that's
pretty cool yeah so I'm on my way to do
that now one thing the doctor did say
that was really cool is you have sweat
glands throughout your entire body only
2% of those are under your armpits so my
body will have plenty of other sweat
glands to use it just will not be using
these ones anymore so it take that
nature
all right so we are in the room last
night we spent a little extra time
shaving his arm is there bald kind of
ghio
do you like hate them like there uh
there is always like that for me but he
says that there likes EE which is kind
of funny but we spent a lot of time
shaving them you're like a little boy
yeah now we're just doing a little
template on his armpit before they start
the actual procedure are you okay okay
okay none of this hurts oh so you're a
big old baby he's a big ol baby just
I've never been good with shots I don't
know why I was in high school
wow he said very little in his life so
he just I didn't know it you would not
be good at giving birth exactly
God your man
can we get your new tattoo one
all right we are officially all numb so
she did numb before the numbing needles
and then he had probably 12 to 13 oh my
gosh did you like six oh yeah lots of
Mercedes OHS oh my god I think such like
an amazing I feel like I was such a
manly man I just goodbye guy I got shots
of what they look like before and I mean
they were like is there gonna put this
machine on me yes this is it and they're
gonna make it so I don't have nasty
shirts basically gonna fry it look at
that okay so there there he is right
there in cartoon form and we did this
part right yeah yes so now they're gonna
go to step 2 or the next step and then
they're gonna fry your armpits oh that's
so weird
yeah thank you for not letting me feel
so you can see all the spot words numb
that's all white right there so it's
gonna suction on I'm gonna feel anything
like pressure oh wow this is so crazy
it's doing it oh my gosh this is so cool
oh my goodness okay it's playing you a
song to just it's black and burned of
like little hinky oh so how many times
do we do that
36x I have a pretty big armpit that that
bit you know they say about big armpits
lots of sweaty t-shirts I feel like
we're defying the laws of nature right
now yeah like I hope God isn't gonna be
mad at me hey God I know you gave me all
these sweat glands but I'm gonna give
those back when I go when I die I'm
gonna have in doing my back like you
know like it Sperminator
so we're good guys I can't fill think it
would be so nice to be on the stage yeah
but I'm gonna go through my closet and
I'm gonna tear out all of my nasty
shirts we're gonna burn them
sir burn them in a burning house this is
the Machine telling her where to place
the instrument we've done all the grayed
out A's have all the black I used to do
yeah Aziz it's we're almost halfway but
this is a kind of a long process well
not really long but
oh my gosh we're done I can't believe I
did that you guys did this whole arm guy
hickeys all over it it actually doesn't
look at hickeys but maybe they're coming
up slowly yeah I've got an ice pack
under this side yeah ice pack under here
I'm gonna rock the ice packs all day I
think you gonna milk this I am man it's
like I can't drive home it's my father
yeah but he actually can't lift a lot so
he probably won't be like picking the
kids up we're done I am I'm alone I
can't believe that happen there's so
many points I was like 12 needles oh
yeah that's not happening I just have
ice packs in my arm yeah he looked
normal
she said I'm gonna be numb for probably
two it's reached cake's yeah he did a
lot of needles and he has a lot of
bruising like I was I was looking his
arms just now I'm like there's some
bruises like she says he was pretty
sensitive to those shots and stuff so
should be interesting
we better not milk this though because
he still has babies to take care of all
right so we just got back from taking
Brian to the doctors actually doing
really good and now my ticket coop is
being delivered look at this looks so
nice you like it dad yeah so nice about
to give you a little here so we got a
very special delivery today it's our new
chicken coop it is so cute and like
simple Jim's work in the tractor trying
to get it level and then it actually has
an add-on like cage side where the
chickens gonna run around and roam free
like now I want to paint my house that
matches ha ha in the meantime Papa's
putting our tractor to to work he's so
tiny you got a loser crawling on you bro
Oh - you just walking around the house
you can hear Vaz water it's so fancy he
is like the happiest kid all the time I
need something sweet tonight so I found
this in the freezer I forgot I bought
this it's a chocolate chip cookie brown
butter candy bacon Ice Cream Sandwich
and it sounds incredible I'm gonna open
it up and see if it is it looks pretty
dang good Liz saw normally they're so
hard I can definitely taste bacon I'm
not sure I like that yeah that's weird
it's like yummy Ice Cream Sandwich and
then it's like salty bacon oh that's so
weird weird well that was a bust
Lissie you're gonna have to go get me
ice cream maybe want to see my nasty pet
yeah looks kind of scary and so oh
really yeah yeah this is what this site
looks like it's very bruised and very
swollen and here's this side it's got
some of the tattoo on it still yeah like
I mean good I'm definitely starting to
feel the pain
right now hook up on the front a little
bit
yeah and I only have to like cold
compresses so I have to like put them in
the freezer like every 20 minutes to
keep them cool it's really crazy because
she I feel like we have to talk about
exactly what we were told
oh yeah they told me it was like four
little numbing pricks and then I
wouldn't feel a thing and then yeah they
were late and you might be a little
uncomfortable be a little uncomfortable
I don't know maybe I'm just a baby babe
I don't know but it definitely wasn't no
friggin for Neil's it was like 30
injections like well long needles like
under might like the Fanning she like
bent the needle put it in me and then
like turned it all around squirt and
stuff everywhere yeah because it not
only was it seven huge syringes on each
one but she was sticking it and then
she'd take it out and she's to get a
notice on take it out and like she would
get all around so I mean he probably did
get stopped and that's like my beer so
it mentioned that I probably wouldn't
really going down but I'm maybe I'm glad
that I maybe I'm glad they didn't
mention it no I bear what I've never
done that I think he'll be really
thankful once it's all done yeah so I
just have a couple of maybe two days of
uncomfortableness and then I'll be back
to normal what buddy you let me go in
your bed sure do you want me to read you
a story
you want to read the one with Sully no
which one you want to read buzz he
always wants to read the Toy Story
stories of course his favorite
all right you guys I think that's all
for today's vlog reblog if you enjoyed
it be sure to give it a thumbs up thumbs
up and subscribe leave a comment down
below and we will see a minyan all you
want to say goodbye to everyone
yeah alright go ahead bye I love you
