good morning guys we are getting ready
for the day I've got some cool
not quite Mickey Mouse ears but they
could be right I've got my Mickey Mouse
shirt on we are all getting ready and
I'm super excited because today we are
staying at the grand California and we
are gonna be surprising my cousin's
because they have never been to
Disneyland and we are going to
Disneyland we're going to tell them
today wherever you are that's what ever
wanna be sad big
Oh
/ ever
me
and I'm very excited about it because
when I was four years old I think I was
about four years old my parents brought
me and my cousin Jessica who whose kids
that we are gonna be surprising all to
Disneyland and I had no idea and we
showed up in a hotel it was like at
night tanks I didn't know what was going
on and the next morning they told me
we're going to Disneyland I was so
excited and that's basically what we're
gonna be doing today but with a lot more
people more people yeah yes I'm super
excited we're gonna do breakfast with
the characters right now then we're
gonna have a really really super fun day
excited to see them yes after we tell
them I know I'm like say I hope they
react daily downstairs that the gift
shop was like I love Aurora
and Cinderella and Ariel hey Snow White
a little more thank you thank you I want
to I really want to dress her up as a
princess so we're getting all ready and
we're gonna head out
good morning good morning good morning
yi good morning Bailey what are you
doing you're watching the show we have
to tell you I'm sorry but your hand
guess what we're gone they thanked say
thank you to Bryan and Missy could they
arrange the call okay you're welcome you
guys excited sorry you have to miss
church yeah let me see all right we are
now walking across the street from the
grand California to Disney's Paradise
Pier Hotel this is where we are going to
have breakfast hey are you ready to see
some fun characters let me see your ears
yeah oh those are so cute and look at
Yee
all you get to meet Mickey hi Mickey Oh
Holly I love you how'd you sleep
you ready to have fun at Disney yeah
that's the
she is a very big fan of yours Jews
biggest nose yes vain is a little out of
his mind it's like the first time I've
seen him legit like afraid no tip I bit
like no way
they learn better
she's like mom mom mom
all right we got the whole group and it
looks like Disneyland is all decked out
for Halloween all II see the pumpkins
yeah look at all the pumpkin characters
it's almost Halloween yep so babe the
whole park is decked out now for fall
yeah I love a tease my favorite I do a
Christmas but they changed all the
fireworks show the parade's it's all
kind of different now but we're gonna
get to see the fireworks and we're gonna
see the parade
what do you need Ally popcorn yes he
does I think we all need a little
popcorn right now we have such a large
group you guys but Disney hooked it up
we got the VIP guided tour now we are
going on Space Mountain which right now
for the holidays it's called ghost
galaxy I had no idea but this looks
scary and I'll check that out guys so
excited
a little
other ghosts there is a ghost who we are
going on calico know just kind of the
same thing for the British here
okay so that ride was very intense is so
dark it's actually pretty scary it was
really fun MO and for CJ and Bailey went
on it and we're like they'll be fine I
mean it's a little fast Stark they came
off it made it way faster yeah it was
really fun yeah they were crying and
they did not like that Bailey guess what
we're gonna go me Elsa Anna he sucks
yes you are are you excited
all right we are getting in a submarine
dude look at this we're gonna go under
the sea I'll be your captain today Oh
Randy's gonna be the captain he was in
the Navy so we're safe
come on ollie we're gonna go see NIEM
okay we're gonna go see Nemo sup dude
ready to see some Nemo Holly guess what
we are underwater right now to do that
crazy yes we're gonna find Nemo
here we go explores once you get
clearance from the captain will be
living talking just a few movies we're
under the sea right now look for Ariel
okay look for area
we are now back on land after a hail of
marine voyage look at Holly he got his
popcorn and he's eating it out of a Thai
fire he honestly doesn't care what the
popcorn is in as long as there is
popcorn come on my little Jedi terilyn I
like your cat ears no I just played can
I just take a moment and commend my wife
on how good she looks for Disneyland
right now look at this
she's got poof ball ears there Mickey
you and uh spoiler alert she's wearing a
onesie
haha is from forever 21 yeah you look
amazing babe and it's such a beautiful
day it's like 80 degrees plus we have
plus we have a guide so we get to the
front of every single life like Disney's
hooked it up today and it's amazing
being able to share this experience with
our whole family so just be able to
treat them something like this is really
really amazing
go Finn yo kid he refuses to sit down
yes wants to stand up and look at
everything he is so proud of himself too
so we are now actually headed to Disney
California Adventure and it's so funny
because all of the kids are asleep right
now
Oliver is asleep Finn is asleep which
means that we can ride all of the big
head right but we have been having such
a blast you guys we went on Astro
blasters we went on it's a small role we
went on the Haunted Mansion holiday and
I met Jack outside of it and it's been
such a blast hanging out with a whole
family while we do go and have a bunch
of fun dad why are you driving this
because I wanted my uncle's lift was
using it because he actually has a very
bad knee but he went back to the hotel
so now we just had it for the day dad
come on Ollie just woke up from a now we
are now in Cars Land JJ as I recall cars
was one of your favorite movies do you
still like it yeah kind of well now
we're at Cars Land bro
we're gonna ride around on nadir that
sounds cool
you
whoa how about a good job wasn't there
camping yeah that cool did he's still
trying to wake up we are now going on
Luigi's rollicking roadsters these cars
basically line dance so we're gonna do
some dancing with cars
check out our sweet red racer Lissa we
are driving in style dancing in style
more like it huh it doesn't have a
treasure box what oh oh we don't have a
suitcase sorry all the Arts doesn't have
a treasure box
that was a fun dancing arrivederci this
is what we were riding that's pretty
sweet
you
I see I know it is right in front of the
beautiful castle and we are getting
ready to watch the fireworks show got
Bailey and oli right here they're being
so cute guys cuddle and everyone getting
pretty tired we've got the rest of the
group back here and some of the group up
here and we've had such a fun day you a
fun day
yeah is your favorite part about today
going all rise that was pretty cool CJ
did you have fun fun first day right and
what was your favorite part
train ride you loved Thunder Mountain
yeah he went on it's like when did your
fun day
anyways we're going to go ahead and
watch the fireworks show and end the
vlog so make sure you give today's bonus
thumbs us a thumbs up yay they comes on
and we'll see you guys tomorrow Bailey
we chose to do the honors of the bye boo
okay you know what to do
you
