are you a t-rex whoa go rawr - wherever
you are that's where I wanna be all
salsa's that big
Oh
over every
good morning guys it's Saturday for us
Sunday for you so happy Sunday I am just
getting ready for the day we have a very
exciting weekend plans I'm really
excited for some family ours that we're
taking on a very special trip for the
first time ever oh my gosh there's a
dinosaur in my bathroom oh no good
morning oli
are you a t-rex whoa ah you are the
coolest t-rex ever dude he's got the
walk down alley you do such a good t-rex
walk all you want to see what you look
like but that's you go rawr - yeah go
look in the mirror dude I didn't take a
picture so you tell me papa
look at your tail look at your head and
your teeth my what big teeth you have
all I guess who gave that to you captain
:
yeah tell him thank you look at your
tail yeah it's like trying to position
himself in the mirror there it is I
can't believe you got him in that he was
like I don't know where this I was like
really okay good morning guys hey good
morning we are making breakfast this
morning we got a really fun day planned
so I'm staying in the house getting
stuff put together and then we're
actually headed so a really fun alright
Zuri got some new toys didn't cheesery
didn't you this one's cool since made
out of metal and she goes crazy how high
can you jump
oh how high can you jump oh we got some
packages uh for Zuri with a ton of
kiddie toys all these like random toys
which is really cute I think she likes
um hey you want that one good good and
also since Zoe loves drinking out of the
sink I got her a special drinking
fountain check out this thing you can
drink from it it's not just for a visual
enjoyment see look look three it's water
you can drink out of it I don't know if
she's gonna drink out of it she might
prefer the sink Oh
try is hurry
she doesn't trust it I actually also got
her a cat tower because she is psycho
and loves running all over the place and
climbing and jumping and stuff so I
thought it'd be really good for her
bangles have a lot of energy you kind of
have to control that energy so I ordered
what I'm why not supposed to be here
yesterday I didn't show up but I'm
hoping it shows up before we leave today
so I can set it up and she can be a
happy kitty when we're done
oh you gonna drink out of that thing no
no okay I touched this to this so she
can play good get oh so like I said
earlier we are getting ready to head out
of town and Finn's been napping while
I've like been cleaning the house and
packing and all that but he's finding me
away hi bug how is your NAB you actually
slept for like a long time you excited
to go on our little trip yeah he's like
who else is coming in just me right now
you want go see your brother go play in
the playroom where's my football I swear
I think he likes farts when he gets up
because I always come in I'm like oh no
you pooped but he never poops it's
always just farts a stinky boo-boo
huh you smelly stinky poo pood sometimes
that must be why your brother thinks you
smell like poop huh cuz you fart a lot
Booya
now we are at the grand California hotel
and we're doing some swimming right we
got Bailey here or can you float on your
back Bailey she says she can float on
back let me see
that's more like floating on your butt
hahaha good job we are doing some
swimming huh re yeah we got uncle here
the entire family is here
hi hi hi good morning afternoon
this is such a cool little water area at
the grand California hotel they have a
slide here they have a slide here golly
oh my gosh oh hey all your clues are
slide on your butt not run you silly
look who's here's Olivia came rich in oh
yeah you're Santa in line with Bailey
for the big ol slide are you ready
I already linked down once really
that's awesome have you gone down yeah
it's fun huh yeah a little okay
Disney waterslide doo-dah that was
intense
hey hey hi
so I am going down a long long slide so
let's see how how how happens
climb up oh my goodness all my little
cuddle buddies
oh my boys all these boys are really
good at cuddling love you he's like so
hyper he's really excited for tomorrow
actually I'm really excited for tomorrow
yeah we are here tomorrow yes okay so we
are here with my aunt and a few of my
cousins like we're here with a lot of
good a family what a family yeah you
really have this much family together
yeah it's really exciting yeah so we're
really excited because we're all doing
Disneyland but there are two little kids
that have no idea and that is Bailey and
CJ they have no idea that they are going
to Disneyland
tomorrow they always want to go to
Disneyland they just don't think it's
gonna happen and yes they're here and
they have been swimming but they don't
know that Disneyland is super super
close and that we're going to mom and we
get to some price and then so excited
I'm so excited to surprise him because
Bailey is four so she's like that
perfect age where she's like a princess
and she loves everything princess and CJ
is just a perfect age where he can
literally go on every ride and he's
never been in Disneyland and he's gonna
be like an ox head are we going to
Disneyland you guys but we are having a
VIP tour yes
Disney hooked it up yeah it's like the
best opportunity for them Daniel I've
never had anything like this I'm really
excited I think it's gonna be really
cool and I think especially for people
who don't go very often or have never
been it might just ruin Disneyland for
them because we're gonna be getting to
do a lot of really fun stuff tomorrow so
give me a really fun day makes you guys
watch tomorrow's vlog it's going to be
really fun but also make sure you give
this video a thumbs up
hey all you want to do this video thumbs
up always coloring so if your coloring
then I guess you don't have to here two
thumbs up paws a thumbs up don't
describe you the comment we'll see em
all right I'll lead you want to see the
bye Boop
