wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all since that big
every
me
good morning good morning Ollie what are
we doing eatin food this is called
breakfast look
whoa you got sourdough hey Brad oh sorry
I was mistaken he's got some bread and
bananas look at Finn he is just hanging
on the side of the table eating food we
got cherries
he got Raisin Bran yummy he is in a very
happy mood this morning
we just got food I'm so excited to eat
we have exciting day Olli what are we
gonna do
hey we have Holly we're gonna go to the
studio say we're gonna go to the studio
yeah we're gonna go the studio and what
are we gonna do there we're gonna we're
gonna make songs yeah that's cute
we're gonna go to the studio make music
and you're gonna help me okay okay Finn
you too I got a chorus line that's
perfect for you okay Wow okay I want
some cherries all right we are in the
studio and look who's here it's your
percent me at the studio huh isn't it
cool it's like it smells like wood right
there just like wood everywhere like
cedar Bowl yeah and there's lights
everywhere because we're shooting a ton
of behind-the-scenes things and we have
kids say hello kids making engine hi
ollie say hi Finn say hi we have lots of
little kids here because they are
actually gonna be on the album we're
gonna have them sing some really cool
things and I'm excited for the dynamic
is gonna bring to this cool song they're
playing drums right now oh yeah Liv is
gonna do drums give me a beat give me a
beat ooh killer and you're gonna play
piano right what's your name
Kristina thanks for being here you
excited to sing yeah oli what's this hit
it
cool
one two three whoa whoa no louder
Oh
it's really good
these kids are doing so good and now
it's time to capture lots of fun stuff
Wow
so the boys are out here ollie is
definitely a patient I kid and with all
the people and all the kids he just
there's no way he's gonna like Polly
participate during them now and so I can
get a good shot sounds like they're
having a lot of fun snacks yeah it is
very excited about that huh oh I don't
want any no thank you
yeah you eat that pretzel he's just
making a big ol mess having a blast yeah
making music with dad dad yep he loves
it alright Ollie this is your first
piano lesson play me everything you know
that's breathing good I'm eating candy
too we rewarded all the kids with candy
cuz they did so good and only maybe
we'll have you on another part of the
record okay
hey Olli can you say whoa oli sing sing
Wow Wow
see we gotta get this kid on the record
he's so cute
me playing piano now so pretty I was
actually really pretty I think my kid is
a musical genius we high-five
was my first studio experience no she's
staying with me on this is home girls
yeah that was so good
good job guys stay asleep the whole time
so this is Nixon and this is my
producers baby boy and he is meeting
Finn
they never really hung out who is that
you're so cute buddy yeah
you only need yelling need two
drumsticks buddy he's like next-level
Stephanie oh that was so good
that's what they're gonna stomping yeah
stop it really hard yeah it's so cool
holy this is another stomper yeah you
want to stop on that one it's gonna make
whoa
he likes that kick drum always see this
big one Oh Finn's getting into it too
brother should we get a drum kit for the
house babe
Wow
okay what do you think about all that
nice been having the kids in the studio
is interesting say the least
here's some musical babe I bet you could
play the drums
oh man we gotta keep hot he came in he
was like I miss her so much
Finn mr. to give her kisses she's like
oh no you don't oh he's out of here all
day the kids just like chase the cat
around
yeah we're home and the boys are
actually still at the studio which
they've not the single a lot lately but
one thing that we agreed on when it came
to like doing another album is he was
going to not have to do as much work to
with this album so I feel like with the
EP he was involved with every little
decision even though he's still very
involved in the process of the album he
basically was like there's going to be
about a couple weeks where I'm gonna be
gone a lot doing vocals and that's gonna
be like the busiest time so it was kind
of like an agreement that we made so
it's kind of busy and even though like
when we're in the moment I'm like you're
always there it's for the best because
then he just gets it over with it does
all the vocals at once basically and
then he should be back at home doing
making decisions from home but he
doesn't have to be out of the house very
often so me and taua basically hanging
out the boys will hopefully be done
space soon might be another late night
yeah they like come home at midnight
like yeah it does a lot longer than we
thought we're just enjoying the outside
it's so nice actually kind of cool out
tonight so the kids are playing the boys
are almost home and actually it's just
about fit his bedtime so that's nice
showered and he's gonna go to bed in
just a minute
I love nice like this the weather's
perfect the kids that want playing and
happy pretending they're all they keep
saying like pretend this pretend now I
love it I'm home
oli I'm home again oh you did I missed
you so much too
do you have fun today today you went to
dead-ass to do huh we made music huh
we'll do it again sometime okay guess
what Dada is making a big album full of
music guess what the songs are about
they're about mama and me good idea doc
oh you want the Dino song yeah I'm gonna
have to do a kid's album someday do the
Dino song huh dinosaur dinosaur
itty-bitty dinosaur if you're wondering
why I'm Orange it's cuz all a salt lamp
but we're sitting right neck you wanna
lick it okay what's it taste like just
tastes salty no sugar no it doesn't
interesting say thanks for watching do
you think of this video thumbs up it
didn't suck yeah thumbs up and
subscribe leave a comment say leave a
comment getting caddy leave a comment
down there check out all those things
and we'll see you tomorrow yeah we'll
see you tomorrow
manana Hollywood Issei
you
