so I think we broke our cat what is she
doing right now her hold our bodies with
two different lenses what's like she
she's like literally oh oh she's much
closer okay wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
that big
just wanna
I'm home
they're young
good morning you guys this morning I
said goodbye to my mom and sister we had
a very good visit and I'm glad they were
able to hang out for a couple of days we
do have a busy couple of weeks coming up
so we kind of had to squeeze the men but
it was really nice but you want to see
them and now they know the week let's go
see him anything food hopping through
the forest jumping on the field mice and
boppin em on the head
well good morning my cutie little pie oh
my gosh look at that smile bah how'd you
sleep dude yeah he woke up so happy I
sorta that never happens
hi dude good morning how are you whoa
don't fall here let me help you hi how'd
you sleep then what'd you dream about
what'd you dream about hmm
like a rocket ship ready to infinity and
beyond
made a little crash landing there didn't
we well I missed this kid Missy woke up
at like 8:00 and he wanted to go back to
sleep and he slept until 10:00 so he
kind of took his morning nap right after
he woke up that's a thing right mm hey
see hello world he's so cute right now
good morning guys I am just up I've got
the boys this mornin and Brian's
actually off with Geoffrey I think that
he's picking up live with Geoffrey I was
going to show you something some cool
things that I got I'm not gonna show
like every little thing because it's
mostly for like the house tour and stuff
so we went to Hobby Lobby we got some
cute doggie things I love this this is
so cute because like the little hooks
are like his tail which is super cool
this is like a cool little project that
I'll show you guys later
got this cool deer head which is really
neat we've got lots of succulents and
greens I'm doing a little pirate ship
theme in one
the rooms so this is kind of fun yeah so
I just grabbed like a few things I mean
guess it's not like a few things it's
kind of a lot but yeah we're just
working on some cool projects for the
house for some videos and I'm excited I
feel like we're really starting to get
into like a good routine when it comes
to my channel I'm excited to like start
putting out a lot more content and stuff
but how you doing mr. Finn let's go see
you kids just ate lunch I'm making lunch
for myself
and Finn actually gonna go take a nap
soon smoothie for your nap that means
yes I'm ready for now Wow Batman you
look so cool whoa they wanted to dress
up hey and Finn are taking a nap right
now and so they're dressed up as
superheroes that needs to be pulled down
huh let me see Wow
you're Batman you're Batman Ollie got me
though and just woke up from his nap and
he is like looking at these guys are you
look so cute
Dinah cool I'm Supergirl Supergirl and
Batman actually you're that superwoman
superwoman is a um it's a superhero wow
you're a Batman you're very cool
all right I resident host you would call
me back
Batgirl for sure actually fun fact for
me and my brother used to play
superheroes he was always I think it was
Robin and but I was always a cackle huh
hey you do have ears cuz you're a bat
yeah cool I'm gonna be a superhero too
one day you could play superheroes with
your brother okay
a here is a cute be older yep
Oh Finn will be like Ali's age and
always be like your age not weird how I
be you'll be like eight or nine I think
I think you'd be like nine years old
good my birthday's yep so you're almost
six so in three years you'll be nine and
three years he'll be six hi ah yeah
he'll be nine more days oh wow careful
Batman these kids are crazy when they
have their costumes on oh my gosh look
at this little Batman and Supergirl hi
for me back in it yeah this is a little
tie but she can fit all our you look so
cute my little Batman laughter laughter
Supergirl get her get her get her fins
like where's my costume I've been in
phone meetings all day and I came out
and find the kids all dressed up they
look so cute putting up something really
cool in attire right now but you guys
will have to watch a video on her
channel to find out exactly what it is
look at you girls being all handy with
levels and all I would never be able to
do that there are some imperfections we
won't tell you about
so I think we broke our cat feeling
paralyzing she's like she looks
interesting we're gonna show you what
she look like what is she doing right
now
her holes our bodies with two different
lenses what's like she she's like
literally oh oh she's much blows okay
you're enjoying that warm Sun I
seriously find her in the weirdest
positions laying in the Sun - so funny
he's like obsessed with hair oh the hair
perfect
I can suck on this all day okay that's
like mommy's hair all frizzy
no Karma's like this khaki looking at me
and making weird poses we are having a
slumber party
it's for the new iPhone oh yeah oh yeah
iPhone Apple watches new computer yeah
basic Apple TV yeah tonight is Bree or
tonight for the new iPhones you guys
know the CEO the tradition we do it
every year
we are staying up late and we are
ordering new iPhones and Jeff is going
to join me do you remember when we went
to the Apple store yes and still in line
and in line
no we don't have it all right yeah it's
amazing let me do that user people still
do it oh my gosh which time you're
talking about is that I ever tis true
tis true the kiddos are all pooped out
from the hot tub hey Peyton can I see
your dress does it spin okay see you
spin spin no you got a snake as you do
Yepes wearing a big old playlistlive
shirt to bed and we got lasagna and
bread I'm pretty sure Peyton's gonna eat
all that lasagnas we're gonna have to
order food never eat that entire thing
yeah it's the weirdest thing ever
Ben's eating dinner when are you eatin
dude he's got peanut butter and jelly
and strawberries donut time look at
these beauties tell I'm kind of ruining
Abbi wait so you're actually getting a
quarter of every job you can't make up
your mind
haha I want to try every single one yeah
we got a dozen and then we were like
let's get a half-dozen and then I saw
when we got up there that they have
pumpkin which Missy's eating I do not
like donuts and their videos huge fan
someone misses eating a doughnut you
guys that's crazy
she doesn't like doughnuts how weird is
that
I love Donuts it's like cake oh you made
your own super donut that's awesome let
me know what your favorite donut is in
the comments below mine that pumpkin
glaze was pretty darn good
but I gotta say chocolate glazed is kind
of where it's at wait you're eating a
chocolate easy I just try to chocolate
is it baby you always like donuts I've
been telling you this there's no one
that doesn't like donuts you like donuts
I like this donut sometimes are better
at night maybe I'd like a nice way to
eat in the morning yeah all right you
guys Geoffrey's editing his vlog and we
are just waiting till midnight so that
we can pre-order the new iPhone what
what all right huh oh I do sorry bro I
didn't know you were talking right now
I wasn't saying me okay sorry my bad
things in there today
yeah anyway yes we're waiting till
midnight to pre-order the new iPhone we
might live stream on periscope on
Twitter so if you're not following me on
twitter follow me on twitter there's a
link down below in the description to
check it out but i hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you do be sure to click
the thumbs up button and subscribe and
leave a happy friendly comment below and
we'll see you again
you
