what are you doing wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
I am home
over every
good morning guys we got Mimi and Papa
Oh what are you doing over here I just
want to prep hotter me up for something
I know you what are you gonna give him a
kiss then yeah all right go ahead Emily
you got a prickly face all the time
against Bubba yeah three headed into
swim school hopefully it goes good the
boys I think are excited all I you
excited swim yeah Finn are you excited
to swim he never knows what he thinks
about swim class all right guys swim
class went super good the boys were very
very well behaved
all they did his backstroke and his big
arms and he did so good huh you listened
really well I'm very proud of you Finn
did really good to actually at the end
of class he was like done he wasn't out
of that pool not anymore
so um he ended up getting out a little
bit early but yes it went really good
we're now gonna head home relax take a
little nap eat some lunch and chill for
a little bit and then I think we're
gonna head out I'm just gonna hang out
with the boys today and just kind of
have some fun with them all right so
Brian is in the studio today and I
actually have the kids at napping and I
am just in here on my day bed definitely
really rare when I have any kind of me
time but I actually wanted to remind you
guys of an event that we are going to
next week it's actually the Prudential
401k run it's at the Rose Bowl in
Pasadena which I'm excited for cuz I've
actually never been there before and
they are going to have a special top 40
musical act concert there so that should
be fun the event encourages people to
save an extra 1% of your annual income
for your retirement and since Brian and
I just started our 401k plan we're
really excited to partner with
Prudential and we want to encourage you
to pledge an extra 1% of your annual
income for retirement as well over
39,000 people have already made the
pledge which is really neat if you would
like to make the pledge click the link
down below to learn more so yeah I'm
just sitting here relaxing I may read a
book but I'll probably end up taking a
nap until the kids wake up
all right so the boys have napped and
they all slept so good you say good
homologs yen and we are at the water
park he does not wanna go in the water
though we're at like a parking spot
we've been here before they've got um
really fun like playground they do have
water but he says he doesn't really want
to get wet but Finn is here and I'm with
the boys gonna hang out and chill and
hang out nope
excited for the park you like the water
the guy we're playing the water
all right I am with my sister and my mom
and we actually just got out of studio
we had a quick studio date today I was
in there for about three hours got one
song done forgot to vlog all of it
because we actually locked the keys in
the car and then we locked the camera in
the car and it was just a few job masks
but we're all done what'd you guys think
was that cool I had it with interest
yeah it was really good very fun it was
neat the way they knew they don't think
of how much goes into one song huh yeah
that was the thing I noticed was how
much actually goes into one song and how
many times it's just seeing the same
lyric over and over and over again yeah
I have a whole new appreciation for it
it's a music oh yeah really good right
yeah forget the lyrics Bay offing I'm
400 times yeah a million times in the
booth yeah it's crazy I've been singing
for three hours and my voice isn't too
bad I'm pretty good and I just have one
more song to record on the album you
guys and then we can start mixing and
mastering and getting tracks ready for
live and it's just it's cool we're here
fish happening just got home and look
what I found when I walked in its Zuri
she knows how to turn this thing on and
drink water now and it's super cute and
for those of you wondering it does shut
off automatically after two minutes so
it's not like she's gonna waste any
water you're so cute
Jerry thank you Holly say you're welcome
back home and we are enjoying this back
porch which is beautiful a little breeze
going on it's not too hot yeah Holly can
I have a chip I got these chips on the
way home okay I know somebody with my
art all he's gonna give me all he's in
charge of the chips now the trip master
what are you doing whoa
we're gonna laugh at that
I love just hanging out
I actually met up with Talia Natalia and
went shopping outside I've been feeding
I'm trying to finish up a lot of the
decor stuff that I've kind of just put
off that just like don't seem like
important but I'm really trying to do a
house tour really soon so I grabbed a
few things for that and now we're just
hanging out probably gonna get that's
dinner maybe you go do some swimming
this super nice day so we're just
hanging out outside it wouldn't be a
beautiful day without a little bit of
swimming all you gonna show me a trick
apparently Ollie has a trick to show me
show me a trick
Oh
belly flop go to your back now I'm going
to get you look at him treading water
good job good job roll big arms big arms
roll yeah crazy treading water in the
deep end that's nuts
- maybe we'll wait till next what a
little stinker pot Ollie did you push
mama in you know where he learned that
from Missy cuz we're always throwing him
in we show push he wants you to stay
right there yeah how's the water feel
together
I'll swimming together
we are heading to bed now and I've got a
couple books we've been really enjoying
those books that I bought at the airport
that I did it kind of gave him us a
little gift
so like five-minute like little Disney
stories and he's so into him he's
actually like really comprehending the
stories more now and like we like to ask
him questions and make sure he's
following along it's just really awesome
that he can do more than just like the
little kid books he can like not read
but he can understand like a little more
of a story so so we are getting ready
for bed I'm going to read some stories
but before we did that I did want to let
you guys know that as some of you may
know today is or was kind of a hard day
for us especially me and Bryan it's a
day that we don't really like to talk
about that much and if you don't know
exactly what I'm talking about I'm not
really gonna go into a lot of detail but
I'm a little bummed because I had a
special video that I've been working
really hard on and that I put a lot of
like emotion into I put a lot of my
memories it's just like a big project
that I've been working on but it was
supposed to go up today and it just for
whatever reason a lot of it out of my
power really it didn't go up and I'm
really bummed and it definitely made me
like extra emotional and extra sad today
and so I kind of spent the day like just
trying to spend it with the kids and
like hang out and just kind of chill and
everything but I'm kind of debating if I
want my video to go up on Friday which
will kind of be hard for me inside I
really just like once this day is over I
kind of just like to move past it and
not like keep dwelling on it a lot so if
I put up a video like that like a couple
days later it'll kind of be hard for me
but I'm trying to decide if it's
something that you know did it go up did
it not go up for a reason or is it
something that I really am supposed to
share it was put on my heart and I
really felt like I was supposed to share
it for whatever reason it didn't end up
going up so trying to debate that and
again if you don't really know exactly
what I'm talking about just to kind of
give you a quick quick quick story the
reason we started YouTube is just
because of some really hard things that
we had gone
through before before we had Oliver and
I did have a stillbirth on September 7th
2012 and so again it's just something
that's really hard for me and I kind of
sometimes don't know how to deal with it
but anyways I got my little boy here
we're going to lay down and read a story
and go night-night so if you enjoyed
today's vlog make sure you give it a
thumbs up taking a thumbs up guys Kisha
don't buy it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
what do you say
