wherever you are that's where I wanna be
I am
over every
hey Olli what's that song from a monkey
eat how do you know that you're so smart
it's lucky it is one streak you're right
good morning guys we are off to an early
morning doctor's visit
just his three year well visit
unfortunately it was so early that I
forgot his shoes so I have to carry him
now and he is a heavy three year old
you're a three year old huh you're so
big and not have to carry you because
mama is forgetful friends at home though
and friends I think off to the studio
today
my dad my sister Hannah didn't get to
you you're super pressure interface like
gravity take over make the wish
okay okay so we're in this video and I'm
doing a warm-ups with Stephanie she just
taught me this amazing trick to clear my
nose called the witch witch pick wow my
nose is so cleared up pilots issues here
it's awesome it's ugly but it's really
pretty
Jeffery we may need you to grab a mop
mmm yeah yummy right 14 here though it
works okay behind the music you guys
don't have to see stuff like that one
all right I have appointment
we just weighed him he was 30 pounds
just like I said very heavy and he was
36 and a half inches tall and me just
left for her appointment shadow I went
right around her all right
I guess you know what Mama's arms are
pretty tiger he's just gonna walk around
I'm just gonna have to spray him down
when we get in the car but now I'm just
waiting for a doctor mmm should we read
this book no I
oh you want what do you say he sees what
do you say in a sentence take can I
please have a balloon yes you got a
balloon ready yeah I'm big one I'm
bigger than this
don't speak me now I gotta tie it the
hardest part I can't get it mmm you got
it
look hey hey did it come get it
hey what are you saying Vicky oh yeah
touch the ground the hot lava is hot
lava down here yeah let it touch the hot
lava cake oh you're gonna fall in hot
lava stay back hmm come ah
ah good job are you thinking these up I
swear to god I'm not making these up
beautiful these are real things that I
learned all of it Yale okay it's all
about getting your body open you're
doing awesome some people are like hey
we're all done it is so good at your
duck swimming I'm so proud of you
yeah would you get I can't beat you
you got a balloon and a sticker it's my
fave you it's your believe what we left
the balloon of the doctor so now it's
another kid's balloon so I'm at the
studio today and it's a really fun day
because it is day one of vocals final
vocals for the album for us we're
starting with track one today and we're
gonna see how much we get done before I
sound like a croaky old man so it's
really exciting
Jeff is always kind of a buzzkill about
it though because we like the a/c on
he's like I need a blanket see this is a
refrigerator I think it feels great
Daniel don't even touch it
yeah hang me in here all right so I got
Jeffrey here he's here for support
I have Justin here you guys know him he
actually wrote a couple songs on the
album with me
so that's exciting he did so he's here
to help out you guys know my producer
Daniel he's amazing his beautiful wife
Stephanie who's also the producer for my
music videos and the one who makes me
make weird witch noises to clear my nose
and our fourth child Tyler and Tyler
so this is the studio crew you guys will
be seeing lots of them over the next
month or two as we get this going I
can't believe it's happening this fast
honestly been like seven or eight months
since I released my EP the album is
basically all written all produced and
it's where in the last run that's really
cool
Holly where's the dog ah you found the
dog where's the dog go right on there
stick on there seductive dog he's a deaf
dog so yeah like I said Brian is off to
the studio which I'm super excited
because it's kind of the start of him
like officially doing vocals for the new
album and it's really exciting it's so
crazy he's been working on this for a
few months now and it's crazy when it
like actually starts to happen so it'll
be really fun to kind of see the songs
come to life in the next few weeks and
I'm just really excited for him but
today me and Olli are working on a
little fun game basically you have like
this little card that slips in here and
then those magnets so he could practice
a castle alligator he can like stick the
alligator to it it's a magnet and then
he can press this button and it makes
them all fall which is kind of cool and
there's all kinds of different magnets
here and he can help learn his letters
and do all that fun stuff and kids like
oh my gosh I'm trapped come here
all right so anyways this is the game
that we were just playing and actually
kept his attention for quite a while we
did like a b c and d and he would find
all the letter or all the ones that
start with desta and i told him like
look for the dusted dog but he did
really good for first time playing so
I'm really impressed but then he are
obviously got bored and so he's now
playing in his playroom and now I've got
Finn and he's en they just woke up from
it now though so he definitely needed
need to take us to him
come here Finn Finn come here
come on to mama Oh Finn you've been
sitting here forever
can you come walk to mama now how come
closer come here I'm not gonna lie
earlier he took 11 step this is
happening I seriously can't believe
we're here already this album just flew
by and I say that but honestly hey I
mean I've been working on it for like
eight to nine months so it's cool I
can't believe I'm here already
day one of vocals we did the intro track
for the album now we're working on track
two and it's going so well I kind of
adapted to my little booths so I've got
like crazy paperwork everywhere for
lyrics I've got my spit cup yes you do
lots of spitting when you sing and
tissues and my crazy tambourine in case
I'm really selling a beat and I want to
get really into it although I probably
won't be doing much of that yeah we're
here we're doing this day one of us
crazy
what are you doing ollie oh you're
shooting karma are you watering our
plants do you want to water them some
more I think it's still thirsty
turn it on there you go
good job do you think you could do this
every day for me and then you could be
you could that be your chore okay okay
you've been out here watering all the
plants he watered this one and you
watered the other one and he's doing
such a good job all right good job now
you gotta get Karma
all right go for it yeah car was just
out of reach she knows she get me again
I don't think he's gonna fall for your
trick buddy and yes
Ollie was in charge of watering the
plants including mr. Finn did he get you
uh you be careful with that
don't be spraying anyone come on go
water the other plants over there oh oh
good job all right
all the boys are clean they're bathe
their showers Holly ate all of his
dinner every bite of it huh okay so he
gets a little chocolate and he's very
excited about it yeah a big one a big
chocolate oh we gotta sing a song for
Finn ready if you happy and you know it
got for his damn you if you're happy and
you know it clap your hands
dude if you're happy and you know it
clap your hands clap your hands if
you're happy and you know it clap your
hands
that's what you gotta do when he's bored
all right guys
I'm gonna get these kids to bed we had a
super fun day though all the Finn's
gonna go to bed first though always get
her mom a little bit longer in the LZ
hey ollie
oh I'm going to your house right now
buddy I'm on my way home what are you
doing just watch your poncho all you're
watching paw patrol we were watching
pozzolan and we read books Oh Ollie it's
time to go night-night K I love you I
don't when you're happy and you know it
you love each other
nice k she's not gonna scratch you know
why I'm so scared of it he's just a
scooty dog she likes you she just wants
to play with you and cuddle with you
Thank You excuse to miss his hugs haha
oh stop it you can stop moving your feet
she want to thank you I talked to Monday
Oh Brian's home kids in bed karma it's
very fragrant as he's cuddling so hard
he's so cute breath stinks bad oh my we
that's your breath we're catching up on
our day talking about what we did
we're not like a part very often we
usually spend the day together and then
we like pretty much know everything we
did but today we did everything
different yeah made a really good day in
the studio finished lots of cool stuff
got lots of work to do still oh this is
just the beginning day one right yeah I
mean it's not day one technically but
there are locals yeah it's like month
eight yeah we're gonna get ready for bed
and lay down and hang out together cuz
we didn't do much of that today
anyways we're going in the vlog like she
gives the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we will see you guys
tomorrow
hey karma karma you say bye Georgie
don't
come on - doing he's like oh my god
she's touching me someone don't wanna
scratch oh all right he wants to say bye
sorry you okay
