all right you guys we are here at
playlist live DC 2016 I'm on the main
stage with my whole band and I have some
people who want to say hello you guys
there's a baby right there how dare you
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all
sauceman's that big blue eyes
I'm
I'm forever
me
good morning playlistlive we are here at
DC and we're at playlist live day 1
today we have a meet-up a panel and then
I'm performing tonight on the main stage
this little boy you're gonna come out
and perform with me how you doing he
came to show his support for daddy huh
he looks so cute
and you look so good babe look y'all
dressed up and ready play let's laughs
here we go we are headed to our meetup
and are so excited to meet that ton of
you guys and we got the whole crew with
us and we're also filming some stuff for
something special all right we just
finished our Meetup and we met a ton of
you guys which was a blast thank you
guys so much and now we are catching up
with the Ballinger Bailey I like your
playlist dress yeah it's pretty long
Alys at home yeah you want to say hi to
him he's probably watching this holy cow
you guys we are not walking in
Washington DC and it's so beautiful it
feels amazing out here we're walking to
this little cafe called the West Wing
get some lunch free it's fall ball has
hit Washington DC a 50 tickets look at
this park though
like it's just so cool being in the city
like this like look at this building
babe the Henley Park Hotel so cool the
buildings are just insane this is where
we're going right now
West Wing cafe gourmet deli
holy cow you guys that was amazing
speech finish eating at the West Wing
cafe made a big ol mess and now thin is
walking around he ate some of this a
little bit of ham and cheese
they have Boar's Head here so the meat
is like really good
it's like strawberries and yogurt and we
love that no he's walking around hey
dude oh it moves come on over here come
on push it
no only like oh I just walk to you we
are walking you through the main floor
some of its personal life cut just a
panel up that connector seems you
clintus so i'm 20 but how do you how you
go about choosing what hang we were
making a music video for it and now it's
i mean it's sold nearly a hundred
thousand copies it's playing in grocery
stores all over europe it's like Home
Depot and Lowe's and all these crazy
places yeah that kind of was this part
for me and then after at that point
something sort of snapped
I guess inside myself I really started
to build up like a passion for
songwriting Wow
yet doing covers was very difficult for
me there definitely is kind of like a
process you have to go through we
already had a daily blog channel at the
time we had a lot going on so it was I
never really built my music career
around doing covers I was more
dispassionate about writing really good
songs and making really good music
originals just came about easier for me
when you have a good team on your side
and you have good people who are
talented and you can work alongside them
you can really make any any sort of way
your music career whether it's doing
covers or anything else
something like I get a steady one cover
which I don't really but if I did you'd
be really different yeah and plus I
never knew about me and my family and
sort of like our inner workings before I
start releasing music so it's
interesting because I wrote I you know
about the song blog this is home and
people heard it and they already
connected with it because the song is
about my family they already knew about
my son and my wife and sort of how help
me live our lives and so for the vlogs
there they're really getting an insight
look at sort of what these songs are
about you know going on to release more
music about you know what Missy and I
have been through before we started
daily vlogging and now even when about
I'm working on all those stories that
people don't really know they're they're
connecting with us personally and
they're wanting to know more so I'm able
to share it through songs and I'm also
able to share it through the blog as
well so and in this process as well
they're getting to see every single bit
of work that I'm doing because you know
I blog about songwriting or I blog about
going into the studio or you know like
we came up with this really cool paint
they're they're listening to little
pieces but they're not getting the whole
picture until everything is is back
out there I'm going to be releasing my
debut LP or album it's a concept album
and it's called us it's basically about
the story of my wife and I before we
were together you know all the crazy
stuff we've been through and then to now
huh Holly look who's here - hi Holly
under the table hi dude facetiming Olly
anything he's mad at us won't come for
the club he's like I'd love without me I
miss him oh yeah I miss you so much
yeah do you want to hear a cool story so
today I met a bunch of people and one
little boy his name was chase yeah chase
yes and I told him that if you had met
him you would say Chase is on the case
so I met a boy named chase and I met a
bunch of people and they all wanted to
know where Olly was yeah I told him
you're at your new house
I miss you ollie I love you so we are
back at the hotel fins actually taking a
little bit of a shower he's been doing
pretty good all day but he just had I
don't know he just definitely doesn't
feel very good
I'm sure it's like a cold or teething
even he's got like a low fever so just
been like really watching him but but we
just facetimed with Olly and he is doing
really good with me papa I think he does
miss us a lot which is always hard but
I'm really excited for the night we're
headed pretty soon here to watch Bryan
perform and he's gonna be doing a couple
new songs and I'm so excited like I
always get so excited before
performances I get really nervous
because I'm not just like nervous for
him I guess but once he's up there he
always is so good and I just I don't
know I'm always get so proud of him it's
always just like a really cool
experience to get to see him like
performing so hopefully finding once
actually go to that all right
now standing in front of the stage and
Brian felt to go up I'm very excited
this is really cool because he's
actually like premiering new music and
it's so cool because he's been working
so hard on it and it's finally like
getting to be heard and people are going
to finally get to like see what he's
working out so I'm really excited watch
the show I think it's to be awesome
somebody awesome fans here and I'm so
gonna be loud I know you are nursing
right now and trying to sleep and I
don't think he's going to be able to was
people start screaming here we go
guys thanks for showing up guess I guess
it
Oh
you guys been watching me go in and out
of the studio songwriting all that fun
stuff and I'm actually working on my
very first album it's called us and it's
about me and that very pretty girl right
there yeah so I'm going to share a
couple of songs off the album that sound
cool
Oh
No
Oh
guess not singing
my
Oh
Oh
you die
and by
me
yeah we're ever
oh hey there guys it was such a good
show brides it's so good I'm so proud of
him thanks baby
so after the show we actually ended up
taking Finn to the urgent care we went
we spent most of the night there trying
to collect urine to see if he has like a
kidney infection or UTI we ended up not
being able to do that but by morning we
should know something I'm gonna go ahead
and turn in some urine that I caught
myself I got a little bag it was sterile
but I'm probably gonna go bring it to
the urgent care just to make sure we can
rule out that as a thing and if that's
not a thing which the urgent care really
feels like it's just like some sort of
stomach bug but Brian how do you feel
like your show went I feel like it went
so good and it was so cool getting to do
new music it was so cool and like I feel
like we've just sort of like we're
getting closer to like mastering it on
stage you know I know I felt more
comfortable we had everything just
sounded good and it's just it's just
cool because I've been working on new
music for a long and it's so different
like his other songs I also love as
other songs but these are so different
like they are more personal much I've
heard of time they're also a little more
grown-up
the music is growing up for sure I feel
like I've heard them so many times that
I knew that they were personal but
actually hearing people hear the songs I
was like did you feel a little
vulnerable but anyways it was just so
fun it was really really cool I think
Brian did a great job it's a bit of
really really late night it is 2:00 a.m.
oh my gosh but we're still in California
time it's like 11 hour time we need to
go to bed that we're still exhausted
that we were like running on 4 or 5
hours of sleep in like 48 hours oh we're
gonna go ahead and go to bed I think
towels already asleep she started
laughing all right we should give this
video a thumbs up we've enjoyed it
playlist live so much we've enjoyed
meeting you guys and we're day tomorrow
yeah I got one word day and we'll see
you hopefully tomorrow we'll see you in
the blog see the playlist
bye
