Oh deep bee-boop any good morning
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
all since that big
I'm alone
there you win
how are you today Finn was walking
around with a fake hot dog look how good
he's walking I swear this kids at that
phase where like every single day is
like we noticed something new I
remembered it with ollie it was like
we'd go on trips and he'd come back and
I feel like he like aged like six months
but when all actuality it's just like eh
day week it's really crazy thing hey hey
come here come to Daddy
can you walk to dead come on come on oh
good morning Ben good morning he's
chewing on like this plastic fake hotdog
thing it was like a fake camping set
cooking bang I believe he's just a happy
boy this morning aren't you and look at
all of this hair can you see this air oh
my goodness
he's got some Goldilocks coming in which
is cool because now the song this is
home
can also refer to him with little curls
that we never wanted same cuz it will
probably be a long time before Finn gets
his first haircut I have a feeling
Missy's gonna fall in love with his hair
just like she did with Molly's what do
you want to do today Ben you ain't got a
swim school okay he's admiring my shoe
collection good morning guys we've just
made it to mass and all he sees Papa
already he's very excited and I thought
I would share with you the fact that I
forgot my sunglasses this morning but
Ollie didn't forget his he had his on
his and I said Ollie can I use your
sunglasses and he said sure mama and he
gave me a sunglasses that was nice of
you huh
they are your sunglasses but you're
sharing with Mama huh yeah right so I am
wearing little toddler sunglasses but
they worked very well so thank you ollie
and you watching you ready to win
hi
dang you guys not only as my producer
good at making music he's also good at
playing balloon pop whoa it's getting
crazy you see him playing hi ollie
what'd you get a swim class you got
sucker what else did you get well you
got a to Sean Sean it's a shark
that's so cool did you be really good at
swim class so we actually had a band
rehearsal today we are getting ready to
perform at playlist live DC so now we're
out to lunch with my producer and that's
Gus he will be coming with us in DC this
is sick Drummond and the rest of the
crew decided to join in so we're gonna
grow hey Vinnie how was swim class for
you buddy I have food I'm happy but he's
using a fork baby so sophisticated haha
ally what do we got a food
yeah we got a snake okay guys so I was
in my laundry room and I picked up all
my laundry off the ground and I just
like threw it into the washing machine
and I look down and I see this snake
there and I instantly thought oh my gosh
that's a big rattlesnake cause really
when you look at it it really does look
like the markings of a rattlesnake so an
insulin I freaked out grabbing the kids
like trying to grab something to trap it
before it like skittered underneath my
washing machine or something just
honestly baby rattlesnakes and the most
like the scariest kind oh this is like
baby baby but I ended up trapping it I
grabbed it with some like things and I
suck into AB Cup and I've like it's
officially trapped but after getting a
better look at it
it does not look like a rattlesnake
my dad's gonna come up and look at it
but still very very very scary to have a
snake of any kind in your house in your
laundry room
kids play where your kids are around
sometimes oh it wants to
what is that Zuri I don't know how I got
up other than it was on top of the drain
yeah so we have a drain in our laundry
room and you said was it on top of the
drain it was on top of the drain so it
could either be that there was like eggs
in the towel
maybe the pool towels from outside and
we brought that in yeah or it came up
from the drain yeah we don't need a
drain in that room anyway so you can
totally get rid of that drain I don't
need a great no need snakes coming into
our house if that's if that's what it is
other than yeah we do Bremen tell us on
the outside and put him in there so yeah
sometimes the towels sit outside yeah so
scary so freaky oh my gosh that is look
very very little baby that's not even
like that's not like very old yeah Finn
wants to see oh that's his hink he's a
snake he's a sneak I don't understand
why these things happen to us Missy we
live in a crazy part of that area so
we're promised snakes I guess I'm making
my dad go and like my washing machine
and I'm afraid there's a bar there's
eggs under Oh Mike don't freak out oh
dang Carrie so my dad came over and he's
here to definitely do some expert snake
hunting but he did bring over some cool
new toys that was cool new wooden so he
made this one for ollie
got this right right there got a stripe
right in the middle it's very cool
and the other day he made this cool
little rubberband gun but he didn't
really quite like how it turned out cuz
like this how you shoot it
so you made this one which is just one
barrel so it's literally just a rubber
band on there you snap it on to that Jim
I didn't shoot at that time but I brined
it load it right over there
see this one's a double barrel hey that
worked I like this one cuz you can put
your finger in it you can like yeah like
that it's time to get smaller for kids
in like this is so cute it's so like
soft and like dad should seriously open
a little a teashop love you so cool but
anyways I probably got over here and I
was like you need to go through my house
and check everything cuz I'm scared to
death so anyways he like crawl all
around the laundry room he was up high
down low and there's nothing in the
locker room there's no way a snake got
in there so what I'm thinking is either
it was maybe in one of the towels like
the towels that sit outside after we go
in the pool and then I brought it in it
still really freaked me out but as far
as he knows it is not a rattlesnake mom
what do you think huh I put it on
not a rattle okay it is probably a cocoa
first thing which is kind of what I was
thinking too after getting a better look
at it I thought that's a gopher so all
right
the boys are going on a little Polaris
ride all right here's the little guy
he's in our little aquarium in some
water
and I will find him a couple little bugs
to eat he's so tiny though like look at
this compared to like my finger
he's baby tiny it's a day little guy
it's messing me up is he's darker than a
gopher snake yeah it's dark like a
rattler huh you know it dusty usually
Gophers are a little more aggressive
though he's not like trying to get us a
mint head that is not diamond shape I
think we're say and he say definitely I
gopher
so we're just out here now playing
playing fetch playing the grass letting
the chickens roam around it's actually
being really weird you tell me if
they're fighting or if they're trying to
show dominant oh my gosh see he's like a
stance right now like he's gonna beat
that chick oh my gosh yeah you guys
ought to let me know if that's normal
because well I feel like it's like a
hundred percent that it's a rooster and
now if he's like being mean to this one
if this is a hand I'm not sure or maybe
it's another rooster and I just don't
know which I'm pretty sure it's a hen
I've looked up like what they look like
and doesn't look like a rooster at all
I'm not being very friendly I will say
if the rooster ends up being like a mean
rooster whether it's mean to the chicks
or the kids or me or anything we
probably will not be able to keep it
because I can't have them trying to kill
us but if it's a nice rooster then we'll
keep it around but I did not like what
he was just doing to Susan he did not
seem to be being very nice oh I guess
we'll have to see what happens with that
one so I just got back from barons
market and I grabbed a couple of things
for dinner tonight and for food to have
and I thought this is the thing people
like to see on YouTube things you buy at
a grocery store so for those of you guys
are no barons market it's kind of like a
like a Whole Foods they have like
natural and organic alternative foods
but we have one really close by and I
like to go there because they have the
best salsa which is the Dale real fire
roasted red salsa and I had to get bacon
because I'm gonna make waffles tonight
for dinner so I grabbed picked up a
couple other things oh we also need eggs
so I got organic valley brown eggs got
some more throat coat because I've been
drinking that a time Boar's Head bacon
young boy I've never had Boar's Head
bacon so I'm excited to try this I'm
gonna make it tonight waffles I found
this in the frozen section it's a
chocolate chip cookie sandwich with
brown butter candied bacon ice cream in
the middle yeah that's happening some of
that in the freezer soup is melt my
favorite salsa ever which I put on
everything I got a breakfast burrito in
case I'm too lazy to actually make one
and I got hash browns for making said
breakfast burrito but if I'm too lazy
lazy to make this this one these are
actually pretty good organic maple syrup
which I want to give a try and then we
also needed milk they have regular milk
there yeah that's everything I gotta
birds and then I walked in and I was
like smells so amazing because of these
flowers that I got Missy but I have to
say I'm a little disappointed because
day two and they are looking a little
sad website said they last for seven
days know about that I'm editing
thumbnails for Missy and this is what
they've been doing
good job karma round two has begun is
like hyping the boys up babe it's like
bedtime get it Olly get it we landed up
there nicely done
big hug cuz thinking tonight
9 I've been I love you stay cool alright
guys that's all for today's vlog hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did be sure
to give a thumbs up thumbs up ollie
thumbs up subscribe in the comment will
be a manana
oli what do you say hey
