good morning Zuri what are you doing did
your mouth stop moving don't push it
whoa there goes getting she loves this
toy you guys she played with it for
hours last night it's out of this one
got it wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe
sauceman's that big
this is her
you never look so
Oh
compare your with me
good morning guys the kids are asleep
taking an early nap
there's Finn passed out we're basically
spying on them cuz are these kind of
parents now and there's Olly also passed
out and since they've been asleep we've
been able to get a ton of stuff done we
had a bunch of things to schedule and
things to figure out the past couple
days and we've been gone so we haven't
been able to Missy also just broke out a
puzzle to do this oh yeah cause it's
kind of like at kid level yeah and it's
very looks like it's gonna take me a few
days so show me what you got puzzle is a
Thomas Kincade and Beauty and the Beast
and I absolutely love you we got this at
the world of Disney Store at Disneyland
thank you I kind of want to put it
together and then do the mod podge and
then I don't know where I would want to
hang it I just never thought about
hanging a puzzle like I never thought
I'm gonna do this puzzle and then I'm
gonna glue it together and hang it in my
ow the kid all the time I do puzzles and
I just love doing puzzles but I used to
do puzzles when I was like Missy's an
old soul she was also home-schooled well
I did those was like when I worked at
this dub where I just could like sit on
the phone all day and then I would just
do this all day and like oh like you
have to like organize them by like
certain colors and things and so I'm
like what am i doing right now I'm gonna
put this all away yeah this is a lot
these are tiny tiny pieces pieces a
thousand you're nice but she loves
Beauty and the Beast she's so excited
for the cartoon to come out again the
original cartoon comes out next month
and then next year in March March or May
the live-action comes out with Emma
Watson
I want to go see the Pamir so badly I
know she's like can we go to Paris and
see the premiers
like that would be cool so Disney you
want to hook it up we would love to go
yeah so um look it's very creeping
behind you like what you doing I just
really really enjoyed bees and I'm
telling you when it comes out we're
gonna watch it what are you doing she's
showing me her belly Missy I'm just Jake
stop trying to attack me I'm just trying
to rub your belly silly kitty me my man
my man my man please don't eat my hand
off please don't eat my hand off ah look
at her she's so pretty she's growing up
to be a little beautiful kitty aren't
you all right I heard movement oh good
morning how was your nap Oh what you
dream about you jumped about Dinos
I'll come give me a hug I missed you I
missed you yeah you know compress so
funny story we actually hit all of all
these presents that he got for his
birthday we had so many people show up
to the party it was very overwhelming so
they're kind of all in in a bathroom and
he found said bathroom last night but
yeah Missy and I what we do is we cycle
out a lot of his old toys and we either
give them away to kids who don't have
toys or we put them in storage for fan
as he gets older like especially the one
shudders okay maybe I'll let you open
one present okay okay I'm gonna let it
open one press you want a big one okay
we'll see okay mister yeah okay all
right put your shirt on no wrong hole
all right here put your arm in there
there you go put your arm in that hole
that one there you go I like your shirt
okay let's go I'm currently in the
secret bathroom with all the presents
I'm going to choose one for Olli
to play with you're so excited all right
cats out of the bag I gave him a bag to
play with oh hi painless
are you here to play with Olli yeah
what's in here what's that ooh wood
blocks ooh
paw Patrol holy what is that that's what
I'm excited about grab it
whoa Oh in books - cool
this is a Zoomer chomp wings this is so
cool so it's kind of like a mini version
of Chomper whoa what's that ooh
hyper wheels it's like Hot Wheels but
their motorcycles
they're getting a little crazy here
Missy she had to move to a bigger table
no way I'm going to set all this up and
then have to move it because like been
like eating the pieces or something
geez all right he's got batteries oh
whoa that is cool angry angry okay I
would have happened to be Krishna
Oh he farted
just like cruncher does feed him feed
him he's only oh my gosh beat him what
do you think pay his I change his colors
that's kind of cool
I got me he got me give him the bum give
him the phone if he was hungry Olli I
hear little baby crying he's awake these
Cubs so good hi mister
yeah how are you get me out of here mama
get me out of here he's deaf so good
good job
oh my gosh you guys look at Missy she's
actually getting somewhere those are all
the edges yes crazy do you know how big
it is she probably have to measure an
edge to make sure you have all the
pieces in there yeah Missy's getting
really far Wow all right good luck with
that hey Ollie did you know it's
national lazy day yeah and daddy did so
much today I got so much done yeah yeah
it was not lazy were you lazy no yeah
you were no oh yeah you went to swim huh
yeah you went to swim school I guess
that's not being moving but since its
national lazy day Ollie I think that we
should cuddle up and drink chocolate
milk
oh I need popcorn watch a movie
you
all right I'm still working on this
puzzle I'm actually really curious how
far I'll be by the time this day is over
but I've got fin over there he's
snacking he's been eating like some
yummy granola and stuff like that
actually I've got little Zuri here she's
helping me sometimes she's helping
sometimes she's actually just like
playing with the pieces and throwing
them on the ground and it's really
annoying but it is nice but now she's
just kind of sitting with me being a
good little kitty oh yeah I'm just
working on this puzzle trying to like
separate all the pieces I am missing a
couple hub edges so hopefully it's in
here somewhere
also look what happened here yes this is
Finley's doing a piece fell on the
ground and I found it in his mouth so
score one for Finn Holly let her have it
you're tormenting her haha see being
mean Zuri open up the tunnel see if
she'll run through it Maggie all right
go this way and then put the ball in
there oh there she goes so that's why
they designed it that way the high key
can I was that a treat ollie is that a
treat she finally made the treat I've
had those treats forever I've been
dangling them in front of her she never
wanted it but she just took it so that's
cool she's eating it yeah oh that's your
friend I was probably one of the cutest
things ever hi hi Zuri in church a cute
little Bengal you want me to sit down
what are you doing
let her play dude oh oh jeez oh she's
playing let her play bro okay come here
oh you got your kitty hey hey put her
down okay put her down go be gentle with
her okay no she's okay
you love her
I was just doing some cruising before
dinner all right I cut up some
strawberries we're heating up some Dino
nuggets and what are you eating
oh is that a cold one it's a pterodactyl
I'm pretty sure that's a cold chicken
nugget you like cold ones
that's so weird Ollie but I just heated
you up some yummy warm ones right here
you like those too all right you'll eat
them all
missy is cuttin open an avocado for fan
never use this before else see we used
it the other day we made guac it worked
really good looks good yeah all right
you know what nothing else so that's
what's Ali's eating for dinner hop on
down kiddo
if it is still zipping around the
kitchen hey go Ollie you're welcome
all right then it's your turn we got
mangoes and strawberries and avocados
yum dude and you brother had a couple
chicken left over so we got you those
two kay does he like those even oh yeah
he really will eat anything is good bad
yeah meanwhile Olli is being a little
dinosaur in the background are you gonna
finish your food food go right
you can't catch me you can't catch me
ah you got me
Oh you gonna watch something on the
couch okay let's watch each other on the
screen look up there
hey hi hey say hi Internet hey Amy say
what's up yeah let me know in the
comments below
Sam can copy wood alright guys that's
all for today's video hope you guys
enjoyed a few neighbors sure to give it
a thumbs up and subscribe thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment check out all
those links and we'll see you manana you
say see you manana alright what do you
really say Bible
