good afternoon you guys so we're
actually still in Disneyland or
California Adventure and we're going
home today but we thought before we go
home we should do something extra fun we
have yet to see the new frozen live show
that they're doing at the theater here
in California Adventure so we're going
to have a little bit of lunch and then
go see the live show wherever you are
that's whatever wannabe
just one
Oh
over every
so we're having lunch at the Karthi
theater restaurant which is actually
modeled after the car theater this is
where they did the premiere of Snow
White Disney's first animated feature
film so oh oh wow he's actually rolling
away with the stroller kiddo what are
you doing here let's roll back to mama
hey ollie go help your brother back to
mama see how it looks really cool in
here more excited to eat some yummy food
look at this picture they even have here
Oh what are we gonna see Elsa Anna yeah
uh we are all done with lunch and now we
are at the Hyperion theater and where's
Ben where's Ben oh he's down there bro
we gotta let him roam before the show
starts so there's not too crazy but they
gave us the special lanyards for the
frozen show and looking weaving got like
a little special frozen pin which is
cool and the stage does not look like it
did when they did the Aladdin show look
at this this is so cool
it's pretty huh yeah
we're home finally after two and a half
hours of traffic and look I'm here with
Zuri I missed her missed all the animals
our little farm yes
hi ollie you think my kitty cat no see
her kitty yeah oh did you miss her
Sam missed you Zuri oh look at that
Ollie and Kitty reunited Oh huge
shout-out to Jeffrey and his family for
watching our house for a couple days
taking care of our cat taking care of
our dog taking care of our chickens they
have a hilarious video of Jeffrey
putting the chickens inside for the
night cuz you look kind of afraid of the
chickens and then like did she like he
like put the big one up and then one
that just like hot frame down yeah it
was awesome so I seriously think that
they're the only people who would stay
at someone's house and leave it cleaner
than when they hate because our house is
immaculate right now so thank you so
much bro you're the best yes we're so
happy to be home huh she tickling you do
you hear her purr in Hawley your kitty
has grown up ha yeah I seriously think
that she's grown up since the last time
we saw her her face just looks a little
bit different you know like she's
growing into it more all she likes that
all he did that again I actually had a
dream last night that we came home and I
saw Suri and she was the size of a
bobcat so I was like oh my god oh Jenny
girl how much but she didn't she's still
a little kitty cat but she's definitely
growing up all right kitty cat toy Hall
the other day I ordered some new kitty
toys for Zuri because we really didn't
get her a whole lot we got her the thing
that all I can play with her but it kind
of broke cuz I was like I'm gonna get
her some cool toys so I want to show you
what I got her hey Ollie do you want to
give some of the new toys to the kitty
yeah okay I'll let her watch
I'm not here first and then she'll call
it hop down get it alright we're gonna
turn this bad boy on sit down
what do you think she's like oh let me
at it what do you think about that Zuri
I don't know who likes us more all ears
hurry that is adorable
all right Zuri I'm gonna try the ball
now Kay oh oh poor thing is afraid it's
okay here what do you think about that
that's kind of cool huh get it get it Oh
doesn't really work on carpet do you
like it
that one's kind of a dud I don't know
what do you guys think I think that
one's a dead all right how about the
remote control mouse oh really
tell us duck yeah she's definitely gonna
be afraid of that babe all right how
about for something that doesn't move
Zuri where are you oh this is sorry Zuri
some of those toys are scary I think she
liked the Hexbug one cuz it wasn't so
fast but look at now we have one that
doesn't move at all you just push it and
you can play right here okay ooh what do
you think about that was hiding the
little mouse is invited there it goes
good sorry get bat it pretty cool it is
cool it's like smart and it supposed to
be really healthy for your cat's you
know it's not like a mindless toy kind
of teaches them to be smart
Oh get it sorry wait only she's getting
this one hanging get it sorry get it get
a baby girl get it there you go
get it oh that's exactly what she's
supposed to do step on it and get it oh
I think all our new kitty toys were
definitely success but if you guys have
a suggestion for a really good kitty toy
let us know in the comments down below
what are you guys doing you guys playing
wait car me oh you scared her he scared
her by the way her and karma have been
together and hanging out karma doesn't
care about her at all like you he
actually likes her but she's a little
more like freaked out by him I'm sure
eventually she'll warm up but your
liking here doctor
you're like my military doctor Ollie
come some of your new PJs whoa look you
did fun a treasure box huh I should turn
back shoot it
whoa your PJs are so cool dude
yeah do a little spinner Oh spin spin
spin spin spin spin spin spin spin spin
spin spin spin spin spin spin
yeah you're dizzy oh no is the room
spinning yeah oh can you stand up spin
spin spin spin spin spit oh you're
pretty dizzy aren't you spin spin spin
spin Oh spin spin spin spin spin spin
spin spin now you're just being silly
alright guys that's all
today's video hope you guys enjoyed if
you did be sure to give it a big thumbs
up and subscribe leave a comment and
check out all those leagues yes a thumbs
up yeah we had a blast today watching
the frozen show and I'm happy to be home
got lots of work to get job on No
yeah I know I gotta work I'm sorry
alright oli what do you say
