say good morning Disneyland good morning
guys that we all just woke up and got
ready we're excited for a fun day and
we're looking out at beautiful Disney
Land right now wherever you are that's
what ever wanna be all
you never look so
Oh
very
look at Disneyland Ollie Disneyland is
awake for the day I'm gonna write that I
don't know if he's tall enough yeah all
he is slowly becoming tall enough to
ride lots of rides he's over the 32
inches not the 42 inches which is the
next big step missing our rocking our
happily ever after pins eight years
because today is eight years yeah up now
which hm
Wow eight eight oh eight eight eight oh
eight eight years I love you
what do you want to do for the next
eight years babe I'm more baby eight
more babies eight more baby loving eight
more kids that's how many kids who want
you guys yes I know we've never told you
but yeah we're just gonna go for eight
it's our lucky number right it is a
lucky number
all right we're meeting some family and
friends in the park today and we got to
go get some breakfast you ready for a
fun day yeah yeah checklist shirt you
guys as Mickey all over it well alert
this is actually a girl's shirt they
didn't have the same one in boys but I
was like yeah it works let me see stand
up yeah it's pretty dang cute come on
buddy all right we are out of a face so
I let always select everything that he
wants to eat we have grapes eggs
pineapple pancakes cinnamon roll and
muffins is it yummy oh and what's that
chocolate milk can't forget to chug a
milk huh you got to fuel up we got a big
day okay look who came to join us for
breakfast
that's Dale right Thank You Dale he
doesn't know what to think
it's either something
thanks for the pin Dale what'd he give
you
let me see Ollie oh he gave you a little
pin oh let's get a picture Kay ollie
jeez there's a new character here that
we've never seen before it's a bear you
see the bear you can't get him are you
gonna be afraid or happy when you see
him afraid yeah kind of does look a
little scary he's a friendly Ally he's a
friendly bear you know like your teddy
bear at home no then what do you think
sorry always say bye he's a little scary
huh yeah I was bit all teeth and claws
he's been it's okay he's not gonna steal
your food
that's all Finn cares about right now
all right we are in line to get in and
all of us have special years so I'm
rockin buzz Papa is rocking woody
josh is r2 daddy as bb-8 oh look at you
guys the classic couple Suzanne has Snow
White kasia's Peter Pan and Missy has
Belle because she loves Belle she loves
Beauty and the Beast and so now we're
just gonna have a ton for any time you
come we can all just choose okay and I'm
going with a lanyard today Jana will
hold all of our important cards and
stuff I figure it'd be a little bit
easier it's about time we started
getting Disney savvy career Disney we're
career Disney goers yours has a real
feather in it Cassie they kept it in the
back they won't even let people look at
it no ears eyes
oh well that's okay because we have an
extra pair under there look at those
ones bright pink that make you feel
better I know how to keep my mouth shut
oh that's Daisy Duck yeah and they're
poofy oMG you guys it's a Latin and
Cheney om genie
hahahahaha I love the genie I've never
seen the genie with a Latin before all
right for some reason this house must be
having like a house party going on or
something cuz there's like a line
forming around it so we were like open
invitation cool we'll just get in line
yeah so I'm hopefully we're not late it
kind of smells like barbecue so maybe
they'll be serving some barbecue but
yeah we're all in line now to go in here
who do you think lives here Paris Hilton
Lindsay Lohan Britney Spears Oh Casper
he's like really friendly
oh no no sorry not Casper Casper the
Friendly Ghost
shuffles us all into this hazard here
and now about to happen the party
restore any minute
I think hopefully we're not late is this
all GU actually stretching
all right we're all shuffling out of
this weird room now I will say that this
is probably the weirdest dinner party
I've ever been to
good job Ali the lower 4sk
and booties from lat follow me
awaken the spirits with you I'm sorry oh
good we didn't miss the party I don't
know if we want to go to a party like
this looks a little freaky
look at those people dance are those
people no oh no those are ghosts I don't
think we should go to that party Olli
he
say Holly he's friendly alright Olli
what did you think of that dinner party
it was fun it wasn't scary was it not
scary oh yeah it wasn't too bad alright
it's popcorn time of course we had to
get a bucket of popcorn now we have a
red one and a blue one Olli those things
are really cool for at home too you make
popcorn put it in it all right so we're
by the Finding Nemo ride and look what's
over here this is actually hilarious
alright so yeah the fake seagulls up
there which save more
it's just I'm pretty sure it's
voice-activated
and then you have two real seagulls just
chilling right next to it I wonder if
they know those ones are fake the real
ones tend to be a lot more itchy than
the fake ones
fun fact a long long time ago in the 70s
there actually used to be mermaids on
top of these rocks it was basically
ladies in mermaid costumes but then they
had to get rid of it because it ended up
being too much of a distraction check
out all these misters it's literally
like walking through a croc cloud of
water it's pretty cool actually we are
now walking around with just me Brian
and the kids and everyone else was
waiting in a very long line for snoring
but I'd really thought that they should
go on it that's like the best ride but
the kids can't go on that so we're gonna
go this like one of the best rides I
think it is but let us know in the
comments what is your favorite ride at
Disneyland or California Adventure that
one probably my favorite so we're gonna
just go walk around with the kids it
kind of take them to do some fun stuff
that they can actually do
yeah
I guess we've had a super duper fun
today at Disneyland and now we have been
waiting here for over an hour in this
spot we're on Main Street and we are
waiting for the parade and then we're
going to watch fireworks and I can't
tell you how excited I am I got little
ears for the boys
you guys got little ears on now hon and
you're warm and then I even got a chair
for Hannah who has actually Susan's
daughter and her little boy trevor was
just born
so they're also gonna have this matching
jackets I'm really excited about it yeah
I'm super excited for the fireworks and
I feel like we haven't really been able
to sit down and watch them in a long
time so this
we had such a fun day at Disneyland with
all my family Bryan's Overson with Ben
right now so this again these are
friends that we haven't seen them in so
long and it was such a fun day thank you
so much for hanging out with us and this
again this is Josh if you guys don't
know he actually does have a channel on
YouTube it's called the epic simple like
right big similar and he makes really
cool fun videos so go check them out
but we had so much fun I can't believe
it's been so long since we've seen you
guys but hopefully we see it soon could
you dare can I live near Chicago and
that's for my brother staying so we're
kind of hoping to get to visit them more
often like I said she does have a
daughter named Hannah who lives out
there and me and her were like really
good friends when we were like babies
yes we were best we're besties when we
were like 4 so anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video we had so much fun
give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
give this video thumbs up guys and we'll
see you guys tomorrow what do you say
you
