hey Ollie show me your eyebrows see
daddy
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
come forever
good morning guys we just woke up at our
hotel we're getting ready and we're
really excited because today we're gonna
go meet up with the kids even though
it's our anniversary I'm excited that
we're gonna be spending it with that
yeah I feel like it was a nice break
mm-hmm but yeah I do miss ollie no I'm
so excited to get back to them
especially guys since I was gone for
like most of the week I just didn't
really get to see ollie that much
especially so I'm excited we're going to
Disneyland and we're gonna hang out with
them and ride some rides and really kind
of like enjoy just some time together as
a family so about that show last night
though so fun we didn't vlog it but we
actually do you now for party afterwards
yeah that's fast was there yeah I see
and like secret actors and act like
really cool characters on the Netflix
show yeah on haters back off coming out
on October 14th so yeah there's tons of
like cool people there and I really
enjoy the ballads of family like I just
feel like they're super family-oriented
and also care about each other I thought
yes I'm like family ideals that we do
anyways we're headed out now hot dog
we're gonna go see the kids we are now
at the grand California hotel and we're
so excited cuz we've always wanted to
stay here
and look who's here oh my
and Aunty and Finney where are we gonna
go - did you miss mama I am so excited
to be here with my boys hey Ollie guess
what Mama and Daddy have been married
for eight years yeah we did we came to
Disneyland eight years ago for our
honeymoon and now we're back we're
always here with our boys yeah feel like
we're always here though around our
anniversary yeah
wow it's like a cabin or like a lodge so
cool what do you think ollie yeah all
right well Mama's gonna take you to the
potty well I'll check in okay
hey oli show me your eyebrows you silly
boy
all right they're getting our room
already so for now we're gonna eat some
lunch at whitewater snacks and get
fueled up are you hungry
are you still shaking Mirai Restless see
daddy
all right we have made it to our room
and look at this view this is so cool
it's so pretty here I love how
everything is like themed after like the
mountains you know it's all rustic and
logy
you saw that whoa
there is choice down there huh lots to
play with yes we have Cars Land right
there there's the Big Bear Mountain
and we can see Tower of Terror what's
over here
I'll Soarin over California is right
here this is Disneyland right there well
that's California Adventure right there
you guys we can literally go down stairs
and go right into California venture I
think that's just amazing
something we've been wanting to do for a
really long time so I'm really glad were
able to do this we're gonna have some
fun kay okay I love you gonna play with
toys did you bring any toys should we
pack any toys
we might be on a hunt for some toys
Vinny is walking all over this place
you're getting so good buddy who wishes
oh wow he was trying to communicate
something come inside come inside let's
see oh my gosh you look like so much
like Olly right now
step over good job bring the other foot
bring the other foot you can do it you
can do it good job now walk to dead guy
oh you like I don't want to go in there
I might hang out out here alright guys
I'm gonna give you a little tour of our
room here at the Disney California Grand
Hotel all right so you walk and and we
have bathroom with a double sink in here
we have toilet and shower missies
getting the pack and play out of the
closet Oh oh my gosh we totally camp up
in here huh I don't shut it but it'll
just kind of walk his view from us yeah
all righty this is Ali's bed jumping on
the bed jumping on the bed be careful
and that's our bed and we have a little
table and chairs and then a dresser and
a TV oh and look at all he's already
making phone calls who's there are you
calling Mickey Mouse right now oh dang
he's not there okay and we have a fridge
Missy we can put milk and stuff in there
yay and just like that we are now in
Disneyland California California
Adventure same thing literally right
there this is really neat so we're gonna
see if we can have some fast passes to
Sea World of Color tonight
hopefully they're not all gone it's a
little late so they might be but we
figured we just walk around with the
boys because they were kind of getting
antsy in the hotel room but tomorrow
we're going to be spending a lot of time
here and having a blast
Booya scored some fast passes for world
at color alley we're gonna see the show
tonight okay that sounds cool we've
never seen World of Color we've seen
guys like walking past I know how we can
never get fast buses in time so it's
always so late and if we've been here
all day we're like too tired
yeah the kids aren't like exhausted so
I'm excited about that
I need a lanyard I have the room keys I
have my annual pass I have fast passes I
have all my credit cards I need
something to put it all in that's like
easier so we're gonna do something else
you've never done the trail oh the
Redwood Creek challenge trail we take
the stroller know like they can like
climb through like this little tumble oh
yeah it was Jessica telling about that
yeah all right we're gonna try it out
hey look it's Russell yeah Russell from
house
you
that's a skunk ollie what no it's a
skunk
it's not a ghost you got to watch out
because the skunk spray can hit an enemy
up to 15 feet away okay let me know if
you see one
Redwoods are ambassadors from another
time look at this tree you guys it has
all the different times of like what was
happening in history as it was growing
all right we're climbing up to the top
my little explorer buddies come on Ollie
there you go this is crazy I still can't
believe there's things here that we've
never done before
come on guys
you see right over there you see people
this is how you get pink guy
what do you think golly it's almost like
a slide huh
very wobbly bridge Ali's got it all he's
got it okay baby pick this one all right
go ahead run across it going down the
slide come on down isn't this cool ollie
exploring nature the slides and swings
and trees whoa what is that
a tunnel oh do you want to try the
tunnel Ali Mama's on the other side that
was so good dude oh there is another
slide huh it's going up the rock slide
whoa it's so crazy cuz it's like all
tucked away like we've never really seen
it I mean I feel like it's a big Disney
secret a little kid I've never been here
I know the brother bear area is really
cool hey come on down that one wasn't as
fast was it this is Ken nice spirit cave
agent legends say that secret bond
between animals and humans is revealed
within this cave touch the paw print to
discover the animal whose qualities you
share that's so cool so we're gonna go
in here and touch the paw print okay
he's so scared there hold his hair oh my
gosh
it's okay Ollie this is good okay all
right Ollie put your hand there look at
the fishy Ollie your qualities most
represent a fish
Oh his was the salmon strong-willed oh
that's so cool all right let's do it - I
got the wolf which is wise and loyal and
Missy got the beaver hardworking and
industrious I'll go with that the king
snake eats a variety of Rosen's rodents
lizards birds and even venomous
rattlesnakes we like our king snakes
they get rid of the rattlesnakes
found another little tunnel over here oh
and there's people laying in there
ooh a secret area yeah it's pretty tough
it's like a big tree house Holly
Holly who we gonna go see woody yeah so
Missy was just checking the app and it
said that Woody and Buzz were over here
and all he has met buzz before but he
has never met woody him like in yeah in
passing he died like I official picture
so we're gonna go see if we can get a
picture with the infamous wood
that's witty right there is he your
favorite character give him a big hug
Aldi oh that's so cute
what do you are his favorite character
and the first time he's me in you Oh
Holly can you give him knuckles knuckles
Oh Holly say bye
you met way that's so cool huh all right
guys we are all situated to see the
world of colour show we got a pretty
good spot to so we're so excited Ben are
you ready for the show gonna be cool
what do you think
look at this view of the fireworks we're
getting right now you guys cuz the
fireworks in Disneyland how cool is that
babe
we had an awesome night here both the
boys are sleeping so I think I'm gonna
go end today's vlog hope you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe leave a comment check out
those links down below yam and Jana one
last shot of this beautiful setup right
here look at that so cool okay
