say alright like a shark oh go like this
you gotta be constructed on don't don't
don't and dancer downtown use it the
t-shirt
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
on
Oh
ever
good morning see that big smile he gave
me good morning biggest smiles in the
whole wide world huh all I have to do is
look at him and he smiles everybody he
said this little baby like all he wants
is your culture like good morning good
morning Olly you need to show me
something
whoa hey oli have you been making a huge
mess in your playroom this morning
yeah just playing around and being a kid
and having fun what are you gonna do now
good morning guys so something amazing
is happening this morning something that
I never thought would ever happen ever
again the gods called down upon us and
have rained us with their blessings I'm
so excited
Missy and I whoa something's going on
what Aly the dinosaur woke up oh yeah I
remember you went to bed and he got so
tired and he told you he was going
night-night he's awake now huh did he
get his breakfast
you know what dinos like for breakfast
what what do they like dinosaurs like to
eat little boys for breakfast raah
he eats the little play toy cars
ah he likes toys instead okay Missy and
I are currently packing because we are
going to be going on an overnight stay
with zero kids not the other one just
does we haven't done this since our trip
to st. Croix right before Finn was born
of course our anniversary is coming up
so we've got a couple of fun things
planned for the next couple of days
yeah that's your shark tooth necklace
huh okay here I'll put it on you see our
anniversary is on the eighth so we'll
actually be doing a couple of fun things
and we'll be involving the kids as well
we're gonna go somewhere magic goal Ally
we're gonna go somewhere magical yeah we
go there every year for anniversary so
it's fun hi oh wow you scratched me with
the tooth got hurt Olli can you kiss it
all better thank you say alright like a
shark oh go like this you gotta be sharp
enough don't don't don't don't don't
touch you said to keep shark Missy and I
are also doing something really fun in
LA tonight and we're gonna take you guys
along with us hi Leo what are you doing
you're gonna hang out here for a couple
days with Olli and the boys look II just
winked at me they also brought Koda over
so right now at this house there are
three dogs one cat three chickens and a
fish I think we're definitely turning
into a farm I mean especially when Missy
finds out that she can get like those
little mini pygmy pigs don't let her
find out what's going on out here dude
what do you eat in you go throw for Kota
throw for Kota okay do it whoo
hey what are you eating buddy what's it
called yes you do what's it called okay
no it's not a strawberry Oh watermelon
Mady watermelon all right Allie mommy
and daddy you're gonna go bye baby but
we're gonna see you tomorrow okay good
to get all I guess where we're gonna see
you tomorrow at hmm where do you want to
go Oh King King dizzyland meet you there
okay I'm gonna miss you and I love you
so much baby you got take care of your
brother you make sure you play with him
and love him and hug him and kiss him
okay okay mama he's in a mood good luck
with that I love you so much 1 2 3
love you buddy all right guys I am so
excited and so liked it there is a next
exact same time but this is going to be
the very first night that we're leaving
both the kids at home with my amazing
parents who are always so awesome and so
like just they're just like the best
they are always willing to just like hey
you want to swatch the kids you guys go
out I thought about it for a while like
they've been for one night he does so
good at night he sleeps through the
night
she needs he goes to bed on his own
so good and so I think we're gonna be
gone for 24 hours I felt like this that
bad
so me and Brian had tickets to a show
tonight and it's our anniversary this
weekend and I was like let's go for it
let's do it and we're gonna meet up with
them tomorrow really early so it's not
going to be too long but I still like
nervous about it because he's Vince just
he's still my baby and usually for the
first year I try not to leave the kids
because I just think either momma but
you know what I'm really excited because
he's doing so good and then Brian kind
of been wanting to do like just a night
away just us and kind of get together
especially because it's our anniversary
and this will be our eighth year
anniversary and we got married on eight
eight oh eight and it's eight years age
I like remember so yes we are headed to
LA I think friends can maybe take me
shopping which I'm kind of excited about
when I grab a cute little outfit and
we're headed to a show and it's going to
be really exciting and really fun night
of course I'm checking in on my mom
constantly like okay okay loudly husband
but he had a nice nap today which he
actually was sleeping away last swing
and to say goodbye to him but probably
for the best anyways
all right we are shopping now Missy's
looking for something to wear tonight
something frilly to fancy we're gonna go
to Beverly Hills I think are we in
Beverly Hills Studio City I think is
what it's called but Missy saw a bunch
of really cool stores and dresses in the
windows so she was like we have to stop
that's cool so these are the shops that
are all on the street Missy's going into
the store called Free People which she's
heard a ton about wants to check out oh
cool sign
oh yeah this is like your style
definitely huh all right Missy found a
dress she found a pair of shoes I got to
spoil her and now I'm gonna spoil my
stomach so hungry so we're gonna try and
grab a bite to eat and then race to the
hotel and get ready for the show all
right we're gonna try this place umami
burger is jeffrey raves about this place
says we got to try it
this thing looks
and they make everything crazy
now they make the cheese women
you
my god Jesus so go back yeah we did yeah
no no we just got to the hotel and
Missy's dad keeps sending us really cute
but he has a fin who's doing great by
the way and then he just sent this
instead making him dinner and I refuse
to prepare it special he said it did not
end well so we're at the hotel now
getting ready a really nice place and
check out this sweet view we have oh
it's so nice out here they got a cool
little waterfall out there and the hills
all right guys Missy and I are all
dressed up
check her out looking good babe
and we are going to our very first
Miranda sings show oh hey buddy I like
your shoes we are with teenie yay is
this the first time we've met I think so
you were busy oh yeah oh yeah the show
oh I think she was sick oh yeah
hey girl who's up girlfriend all right
so we are backstage and look at all the
shenanigans happening hello Bailey Josh
is currently teaching everyone a dance
one two three four and five tub oh this
is a Momo I like it we're so happy to be
here first night without the kids oh my
god that's crazy
first overnight trip member yeah since
we went over sure yeah yeah you do it
last year Freddie yeah
nice so we're yeah we're tight I'm
although we should have actually kind of
brought away really gets pretty
kid-friendly very slowly cos yeah so
where's Miranda
he's coming she shows up like last
minute she's always late she's always
like peeing or whatever so you'll see
her later she'll come she'll show up
later
we're so excited we're so excited thank
you for having us out these are gonna
get weird
super weird I'm alright jessica is
leading us around I believe this is back
in the stage oh yeah there's a screen
this is so cool
how cool
Wow that's a lot of people
that's so cool I gotta say Killeen is
probably one of like the hardest-working
entertainers out there doing it on her
own like this I think it's incredible
I'd freak out if I had to walk in front
of that many people even when I perform
in front of like a couple hundred people
it's like that's so cool
but yeah so first Rihanna shell we're
super excited for what she's doing and
and all the success she's had and we're
just gonna sit in the seats and watch
the show
let's see those skills bro are you
putting me to the test did you did you
see the one I made with him with the
paper plate oh that was you that was me
oh man you did it
okay pretty good job for paper the hurt
is there is yes let's do a test we were
being uh yeah Boy Scouts okay you make
do with what you have exactly this may
go very far okay thank you thank you
specialist and when I add I have not
made my license um high school oh all
right that was probably like twice what
mine did set that up I gave it to you
falen I was actually thinking maybe like
jets would pull down from the bottom I
would just sort of take off my thumb I
actually thought about just crumbling
into a ball and throwing it cuz I knew
that we could that girl is usually
farther that usually goes farther yes
right now so there is something no time
I have to be bold so please put your
hands together
because most people just get a little me
and I to be in the show
Oh
just missing for you we're just gonna do
some different things
good job Miranda
what are you doing filming me this cost
more someone just bill me I'm a very
famous columbidae you can just bail me
whenever you want
I was credit cards the mine I'll write
you guys I will say I was one heck of a
vlog we are back at the hotel room now
I'm in my robe missing I just ordered
room service and we're gonna eat and
catch up on Big Brother
but I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up I want to say huge thank you
to Colleen ballinger for having us out
to her show we've never been to the show
and it was such a treat and I seriously
have so much respect for that woman
we're so excited for all the success
she's been having and we're really
excited to see her new show on Netflix
come out on October 14th both the boys
are doing great and they're fast asleep
and we're excited to see them tomorrow
but for now we're going to relax so hope
you guys enjoyed this video see you
manana by Boop
you
