wherever you are that's where I wanna be
Oh
forever you're with me
good morning guys this morning we woke
up to some really cool news the streamys
announced that we have been nominated
under the kids and family category and
we are so excited thank you guys so much
for nominating us that was so cool and
we're really excited we're hoping to get
to attend the streamys award I think
it's in October so well you know guys
know when the voting opens up for the
actual award but it's just really cool
to even be nominated and so we've been
definitely buzzing about it all morning
but today it's kind of a cool special
day because you've just got me today
brian is off to the studio all day I
don't think he's gonna be home till very
very very late so I already just took
the boys to swim and we are now off to
the store I have been needing to go to
grocery shopping for so long I really
need food in the house I need food I
need things all the things I don't know
I need a lot of stuff so we're gonna go
to Target because the grocery store is
cool but targets better because it
literally has everything you could ever
need I've got both the boys Finn was
sleeping but he just woke up so
hopefully this trip feels good it should
be a fun day though I kind of like when
the days are like this like feel like I
can kind of involve you more throughout
the day rather than just like little
things that we've done just because it's
just me he has like I got to fill the
vlog whereas normally it's like me and
Brian sharing it so I don't have to vlog
like too much but today I'm going to be
vlogging a little bit more so it's gonna
be kind of fun and I'm gonna take you on
my day with me let's go you ready
yeah okay it's not all in the cart I am
baby wearing which
it's very nice because I need both my
hands-free and we're just having food
some veggies for subscribe some fruit
what else should we get oh we get some
of these salads all of you like salad no
you don't you do like carrots should I
got some carrots for you yeah okay
I think I'll grab these ones who they
like that they have a resealable back so
I can close them up a gunshot be a toy
hated a toy drug bad guys egg send up
the dots so let me know if you guys have
ever had to do this but I went grocery
shopping and I literally got a ton of
really good stuff but I filled my cart
up and I finally did like other little
things like soaps in razors a dog food
any cat food and yet all kinds of other
things that don't fit in my cart so I
really had to check out and then put it
all in the car and now I have to grab a
few more things but it's not like a ton
I just need to grab a few things that
just really didn't fit so gotta hurry
those I don't want anything to go bad in
the car alright so we just got done with
basically all our shopping Ollie was so
good that I told him he could do
something extra extra special what are
you gonna do he's gonna get a present
for Finn so I'm kind of trying to teach
him to give to other people so he is
gonna get a present for Finn what do you
think Fennell like Oh a builder's box
you think finna like that
no fiddle like this let's see yeah that
looks a little bit older let's try and
get something a little bit more for his
age okay what he doesn't know is that
thin it's gonna pick him out a little
toy he'll get it later I was a little
surprised but I think it's kind of fun
to kind of keep teach him to be excited
to give something just someone else like
his brother and he'll be excited that
and picked him out of toy and he'll feel
a little special so that's what I'm
trying to do right now
all right Ollie what did you pick out I
thought wow and what who's at four it's
for Finn do you think that's a good toy
for him okay
that sounds good to me let's put in the
cart good Finny he's been crying are you
okay he wasn't happy I had to put away a
ton of groceries and stuff and so he
just kind of had to cry for a little bit
but he's okay but I just had a super
super successful shopping trip we got
everything we needed the kids were so
good so good especially for not having a
nap they just hung out and we're super
super good and actually Ollie took is
taking in that right now he fell asleep
on the way home so I was able to just
lay him right in his bed and how he's
napping and I was able to put all the
groceries away put all the stuff away
feed the chickens you are doing
something dangerous right now and clean
up the house I was able to get a lot
done so all he will probably wake up any
minute and then he's probably gonna be
really excited to give Finn his toy then
are you started to give all your toys
yeah we're just gonna hang out for a bit
probably go play outside for sure
because it's Karma put the chickens and
it's been a really really productive day
I've been just kind of planning some
videos as well I'm really trying to be
proactive on my channel and so I've got
a couple videos I'll be filming tomorrow
so I was able to kind of plan out those
videos which will kind of make
tomorrow's day productive as well so hi
there you want to say hi hi girl
how are you all right we've got the
chickens out there hanging on the grass
and I know a few days ago I talked about
letting them out and I think it's fine
what I'm going to do is just stay with
them stay close to them not let them get
too far which they really aren't like
Wanderers there's gonna Peck the grass
and stuff and I'm actually really
excited cuz karma like totally doesn't
care for them like I'm just glad he's
not chasing them so that's cool
I don't think yes I loves them but he
doesn't care about them at all so that's
really really nice that they can just be
out looking my boys we're about 90
percent should
Lynnette is a boy he kind of went a
little like two days ago but it's okay I
think I'm okay with there for now and
then I want to show you something else
oh wow um those two just like attacked
each other I hope you're not a rooster I
mean you don't look like a rooster oh my
goodness you kind of want to be in
charge huh that's funny
it's so cute so far they're not
aggressive so that's good and then
another cool thing if you guys remember
a few days ago there was like a huge
bubble here and we couldn't figure out
what it was we would figured it out
there is a this thing was like
completely buried underneath me around
it so when the sprinklers were coming on
it was basically just like filling up a
huge bubble then the water would seep
out slowly so figured that out too so
that's not too hard to fix we can fix
that pretty easily
why are you doing are you hanging out
with you jigs oh you're doing really
good you're petting them good job oh my
goodness is there a pterodactyl can the
chick gotta watch out for those
pterodactyls too huh are you gonna get
your chicks you're like a chicken
monster aren't ya you're what all the
chickens are afraid of hey karma let me
throw that ball for you alright ready
Zuri uh Nana hand is very interested in
these whole chickens things she's like
uh I'm gonna go play with them kid I
knew is dead if he is a boy here not
that mean yet me and Cara does not like
it when I scream he's brief she's very
nice I'm definitely winning that this uh
Susan is very aggressive especially
towards Lynette it's kind of interesting
are you a rooster too
well there are cute little herd what are
you boys doing are you racing ha oh no
all he's winning
ha I'm being attacked what is that lucky
there's a monkey and a turtle yeah ah
got it
what what are you doing
you trying to race your brother do oh he
is like so happy right now
oh he's right in the dark can pretend to
get in Mali silly come on
alright I got the boys all dinner got
through the shower night clothes on I
think always comfortable so while I put
Finn to bed it is past your bedtime huh
bud whoa
hey Olli you want to give thin the toys
you got him yeah okay here you go
okay go Sean hey Finn look what I got
you come here Finn come play with the
toy let's open it for Finn and give them
to him okay all right here you go
if that one the Finn Betty give that one
the fan then there's a couple more
okay I'd give those to Finn oh yeah ah
move it like duh that's pretty cool
Wow Finn your brother got these all for
you isn't that cool
he loves them Olly he says thank you
well you just say you're welcome
oh the kitty likes it too that's pretty
cool
yeah these are all Finn's toys huh huh
and this one lights up this one's got a
ball inside of it and it like turns blue
this one squeaks that's cool I all I
guess what yeah Finn got you a little
prize did you know that yeah do you want
to see what it is yeah okay ready he got
you a blue no you say what do you say
say Thank You Finn he says you're
welcome
yes so we got playdough and it's got all
kinds of colors and we're gonna make all
kinds of fun stuff with it and we're
gonna use our imagination make doggies
and pizza and all that stuff okay well
let's open it once I put Finn to bed
then we'll play together okay okay I'm
home hey do you think the vlog missed me
oh I didn't very good today
you don't think he was good today no I
did I just say no I was in the studio
all this day that's so much done had no
time to vlog or do anything so I cannot
wait to watch back your footage and see
what if one day you had yeah we recorded
four songs in the studio today so pretty
oh my gosh my producer was like this
never happens but my voice was just
doing really well today I don't know why
today was like a special day but he kind
of planned it to be a long a day so we
wanted to focus on a lot of different
things but getting pretty far Missy's
preparing for videos to shoot tomorrow
yeah yeah we have lots of shooting to do
tomorrow for different things and I just
saw a cross go to bed you miss me oh hey
oli do you want to go into the studio
and make music with me yeah you want to
do that again I think it would actually
really cool if I could get him on the
album singing hey Alex thing this is
home I love you so food I missed you
today dude you're fine
yeah we are having a little late-night
snack what do we snack it on
patcon doctor strawberry pop-tarts is
the best huh
in like your part and we watch paw
patrol I think we're gonna what and what
and Karma really wants pop-tart
alright I think I'm gonna go end the
vlog today what I hope you guys enjoyed
it by the way huge thank you to you guys
for nominating us for a Streamy Award
that's amazing I'm not sure how voting
works but as soon as it does we'll let
you guys know hey Ollie can you say
thanks for the nomination get a warning
Kiki
it's close enough I think you guys for
watching today's vlog we will see you
manana always say give it a thumbs up
thumbs are and what do you say
