hey do you think I'll like it I put him
on this rope swing I'm gonna try it oh
my goodnes hi oh my goodness I think
he's like gripping on for dear life he's
like dad I don't like this I feel like
I'm caught in a spider web wherever you
are that's whatever wannabe Oh
Soph since that big
I am
me
good morning guys so today I am actually
headed to a doctor's appointment and
we're hoping that we can kind of get
some answers as to what has been going
on with me for some of you who have been
watching this you may know that I've
often complained about being sick in the
mill the night violently ill is probably
a better way to put it but I would wake
up in the middle of the night I would
have so much pain abdominal pain almost
like a like a twisting or like a hot
pain and then I would usually be
throwing up
I'd be very violently ill for the rest
of the night and wake up completely sore
and this has probably happened about
four or five times this year so far and
I think we've always chalked it up to me
maybe just having a very weak digestive
system and always assuming that it was
something that I ate to cause this issue
and it very well could be we still do
not know I've gone to the doctor about
this before and they kind of swept it
away and said well you're young and
you're healthy so I'm sure you're fine
there's nothing to worry about but last
night I had a very very violent attack I
didn't throw up and I wasn't sick all
night thank God because every time I'm
sick it just ruins my throat and I takes
weeks to heal and I'm in the middle of
recording an album right now so that
would kind of be a bummer but last night
I was probably in some of the worst pain
I've ever been in in my abdominal region
it was a pain that I was not able to
talk through it was a pain that I kind
of had to keep my whole body moving I
just sort of not focused on it it was
very scary it was very scary to me and I
had no idea why I took I took two charco
pills just in case it was something I
ate and that did it help Missy gave me
an ibuprofen and some water and we
actually wrapped a hot compress around
my abdominal region and it seemed to
calm down after about two hours and I
was actually I basically passed out and
fell to sleep and then I woke up a
couple hours later feeling much better
and thankful that I didn't throw up but
it was a very scary pain and something
that I really want to get answers for
there are a couple possibilities that
we've been thinking number one I could
be allergic to some kind of food it
could be gluten it could be dairy
although dairy I feel like would have
different side effects but an allergy to
gluten kind of gives the same sort of
could also possibly be my gallbladder I
could be having gallbladder stones so we
just don't know so we're hoping that
this doctor could do
- sound see what's going on in there
it's even get it fixed because I have a
family to look after and to take care of
and I can't be having this problem
anymore so we're going to do that today
good morning guys we are lunch may brain
just got them with the doctor's
appointment and they basically skip up
order just like a ton of tests like yep
ultrasound in a couple days to kind of
look at everything and we're going to go
do bloodwork here and a couple hours I'm
not excited about no he's not but pull
them everyone's got yep oh we're done
it's normal via we're actually said
learn so we're just munching on some
salad trying to eat specially a monster
okay
it was just like running around doing a
ton of things and I have like totally
forgot to eat so we gonna grab some
lunch and relax before we got to do
something heat up I really want to do
but again done sorry 2015 yeah
do you like masks away or something
oh it's good it's like citrusy you like
going to
what are you thinking already I just
don't do goodness I hope to do it in
high school and I passed out he didn't
give like blood work in high school he
gave a lot of blood
how long have you been doing this shut
up yeah he's done Salus can't even watch
Grey's Anatomy
hey it's totally fine I got a feeling
I'm gonna see you I wouldn't know
anything isn't easy chief oh my gosh
not this one she's trying to find a good
one so that you won't like you notice
how many do you need one
oh really hmm do that you won't even
notice that you did even though it is I
don't they look great my girlfriend
I usually don't get my nurse together
cuz I think I'm really doing it totally
fine and just look at me what's your
name
human thing Clementine I'm sorry that's
a really sleeping I'm sorry like me just
look at me Ben you're totally fine
calling will be over 37 minutes
you're learning pretty sick just look at
me you're not even gonna notice you know
you might feel like you only make a face
what do you want me to do yeah make it
this mm-hmm
it's just me like a pinch thing and
death isn't nothing
talk to me happily okay
you are gonna be done in like so fast
it's not gonna be a big deal and then
we're gonna go home we're gonna go see
Ollie and thin and then you're gonna be
done you're fine you're totally fine is
not everyone does this be memory tags I
had to do this for our kids a lot
well done drill muscle you don't feel
anything
good job almost done almost done what
happen mmm
do it yeah you did it do you not this
okay we're just gonna do it you probably
need to relax a little bit breathe well
just keep breathing deep breaths talk to
me baby
okay they used to call a plan and we
loved Clementine remember that one movie
that has Clementine in it know with um
what's his name jeong-ja Carrie jet
you're okay what is his name Jim Carrey
Jim Carrey yeah and that's like that
crazy movie that all the one where he
like he is like that racing's memory
yeah and but they're like in love and
her name's Clementine that's right
that's what I thought of as soon as I
heard
we could watch that movie right now this
dad doesn't oh my god I love you I could
kiss you good job you did it look at ya
I got two stickers because do you guys
have one
yeah she and I did it go with plant this
one that guys like and I put a lot of
pressure on I felt really bad get it so
we had to do this and now your arms are
broken you can't use them I don't want
to move them I feel like the bandages
are gonna slip and bloods just gonna go
everywhere it's like that dynein no
that's not occurring this happen we're
just waiting a couple more minutes and
he has to do another like bleeding
that's Italian reason to hog your
moniker sure I mean I didn't get blood
today I'm sure all you love it thanks to
you because they'll think he gave one
today Oh
look at that - why - why does it have to
be - I feel like that's one of my worst
like nightmares first of all you have to
go to get blood and they don't even get
it the first time I always felt so bad
for you when you were in the hospital
and they were doing it remember that one
girl I took her like five times that
wasn't even giving blood that goes for
like a I mean it has been way worse
yeah oh I feel sick but I'm I feel so
much better now that it's over
can we never come back to this place
again I'm not going to get
look who walked right up to me and just
reached your hands out huh
did you miss dad dad are you good for me
me and Papa he's just like a rock and
roll concert going on in here
Holly were you good for me me and Papa
watching paw patrol on the loudest
volume ever you broke your foot what
how'd you do that what did he do
do you really break oh oh oh get to go
to the doctor like dad dad you know dad
I had to go to the doctor today I did
yeah let me see your foot oh you got
like dry skin he's like uh yeah a
pedicure is what you need huh I'll check
it out what do I got look it I get a
sticker come look at it what's on it
I got dot not a dog it's a lion yeah I
gave blood today I ain't lyin huh get it
oh he doesn't he doesn't get it ah
you've been being good with your brother
right ollie yeah woody where's his hat
it's not always how it goes
I think everyone who's owned woody and
even in all the Toy Story movies it's
always like where's what he's half
mmm-hmm
they should just made it stick to his
head permanent all right so I just
dropped the Missi off at a hair
appointment we're actually going to
Jeff's birthday dinner so I'm hanging
out over at Mema and Poppa's Park
alright I'll follow you and we're
playing do you see anything cool ah you
see Khoda huh he's down there where's
Finny
he's about old enough to go down the
slide now huh there's Finny he has been
walking so much today you guys it's
crazy you hardly even crawled today are
you just a walker now you're not a
crawler no more you're over it do you
think I'll like it if I put him on this
rope swing I'm gonna try it
you want a swing huh hoggle oh my
goodness hi
oh my goodness I think he's like
gripping on for dear life he's like uh
dad I don't like this I feel like I'm
caught in a spider web okay okay all
right now what are we doing Ollie whoa
can you do a flip yet okay let me see
you do a flip oh that was close dude we
have retrieved the mama and now we are
walking to dinner to go meet Jeffrey in
the family for his birthday dinner are
you calling that pterodactyl up there
that's not gonna work dude sorry
so that I can host benefit find out he's
walking he's wearing Ali's old Tom shoes
again like a little yeah it's okay
yeah the pterodactyl did flew away
perching up there but yeah we are
walking into Kyle's stress and gonna
meet the fam and eat some grub
hey we are home we had a fun little
dinner with Jeffrey and the family since
just over here walking oh hey wait
Jeffrey's cake didn't you it is time for
bed I think boys are like wound up right
now but we are gonna go ahead and NJ
blood how we turned into a kid can you
say give this video a thumbs up yeah you
guys tomorrow what do you say when you
say not in kitty cat version what do you
say in all a person
