hey guys before today's vlog starts we
want to let you know that today's video
was made in partnership with Prudential
good morning cool dude well we're gonna
go bring into the trash cans but
basically the same thing huh wherever
you are that's whatever wannabe
just one
Oh
trevor you win
just a couple of guys doing some chores
right yeah yeah we just FaceTime mama
where she yeah my Hawaii mamas in Hawaii
she has a really fun day plant and so do
we
we got to bring in the trash cans first
though right yeah all right let's do it
goody anyway we go such a beautiful day
out here you guys
Wow
Holly what did we find we found treasure
boxes okay packages left at the gate
good job buddy he always calls them
treasure boxes because there's always
usually something good in there and it
was a treasure box indeed look what came
Harry Potter and the cursed child I have
pre-ordered this for a while now I'm so
excited that it came so I can read it
and Missy and I actually do have tickets
to go see the play in London the end of
this year and we are so excited I'm so
excited I don't know about her but I'm
so excited but look at it's real so this
is actually the script or the screenplay
and this one says it's special rehearsal
edition script - that's interesting
oh my gosh dream private privet drive
under cupboard under the stairs oh my
gosh
it's so cool I kid you not you guys
actually just got a phone call with
someone in New York City and I was
sitting right here in front of my New
York City wall and I was like sammy
wishing I was there but I actually just
got off a phone call with the people who
are actually setting up mine and Missy's
401k plan our retirement plan and it was
kind of a phone call I was dreading
because I know there's like a lot of
legal stuff that you have to go through
but honestly it's so important to think
about the future that it was something
that I knew we had to get started
eventually and sooner the better and
there were a lot of struggles for us to
start something like this because for
one I was like no we're too young to be
thinking about that number two it can be
difficult to put money away and number
three sometimes I just keep thinking
retirement is so far away we have plenty
of time but the fact of the matter is it
was actually something that we probably
should have started a couple years ago
and right now in America we're facing a
retirement challenge I was actually just
reading that one out of three people are
not saving enough money to put into
their retirement fund which is why I
think it's cool that Prudential is
putting on a 401k run in Los Angeles to
help raise awareness and help do
something about this retirement
challenge that we're facing this 401k
race that Prudential is putting on is
going to be fun it's going to be easy
it's for all ages
we friendly and there's going to be a
ton of activities to do also it's a
family event and there is no
registration fee instead they're asking
that you take the pledge to save 1% more
of your annual income towards retirement
Missy and I actually think that this
race is really cool it's for a really
good cause
retirement is super important it's
important to think about your future so
we're going to be there on September
17th at the Rose Bowl in Los Angeles so
join us and come take the pledge to save
more money for your retirement if you
guys want to learn more about the race
or to register also I'll have a link
down below in the description so
actually yeah I just finished our call
about our 401k plan got everything I
started to get set up and I feel so much
better I feel such a weight lifted off
our shoulders and now we can just focus
on saving for the future amazing I mean
absolutely gorgeous just like this
valley there's obviously like lots of
crops down there and water the hills the
foggy cloud yes I didn't ye with my
girls I've got talent and Christy
Natalia's in there we're about to have a
fun fun day I'm so excited and we're
starting off right with a beautiful view
Oh amazing
you
made it into the cave Cave of Wonders
it's actually pretty cool it's kind of
scary
but I was expecting to kind of be stinky
and it's really not there's like no snow
like stink or anything something about
good air oh yeah nice but I'm looking
for somewhere to sweat I was hoping to
be like a cave or something that I could
swim in so we're headed to find water
now alright so we spent most of the day
exploring the water and hanging out we
actually never ended up going swimming
but we are now at a ranch where body
works and she is taking us riding she's
also holding a pig hi she's so cute
she's taking him home tonight gonna take
him home he's gonna sleep and he's gonna
snuggle her chin oh so Natalia is going
riding for the very first time we got a
cowgirl boots on and we're gonna head
out so I just so excited this could be
so much fun
we also get to have a little more fun
than probably like the books I did and
this is he was a protector today she
says hi
so we just picked some strawberry guava
on the trails all right so this
strawberry guava
so we just scallops on in here and we
made it to a waterfall where me and Tao
are determined to go swimming so we
haven't been swimming in and so it is a
little muddy but we're getting in
because we want to get it you want to
get wet we're a little warm so
alright well Missy has an amazing
adventure in Hawaii Geoffrey and I are
taking an adventure on ourselves and we
have all the kids how we doing kiddos
what are we watching
Zootopia they're watching Zootopia and
we're actually gonna go to the mall I'm
gonna get some clothes for Olli because
he's been needing some new clothes maybe
do some dinner maybe do a movie and it's
Fashion Valley Fashion Valley Mar in
okay
we didn't know if you're gonna Fashion
Valley 5:7 yeah so we're gonna do that
have a little fun with the
that was so fun and so amazing and
actually we're so wet that were like not
fitting our clothes back on so every
camp tacos ooh our bikini bottoms and
we're just gonna ride back like this but
it'll be fine I'm sick this was such a
fun day thank you so much Bonnie and
what it goes you're Indian summer falls
range yes so you guys will have to if
you're ever in Hawaii
you got a visit because it is an amazing
ride and amazing view and just so much
fun
okay we just got back and we had so much
fun as you can see mud everywhere yeah
that was amazing like something I
haven't been able to do in so long oh my
gosh mud oh my god it's like that was
look at her she's like got mud all over
her shoe that means we had fun okay all
right you guys we just got done at
Fashion Valley got some cool new clothes
for Ally got to see a movie got to go to
dinner and we had an absolute blast
being out in the Sun all day was nice
and fun outdoor mall is cool but right
now we are driving home and the kids are
watching Zootopia
which is actually a life saver having
movie in here and so funny because oli
is like falling asleep early but he's
refusing to accept oli are you sleeping
are you falling asleep no you're not
are you just resting your eyes these
shakes is that know with his eyes closed
no no I'm just gonna press
yeah well okay I think that's all for
today's vlog but I'm super excited to
see missing footage I just know she's
having an absolute blast which is
amazing but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a big thumbs up and subscribe check
out all those links down below in the
description and leave a happy friendly
comment below and see you manana I'll
see if I can try and get a bye boob out
of Holly hey ollie you say bye Boop
he's a bye boo I think he's actually
asleep now hum pain yeah alright you
want the honors of saying bye boo you
want to do it okay
say bye
