Vinnie come get the gun come on you're
too cute you are too friggin cute dude
with all his hair wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
once that big
thank you
I'm
Oliver James what are you doing you're
cleaning up that looks like the opposite
of cleaning up Oliver
mmm-hmm you're making a mess can you say
making a mess yeah that's exactly what
you're just doing Ollie this wasn't no
no this is all mommy's makeup yeah
so I just caught ollie basically has
done through all of my makeup it already
had huge gashes in it from what he did
like I don't know a year ago yes my
makeup it's not your makeup it's mommy's
makeup yes and you are filthy you have
to take another shower cause it's all
over you that was naughty mm-hmm that is
my morning just wait till your father
finds out just wait Holly are you taking
another shower
oh did you say sorry to mama good
morning guys
toddlers make what I'm mourning the loss
of your naked palette no I will probably
still use it I'll just gonna dump as
much as possible yeah this just what
happens when you have toddlers yes ah
blurs make everything interesting and
more fun
good morning Zuri how you doing girl
Zuri is getting so big do you see how
big she is no you guys she's also sits
in the Sun spot and just plays with her
tail it's the cutest thing but yeah even
after we got back from our trip I picked
her up and I was like she's heavier I
think she just had like a little growth
spurt or something cuz she's definitely
heavier and she's getting a little
bigger she's getting bulkier she's
turning into a really cool cat though
she's been warming up to us a lot
cuddling with us she actually sleeps
behind my dresser next to the bed all
night she sleeps at all night and when I
wake up she wakes up and then she crawls
all over us and it's super cute I just
love having a little kitty cat again
Zuri do you like living here you like
chillin in the Sun what's that what's
that like I'm listen if you guys hey
coma how's it going you all done basking
in the Sun as well I can always tell
when Karma's been in the Sun because he
just smells like Sun you know that smell
that you just smells like Sun it's
really wick
he's all nice and warm huh hey karma all
right you guys it is now lunchtime and
I'm very excited because this lunch and
this video is sponsored by blue apron
yummy
we got our blue apron box the other day
and I'm going to make a very delicious
lunch with all of these ingredients I
really love blue ribbon because it
allows you to create chef designed
recipes right at home and they deliver
all of the ingredients in exactly the
right proportions right to your doorstep
so you don't have to take any trips to
the grocery store and there's no waste
from unused ingredients
so this box actually has a couple of
different recipes and it's cool because
everything comes in this neat little bag
and they're huge cold things to keep
everything super fresh and yummy
so here's everything that's going in
this recipe we got onions fresh parsley
multicolored cherry tomatoes summer
sweet peppers tomato paste Parmesan
cheese this mascarpone cheese which is
delicious spreadable cheese really
excited to try that all the butter that
I'm gonna need we got fresh garlic
fettuccine noodles and one thing I love
about blue apron is their meats are such
good quality it's from tradesmen premium
cuts and it's ground chicken that we're
going to be using and blue apron is
hooking you guys up - which I love so
click that link down below in our
description box and the first 200 people
will get three meals free on their blue
apron order so it's a pretty sweet deal
who doesn't love free food got all my
ingredients and I'm ready to go
all right I am all done cooking my
chicken and cherry tomato Bolognese and
it smells delicious it looks delicious
and I gotta say that spreadable cheese
that I mix in with it was pretty dang
good this is actually also his lunch and
he's very excited and he's about to
crawl out of his seat and here we go
cherry tomatoes and peppers vegetables
fresh fettuccine YUM yeah that cheese I
added completely changed it at the last
minute and it looks so good and it is
actually very tasty
all right Bon Appetit buddy
hey all I guess what someone very
special is here you see yeah go get my
gun
uncle did you miss oh yeah oh yeah with
AirPlay nice I flew over here from
Chicago oh yeah yes my brother home and
we're so excited but he's been gone 10
weeks and he actually missed all his
birthday which really sucks and he
hasn't even met our kitten yet so and
he's a cat person so he's really excited
are you looking forward to it
ok I'm gonna go get it for ya founder
haha oh thank you Tony
that's me she's like who are you we love
her so much huh
she just likes to torment karma okay
I'll back off a bug I was like she's
like what you try and get me you want to
try and get me she's so tiny
oh my gosh look at that dad's riding it
he's doing it you just gotta go down the
bump it's okay it's like the easiest
bump dad you're someone I owe you did it
you did it it's okay yeah so speaking
about my dad he just brought over a
couple cool things that he made and I'm
like freaking out about him so first he
made this little ring and it's made of
wood and it's two different types of
wood what kind a hoggin e and poplar two
really hard complex okay so the really
hard wood and he basically like mixed
them together and made a little ring
it's perfectly it he says he did two
different kinds because my mom has one
kind and you made another
years had a - hardwoods moms of one
heart so it's like a mixture and then
you made this for Olli and of course we
haven't shown it to all I'm opposed keep
it up high and it'll be something he'll
just hold on to but it's really cool
check it out
he made a knife so this actually is the
holder it comes out like this it has
both the two woods as well and then
obviously it's got a little handle the
handle is made from one of the
rattlesnakes from our yard the snakeskin
that's like a cool thing for ollie
that's so cool
like my dad just made like a knife
you're like kind of amazing I'm in the
two woods together yeah sanded and all
cut in the shape and making the blade I
was trying to make an envelope cutter
but it's just too big it's so crazy huh
so as some of you may know you're
actually having a birthday party over
here tonight for Jeffrey and we're
really excited about it but ain't no
kids allowed party which means Ollie you
are gonna go hang out with Mimi and Papa
maybe a prep that sounds fun good you
hang out the hell's Kay and play with
lots of toys in pain yes good and I
don't think they're gonna friend your
birthday's not until next year he keeps
saying birthday next week anyway so I'm
picking out a couple of books for my mom
and dad to read to him so I'm gonna give
him something he hasn't read I hope
they're good he picked out a couple that
he usually likes my McGee be okay it's a
pigeon it's a little birdy and Mimi and
pop are gonna read you this book later
okay sound good you want to pick out any
other books in there maybe we'll get the
colors book then you can practice your
colors with Mimi and pop okay that's
pretty cool
all right you can keep these ones then
Kay why are you crawling you need to be
walking
you know walking's faster
let's end up right here and hold the gun
send up Oh
all right now walk to dinner walk
together there you go
no you don't need that come on I know he
can walk late he's being such a stubborn
little boy Vinnie come get the gun come
on goats denna you're too cute you are
too friggin cute dude with all his hair
he's been so much more vocal lately and
I feel like he's starting to look like a
like Olly when he was this age cuz of
all this curly blond hair so cute oh
what's that you must and he will walk
really good when you hold his hand like
this come on come on
good job keep walking keep going keep
going keep going keep going keep going
come on look at that wow that is a lot
of steps in the scene come on keep going
go to mama ah ha ha ha that was a lot
he's doing so good before you know it
you're gonna be riding around on the
hoverboard alright you guys I don't know
if Neeson told you what the party has
begun during 30 oh dude no kids allowed
stop dude look what we got you see I
gotta see minute that over his dad I'm
so basically and then we even have a
Concannon she needs a new day
karma is the first one to jump in the
pool so far I'm run around the
hoverboard everyone say hey everyone say
party have started and we're having fun
I miss Ollie he's that Mimi and Papa's
and Ben just went down to bed for the
night so we're going to have so much fun
out here and it feels amazing it's like
perfect day to do this
also we never take down the pool thing
which is normally like right there so
it's so cool riding the hoverboards
outside with no pool fence so much more
room for activities you guys we had a
super fun night with Jeffrey here we
actually didn't want a ton so make a big
check up it did make sure you check out
Jeffrey's vlog that John's a fan we had
a super fun night but make it give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
we'll see you guys some motor scrub if
you're new thank you guys so much for
throwing party yeah yeah I had so much
fun you deserve it
you are literally 30 90 by booth yes yes
all right birthday I got you right here
we go
bye
