oh look he's surrendered he threw it
he's like I am no match for this wizard
he might actually think you're a wizard
bro after what you show him today yeah I
might mess them a little bit yeah
wherever you are that's wherever wanna
be all
sauceman's that big
Oh
come to every
all right and I do wake up this little
guy and look okay Mimi and popper here
to help it's always nice when they come
in so I had to wake you up buddy it's
not enough time anyways you gotta wait a
little bit longer for your nap
right now ollie is asleep and I think
under those blankets is Finn he's asleep
too
so Missy and I are enjoying some kid
free time for a while peace and quiet I
actually just put all our travel so
where fish is going to play this lap do
see if you guys want to get tickets go
get them and come see us because we're
gonna have fun they're just trying to
like get some stuff done while the kids
are asleep because we actually have a
surprise for them when they wake up yes
we do
all right you guys the kids are now
awake and we have a very special
surprise but in order to get that
surprise we got to do a little YouTube
magic you ready all right three two one
yeah yes absolutely yes look who's here
you guys is key do a little magic
ourselves to summon you here but
probably it's a lot better for you cuz
you don't have to drive all the way up
here teleportation was on point for sure
traveling of the future exactly just how
we do things on our Channel yeah Colin's
key is here and you guys know how I am
about magic I am so excited so he's
gonna do a little bit of magic for us
and the kids and if you guys do not know
Collin has a YouTube channel right here
so if you go into the link down below in
description click it subscribe to Collin
if you were gonna be doing a video later
today with him as well so you should see
that up there too home on and I'm so
excited
thanks for being here brah salute I
think guys for having them use magic
okay
so uh perfect the first thing we'll
start off with is I'll show you guys how
a magician makes money does first of all
just follow on a buzzer get a few bucks
yeah - crazy enough for like a happy
meal yeah exactly open two three four
five so check it out this is the time
edition make money right here if I take
these bills here we can have it miss you
what I want you to do is just wave your
hand over the bills on the count of
three ready one two three go for it like
that so check it out there you go that's
for you that's for you that's for you
now yeah that's like that somebody
should make butter I do thank you yeah
absolutely talents and Friends pays off
exactly yes yeah so that's how much is
made under I do need to collect this IRS
get really matter all right
oh look he's surrendered he threw it
he's like I am no match for this wizard
he might actually think you're a wizard
bro after what you show him today
yeah I might mess with him a little bit
yeah little game I made up the name of
this game is called follow the Queen and
so I am doing this follow one card
follow the Queen my job is to distract
you that's my only job so okay do that I
have a card to help me out I've got a
four and I'm also going to use out one
more identical four
so get your job and just follow the
Queen don't get distracted by the two
identical 4 so right now point to a make
sure we're all on the same page
Queen it okay there we go hold your hand
follow this so walk right here I'm going
to the Queen watch we go one two three
that's when it happens all your tensions
over here but yeah turn it over so
you've actually got a little guys
haven't you got the Queen over here in
this hand so that's that's what happens
you gotta be super careful how you watch
if your things up pulling
a hand for me hold out your hand okay I
probably right over here and then check
us out you got the Queen before this
right ready cool that's what happens
when to the plate when to the Queen see
that that's a for them yeah you're
holding turn over use up on the bed now
he's up on the vacation Oh got the
chills
check us out now if you're gonna walk
right here you ready for which which one
of that the for you always got to watch
a queen no matter where it's at turn
over the Queen's right there so this has
to be a four and if it's not a for I'm
gonna right now
first of all question I have for you
guys if you believe like as humans that
we're all connected if you were a circle
of life this circle it like yes like
everything right now you get to point to
one of our hand point to whichever hand
you want me yes point one uh that's one
okay make a loose fist like this one
drop everyone else drop your hands check
so I'm gonna take a marker right here
you can drop this event okay take the
marker I'm going to draw a little X on
my hand all right
okay little bit really connection coming
to the watch I got the X right here in
my hand
check this out I'm not gonna need a look
at this I was gonna typically pinch it
right off my hand I'm not gonna go and
I'm not going to anyway I'm not going to
touch you watch go one two three no I
want you to turn over your hands and
open it up to my wife okay it marker oh
my gosh like I can just yeah dude yeah
yes my mom I wanna see me go to magical
kiss now yeah yeah let's freak them out
ever do it
if you guys know what magic is no do you
know how on all your TV shows and movies
like magical things always happen yeah
well we have a real wizard in the house
and he's gonna be doing some cool magic
for you you want to see I'm gonna do a
tree together first
all right high five high five high
okay you can see your sunglasses here
I'll get rubbing hands right where we
can deliver it when you leave it and I
only count where you gonna put your
hands at the sunglasses you ready one to
be put aside lastly imagine them moving
okay wait wait the sunglasses only point
I offer you got pointless opinion you
guys are magic man did you see that
Ollie
we have the two and then once if you
take the two just wave it
wait the tool and this imagine it
becoming the king imagine becoming the
king and then turn it over you want to
try it ready watch take the tube wait
wait wait wait wait wait wait
yeah look and I turn it over not turn it
over what is it
Wow it's a Chan watch the sticks right
here hold it your hand and then you grab
on the other side of the six here grab
on to it
yeah and then shake it all together
shake it take a city shake shake it and
then turn over
oh you guys are magic
all right guys Colin's got something
cool for you you ready yeah ready you
guys gonna watch you ready fish ready
what was that don't try that at home
we tried an only trained professional so
cool hey can you guys say Thank You
Collins with your group hug
goop hug I love you guys ha
thanks bro for doing magic and blowing
our minds this was fun all right you
guys it's time for cones to say goodbye
but I want to let you know that we
actually did a baby food challenge over
on his channel things got really gross
how many times did I throw up bro Oh a
lot it was fun though the baby food
challenge with babies yes so go check
out that video it's also on this channel
on a link down below in the description
you can also click the little eye over
here and check it out thanks for coming
out thank you guys you got some of my
people watching this video make sure you
subscribe to them like oh my god love
them and their family so yeah these guys
did the best of the best love them
thanks bro all right well should we make
him disappear yeah all right ready 2 1
and his gun miss : yeah go that was
amazing that was so much fun I was
pretty freaked out he is incredibly he
is so incredibly talented you guys know
I'm a pig so I am feeding watering the
chicks right now actually this one's out
hey come here
it's like we turned you back in there
like really wanted out they were like
bombarding me so I let him like wander
out for a little bit but then they
wanted back in Hey
so funny and this one what do you guys
think what's the verdict she has not
like cockadoodle dude yet but that's
pretty red and there's definitely a
little dangly do so you guys have to
tell me what you guys think is it a he
or isn't a she I'm bummed because we
basically only got good two layers one
of them is Lynette and the other one is
Bree the red if Lynette ends up being a
boy then we only have one good egg layer
Susan will just probably like lay little
tiny
eggs and not very many so I'm super
bummed I've done all this work I've lost
a couple chickens in the process and I'm
basically down pulling one good egg
layer if when that ends up being Ola no
all right you've got fresh water fresh
food and let me know also
you chicken experts really want to let
them like wander around my grass a
little bit but I'm so afraid of hawks
like they are the hawk Circle around
here I'm very afraid that they could
just like pick them up and like leave
with them so eventually they'll have a
bigger space within the next couple
weeks a well but I don't know if I can
even let them wander around the yard or
not you guys let me know if that's
actually an option or not all right you
guys that is all for today's video but
seriously be sure you go check out
Colin's channel and subscribe to him
he's a super awesome dude he puts up a
really awesome content in the video that
we did over there is hilarious so please
go check him out we had a blast today I
hope you guys did too if you did be sure
to give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment and we
will see you guys manana for another day
fine
you
