oh good you me oh you got my feet oh
that's whatever wanna be sad big
I'm
yo it
good morning guys this morning I am
actually headed out on a top-secret
mission for the wife well it's not
really a secret because I'm just going
to tell you so it's kind of just a
normal mission that the public has an
access to the details of since I'm going
to share those details with you uh-huh
I'm just going to Starbucks she wanted
some Starbucks this morning so I decided
to go get her some but it is a beautiful
day here in sunny Southern California
and I am still just kind of buzzing from
last night being in the studio day one
of recording vocals for my new album us
pets so much fun I think you guys are
going to be pretty surprised when you
hear some of the stuff we've been
working on we're also gonna get Missy in
the studio too I think that definitely
needs to happen don't you I really
pushed myself vocally yesterday but my
voice feels great today I don't have any
mucus or runny nose or anything like
that so I'm feeling pretty good although
I am feeling a little lethargic kind of
like lazy I really didn't want to get
out of bed this morning I kind of just
want to lay down so I think I needed to
see some sunshine sunshine is nature's
medicine you guys look at these blue
skies target aquired ladies and
gentlemen mission accomplished good
morning and Brian is on a business call
right now my mom and dad just headed
over and thing is basically walking at
this point and he just walked pretty far
so I'm gonna go ahead and vlog it and
see if he can do it again Wow
then we'll only walk to me though he's
like there's no reason for me to walk to
anyone else I just want to walk to you
good job my friend good jump
Wow all right say bye Dino see you later
oh hi my little walking boy should we
just let you walk to the store and we'll
meet you there since you're such a good
Walker now you're like Walker Texas
Ranger Walker huh I cannot believe how
good Finn has been doing with his
walking so cool the crawling is just a
little faster now huh I just got out of
a to our financial call which was
extremely boring I feel like my head is
gonna explode so we're all gonna head
out as a family actually Finn needs some
new clothes so we're gonna go check out
some new digs for you okay dude he said
I want cool clothes dad we'll make sure
you get cool clothes all right we have
made it to the mall and like Brian said
Finn is growing out of all of his
clothes he's growing so fast right now
that I can't keep up so I still have
some of his like three three to six
months clothes in his closet and which
efficient sometimes he fits in them but
sometimes he's like busting out the
seams so it's definitely time and I
actually don't think I've ever really
done like a shopping spree for him
because cubed he's been like wearing his
brothers clothes and people said
obviously bought him clothes when he was
a baby Tilly and they usually buy up to
like six months or so anyways so it's
he's definitely do so we're gonna make a
trip down here grab him some new clothes
and holy crap it's hot I feel like if
they like to win through the heat to get
to this but guess what we did so always
I'm asleep on the way here which he does
really good when we transfer him but we
transferred in this is the first time
we've ever done this mission like that a
city select stroke yes so he got all
like completely in a laying down
position right here that's pretty cool
but she was like been sitting upright
here yep it's cool he's like looking at
his brother
hey this is pretty cool huh and then
here is Ali
passed out completely in a laying
position I kind of wish Ben could play
back too but maybe he could stroller is
ginormous I know we're literally like
those people now Missy this kids either
sleeping through our entire shopping
trip and he's not been born at all
what's up you just jinxed it alright we
are hitting up Old Navy and we also hit
up hmm and it's crazy because our kids
are getting older and so we're looking
at bigger sizes and different stores and
we're like Ali has such cool stuff so
fun like all eating out and like fit
into like cool clothes i hn f in is
extremely happy because he has food and
he was waving to me a second ago can you
wave Ben hey hi oh wait let me get the
raisin first then can you wave hi oh
good job the cuties waving oh and uh
Leah still passed out so this has been a
pretty cool shopping trip all right guys
we just made a Disney Store trip because
Missy had to get a couple of things yeah
we got boost and beauty because that's
coming out next month next month it's
coming out so she's like this like her
all-time favorite Disney movie guys and
then we had to get the clock and Lumiere
what is his name Cogsworth yeah in
Lumiere
like playroom shelf and just have them
like this place
yeah oh they're cool yes we walked in
the Disney Store they have all types of
buting the V stuff and Missy was
fangirling the whole time she almost
bought a size 10 Belle costume haha just
kidding you could probably fit in one of
them though huh I don't know what that
is maybe making hits now pretzel break
and Finn is now walking so good look at
this
come on walk and get a pretzel you're
such a talented little boy I mean that
was like ten steps that's awesome
this is about to leave the nest he sees
a cute little girl over there he's about
to leave the nest
there he goes No
he's being so vocal to do not wake your
brother up then you'll be in so much
trouble you'll have to look after him
look at that ah this kid
there you go there you go over to the
table it's what he's been doing there we
go
here he comes here he comes here he
comes here we go oh good job buddy
maybe they put something those pretzels
all right Ellie what color do you want
okay we are grabbing a bunch of balloons
from literally the bunch of balloons but
to know we're just gonna do one big one
okay it'll be more than cubed yeah look
at all the different colors that we have
I think that's awesome
you got these squares birthday you want
to play with water balloons all right
I'm gonna fill hot with you for you
oh hey Zuri how you doing did you miss
us while we were gone it's not morning
say hi Zuri if you're gentle maybe
she'll let you pet her you want me get
her I hate to break it to you kitty you
can just get her
not cool Ollie over here take it to the
grass it is insanely hot out here
Wow look at Finn he crawled up here on
his own
oh nice ollie
Oh Oh spring back memories when we did
water balloons at the old house nice
yeah
all he did not like it hey we don't get
your brother but we get it oh you got my
shadow
mrs. picking him off as we throw them
professor oh nice
get her get her
Oh
I saw it they're all guy was that fine
now we gotta clean this all up
all you doing some fishing with Zuri
whoo got one okay I'll get this one here
you try use that one
this is adorable they're playing
together you guys try it Kitty try and
get one Kitty I don't know if they're
he's afraid of them or what oh she's
trying to get one it's that time a night
we're putting kids to bed
Missy's rockin Finn to sleep right now
time to wind down huh yeah you want to
watch Superman yeah I love watch part
paw Patrol
he's so obsessed with profitable you
guys aren't you I just give me kiss hey
Ollie who's your favorite character on
paw patrol badly Batman's not in paw
patrol yeah I thought you liked chase
okay yeah chase what does chase say um
chase - ah okay Chase is on the case
that's awesome Matt not tied uh it is
night time yeah it is yeah it is
unfortunately I need to watch Pudge you
need to watch paw Patrol yeah if you
watch a little episode before bed okay
all right I think that's all for today's
video but all I guess what today your
video with auntie goes up yeah so if you
guys want to see Ollie over on auntie's
channel go check it out you guys made a
volcano remember that and what happened
um it's logged out I felt how did lava
come out of it
how big was it was the goal something
like that so you have you guys want to
go check out auntie's new video I'll
have it down below in the description so
you guys can check it out also I wanted
to announce that we are going to be at
playlist live DC so if you guys are in
the DC area and you guys wanted to go to
play this lot go check it out because
we'd love to see yeah I'm gonna be
performing and we're gonna be doing a
couple of other things in the area and
it would be cool to see you guys so go
get
tickets alright thank you guys for
watching so much we'll see you manana
oli what do you say
