I'm going to brew myself some throat
coat tea I don't know what to do with
the strings now because the flame is
rather large so so I'm just gonna put
them there and hope they stay oh oh they
caught on fire whatever you are that's
whatever wannabe all
you
you never know
Oh
hold around
good morning guys so I woke up this
morning I had all these plans I was
going to clean my house and do the
dishes unpack my suitcase all you know
run the store and then I went pee and it
was like brown and there was like blood
in it so I quickly thought well maybe
I'm dehydrated so I drink a bunch of
water and it's a little bit lighter now
but it's still brown so I'm pretty like
freaked out so I put Finn down left the
boys at home to grab my mom we're going
to Urgent Care so I'm like cuz I'm the
fun way to spend a Saturday yeah but
it's so weird I don't understand so
hopefully it's nothing to bay with you
means how are you what are you watching
paw patrol paw Patrol
be there on the double I know you do
good morning guys it is Saturday you got
Saturday cartoons going Missy had to run
off to Urgent Care she was having some
weird things happen this morning I
really hope she's okay tall she's gone I
am tackling this the dishes we've been
neglecting them for a few days so
there's some gross things in there but
I'm working my way through it
hi karma I really love your haircut time
I got a haircut yesterday and he's still
rocking that cool bandana karma got a
haircut oh you did a while ago you're
pretty much due though I think next week
you're getting another haircut kay do
you like Karma's haircut give me a big
hug say good morning Karma Finn is awake
and participating in playroom fun I
repeat
Finn is awake and participating in
playroom fun couple days ago I jacked up
my throat by throwing up all night
because I ate something funny my throat
has still been trying to recover so I
got some of this stuff it's called
singers soothing throat spray and it
tastes like death but hopefully it works
because my throat definitely still hurts
I'm definitely not able to get into my
range my normal range I'm gonna be the
studio on Monday so I'm gonna try it I
also got these things that looks scary
too they're called blackcurrant
breathless pass deals for throat and
voice with glycerin and fruit juice
made in Switzerland look at these I was
not expecting this when I opened it
they're like little pieces of rubber but
I tried them they're actually not super
bad tasting I don't know if it did much
for my voice but just gonna add it to
the list of remedies uh um I actually
didn't have to spend too much time at
the doctors but we are still a little
stumped so basically I gave her a sample
and she did find that there was blood in
my urine but I'm not testing positive
for like a UTI or anything so she was
like unless you have like a kidney stone
that was too small for you to feel
because I have no other symptoms nothing
I have no pain no fever is nothing
unless I like had a kidney stone that I
didn't feel and but it caused some issue
on its way out but I'm gonna keep an eye
on it cuz she says it seemed a little
too dark for like being dehydrated so I
don't know I'm definitely a little
freaked out about it hopefully just goes
away and I won't see it again so hi you
see out there
Papa's out there we are officially
taking apart the Fed thing that me and
my dad did together which was super fun
and I'm really bummed about it but it's
just not gonna work for these chickens
they're living here right now which I
need to clean out their cage today
that's one of my chores which they
actually do really well in this and I
really like that they're close to the
house I would hear anything if something
like happens they're actually like right
next to my bedroom even so I really like
them in here but they need a little bit
more space so we have a professional
coming to build a little coop over here
for us but for now we have to take all
that down which is super bummer but
gotta happen
all right the chickens cage is all clean
I've got those fresh water food and I
think they're actually appearing now
let's see what they're doing hello
ladies oh one just hop down hi guys
Lynette is down here and you guys I'm a
little worried I feel like she is pretty
big for him I'm starting to get worried
I mean I've been worried since like we
got her but I definitely worried that
she is actually a he anyway so I got my
stuff done now I'm working I puzzle and
I show you guys my progress ready
that is I am so close to being done so I
think about all this got a couple pieces
that are missing so basically I just
have like all up here and then the sky
which is kind of the hardest I even got
the rainbow done but this all right
I literally try and work on this every
second that I can when I have free time
and it is so much but I get we might
about to finish it I don't know if I'm
about to finish it next next part
probably gonna take me the longest
because it's like all sky but so fun
it's been really fun having like a
little little side project and I was
able to fix all of all these little
mistake pretty easily so that's good
yeah just cut back from a little little
shopping trip and I also got some fresh
snips my guy drive it Travis did
something a little bit different tell me
if you guys can tell or if you like it
or what's up baby you like it
yeah so they're talking about filming
music videos for the album at the end of
September and I think that I'm going to
have Travis on set like cut my hair
everyday and style it everyday so it
looks really cool cuz he does it so
perfect you know I can never get it look
like this what are you doing
hottie with a body he's gonna go
swimming with a baby all right Finny
you're gonna go swimming little boy a
little boy a little boy a little boy a
little boy a little boy while they are
swimming I'm going to brew myself some
throat coat tea because my throat is
still healing from that night of violent
terror where I was throwing up on it I
don't know what to do with the strings
now because the flame is rather large so
maybe do I have to wait well I can't
wait now because I just did it while it
was boiling so I'm just gonna put them
there and hope they stay let stay
I don't know as you can tell I'm a tea
novice I don't really do tea a whole lot
oh oh um they caught on fire um okay
it's gonna tip those in there um that's
all my problem because now the teabags
are just floating in there is that how
you do it am i doing it right cuz it's
kind of gonna taste like burnt string
too
crap you guys suck at this Oh some of
you guys are probably like what the heck
are you doing
no no but I'm gonna fish it out
Hollywood we get pizza grab a slice
you like that side oh yeah it's so funny
mozzie knows how to open the pizza box
and grab PETA would you like some help
we're gonna eat outside tonight because
it's such a beautiful night feeling good
out here
you got your pizza buddy so all I need
to know what you're wearing right now
oh who dressed you and pop like a Papa
did that explains a whole lot huh yeah
all right is cold good pizza yeah it's
the only people he likes
get the monster just finished dinner and
Olli and Auntie are looking for monsters
you can't find a monster I think there's
one in that tree is there one in that
tree okay go get a gun
go all you got a big gun okay you gotta
shoot the monsters I'll shoot the
monsters yeah you can't shoot him there
in that tree yeah fire
we literally just have this fine and
like vine in the sky but we've done this
entire sky it would basically consist of
nope nope nope no idea every single one
who's they all look exactly the same
my dad came up with a method though you
have to separate the puzzle pieces and
so we had them all in piles so we had
classics we had form four ways we in
crazy ways go by the different shape
difference was a classic yes this was a
crazy leg right no that's a four-way oh
um crazy lady's like this one right it's
got to have the two little crazy legs at
the Baha I know what the cremation
canons made nothing sir he's doing
really good she's got lots of energy
she's clearly not in pain yeah you can't
really do that with a Bengal oh she
looks so big I feel like she's getting
bigger I think she's getting fat I think
we feed her too much tax regulate their
own food
I know Musti I once had a friend in high
school who had like a 50 pound cat so I
don't know if that's true yeah yeah
she's one kid Oh sweetie no chill out
that is looking pretty cool I you gonna
finish it tonight
oh yeah we've spawned many times that
there is a missing puzzle piece but
we've always found them but this one is
definitely I don't know no it's a
classic we always we always think this
and they always come up but we're pretty
much yes funny alright next clip is
going to be the completed puzzle you
ready
and then comfortable yes it's all done
it's got a couple flaws this one we call
the fin and this one we call it ollie
this is just gone it's so sad but I love
it I'm so happy I'm so excited to
actually did a puzzle a thousand pieces
well 909 thing but I'm really actually
excited about it if I wasn't missing
those pieces I'd be I totally quote
together but now who can it really look
like I don't I still don't understand
the whole displaying puzzle thing like
really just doesn't like even if it was
yeah I guess it's just hard to take
apart a puzzle after you do it I think
it's pretty easy yeah ah spank your
bottom yeah it actually it's kind of
cool because they have like secrets in
it so watch
there's Tinkerbell there's Pinocchio
there's the rats from Cinderella there's
guests on and yeah there's a bunch of
like little like sneaky characters in
here
alright guys we're gonna call it a night
I'm gonna George a video if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
leave a good comment
check out all those links Surrey senior
night Cherise his nanny I'm gonna say
midnight at least a night oh he is so
tired all right all I say bye
