good morning Zuri we got to go on
another trip to the vet today okay
be a good girl
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all since that big
Oh
come around
good morning guys I am once again taking
Zuri to the vet this morning she
actually just has a procedure that she
needs to get done everything's gonna be
okay okay Zuri yesterday when I took her
in this carrier she was kind of not
having it and really upset scratching at
binding on it so today actually had the
bat gave me like wipes that are
pheromone wipes so I wiped the whole
inside of the carrier why about 15
minutes ago and it's supposed to like
calm them a little more and I have to
say I think it actually might be working
because she's just sniffing oh I know
all right I gotta go it's so early in
the morning guys
oh good morning surfing again how are
you he's like oh my name is him again oh
I just dropped your kitty cat off at the
vet yeah she'll be back later today
though okay
how you doing Finny how's it going tell
me about life how are you what are your
goals what are your hopes and desires
and dreams well you want that little
present up there okay but momma said you
have to do something nice for Mama or
data before you can open it okay so why
don't you clean up your playroom why
because your legs are broken
all right well apparently he can't clean
up his playroom because his legs are
broken
that's quite unfortunate at ollie Benny
can you help him clean up his playroom
what are you chewing on one of those
boom Co darts let me see that let me see
that
that is not for chewing he's like yes it
is oh you boys Holly how'd you sleep
get a good night's rest all right clean
up your toys clean up clean up everybody
everywhere hey Ollie what was in that
present you opened it is a dinos eggs
and what did we do Amy put in
yeah so we put the Dino eggs in the
water yeah and now what a maybe huh they
wait to hatch what color is that Dino a
Galli
green yeah and then there's also an
orangish yellow one so now we're just
gonna watch those eggs hatch huh yeah it
takes a couple days oh wow so maybe
we'll check on it tomorrow okay you need
to see when it happens so you're gonna
sit there for 48 hours
yeah alright sit there for 48 hours
stare at the diner wigs let me know if
anything happens okay okay okay there's
a little Finny monster down here doing
something what are you doing kiddo
playing with the dinosaur anything does
scooch on the floor we'll say it feels a
little quiet around here that we're not
hearing Zuri's little tinkling Bell
jingling tingly tingly we don't pick her
up till later today so what no they got
a hatch on their own okay yeah just be
patient okay
well someone couldn't wait to 24 to 48
hours could we yeah what kind is that
Aptos let me see oh yeah that's a
triceratops I think you know let's leave
that one in there okay yes I believe
that is a little triceratops it's my mom
I did that time no that's a baby one
yeah let's put it in the water with the
other one that you couldn't wait to
hatch all right I'm gonna need you to
clean up all that shell now okay good
morning guys
alright I'm gonna give you the update on
my puzzle as you guys know yesterday was
a bit of a disaster with oli tearing
apart my puzzle which was quite
devastating like I felt like I was gonna
cry I
no I was like really mad at him but the
same time like not like he knew I spent
like five hours
- and Fuzzle he just was like I wanna
make a mess so it's kind of hard to like
punish a kid when they're just being a
kid but he did get in trouble so I I'm
doing pretty good in public I'm not even
care about this puzzle but I am obsessed
with it I love it I try and do it
anytime I've got a little free time
which is not a lot huh cuz you like to
take up a lot of my time huh but I'm
going to show you guys what I've done
alright this is how far I've gotten so I
basically was able to fix all that I've
got a couple little pieces missing but
as you can tell it basically got all
like the main part of the puzzle done
the easy parts the parts that are more
easily differentiated but yeah I'm
excited it's coming together every time
like this and I'm like he's gotta be
missing pieces because I've looked at
these puzzle pieces a million times and
there's nothing that matches but I seem
to always find them so karma you've got
a very special appointment today
hey keep it that down got that thank you
you are getting your hair done yeah yes
I've got a mobile pet groomer that just
pulled up and go ahead and take him out
he's getting shaved and he really needs
it he is just so fluffy and the hairs
actually just I don't know it just I
just really wouldn't get shaved it which
looks like much neater nicer prettier
dog but I do love his hair but let's go
ahead and get you shaved okay that way
you can live in our house just kidding
come on baby I know
did not want to take the trip up to the
house because she's afraid she wouldn't
be able to do like a u-turn for
background I'm
and the hell to get James you ready boy
alright crime I see you later
see in like an hour K because y'all you
guess what Karma's ready yeah let's go
get him you ready to see him and see how
handsome he looks he got a haircut okay
yeah I got to tell him how nice his
haircut is okay okay let's go Carmi yeah
you look so handsome
tell him how good his haircut looks here
you go crap and stinky car all right I
just got to the vet get ready to pick up
Zuri I gotta grab Finn and go in I hope
he did good I hope she's feeling okay
and she's not too groggy all right Missy
is picking up Zuri from the vet and
Allie what are we doing Pete's dragon
we're gonna go watch Pete's dragon in 3d
Ollie can you say 3d yeah are you
excited
hey Ollie what color is Pete's dragon
green yeah you wanna go see that movie
that's what we're doing all right we got
popcorn and snacks and we're wearing our
3d glasses whoa what's that oh that is a
secret life of pets crane game huh they
gave him 3d glasses and they're just his
size I'm so excited Ollie I like your
glasses
hi Zuri how you doing are you happy you
okay not too happy right now she looks
okay though she did good
I'll get you out when we get home okay
all right here's our little Zuri she's
like super happy she seems to be doing
pretty good she's got this little
bandage on her leg where the ID was they
said we can take it off pretty soon
Karma's kind of taunting in her like
haha you had the day huh huh or a girl
they just said that she needs to stay in
like a confined area for a couple days
just to make sure she's not like running
around something stuff like that and to
make sure that she doesn't lick her
little sutures which she says she's done
really good and hasn't like licked him
and all but she's wearing this little
like balloon thing to help her from
being able to reach back there and make
it so as long as she doesn't like start
to like try and do that or freak out
then maybe she can wear this but I might
going to take it off if she doesn't mine
all right little girl
how you feeling she's like get this
thing off of me first of all I might
take it off of her I don't think she
needs it on high feeling she's like I
don't play at this I mean I guess as
long as she doesn't move around too much
it just hits it maybe not right now okay
he's already eaten and I've seen her
drink water it's awesome yeah I made her
a little bed just in the little cabinet
so that she can kind of get away and not
feel like she needs like jump up too
high because she's not really supposed
to be jumping
she seems to be doing good I haven't
seen her like meh so it's a her stitches
at all and she's got her potty and
hopefully these two days go fast and she
loves being out and she's gonna be like
locked up so I feel bad but they also
want her to get better and not have to
like have any like issues because she
was running around so all righty we are
out of the movie we saw Pete's dragon it
was so good and I'm here with videos
children crowd so
these cute little kids pair of 3d
glasses which I think it's amazing by
the way I didn't know they did that
anymore how long have I didn't really
did that about me and Brian always
couple Andrews out because this doesn't
make really cool black brains sometimes
yes food right now hey Olli hey go make
him really cool ready they're really
strong okay break up or die make it
really cool yeah put him on I like what
I'm on put in mine tell me what you see
oh my gosh you look like Clark Kent
what the heck yeah yeah I broke it they
look so fake are actually really cute on
him you look cool dude
she had a little surgery I see she has a
little band-aid and she got a little
surgery right there so she can't have
any babies no baby kittens yep baby
getting we're just gonna have her okay
everything's up tink I need food oh I
gave her food she yeah I gave her food
and water just cuz you didn't see Missy
do it doesn't mean she didn't do it Olly
oh she missed you so much
just burn so loud
you miss her yeah yeah I'm not sure if
we said but we we got cerise paid today
so she can't have any little babies and
she just has to recover it'll just be
like three or four days wait good as new
hey oli do you want to end the vlog with
Zuri all right see thanks for watching
give it a thumbs up
paws up we'll see you guys manana do I
say bye Boop - Zuri okay go ahead
you
