come here you want the pink unicorn Oh
grab the remote bring it over here oh
he's like how dare you I don't know if
that counts wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe all
oh good thinking
comes around
good morning guys I am up and ready for
the day last night I was up quite a bit
throwing up I don't think I'm like sick
or anything I think I just ate something
funny last night for dinner must have
been always just how it is my stomach is
just not very strong so if anything I
eat is questionable at all I'm just
throwing up very fiercely all night
so this morning I'm feeling pretty weak
my throat was pretty raw day one of
vocals at my album is in a couple of
days I'm hoping that my throat can heal
before then but ironically enough I'm
not headed to the doctor today but I
have to take Zuri to the doctor sorry
it's very confused she's like why am I
going I don't want to go I like it here
just got used to being here what the
heck okay Zuri we're just going in for a
quick physical all right ollie I gotta
take Zuri to the doctor kay
no she doesn't have an owie
no she seems to get checked out poor
Zuri is so confused about what's going
on she's just meowing and trying to get
out of the crate you Kelly you Oh baby
girl
go get her Zuri we made it how you
feeling after that car ride pretty
confused he said just a let her out and
let her roam wherever she wants so
that's what I'm doing
good morning guys Brian just got back
from taking that Zuri to the doctor and
he brought back some done this just that
bucks YUM I was actually really craving
this guy they wanna say anything and
they brought it back for me thank you
yeah I mean the boys have just been
playing outside the last morning or all
morning we just like been getting dirty
they're both filthy right now look at
this kid he's eating a little pumpkin
bread but look at his face
you're so filthy but yeah it's been
really fun so weather's been so nice
like not too hot lately so it's just
been so fun and just sit and play
outside and hang out with karma and do
all kinds of fun stuff you been having
fun okay so having two kids and a dog
and a brand-new kitten means that from
time to time you have accidents so today
we actually had a carpet cleaner come he
shampooed all the carpets and cleaned
them all up so it's not like this cool
like geometric pattern going on now
that's always nice especially when you
have kids and you just feel like there's
just gross this everywhere you can't
clean it up properly it's like kind of
like a starting over point so today I
brought out this game it's called the
sneaky snacky squirrel game and I'm
really excited about it we've never
really played this game and I tried to
play games with him in the past and he's
just kind of crazy but I think this will
be really good to start teaching him how
to like kind of be like strategic it
actually this game is really cool
because the point of it is to match the
colors with like the holes on your
little gem of the tree and you play yeah
so and it's actually a different couple
things so it's it helps with his fine
motor skills so he'll be able to pick it
up the Acorn he has to place it on the
matching hole and then it also teaches
them to like take turns and like how to
play games basically so I'm really
excited to kind of start like
introducing games like this so we're all
gonna play a game while FinTech snap
are you excited Rowley okay here we go
okay so oli gets to spin the spinner
first good job
okay loom a blue I need you guys blue
yeah so you get to take your little
squirrel
you got to pick up a blue acorn and then
you got to put it on the Blue Hole okay
okay and you're gonna kind of hold it
down here so that you can squeeze it
nice and hard to pay can you pick up a
blue one yeah okay what Oh colors that
one
oh that's actually purple yeah yeah over
here and try and find the blue ACORN
try and find that blue one only it's
colored oh no that one's purple where's
the blue line oh good good job now put
it in your blue hole hole with the
tweezers okay we can do like that good
job job ollie yet sigh oh one final it's
mom's turn now ready
that means that the squirrel sneeze and
you blew all my egg runs back in the
tree but I don't even have any corn so
doesn't matter my spin look purple all
right some knees my tweezers yeah
I'm gonna pick up up purple one yeah
that's purple see how it's purple yeah
not same color and I'm gonna put it
right there on the stump yeah good job
alright you get to spin now I squirrel
alright this girl skips your turn hand
it to mama it's Mama's turn now that's
just how the game works sometimes
anyone an apron that you want now which
color do you need in here I need back
yellow yellow see that's a yellow color
for all he's going in for the win
good job yellow ACORN where's it go
right there good job Olli yeah clap your
hands
yeah one so we just finished the game
and only actually one he won I was
adorable baby thank you game it really
practices their fine motor skills
matching colors yeah and he was also
getting to the point where he's like
Mama's turn daddy's turn my turn yeah he
was starting to understand it teacher
what a cute game all right Ali pulled
out another toy from the bathroom this
is the boom Co and this is actually a
present from Jeffrey not cool yeah you
so excited so I took it all out loaded
up all the bullets into this thing which
go here we're gonna fire a couple of
rounds hey Olli since this is a present
from Jeffrey and he's on his way over
here to get some work done we're gonna
send him a really special thank-you when
he comes in okay no you're gonna hold it
and you're gonna thank him k okay Olli
I'm going to show you how to shoot it
okay alright so you're gonna crank it
forward and then crank it back and then
pull the trigger just like that wasn't
loaded
it's properly loaded now you ready Olli
watch Singh fires hard you want to do it
okay grab those two darts and I'll
reload them for you no no let you do it
right hand right there
don't hold pull the trigger yet put the
other hand right there and what you want
to do is you want to crank down like
that and then up now pull the trigger
woo see crank it down hey I don't know
he's old enough for this and then wait
put your other hand over here you can't
let go oh right there pull up now fire
good job okay crank it back good job now
pull it up no you can't shoot yet
pull it up
pull it back mark there you go now shoot
whoo I don't know if he's gonna be able
to do it still seems a little
complicated he would rather just pretend
huh all right time for a little bit of
target practice oh okay
Geoffrey just got here he's eating so
we're gonna go in my special hello hey
this is the gun I got you for your
birthday
yeah we decided to say thank you I gave
that to you
I got it in your food bro and no
batteries it's just air all right
Missy's gonna Kardashian it up with me
in front of our new ring like why does
it make you look better than dark um
it's the way the light hits you I don't
know why because my face does not look
like yeah I look really good we look
good this is really awkward yeah I'm
really good like yeah it actually makes
me feel alive hey everybody come and see
how good we look see look no not that
good you can see the bags under my eyes
beautiful ugly yeah I installed Missy's
new ring light for her videos looks
really good
this has been filming some videos
putting a bunch together for she kind of
comes back on her channel I have a kid
yelling because he's the potty you have
to go potty
yeah you have to go party all right
let's go party so Finn just woke up from
his nap and actually he slept so good he
slept a solid three hours which is
amazing and now Ollie is down for a nap
and I think Brian's probably got a nap
with him because he went how it just
hasn't been feeling good all day since
being sick last night so hopefully a
little rest will help but I think I'm
gonna film a little update with Finn but
I also want to show you guys my puzzle
because I know I miss blogging about it
yesterday it starting to look so good
and really coming together so let me
show ya bum bum yes okay so I've got
this part all dead I've got Beauty and
the Beast got the castle almost all done
and I've definitely got like the major
sections then I soft and work on like
the which part is that like the bridge
and stuff and it's the parts that I'm
missing now are like the hard parts were
like they all look exactly the same
they're all just like this pale blue
pink color so it's gonna get really hard
but hopefully I can just start working
off little pieces at a time but I love
is looking so good I'm kind of bummed
that I didn't um do it with like one of
those little puzzle like pads that you
can like roll it up or or like a board
that I can move it around because I
don't know what I'm gonna do once it's
done I don't know if I can like move it
after that so I guess we'll see but I'm
really really excited with how it's
coming together looks good really hurt
my feelings Olli what do you do Ollie
he's gonna show me the damage what you
made a mess no what happened
he crawled upon
puzzles Oh Ollie mama was working really
hard on that that's a bad thing to do
okay again it's not nice you know what I
was my puzzle I had what you messing
with it yeah I'm sorry babe just another
challenge that you can take on I believe
in you toddlers are crazy they make life
interesting don't cry
oh babe it's okay then can you you want
the pink unicorn Oh grab the remote
bring it over here oh he's like how dare
you you got this bro you got this always
after something else stand up and walk
like a real man Missouri how's it going
baby girl you are good oh no I'm sorry I
don't know if that counts ha ha ha I'm
not sure if that counts
Suri come here let's show me a new toy
oh she's like oh yeah I love dish one I
remember my grandma used to have one of
these and she'd play with her cat bugs
all the time with it and it was the
coolest thing we put a little cat up in
the middle too I'm not sure if she's
like really into it but she still hasn't
quite figured out how to move the ball
on her own - she kinda just catches it
whoo yesterday and today have been
really good days of Zuri she's kind of
opening up more we're starting to trust
her more in the house she's using her
litter box really well she's really
starting to become like accustom to the
family which is really fun because we
just get to enjoy her now and not have
to worry about having a kitten you know
what I mean okay okay oh that was cute
well let's see if we can make a really
spin you ready all right guys you're
getting ready for bed Finn is so tired
he's always ready for bed so early I
think it's like 7:30 and he's like put
me to bed
so I'm gonna put him to bed and we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog hope you
guys enjoyed today's video though give
it a thumbs up if you did I will see you
guys tomorrow
can you say bye hey birthday hey
