you're not yeah are you say let's say do
you feel a good look at my toys wherever
you are that's where I wanna be
I am
come around
you win
good morning guys it is one of those
mornings or days where the kids are
tired
haha oh yes he was gonna get a haircut
today but we cancelled it because he is
just not feeling well and he's being
extremely happy right now but he's been
crying all day he just wants me to hug
him and cuddle him which is great but
I've got a baby and I just put him down
for a nap so me and all your gonna
cuddle and stuff but it's just sick
because he's not feeling good they're
tired and Brian's actually out of town
he went to LA today for like business
stuff and meetings and stuff so this is
just us at home trying to rest got like
no food in the house so I'm like oh my
gosh what are we gonna do I don't want
to really take them out of the house to
go to the grocery store because it might
be like a meltdown right the Mel's a
grocery store and I know you moms know
what I'm talking about sometimes the
struggle is real you know what I mean
but I think we have enough food that we
will be able to make it but yeah it's
just one of those days we're just gonna
hang out and chill and play we've got
all our toys out got shows on Finn's
taking naps maybe I mean all I can take
a nap Matt you can't take a nap yeah why
not oh I don't know I just can't do that
so we'll see I think I think it'll be a
good relaxing day all right me and all I
have been hanging out in the playroom
for literally like two and a half hours
didn't slept for almost three hours
straight and he just woke up nobody
how are you feeling I feel okay how'd
you see he like cries until I pick him
up and he's like the happiest boy ever
he slept forever it was actually really
nice she would go 8:00 next month on
food so Finn's over here eating a little
snack too some strawberries and banana
and always been like playing and just
like hanging out with me all day and I
randomly just looked over with two
seconds ago he was talking to me and
look at this
he's totally asleep he was awake like
two seconds ago now he's asleep poor
little baby we had turned a bit of a
corner
Ollie is not feeling good at all but
he's got also a kind of a fever and so
I'm kind of hoping if we take him
swimming if it'll kind of put him put
him in a happy mood plus maybe it'll
break down this temperature a little bit
because he's so miserable I'm hoping
maybe like some full water will help so
my mom came over and we're all gonna go
swimming and hopefully it's a fun time
okay good yeah you want Stan there oh
that feels good oh yeah hey I know it's
not warm
oh it's warming up though huh yeah
you
we're outside right now enjoying the
nice weather oli how are you feeling you
feel better
Oh spiders how you feeling good good you
feel a lot better
are you still sick yes sit still sick
but feeling better yeah he was really
really bad there for a little while he
was just not happy
really sad crying but he's definitely
feeling better and we got some medicine
in him so that's always a good thing but
the weather is so nice right now so
we're outside my parents are still good
hmm
huh like hi my life just flashed before
my eyes it's not easy to drive on this
stuff anyways my parents are still over
hanging out
Fintan out you happy boy - he thinks you
got the goods no I just love my brother
your buttons ooh with your 14 if she
keys that he's gonna get one yeah what
do you think you're doing mister you're
not going swimming
take a method come on Finn walk to your
brother
hold his hand oh good job yeah these
boys are doing so good tonight they're
being so cute so brotherly Finn has just
been like standing up in the middle of
room which totally blows my mind cuz
when all I first started walking he
couldn't like just stand up from the
floor but Finn can do that Ikey
literally I'll just be sitting on the
floor and he'll just stand up and it's
the craziest thing and yeah they just
started like trying to walk to each
other and they're like always like
reaching forward it was like the cutest
thing ever
you mean something a big brother huh you
helping your brother walk yeah Chewie
try again let's see what you can do okay
is he gonna walk to you he's good luck
to you maybe maybe if you grab his hands
and he'll walk to you whoa oh that was
so close
then come here come on Julie Oh crying
 yeah are you gonna say let's say go
yours am I good let me say what is that
look at my toys your toys that I Becky
what's up
duck in my bed good daddy me
oh that's you up there yeah yeah show
them they don't see it Kichi mmmm nope
there it is
you think that's you yeah good to be and
 man I'm Superman so you're saying
that's you in Superman it looks like
Superman you gonna get your checkbook
okay be careful kay got it Oh got it
this is your favorite book yeah good but
car yeah hey Allie
hey I got some big news for you yeah so
you know games right date you love games
yeah yeah she's like the prettiest girl
oh you know yeah games had a little
brother today yeah she had a little baby
brother yeah are you so excited
yeah can you tell it give gain some
advice because you have a little baby
brother too huh yeah yeah can you tell
gain some a little advice about having a
baby brother
yeah okay let her give her some advice
hey Betty be gentle yeah be nice be very
nice yeah okay I always share yeah don't
hey hey okay all right I like that is
some good advice
bacon us gain my
okay love you and miss you yay miss you
hey guys I have been gone all day
Jeffrey and I had a big meeting in LA
about my album so I basically have been
gone all day and look who I am now
reunited with hi buddy
how are you feeling you feeling better
yeah where's mama no buddy she's putting
Finn to bed
how cools you just relax in hey mama
oh there's mama it's been a night oh did
you have fun today
tell me what you did good you in the hot
tub yeah and what did you eat for dinner
oh yeah good pizza
yeah well that's cool what else did you
do I saw Mimi pepper you send me a Papa
oh that's awesome
what take this oh I know you're watching
a cool show what is this the one with
the meatballs fall from the sky yeah
sorry I was gone all day okay it's okay
we'll hang out all day tomorrow okay
can't love you you have your yucky
little Betty you missed me oh I missed
you too yeah thank you kitty
this is my camera yeah he's being so
cute tonight I've missed him so much
I'll take your temperature can you be
strong like Doc McStuffins ready 1 1 2 3
good job Olli what is it is 98.5 holy
mama stern 1 to date now you point 6 I
look like your bucket
oh okay poor son oh it shoots the thing
off yeah that's so funny
it's like a gun
Oh God
I'll write you guys that is all for
today's vlog but I just wanted to give a
huge congratulations to Katy and Cullen
who just welcomed baby Brooks into the
world I've been loving all the pictures
on social media and it's been amazing to
get to watch so we're so excited for
them if you guys aren't subscribed to
them please go subscribe now I will have
a link down below in the description
we're pretty much gonna be up all day
tomorrow waiting for the birth vlog hany
gonna get a tattoo Oh
today he had a stethoscope and he put on
you take a deep breath Oh cute all these
say congratulations Colin and Katie yeah
but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
rebelliously and we'll see you manana
Ollie what do you say you say bye
