good morning guys today's video is
sponsored by Disney Channel hey how's it
going guys
good you watching a movie yeah we're
gonna make some waffles okay are you
excited for waffles you like waffles oh
cool
good morning Liv you drinking your
morning coffee it's basically chocolate
out there good morning Finny you eatin
some blueberries I don't know if he's
eating blueberries or just covering
himself in blueberries oh wow yo you
almost said blueberry you guys hear that
whatever you oh that's whatever wannabe
one side big
just one
Oh
come around
with me
hold Johnson family is here and we're
just eating breakfast I'm actually
really excited because we got a new big
waffle iron and it makes for big waffles
at a time I just whipped up some waffle
mix and we're going to toss it in and
cook some breakfast
look at Finney being such a good eater
you guys he loves every kind of food so
cool
you like those waffles that means yes we
are so excited because we are about to
watch the trailer for the new Disney
show Elena of avalor premiering July
22nd on the Disney Channel are you guys
ready to celebrate the debut of Disney's
newest princess Elena of avalor hi and
princess Elena introducing a hero the
majesty of avalor has arrived who will
find her place 100 I said on three I
don't have time for two or three let's
go that's cool huh she's got a little
flying creature what do you think is
that look cool you want to watch it
again
so Elena of avalor is a new series
premiering July 22nd on the Disney
Channel and I love this because this is
Disney's first Latin crown princess
she's bold she's caring she's clever and
she's a really great role model to all
girls you can learn more about Elena of
avalor at the Disney Channel YouTube
Elena channel which I'll have linked
down below in the description what is
this Disney sent us a special Elena of
avalor package should we open it up you
guys whoa we got an official invitation
to princess Elena of avalor series
premiere Friday July 22nd on the Disney
Channel look at all this fun stuff they
sent us you guys what does payout live I
think it's a big bear oh that's so cool
so it's like a giant banner that you can
color yourself you guys want to do that
later and color it
we got cops what are those pipe cleaners
looks like cool stuffs for arts and
crafts in Peking so you can make a
scepter or her bracelet this is so cool
so they sent us so many little goodies
to do arts and crafts and DIYs and to
have our very own princess party and you
guys see look at they even gave us
headbands you want to wear a headband
and become a princess
oh look at the even gave us tattoos you
want a princess Elena of avalor tattoo
you guys look like you're ready to join
crown princess Elena she's gonna be
embarking on her greatest adventure as
leader and protector of avalor you guys
excited to watch the show special thanks
to Disney Channel for sponsoring today's
video
- what are you doing look at that tongue
going crazy you guys thin has been
trying to ride hoverboards all day you
guys look he's looking for the button
right now oh no don't put that your
mouth W about you want to climb up there
climb up on the hoverboard look at that
he wants to get on there so bad
hey do it he's crazy oh yeah
hey what if we turn it this way I'll
hold it hold it steady okay Wow you
think you can do these things Finn but
you just can't
I think Finn sees us on them all the
time and he's like I don't need to learn
how to walk you guys don't even walk you
read hoverboards everywhere so he's like
I want to jump on this hoverboard ends
up around zOMG you guys : and Katy are
at the hospital and I don't know if
they're having baby Brooks but
definitely having Pokemon Oh when it's
catching pok√©mon up Katy yeah oh my
gosh I'm so excited for them to have a
baby
Brooks is on its way I'm so excited I
don't know if he's coming like now but
it's gonna be soon I think yeah I guess
she just went off the medication like
last night so yeah if you guys are not
following them you better because
they're about to have a baby
also this is happening is he gonna get
oh no no no he's gonna get over there
just torturing nope is getting is he
gonna get over there you want him to
open the door get the Gipper open the
door crong open the door oh oh
open the door huh
so much all right we are on a little
Polaris ride checking out the property
and everything and I just have to say
that our days can be like so hot here
like we're looking at a 100 degree
weather pretty often but our nights are
so nice it's not chilly right now but
it's really nice but most nights it gets
like really chilly and cold and I just
love that that we can have like such a
cool down we have a really hot day but
it cools down at night and that's just
like so it's so nice
sometimes the hot can like just really
get to I remember as a kid like we would
spend the day just like sweating and
just feeling so hot but at finite time
we were all outside we're just hanging
out and it was always like chilly
that's how Finn likes to drive ha ha no
I do not let him drive but he look so
cute are you know what it's like all
jiggling so he must really like the way
it feels on his teeth on his down the
top and that tug you think that's fun
huh you trick out you can't get out he
felt it in huh yeah anyways I love the
players only love going on cab little
rides with my kids
you're trapped you're right he knows
that we're trapped really well which I
think it's funny but every time he's
like stuck it's like I'm trapped I'm
trapped mama huh you're okay you can
stay there a little longer Kay
and you're back to doing this
he's like so determined that he's gonna
drive this thing I can't move this thing
and then we can go huh
he's like dry-fit drive yeah all right
all he really wants to vlog hold it out
so they can see your face
yeah hold it out further
Wow that's a bush
in a key
James I see an even smaller further than
you caught yesterday to see that little
tiny lizard I mean it is probably like
an inch it ran away for all I could see
it dang I'm sorry it's so sad
it's okay guys oh my gosh that they was
so cute but oh but two ants what y'all
don't want get you your to run by hey
let me play green light red light what's
up green light red light green light
daddy you got him today we're gonna try
and get you ollie better watch out yeah
did they get you goodness God you go the
doctors those are some scary ants if you
gotta go the doctor yeah our little baby
chicks are definitely not little babies
anymore you guys they've grown up and
they're actually like in this really
weird awkward stage where they all look
super funny but they're still cute still
growing all right you guys I just fell
on the couch a joke oh my go
yeah it's all for today's vlog if you
guys enjoyed the video be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and check
out a live link down below and semen you
K buying poop
you
