good morning
hey oli what you want to do this morning
oh oh oh that's right you caught a dino
egg yesterday didn't you yeah yeah and
we put it in a glass of water
and now it may have hatched right yeah
so we got to go see what kind of
dinosaur is in the water now
oh okay get go wherever you are that's
where I wanna be
Oh
sauceman's that big
Oh
where you win
thank you - good morning Finn my little
Walker how are you buddy we got to go
see what kind of dinosaurs in the water
I'm coming
we're coming whoa oh my goodness really
dinah'll a hole you did get it dine away
yesterday
now Ally what kind of dinosaur is that
um no pull it out let's see
be careful though okay be careful wait
Kevin careful yeah
is it a good dinosaur all right whoo
whoa is he all slimy yeah he just came
out of his egg huh guys what is that
oh no it kind of looks like a singing
Soros huh I know it looks like a gentle
dinosaur though huh so you like your
dinosaur what do you want to name him
okay touch Triceratops
so his name is Triceratops but he's not
a treasure hums whatever he wants wow so
slimy this is the dinosaur that hatched
out of the little egg the only phone
yesterday yeah so he's got one big fin
on top of his back let's figure out what
kind of dinosaur he is okay hey Ollie I
think we found our dinosaur yeah come
here I think it's actually called a
Dimetrodon it's a new kind of dinosaur
that you've never seen before see yeah
and he's got a single big fin on his
back just like that one hold that one up
to the picture he looks kind of like a
lizard
but with big big big old fan he's got a
big ol thin sea so is that what it is so
it's called a Dimetrodon Dimetrodon
cool huh dinosaurs are obviously a lot
like Pokemon
you gotta catch'em all ollie yeah good
morning guys we are out of the house my
hair's done today I'm super proud of
myself because I've not done my hair in
quite a few days but yeah I actually had
time Brian was able to watch the kids
well I got my hair done thank you but
oli is actually at home with auntie and
he is missed always so much she's missed
all of us actually because she moved a
few weeks ago and she really really
wanted to come home for the weekend and
just hang out with us so she's actually
hanging out with oli right now and
they're gonna film video and just play
and so we've got Finn and we have a ton
of errands to do so that is what we're
doing we are headed out to do all of our
ends and get things done well hello
there guys I am here with all a missing
Brian thinner running errands and I'm
over here watching the boy we've been
having fun huh we did at one point build
a fort
I wanted a yes dad and he wants a
dinosaur gun for his birthday which I
man that may not be trying to figure out
your birthday's coming up soon what do
you offer your birthday we are just
hanging out having a fun me and Ollie
actually just got done filming a video
which should be up sometime this week on
my channel so you should totally go
check it out we'll have my link then
description below go subscribe to it
I'll be awesome he likes it he's just
laughing like that mm-hmm
okay get you oh yeah get you you we are
now at Target had a couple of things to
pick up to finish Missy's a little
filming nook so we've actually found
these really cool shelves which will
probably use one of and then we'll have
three extra to use somewhere else I'm
out yeah I'm sure that we can find a
spot but it's been nice being able to
just shop and not have to worry about
ollie although this kid is kind of
oh really I didn't notice but it is nice
having one kid instead of two to look
after while you're trying to check
things off your list so we just need dog
food and then we're done all right Ali
let's show them your outfit you got a
shirt with fishies on it got your brown
khakis and you got your brown and brown
shoes that can and doesn't know it's
called you look freaking cool dude and
Aunty did dress you so if there's a
problem with it it is my fault but I
think you look awesome
yeah guess who's coming home mama and
Dada mama and Dada da I must see you
tomorrow again cake Ali took him a while
he was like uh I guess that's pretty
good you look so handsome
think about fit yeah did aunty dress you
oh wow
hey Ali I also got you some pumpkin
bread what are you doing boy what are
you trying to eat that whipped cream in
there oh well maybe we can take that lid
off and get your finger out okay is your
finger stuck is your finger trapped in
the cup I'll help you down to the rescue
huh okay come on
okay he's gonna pull you just gotta pull
it out oh okay okay
Ali really has his finger stuck okay
okay we're just gonna take it off we got
it we got it make your finger lick your
finger that is got it oh okay dangerous
to put a warning
it weakened it keeps no better oh you're
okay
mom again cover the boat just like the
good old days huh
Karma's got a bow tie again yeah see
he's no country dog he's a city boy oh
look at that bow tie look at this
projects are getting done painting this
part of all your setup stuff and so they
had like patch it and it was like white
for the longest time
what are you Brian you're so you're so
creative yeah and so hard I call this
before long art maker yes is art nature
coming to life right here look at that
mom where's mommy okay hold that hold
this one two okay now go to mama mama
come here oh good come here
okay um can you pick get the facebook no
no my confidence that it was getting
good see movie makes no
all right Mimi to the rescue she made
beef stroganoff for all of us which
means Finn is also eating beef
stroganoff he's plowing into that corn
first it's always a good bet is the corn
right Finn plop the beef stroganoff
right on there it's how we do it baby
led weaning in the hizzy all he could
honestly care less about dinner right
now he just wants to play outside hey
what you doing so funny is that your new
bath toy mama got you can I see it oh
that's so cool I'm actually so relieved
because Missy got all-new bath toys and
we also have this really cool frog I
believe this is by boon and all the toys
fit right into it all right Ellie it's
night time but what do we got to do
before we go night-night you got to look
for dinos is there any dinos back there
just a triceratops dressed in plaid
pants okay bye go ahead tastes like salt
yeah yes before he goes to bed he still
has to lick the salt lamp I'm putting
Olly to bed and then hopefully once he
is sleeping machine I can get a bunch of
stuff done around the world cause we're
still going on stuff I love you I'm back
and forth in the rocking chair so you
can relax so you can take a nap so you
can get the rest you need to go about
the day a little one you just need to
babe
he knows that song now this is rocking
back and forth in the rocking chair if
you guys don't know what song that is
that's actually all of us all the bytes
on iTunes right now and there's a link
down below in the description if you
would like to get it and listen to it
it's all a song that I wrote for him
alright time for 9 okay hey say
night-night to everyone
oli went to bed so fast you guys and I
was able to hang this clock and these
three frames which we are gonna have
prints for hopefully by tomorrow and
it's interesting because the mantel the
fireplace mantel is not Center with the
wall it's really stupid so when you look
at those you can tell there's a lot more
room on this side than there is on this
side according to the wall but it's
completely center with the mantel this
house is just weird but the house is
coming together we have those up there
which ties it all together have a new
little side table here and now I am
working on the playroom
basically just want to move all these
ships and boats hanging here and move
them to this corner so they're hanging
over the new couch so it's not so
jumbled in this corner with all this
stuff going on and Missy is coloring is
it relaxing nostalgic I kind of feel
like I need to get up as you're doing
with yourself but it's okay up on here
oh yeah coloring pictures I've always
liked books and yeah we got a lot of
cool lines Cassie
Oh colored this I'm working on this one
where's the dog one that I got you oh
this one done one this one is a million
dogs fabulous canines to color and it's
basically just like cute dogs in cute
situations I looked at it I like this is
having van because I don't even know how
advanced coloring babe I'm sure you
could do it so I ended up getting
markers which is cool because they're
really bright and pretty but like shows
up every little thing so yeah these is
so little I felt like I needed to and
you did get pencils yeah I'll write you
guys that is all for today's vlog any
blog I did want to let you know that I
think today is the last day to nominate
us for a Streamy so if you guys would
like to do so we would very much
appreciate it we love all your guys's
support that you've given us over the
years it means the world to us and we
just hope to be a part of the streamys
this year so if you'd like to nominate
us I'll have a link down below in the
description you can nominate daily bumps
under the category kids and family
very much appreciated thank you guys
love you hope you have a good day see ya
bye
