yeah playing with all the kids today
it's been kind of fun like imagining
what it's like to have like four kids
it's chaos spoiler alert it's chaos
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
all
sauceman's that big
Oh
over every
good morning kiddos what do you guys do
in well there's a dinosaur yeah if you
guys like this new couch in here makes
it fun and comfortable it's so I did not
tell him to say that it is so funny
good morning guys all he's hanging out
with the girls they're sitting on his so
nice couch they're watching his show
which letting him do their thing
okay bye towel is helping Missy out with
a little bit of decorating so we're
working on her little nook space over
here which I don't know if we've ever
really showed off in our master bedroom
it's kind of nice though we have like a
little daybed and some shelving again so
we want it to look oh you want this to
be your filming spot yeah I want to like
be able to set it up so that it looks
nice in the background for cam so you'll
sit there have a camera here and then
basically you could like see all that
make it look nice see see almost looked
like a headboard I love that that's a
really cool idea that's cool these
listen finca lights on there just on
this piece I feel like that'll be cool
like on camera yeah we have a ton of
twinkle lights left over from
Restoration Hardware they're the ones
that we used in the intro I think you
the legs look really good on camera just
cuz it gives like depth and then I liked
uncles behind you yeah you're such a pro
youtuber babe you know what's up dang
Tao that's why we have you here she is
so good at arranging stuff like that I
love that babe
holy crap you guys Finn just walked I
was soaked that was insane
how old wait for the record how old is
he eight and a half months he's getting
close to nine months so he's eight
months old and he's walking
that's one month earlier than Olli okay
he's not the second yet he took like two
to three steps yeah that's amazing
until I were just playing we didn't
think it was actually gonna take a step
and then like he took one step and my
dad immediately like got his phone out
to start filming and I was like how did
I do it again cuz I didn't even go get a
camera over my dad was like I'm filming
anyways up like three steps all like no
not about how much you film when you
blog it's about when you pull that
camera out it really is and so I
literally was like okay stop it's like
bright right here and I was just like no
I have to capture this okay well he's
happy again we're gonna tell you so
we're gonna try again got to use the
hoverboard cuz apparently that's what
works and Missy's a mom of the future oh
and then pull back and let go oh he's
just like I want Towe Bach to tell mark
the tale
he's so interested in the toy now he's
just all about it ah whatever we have
video proof of them doing it you did it
eight month old walking baby like it's
still kind of easier to crawl though
good morning Liv how was your nap good
is he awake think he was awake let me
check the camera real quick where is he
oh yeah he's right at his door he's
right at the door
Ali open the door it's live good morning
hey give live a hug
hey Olli yeah
yeah how's going dude good love you yeah
hey guess what Finn did while you were
asleep he walked huh yeah he took three
steps that crazy yeah still hanging
stuff we're trying to say yes our goal
for today is to hang all of our YouTube
awards we have these three for hitting a
hundred thousand on daily bumps me see
channels and my channel and then we have
this huge huge gold one for hitting a
million on the daily bumps channel not
crazy
that's it's ginormous it has the old
daily bumps logo I wonder if we could
send it to him and tell him to get the
new one on it it's cool so we're gonna
try and hang that up in the middle of
these two hutches let me see Olli
whoa you spider-man live is gonna put
him away if you guys tell people huh
live is chase from paw patrol alias
spider-man I know she looks so cute
and you fit in a Tootsie dang know you
don't want to do the spider-man hat
you look cute Olli is it leveled every
ish level with me love with me it's
level it's level inches level is I don't
even care dude oh my gosh Ian is a tough
life Geoffrey and I are not handy man
not at all so that was very difficult
says level it says it it does say it's
level it's weird that it kind of doesn't
look low what it is the wall isn't love
the wall isn't love it's not us that's
the problem it's the wall we do oh yeah
but yeah there's actually like a bunch
of holes behind this in other areas so
really like yeah it's not I don't even
care if I hear crash at 2:00 a.m. I'm
just gonna assume that was it okay
Geoffrey and I just decorated the spot
over in between the two hutches okay
I see here we go they did it all by
themselves a lot of yelling some cuss
word why - it looks really good you like
it yeah it's really good
we I can't believe we got it there's no
mistakes no mistakes purpose do you like
it
is it good okay you don't see anyone
it's good really is that good it's not
crooked no see she can't even tell him
the stage Oh nothing's wrong
yeah nothing's wrong I like the pictures
there's a vape of all of us you know all
right so we got the gold play button and
then we have the silver play buttons and
then on here we have some plants and we
got pictures of the boys and then all of
us in the middle I like it and it looks
really good I like having the YouTube
box like right in the dining room -
because we're YouTube family it's
inevitable that's my idea
how's mrs. idea he doesn't want to go to
jelly sorry and if I come back and you
guys are gone I'm bleh oh they're in
jail I yep they're in jail
they've been sad and all on out all
right I'm gonna go check on those kids
the ones in jail
hey better still be in jail no kid Olly
Olly I'm gonna blame you all right I'm
gonna check all these room first you
guys better be in here I'm gonna go
check outside you know what I think I
should check with Ali's room one more
time if they're in there then they're
gonna get in so much trouble
they're gonna be so much trouble if
they're in Ali's room are the kids in
here do they escaped jail I don't see
any kids they're our kids are really
they're really really good hiders I
think we've got a chaise behind the door
oh wow they just took you down and then
put it yeah playing with all the kids
today it's been kind of fun
click imagine what it's like to have
like four kids it's chaos spoiler alert
it's chaos Ollie did you let them out of
jail no wasn't you Batman to find Batman
you want a kitty what kind of kitty a
baby one you think a kitty over a dog
yeah okay I'm watching whoa you can bite
your bottom lip that's cool do you got
any more tricks
is that your trick hey Ollie
do you want a secret special treat you
can't tell mom with okay you love ice
cream yeah I cannot tell my mother this
okay she'll be so mad it is really good
huh you can have the very first bite how
is it good good what flavor is this okay
chocolate you love chocolate
good good chocolate that's the flavor
the flavor is good chocolate
you want me to try um here give them a
bite let us know in the comments what's
your favorite flavor of ice cream but it
close to that pretty skin of sweet ice
cream all over the key pretty sure
Mama's watching this back yeah yeah sure
you want to show mama what we're doing
huh do you think she would approve good
it is really good I mean who wouldn't
approve of this it's good job he's
giving away my secrets
Missy's putting pin down for betta we
just got done eating dinner it's really
good though you can see mama it's
probably for the best
alright Olli we should probably share
this with mama huh okay all they wanted
to bring you a tree baby yeah he had to
give some to you Alex a nanny to fin
give him a kiss on his head on Karma's
giving kisses that was so nice to you to
share with mama all right from one
rocking chair to the next I just put fit
in the bed and now I'm putting Olly to
bed are you ready for night-night
yeah what's this is that the dino egg
you caught today yeah it's cool huh okay
we're gonna check it tomorrow and see if
it turns into a dinosaur okay hey what
kind of dinosaur you think is in there
oh btw beckoning you think there's a
baby t-rex in there yeah okay we'll see
we'll see okay okay okay get a good
night's sleep and then we'll check in
the morning okay c'est la vie dad dad
hey all right guys we are gonna go ahead
and end the vlog it's time for bed I'm
so so tired but give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it good day subscribe
if you have it
getting a hottie and we'll see you guys
tomorrow one where you say I pull
