how'd that work at least been fine too
funny wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe
sauce one side big
Oh
yo it
good morning Finn how you doing this
morning
he's like I'm doing great every impaired
gigs and lots of berries look at any
guys he'll this kid loves food and
whenever he's eating you can always see
karma nearby ready to clean up good
morning buddy
good morning look you guys have crazy
bed but so does Finn Finn has crazy Bed
Head to look at how unkempt and messy
there's no it's nice and shiny and looks
amazing out of you
good morning Superman how'd you sleep
last night good did you fight any super
super super bad guys did you fight any
in your sleep yeah what are you eating
oatmeal mama made you breakfast
isn't she the best whoa that is a big
bug all these catchy you're gonna catch
it yeah okay put the sick by Oh daddy
that is a huge bug you guys use piling
things on top of it we find some pretty
gnarly bugs out here on this property
and that is definitely one of the
biggest that I've ever seen all right
guys is that time again we are cleaning
out the chicken coop and I've actually
done most of the work got all the
shavings out and I've got them in a box
right now but I'm telling you they're so
big that they can basically just jump
right out see we have to keep a really
good eye on them hi guys singing cuz I
did okay I was pretty Lynette is
basically all white she's like got
almost all her white feathers Bree is
basically all red or pecking at my ring
right now yeah and then Susan over here
is still definitely growing in her
feathers she still got some fluff for
sure
Oh sounds caking she's looking pretty
good as well all right I'm gonna finish
cleaning up your chicken cage check this
out there now so big that they're
jumping on top of their water and
pooping on it so I'm definitely looking
to fix that solution pretty soon here
we'll probably moving them out
I tuned but I kind of realized that my
fencing is probably not going to be the
best option for them I really want to
make sure they're secure and I think I
definitely need a cover since we're out
here in the middle of nowhere birds are
hawks are just looking for chicks and
chickens and so I think I'm gonna have
to build up the cage a little bit or
something I would hate to for something
bad to happen just because we didn't
have like the proper like fencing or
whatever anyways I'm just gonna finish
cleaning up the cage now all right we've
got fresh shavings fresh food I cleaned
up their little ladder a little bit and
then I'm adding some ice-cold water for
this hot day hopefully you guys enjoy
that yeah we've got this a little bit
higher for them so they can't kick stuff
in it so easily and they can also
purchase a little bit if they want to
that good alright now that they have a
fresh cage though I think it's time I go
pick up some more chickens as you guys
know we lost a couple and the couple
that we lost our silkies they're kind of
a rare breed they're really small petite
they're really friendly they're great
for like kids and families they don't
produce a lot of eggs but I've been
debating back and forth whether I wanted
to get soaky's again because in my you
know experience
I've seen that so queue seemed to die
and now I don't know if I just had like
not the healthiest of chicks from that
lady because I got the silkie from a
specific person in those three from a
different person so I was like well
maybe this just was like a bad batch or
maybe those chickens weren't as healthy
I don't know maybe it was completely
random because I've talked to people to
like there's no reason why they should
have died like other than just kind of
random so I decided I'm going to go
ahead and get some more silkies and so
I've been looking and waiting and I
found some that are available and
they're a little bit older which I kind
of wanted I figured let's try and keep
them all the same age and also I would
rather get past maybe them being like
too little to thrive and maybe there
beyond that so they could survive hey
Ollie what are you eating for lunch yeah
you're eating a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich huh is it yummy
yeah yeah yummy yeah you know what goes
really good with peanut butter and jelly
nice plain non chocolate milk
yeah is it yummy together he asked for
chocolate we're giving him white we've
been trying to do that a little more and
we said if he eats his peanut butter
jelly maybe I'll get talking about what
do you do it what do you do what do you
get what do you get what do you get
but it's lunchtime we're eating lunch
but there's one person missing who are
we missing who's sleeping with someone
sleeping yeah who he then he woke up huh
shall I go get him should we let him
join lunch yeah
okay yep I can hear him and I can see
him he is standing in his crib ready for
me to get him oh who is that you might
be scared and that's okay cuz life does
he know he's come so easily you might
get hurt and that's alright I you can
put yourself back together huh guess
what VIN I think you are fearless like a
lion aren't you aren't you freely like a
lion oh here hold this lion come here
big guy
come here big guy ah the Lions eating me
even when the lion is eating you you
need to be fearless okay
be fearless guys fire hi how was your
nap give him a little kiss and say good
morning hmm let's go eat lunch
he just sees you and he's like I want
mama it's okay it's okay I know what you
want then is now eating what we are
eating for lunch
chicken tortillas and rice and beans and
he loves tortillas you guys
he is getting through that Missy is so
cute him eating rice and beans and stuff
yeah he's really good at eating all his
poly
what are you doing a little bit hmm
mine goes better with peanut butter
enjoying them salt Tom I like you jack
oh I like your jacket
hey you guys okay recovered from that
all right we are watching thin walk down
the hallway we love playing with him and
seeing if he's going to do it so Missy's
try right now okay
I'm gonna be honest a lot of people have
told me to run around the house with a
dog like what are you talking about and
so I watched a video where I watched her
like run with her a month old and then
he walked after that so let's try it
that way at least Finn finds it funny
they know what oh now it's all Eastern
hey kiddo
Oh time out oh my hair Mountain walk
today hey hey come here hey c'mere fan
amazing he's like I'm tired guys it's me
run around the house whoa all right give
me your buddy come here I do have a
little dude so I'm sitting in my office
getting some work done actually just
paid a bunch bills that have been piling
up and I've just
been forgetting but I was on our video
manager and I saw something simply
mind-blowing the daily bumps channel
which was created in December 2012 has
now accumulated over 1 billion total
video views' that's billion without B
which is so crazy I my mind can barely
even fathom that number I think it's
absolutely incredible and I seriously
just thank you guys so much because if
it wasn't for you guys we want to be
celebrating something like that so thank
you guys for watching and subscribing it
really it means the world to us that we
have you guys and that we can open up
and that we can have fun and that you
guys get enjoyment out of it and so I
love it it's a win-win situation thank
you guys for 1 billion total views you
guys blow my mind also just a heads up
the Streamy Awards fan nominations are
now open up until Monday July 18 so if
you guys would like to nominate us we
would definitely love you forever and
ever
basically how you do this is you go to
the website I'll have it linked down
below in the description and then you
click on Channel series show or feature
and then in the Channel series you put
daily bumps make sure you spell it
correctly just like that or I'm not sure
if it'll work and for the category put
kids and family and then you can fill it
out with your name and email address
this would also help us out a ton and we
would greatly appreciate it if you guys
go nominate us but only if you want to
only if you actually do like watching us
don't do because I said it do because
you want it to it but no seriously we
love the streamys we love watching it
every year and Nitta it'd be really cool
to get to be a part of it this year
ok see our house always actually taking
a
what needs the nap
yeah von hinten spin he was doing really
good for a while like napping when we
get in the car and lately he just hasn't
been back to crying in the car and just
send it over we are headed to Hobby
Lobby and grabbing a few more things for
the playroom I really want to finish my
house I really want to give you guys
like a house to work and I'm just like
it never feels done and it's not done
like there's just like a few more things
I want to get and then I'm like taking a
brig and so whatever on our way those
hobby lobby's we are poking myung-whun
hunting my hunting is grabbed us a
little Pokemon ball it's a little
pokeball that way I was looking for the
clip that you didn't hear around it'll
let you know and over yeah so but they
had those that way we can like put it up
here and everyone go yes we are posting
on it not when we drive I mean I'm
poking mudding because I'm not driving
but super excited we're having a lot of
fun doing it but you have to know I did
they're taking us to some different
places like I walked into a Hispanic
grocery store which I've never been in I
think I was like the only white person
there so it's kind of funny they're all
like looking at me and I'm like I'm just
going over here to get the pokeballs
then I walked out yeah is really funny
it's actually a really fun game I'm
really enjoying it they do say you gotta
stay in like populated areas that I've
heard some really crazy story ER so
gotta be safe while doing it so stay
safe while you're poking mine funky
vomiting this game may have taken over
our lives a little bit the kids actually
just took really good naps when we drove
around and now we have them in the wagon
and we're just walking around the mall
Holly what you hold in
hey you got a pokeball a snake and
what's that in your hand
yeah Finn's got his snacks if he don't
don't care where we go there's a really
beautiful day out though so it's nice to
be walking around Holly really wanted to
play a game so he's on this cool car it
was like really cool way cooler than the
ones and I was a kid it wasn't like a TV
screen you got a movie like this good
job
all right Missy is putting Finn to bed
after a very eventful day he's pooped
he's so easy to defend Oh like he
literally like nurses for like a few
minutes I remember and then I just lay
him down and he goes right to sleep yeah
but I think you missed my joke I said
he's pooped yeah a lot today already
all right night buddy love you Allie
what are you watching you know
scooby-doo you're watching Lego
scooby-doo scooby-doo who is say it
again dude he sounds so funny Jeni
Muscovy do you need me watching
scooby-doo with your doggie yeah karma
come here Gary is I karma oh hi miss him
on the screen yeah come here you want to
watch a movie with Ollie come on
watching the movie with you Oh like the
cutest thing ever oh my gosh
you think that's karma on the screen
good boy that's one of the greatest
things ever I think seeing oli karma
become so close become like friends
anyone still like hug him and say good
boy and watch movies with him oh my gosh
it's amazing
Ali's growing up so fast you guys I
don't know what to do he's gonna be
three this month he's going to be three
years old on the 27th and it's so crazy
because time has gone by so fast and I
go back and I look at all the videos
that we have of him like as a little I I
will go back and watch when he was like
a year old and I will just bawl my eyes
out because I'm just so sad that he's
growing up but he's turning into such a
cute nice talented little boy it's so
fun and rewarding to be able to be his
daddy Holly I like being your daddy okay
earlier today I said do you want to just
cuddle and watch a movie because yeah I
won't give you a big hug and he put his
arms out and then he gave me like the
biggest hug ever like not to cry this is
so cute I love him I love you but anyway
I think I'm gonna go to end today's vlog
we had such a fun day hanging out with
the boys I hope you guys had fun
watching this video if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe and
leave a happy friendly comment below and
we will see ya then Jana be sure to
check out that link and nominate us for
the kids and family on the Streamy
Awards cuz we would be forever grateful
thanks for watching guys well Ollie you
watching scooby-doo
Ellie what do you say Holly were and in
the vlog can you say bye
