oh my gosh what did we just find Olly we
did find a big old toy whoa now it
doesn't speed wherever you are that's
whatever wannabe
sauceman's that big
I am
every
good morning and a happy Sunday we had
such a late night last night like we got
home so see you late yes by the way I am
on hoverboard I don't think I got to my
house till 1:00 a.m. sad to take Natalia
and the girls home first we just got
home so late and then put the kids to
bed and this one woke up at like 9 a.m.
and I was like that's not happening
mm-hmm
so I went in there and I like rock him
for like 2 minutes and he went right
back to sleep and he slept till 11:00
and you better believe me Bryan and all
I slept till 11 as well all I did wake
up at some point and then I just like
gave him like my phone to watch some
shows and he slept or he sat there with
us until 11:00 and it was amazing so yes
it is a very very late morning isn't it
or a late day but you know what it's
Sunday so who cares you know but I just
did a fishtail in my in my hair and I'm
actually very proud of it I've done a
fishtail before but it's never looked at
this good like on both sides like I
usually mess up once I don't know see
some really tell but it actually looks
really good and I'm really proud of it
that's like a success because I haven't
done my hair in like a while you really
about it doing it but always in here
watching show I'm riding around with
Finn and we plan to have a pretty fun
but kickback day this week ascending
hello guys and good afternoon
I've actually drive in to pick up some
lunch for Missy and I and the kids
it's very bright out cuz I forgot my
sunglasses at the studio I'm pretty sure
Daniel who's my producer if you're
watching this can you check the studio
and see if my sunglasses are there
because I need them I'm driving in the
car and I was listening to some of the
stuff we worked on last night really
excited about everything that's
happening the album is is moving along
very nicely we have about half of it
produced roughly so we have the other
have to do and then we have a lots of
vocals I think next month is basically
set aside for recording all vocals which
is really important because we may have
to rest my voice in between days because
if we have too long of a day on my voice
gets overused and I'm not as well the
next day so we're just gonna try and
take it ahead of time he actually
and he would call me the day there the
morning of and talks me on the phone and
hear how I sounded me like I sound too
rough maybe he can't come in and this
guy is completely couldn't count so
thanks for that
yeah I am really excited about the
record and you guys are gonna get to see
more of us creating it and snippets and
stuff like that it's also a little
nerve-racking because this record makes
me very vulnerable we tell a lot of
stories that we haven't told you guys on
the vlog sort of in song form which i
think is also really cool too so it's
always nerve-racking when you are
releasing art like that that's really
personal I think it was even like that
for like a lion when I released like a
lion it was really I was nervous cuz I
was singing about personal things this
time for the album I'm definitely upping
the ante even more but anyway I might
pick up six I'm gonna go grab some food
alright guys we just watched the final
episode of season 2 of Outlander and it
was so good it was really good let us
know if you guys are watching Outlander
and what you thought like the whole
episode it was so good both kids are
actually asleep so it was nice to get to
like lay on the couch and relax yeah so
about 10 minutes ago I was watching and
Olly was asleep in his bed and I saw the
door open but he never came out all the
way and so I just came in where to go
see where he is and I just found him and
just won't go always don't have to go ah
why do you have little guy you playing
with blocks I swear if it has to be one
of the happiest babies ever he's always
smiling he's always in such a good mood
aren't you just playing with his blocks
you like that one what if we put it over
here and then you walk to it I'm gonna
try and walk here let's stand up good
job
and that's walk there you go walk all
the way keep walking oh yeah you can
hold on to that and walk as well then
interesting oh you're gonna pull that
whole thing up let go let's go get the
tree you can do it you can do it come on
come on
he stands pretty good Hey Hey look at
that smile look at that smile
look at that smile to solve a lot of
problems with that smile
we have got the kids in the car and we
are headed out we're gonna go have some
fun with the kids go to the park there
Mike don't don't she's lying we're we're
hunting for Pokemon and look I just
found one right there do you see it yeah
oh it's a crab and it's 105 I'm gonna
catch a lunch I learned you're supposed
to throw in the little circle thing it's
small look I caught it oh we broke out
he broke out got him you think I'll stay
well I don't know he's a tough one I
think you got him gotcha cuz you gotta
catch them all you guys hey sorry
playing Pokemon you're like well let's
just go for a little Drive and we'll end
up some pokey stops yes maybe some jams
maybe catch a couple Parra's look at
this one I've never seen this one I just
got that one are you caught him yeah
this is such a gun a little game I was
so embarrassed what I love too that like
encourage you just like to go out you
know yeah we like play with people oh we
broke out Missy's on you oh no dad he
was right on your legs so hey you oh we
broke out again lookit oh my god
actually sitting on the dashboard now
come on little dude
got him got him at this pokey stop - at
the Starbucks I caught an egg and I have
to walk two kilometers to hatches
apparently I've already walked 0.63 I'm
not sure what kilometers are but I guess
I'll walk until this egg hatches
oh sweet you guys have just leveled up
also our Pokemon travels have landed us
here at this park there's a pokey stop
right here at the Mapleton Park gazebo
which I believe is right over there so
we're gonna go over there and see what
they have for us
Zeebo up here is a pokey stop the boys
already oh you guys are cute
ally we're gonna go catch some Pokemon
yeah we're actually blocked by these
bushes and this thing over there which I
think they're stairs but we have the
wagon but it looks like we're close
enough so I'm gonna click on it hey you
got an egg yeah
all right and then you spin it and all
these fun things pop out I got an egg
two pokeballs and a potion it looks like
there's one more pokey stuff on the
other side of the field behind the
baseball field bib so we're gonna have
to Trek over there
I really do love that this game makes
you get out of the house and go explore
you know that's all I like looking at
all the little like things like you
caught a snake we're like no that's an e
cat yeah he loves seeing what we catch
oh my gosh you're real Pokemon ollie a
real-life Pokemon oh my gosh together
doesn't that mine here you just
like kitten let's see if I can catch him
well there's a Pokemon right I don't
know where well there it is ah there is
like a orb thing right above it but all
I do is want to catch this guy that is a
cool Pokemon see that Pokemon let me
know in the comments you guys if there's
an actual Pokemon that looks like a
lizard because we may have seen it so
let us know if there is one and if so
what is it called
no funny cuz we're headed over here to
this baseball field and all these people
over here have their phones out cuz
they're gathering at the pokey stop
getting pokeballs and eggs and stuff not
funny you know all these kids over here
playing Pokemon no they totally are why
would everyone be headed to the baseball
field alright check it out with
Heather's focus stop let's see we got a
pig and three pokeballs got three balls
alright guys I'm here with Donnie and
we're both hanging out the poky stop and
what did you on polka Saab it's like the
lower module bloom on so everyone here
will get extra Pokemon yes because of
you thanks dude hey what level are you
Wow oh I'm only six
that guy's a brother thanks man join us
son making Pokemon friends let's see how
the focus up Missy now is all like it's
got confetti and like hearts and stuff
it's cuz he put a module on it to
attract more Pokemon come on got him I
got the rat you were right by it
see he's in that Pokemon ball you want
to see what he looks like
look at that he looks like a little rat
yeah tell me if you see any and I'll
catch up okay meanwhile in the wagon
Finn is double-fisting raisins right now
yeah he did oh oh I know oh my gosh what
did we just find Olly we did find a big
old toy it's just in this random Park
we're like what is this alright alright
I'll let you write it push the gas whoa
that was so cool hit the gas yeah
hunting for Pokemon with my little boy
now we got a cool car to hunt tamale
yeah hit it good job
let's go backwards now you want it to be
forward
okay now go whoa
now it's got some speed okay stop stop
good job
you guys know the owner of that little
car came out and he said it was totally
cool that all he was having fun with
that his son was out there just playing
with and he didn't want to bring it up
and he lives right there so kind of no
idea though I totally believe mine out
here all I know if you lived right next
to a park yeah that thing was fast all
he did you like that little car it was a
lot faster than your Jeep
you
all right I'm on images have now brought
us to the mall because there's a table
book stuff and look what's on my nearby
list so this is all the pokemon that are
nearby and look at that top left
that is definitely a Pikachu and I
definitely want to catch it all right
we're looking it looks like the Pikachu
disappeared that gentleman over there
told me that he got one and it's not
showing up on my nearby list anymore so
I'm kind of bumped this is at the mall
right now though you guys there's so
many pokey stops here it's crazy what do
you want Ollie like a 1000 tattoo parlor
you want to tattoo of a dinosaur you
know a tattoos actually hurt Ollie it's
like in an alley so maybe when you're
older okay okay with mom in it yeah
actually we're putting it on record
right now Ollie that the first tattoo
you get is gonna be a dinosaur with mom
on it okay you agree he agrees that's a
verbal binding contract just so you know
seriously all these people are playing
Pokemon a little growlithe ollie
we're gonna throw this ball toward him
and catch him
Oh see we caught it it was a 211 awesome
Mitch he's catching the growlithe to
ollie come look at this one get it as he
get it right now ah right
oh you got it what Ali hey you want to
see secret life of pets
we already saw it we're walking by the
movie theater and he's like I want to go
see it again
I think pay and liver in there right now
actually watching the movie Missy is
actually battling right now I haven't
even battled Missy know what I'm doing
Oh Flicka I flick up maybe or hit it I
don't know this is a Pokemon gym all
these people are playing Missy you're
actually battling one of these people
that are sitting right beside you nah
you better win did you switch Pokemon no
I think that they just like change I've
really cool um oh no Missy you're only
158 not 437 no I know what I'm doing
killing your Pokemon all I want to know
is which one she's playing probably one
of those three girls over there
lolly no she can't get it it's okay
you're doing good babe well we're
leaving that gym and we both lost the
battle we both ended up fighting and it
did not work we have a bunch of very
injured Pokemon Kathy you caught him oh
he just caught a big pokemon in our
kitchen
gotta catch'em ah hi karma that's karma
ha yeah hey Ellie did you have fun
Pokemon hunting today yeah yeah should
we do it again no I'm okay okay let me
know in the comments you guys what is
your favorite Pokemon if you're a
Pokemon fan and I think we're gonna go
ahead and end today's video okay thank
you guys for watching if you guys
enjoyed this video be sure to give it a
thumbs up you're shooting the laser ah
done for the laser thumbs up thanks for
watching we'll see em in Jana
boo-yeah
boo-yeah boo-yeah what do you say oli
guards look at him all right I say bye
