good boy so glad I got to take my son
here for the first time you do so good
wherever you are that's where I wanna be
once that big
Oh
oh you want to hear about your song yep
you got a dance okay
mine is strength
oh it takes more than you can take for
me to break and mine is brave oh and I'm
not fresh stand crappy control no one
said this was easy
I can tonight we get ready to watch me
hear a
good morning guys rocking out in the car
to Maddie's near single she's number
nine on the singer-songwriter chart and
where somehow happen were you haven't
got the song coke in it but today we
just start our date we're getting out of
the house then it's probably taking a
little nap because he's being extra
quiet right now this is nap time and it
is lunch time so we're going to go grab
some lunch the Johnsons are having a
garage sale today and we basically
missed the entire thing we're going to
be over there and hang out and see what
what they have left and see what's going
on but give me a fun day your garage
selling hat on yes that's a garage
something I feel like it is too slide
box garage still had now it's all night
I see your hair it looks so good that's
your Papa hat and what does it do it
keeps the Sun out of your eyes
yep yep yep alright we are now at pan
lives what's up girls what do you have a
water slide oh my goodness that is so
cool
more like a bouncy slide huh you need to
put the water up there now we're cooking
yeah
oh that's so cool so it's got water up
there that's squirting down there and
then it all goes into this pool that's
so neat Ollie do you want go swimming
with Payne live
I think he's tired it's actually ready
for an N ap we're back home Missy's
putting Finn down for a nap all he
really needs to go down for a nap - cuz
he's crazy
by the way you guys I put a little quote
up on my chalkboard in my office some
what you think only dead fish go with
the flow that was kind of encouraging
don't tell me what you want to do you
hate climbed up in that cupboard and
grabbed this and said I want to make
cupcakes so I think you got to make
cupcakes with them today alright and
going to the studio have a kiss love you
hey daddy's got to go the studio so you
be a good boy okay okay all I just
taught me a new trick and so we're gonna
do it together right now ready okay okay
alright guys we're in the studio and
look who's at the top of the list that
is my name yes so today we're actually
doing demo vocals on one of our songs
that we're hoping to get a big female
lead on so we have a vocalist in the
booth right now I just did all my parts
and now she's gonna sing her part so I'm
really excited there's one duet on the
song and it's a male and a female we're
hoping to do some big things with it but
in order to do that we have to have it
produced and we have to have semi vocals
on it so it's what we're working on now
together house with the Johnson family
go check it out it's really talking to
you so like on steroids I look so much
fun over cosine you've been here before
you
you
when I was growing up we had a place
called Discovery Zone and that was
called discover and I've been like gone
for years I think it's like a liability
thing and that's the other day but like
we have to take the kids then are you
ready for this
can we do this look scary oh my gosh
like really
living any dr. Craig looks doctor
Ollie's you got dr. Olle and dr. live
and we're working on pay today what are
you doing
you're gonna go make some food
Leigha girl just like mommy oh look at
that yummy pizza can I eat it okay
oh my goodness look at that like all the
water bed for the fishies
yeah
all right it has been a long night but
we powered through it and I wanted to
use this time to introduce you guys to
my producer for the album us that I've
been telling you guys about we've been
working on this is Daniel Martin a tree
am studios round of applause for Daniel
everybody standing a bit so we have
about it would you say like about half
the record is pretty much seven songs
yeah so we got about half the record
produce and you're showing me some cool
stuff you know she'll yeah sure here's
record player Drake we're working on
some cool sounds you guys other ones
Mario Brothers and without the lead
vocal and we'll just do like
you like totally after that
don't want to give away too much yeah we
don't want to give away too much I'm
definitely experimenting with a lot of
different sounds and I told him I was
like I want the the chorus to be we got
throw a little dubstep in there so you
kill that laptop commercials yes we'll
tell that story at a different time
well tell that started different time
but yeah this is Daniel you guys will be
seeing a lot more over the next couple
months while we're getting this thing
hammered away look good
Bryan and Jeffrey just got here there
for six hours
I know all right Jeffrey and Liv are
about to go down the slide he has no
idea how fast they go it's so bad they
like shoot Wow good Ollie lots of it I
know he's evil along with anyway I know
he's just excited to show daddy
everything all right now it's Brian's
Harry
he has no idea either
life stream yeah I went down that would
fit all right go down the big slide
everyone's racing set go this one's
notice there we go we all stuck all
right we found a tunnel you know that
means Ben is trapped in this tunnel hi
baby
come here buddy Oh has he been having
fun - oh is he walking around it yet
walk dude he just took a step you just
took two theatres took three steps look
at that babe
oh sorry sir he just bought all those
groceries for me at the grocery store I
charged him $8,000 he apparently didn't
have any coupons so oh we gonna swim in
oh there is little fishies that's so
cool all you want to go swim in jump in
the pond oh that's so cool
that's so cool
good boy having so much fun it belly be
good boy so glad I got to take my son
here for the first time
it's like it's shameful hey guys it's
super late Scott home was like thirty
after midnight man we had such a good
day I'm so excited to watch all the
footage that me si got with oli at the
Billy B's place I had a really great
night in the studio
my voice is basically like done needs a
little rest which we're hoping to get
tomorrow on Sunday so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you did give it a
thumbs up subscribe leave a comment
share all those links and we'll see you
in you bye guys
