you balancing whoa holy cow that's
amazing Diggy's that thing is that you
really walking big we good wherever you
are that's whatever wannabe on
big boys
Oh
every
with me
good morning guys before today's vlog
starts I wanted to let you guys know a
little fun announcement that I'm very
excited for you guys know my good friend
Mattie Fae she was actually on my EP we
did a duet together for the song hope
rising we've done collabs together we
hung out together she's a very good
friend of ours she is very young but has
such an amazing voice and I'm so proud
of her because today she released her
first single called get ready and is now
on iTunes the song is super cool I like
I listened to it I get emotional
listening to it because I'm like I just
feel so proud of Maddie
so go check out the single on iTunes
I'll have a link down below in the
description click it go buy it
support her she's amazing and I honestly
am just so proud of her
I think this is just so freaking cool
this song is definitely like a summer
anthem it's like a girl empowerment
anthem so be sure you go check it out
send some love to Maddie and congrats
Congrats Maddie proud of you
hello guys we're off to lunch with Mimi
and Papa and look at what all he got
what are you wearing oli what what kind
of hat is that buddy
Papa hat whoa you guys are matching now
he took him three years to wear
sunglasses and now three years to wear a
hat huh I like it a lot all you look
really cute you're growing up so fast
Holly what are we gonna go do Holly
we're gonna go see secret life of pets
yay look at he's all set he's got a
backpack and his hat on Mimi and Papa
are taking Finley cuz they're the most
amazing people in the world you got
money
Oh we'll definitely buy some popcorn
with it okay okay look at the pet sign
ollie
go get him he loves max he got a little
max from McDonald's the other day and
look at these pets are hiding see that's
so cool huh what's in here
who's that a doggy what's in here a big
another doggy yep we're gonna go see the
secret life of pets and we're very
excited the aftermath of the secret life
of pets you guys oh he's knocked out
like he watched the entire movie and he
loved it
it was honestly really cool I think that
the movie was like right on par with
finding dory it was so much fun Missy
did you like it it was so good right all
the things you just had all the things
that we like now what are we doing oh we
are building blocks just like tossing
them over I got these blocks for Finn
and Ollie because Finn can like knock
him over if he loves it
do it it's like teasing you knock him
over oh there goes an ollie
there's like all kinds of things like
cutely fine like the other animals the
animal there's even like up numbers
thank you and that's like the whole
puzzle and there's like numbers there's
that's actually really cool you can
build them up and your brother can just
knock it all over yeah that's cool good
fine babe Finny
did you have fun with Mimi and Papa look
at maybe he's about to stand up did they
say he walked yet
oh it's bended very good with Mimi and
Papa thanks for letting us hang out
without having to leave the movie that's
just how it is it when we take Finn to a
movie someone ends up walking out with
him and isn't able to go back in because
he's not quite there yet so thank you
Mimi and Papa for helping us out cuz we
love going to see the movie Oh
oh look he's like those are for me to
tear down yeah
things like I wanna hurt do it demet
this was here it's like a big brother
game next head of household babe finish
the puzzle oh wait hang on hang on
OOP there and that goes that boom good
job babe
I am being missed homemaker today and I
am riding around on a scooter yeah it is
just fun but I am making dinner and
tonight we are having a whole chicken so
this is getting ready to go in the oven
I've only done this a few times so every
time I do it I'm like mom how do you do
this
hopefully that's okay I wonder if um I
know some people like pinch these
together like tie them together or
something but I'm just gonna do that I'm
sure it'll jog I still don't know what
I'm doing for side dishes but once I put
that in I am going to probably put in
this cobbler that I'm making I've been
really craving a blackberry cobbler so
this is sitting in sugar yep lots of
sugar and I've made my little mixture
and we used to have blackberry cobbler
all the time because in Idaho you can
like pick blackberries right off the
side of the road and they're literally
the most amazing black Ray's I've ever
had in my life they're big juicy they're
warm but they're amazing because they're
warm from the Sun it's just like I don't
know they were so good so I've been
craving it and this is Pond grown about
around the time when blackberries are
pretty much ready in Idaho so I thought
you know actually go ahead and make them
so I'm making the cobbler this is just
like the dough that goes underneath it
and then you sprinkle the blackberries
all on top and then the dough kind of
rises above it and then the juices of
blackberry kind of soak it and it's so
good so we'll have that probably for
dessert but first I gotta get this thing
in I'm actually going to turn on the
second of it so I can do the cobbler and
the chicken in this one so it's kind of
handy I don't have to coat the pan
because the mixture has so much butter
in it that it definitely won't be sticky
that tells you how healthy this dish is
mmm I just pour blackberries right over
it
that looks so good
good just started doing that he's
standing up you balancing whoa holy cow
that's amazing
dick is that sick is that you did we
watch anything look at this nigga step
now you're dancing yeah dancing before
walking oh that was crazy
you'd be walking can you do it oh my
gosh look at you that's crazy
yeah funny yeah
there's a reason why we brought you here
you guys yesterday we actually checked
our PA box and we got a package from
YouTube YouTube actually sent us a
package I have no idea what this is
we've been like trying to poke and prod
at it yeah but I was like we have to
vlog this cuz it's from YouTube YouTube
sent us a package thank you guys we're
gonna open it up right now and see what
it is I think kind of think it's a book
cuz it's very thin book and it look it's
got the cool YouTube logo on it as well
like heavy like a book yeah so maybe a
book I'll look at we got a package from
YouTube yeah what do you think it is you
think oh okay opening it tada haha
that's pretty cool one M create 1
million creator year best tag 1 million
Wow
oh is so fancy there's a good look at
this Oh a Youtube yearbook yeah look at
that
Ali reading material so this is year but
gold play button class of 2015
we're class of 2015 we hit a million
subscribers in 2015 on the last day of
2015 and we gotta go buy this okay
so this is the gold play button class of
2015 Wow oh my gosh hello daily bumps
you started your adventure in 2012 your
first video was first daily vlog January
26 2013 daily bumps look at that suit
thumbnail member that vlog yes that's
the first vlog we ever put up you guys
oh my god that's crazy
you created around 1080 videos that's
more than every single professional
feature film made in the history of
cinema combined it says 528 million
views and now actually we are about to
hit 1 billion views a day you see nuts
your viewers come from all over the
world number one us number two Great
Britain and number three Canada to
celebrate your success
we rewarded you with a silver play
button look at all our videos babe that
is so neat looking almost good-looking
thumbnails I made one of your most
popular video was baby trapped in water
park yes it was still is you have around
five times more subscribers than all the
people who attended the 2015 Coachella
Music Festival in God and then when you
turn the page it says congratulations on
your success and it has a little note
from Susan Wojcicki
who is the YouTube CEO she says PS keep
it up we've got a diamond play button
with your name on it for when you hit 10
million subscribers but that is crazy
this is so cool and then it just goes by
category everyone who hit a million
subscribers in 2015 hey Casey what's up
man I see you
we're both class of 2015 but Casey yeah
let's see if there's any other people we
recognize ha Brooklyn Bailey there's a
bee family what's up a bee family in the
house we got Family Fun Pack Ollie watch
is hobby 60 there's kittiesmama Lego
there's miss Nikki Phillip I so many
cool people in this book Rachael
Ballinger is in here as well it has a so
what else happened in 2015 section the
10 videos that everybody talked about as
featured in the YouTube rewind and then
it has like a full list of everyone
that's so cool
and there we are daily bumps I got to
say that is extremely cool and
congratulations to all the rest of the
YouTube creator class of 2015 everyone
who had a million subscribers in 2015 I
think that's really cool that YouTube
does stuff like this for creators
special burger Oh Aspen and Parker cool
and seriously thank you guys too like we
uploaded that video four years ago and
it started this whole crazy thing and
it's still going and so much has changed
and so much has happened but it's still
just so fun so thank you guys to
everyone who stuck around since the
beginning last oh that is cool that's a
good picture of us - oh wait all four of
us I suppose
see Creek you though it's like when you
actually get a yearbook in you're like I
did put the picture of me in there and
there's our friends from the east the
ciccone Jolie's can't believe how many
people actually hit a million
subscribers there's a lot of people in
here like I keep seeing you like okay
this is just 2015 - like there's Joshua
DTV like oh cool like I feel like he's
been has amazing subscribers forever I
don't know all right Josh next time we
see you I'm gonna take this and I want
you to sign our yearbook yeah we're
gonna take it to like the playlist and
like have people like say see you next
summer yeah call me have a good summer
remember that one video and the play
button on the very front cover has all
our names that make up the logo right
there right there that's us check out my
dinner don't be fooled most of this is
not from scratch the chicken is I did
like Idaho and potatoes in the box
stuffing but it's really good it's one
of those yeah it's one of those meals
that like it's so actually very easy to
make but it like it's so homey and yummy
and delicious tomorrow we're having soup
because today and Missy's fatten me up
and then tomorrow she'll cook me in a
suit I don't know that actually I was
trying to think of some good recipes
that I can do because I still have all
this chicken like basically rotisserie
chicken right it's gonna like come off
pretty easily but we're not going to eat
it all tonight we're gonna have a lot
left over so I'm looking for some sort
of recipe that I can use or Tishri type
chicken in maybe it is a soup I'm
celebrating much yes you can because you
are number 16 on the itunes
singer-songwriter charts look who's here
everybody
it's Mattie Fae and we're hanging with
our good friends Justin and Nikki and
Lexi I remembered your names
Oh Oh sprinkles - we go - well that's
all I
okay that's good do you girl do you know
you guys Maddy releases single I know
you already told you to go down and
click it but go click it again and then
and then gift it to like 20 of your
friends yes so we're gonna try to eat a
number one girl look at her how old are
you 14 14 and your little girls already
on the iTunes charts how do you feel
about this Michelle oh and sharks okay
do you do you look what Ollie
just caught biggle spider everyone is
freaking out you want to see it again
you caught it here hold it literally
like oh this is my nerd here and got
that and started trying to catch it him
but he's like oh gosh oh gosh oh gosh
like you know you love like be careful
and he's like back music you you you but
the thing is is that all he's known to
opening them and Oh Ollie what's in
there yet what do you want to name it
name him food okay that's my boy yeah
isn't that Delp dude he's so cool yeah
bug watch are you are a breeze huh oh
gosh oh gosh it's not dark
good night ollie love you huh
it's dark turn the light on ah yeah I
turned it off there you go you got your
pillow okay I love you
Oh
