yeah wherever you are that's where I
wanna be
over every
Holly say good morning Ben say good
morning
taking Holly do a little checkup to make
sure he's doing good I was hoping to get
his three year checkup today but they
told me that I cannot take him until
it's been one year since his last
checkup and I guess last year I did take
him until September first and I'm like
what I'm psyched I want to take him now
I wanna get all his stats I want to get
everything like good because he's gonna
be three and I just I don't know I was
really hoping so that we got lots to do
today and lots to get ready for word
today's up there this week and a busy
week working excitingly golly what's
happening tomorrow and how are they
gonna be three she's so cute baby I love
you
what do you want for your birthday and
what if you don't get a dino gun
important so cute
Jason and how you feeling about all
these birthday are you excited to give
your present
my pet yeah I think fin got you a
present just from him okay he hopes you
like it does this look familiar to any
of you guys watching the vlog Holly do
you remember we did a vlog here and you
were talking about how the Pirates
wouldn't let him be pirates and there
was tacos and lots of funny stuff
involved if you guys want to watch that
video I'm gonna have a link down below
but it's so funny because I was I was
looking at this and I was like oh my
gosh this is where he was like talking
gibberish when he was like a year old
yeah he just you know it was just like
we're just so funny it was so funny he
was like playing with the trashcan he
was getting in trouble he was trying to
get in there to find tacos are there any
tacos in there ollie
no what about pirates
are there any pirates where are the
Pirates all right there
no that's not parents all right now it's
haircut time for ollie
while he's preparing for his birthday
Jeffrey's here to hold the baby of
course just kidding
everyone's gonna be like you just hold
the baby all the time Jeffery because I
love him so much I will hold you any
time you're next Finn K look at all this
hair he's got coming in now Kimball oh
mohawk you don't want to cut it yeah I
was looking at that old video of Ollie
when he had those curly curly Q's so
cute
all you like getting your hair cut say
cheese
I love your haircut do you want to show
it to pay and live and eat some lunch
all right let's go
Angela hey pal you just want to sit down
he's got a cool haircut huh like always
here
you got a haircut huh looks so good dude
we're grabbing some lunch with the
Johnson BAM eat some Mexican food and
Jeffrey just showed me something really
cool the Johnson famine hitting a
hundred thousand see I didn't even know
you were that close dude that's so cool
that's nuts oh you guys are starting
your vlog up again August first I just
first we start up again and if they hit
100,000 subscribers so if you guys want
to see a new blog on their channel by
August 1st don't subscribe to them the
only 5,000 more and I know we can do it
and they're awesome and cute and they
can look at your face all day oh hey she
always likes to be tickled that's a nice
cute hey guys so today we're doing a
little update on aliens and all about oh
oh we're going to answer some tension
we're a ton all about you okay
Ollie are you filming a video with Mama
Givaudan that a long time huh all about
ollie yay mrs. filming right now
she's going on all about ollie three
year update because he's turning 3 today
for you guys tomorrow our baby's gonna
be three years old oh baby Kay okay okay
good luck with this all right bye guys
thanks for coming over
all right my mom just came over and she
brought a new toy for Finn and the cool
thing about this I don't know if you
guys remember when you were kids but I
remember I had one my brother had one
and they bumble balls yes and now this
is called a chuckle ball okay and I made
like little soft things on there yeah
now what is it to show us what it does
before we give it to face okay good
yeah that's so cool hi
so now we're gonna give that to fit and
see what he thinks okay he likes it
it's like perfect for him kinda like
perf it's kind of cool that it turns off
so he can like turns off and then he
just kind of moves it a little bit and
it turns back on what do you think yeah
hey all I guess what you're going to be
three years old tomorrow oh good job you
did it I just want to say Olli I am so
proud of you I love you so much okay
okay and there are a lot of other people
who love you oli did you know that you
love pain live yeah they're cool too so
today we actually found a video by Kyra
it's called happy birthday Ollie do you
want to watch it yeah okay
are all these people wishing you a happy
birthday
these are all your friends Ollie yeah
and they're saying happy birthday to you
isn't that quote so cool hey he's like
how do all these people know my name
isn't that Sony only he's so sweet and
smart and adorable
I think that was so cool thank you so
much Kira and everybody who sent in
birthday messages there are a time this
video is 6 minutes long look at their
singing happy birthday to him I'll be
singing happy birthday happy birthday
huge thanks to everyone who helped put
this together that was really cool Ali's
reaction when he was watching it as a
hilarious say thank you for the video
that was so nice then I put that
together for you ha Hira is also singing
Ali's song good voice Kira is it your
song
Thank You Kira that was seriously really
special all he loved that and I loved
that party mania happenin at Party City
right now lots of stuff for the party on
Saturday and for tomorrow we got the
crew helping out with this kid who is
fast asleep to see everybody yeah it
actually is pretty convenient Missy that
he's asleep right now was like making
decisions about his party and getting
things yeah like he does he doesn't even
have any clue he has no idea
you guys that was freaky bird yeah it
does remind me of the purge oh my gosh
can you not I did not do good during
that movie all right Ally when you wake
up tomorrow you will be three years old
you know what that means
that's right this is your last night as
a two-year-old toddler mmm
but you always be our baby okay okay yes
so it's always last night of being two
years old so we're gonna have a little
bit of glow stick fun right Olli you
want to put on glow sticks he's been
looking forward to this all day I said
tonight we need go to bed we'll play
with glow sticks yeah whoa ally what are
those yeah put him on cool glasses dude
we also have ring glow sticks Ollie look
at it's a ring they also came with
earrings check that out
all right now the fun is really gonna
begin you ready Ollie all right hit the
Lights
look at that army the glowstick action
has just begun yes they like back I like
fireworks huh break and then shake shake
shake
you
all right Holly by the time you wake up
tomorrow you're gonna be three are you
so excited yeah we spelled out the
hashtag hashtag oli turns three isn't
that cool
whoa I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up thumbs up and subscribe leave
a comment and wish alia happy birthday
down below and we will see him in Jana
okay okay my boys growing up he's
growing up
can you stop growing up please you can't
grow up you're gonna be a little boy
forever yeah oh thank you guys for
watching we'll see you tomorrow oli
what'd he say
