good morning look I almost got the whole
family in the frame all you look up yeah
I quit Hall industries and karma hi
karma good morning wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
one side big
Oh
you're with
how's it going guys always say good
morning go man what are we watching in
bed he's lucky can goo goo be do we do
where are you we've got some work to do
now right yeah I wrapped a good a few
we're all just hanging out in bed Finn
how are you feeling how'd you sleep
he slept really good yeah how long did
you sleep for again he wakes up for like
thirty minutes to an hour
oh hey Olli what are we gonna do today
me do it go shoot go swim yeah we should
go swim huh
Wally it's officially your birthday week
whoa holy two more days till your
birthday yeah are you excited yeah how
old are you gonna be oh three he did it
good job that takes skill karma what did
you get Ollie fourth birthday and a
couple years ago you forgot it good
morning guys well afternoon so mom and
dad are out doing a little birthday
mission we're watching Ollie we're doing
a little swim in hanging out having a
good time before mommy and daddy get
home of course
Karma's here too
that's good swimmin big arms big arms
good job karma seems to have found
something he wants to get get it chroma
yeah he thinks he can get it think you
can do these things karma but you can
let's remove that be more fun from her
Ollie hey Ollie's have a big hug give me
a hug he says sure ah look at you're
wearing your ollie Dino shirts you got
it from Colin Captain Cook going to do
that he just said I got this one captain
:
that is so funny yes it says ollie and
it says DBE jck summer vacay that's what
you got when we went on vacation with
them huh hey do you want to see your
friends again yeah yeah well I think you
may have some friends coming for your
birthday yeah speaking of your birthday
guess what Ollie Mama and Daddy were on
a top secret birthday mission yeah yeah
are you so excited I'm so excited too
yes Missy and I went out today we had
something to accomplish and we
accomplished it and I have to say I am
very happy and his birthday's gonna be
so much fun
so Ollie you're turning 3 on Wednesday
that's not tomorrow but the next day
tomorrow for you guys actually oh my
gosh it's gonna be so exciting so yeah
his birthday's on Wednesday we have a
couple presents for him we're having
that his party this weekend we have a
lot of friends coming we have some
youtubers coming it's gonna be a blast
but yeah I'm really excited to give him
the present that we got today I think
it's gonna be a birthday he will never
forget even though he's only turning 3 I
don't think he'll ever forget this cuz
we're gonna have it on video obviously
so it's hard for us to forget things
Missy and I have been gone all day cuz
we had a bit of a drive to do and now
we're back home then what are you
playing with what are you playing with
you are too cute mister yes you are
was that a ball all right all I keep
saying he really wants pizza but I think
we're gonna order pizza on Wednesday on
his birthday because he loves pizza
so I broke out Lunchables and it's a
make-your-own-pizza line I want to see
if he wants to do Ali do you wanna make
your own pizza yeah it sounds fun it's
so fun how you want to make the pizza
and then eat it in your house yeah all
right let's do that
all right let's open it up okay it's got
this handy dandy open right here yeah
it's super easy to do super all right
we've got crust it came with a water
bottle we also have our kool-aid so we
can make it kool-aid oh cool
we have sauce for your pizza and then we
have cheese and pepperoni and then we
have cheese's
good job dude again Oh Ollie good job
keep doing it keep doing it yeah good
job
all right put the pepperoni on a fun
good job put it on the pizza Lulu good
job ollie
yeah I look at we made pizza yeah who is
that
hey open the cheese it's okay do you
wanna take about a pizza no kids no why
not
okay so disclaimer Ollie loves pizza but
it has to be from our pizza place here
in town our local pizza place called
stadium pizza he will not eat any other
type of pizza it's kind of hilarious he
wanted to make this and we made it but I
could actually use a snack right now
mmm there's like no that's not from
Cydia be so darn good
Ollie where's your remote Oh Finn's got
it then you're gonna have to give that
back to me give it to dad dad look at
him he's like no I got it I'm running
away I'm running away
ah being the responsible big brother I
see huh yeah what are we watching
uh-oh it's wreck-it Ralph you want to
watch her Corral you and Finn watch
together okay
by the way Finn I'm totally digging your
outfit I loved these Sly Fox threads
bandana babes I think they look so cute
on him
look he really wants the remote oh oh oh
that was a nice roll did is it was
alright you guys play in here and be
nice okay okay
I love these boys so much you guys I
love that they can like play together
and chill together so fun look what thin
just did you guys
like over and over and he's climbing on
it this is what I did all by himself
he's I grabbed up to my hands and he's
like I need on you silly kid Oh what are
you doing yeah he's having so much fun
he's a big boy he tries to stand on this
thing all day long like even when no
one's on it he's like I'm like yeah
yes he's having so much fun oh my gosh
he's crazy
Missy are you kidding me right now dude
stand up stand up and grandmama said oh
you okay you got to work on your balance
bro oh he's so sad cuz he can't get on
it
there we go Meister is that better Ollie
he is so happy he has the biggest smile
on his face our kids are so funny
check out this beautiful sunset we have
awesome views out here I love it
the views and the sunsets out here where
we live are just amazing and even like
the front yard just looks out over just
like beautiful greenery and what is that
oh that's a birdie and look how pretty
it is look at those colors and that
pattern is crazy I think it's a
pterodactyl it's a pterodactyl wing this
is really cool though I'm just gonna
stick it right in there here let's just
leave it there kay I know it probably
has germs on it so let's not touch it
too much kay hey Ken always eating some
food and we've got tarlyn over and we
are making dinner Brian what are you
making tonight
burrito like this burritos yeah you know
me I have a problem with salsa he was
like cravings all said he's trying to
think of something to make with salsa
and so that he decided on breakfast
burrito spins over here making a
complete mess he's got like hummus some
tomato some broccoli some cheese some
peaches I think there was even some
strawberries in there he's into all of
it yeah he's he's so such a good little
eater he just eats everything huh in
broccoli right now aren't you
pretty good huh like I'm still not sure
about it like the peaches are better YUM
look at this though I literally have to
clean this entire thing every night it's
so much work all right thing we've got
the vaporizer going we've got a little
Vicks on his feet and I put a little on
his back as well and I hope good night
Finn is actually doing really good he
still definitely has like bronchiolitis
probably he doesn't have a fever anymore
he's definitely on the road to recovery
you ready for bed yeah I'm like ah mom
I'm ready for bed stop talking let's do
this
then you go tonight new and night-night
all right guys anyways hope you enjoyed
today's vlog we've got a really really
fun top secret day but I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog because
couple days you're gonna get to know
about the top-secret log so maze you'll
see you guys tomorrow
Hey
