what happened
and that was sitting on him and just
looking at it kept right eyes I'm like
oh my god and then this is all I did
like
good morning guys Ali's shirt says it's
always a good day today's gonna be a
good day huh where are we going oli
we're going outside oh that's a sword
yes that's a sword yes we're gonna go on
a boat
Missy woke up and came up with a genius
plan today I know yesterday I was like
what do I want to do today we decide
what we're doing we are going to Lake
and we're gonna run jet skis and we're
gonna hang out it's gonna be a fun day
are we gonna like picnic by the lake
yeah and then right on jet skis yeah we
don't actually have a boat but yeah and
then probably just sit on the lake Oh
Finn are you gonna write on some jet
skis yeah yeah that'd be so cool I think
you'd actually really yes you do you got
that from yesterday from the fireworks
huh my daddy okay auntie got it for you
yeah that was nice and auntie you have
all the towels you got the bag let me
carry those yeah bear hug them I'm bear
hug the towels there got it I got the
towels not to get poop chicken
I think you just made a connection that
the chicken we'ii is the same as the
chickens in the chicken coop
he might I like wait the ones in the zoo
we have made it to the lake you guys
Jimmy and Cassie and Jim are all out on
the sea-doos so waiting for them to come
back I'm gonna hop on one Ollie is
balancing a healthy option and a non
healthy option
he's got a cookie in one hand and what's
in your other hand what is that an apple
the yummy balance right here life is all
about balance okay hey you're gonna ride
on the jet ski with Daddy
isn't that some fun yeah lots of boats
out there
uncle auntie improper arguing right now
yeah let's go well meteorite here Mimi's
right behind you and pop us out on the
water
yeah you got a cooler full of snacks
chair and I'm craving some grapes all
you want some grapes no you got your
hands full already
then you want a grape he's good all
right Missy and I are hopping on the sea
do and Papa is gonna go with Ally
hi buddy you look like you're having so
much fun you're gonna go on a jet ski
with Tom
all right we're headed out onto the lake
so so cool I used to write CDs all the
time when we would go camping and Idaho
but I haven't been on one in a long long
time
Ollie and pop oh right now are on
you
Holly did you have fun oh you were
flying on the water weren't you yeah did
you get wet yeah got a little wet huh
now Missy and Auntie are going Ollie
wave to him have fun what do you think
ollie
just a boy playing in the lake that's
what I would do
we just got done with the lake and it
was so fun both boys are passed out back
there okay girls that is art on him and
he does it really yes he gets three
dinosaur egg so funny cuz yesterday Ben
was holding the blue Triceratops the
only the T t-rex's yeah it is both
obsessed with Dinosaurs
so cute but we're headed back to the
house and we're definitely going to be
getting in our pool it's a really nice
day but the lake that we just swam it
like the cleanest of lakes and so we
definitely want some clean water be a
great brand yeah a lot of people are
just different emotions yes but this one
specifically like this the like I grew
up in everything but we didn't swim
there very often because when my dad was
a kid the sewer system actually broke in
the lake and so forever it's always been
called Lake smell some more because it
smells and they say now that it's clean
and everything but I still find dead
fish laying up on that shore and it
freaks me out and when you like step in
it like it just feels like you're
stepping in the poop because if you know
what everything's going on anyways we're
ready to get in simply water though oh
you want Nana to what are we doing here
making a we have celery green beans
bananas and cheese that's a weird snack
for Finn Missy I know babe I know we're
baby led weaning well that's kind of
crazy
he loves it Oh with a step-over you hi
baby Holly we're gonna feed the chickies
okay you think they'll like it what else
should we put in this mixture Holly
Oh baby I got this for Finn but I'm
never gonna to him because it's like
frozen food I'm like oh all he thinks we
should give them frozen pink are baby
pancakes oh I don't think she's trying
to stay away from piggy pancakes yeah
I'm gonna give all these frozen so it's
a pretty big snack cuz obviously and I
can yell this but then afterwards I saw
like people who are doing like they put
all this fruit and veggies in like a
bundt cake pan and then they fill it
with water and then they freeze it and
then it's like a big ice cube and they
can peck at the ice cube and then
like water and they'll get like all
their fruits and veggies in there that's
good for them yeah and they love it
because it's fun like they have to pick
out it for a long time and it melts and
it's good to them asleep and so we're
gonna let him pick out it like this but
then I'm gonna freeze just like this
bowl you want a man or two you can have
an inner buddy go ahead grab one but
does anyone ever actually ask the
chickens and said hey is that fun do you
like that because they might be really
annoyed be like and why does everyone
think we like eating frozen food ha ha
ha
do you know how to open a banana yet
open it oh yeah you don't just squeeze
it till it opens you've got to peel it
like so
is that good yeah you're like the
chickens eating bananas all right we're
gonna hang out with them okay hanging
out with our ladies they're trying
Missy's fruit and vegetable mix and as
you can notice we are down to three
we actually woke up this morning and
found out that we lost our other silkie
needy which is really sad because we
loved the silkies most of all Lily went
out and got Sophia so I wanted silkies
are supposed to be like the most
child-friendly the most family-friendly
they want to sit on your lap so they're
super nice but I don't know if maybe the
person that I'm purchasing them from
didn't have like a good batch because
after the first day the other one just
started like slowing down too wasn't
keeping up with the pack which is kind
of always laying down yeah not really
eating a lot it was it was really sad so
we may have to get a couple silkies and
we may get them older and like where
they're established and they know their
health know they're healthy and when
they're older - you can find out that
they're females you can sex em easier -
so yeah it's just it was so strange
because she seemed fine and then she
fully started doing what the other one
was doing which is yeah not thriving
it's just failure to thrive and it's a
common thing but these three are getting
big oh great they run around like crazy
they got their feathers coming in super
cute
Oh what happened whoa
yes when that was sitting on him and
just looking at it kept right eyes I'm
like oh my god yeah and then this is all
I did like I don't know I don't think
the ladies are into your mixture yet
yeah well any there's a lot to try it
that's for them yeah yeah jump you gotta
jump breathe you gonna be brave okay
go jump you can do it you can do it jump
jump oh good job breathe Lynette
Susan yeah
all right Mimi picked up a pineapple
we're using our handy dandy pineapple
cutter it's working yeah and then you're
just gonna pull it out of that basically
look at all that juice gorillas we're
gonna do grilled pineapple YUM
I love grilled pineapple and then pull
it up right oh my gosh look at that this
is a juicy if I'm that old
yeah that's awesome all he loves
pineapple too so he'll be very happy
with that
auntie is hard at work shucking shucking
corn can never break it got it can use
an axe you need these yourself leave a
comment down below if this looks
familiar and if you remember he or she's
name we're gonna be cutting it up and
grilling it so that's kind of sad love
you all right
like the salt lamp tradition Oh how's it
taste okay
yeah thanks oh yeah try what it's not
that tastes like huh it's good it is
good yeah
um by the way guys I just put out a new
video right now it is my birthday haul
click on the link down in the
description below to go watch it oh my
gosh you still looking at Keele oh yes
taste that makes salt we just got
finished eating dinner and going
swimming hi
don't kill the kiss yes I could and in
the vlog today for Missy and Brian hope
you guys enjoyed if you did get bigger
thumbs up will comment down below and do
that free to subscribe to missing brands
channel and my channel and I was you
guys tomorrow actually I won't but Olli
will say bye
sir
says home in the
good to know
can't see it
I am home
