all right you guys I got a little
dilemma right now now I have to get both
kids in but this one fell asleep hey
Olli hey I need your wake up so you can
help me Holly
can you wake up okay so now I have a
very limp ollie
hey hey Olli hey I know you're tired
ready but can you wake up please don't
know what to do
good morning guys they're happy to keep
your watch it turns yes we are laying in
bed this morning Finn's taking his first
nap and I don't know what to do today
the gate my brother just came into town
and so I want to do something like
really fun but I can't figure find out
like what I want to do I was like let's
just lay down it's probably not the
smartest the most productive thing but I
love cuddling with my boy
and what are we watching I'm a lucky
ticket we're watching chickens for
watching Chicken Little he's never
watched it before he's really into
chicken so I thought oh this would be a
really fun movie that we could watch
together
all right I've made it outside I'm
dressed I put a top bit of makeup on so
I look like I was awake I was watching
Ollie play but now he's playing on here
with me or laying on here him and Cara
were running around the yard playing
together it's just such a nice day like
we actually went through like a really
really hot spell where it was like 150
degrees like for a few days and now it's
like not over 90 it's just beautiful
with the nice they're really nice we're
definitely in summation what is the
hundred fifty degrees you almost a
little too hot to even swim like you
don't even want to be outside at all
always gonna play with Karma they're
gonna run around the yard and Ollie is
watering our grass we have some dead
spot ally water the grass we have some
dead spots over here so I'm having to
put a little extra water on it right now
looking good dude looking good don't
don't don't I have a camera just
pointing over there those eyes over
there karma who is it I think your isn't
your boy it's Demi series
it's uncle he's playing in the water
good morning guys it is Saturday it's a
beautiful day
blue skies beautiful weather but I am
trapped in my mess of an office yes I
know my office is a mess I'm working on
it but I've actually been editing the
new intro all morning because I'm trying
to get it up I really I'm hoping to do
it soon
hashtag soon I can't tell you enough but
I'm working on it right now you could
see a little snippet ooh there's Missy
if there's a lot of little moving pieces
that just take forever to animate and
work so it's proving a little bit
difficult but I will get there
eventually I don't know when I know a
lot of you want to know when but I don't
know when you can't rush OTT I'm pretty
sure he's that joke on this ball is wet
hair anyways we're heading into a Rite
Aid and we're gonna get ice cream it's
something new my brother loved to do and
tell me this riding near my house just
got ice cream so I'm really excited and
if you don't know it is our favorite ice
cream ever right yes 5050 tzatzi best
ice cream ever has had little pieces of
like ice in it it's just so yummy so
we're gonna grab a bunch of ice cream
for the whole famine friggin back to the
house the ice cream so we were driving
back home and look like picked up there
were every two dogs like running on a
very busy
corners like a 50 miles yeah and like
it's going on a turn too so I pulled
over and I eventually were able to
safely get the dogs into the car so now
I have to chop up all the ice cream is
Jimmy's holding all of our ice right now
which is swear is not to drip it right a
Jew respected the homage all the ice
cream and then we have to make sure that
these dogs have colors and take them
home hopefully they have like idea
number one how the color one does not so
we're hoping they're at least together
hidden out a document just like start
following the other one but they're
super cute and super pretty and super
friendly friends gonna be so happy
look everyone I got doggies what is
going on I don't know what's going on
where did you get these dogs what are
you where'd you get these dogs this
always seems to happen Missy finds lost
dogs I gonna end up in our
responsibility what a lost dog right
look at home oh my god this one not good
okay let's go find these dogs
okay puppies oh you guys are cute
say hi hey where do you belong got a pet
license hopefully maybe he's not a tip
or something
you're so yeah he is cute definitely
girl pshh below she's definitely cute
all right we're gonna fill up this
bucket with some water to get them
hydrated we don't know how long they've
been out all right so we just called the
shelter and we learned their names and
the owner now knows we have them so
hopefully they'll be picked up soon this
is Bailey is not a good listener she's a
Boxer mix Roxy you wouldn't give Roxy
hers Otis said good job how do I get
Bailey 1.com is like I'll take one
caramel
love them yeah karma does enjoy them
super friendly too like don't take my
shirt yeah oh look at all of them just
hanging out that's cute
alright guys the owners finally called
us and he came right up he basically
said that the landscapers must have left
their gate open and when he checked the
gate was wide open he actually has a
third dog which was like a small white
dog and he was like was there a third
dog with them I was like no just a two
and that dog ended up running into the
house and those two dogs ran out of the
yard and started walking down the street
and they were definitely on a pretty
busy road where there was a corner I'm
glad I was able to grab them but he was
super super thankful and he came up
grabbed the dogs and he was really happy
that they were safe and everything but
he just sent home some got their home
and safe you're wearing target is my
happy place yes my box shirt it's so
cool so true Finn is wearing a home is
where mom is
yeah Holly show me your outfit whoa
rockin the plaid yeah just in case it
gets cold little sweater we're headed
out to go to dinner with Jimmy because
he's in town for fourth of July and all
he wants to eat some chips Oh Holly
we're not gonna eat chips because we're
gonna go eat dinner okay that's gonna be
yucky it's gonna be yucky yeah taste it
it's gonna be yucky yeah yeah it's yucky
though if you really want to eat it you
could eat I would have one Jim and then
we're gonna go dinner cake yeah it's
good it's not yucky no manipulation is
it good okay all right you guys I got a
little dilemma right now we are at the
restaurant and Missy went in because we
did call a hit head seating she's the
first one there her parents aren't there
yet they let her to the table and now I
have to get both kids in but this one
fell asleep hey Ally hey I need you wake
up so you can help me I gotta get the
baby Holly can you wake up
I know finished so he wants to get out
you want to get out I know I'm trying to
wake your brother up hailey can you hold
that for me he's so tired oh my gosh
don't know what to do alright come here
mister
come here can you wake up are you awake
okay we're gonna stand up and okay we're
gonna stand up now okay so now I have a
very limp ollie
hey hey Ollie hey I know you're tired
ready but can you wake up please
all right we're standing up hey there we
go
are you awake okay Ollie I need you to
put your backpack on can you put your
backpack on got it are you good
good morning ollie you want to go eat
dinner with Mimi and Papa yeah let's go
okay I've got the baby I've got the
diaper bag
I've got the boy let's go here hold my
hand hold my hand thank you ollie we
made it yeah say yeah
we made it babe yeah I watch some of
that fish you did not want to wake up
that Brent looks good is it yummy what's
it taste like taste tastes like Dino
poop
everything tastes like denim apparently
all right so we are now at Mema and
Poppa's and we kinda have something to
show you guys although I dad need your
dad is amazing so we have a top secret
projects coming up something new and fun
and we needed a giant chest so Jim built
one go go you could do it we won't tell
you guys what we're doing just yet but
there will be an announcement soon about
something new and we're very excited
look I can't believe you built this it
was crazy so crazy it's so nice Jim yeah
we got the hydraulics ordered keep it up
and then yes soft clothes it's just so
sturdy what's it made of
it's mostly pine but and then I glued it
all so that just gives it an extra oh
wow braces or any of them that is cool
and it's big enough for a person which
is what we needed
oli what are you sitting in with
decorations
it tries your box it's kind of like a
treasure box huh careful with that do
you like it we just got to put treasure
at it huh hey oli what do you want to
fill this box with dinosaurs what else
maybe stuff to play with
yeah we have made it to the park we've
got all our chairs set up Finn's playing
always falling we're getting ready to
watch fireworks it's not actually fourth
of July in this town they do the
fireworks just Saturdays before fourth
of July are you excited to see fireworks
what do fireworks do
oh that's what happens when you run whoa
I think he's falling on purpose now look
at Finn right now you guys just Chile's
can be hanging out in the grass
you
you
we just got done with fireworks and it
was super fun all it loved it and he is
now passed out in fact look at him he
like lined up his sword right against
her bag and I just keep having this
envision where if we're to get into a
car accident
it's like stab see he's pretty addicting
right now both kids are asleep yes that
means we get to go home I think it's the
bed and hopefully just chill and watch
my favorite show ever it is such a
beautiful summer night tonight and like
warm and I feel so good it was really
really nice I did want to let you guys
know that we still have some shirts
available for the slyfox collab shirts
we're completely sold out of all the
adult sizes we have a few left of the
kids and onesies and let me tell you we
did let order a very limited supply so
if you want one grab them now because
this is your last chance and then those
are going to be basically vintage so if
you want them grab them now we'll have
the link down below so you can get one
but that
the superfine collab and we're really
excited we were able to do that with you
guys we're gonna go ahead and the vlog
give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
by
baby
inside
in the
good Hornets
I can't say it
I am home
Oh
