now we're gonna take the kids outside to
go swimming we're taking you okay be
good be on your best behavior we have
your arm floaties yes you'll be okay
wherever you are that's whatever wannabe
Oh
forever your win
good morning boy morning
Finn did you sleep so good cuz you're
like the happiest kids this morning
hey oli how you feeling today you know
what you didn't get a fever and you feel
really good too this morning yep you're
watching a movie
getting some relaxation on having fun I
think they're actually feeling so good I
think we're gonna do swim okay you want
go swim oh you want to go to some class
no what why not you don't want to go
swim with your teacher class ha ha ha
Finn do you wanna go swim yeah guys to
him Finn is now eating some breakfast
he's got strawberries and bananas and he
actually ate an entire granola bar you
guys he's been loving the husk and all
of ours haven't you oh oh
one more piece he's like one more piece
yay Holly look at our bed head we both
have crazy hair huh yeah whose bed head
is words mine are Ollie's let us know in
the comment well you're gonna go to swim
class okay good you're gonna jump into
this pool yeah go get it okay okay you
don't do that
hey have fun at some class okay so for
breakfast this morning I am making
myself a little breakfast burrito but
honestly I wake up in the mornings and I
just crave salsa specifically this kind
it's called del real fire-roasted red
salsa de milk ahead hey Roja I probably
said that completely wrong this sauce is
so good you guys and I'm always trying
to find an excuse to eat it on something
because it's so good it's also kind of
torturous because it's really hot I'm
gonna make a breakfast burrito of course
I just got that making my food and
Finn's done with this just seems to be
how it works when you're a parent all
right I gave Finn some of my potatoes
and eggs to keep him busy for a couple
minutes while I eat he actually really
likes it that's a really good breakfast
for him too yummy huh all right Olli
where we going look we're going to swim
you
I bet you'd swim ashore all
all right that's right oli just passed
level two
I'm so proud of you you passed level two
you're such a big boy you wouldn't all
have a swim huh so in order to pass
level two he has to be able to swim to
the bottom of the pool to retrieve rings
with assistance glides do it from the
instructor with eyes down basic arms
whitewater kicks and rolls over and hold
a survival float for ten seconds
independently back glides and with kicks
- instructor independently jumps into
the water rolls over - into survival
float and kicks back to the wall safely
climbs out of the pool independently he
does all of that so good he is
definitely past level two and in order
to past level three he has to be able to
two arms and then roll to his back and
kick and do all that all the way across
the pool once he can do that all the way
across the pool with I think little to
no assistance he'll pass level three so
he's kicking it man he is doing so good
you're doing so good huh so proud of you
I love you Bubba look at this I've got
some crazy makeup on right now we are
doing our next little product today it's
a photo shoot in the house Wow got
wall-e and set up he brought - yes very
very cool we are shooting for the US
album and a booklet and promo everything
we're getting done today and Missy's
gonna be a lot of it - yeah so I've got
something all glammed dark makeup on
today but I think it's gonna look really
good it's really dramatic I guess you
could say but I'm Jane I'm - I gotta
change a diaper I gotta take care of a
baby being a mom neverthought
does it my love you just need mama right
now huh
hey my little dinosaur go on the play
area hey Ollie I like your tail I'm
gonna go swimming I'm gonna jump in the
pool ooh
swim time ollie so we just wrapped up
the photo shoot and it went amazing we
have so much cool stuff to work with so
I'm really excited for you guys to see
this but I wanted to show you my new key
that I got made specifically for the
album and I got this from giving keys
also and it simply says us on it which
is the album title really really cool
and Macy's got one too
Missy's is actually on like a little
dainty necklace but it also says us kind
of like the perfect length
oh really you like it oh cool because I
had to choose the length and I was
worried I chose too short but we just
finished up and it went really well and
now we're gonna take the kids outside to
go swimming we're taking you okay
be good be on your best behavior we have
your arm floaties yes you'll be okay
thank you all right so the Johnson
family is here and they brought their
dog Molly who loves playing with karma
lately and they're swimming how's the
water feel guys
the water is oh my gosh it's really nice
hi buddy how you feeling today ollie
got this oh we got a doggy huh dive for
it go go go go go get it all of you dive
for it - yeah Oh jumped right on top of
each other he almost got you Liv
did you get it whoa no oh look at this
you guys Jeffrey's vlogging
when you're gonna put up vlogs again
dude everyone keeps wondering
yeah just like transparent job oh he's
gonna go to the big rock go Ollie go
Ollie it's your birthday it's your
birthday
oh you've got it buddy
check this out is so hot our car is
telling us to be careful excessive heat
watch heat advisory is such a hot day
no it's 102 right now and you know I've
been staying the past couple days that
like we get really hot days and then at
night it like cools down animals
definitely getting to the time where it
should cool down and it's still really
hot like for us though we've been inside
all day shooting so I had to go out to
my I was nice even I was trying to watch
Ollie swim and but I wasn't in the pool
and I was just like oh my gosh it's so
hot out here because we're like in pants
cuz we just got done yeah and I'm like
all in black animal I was wearing a
long-sleeve earlier but we are all
pretty much angry at this point
Elysa adults are fizz we had breakfast
but we never ate lunch oh that's right
yeah so we are the Johnsons at dinner
for helping us out yeah there's no
awesome so we are headed to dinner with
everyone and I am absolutely starving so
it sounds really good I'm still got my
really dark makeup on I look like I am
ready for the club yeah I look like I'm
ready for a club or something I never do
my makeup like that it's just like very
black and dark but it's kind of cool
I guess I'll do for today I've almost
took off my makeup before I left so like
this it just feels like too much on key
but I guess it looks fine
Polly what are you wearing sunglasses
and what do they do
you make your eyes feel better yeah I
forgot my sunglasses and it's very
bright
Holly was smart hey where you going
Benny you ready to eat some food we're
gonna go eat some food with the Johnsons
okay Missy got her chimichanga so she is
very happy Jimmy Chung that's like the
size of Finn right there babe the size
of a small baby that's like the size of
baby Brooks right there we all got our
food Olli what are you eating would eat
for dinner tonight
grilled cheese grilled cheese the yummy
it's yeah sometimes Ollie gets food and
then doesn't eat it
nothing here you know that right the
more you eat bigger and stronger you get
okay like Captain America you wanna be
like Captain America no what about
Superman you wanna be like Superman
right about that so you may be like
dinosaur yeah yeah what dinosaurs eat
lots because they want to be big and
strong are you guys we took daily bumps
camera and now we are heading into do
you remember how to vlog I kind of do a
little bit we're headed into the Rite
Aid and we're gonna get some ice cream
because what's not a better thing to get
after Mexican fuse than ice cream from
writed right what are you gonna get
count jungle chocolate all the other
babe you want come on what are you guys
getting chocolate really ciao Bravo
rocky road
but can I ask any gonna get a pink
lemonade oh I know they had that you
should get bubblegum
you
all right kiddos you're all gross after
eating ice cream so we're gonna take a
bath okay
hey all you want to take a bath with
your cousins okay you got to pick one
okay
we have luck the backbones to choose
from you can only choose one okay which
one do you want
I'm the golden one yeah I think that's a
bubble bar well that one is actually not
like a bath bomb like you shoes like one
of these powdering one oh yeah I bet
that yellow or that orange one you guys
want to do the orange one I think the
organ has like a big sparkles on all in
the middle Oh actually it like spewed
out purple do you guys want that one all
right
you have chosen that one
all right kiddos we're gonna put the
bath bomb in the water you ready to see
what happens okay purple purple - Wow
hey buddy
what are you doing you back I'm back
how's it going you look rather comfy
ollie back boy ooh you got new bath toys
what is this after a cat turd dactyl yes
it is it almost ate you I'm sorry you
okay buddy
yeah okay hey you wanna help me on the
vlog yeah okay did you have fun down ah
such a fun day ollie yeah yeah can you
say thanks for watching today's video
okay what's the amana
