good morning
in the vlog with these boys they always
are so excited to say good morning with
me I hope you guys don't mind eggs I
feel like it can be kind of boring but I
think it's cute no like can we start the
vlog and they like come cuddle up with
me and we like say together it is such a
nice day today we're actually starting
the vlog where we kind of ended the vlog
yesterday because it's just been so nice
out and I noticed yesterday I had filmed
a shot of the top of our chicken coop
which yes still has Santa and his
reindeer on top and there's even like
blown up and everything we just haven't
had time to take it down it's kind of a
process you gotta get a ladder you gotta
climb up there you get on hook it it's
an ordeal but we need to do it it's
kinda silly that it's still up there
um but yeah we what oh yeah we probably
get a helicopter to get it down huh
probably like fly up there it's gonna be
really complicated anyways it's so nice
umm and I'm probably gonna head up to
the barn a little bit later we're just
hanging out right now I'm gonna play
with the boys got some work to get done
Brens in his office right now working
yeah we just got a busy day today okay
guys I had to have Brian take a quick
little break while working because my
bat my dad is showing something crazy
okay you're going to freak I want to see
where it's over here hang on okay so you
see how we have these plants right here
like all this these blue flowers and all
this green shrubbery it goes all the way
up there right look at this it's not
that smell it yeah okay
what is that it smells so good no this
no it's rosemary all all rosemary bushes
we had no idea oh we have a ton of I
smell it and I'm like mmm steak I know I
pulled out the crushed rosemary just so
I could smell it to see if it smells the
same and obviously this smells way
better but it smells the same it's
rosemary that's crazy we have our own
herb garden we had no idea we've lived
here for almost two years now
I just thought it was some Bush
know-it-all right where we had advised
yeah I do I see nacho and they got their
boots on and we were actually taking pay
and live they were over for a little bit
just hanging out and playing and so now
we're gonna take them up to go maybe
give nacho a little ride but yeah I
actually just got back um to see from
seeing him because he had a little
farrier appointment which is someone who
comes in and kind of cleans their hubs
and trims them and stuff and so it was
really fun to kind of be there and see
them do that and just kind of learn
about their hubs and stuff and so he's
looking awesome I'm so glad he got a
time he definitely needed it and now
they look really really cool so yeah I'm
just really excited he doesn't need
shoes or anything for now at least we'll
see how he does once I start getting him
on trails more often but he was just
awesome during it he did not move he was
stiff as a board and just did so great
so I'm just so proud of him I'm just
proud of myself for getting such a good
horse
but anyways alright let's go red alright
we just got notch out and we're taking
some pictures and I think we're gonna
put them on him bareback have you ever
sat on a horse bareback you want to try
it he's really sweet he's really nice
and Finn is over here poke him with a
dig you can pet him all right we did it
oli look here baby oh my god you guys
look so cute
alright let's give him a good brush even
hit it in I gotta get are you enjoying
it though pretty fun huh get him all
clean you can even brush his his tail
over here yeah it's actually not tingly
but it's very coarse his hair is very
coarse it's not like your hair huh good
job guys you guys are being so cute
you're gonna get those tangles out
aren't you so I am on top of nacho right
now and I don't think I've ever logged
on him before and I don't know if I'm
like vlog ever ah no more
so it is a little bit difficult can't
really see him right now because he
doesn't nickering he does still like
some of the English raining so I can't
just like lay it over like oh that's why
he's not really doing it yeah I'm gonna
go get my helmet on and get the girls
HELOCs on and take them for a little
ride we got paint on say hi give nacho a
behind you hold on to me we go
he like grabs those reins and he's like
let's go okay you ready yeah let's go
just meeting up with Missy and all the
kids down at the ranch and Missy just
put nacho and a really good canter babe
that was cool so good so good dude yeah
he's an amazing horse Missy right now is
braiding his tail last night I was like
do it that's awesome that looks cool
wait so are you gonna do that all the
way down or yeah yeah I think all the
kids had an amazing time hanging out
with the horse today
Hey what are we doing yeah they have
chickens too and that cool you want to
see the chickens Peyton cool what you
got in there
keepin it nice oh you guys are such good
helpers that's so cute
that is heavy Ollie you're doing good
buddy
Holly I would throw it buddy
yeah let's just throw it for him
there you go then you got some too good
job
Missy just finished her pray this part
but I didn't know I thought it was
supposed to end it I think oh it looks
good yeah man all right the kids are
cleaning up the black mats here in the
barn okay whoa okay well let's let's
push it off of them off the map kay push
all the dirt off the mat no dirt allowed
whoa there you go yeah just like that
paint in
all the kids are such good helpers on
the ranch
good job kiddos getting your hands dirty
ha laughs and here we are now home and
we all just ate dinner hmm
we all did so good we all ate all our
dinner huh
I made an amazing shrimp fettuccine
alfredo that was so good The Voice had
so much fun hanging out with nacho ha
was that cool yeah they did oh do you
want to show them what they brought you
go get it he's gone did you find out all
right do you know what they are
che come there's snow globes oh really
dump down put this sock and yeah yeah
and they have cool glitter so nice buddy
is so cool yeah that was so neat of them
look at this one is so cool yeah also if
you guys have not been paying attention
I've been struggling a lot with nachos
name and I've been kind of asking for
suggestions lately and I came up with
two that I really like so I'm gonna go
ahead and tell you why I like them and
then we're gonna put a little pull up
here and you guys can vote which one you
think is the best option so I actually
did a poll on Instagram just like asking
if I should like keep it or change it
and not so yeah and so I actually was
like pretty close it was like 50/50 some
a lot of people are ready to change it
and a lot of people want me to not
change it but think what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna keep his name
I'm gonna add like a second name flash
nickname so my two options are nacho
nacho I really liked macho because it's
very similar to macho and I heard nacho
and I probably just call him macho but
he is definitely like a protective horse
I think he's gonna end up being like the
horse that keeps me safe and teaches me
and he's just gonna be like my little
man I don't know I I thought what I
think he is so I've got macho as an
option and I just love how it's like
exact Tom's exact like nachos so he
wouldn't even feel like I was calling it
something different but then the other
one is Phillipe and I really like nacho
Filipe or just Phillipe because I've
always loved using the beast as you guys
know I've been obsessed with it and
Belle and maurices horse was named
Philippe and I just think it's a really
really pretty name
yeah I'm thinking nacho Philippe also as
an option so cool oh let me know vote up
there or you can leave it down a comment
down below if you don't think she should
name it yeah so let me know down below
also yeah like which one you think if I
should not change it at all
anyways Bryan's putting his cat now oh
yeah new kitties are doing great I can
send it's just so easy you know they're
just really really easy to take care of
baby wait I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video make sure you have a big
thumbs up if you did we had so much fun
and we'll see you guys smile bye
