good morning guys today we are catching
frogs Oh oh my gosh it's so tiny right
I've never seen a frog that tree frog oh
wow he was underneath the refrigerator
you see the little froggy
he's very jumping all down
he is so little oh my gosh good thing
Finn invited me to just ate him
now then what up missing then what a
great night we need I was never a dull
moment at our house you guys were always
catching something we're gonna try and
set him free and somewhere nice all
right I think we're gonna put them right
on this tree okay is he sticking to it
oh oh he's like no I want to stay with
you oh there you guys cool grass
delaying there we go he was so cute and
little Holly it was a baby froggy yep
say bye-bye froggy
jerilyn is here hooking you up with
socks at VidCon cuz she couldn't go are
those cool holes are open K she's like
on YouTube that's so fun so Olga Kay
if you don't know she's a Russian
youtuber and she actually escaped her
country and joined the circus to escape
yes she's like a crazy story she's super
cool and inspiring and she made these
cool
Mushu ops any more goodies yeah oh yeah
we got you a really good goodie oh thank
you
do you love it you leave it for my
birthday we felt bad cuz you could go to
VidCon Kitty's talents obsessive kay so
anytime I see kitty anything I'm like
get it for Tara Lee seriously what does
this one say this is not so when you're
hanging out with all the boys they know
that's what your moms like you should
get that one like okay thanks so we just
got the car back from the shop and look
what we added I'm like super excited
about this
oh boom trailer hitch that's cool I like
this cover we got a trailer hitch just
in case this summer we want to get any
cool goodies that can attach to the car
and we just updated it so the Volvo now
has car play look at this you guys I'm
geeking out over this technology but we
basically use this in all the other cars
that we have cuz they have car play and
the coolest thing is that it has maps
which is really nice when we got this
car the Volvo SUV it was actually one of
the first cars on the market to have car
play and we never updated it I don't
know why it's just hard being without
your car for a while so that's why we
took the car to the shop to get
everything done and they updated a bunch
of things I guess they had a recall on
the sunroof to which they fixed so
that's nice and we finally have car play
now I play in all our cars and it's so
funny because misses like I will not buy
a car unless they have apple carplay cuz
it's just so convenient type your
messages right there your Maps
everything music it's really cool it's
like I got a little iPod stuck in my car
oh hello Finn are you supposed to be
napping you're chewing on his arrows
that's not cool
don't shoot up don't shoot him woo
you hit the cloud how dare you
it's still one-of-a-kind now you know
are you getting cuddles from me me
Oh tara lynn terilyn teddy this is what
you do you just come over and you start
attacking us get fit don't it really
hurt oh it actually doesn't hurt I hit
your brother's hand like from ten feet
away at full and it no he didn't hurt ok
can you hit my hand here we go we're
gonna test hit my hand on up you're not
my face you're crazy
she shot me they know shooting people
yeah don't be about influenced early not
only I'll just a hot gun
oh my gosh day two of me and all I'm
taking a nap actually means finding a
nap
it was so nice I feel like I'm getting
spoiled or something and I'm thinking I
might be getting addicted to taking naps
cuz it's so freakin nice I want to take
a nap every single day but it is time to
clean the chicken coop we've got all
these shavings I need to clean up they
poop a lot if you didn't know so I
always have to come out here and clean
up their poop clean all the shavings up
and then laying new bedding down and
stuff and I pretty much have to feed
like fill up their food and water
probably at least once sometimes twice a
day these chickens eat a lot and I'm
actually thinking I should get like a
better feeder just because they aren't
they often kick stuff into their food or
they just stand on top of it and I'm
always where they're gonna like poop in
it they poop in it they'll eat it I
think I want to find a better way to
give them their food but if not now at
least for when they get outside that way
I don't have to be constantly checking
on it because I don't want the Dever
like run out of food and stuff they're
just the cutest little chickens I'm
excited to get more because they really
do feel like we're gonna want more
chicken soon
all right you guys are gonna go play on
the grass while I clean up your little
bed I'm gonna Pat Lynette oh do you love
our chicks do you love our chicks lolly
yeah hanging outside with my chicks all
Missy cleans their little coop out I
cannot believe how big they've gotten
you guys seriously like they have
different feathers coming in different
colors they're just bigger in size it's
amazing
can you believe these tickets you guys
oh my gosh and I'm not sure this one
they it's a little bigger they say that
it could be a rooster but this one was
actually sex so I don't know they're so
soft though what why you want me to pick
one yeah all right let's grab Bree she's
my favorite oh hi Bree yeah you want
some food yeah yeah I love Bree I love
the colors on her feathers that are
coming in like the gray and the black
and the brown this is how you get chicks
Ollie you feed them it tickles she likes
you also comin out holy why'd you do
that I'm hungry so yeah this is our
little miss Bree van de Kamp
she's a Rhode Island Red she's gonna lay
some awesome eggs all right let's pick
another one Ollie which one should we
take out yeah what
oh that's Edie here I'll grab her hi
Edie oh this is Edie she's our little
silkie super fluffy super small this one
is so calm Missy and gentle so cute get
some food for Edie Ollie there we go I'm
looking at him too Finn what do you
think Finn do you like them yeah hold
out your hands Ollie see if they'll take
some Oh Edie is a silky
she lost her other silky friend Gaby
maybe we'll get another one here soon
silkies are not very good on their own
you can already tell she
kind of not super accepted into the
group yeah
the girls just kind of all hang out and
she's sort of always hanging out by
herself so I'm like daily and they were
usually were hanging out together
yeah Gabby and her so so funny the
silkies do hang out together food you're
doing really good being gentle so yeah I
know we can never replace Gabby but
we're gonna have to replace Gabby hair
bitch okay but seems like these four are
all doing really really good
this is Lynette and this is Susan do you
guys know their names by heart now by
the way I always say their names like
telling you their names but I'm like oh
you guys probably know their names all
right I'm gonna grab Lynette oh my god
she's even heavy you are a big girl you
wanna hang out with all your girlfriends
don't Tekkit me I did - none - you go
hang out with the girlfriends oh look at
those wings getting light Lynette is
slowly turning white you can see her
feathers they got that so pretty
any SuperDuper pretty ya know we always
think that Lynette's in charge because
she seems in charge but I have a feeling
that now Brees trying to be in charge
Oh Brees gone in for a position what and
now okay we got to bring you out - she's
like I'm all alone I'm sad my baby this
is Susan I hear it's good to let him out
and let him play in the grass and peck
at the dirt so like cover yeah you gotta
watch for the birds stay with my chicks
we love these chicks don't we see look
at Eddie just get smashed and pushed out
of the grooves like she's the small one
oh look seems like I'll just be here
guys
they're not gonna eat you and that's
breathe yeah yeah she won't eat yeah
okay nice you gotta be really gentle
with them oh they're eating the food off
you
you
you
ah what are you eating tonight buddy
he's eating quinoa and apples um Ben
does really good eating during the day
and like doing baby led weaning and
stuff for the last two nights I'm like
let's give it more fruits I just for me
I want you like full dollar what are you
saying you really like this food like
this little Chucky alright Mama's turn
he's okay good Holly what are you doing
you watching Dino eggs on YouTube oh
cool really and you're eating your
dinner yeah are you happy boy do you
have fun today hanging out with dead
chicks that was cool huh ah mama
brushing your teeth oh I like your
tattoos you get that at swim yeah hey
what's your favorite color
hey what's your favorite dinosaur yeah I
think I see you can see fish is cute
actually I didn't say what your favorite
dinosaur is no what is it ont t-rex just
case you guys are all friend right all
these favourite dinosaur is it you
better take a big water he always wants
to use my cup that's actually not a real
cup it's the charger for my toothbrush
but it could be used as a cup how do you
use it yeah
okay that's good you're just renting out
your teeth good job
and he's done we don't in the bar golly
yeah oh did you have such a fun day tell
them what you did today
hey tick you played with the chicks yeah
wow that was fun huh yeah thumbs up the
video guys thanks for watching we'll see
ya man now booyah booyah booyah booyah
all right Ally what do you say we yeah
oh it's nothing new ending is how I end
it yeah yeah I'm gonna end up with a
broken camera
we ended like that all right okay bye
hey Benson
is home in the video
Hornets are kissing
can't see it
I am home
