you guys don't Billy is gonna start a
band good morning guys say good morning
morning I'm hanging out with Ollie this
morning this is my favorite thing to do
is just lay on the couch put on a Disney
movie what are we watching only Monsters
Inc that's right and just cuddle snuggle
all morning with my little boy been
trying to clean the house it's kind of
mess but I was like you know what I just
wanna cuddle on the couch with Ollie I
have a human eating breakfast
oh no rest part in the movie where they
get sent to the frozen land is Elsa
gonna show up yeah yeah she should she
should show up and then what should she
sing what song does Elsa sing sing let
it go let it go
right whoa-ah vomited snowman he's so
cute when you watch his movies he just
like he knows what's going on now it's
crazy yeah today's gonna be a good day
Missy's out on a long drive to go to a
doctor's appointment
and we have the other car in the shop so
we got lots of things going on today
good
guys we are at the doctor's right now
and we are getting Finn's test results
for a kidney old rasam that he had a
while ago and so I'm hoping that we get
good news I guess we'll see how you
found today he slept the whole way here
so I'm really proud of him hey hey hey
all right we just made it home and we
had actually a pretty good visit at the
doctors they said his ultrasound was
looking really good and that his kidneys
look like they're basically normal yes
I've been waiting for this information
since forever but she said the left one
was like perfect and the right one is
just like slightly mild like in the one
to two degree section or whatever so I'm
really really super happy about that
news I definitely was like I really
don't want to be like worse cuz they at
once at one point she said it looked
like it was kind of worse I'm pretty
happy with those results so hopefully
she said we won't even have to go back
until like six months and then we'll do
another ultrasound and hopefully by six
months they'll be completely better so
that'll be awesome just worked on those
kidneys kay make them all better all
right Bryan just got home with groceries
and the kids actually so so hot outside
so hi the kids both took awesome NAB's
actually Ali's still asleep he actually
woke up and then came into my room
because I was kind of napping and then
he just like cuddle up with me and then
he just totally fell asleep so he's
still asleep like we held me in a good
mood when he wakes up yes sir
we've got hay and I think the Johnston's
are gonna come over yep we're new dinner
and goes something hence why I have a
baby right now anyways Bryan just got
home with some groceries he actually
went out and got groceries for us which
was really
because I didn't like really eat lunch -
it was nice yeah sounds like I know I
guess I needed it without any of us
which I think sometimes takes longer cuz
we're there and we're just got kids and
you know everybody can't make everything
taper yeah like three times as long yeah
yeah we're just gonna throw away some
groceries and have some fun day
I got finding Dory fruit snacks of
course all he was asking to watch
running Dory today sadly that probably
won't come out on DVD - like next year
yeah fins down here just hanging out
what are you doing buddy hey dude you
want to play this box oh yes yeah yes I
do
he loves blended all the boxes yeah
sometimes like get them out and then
starts like sliding on the floor with
them it's actually pretty cute Ollie
what are you we in fruit snacks finding
Dory fruit snacks huh these are the
cutest things ever you guys like the
fruit snack designs are really good
that's Bailey like I feel like that's so
good they're really step up stepping up
their game I feel like when we got fruit
snacks we kind of had to use our
imagination be like oh yeah the fruit
snack does look like spongebob
squarepants
not really can you find a Nemo one I
want to show them an emo one okay here
is an emo one how cute is that
you gonna eat Nemo don't eat him ah you
ate him like a little shark huh hey do
you have a good nap you want to play
yeah
you know I was just saying that
sometimes then gets out a box these are
sliding around the floor with it well he
didn't find a box he found a metal pin
and this is exactly what he does with it
with a bobby pin pin come here that's
what he does
you guys are so silly
you guys gonna start a band should you
sing so you sing and finn'll play the
drums okay when you doing finis making a
racket he loves making a racket quiet
Finn is playing music what are you
singing oli stegasaurus on his back he
how two rows the place they were armored
plates right Ally hey I like you are
annoying
it's like thought he was gonna say all
he loves the Stegosaurus song he sings
it all the time yeah case in point
speaking of finding dory yeah you saw
that huh look who's here
I know he really wants go see it again
okay we'll go see it again okay all your
cousins are here yay everyone jump up
and down yeah
hey Johnson BAM is over we're gonna go
in the pool and we also got a lasagna in
the oven yeah you ready go swimmin Olli
yeah it's like a hundred million degrees
outside let's go Oh who's that okay Rita
oh she's so cute
Alyssa Alyssa Alyssa the dog
you
we had such a blast swimming and hanging
out and refreshing in the pool we
actually all just shaved up a huge
lasagna which was awesome and now we're
trying something different oh wait yes
okay so he's been eating okay but um oh
I'm looking he just grabbed things okay
actually give him a little bit more food
and I don't want to deal with the mess
yeah big meal in meeting is kind of
crazy and I just gave it fast so I was
like well maybe I'll try this been
feeding it some food because he also
hasn't been nursing as much stuff I'll
try again it's more food so you're just
gonna squeeze it onto that yeah we're
trying what is this Gerber organic fruit
and vegies here it's apples and mangoes
here let's just try a little
anything that's right here I look good
okay that's right - cuz he doesn't
really know how to spell he's like do
you like that why don't you let him grab
it and try and suck it out he is sucking
now
just try it there we go did you get me
no no no he really wants a teaspoon I'll
give you the sphere there we go
yummy this kids growing up too fast babe
Hagen's means crazy health much faster
the second kid grows up you know um he
really just loves the spoon oh yeah
don't feed your kid when they're wrapped
in a nice wet towel I think that's a
good lesson we learned today okay here
hey hey do you see how if he's hungry he
just wants food I just don't think he
knows that it's coming out of there like
put it in his mouth and so get cake stop
stops the see see but now he knows there
we go
and that interesting it's crazy how
different this is wait the second kid
you know
do you like that he likes it he's going
for it good job something's going on
here
oli look here put your put your
lightsaber up put your lightsaber up
live turn yours on live turn yours on
the rez the best no don't hit the cloud
don't hit the cloud you're continuing to
hit the cloud hey fight get her get her
whoa oh-ho that was a good hit liver you
okay Olli are you okay Olli
ooh we should let our kids beat each
other out one for bed Oh trapped in the
toy chest clean up clean up everybody
everywhere clean up clean up everybody
do your share the kids are cleaning the
playroom and then they are going
night-night huh yeah are you guys tired
you're too baka ha ha ha look campus I
come on cuddle with Jeffrey you mean so
cute that's Karma I always push no limit
you guys we got all the kids to bed live
and pay are sleeping in the guest room
sweet and now we are watching Big
Brother well Missy and I already watched
it but I need them to catch up because
we're gonna be doing like Big Brother
stuff all summer yes if you guys don't
want you being Big Brother you should
because we're probably gonna be blogging
about it a lot Oh
mocking everyone vlogs blogger cuz
if we're catching up everyone else is
ready yes Jeff he's like if I'm forced
to watch this everyone pretty good like
I'm enjoying the only thing that's hard
about Big Brother's like people like to
give away secrets not annoys me
yeah no spoilers no spoilers guys thank
karamja see I think when I'll go ahead
and end today's vlog but I just want to
remind you guys that we do have shirts
still available on slide box rides calm
I'll have a link down below in the
description be sure that you use the
code Independence Day because it gets
you 30% off it actually makes them
cheaper than what we are selling them
for at VidCon which i think is a pretty
sweet deal so be sure you go check that
out thank you guys for watching and get
the swagger thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and we'll see ya
been said
is home in the
so good heart attack it's an eye
I'd say yeah
I am home
Oh
