like you're not supposed to be watching
me put it on the floor good morning guys
Finn is down for a nap right now and
trying to get ready for the day I've got
piles of things everywhere look at this
I've got laundry there which I'm pretty
sure one of those suitcases all dirty
laundry and another one is like other
stuff I got to put away big pothole of
just basically mostly swag like this is
just two bags of just all the things
that we like got over the weekend so I
should do that and it is basically
lunchtime hi baby
yeah how come you want chocolate milk
what are you wearing mr. Bunny's
Superman me yeah man that Batman can you
fly like Superman
he's so stinking cute today we are just
trying to get some lunch together and
looks like today's just kind of cleanup
ketchup
just cuz everything is just a mess right
now so I'm unpacking all of our little
goodies and I just packed a bag for
Brian and he's taken it to daddy's
office right okay
go drop it off love you he's got the
hiccups right now so he like can't talk
at all but actually like you I've
already scared him twice and every time
like oh I'm like okay your hiccups gone
he's like no yeah
does it good haha thank you oh thank you
Shh your brother is sleeping
also you need to chew the laundry oh
good morning hey buddy
how was your nap was it so good did you
get such a good nap you wake up all
bright-eyed and bushy-tailed hi come to
that that hi baby
hi good morning welcome to today
hey hi I love looking so much I love
this little get so much I love this
little kid so much mm-hmm you ready to
go have some fun
hello guys I'm getting fit up from his
nap I've been very busy this morning I'm
gonna show you what I've been working on
special delivery
Thank You Owen of this kid what for I
like three hours it's like a three-hour
now yeah no he's like too happy and I
just got ollie down for a nap too so we
put one down another wakes up this is
how it goes yeah thank you happy now huh
he's so happy so you guys know that my
office is basically finished furniture
wise everything's kind of where it
should be but it's not organized at all
not even a little bit and I've been
waiting because I ordered a bunch of
really cool organizing stuff from
Pottery Barn actually they have like
really cool organizing things so I have
like been organizer for mail calendar
corkboards little extra places to put
like pens and hang keys and stopped all
I'm going to try and put all of that
right there in the middle of my desk and
was cool about this system is it
actually uses these bars so all you do
is Mount the bars on the wall and then
you just hang all that from the bars so
you're not hanging like every individual
thing so I think that's kind of nice
well this is turning out to be much more
difficult than I anticipated
the way this organizing
system works is that you mount this
metal bar right here on the wall and
then you slide this in and it holds
whatever needs to be helped oh I have
one of these I'll have a chalkboard I
have the cork boards and I have like the
organizing systems and bins and stuff
but this is such a small space in
between these shelves it's clear that
this is something that should have been
done before putting these shelves up
because there's no room for me to mount
that bar and then slide it on it's like
a huge mess so now I'm thinking I have
to slide it on first and then lift it up
as much as I can and mount it and have
someone hold it but it's gonna be so
difficult I don't know if I can do it
anymore and I have no one to help me and
I'm just now kind of frustrated because
my office is a mess
like always because it's not organized
because I know that word I think it does
and it just drives me crazy so I can't
even like be in here right now because
my brain does not work when things
aren't mess and I just look at closing
the door on this project literally but
all he's up from his nap so I think I'm
going to jump in the pool of them cuz he
wants to try out his new goggles so
maybe he'll actually work doggles I'll
be cool all right guys we are back in
the pool it feels so good hey how's the
water feel good good really good huh hey
do you like your new goggles those are
your goggles you want to try them on
whoa just like that hey still sometimes
if I to get him to wear goggles I feel
like he'd just rather not just open his
eyes but I want to make sure that he can
like see what he's looking for cuz I
think that's cool so I'm gonna try but
he may not use him but yeah we're back
in the pool it feels amazing got the
GoPro so I thought it'd be cool to show
you guys well Ollie is learned in swim
class last week and that's diving under
and grabbing toys and bringing them to
the circus so I think we're gonna try
that hey silly you okay and are you
gonna die for some toys
alright ready when you are but you get
that buzz like you
once you get that time ollie right a
blue fishy
fin you're hanging out to eating a
little snackage yeah
get the yellow fishy okay Olli okay
we're going after the yellow fishy this
time you ready show me what you get
that's a crab one
cool
hey got one left my teeth one yeah I'm
gonna put it out here okay
good job Ollie what's that one it's an
octopus one I think it's got tentacles
see
only you got so much treasure what's the
favorite one that you grabbed the blue
fishy
yeah the blue fishies pretty cool huh
like even Wiggles like a fishy
oh oh oh he escaped get him get him
yah
I plopped been in the big old bean bag
she's actually perfect for him oh and
Ollie jumped all the way to that wha is
that cool it is kind of nice because you
can just go to the middle and it weighs
down and it gets a little bit of water
in there this little water to stay in
the middle of it dude
I'll get you and want you
Oh No um I think buzz is trapped
underwater you want to save him he's
right there okay and go
you're saved in let me see
hey buzz are you okay hey hey I love my
new dad
you
what is that
that's a crab huh Holly look at that's
what you were just doing a while ago huh
you were diving diving for all this
ocean life
there you go buddy how's that Holly what
are we doing we're gonna eat some food
gonna get chocolate milk to drink okay
what should that I get to do lemonade so
you can drink that too
it's what you do when you don't know
what to get you just make other people
get one else you'll be bartering and
then it's still for them if you're a
parent let us know in the comments if
you guys use these things I think
they're pretty cool hello good sheep
does he know rectangle rectangle yeah
right
like you're not supposed to be watching
me put it on the floor he looks worried
y'all he's like oh no how I got to get
out of this one
is it that piggies birthday all right
you guys we are back home but before we
end today's vlog I wanted to let you
know that after much request and high
anticipation we have put the whole merch
online yes you're welcome mic drop that
was me dropping the mic so if you guys
don't know we did a collaboration with
Sly Fox threads on some new merch it's a
really cool design it says wherever you
are that's where I want to be and it
kind of just embodies everything that
our vlogs are about and if you guys want
to go pick one up you can do so right
now on Sly Fox threads calm I'll have a
link down below in the description we
have adult sizes we have kid sizes and
we even have onesies yes we have onesies
so go check them out there are very
limited quantities for this limited
edition slyfox tights daily bumps
collapse shirt so go check it out please
and I hope you enjoy it but anyway I'm
gonna go an end today's vlog that's all
we had a blast hanging out in the pool
and getting to relax a little bit after
VidCon since VidCon just drains all of
your energy and we're not too sick so
that's good because the VidCon virus is
real it didn't hit us too bad so that's
nice but anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and check
out all those leaks down below in the
description and we see ya bye
instead
Oh
so good Hornets are
I can't say it
I am home
