look at all the cool paw patrol stuff he
loves paw patrol you guys you want to
open it wherever you are that's whatever
wannabe
Oh
over every
me
good morning guys oli is right now
laying in bed and last night me and
Brian stayed up really late doing a lot
of work to the playroom and I know
always gonna be super excited so we're
gonna go get him right now you guys go
get him he's in our room
what are these cuties doing hi little
baby boy we're watching Scooby dooby doo
where are you sing me
got some word to do now you sing at all
hmm I love that I used to like watching
scooby-doo all of a sudden my sister was
looking a huge scooby-doo fan you made
her a Scooby Doo mobile for Christmas
one year and she always saying Scooby
dooby doo and now all he is it's so cute
hey all I guess what I have a surprise
for you
it's go see you all go see to Finn it's
your playroom to go see your pay room
can you open it up where is it it's
spider-man yes sir we spent last night
we put up all these superheroes and then
a little hook and we've got a couple
little costumes on there for him and
then over here we hung up these picture
frames we put like little ties in them
so we could hang like artwork and stuff
yeah it's not done yet but we're still
we're getting there we're getting
somewhere
I love the souks it adds a lot of color
and yes it's paw Patrol look it's paw
patrols hat and you can put it on and
then you have ears yeah do you want paw
Patrol you're spider-man yes you want
paw Patrol oh my goodness anything you
want spider-man for sure look at his
little mass to like I don't know any
want you paw Patrol
okay let's put paw patrol on there we go
button you up okay now paw Patrol has a
backpack and gotta wear this hat have a
good tail you got it it's on here bag
your tail
oh my goodness I wish I knew Papa Joe's
name did you show daddy oh my god this
is real life like that's what you wonder
where universe fun no what's he saw that
when he was like I do we're paw patrol I
wish I knew his name is it Jake Noah
Jake and neverland pirates can't be Jake
also mmm oh you look so cute
all right oli who do you want to dress
up as now spider-man you're all done
being chase all right let's take that
off and we'll put spider-man on Kay I
think it's so cute that all he wants to
play dress up and dress up in different
costumes and stuff and last night Missy
and I were actually on Amazon we ordered
a bunch of costumes that we can hang
here and just have him dress up whoever
he wants to be that day I think it's
cool it old night a lot of his
imagination but for now we're gonna put
on spider-man y'all done being chase all
right but you can be him tomorrow - okay
my gosh
look at your muscles dude
it's a weird hat goes over your eyes oh
my gosh do you like that yeah Denton and
I've done that I dun dun da da da da da
da da the cutest spider-man you ever did
see show me your muscles whoa look how
cute he is busy Oh Oh a shield
spider-man doesn't have a shield or a
sword yeah he just has what he goes like
this is max can you go like that go
you look very cool Halle and look at
your big ol muscles
the house but no one up oh c'mon hunting
we had to go get something for the guest
room because we are finishing that room
today but yeah we're also putting my
hunting yeah I mean it just happens I
just have felt it Holly you got your
pokeball where is it let us know if you
see any oh it's right here cuz your
pokeball let us know if you see any
Pokemon okay now we headed to meet the
Johnson family at sushi okay we'll see
you there chuckling now all the kids are
playing with chopsticks which is
actually really convenient can you drum
can you play music with them oh wow
future drum line right here huh
all right we're having an amazing sushi
lunch and fin just put his fingers into
straight
what's happy people not good happy good
oh I just imagined him like rubbing his
face and getting in his eye oh my gosh
look he does even carries but yeah
what's up I live life on the edge dude
it is now Pokemon catching time we have
Lord Geoffrey understand this oh gosh I
know as you pull the one everyone say hi
you guys having fun I'm gonna go catch
some Pokemon I like your sunglasses
you're welcome
I head to the pokey socks Geoffrey you
got a chocolate milk at Starbucks with
some whipped cream on it dang Jeff
spoiling um yeah oh that's so cool
what did you get pay bean whip a cup of
whipped cream that's awesome
goals right there let's go
hey oli can you sing the scooby-doo song
I won't good daddy you saw someone
really cool behind you that looks like
max say hi max I see girls up here it
was good huh
and did you show Missy what we picked
out for you shopkins did you get one for
pay yeah she got two for her and one for
pay right right live all right Ali since
Liv got to pick a toy I'm gonna let you
pick a toy kay you want something from
secret life of pets Gidget
yeah you would have Max and Gidget let's
see if there's something cooler though
oh yeah you already have a fart gun they
have Nell do you like Mel okay he really
wasn't into any of those ones so we're
gonna try paw Patrol okay look at all
the cool paw patrol stuff he loves paw
patrol you guys you want to open it all
right all you want rocky okay we'll get
that one for you okay all right we had a
very successful rendezvous at Target oh
it's so hot yeah it's so hot you guys
that Missy and I walked this entire
parking lot the perimeter and now you
can head up every single bogeys up and
now we have to walk back because our
cars away over there where we had lunch
did you have fun him a toy
now what age is he gonna start being
like hey I need a toy to ollie is all
paw Patrol out you guys he's wearing his
chase costume again and you got a new
toy who is this change no your chase he
is who lucky rocky good job and he's got
a truck what do you want to do with the
truck he wants to come outside and find
some rocks to put in the truck so we're
gonna go look for some K okay
and with this little pup
oh there is rocks down there should we
go get some okay let's go
I seriously love how much all he's been
using his imagination lately like he's
just dressing up the character's name is
rocky so he's putting rocks in his truck
oh you want to put it down he'll ok put
rocky on top and push it down nice job
Wally okay let's go back up
so we noticed this weird thing on the
camera in Finn's room and Missy's
checking it out babe did you see
anything oh the babies oh crap I didn't
know Finn was it sleeping Ben didn't
even move disappears when you show up
I'm telling you much like that like
right there in the corner not a ghost
no no David is gonna come back all right
I'm getting ollie ready for bed but he
had run request who do we just go get a
job and who's that rocky write it kai
Rox car yeah
putting him to bed and he said he really
wanted to go to sleep with his paw
patrol toy so we went and got it didn't
we paw patrol paw patrol be there on the
double
Oh we'll watch it tomorrow okay all
right we put his truck here and you can
hold rocky and go night-night kay okay I
love you I think that's all for today's
vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment check out all
those links you guys want to nominate us
for a Streamy in the kids and family
section I'll have a link down below for
that so you can do that thank you guys
to everyone who's been doing it you're
amazing hey Ollie what are we gonna go
do tomorrow yes we are you excited all
right what do you say
you
