oh my gosh like you're flying is yeah
got it
good morning boys what's going on here
Ollie what are you doing are you just
trying to give him hugs and Finn's
trying to escape the sibling rivalry has
already begun okay okay okay okay okay
okay you're being a little too rough
okay you okay Finn say sorry Finn
good job he's sorry Ben he was just
trying to give you a hug good morning
guys I'm up with the boys and they are
getting ready cuz guess what Allie guess
what it's time for school time for
school time for school time for school
time for school time for school Ollie
yeah you're going to swim class today
kay yeah you like swim class I don't
know why he's acting like that he does
like swim class Mama's gonna take you to
swim class okay he says he doesn't want
to go babe if you're really good you a
sucker remember oh you got a sucker
ollie yeah yeah it's like I'm into that
hey Ollie when you get to swim class do
a big cannonball and show them what
you're made of okay no come on that
would be funny if you just walked in the
class into the big cannonball can you do
that uh Lee okay you're gonna pay
attention and follow the rules no oh
you're not gonna do that either it's
funny because we still actually have our
bags from when we went to Florida I
think they're even still partially
packed and we're packing bags today to
go to VidCon so they never really left
we were I feel like we're living out of
them for a while what what do you want
to show me show me the suitcase okay Wow
do you know how to lift the handle here
you push that button and lift and lift
at the same time yeah whoa cool Ollie's
apparently giving me a suitcase suitcase
for you what'd you say we just went
floor we just went to Florida so we got
to swim class a little early this
morning and so always just playing in
the backseat fins kind of snoozing it
sounds like and I am watching Kelsey and
Corbin they're officially on their trip
if you guys don't know and I believe
right now I'm watching them in Glacier
which sounds absolutely amazing and
beautiful but you guys if you're not
watching that you have to follow their
trip is so cool like they're basically
taking a van all through North America I
don't know it's just really fun to be
able to kind of go on the trip with them
and they're just such a cute little
channel so make sure you guys go check
them out I'll have a link down below for
you that's still under I love them I
hope that haven't been miss you guys
this is a new one for all
put it over
I think
that was a new one for him I really bro
I never seen him go underwater in class
yeah
taking the phalaris down to the end of
the street gotta get the trash cans
brought up haven't done it in a couple
days so the trash is kind of piling up I
gotta take care of it yes this is still
how I'm taking the trash cans up to the
house but I actually got a really cool
attachment that I just ordered for the
Polaris so it goes on there and these
two cans can hook onto it so I think
that'll make it a lot easier but for now
this is how we roll literally we're
rolling
packing for VidCon yay this is actually
me packing light you guys I've got okay
so I have three pairs of shorts two
pairs of pants lots of underwear lots of
socks and I think I have like four or
five shirts here this will be like an
undershirt I can wear under this then
I'm just bringing these two pairs of
shoes so I feel pretty good about what
I've packed for VidCon
Missy still has to pack but she just got
done with swim class with the boys and
she wants me to go meet her for lunch oh
by the way look at this you can see in
the mirror now I got a new little wrist
strap and it's green so that other
people don't pick up my camera I
actually ordered a bunch of different
color wrist straps on Amazon some thing
I'm gonna be carrying around VidCon and
giving them to all our vlogger friends
so that we all have a different color
wrist wrap because we always pick up
each others like the Johnson family Sly
Fox
it's actually kind of funny by the way
vlogging in this mirror like this
totally reminds me of the very first day
that we started vlogging when we used to
vlog in mirrors I never we don't do this
anymore not weird do you guys like
seeing the camera I feel like it's weird
cuz I don't know where to look like do I
look at the screen do I look right there
do I look at myself that's weird
let me know but yeah this is funny
because this is actually how we used to
blow up all the time
I'm gonna go meet busy for lunch
Shh I didn't do anything
look who made alas all he's been telling
me all about swim class and how good he
did he did so good didn't you would you
get cuz you're so good we're gonna
surprise a price no no not a sec oh you
got a shark sticker which is forever on
this chuckling yeah like oh yeah that's
so cool kiss your little shark car like
that now you have sharks and turtles
yeah I was standing in line and he saw
me he ran up to me and gave me the
biggest hug huh did you miss him I
didn't even tell you were coming so he
was really surprised yeah that's her
food buddy you can eat it look at you
can even color the bag Oh does this
thing where they give you crowns you can
color your bag okay
that's pretty neat huh yeah these boys
aren't starving after a fun day swimming
so we're gonna eat London likes to play
with straw and they basically become
just like spit holders yes I need to
keep him busy okay I am in the middle of
cleaning out the little chickens cages
and they're just sitting in here being
as cute as could be this is Susan she
says hi Kristin Edie Jersey hi Gaby girl
this one's a bantam and they're supposed
to be a smaller chicken but she's like
way bigger than the other chicken so
again hopefully she's a girl and not a
rooster prank Lynette by the way and
hopefully she is what they said she is
and then this is art all red oh don't
cry this is Bree they're all happy doing
really really well and I'm just cleaning
out all their shavings I'm going to put
fresh shavings in change out their water
fill up all their foods that's nice to
the top
can I throw them in there yeah okay good
all right good good
all right I'm now going to cut up a
little Apple make sure you get all the
seeds out because seeds apple seeds are
really not good for birds and then I'm
going to put them right into their
little cage it's actually kind of a
yummy snacks Birds or chickens can eat
just about anything there's just a few
things you have to stay away from
they're omnivores like apple seeds if
they eat an apple seed will an apple
grow inside of them maybe I don't know
why it's so bad so maybe
Holly what are you doing yeah
are you watching the doggies that's your
grandma yeah Leo's here and Coda's here
everyone's here huh you're eating a
muffin you like muffins always just
hanging outside enjoying the nice warm
weather playing with doggies and Mimi
yep enjoy Mimi come out why are you
barking she just wants to come out here
and play with you got your ball ready
guys
oh oh and get it Oh karma got it Karma's
Way too good at this game oh my gosh oh
my gosh oh yeah
do i yes you're so tall it's so big huh
like you're flying
I'll lead you have a cool dad yeah got
it
be careful careful dude alright hey
ollie
I guess what we're going to VidCon and
you're gonna stay with me me and Papa
we're leaving you behind
hahahaha that sounds fun yeah okay good
look I got a big time what do your old
wants to go to Bangkok I know it's crazy
there we are on our way to VidCon and
we're so excited
Finn's really excited too he was good
like the whole ride but we're almost
there and yeah he's done I'm done too
yeah we're pretty much done being a car
we're basically just gonna check into
our hotel and then meet up with the crew
and get some food yeah
we have arrived ladies and gentlemen we
are now at VidCon work work work work
work work oh look at this cute little
greeting they gave us we got YouTube
pillows welcome to VidCon that's so cool
here we celebrate you a new generation
superstar oh yeah Missy we're superstars
daily and inspire us a million times
more and get out there and express
yourself heart in the world and live in
the moment welcome to VidCon oh that's
cool
cuz you're a hotel room the air
conditioning is on yay oh look at
there's the pool babe oh my god only
would love that I know I'm not cool okay
we might be bringing only two people and
yeah that's really cool it's like a
rooftop pool right there that's actually
where that last party was last year I
remember that yeah the pool party that's
so cool
yay bin has so much energy right now you
guys he is so excited for VidCon aren't
you
yay he's gonna skate off this bed is
what he's gonna do crazy kids gonna be
taking over VidCon all right you guys
VidCon 2016 has officially started we're
out to dinner with the crew
we got Maddy and her family
johnson-graham in the hizzy and fin over
here is knocking on bread
he's so let's look at him look I have my
bread I like my bread full of my bread
I'm tweaking I'm bread so cute
oh yeah we're just getting dinner it's
beautiful outside gold about right now
so I was like I had a blog because it's
like perfect lighting right now you know
guys also on the way here I hugged a
very sweaty Kasey nice nap you just got
done doing like a 12 mile run and I
don't realize also Casey and I gave him
a hug and he was like really wet sticky
so that happen alright alright guys we
made it back from dinner and we are
super excited for this a week of VidCon
it's gonna be awesome
I already got Finn to sleep which is
great and so hopefully he sleeps really
well and we have a fun date amount but
anyways I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure you give this video a
thumbs up and make sure you guys are
following me and Brian on Twitter so you
guys can see where we're at what we're
doing where we're going next hopefully
we meet you at VidCon if you're epic on
the loose
inside
is home
good cause i
I'd say
I am home
you
