get a girl
good morning say good morning good
morning guys this morning we are wearing
our wherever you are that's where I want
to be sure it says wherever you are
that's where I want to be and it's in
this really cool home design of course
this is the shirt that we're doing in
collaboration with Sly Fox threads and
we will be selling it exclusively at
VidCon but if you guys demanded enough
maybe we will throw it in our online
store too but this morning we actually
have to take a picture of all of us
wearing the shirts so we can put it on
our banner that we're going to have at
the flight box Reds booth where we're
actually gonna be doing signings and
selfies with you guys on Friday and
possibly other days to just keep tabs on
our social so I actually got these
shorts from PacSun yesterday and they're
really cool because they're like torn
and ripped and stuff and so I figured
I'm gonna make a pair for ollie because
these are pants we don't wear pants
anymore cuz it's summertime and I don't
think he's gonna wear these in the
winter because he probably won't fit so
we're gonna do a little bit of arts and
crafts this morning and turn these pants
into shorts all right we're gonna turn
these pants Ollie into shorts okay
but to do that we need to measure so
your knee is like right there so I want
them to go right above your knee so I'm
gonna make a slit right there and then
we're gonna take them off and I'm going
to cut them kay okay now all we do is
find where we made that cut right there
and then finish the cut all the way
across and this is not going to be
perfect it's not meant to be perfect
it's actually supposed to be kind of
raggedy and rough shh mm-wah one side is
shorts one side is pants and then I just
fold them over finish the cut just like
so got some cute little jean shorts now
now I'm gonna just dress them and tear
them up a little I'm just gonna take my
scissors
a sharp edge Ollie's playing with a
dinosaur now we have a little tear right
there we're just gonna tear a little bit
more of the way make it a little more
raggedy who knew destroying close could
be so stylish
who knew destroying clothes could be so
stylish there we go now they have a
little bit of a distressed look
voila there we go makeshift shorts they
work for now I even pulled out one of
his pockets through one of the holes
Ollie do you like your shorts yeah look
it we cut him off we broke it I wish I
was able to do this I have no idea how
this is done all right guys I just got
the tripod set up yeah we just took a
couple of photos in front of our nice
wall this is becoming a very cool
backdrop for photos of the new wherever
you are that's where I want to be shirts
and everyone's wearing them all he's got
his shirt on Feeny's got his onesie on
and Macy's got her shirt on - Missy
found a bat
she got a net she's gonna go catch it oh
that is a bat that's crazy babe oh you
got it Oh what it just like show me his
teeth in it oh wow oh wow keep it
putting it down put it down boy down
yeah look at it that is freaky all you
see that that is a fact
oh my gosh that's crazy what are we
gonna do with it now we caught a bat no
what do we do oh look at him oh my god
it literally looks like a rat with wings
or a mouse with wings he's actually kind
of tiny and that crazy he's now at the
bottom of the net what are you gonna do
with it Missy well maybe you should just
set him free over in the field where do
you guys even live like the trees I
don't know
hi buddy they live like that no say hi
Holly that could be Batman yeah all
right well have fun doing that I gotta
go what of you guys I'm here in the
studio with Maddy
hey what are we working on today Maddy
working on a cover song and also hope
raising yes we're finally doing hope
rising acoustic yeah
feel like we've been talking about that
one for a while and we're actually
covering a really cool song one of my
favorites off of Tori's album jong-hong
by this love in you by Tori Kelly and
Sharon yes so I get to be like all Irish
I'm saying sexy it's cool hey ami who
you watching you watching Mesa games yes
you are I set Ollie up from the TV and
then I set Finn up to eat some lunch
yeah but you give me that so he is eatin
some strawberry some hummus and some
little baby num my mum's or whatever
they're called yeah
mama you say mama you good man I'm
pretty sure it's mama
nowaday I'm gonna do a little game time
with play time with oli we kind of
looking at some fun little toddler games
that we can play together to kind of
learn our shapes and colors and all that
and I have a good one
nothing replate right now first you guys
seen this guy he is a disaster kid mom
my teeny lab mama it's okey oh alright
so what I've done is I've got like all
these different colors and all these
different shapes and I'm going to cut
each out each shape and I'm also going
to add numbers to them so he'll be
practicing his colors his shapes and his
numbers and you can like focus on one
thing at a time or you can like kind of
do them all together and then I'm going
to actually cut them all out and then
we're going to make like a game of it I
did circles triangles squares and then a
hand just to kind of make it more fun
like a hand shape I don't know I just
thought that might be fun because I
think ovals or rectangles might be a
little bit difficult to differentiate
although they would be in a different
color I know I just thought I'd go with
this brown
all right Jeffrey is doing the acoustic
guitar for hope rising new diesel
causing there is hope rising you go this
world is pump and I hate to see the
truth
show me you matter it's time for this
oh you babies hope
Kazi Maddie's super cold you guys they
keep this studio really cold
Oh rising nunu takes the place the place
of pain wherever you are let a brain
crazy
get a girl she hit it yeah alright I've
got all my shapes my colors and they're
all numbered and now I'm gonna set them
up like a little bit of a scavenger hunt
or like a maze and he'll have to follow
either the blue squares or the numbers
or the blue or the colors or whatever to
get to the end at which there might be a
prize at the end that sound good all
right Ally you've been patiently waiting
or not so patiently waiting right
yeah and mommy's got all the games set
up so this is how I did it I'm
explaining to you so I put all the
number ones right at the beginning of
the play room this one he has to find
the number two and it's a little bit
more hidden and then once he gets to ten
there'll be a little surprise at the end
this one he has to hop to each one he
has to jump to them and then at the end
will be a little pro surprise and then
this one he has to follow the arrow so
the arrows point to the next one going
that way so that one if he follows it
correctly will take him to a little
prize yeah and then the hand basically
the hand there's just hands all over the
house and he finds all ten of the hands
then he it's a little surprise for mommy
yeah I don't know how well so he might
just get a little crazy and he might not
be able to follow but if he follows the
directions correctly then he'll get a
little prize so which one you want to
play first red blue
Oh green or yellow the blue one alright
so the blue one you have to jump to each
one you have another one yeah Chilton to
jump to three can you do that
Hey jump online and jump good no more
good good job without fun alright which
one you want to play next yeah
alright the red one you got to find here
on number one you got to find number two
you or two is where is - okay look for
it oh you're getting hot you're getting
cold it's right you're really hot where
is it ah number two
you found two good job now you got to
find three where's three okay go find it
oh whatever right there can you see
where is the circle where's the red
circle look over by the doggy hey jump
on it you found three all right now you
got to find four where's four do you
find it
yeah all right now you got to find the
five red circle with the five all right
now you got to find the six was the six
okay you found it all right where's the
seven yes no where's the eight where's
the nine one more whoo what's that
pillow doing here Olli you found the 10
and a sucker you did it are you so proud
of yourself alright you open it that
good
you're excited oh it makes you feel
better oh good okay daddy's home what
are you eating Finny boy a green bean is
that a frozen green bean Finn would
rather sit on this ground and play with
that metal pan then go play in that
playroom but yeah we're making dinner
right now i grilled up some chicken just
seasoned it up
he's making some mac and cheese just
doing a simple easy dinner tonight so
that we can eat and put the kids to bed
all right I wanted to bring Ollie out
here to see the bat one last time before
we set him free oh hey bat he's just
chillin in there boy yeah he may bite
but we're gonna set him free tonight so
he can go back home
I don't think bats are super active
during the day anyway so we thought we'd
spend free tonight so that he can go on
his merry that way okay say night night
back yeah I got that all right we are
just chilling in the playroom trying to
relax and get ready but I think we're
gonna go in to end today's vlog okay
okay we help me okay thanks for watching
today's video guys hope you enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe leave a comment take
out all those links down below
description remember that we are going
to be at VidCon this week you're super
exciting you guys ah
he's fighting off aliens aliens behind
you guys oh my gosh thanks for watching
we'll see you manana oli what'd he say
by Oh bonus clip we're outside Missy is
attempting to set this bat free charity
took the lid off and he is not really
coming out you got this babe just kick
it over just don't break the glass he's
moving come on dude go away
look at him sniffing oh my gosh look at
that thing huh
it's moving it's moving I don't
understand why this always happens to us
you guys why do we always catch weird
things crying it while crawling in our
house and flying everywhere we just want
to get rid of them okay Missy's got a
glove on this time there there he's
right on top all he has to do is walk
right out be free bat why is this thing
not leaving he's literally blind he's
cannot find the exit Missy go go the
other way go the other way come on dude
I'm trying to help you brah
he cannot figure out how to get up there
he goes okay okay the bat is gone the
van is gone the bodice
the batteries it's God
is home
good horny target
I am I am home
Oh
