good morning what's today boys I know
all the food it's Father's Day
did you know that yeah do you love daddy
so much yeah should we make him
breakfast in bed and pamper him all day
and take care of it yeah yeah okay so
we're gonna make pancakes right now okay
okay all right so this morning we are
making pancakes but Brian can never
decide which kind of pancakes that he
wants is about regular pancakes you want
chocolate chip pancakes or as you want
banana pancakes so we're making all of
them home of it yeah I've already made
up Zee banana one which actually made
some scratch I found a really cool easy
recipe so that one's just banana which
the kids will love too so I'll probably
save them and now we're just gonna make
make regular pancakes and then take it
mixture and then add the chocolate all
right step yes exactly
oh yeah hey mixa mixa mixa mixa always
been waiting to do this all morning add
some more oh that's a really big one
this one's for daddy ready good
morning all I decided to go get daddy so
here comes a happy Father's Day
this is what being a father oh yeah did
you see having fun easier daddy okay
come sit down we've got a feast you got
chocolate chip ping you're doing or you
try to fatten me up so I'm in a soup and
then a car the kids made oh so cool
yeah you know me I love that minimalist
design yeah did you draw that
Awesome's we love you so much love your
sons oh look at that man less design
you're amazing oh thanks baby
- I love you that Smile I'm so grateful
for these kids they made me father
you made me father huh ah you want more
whipped cream yeah what creams the best
there you go you're welcome there you go
put your feet next to Dennis good job
hang on the data all right I am getting
the kid ready for the day that first
we're going on right on the hoverboard
let's pick out an outfit maybe like a
dad themed one that sounds like I'm
really cool okay all right I couldn't
find dad themed shirts so I went with
high-fives and good vibes because this
is one of my favorite shirts and a blue
pair shorts
yes today is Father's Day so happy
Father's Day to all you dads out there
and anyone really who rises up to the
challenge of loving and caring for a
child regardless of whether you're a
blood relative or not I think that's
really important to say also um yeah
today is Father's Day if you guys didn't
get your dad anything for Father's Day
I've got a treat for you if your dad is
anything like me then I know he is a
very busy man got to love our wives
which is sometimes a pretty daunting
task I'm just kidding baby I love you
we're paying bills we're going to work
we're taking business calls we're
growing the kids in the air until we're
all sweaty all that fun dad's stuff in
fact why don't you let me know in the
comments what is one of the things that
your dad does for you that you love like
something that he just goes above and
beyond something special that he does
just for you let me know in the comments
below so yeah dads tend to not have a
whole lot of free time but there's so
many good books out right now you guys
and very little time to read them all so
audible actually makes it super easy
they have over 250,000 audiobooks that's
a lot of books you guys I know myself I
find it hard to sit down and read a book
I love like walking around or doing
errands or driving and listening to an
audiobook just makes it so much funner
so a lot easier to get through so if you
forgot to get your dad something for
Father's Day tell him to go to
audible.com slash bumps and get a free
30 day trial of audible honestly I'm
like really helping you guys out right
now you're welcome Internet lately I've
actually been listening to Aziz Ansari
his book modern romance and I really
like this audiobook because it's
actually narrated by him and he's
hilarious have you ever seen his
stand-up routine the book is hilarious
it talks about like love and dating and
all that fun stuff in the modern age of
things so that you can actually relate
to it and he kind of has like a really
funny take on on how technology has
merged with romance and stuff so that's
one book that I've been reading and I
they really enjoy because Aziz Ansari's
hilarious he was in parks and recreation
you've got a couple of stand-up specials
that are really funny too and if you
guys want to read along so that one you
two can go to audible.com slash pumps
and get a free 30-day trial of audible
so go check it out I'll have a link on
the screen I also have a link down below
in the description special thanks to
audible for sponsoring today's video and
giving me something I can give to you
that you can get your dad be like oh no
dad I didn't forget your present just go
to audible.com slash pumps genius all
right we are all ready to go and we are
headed to lunch we're gonna go somewhere
that Brian really wanted to go we're
going to meet my family my dad and
everyone but thing is napping right now
which by the way did you hear that that
freaked karma out all night long the
alarm is just like obviously dying and
karma hates when beeps like that go off
so he was a mess last night but anyways
I have to wake up Finn which usually he
does okay when we have to wake him up
which is not very often but we have to
go everyone's waiting and so I have to
wake them up he's gonna sleep for an
hour and a half now so honestly you can
probably wake up so hopefully they still
tired he'll just go to sleep
in the car
oli do you want to help me wake up your
brother we go sing some songs and wake
him up okay okay okay go ahead
yeah good once good morning good morning
we love you good morning - uncle it's
just time to wake up oh you didn't
really want to wake up I'm sorry baby
hang on
they can ringing Maggie Charlie had to
wake you up my love inside is too too
soon for the camera hope always sleep in
the car
oh my god thought out here oh my god
this done is actually like a hundred ten
oh my gosh air conditioning oh look who
it is happy Father's Day
oh look it's Cassie say where'd you go
auntie it's gonna grow up all right we
are at NY B and they have a Pepsi
machine that is a big touchscreen and
that cool I think it's actually way
cooler than the coca-cola freestyle oh
it's even emptying the graphic
that's cool
look at this you guys 115 degrees
outside that's crazy so now we are
pulled up to Dairy Queen my thought was
that I really put some ice cream I did
not want to go the car we actually just
ran into another store for Missy's dad
and I was like I'm gonna turn the car
off I actually left the car running so
that we'd be nice and cool for the boys
cuz it's so hot we put him in like it
feel like this one is Britney I'm the
oxygen it's like hard to breathe yeah it
feels the air feels thick I don't know
why we're out we need to be in the pool
drinking a lot of water I know yeah we
got our ice cream always even got a
little ice cream back there which I may
regret one day but we'll see what is it
Joey bar just basically vanilla ice
cream dipped in chocolate and I was like
it was him now it feels so good to hold
it's so cold
yeah so good
alright we're cooking out Papa's new gun
safe we got them for Father's Day it's
actually biometric Oh doesn't work with
your finger you try it mm-hmm whoa
that's pretty cool so you had to like
program your fingerprint in there yeah
kind of like a iPhone yeah so if I ever
want to get into your safe it's gotta
cut your finger off and recommended yeah
Oh Angie it says the air is 126 degrees
yeah I don't know if that's actually
realistic is definitely not 126 degrees
inside so we're staying inside or we're
gonna be in the pool so I got my babysit
on we're getting in the pool right now
mom what would you say if I told you
that yes temperature outside is 126
degrees they can't possibly said that
the honey do insane things like shows
it's about 10 degrees for this like 110
yeah okay I had such a refreshing swim
you guys it feels so good outside in the
water and now Ali and Auntie are
actually playing Super Smash Brothers
Allie who do you want to be the robot
this guy okay select him good job
auntie is going to be Charizard ready to
fight who do you guys think is gonna win
leave your predictions down below go
Holly go go go go go whoa that was a
good hit
oli get her eight push push that go
Ollie go Allie oh yeah does a good hit
ollie
yeah you did push them all oh my gosh do
you guys see swingin punches and landed
um Oh
we both got involved in that yeah yeah
he got you out and he's sorry
wait you can't just you can't just walk
away from the game
he's like I'm done
Mama's gonna finish for UK here oli hold
it and try again even at home obviously
it's so easy that a two-year-old can
play because you just mash buttons right
there doesn't and and move move your
character with that kay get her get her
get her gonna get a ball nice shot
auntie's going down I don't know though
Rob's percentage meters filling up no no
you got a fighter it's all up to you all
right mama I'll finish it for you you
did most the work though Holly he's
really worried about his chip situation
up there five seconds on the clock who's
gonna win what do you guys think it's
gonna be all er aunty Oh sudden death
that means you guys are tied get her
Missy get her oh that's good hit
oh no no no good job Finn show me your
giant piece of corn Yuri and you like it
look at this giant piece of corny hass
it's bigger than his head and you're
eating it the wrong way
what you got chocolate milk and what
have you been eatin Oh
oatmeal and corn I'm in second corn hey
that was his first corn and oranges YUM
yeah we're just eatin dinner now and
it's very amusing watching this kid eat
corn
ah he loves it
Bryan sitting over here with some chick
I'm a little jealous on me well a
jealous don't get my freckle read my
baby yes agreed he loves her and she
loves him
she's brie can you say breathe me thank
you
this is a perk of getting chicks and
chicks if you can pull them and cuddle
with them and they start like bond with
you so they start to like really like
love you don't roll my couch though and
don't worry we're watching all our hands
and and being clean yeah yeah especially
all you have to be careful with kids
though we're being really careful we
know all about chickies and of
Washington alright it is getting late
almost time for bed the boys are sitting
here cuddling eating cookies cuz he's
got a silly daddy sorry kid
he's watching me play my game still
trying to be uncharted for ya because it
get a lot of time doing it and all I
came over here is like I want to do it
with you
we had a really really fun Father's Day
and I just had fun getting to be with my
dad split him a little bit just really
thankful for my dad and thankful for my
husband because he's such a good daddy
but anyways we're going to go ahead and
put this kid to bed if you didn't hear
it yes that fire along
so going off talked about it earlier I
don't know when it's going to be fixed
speaking of daddies it's actually the
one in Ali's room so I mean yeah right
now yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
happy Father's Day to you guys if you're
a father and we'll see you guys tomorrow
this is home in the
look so good heart attack is enough
I'd say it
I am home
Oh
