just you're gonna have to like lay down
there don't fall good morning guys we
woke up right early and we are headed to
- this is all I'm so excited I'm so
excited I couldn't not something about
it like all night long I was having like
trees at the seams like getting them and
taking care of them and I'm like excited
and nervous and like I just I don't know
it's gonna be like a really fun like
adventure ooh baby
yes we're getting baby chicks hopefully
like just a few days old maybe a week at
the most
I'm really excited but we have two
different songs for making first we're
going to a farm that just kind of has a
lot of different chickens they also
pretty much guarantee that their hens of
Oh buddy girls and then we don't wanna
mail those are annoying a.m. and they'll
fertilize all your eggs so and then also
I'm going to grab some other chickens
from this other lady that's a rare breed
and we'll talk about that for a little
bit later but I'm really excited about
those ones excited we're about to start
our our big adventure so let me get one
day we're gonna be getting I believe
four or five at the most maybe four or
five four five five we're getting five
we're getting five
babysit this kitty yeah we'll see are
you excited
what are you gonna go get
chickens you're wearing your overalls
and you can't see but Finn's wearing his
overalls too today huh
so we'll be farmers today what's in
there
chickens we just picked up our first two
chicks
these are silkies and they're really
cute really distinct really really good
pets actually I'll look at their they're
hugging and they're pooping everywhere
already you want to hold that he's so
gentle with them he loves it
oh we got a black on give him a kiss
yeah and then we also got a speckled one
she said it did look a little lavender
but she doesn't ever have lavender once
so typologies speckle be gentle oh so
cool huh let's go pick up their sisters
Kay all right we're choosing more chicks
Allie which one should we get yeah we're
gonna get that red one and that one we
already had yeah look at this big one
the light Brahma is that pretty huh yeah
oh he's gonna hug all right I think
we're getting that one all right these
are all our new friends kay can take
them home all right we got our five new
family members and we are gonna take
them home so cool so pretty and cute and
I love the combination that we got -
they're all different they're all so
cute and pretty and hopefully I'll go
look at they're all just cuddling right
now you guys are gonna be the best of
friends yeah hopefully they're all girls
because we get a rooster we have to
basically go renovate get a new one
because we only want hands so that we
can get eggs from them we try to get as
many of them sexed as we can but
sometimes like the rare breed ones are
really hard to do at this age so we'll
see all Finn's getting a good look at
them Allie can you show Finn then look
at their little just like you okay hey
Ollie which one is your favorite um that
one
ah she's got a little poof ball on her
head alright Missy we should tell them
what we're gonna name them they all have
very special names very important you
guys we've got dreams about this for a
long time so we're going to tell you
right now so why don't you just lift
them out and I'll tell them who they are
you guys will see a recurring theme to
this one's name is Edie Edie Britt this
one's name is Gabrielle or Gabby
Gabrielle Solis this one's name is you
Dinesh yes this is Lynette Scavo this
one is Bree Bree van de Kamp right here
Susan Mayer
if you guys know yet with sure how their
names
these are arch desperate House chicks ah
named after the Desperate Housewives oh
that one Susan can say Susan Susan in
Desperate Housewives is a little ditzy
and these ones actually they have a big
poof ball on top of their head so
sometimes they can walk a little funny
because it affects their vision so we
thought oh that's gonna be clumsy it'll
be a perfect season
and mrs. dree cuz she's red and green
has red hair and very pretty
yeah Gabrielle is is very like chic
she's like she's small petite yes she
sounds a good daddy Lynette is just a
Lynette I don't know how to explain like
that
she's just a mom she's in charge in
charge for sure Edie is another
beautiful to see the stokke so Edie's
beautiful as well so small and petite
strong beautiful yeah
you
you
all right we laid down some cardboard
paper at the bottom so it's easy to
clean up when we're ready to move them
and then we're gonna put these what is
this done
it's like sawdust and we're gonna do a
lot more than that
Ali's helping us out we're gonna layer
it all up so that the chickies can sleep
in May and play on this stuff okay all
right take it out of there dump it on
the floor dig it up get it all out hey
kid hey go get it got it their food good
then we've got their water I get their
water baby just like this here down that
up all right we've got their bulb going
stay a little spot to get warm some
waters and food has a look now I just
need to get the chickies in here huh
by the way we ended up flipping around I
figured I actually don't really want the
chickies going over there when we can't
really get them so this is a nice big
area big enough and they can't get too
far away from my salsa so that's good
right we got the coop all set up for
right here in the garage there's Gabby
there's Edie Oh careful clean that small
gallery cause I'm all Gabby is that
Suzanne Suzanne and then Miss Bree there
you go
you like them I think they'll be happy
is there are chickens dude they're gonna
stay here in the garage what do you guys
think of our chickens do you like do you
like their names if you guys are
wondering why we named them after
Desperate Housewives it's kind of a
little Easter Egg because Missy and I
used to watch that show all the time
you're obsessed and we still turn it on
sometimes too that's where you eat yeah
oh good
that's so cool
all right Finn is having some lunch he's
got a little peanut bread with some
hummus on it which I just introduced
hummus yesterday and he so far the loves
it and I like that he likes it cousin
basically like a bean it contains like a
lot of protein which is nice he's got
some strawberries here which he really
loves so I always like to cut some of
these that good you liked all that Oh
sour little sour and then Brian just
kind of fried us up some chicken we're
going to have all chicken sandwiches and
I'm ready eat I'm starving making
homemade macaroni yeah it's really this
homemade homemade macaroni and cheese
right here yeah the best you want some
mac and cheese all right guys as someone
you may know VidCon is fast approaching
and we are actually gonna have a very
busy VidCon scheduled for the weekend so
here it is I'm going to put it up on the
screen basically we're gonna have a
panel on Thursday morning which is going
to be super fun with a bunch of other
daily vlogging families and then after
that we're going to be doing a interview
QA
and I'm actually gonna have a very
special announcement for you guys during
that and then I'm also going to be
performing a couple of songs at the
Maker booth on Thursday at 5:30 which is
going to be really cool Friday we are
actually going to be doing signings and
selfies at the Sly Fox threads booth and
all during VidCon we're going to be
selling an exclusive VidCon shirts and
it's really cool because we actually
collab with Sly Fox threads on it it's a
really sweet design so I'll put on the
screen also so you can check it out
really excited about this shirt it will
only be sold at VidCon at the site box
ride booth so be sure to go check that
out and we will be showing up on Friday
to do signings and selfies and get to
hang out and meet some of you guys
because that'd be really cool and then
Saturday morning we actually have an
official VidCon meetup so I hope you
guys are coming to VidCon because we
have a lot of cool stuff happening and
we can't wait to see you guys there
check out this bad boy also you guys we
got a drum machine for the show at the
Maker booth Jeffrey's over and we're
getting everything right we're actually
gonna have some of the band come over
because we're gonna do a rehearsal what
we're doing in acoustics
right so it's going to be you we're
gonna have our drummer who's going to be
on this oh yeah and then Garrett's doing
keys so they're all going to come over
tonight and we're going to practice
couple the songs that we're doing that's
cool dude yeah it's good it's gonna be a
cool vibe for an acoustic show we're
going to try and like give it a little
bit more production but it's gonna be a
lot different here that's sick Joe my
drummer in the building y'all he's going
over the new drum machine to make sure
it all sounds right shows gonna be like
acoustic you do like piano sin I'm fine
ah I think we're gonna figure it out
yeah I love that classic piano sound you
know alright so I just came in from
outside and we have been trying to deal
with a little issue that we've had on
the property and I totally frozen fog
about so I'm gonna tell you about it
right now
but as you guys know there's like a
natural spring down the hill from us but
there's another spot away from that
natural spring where water seems to be
seeping through the ground and we just
figured oh it must be another natural
spring but then we decided to maybe we
should just dig in and look into it a
little further and we found a pipe so
that pipe ended up having a crack
there's a crack here right there and
then I know Anna's a crack right here
wait those little cracks we're causing
all that water yeah because our water
bill was like way more than it should be
like what is going on and turned out it
was this pipe we had it fixed so now we
cannot turn our water on for the next
two hours we're cooking dinner very
difficult you can get her finally
getting water from yogi yeah and then
I'm like filling up like cups of water
to wash my hands yeah good for me he's
wronged me so yes like wash his hands
and stuff so it's definitely a little
tricky but it's only for the next two
hours and then we can turn all the water
back on it's good that we are able to
actually figure out what the problem was
going on because actually the lady who
originally moved here told us that that
also was another natural spring so we
were just like that's not just mean but
you're like that seems weird and our
Warrenville is like really kind of crazy
so let's check it and it turns out
to be exactly what we thought it was I
just brought my hit self in the face a
little hey alright guys it has been two
hours
my dad just told me there's a full moon
now is that full moon looks like most of
it but we are ready to turn on some
water and my dad stuck around because he
walked me through like how to do it all
but then he I he like got nervous he
don't want to leave me alone to do it so
I'm gonna go with him to do it though is
the first ones way way down there like
three feet in the ground getting too
close of a camera it's like way down
there is no reason occur okay ready just
you're gonna have to like almost lay
down there don't fall did it turn none
skin it not it all right then well did
it so there's a little bit of a process
though when turning out in the water
wait till I turn on all the outside
water and then turn on like the bathtubs
first so that the water is like the dirt
doesn't plug up the tubs and stuff if
anyone's wondering why Brian's not out
here because I'm always doing stuff with
my yeah I just like doing stuff like
this personally and Brian's just like
putting all the beds since I put Finn to
bed and all it takes a little bit more
time than fitting so I like doing stuff
like this people always ask why Brian's
not outside I know it I like doing it
I'm like Brian stop I want to do it
anyways we're gonna go one more and then
we're done
oh you are the other waterline is off
outside of our property so we have to
take the Polaris you'll turn it on it's
pretty simple got it
right headed back to the Polaris all
right we're checking on the pipe that
was just fixed after we found the water
the Frog is just hanging out
oh my goodness you JH oh my gosh you're
so cute it's ugly
alright it looks good that right dad
alright all the chickies are under the
little warm light and they're just being
so cute that I'm so much fun all day you
know you guys are happy aren't you
band rehearsal yo we're actually making
a lot of songs off of like are you like
super chill and halftime I think it's
gonna be a really good sound okay some
of it
in confuse and longing for something now
stand up with me we'll find a place
where freedom looms
I in dig it
