all right we're at the movies and we're
having a limbo contest how low can you
go can you go down low oh dude wherever
you are that's whatever wanna be big
I am
I'm around
with me
good morning from me and my messy eater
Finlay what's up dude
you were very talkative this morning
before I turned on the camera what do
you got to say oh good morning guys this
morning for breakfast I gave Finn a
tortilla some celery strawberry and
banana and he loved all of it all of it
and I was like all those things are
relatively clean not gonna be too much
of a mess and then I look at him and I'm
like oh my gosh you are filthy boy I'm
taking care of in this morning
Missi went to a doctor's appointment
with Ollie so I'm sure she'll let you
guys know what happened with that but
today is the day after all the craziness
so 4th of July family time
barbecues editing new projects the new
intro by the way thank you for all the
love on that and the house has just
accumulated a lot of filth so today
we're going to be cleaning we're gonna
be straightening up and we're gonna be
organizing mom of the future right here
this is how we get stuff done you guys
it is so nice all right Missy just like
zipping around the house yeah I feel
like I get things done faster yeah yeah
just like grab it get back on in there a
mom Missy just got back from Ali's
doctor's appointment how did it go she
says he still has a little bit of an ear
infection but that she's just gonna not
treated since he's not in pain or
coughing or anything and then I see it
hopefully I should clear up on time yeah
I might actually do like colloidal
silver oh okay
pair it up the rest of the way that way
I don't have to put them back on
antibiotics I don't have to yeah all
right well we're gonna clean this house
today yeah kind of a disaster let's do
it we have contained the boys in the
playroom hopefully they know not of our
plan to trap them in here we have this
gate closed and that door closed and
they're just watch it and shows and
playing with toys and stuff always
singing the tyrannosaurs song right now
Tyrannosaurus right Tyrannosaurus Rex
I've got basically everything clean
except the dishes I hate doing dishes
guys but this is just the one thing you
have to clean like every single day yes
I am still on the scooter what does it
have our board I've done a few things
without it but I've got basically
everything cleaned up looking really
really good
other than laundry oh I've got this in
the dryer which I feel like this always
you just get so sidetracked because it
takes like an hour for them to wash and
dry these are done I'm trying to dry
these and for a while I was drying them
and I forgot to clean out the trap and
so it wasn't trying I was like oh wow
there's a lot of stuff in here but yeah
I've got quite a few loads that I got a
wash and dry put away but that's kind of
like all the time as long as it's
contained in the room and I can just
clean it do it and then move on with my
day the boys are in here yo just you
know you know just do mess up you know
okay you know yeah nice I gotta grab my
dress you kid all you need is like a
beer and oh oh okay there's a lot of
soda cans and girl
for the past four days yes season in
here non-stop which by the way you guys
are intro it up how do you guys like it
I love it I think it's really cool I
know a lot of people like weird Karma
here's the deal guys karma cannot be an
intro because it makes the intro so long
and good news is wrong he is he is in
the intro for sure we love you
yes he's behind us in one shot and he's
in a Polaroid photo but he can't be in
like the main part of the intro like 45
seconds long it's already a lot longer
yeah it really is just so long and
here's the good news
we plan to get more dogs and more
animals and we can't have every single
dog and every single animal in the intro
so we love karma karma is part of our
family but he can't be in the intro and
he's totally cool with it I asked him
and he said it's fine guys I don't want
to be an intro anyways too much
attention so anyways if you guys are
upset about that hopefully you're not
anymore because not a big deal Wow looks
very nice do I look like organized oh
I'm getting a phone call
you look very organized with nothing to
do yeah really really nice I am worried
that you're never gonna do anything up
there that's so high oh yeah there you
go
oh it's me and Tao VidCon our first
pitch Missy and Talia Missy I guess you
say you're a pin-up girl now look where
I'm at I met Mimi and Papa's so I'm
getting ready to meet up with Italian
Hannah and so the boys are gonna hang
out with Mimi and Papa for an hour while
I get my nails done even have a good
time
they were both literally tossed out in
the car and I was like I just transfer
them and those people I'm gone ya know
they both just like woke up right away
and now they're gonna play which is
probably better anyways they can just
play it Mimi and Papa's
so we all just got done with our toes
and oh my god you guys both got white
actually and I got black I'm just like
the black sheep whatever yeah we just
had an interesting experience getting
our toes
ahead but it was fun we had fun together
and now we're off see you later
tonight's dinner is brought to you by
the color orange
look at that Olli sell it good yeah so
this is the color orange see we have
orange goldfish we have orange oranges
confusing I know and we also have
grilled cheese with yummy orange cheese
in the middle see that no good yeah okay
I'll put it down he's like get your
hands off my food hey dude hey you got
fun at Mimi and Papa's dad that got a
haircut yeah what do you think of my
haircut
hey you like it yeah yeah I like your
haircut too okay
he actually has a haircut scheduled in
two weeks we're gonna try and cut it
every four weeks so we can stay
consistent on this summer right cuz you
like getting haircuts now huh yeah okay
I got you dinner can you eat it no
please
man a Punjab baby that's an orange
I knew Missy and the kids were on the
way home so I got them dinner prepared
cuz Missy and I are gonna go out on a
little date tonight and this is what I
have prepared for Finn and he seems to
be loving it huh buddy hi I got toast
with hummus mangoes cheese celery and
green beans I made you green beans I
know these are your favorite he's like I
love hummus he really does love anything
with hummus on it yeah we'll put some
hummus on this green bean you want this
green bean no I'm sad right there just
in case Kay he's very into that right
now
oh that one's just good can you take
about here grilled cheese please please
yeah okay you can have a goldfish but
you have to take about a grilled cheese
first can you do that oh my goodness the
head shaking on this boy you're just a
normal two-year-old you don't like to
eat anything huh
maybe putting him on these bar stools
what's the
choice well I think Ally is being a
little naughty naughty and not eating
his dinner what are you doing what did
you do
is that your seat go show mama Missy you
need to see this he is extremely proud
of himself
what is how do you do that I have no
idea how he got out of that but he's
like sitting eating his dinner and he
just like got off the chair in this and
he still buckled to it how did you do
that oli look at her it's so cute you
didn't know that your seat moved like
that did you you're gonna sit right
there okay that kid is giving us a run
for our money this kid on the other hand
is such a good eater he ate almost all
two pieces of that toast I don't even
see any in his seat I don't see any did
you eat it all or did you eat it karma
if you dropped it Karma's pretty good at
making sure it stays a little bit clean
you are so messy and you don't even care
right now oh I am really actually
enjoying baby letter waiting I think
it's a lot easier than what we did last
time because we're honestly just
grabbing food like tons of different
kinds of foods and just putting them in
front of them and letting him explore
been really fun and really cool for him
I think it's gonna help
honestly oli are you coming back on the
other hand we have this kid doesn't eat
nothing come on
Wabble you're way over here come on
mister you go sit right there come on
let's go sit on the table okay this is
what we deal with toddler life all right
Mimi and Papa are here cuz they're gonna
watch the kids while we go out but they
brought us samples you figure out what
color we want the treasures treasure
chest this is more of like a natural
color uh-huh this has some more reddish
brownish tones in there but on camera
it looks nice and that's important how
it looks on camera he also showed me the
flat oh yeah and this one look so this
one brings out the green a little more
yeah first and makes a little darker
yeah whoa excuse me all he would like me
to know that he has a tattoo where'd you
get that my dad back
oh really yeah that's not your back wait
did you just put that on oh I was like
how did you do that yeah Ali which one
do you like this one or this one a lot
this one that one yeah I actually do
like that when it's not super red dark
with me please a truck just is dark I
actually really like this one yeah I'm
waiting more toward that one too
okay really yeah all right Allah give me
a hug and a kiss goodnight car have you
done L kiss mmm
goodnight Dino can I give you a kiss I
love you yeah
can we kiss mm-hmm be good for me me and
pop okay okay have fun you're gonna take
your medicine
yo that is weird he is jabbering on
today so funny she woke up nearly
telling me I'm a doctor I like you're
going to dark no wait ha ha by Olly I
love you
follow me pop okay all right Finn is
asleep yes I was so worried that he was
going to be like a wig but he totally
fell asleep when we were driving here so
I'm super excited he's home and happy
always happy and me and bag is gonna
skate it's a beautiful night we're
actually meeting up with Jeffry and
Natalya now and we're gonna hang out and
watch a movie and get to have some adult
time right yeah kids are fun but
sometimes you need a little hole time
alright we're at the movies and we're
having a limbo contest how low can you
go can you go down low oh dude sounds
are like almost scared can you do it how
low can you go hello oh my dear girl get
it Missy you got a one-upper go go go oh
oh oh oh oh alright beautiful people of
the internet we are back at home yeah in
our bed feels so good did your fun
stupid fun we ate a PF Changs and ate so
much food and then we gotta watch a
movie and hang out with adults hi come
on come on hmm
has anybody hmm the dog that we didn't
good indeed I'm sorry I'm sorry it would
have been too long
love you he really doesn't care it like
he doesn't care cuz like as long as you
still love me you don't give a flying
bark do you yeah we're home now kids are
asleep
call it a night anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up and we will see I
mean yeah
