oh my gosh you guys where's oli I see
karma locked in the chicken coop anyone
home
oh hi good morning Finn say good morning
good morning guys we were back at
student school today and always excited
what do you get if you do good you get a
sucker if you're good yeah you gotta do
all the tricks
don't put buzz in your nose and Ted you
get your sucker right you're gonna take
him swimming with you you're gonna show
him how you float on your back okay turn
so I actually just got these goggles for
Ollie and I love them they're super like
flexible very soft I'm like really
stretchy so I'm hoping that he'll wear
them and like them and start to want to
use goggles there you go and then you
just take this one behind your head no
we put on me I can't she's small but
therefore here for Ali's Mama's have too
big
all these who just still gonna swim huh
but tell me why did you get at swim
school today um uh yeah a shark award
you got a shark award huh yeah are you
gonna tell daddy about it yeah so yeah
he passed level one of some school but
he actually did passed that last year or
maybe even been longer than that but he
totally like wasn't like quite I think
passed level 1 plus he kind of forgot it
so he's definitely passed level 1 now
and so I was super proud of him super
happy for you ollie I love you ok let's
go get some food mama starvin kay
ok
another charcoal mark yep graduate-level
one oh my goodness I'm so proud of you
so I'm out to lunch with everyone now
all he did so good in swim class I
cannot wait to see all the footage but
we are getting food
I got a Caesar salad wrap which I've
never got but it looks really good Missy
got pulled pork cuz I always look good
and you got pickle bro yeah do you I
love me you like pickles we can't be
friends anymore
everyone I don't think I got a violin
look rightish found all you guys
swimming does this all the time it's so
cool wipes him out all are you tired no
of course you're not
he's so cool I am so stinking proud of
him you guys look at I put his award
right on the fridge
oh it's just so cool that we have kids
now and when they get awards or they do
some really cool art we can put on the
fridge it's kind of just like one of
those moments as a parent you're like
wow so with this swim award it means
that Oliver is comfortable going
underwater he glides independently and
he floats on his tummy and his back and
he jumps in the water without assistance
or goggles so neat look who decided to
jump in the pool like a swimmer now no I
told him he could with all your clothes
on did you fall in the pool Yankee yeah
fall in the pool I'm a pro I don't fall
in pools right it's silly
he is so good awesome buddy all right
you guys Finn just took an amazing nap
and I am
riding around on the hoverboard I'm
gonna go get him oh no easy sad oh hi
good morning how's it going buddy come
on come on oh my little guy he had such
a good nap did you
he actually put yourself to sleep so
proud of you
hey come here hey Judah go see mama
think Mama's outside by the pool do you
like this
you like being ridden around on the
hoverboard poor guy why do kids never
wake up in a good mood I just I don't
get it it's okay yeah dad does like a
robot I'm like floating or like a ghost
Oh ghost dad sounds like a Disney movie
title let's go see what Mama's doing you
wanna go see let's look out the window
look at the window what's going on up
there
what is going on out here
karma is going crazy whose phone is that
Geoffrey oh oh what are you gonna do
karma what are you gonna do laughing
hysterically at it yes we like to freak
em out sometimes
Ben what do you think about that Ben
silly doggy huh not on the glass not on
the glass oh my gosh you guys where's
ollie I see karma locked in the chicken
coop but I don't see an ollie ollie what
is going on hello is anyone home oh hi
you're in the house did you lock karma
in the coop that's hilarious
no no you say I'm okay I won't fit he
knows how to do all those things now
look at this can you let him out Ollie
let's let him out okay
he needs out he's he's sad
there we go see there you go Karma
Holley has been obsessed with the pool
today ever since getting a swimming uh
he's gonna show you guys something
really cool show me show me cannonball K
Wow and then look at this you guys right
to the side Holley that is so good I'm
so proud of you
he's just swimming in the deep end oh my
gosh babe crazy I am so glad we started
to swim lesson so early he feared it out
like he can just lift his head back and
breathe hey Ollie can you do one more
cannonball for dead ah yeah good job
look at him going over to his back to
find the edge like he's doing what they
taught him in swim class that's amazing
making some chicken fajitas holla leave
me a comment let me know what kind of
pick he does me like best or better yet
let's pull it Roman Atwood go to all
your other daily vloggers and just
randomly put in the comments what your
favorite type of fajitas are I think
that'd be hilarious I'm cooking fajitas
right now we didn't know a whole lot in
the house but I remembered I bought this
frozen already marinated chicken meat we
had a pepper so I sliced that up and I'm
just sauteing this in the skillet now
until it's all the way cooked and then
we have some rice going as well so we're
just gonna make fajitas Finn is eaten
bell peppers and rice and Missy dipped
in ranch
I was like babe we don't eat bell
peppers and ranch so it's just kind of
weird it is actually really good to
teach your your kids to dip because
dipping is fun and it could help them
like more food so we wish all he did all
he dips in syrup we need pancakes that's
about a hit but dipping is fun and good
isn't it buddy yes you are a disgusting
mess I love this new highchair by the
way you guys we can just roll it up here
whenever we need to it's pretty handy
huh well Missy another
last-minute dinner in the bag doesn't
look good looks good smells good we got
rice we got chicken and we had basically
nothing planned I love when that works
out I don't have to leave our house we
go shopping we just did it end up
shopping we were supposed to go to
Costco today yeah and then we're like oh
wow it's dinner time yeah well you know
just chillin by the fire in our room was
actually kind of cold so we started a
fire tonight check out all my monitors
and chargers and like a collection so
funny all the rejects terrible yeah
maybe use them like when we go on trips
like a lot like I over yeah it is kind
of nice having extras but man we've been
having a lot of bad luck with monitors
lately okay so far I really like this
one it really reaches throughout the
house of VTech my biggest issue is just
getting it to reach far enough I just
like it so far I really like it I love
this kind of annoying yeah today was
such a good day Holly did so good at the
pool and they got a swim award I'm so
sting and predicate I seriously was like
getting emotional watching him jump in
the pool and then like swim to the side
in the deep end you guys that's crazy
think I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog but guess what you guys we hit 1.5
million subscribers thank you so much we
actually drove to Dunkin Donuts and got
double celebrate not really to celebrate
but I just really had to have a doughnut
be a seriously thank you guys so much
1.5 million subscribers is insane
we hit a million subscribers at the very
beginning of the new year now we're
halfway through the year we might
actually be a 2 million by the end of
the year you guys that'd be insane never
would have imagined that so that's
pretty stinkin cool but anyway thanks
for watching today's video hope you guys
joy to give a thumbs up subscribe leave
a comment really will see manana bye
instead
in the
Hornets
can't say yeah
I am home
and
