let's go see mama you want to walk to
mama and see what she's doing you're
doing so good we could show her you're
walking come on Maisie look at this kid
do you see him show it mama you can do
all the way go all the way he just
walked the entire length of the room
good morning Missy is getting pampered
right now what are we doing here babe
yes we are shooting for the intro today
and she doesn't have to worry about it
we can make sure it's done right the
intro is gonna be up for a long time so
you want to make sure it looks good yeah
I actually think I might even get a
little bit of makeup yeah is that okay
Ben if I wear a little makeup furniture
I'm good she's gonna give me a hard time
about it forever
oh yeah Missy's getting all dolled up
and we're getting ready to shoot some
cool shots for the intro it's gonna be
in front of a green screen and then
we're like superimposing like really
cool graphics behind us it's gonna be
cool all right you guys we are doing
target practice with Captain America all
right Ollie go to Jeffrey and shoot your
bouquet well of course you got I mean
right in front of that that's in over
there get at your spot we're gonna set
Captain America right there and then
you're gonna shoot the ball at him yeah
yes still there you go now you gotta did
you get him yeah you did oh you know
just got to protect my skin you know
from the indoor lighting it might be
very harsh on my my pale my pale skin
got this little umbrella just for that
hey is it bad luck to open an umbrella
indoors if it's a light umbrella yes
it's only half the battle
Oh only house only ten years oh yay yes
you're good only ten years bad luck
we're setting up lights now and we got
the green screen these are cool I'm
excited we're gonna have enough lights
usually we never have enough lights but
I ordered a kit that had a green screen
and four lights with it sounds like
sweat
Missy what have we turned our entrance
into yeah this is crazy
Geoffrey and I have been setting up all
of these lights I have the green screen
up and all lit and all by itself well I
mean it's gonna be a little inspired the
intro will be a little inspired by
something and you guys will probably see
it once it goes up we're ready to do
some fun shots hashtag will got like
this you guys I'm wearing makeup right
now you can't hardly tell what do you
think dude yeah I am not wearing makeup
right now Geoffrey so it's like no
makeup makeup no makeup makeup I'm also
like 10 years younger than you 1000 how
about to get smacked I just put a little
on me so I don't look so shiny in the
light and now we're getting ready to
film
Ali's spot and then it's my turn hey
dude you look cute I like your hair
that's a light we're gonna take some
video pictures kay your hair looks super
duper cute though I love it are you a
wild one yeah yeah did mama get you
ready you wanna jump to me oh there we
go
would you want to take some video
pictures Olly you do okay Finn your
outfit looks familiar
is that what you're gonna wear I think
it looks cute because it brings out his
eyes I'm like a pop yeah let me see
their blue-ice let me see oh did you -
fart was that you Jeffrey I never hear
you fart my god fart no that was
sarcastic I see that every time I voice
all right it is Finny's turn to film his
section of the intro we have a table
here that we stole from the playroom and
we just put a block blanket OH
clips nice touch Jeffery make sure it
won't slide off we're just gonna set him
right there in the middle and make him
laugh that shouldn't be hard
No
that's the key boy that I think we're
sure well so you're going to sit right
there babe yeah okay let's get him - hey
he's only looking at you so we fill up
the fountain today I decided to just let
a whole pig get in it because you guys
just playing out here now he's in the
top part of the felony having fun yeah
oh you push the button let me see that
button oh yeah there it is Ben's just
crawling around he's been splashing up
here you just been hanging out having a
nice fun day with the kids working on
the intro and everything all right you
guys Finn is 8 months old it's time you
stop walking just kidding so we just got
to get him ready cuz I bet he'll be one
Ollie always have to chime in don't Joe
kind of kiss mm okay so we're just gonna
walk within and see if he does anything
I don't even know what can you come in
can you walk take a step out oh no
okay we're going to mama okay put your
feet on the ground put your feet on the
ground there we go
and okay no I'm turtling with style yeah
you got boom boom boom boom boom hey try
and watch her mama Oh seriously seems
like he said you can't move your feet go
Oh
I'll hold your hands and you walk toward
it okay okay look at me good and Eddie
come here there we go there you go there
you go there you go see you see a woman
Shirley can you show up in how to walk
no okay
go to mama walk to mama Oh walk to mama
yeah teaching on be rebellious yeah once
toddlers are gonna walk they're like
pigs teaching business oh yeah we Emily
we can start with that yeah okay walk
over here okay there you go yeah
I seriously predict that this kid will
be walking within a month or two before
it before he's 10 months old I bet he'll
be walking I don't know he is he's doing
pretty good like he is starting to let
go and stand there for a couple seconds
so that's pretty cool all right guys
tonight we are cooking breakfast for
dinner yeah and I actually have been
craving a nice breakfast burrito for a
really long time so I'm gonna make a
breakfast burrito Missy's making
pancakes this boys Ian celery and is not
hummus yes celery hummus and blueberries
was that once a parent cake he did eat a
little bit of a pink dang already
smashed it I just took some bacon off of
the stove I got eggs ready Missy's got
pancakes we're making hash browns all
that yummy breakfast amazing food it
sounds so good right now and actually
Missy and I were talking about how cool
it would be if we can live stream when
we make dinner with the kids or when
we're eating dinner and sort of make
like a show about it whether it's like
once a week or once a month or every two
weeks I just think it'd be
like fun to do like a livestream whether
it's on our Facebook page or on YouTube
and we could even have like a little
like a title and it'd be like a fun
place where we can chat with you guys
and also livestream because we've been
thinking about doing some Facebook
livestream because that's like huge
right now and everyone loves watching
them so let us know in the comments what
you think and if you guys don't know we
actually do have a Facebook page for
daily box so if you guys want to be
connected with us on Facebook yeah
Karma's like yeah get on it I'll have a
link down below in the description so
that you can like our page and then if
we do end up doing a dinner with daily
bumps you'll only see it there so it
won't be like on YouTube or anything
like that a dyno beat you oh no do you
need to go to the doctor oh well you got
pancakes and blueberries yeah yeah are
you missing anything what are you
missing
where are the strawberries I don't know
where they go I think we're all gone
yeah we're all out of those that's
pretty good pancake though huh come over
here with your sexy self and your sexy
braids did you sprayed your hair just
like just now
yeah just super fast you're pro hey you
know put this kid to bed yeah okay I
need to kiss them I need to kiss you cuz
you're going to bed
LLL help you slobbered yeah yeah got you
oh I'm out for step
ok corvette coupe escort i curtain
curtain curtain curvature by camera book
your book eager bed hey love you oh yeah
one good day you're gonna what
yeah one okay you're gonna help me end
the vlog okay well let's do it hey Ali
do you want to give your salt land salt
lamp a lick what do you need
oh he needs us your stool huh here come
on come on the chair here hop on the
chair hang on dad come here oh there we
go
what the days like today is like dinos
poop yeah do you not like it it's yucky
okay yeah taste salt salty huh Yochai
again yucky
hey oli what color is it um back no
orange oh yeah so lunch yeah
alright we help me on the vlog today hey
let me see it yeah it is so heavy huh is
this your favorite book JD yeah you can
move his tail by moving that that's cool
huh
you wanna give it a read yeah okay what
we're gonna read it but we're gonna hop
up here and say good night okay that's
all for today's vlog if you guys enjoyed
it be sure to give it a big thumbs up
and subscribe and we'll see you manana
oli what do you say
is home
in the fair
good hornets I can
I'd say it
I am home
