ah Missy there's like random people
hanging out in Finn's room who is that
guy and who's that guy what are they
doing good morning guys
I just woke up and checked on the tables
on the camera and I noticed that their
water is absolutely disgusting it check
this out
I cleaned their entire cage yesterday
and this water I changed right before I
went to bed at probably like 10:30 I
changed this look at it I mean it's
literally covered in crap like what are
you going to get into a fight like last
night or what this is crazy what are you
guys doing in here partying like oh my
god that stresses me out so much that
they can get that covered in so much
like they can't I don't even think they
can drink that water at all and least
they shouldn't I really need to think of
probably another option because this is
not working
this is the messiest they've ever made
it so it's kind of weird you guys are
crazy chickens aren't you alright there
you go fresh water cool beers are happy
try not to get it dirty so quickly okay
good morning babe weenie
um I hate to ruin your morning with
something but I found something
something gross you're scaring me did
you see this I don't know what that is
you are what is that is that pee karma
was that you oh I never he's in the
house oh you think it's karma for real I
thought maybe it was all yeah like we
have a potty training toddler maybe that
was it
oh yeah that is really lob I feel like
dang I think you left a lid on this uh
oh
karma why'd you do that buddy okay I'm
gonna be honest like karma does not be
in the house unless he like didn't get
out in time so maybe he just peed at
some point because he yeah go karma
that's a no-no buddy I'm sorry how do
you think he did it on this table
happens oh it could have oh we're gonna
have to Magic Eraser that's like crazy
this this is probably trash or not this
big beautiful rug how does he know like
we never come over here I know dang
alright karma go grab cleaning supplies
you cleaning it up he can't clean up he
doesn't have thumbs baby yeah go outside
and frolic it's never a dull moment in
this house you guys I'm telling you
Danny dig ready to throw it away
we'll try and clean maybe we can try and
dry clean it yeah movie shot ray Finn's
getting his morning workout in come on
come on crawl crawl crawl crawl crawl
crawl
come on that's all you're gonna do
you're such a cute baby you know that
you know what effing you're a very cute
baby when are you gonna walk when you're
gonna learn to walk buddy huh
that would be cool actually it'd be very
weird Finn is I believe eight months now
and all they started walking at nine
months so it's I think it's gonna be
really soon you start walking really
soon all over the place you're so little
it was so crazy when all he started
walking in nine months cuz he was so
little like we have little kids they're
not big big kids so it's kind of odd
because it's like a baby walking around
and he's always standing up see just
like that you say you got some pretty
strong legs yes she do is you do all
right you guys today we are going to
film some stuff for the new intro I know
you guys been waiting forever I have to
and so we have some free time today and
tomorrow we're gonna be filming but
first we need to take some Polaroids of
the whole family so we are outside and
get some Polaroids of Ollie hey ollie
doing goats here doc oh hi yeah yeah
he's like slightly afraid of
pterodactyls - he's like yeah look II
just got here
actually remember the code
what's up do you got goodies why once
again cool though oh those are cool so
you got about a hat hey wait you got a
hat
oh let's see it he does not do hats guys
we just got him to do sunglasses thanks
guys
just showing up giving us free swag
preesh almost amore mom my gosh
that's awesome like such a kid thing
when you're like telling them a story
and they're like Hollywood you find ah
that's a lemon
oh yes smell it just smell good smell it
does smell good this one actually does
not much not okay you might have picked
it a little too early we have a little
lemon tree here and every now and then
we come out here we see lemons on it
they like grow within a matter of days
it's crazy
I just have a picture look we'll have to
see if they're so cute look at these
pictures you guys I don't know if
they'll turn now because the colors a
little wonky but all he actually sat in
the grass imposed from he hadn't even
tell him to do that you guys he's just
so used to it by now I guess uh Missy
there's like random people hanging out
in Finn's room with that guy and who's
that guy what are they doing
no we know they're there what are they
doing baby proofing the entire household
yes furniture and using that like sent
up against the wall TVs outlets cabinets
and all them baby proof yeah so that's
gonna be nice they can't get themselves
into too much trouble yeah I actually
really like the way they did it to see
those little straps all along this unit
I just feel like we wanted to have a
professional come in and do it this time
so we have done it at past houses but
kind of didn't know we're doing cuz
we're not being proved professionals so
they're actually big proof professionals
they went through the whole house and
figured out what we needed to basically
strapped to the wall and what needs to
be covered and and all that good said I
think they changed out all of that oh
yeah they put all of the actual baby
proof plugs in the playroom which is
nicely it to move it over to plug into
so those are actually really cool and
I'm excited we don't to worry about
anything falling on the kids
all right we're going on a little
Polaris ride
I think that's impacto we're still in
Reverse so I better switch that probably
shouldn't blog and hold a baby and drive
okay you wanna go look for chicks
no I want my damn snakes yes I think you
might go look for some snakes we got a
little snake catcher back there
Oh still around the property see what's
going on okay yes maybe we'll find a
t-rex kay okay got the packages oh my
gosh maybe then plot oh my goodness ow
hold that baby okay hold that for Mama
thank you so you guys are going to find
this kind of interesting I just drove up
to our little pond area where we were
told that there was just sort of a
natural spring on the property of water
they actually had the water tested and
it proved that it was not city water and
that it was just natural water well as
you guys know a few weeks ago we fixed
the leak that was happening just right
over here apparently by fixing that lien
our little natural spring has completely
dried up
so that kind of tells me that I don't
think it was a natural spring I think
that was a leak for years probably with
the leak and I asked my dad was like
well if they tested it to be like not
city water what do you think then he
says well maybe because it filtered
through just like tons of sand and dirt
that maybe by the time they were able to
get a sample of it it seems like natural
water like it didn't have any of the
chlorine that a city water would have so
I'm pretty shocked little bummed I'm
definitely disappointed I was kind of
looking forward to either like creating
this natural like pond or like using the
water to kind of water our entire
property because she said it would it
would just produce like 50 gallons a day
especially during the summer and I was
like that's amazing and it's completely
dry guys there's no more water in that
pond that's crazy oh my gosh I can't
believe it's been a leak the leak so
yeah I'm pretty shocked and amazed at
that information now it's not for sure
yet it's possible that maybe it just is
drying up because it's summertime and
maybe isn't producing as much water as
it does because I mean she did have it
tested and I mean it does seem pretty
crazy that it would just come up as not
steady water
I don't know Liz it's really really
interesting that it dries up and I
remember her saying that even in the
summer it still produces water so
definitely makes me think that it was
city water and then it was just a leak
and we just fixed it makes me feel
really bad for the people who lived here
before us because they probably were
paying for that city water all these
years and it was just linking out to a
pond that they thought was a natural
spring so pretty crazy I'd like to get
to the bottom of it pretty quickly
that's that's pretty crazy Pizza time
you know how we do you you you know how
we do the whole Sly Fox family's here
we just went swimming go watch it on
their Channel and now we're eating pizza
well you're not in pizza you want wings
huh you're all about them wings thank
you you like wings too Holly are you
eating yeah I love your hair dude yeah
looks cool right there
Thanks you're welcome I love and he says
thank you and thanks now it's so cute
all right guys it is getting late we had
so much fun swimming with Hannah and
Andrew and the kids and now we're
putting our kids to bed and I was going
to tell you guys that like Finn sleeps
soldier these days like I literally just
like laying down I say goodnight and
then he just goes to bed and it's like
the most amazing thing tonight he's not
as happy as a kid as a baby tonight
hey I love you oh I just don't mean
phone tease you know I love you okay ah
so anyways I gotta go help Finn he's
like not happy not having it tonight but
I'm sure once I like kind of come for
him for a second he'll go right to sleep
so that's good and then he sleeps all
night long and then he doesn't even wake
up sometimes lately I'm just saying not
bragging or anything lately he's been
sleeping until like 9:00 a.m. and I'm
like yes he's the first six months of
his life we're literally no sleep he was
like had a nurse all night long he'd
wake up by like 6:00 6:30 7:00 every
single morning in uh-huh and now he's
like sleeping all night long I was like
six months turn and he's like a totally
different child it's pretty crazy but
anyway so now you see me a little bit
more of a run for my money so I'm gonna
go in and the vlog while I go deal with
sin here you can hear
yeah he's not too happy so give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
in the fridge
Hornets are
I can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with me
little hands that are far too long to
hold a brand-new
