oh my gosh you guys I had to grab at the
camera because think you think we just
found two of the cutest little baby kids
and the kids are in love and a half -
hmm good morning guys hey t-bohhh wake
up good morning Brian your voice sounds
great today
we are back at the barn today and I'm so
excited because a lot of family and
friends want to come out and ride my
horse and just see them and check it out
so I'm really excited but anyways I'm
really excited to get nacho out I will
say I'm having a hard time connecting
with the name nacho
I think it's a cute name but I just I
can't seem to feel like it's his name I
don't know I like I said I am kind of
thinking of either a second name or
changing his name so if you guys have
any suggestions let me know down in the
comments he's like oh hey I'm so glad
that he's hanging out with Billy and
then Billy has become really good
friends me so I can show you days Billy
he really likes Billy but I'll let you
know some might like really tough
possibilities a little bit later you
guys will have to also vote on them too
and let me know what your favorite one
is but he is filthy I think he really
likes some sleeping out in the pasture
area because he's used to that so I had
to clean him off yesterday - so off to
get them all clean to show everyone you
and how pretty you are all right we are
all ready to go Ollie's got his helmet
on I think I gotta tighten this up a
little bit but it's the first time
you're wearing it do you like it yeah so
cute
I just got nacho
saddled up I'm hoping I did good he was
very patient with me huh I think I'm
just gonna have to tighten up one more
time taking the boys he's doing so good
I feel so comfortable on him and I feel
totally comfortable putting like my
friends and family on him my aunt is
actually riding him right now and I
think she's gonna get him up to I'm
hoping I think I haven't done that yet
but I think I'll get it I'll do it today
because my mom she's gonna give him a
little ride her fear a little too short
so she can't get steady he probably
won't get much more than a walk cuz yeah
she's not bad and she's not like it but
she Lee's gets the right of heart it's
been like years and she's rode a horse
little try to and now we're having a
little picnic huh how cute is this
there's sandwiches and got all kinds of
snacks watching nacho huh
all right dad's turn giving them a try
so yeah I noticed when I sucked my
reason you thought it's time to rock and
roll
your feet are still Mama's just leading
him around and he's been so good so
awesome he took everyone on the ride did
all kinds of cool stuff with them it was
so great so proud of my horse what do
you say
so I am back home I'm actually working
on dishes right now the house was kind
of a mess boys are playing outside and I
said to say I had such a great time with
my horse I feel like I said this like
every day I'll probably head back
outside a little bit but my cousin's
coming by she also wants to see the
horse but I actually really want to get
Brian out there he's getting some work
done huh
oh hi did you have fun with our horse
yeah you had a good time oh yeah there's
still just so excited about their little
climber out there but yeah I'm so proud
of my boys they're actually doing really
good listening around the horse knowing
that they need to be careful but also
being very very comfortable they're
starting to like relax and they love
giving him treats and they know how to
do it properly so they won't get hurt
and I'm just it's been such a fun couple
days I'm still definitely on my little
horsey high right now Alexa tell me a
joke what kind of Medicine do which is
use on their wards I don't know I don't
know but it isn't working what are you
doing you just being the best little boy
ever the boys just got done doing some
quiet time they watched a movie what
movie did you watch Ollie Paddington
they've never watched it and they
watched the entire thing together on the
couch it was so cute ah
Luna's like I want to hold your hand I
Luna you want to hold their hand Oh
oh my gosh you guys I had to grab the
camera because did you think we just
found two of the cutest little baby
kittens and the kids are in love and I
have to say to them oh my gosh do they
play with the kitties already oh yeah so
where were they they were outside on the
driveway
that's just not a safe place for a kitty
is it boys oh look at them they're so
cute they're our friends oh oh that's so
cute are they friendly cats what oh we
should feed them food huh can you pedo
oh they're really sweet kitties huh they
are oh really so this one's gonna be
your kitty then only that one's yours
what should we name them boys that one
cutie
oh really cute
so yeah we found two little cats you
guys and we don't know what to do
they're super friendly oh look at that
one glad we brought them in because I
think it supposed to rain tonight and I
have a feeling this type of cat species
wouldn't do very well in the rain for
some reason I just feel like they
probably want it and do well yeah so
let's feed them you want to feed them
only okay let's go get him some food all
we have is dog food you think they'll
eat that oh really well what do you want
to feed him then some carrots maybe okay
well just start making peanut butter and
jellies for the cats then right no I
think we'll just give them like some
veggies and see if they nibble on it or
something kay or maybe like some cheese
all right the boys have decided we're
gonna give them milk and cheese right
all right let's go see let's go see if
they eat that good balance dude don't
spill that okay
these boys are gonna be just like their
mama always rescuing animals
we got some milk even hmm I don't think
so actually
Oh dipping it in the milk maybe fan
yourself buddy what do you guys think
let us know down below in the comments
or in the iCard poll should we keep
these cats that we just wrote I mean I
think they seem like they would be a
good fit for our home maybe yeah maybe
they can be huh yeah this one just wants
to be petted play with step maybe yeah
hmm I have a feeling they just like to
sit though and be petted it must be this
type of breed of cat you know
all right we're bringing these kiddies
to bed huh oh man you got your kitty
all right Finn's got his little kitty
cat oh I don't know if you guys can hear
but Minnie is purring she obviously
likes being carried like this all right
Ali is gonna be the veterinarian tonight
and he's gonna perform a little routine
check up on the kitties right okay
you're gonna check their hearts yeah put
that under your chin there you go
here this goes in your ear so you can
hear all right she's laying down check
her heart right there you hear lots of
purring yep yep is it good okay what
else should we do to the kitties check
their blood pressure yeah all right
there you go it's so cute
all he loves animals he's just like his
mama
all right we're checking her blood
pressure what's it say 50 pounds all
right
this cat has 50 pounds a blood pressure
Oh check their ears
check those kitty ears what about this
one
here check Minnie's gears how do they
look do their ears look good ollie yep
so they got a clean bill of health
what else you got in that bag of yours
Oh a flashlight so we could check them
huh open up look in their mouth go okay
let's put the band-aid on Oh
she's feeling much better huh
Oh at least they have each other huh
Polly fix the kitty they're all better
now so yeah we are gonna put these kids
to bed hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
big thumbs up thumbs up or how about a
paws up how about a paws up guys
thanks for watching we'll see you manana
boys you wanna say bye boo
okay pin say bye are you only a boob on
that one alright say bye
