yeah all he's got him get him get him
get him good morning guys this morning
we are up early and we are getting
prepared to go on a boat no not about
how about you going on about dude should
we should film a music video while we're
on them on the pontoon yeah no it's not
like and we just write a song quickly
and produce it and then we'll just
filming this video on the pontoon boat
good you can do that oh yeah we've done
that before
fresh snips and a full tank of gas
download link down below description if
you don't have it yet good morning ollie
you ready for the beach yeah you're
looking so cool look at you got your
swim trunks and your swim shirt matching
that's pretty awesome
yes oh he's the lobster this is Lobster
Ellen is it cook
oh that's lots of - oh you're both
lobsters bean oh they grow up so fast
give your brother a kiss give your
brother a kiss yes like Ellie said
yesterday I don't know if you caught it
but we are going on a boat like the
Kardashians we're gonna spend all day on
the boat I'm actually making sandwiches
right now we heat it up Katie's meat
just to be safe right yeah I'm gonna
make a bunch of sandwiches we're getting
all packed up we are so excited we're
gonna be on a pontoon boat all day yay
Ali are you sharing which one you're
gonna give to her so you have a shovel a
bowl and a lighter Wow perfect for a
two-year-old Valerie he's very excited
because we're gonna do something fun
tonight on the boat we're bringing a
lighter with us and he thinks we're
gonna sing happy birthday to him but
it's not your birthday buddy
yeah he just handed to me as a happy
birthday to you so did you share your
toys with Gaines Wow okay
under a choice - she has a toy to play
with which means ah it lights up you're
right which one you gonna give her the
ball key hand it to her
there you go games yeah she's gonna look
she doesn't even want it thank you
she's like I have a Batman and a gummy I
did not need that I have it all we can
have it well you're such a good sharer
Oliver James yeah
yep she's your better half isn't she
come on Ollie whoa
climb aboard hey let me take this from
him yeah I got it
hi girlfriend I'll read that again I
never tell him to say that you got all
the goods did ya and away we go let's do
this we're on a pontoon boat right now
and I am so Steve excited this thing is
gonna be a blast you got a nice little
covered area over here everyone's all
safe and secure we got the captain here
captain Krunk captain Krunk
captain Krunk in the hizzy you guys this
is so dope we're gonna have a blast
Ollie you're on a boat dude you may be
ready for a nap I know she's looking
like Fiat two for the heads down and
just go for it I will on the first one
I'm good Hey we're on a boat Jake in the
pirate oh yeah like Jake and neverland
pirates huh let's go look for some
treasure huh
you
all right we can all sunscreened up and
we are now stopped on the pontoon we are
at that area that we went to last year
where Gaines and Ollie actually kissed I
haven't seen that vlog go back and watch
it cuz most hilarious just like a little
Bachelorette
we are stocking the pontoon I think
we're gonna jump in the water now and
enjoy it
friggin beautiful out here Holly what
are you doing you playing with some toys
alright we're on the end of the pontoon
we're gonna jump in the water okay
Holly's a little scared why are you
scared you jump in the pool all the time
yeah this is this is the pool they're
gonna swim at the pool let's jump okay I
should be at hi Holly
why'd you do that you push me in you
want to jump in come on in I'll catch up
three two one jump
all right we're back on the boats and we
are eating lunch it's lunchtime I mean
it's all sandwiches yeah we are eating
sandwiches and this is actually pretty
hilarious Finn's just sitting on the
floor of the boat huh hey did you want
them you have some cheese
oh yeah that's how real sailor does it
huh
he's so happy to sit down I eaten food
all are you happy yeah you've got chips
i'm cristobal and we are feeling up
before we head out again I'm super
bummed that Ellie and Jared and the kids
decided not to go today we had the boat
trip planned for a while but Jackson and
Calvin I guess we're just not having a
good morning maybe they're not feeling
well she says that if they take a nap
maybe they'll come out maybe we always
see him later out here just they will
love this fun oh you you driving the
boat with Gaines yeah oh you guys are so
cute just don't crash us okay all right
we have walked over to this little beach
that's over here that's only about 20 or
30 feet away see there's our boat right
there only look at their species right
there
only their species in the water catch
them catch the fishies you see up
you
so there's a ton of water that's trapped
in this little area over here they call
it the kiddie pool so all the kiddies
are hanging out in it is so cool huh
shellene bears were here I know look at
fit he's about to crawl in there hmm
what is that oh my goodness
whoo go that's sad yeah the sand is
amazing and all he is enjoying himself
so much I'm so surprised at how much
he's enjoying himself honestly
we're going star Claire look at my boy
he's worse we're cookie
you ready Olly
try to catch little fish out here
look I got one ollie
see Ollie yeah hold it look at him go
damn he is a pretty one not cool let's
put a Becket back cool Brian the fish
catcher no but in all honesty that's
something like 20 minutes and if I was
trying to see I'd probably stopped it
out hi ollie did you have fun on the
boat today yeah yeah and what do we do
we caught a pufferfish you guys go check
it out of Ellie and Jared's vlog it was
amazing I got a big old crab we got a
pufferfish we had so much fun huh yeah
we saw lots of baby fishies now we're
playing with superheroes Batman
spider-man and who's this no who's this
Superman good job
he knows his superheroes you guys I did
not teach him this he just knows it's
pretty amazing
hey ollie which one is your absolute
favorite Superman yeah he's pretty cool
oh that one's your favorite - Batman
yeah and spider-man - that one's your
favorite yeah America and Captain
America he has lots of favorite
superheroes uh his vets today said I'm
Captain America uh-huh hey buddy your
foot on the boats yeah
we're all here cleaned up and relaxed
just ate dinner but we had a blast on
the boat today it's lots of fun huh
Holly yeah yeah all right these boys are
getting ready for a 9:00 night Holly
what are you doing laughs so hard baby
booty booty but I think tickling you all
right it is officially time for
night-night ha buddy
are you tired getting ready for bed he
thinks it's so funny yeah all he's got
him get him get him
oh you silly boys all right guys that's
all for today's vlog thanks for watching
be sure to give a thumbs up and
subscribe what do we say
up inside
this is hard
in the
so good caucus
can't see it
I am home
