hey what's in your mouth cookie is that
a secret cookie daddy gave you you want
more secret cookies Shh I suppose tell
mom about that good morning guys you're
home I know I'm about to walk in to see
Ali oh how you been buddy are you my
love baby I missed you could you follow
me me and papa your little brother's
back Ollie seventh in hunger miscue oh
my gosh look at you dude ah he's gonna
get me you riding a bike you crazy kid
have you been having so much fun with
Mimi and Papa what'd you do what'd you
see you saw an alligator with Mimi and
Papa whoa you hunted baby alligators and
you wrote on one whoa it's kind of cool
and now you're practicing your tricycle
you got to put your feet on the pedal to
move it huh see it's kind of cool feels
so good to be home you guys I just
brought everything in from the car so
we'll probably be unpacking for the next
three weeks kind of how it goes we live
out of our suitcase for a while I lost
my voice completely and they've gone
that's kind of lame but now we get to
just relax be a happy family and play it
is so nice to be home we are so donked
from VidCon and we're happy
yes I know boy what am I saying that
- clintus was it clintus yeah it was
kind of it no they said it was before I
guess Sly Fox there's a lot he must what
and he's like yeah - got a bike home
cousin is gracious he's so hyper but
anyways yeah we just been like hanging
out on the couch I actually got to catch
up on all the vogs I haven't be able to
watch anything because we were just so
busy and stuff but we put the shades
down and we've just been chillin on the
couch I'm not sure what we're gonna do
for dinner because cooking does not
sound fun I don't know what it is but
after these conventions I feel like it
takes like days to actually like recoup
recuperate but anyways we're trying
we're gonna get there and this kid is so
happy to be home - because the one of
the hardest things about VidCon with a
baby is you can't put him down
the only time you can be put down is
like in the hotel room and even that is
like you hate to do it but if he can't
be down in the hotel room he can't be
down at all he just hits hell a lot and
so he doesn't get to let it go play go
wander and so he's been home and he's in
literally wandering this house playing
with toys looking at everything he's
been a happy happy kid so we are super
happy to be home but unfortunately they
get some bad news
the chicks have been constantly watched
I check on them constantly but when I'm
not here there's always someone here
whether it was my cousins that came over
to watch the chickens or my parents were
always here we even had a camera on them
that we can all watch them 24/7 but one
of the chickens often kind of looked
like they weren't quite as energetic as
the other chickens or as I don't know
had as much energy as the other chickens
so now we're down to four right down the
four if you can't tell Gaby the black
silkie she actually passed away
yesterday
so sad we're so sad you just won I know
we love like we literally love these
chickens so much but she was always
sleeping when the other ones were
running around eat yeah she wouldn't eat
very much we looking scriber late
yeah and honestly like it's normal and
that's the Bauer part but they do say
like if you want a certain amount of
chickens get more than that because
sometimes they don't just all they just
all don't make it usually they're all
just not always healthy sometimes they
just die yeah and so there are another I
honestly have no idea there's no reason
why she would have had any issues other
than she just wasn't as healthy of a
chicken as the other so the others seem
really really happy and really they seem
like they're doing good I'm crazy to
coming back and see know if they've
gotten in just four or five days yeah
it's just been a couple days Lachlan and
Gabi just wasn't getting big it wasn't
she wasn't flourishing you know no she
definitely just never looked healthy she
never looked well so we're really gone
though cuz we loved Gabi like she was
just oozes beautiful honestly and I will
probably look for another black silky
yes we will probably replace her Allah
oh we can finally iconic three yes
I gotta replenish their food and kind of
clean it out a little bit right now but
they are all doing really really well
I think it's actually pretty amazing to
that she got that far yeah for sure but
it is what it is Oh yep they got poop
when there we gotta clean out through
their little pen and yes they have
almost eaten other foods we get it fill
it up and we gotta give him some love
Kay oh my gosh look how big brie is I'm
so crazy how much they're growing out
bastards I know you want to pet it he's
okay he could see it freeze my baby yes
but I was doing well yep she's a happy
little chick me yeah those big old feet
and this is Susan hi Susan doing pretty
good
big old feet on that one too yeah yeah
big huh and Lynette is ginormous my god
but face excellence one they said
there's a very very high chances as a a
normal head yeah so crazy like um if
that's as easy as and she is probably
sure I hope it's not least she's a good
little tip so she's awesome mm-hmm
that is Nikki she's totally chill yeah
she's not afraid she's like okay I love
like taking up their feathers she's
gonna be black and white yeah she's
already turning white really agree
together yeah so before we went to
VidCon I actually ordered something
really neat that I was really excited to
try out and now that we're home the
package has arrived and I'm checking it
out and I want to show you guys a little
bit because it's actually super
interesting just a disclaimer - they did
not pay me to say any of this is it's
not a brand or anything like that this
is truly something that I'm just
genuinely interested in so this is by a
company called braggy
or braggy or bra jury I don't know that
it's called the - and there are truly
wireless smart earphones
this is what they look like they're
these little earphones that are
completely wireless they have this
really cool little charging case that
you can keep them in and that's all it
is it's just these two little earphones
these two little things so these are
actually headphones that will wirelessly
connect to my iPhone so that I can hear
music so it's really exciting about
these is it's a brand new product
category for technology right now so
these don't exist in a whole lot of
places there's only a couple of
you factures who are doing it and only a
couple who are really doing it right but
these are probably the best ones out
there right now it's actually been said
that Apple is going to be releasing
their own pair of wireless earbuds later
this year which I'm sure will dominate
these and anything else has ever been so
I kind of was just interested in like
would this be something I use and yes I
would totally use this so it goes into
my ear and you put the little nozzle in
there and then you twist and then you do
the same with this one they fit the same
way my inners do when I want to prefer
music live on stage we're in here so I
can hear everything these kind of fit
the same way and actually cool if you
get to a point for this technology where
people are actually doing custom molding
to their ears to make sure these fits
right I feel like this is gonna be like
a super personal kind of tech device
that people are going to start wearing
within the next two or three years I
think it's really cool kind of reminds
me of the movie her or she I don't
remember but it was a really cool movie
but there it is in my ear you guys have
headphones on so it has this cool little
app that you can actually customize all
the different actions like you can
accept a call by going like this or
rejecting it like this and you can set
all the different sound things so you
can even turn on audio transparency so
now as I'm listening to myself I can
hear myself because it has a microphone
that uses it for noise cancelling and
it's taking all the noise that hears and
it's putting it in here so now I can
hear myself really well too so when I
pause music and people are talking to me
I can hear them so which is really neat
you guys so let's listen to a little bit
of music and see what happens
here we got some ariana grande and it's
bumping it's really I'm actually was
like not expecting much from these
because I heard that they just weren't
that great in sound quality could
probably be better it's probably
something Apple is going to do but I can
hear the music really well no wires
which is really cool and I can even lock
my phone and a problem with the
connection with
my pockets are back pocket still wine
this is really cool
see how wireless earbuds you guys this
is definitely the future this is really
cool I feel like I'm in the future right
now and I thought I'd just share that
with you cuz I was really excited about
this product and I know the last time I
showed off the new camera you guys
actually really liked it when I talked
about tech stuff so I don't know if I'll
start my own channel cuz I don't know if
have enough content to do just a tech
channel but like showing its you guys on
a daily blog what do you guys think
would you wear these let me know in the
comments below if you would wear these
Wireless here ear pods and what you
think they're gonna be for the future to
kind of just cut my wife taking a selfie
with your sexy selfie thanks by the way
I got these big seeds this summer from
Redmond I've been wearing them like all
summer everyone's been asking what they
are asking so yeah they're rats swim
yeah well it helps that the girl in them
is super cute too
no saying you know I'm saying alright
we're gonna hop in the pool tire that
kid out tire about kissing her bed but
we can just sit on the couch and watch
Big Brother bed yo we got a bunch Big
Brother you know john lander like be
mindless hey what's in your mouth cookie
is that a secret cookie daddy gave you
you want more secret cookies Shh you're
not supposed tell mama about that okay
let's go something call go race you
there hey guard
hey guys came up for breath oh god a
good job so many leaves in the pool for
some reason big ol breeze must have come
by some like slowly picking them all up
with my toes you come to this very
bigger bigger hey good job guys oh
here's your bottom okay you guys do more
than one stroke
we kids again hey ready big big arms k
go big arms
good job here we go good job good job
ah you're gonna be in the Olympics one
day huh
bigger and go out of the light there you
go there you go bigger yeah becoming
such a good swimmer you're next you're
next
okay it'd be fin if you don't swim no go
swim like you got fins Oh feel so good
out I know you guys the Sun is like
slowly setting so it's like we've got
this nice golden light feels so good out
here the pond feels so good this is what
being home feels like so we actually
ended up ordering pizza and we're eating
it out on the back patio on the dining
table and it feels so amazing out here
I'm so hungry
we're eating so good huh you did go
swimming huh yeah is it fun oh the robot
cleaned up the robot cleaned up the pool
yeah robots cool yeah he wants to pet
the robot Pizza is very good I actually
got some wings it's good not having to
worry about cooking food yeah you are
huh
show me your pizza whoa got beats in
this end pizza in that hand
Thank You Finn likes pizza too goodness
this boy was hungry yeah you do
alright so it is trash night and I got
that attachment for the Polaris that
holds the trash cans so I'm gonna load
them up now and see if it actually works
okay what might work so the handle just
clips right on there and then you can
try the Polaris with it down to the
street
it works so that's cool
made happy happy alright guys we are
getting all ready for bed we got our
jammies on and then I tell you this the
Wiggly us square meais baby ever kind of
tries to be crazy sometimes yeah I think
he's happy to be home I think he's happy
to be in his room and being able to just
like be free and stuff yeah I think he
sleeps a lot better when he's home and
his own crib and to nice but anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video
we're gonna go ahead and the vlog put
these kids to bed and maybe watch some
big brother you guys in the big brother
I love big brother started like a few
days ago and we haven't watched any
episodes so I'm excited to catch up give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
Finn can you say bye bye can you say bye
bye buh buh buh buh buh bye
this is home
look so good on your time
I'd say yeah
I am home
Oh
