okay so you want me to hide yeah all
right close your eyes it's our County
and count
just caught all we doing this right now
see what he's doing oh there's a snail
you got it
let me see oh my gosh that's a big one
huh no it's dead
no it's not dead he's just hiding in
there he might wake up yeah good morning
guys it's another hot beautiful day here
in sunny Southern California oh he is
waking up a little bit huh oh my gosh
look at that
he's coming out to say hello say hi yeah
set him there and he'll wake up kid is
obsessed with snails and lizards and
snakes and anything else he can find on
this property you guys so funny hey you
want to hang out on the hammock can you
climb up there on your own
climb up oh my gosh you can you want me
to lay with you on the hammock
oh come here dude yeah oh yeah say this
is the life you want to go where stop
he's still talking about going somewhere
so whatever he's saying where do you
want to go ah okay well we're gonna go
there today okay okay Oh looks like
karma got to him hey go karma yeah today
we are actually getting already impact
for our trip we're so excited
we're actually taking a red-eye tonight
so we won't even be there today we'll be
there in the morning um but we decided
to get a red-eye because we thought it'd
be really cool to have the kids sleep on
the way and red eyes are always nice
because the airports are a little less
crazy so we're gonna try that this time
may be a complete failure I don't know
but we'll see good morning guys
I have been cleaning and packing and
clean
like crazy and always begging me to do
what okay hide-and-seek so we are gonna
play some hide-and-seek right now
because I need a break and he needs his
mama so we're gonna do that right now
okay okay but you can't tell me where
you're gonna hide all right hey I'm Han
I'm gonna count okay and then you can
hide and then I'll go find you Kay okay
hang on let me find a place to count so
I don't see you all right ready go 1 2 3
4 5 6 you hiding run and go hide 7 8 9
10 ready now here they come
I only care here let me explain the gave
you when I count
you're gonna go hide now running - mama
so I cannot see you okay okay okay
are you gonna hide yeah you know you're
gonna go ready go 1 2 3 4 all right 6 on
it 8 9 10 ready or not here I come
he does not get the point hey ready 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 ready or not here I
come oh I can clearly see you right
there you do not understand this game do
you usually mommy helps them hide
alright let's try one more time go 1 2 3
go hi hi - I can't see you 4 5 6
run run run I run so I can't see you 7 8
9 10 ready or not here I come I better
not be able to see you are you hitting
ah oh my gosh I don't see you anywhere
you are so silly
okay you want mama to hide okay Mama's
gonna hide this time close your eyes and
count okay okay you got put these down
okay you guys cover your eyes and count
to ten and I'm gonna hide don't look
anywhere
ready start counting count 1 1 2 1 9 1 9
k 9 1 9
yeah it again yeah okay yeah got you and
you've got me okay so you want me to
hide it yeah all right close your eyes
and start counting and count all right
that wasn't super fun and successful hi
dancing don't you say don't you think
yeah fell asleep I think we're gonna
continue to play hide and seek I'm gonna
show him some really good hiding place
it so that you know where to hide next
time Kay Kay okay finally getting all
dressed and ready for the day and I put
on the shirt and I was like oh this
shirts a little different than the ones
I usually get I don't think I've worn
this one yet but I put it on and let me
show you looks like one of my normal
shirts yeah but look how low it goes it
goes almost yeah it's so freakin long I
do like my shirts longer than usual
lately but this one is rude Oh
everyone's gonna make fun of me look
like I have a butt flop but whatever I'm
gonna Rocky today anyway all right the
family is here look at this beautiful
watermelon did you hit it you hit it
right got a thump it you want to see
they brought over lunch today from
Dickey's Barbecue Pit who rolls
Oh is up risking a chopped beef brisket
oh yes and pulled pork oh my goodness
Missy this might be our new favorite
place we've never eaten at Dickey's
before yeah that's cool think that slice
beef brisket what did you see that Missy
it's just a thing a steak that's awesome
we're gonna grub on some lunch today
whole family's over you got barbecue
sauce two boards that look real whoa
oh so heavy because they're real board
all right so today we're having a family
get-together and it will be our last
family get-together where we are all
here for the sum of the last day for the
summer
Jimmy is officially heading off he's
actually moving for the summer to
Chicago so this is it and we're headed
off on our little trip so we're not
going to see him and Cassie it's headed
off to college she is gonna be close and
around but you know probably not around
as much he's moving away too he moves
out in just a couple days so this is
really crazy that this like the last day
that we're all gonna be together so
we're gonna have some fun huh for the
summer and here knows you never know
with us we like to get together gonna
enjoy it right gonna have a nice fun but
family barbecue you get swim to with
them
well I'm finally getting around to
packing my suitcase I think the driver
is going to be here in like three hours
and I've just now started and Missy says
that this is my suitcase this little
tiny little baby unicorn suitcase
I suppose fit all of my clothes in this
one little suitcase
that's his this is my son okay I know I
hope I know I'm not gonna need a whole
lot of clothes I just I always overpack
too especially on this trip this is
gonna be challenging to fit everything
in there so guy just woke up from a very
good nap huh did you have a good nap now
you want a cookie let's go good cookie
he woke up and had a very good mood so I
think we need a cookie to help um yeah
we cookie look everyone's here everyone
your lover's here wha
sit right there how's that good okay do
you want to go cuddle with Mama
okay go cuddle with Mama go go go go go
see she's right there we go
he woke up kind of grumpy nearly done
packing yeah it's happening and I'm
actually not going to take my computer
on the plane with me so I'm gonna pack
that bad boy got all my GoPro stuff cuz
you know we gonna be getting some good
footage wherever we're going
you guys don't know you think you know
you think you know but you have no idea
just kidding you probably know uh yeah
suitcases are packed I think the kids
suitcases are packed as well
Oh Ali's suitcase is packed and his room
is clean hmm Missy does this thing that
when we go on vacation she cleans every
single room make sure all the laundry's
done look at even the laundry room looks
good dang
she's so productive and amazing there's
a suitcase all ready to go
Missy's filling out this month's
calendar which is pretty exciting
there's already a pretty cool event on
there yeah that's interesting tip de
Vecchi Casa cooks summer vacay yeah yeah
interesting interesting
yep I'm filling it all out I gotta get
big on you we got VidCon what else we
got going on this month yeah this could
be a fun summer isn't it Feeny we can
have a bud something is it 21st when
summer starts 21st hey we gotta put that
I don't know if I touch that no it's
cool I always had to work with three
colors aunt only have blue gray and
black
why not green oh and green but I don't
have any so what do you think if I don't
have yellow for the Sun oh we're gonna
have to go with a red yeah go with red
you're so cute it feels so good out here
looks like auntie and Ally are on the
Polaris Jimmy's right in the new ATV
like a boss it actually got karma and
the Polaris 2 is all in there oh yeah
there is oh hey
Karma's in here what are you doing buddy
I'll write it on the Polaris with aunty
you got Dino eggs oh my gosh that is a
dino egg and another Dino egg dang dude
catching all the cool stuff huh alright
you guys if you do not know today is a
monumental day because it is the last
day that we are all going to be together
as a family for this hour ever forever
everyone's going their separate ways
we're going on we're going on our summer
vacay Jimmy's actually going to Chicago
for a internship cassie is going off to
college and becoming an adult which is
strange and weird yeah so this is the
last day that we're gonna be all
together for the summer but we had a fun
day hanging out together and Jimmy we
wish you the best of luck uncle's gonna
give us an excuse to go to Chicago so
you've never been yeah person that'd be
fun huh yeah if you guys see him roaming
the streets of Chicago just Rob to him
give him a big hug I'm sure he'd
appreciate that right Jimmy but anyway
that's all for today's vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it tomorrow you will see us
somewhere fun and warm but we will see
you manana oli what do we say bye
this is her
in the
look so good on you talking
can't see it
I am
and
