Wow let's walk let's walk let's work
let's walk let's walk let's walk let's
walk let's walk let's walk good morning
daily bumps ladies how my desperate
house chicks doing you seem to be doing
pretty well Missy just cleaned out their
water and food and they're happy and
healthy and look at them just having fun
sometimes I wish their little pending
was inside so that we could like take
them out more and interact with them and
stuff I have heard of people keeping
them in like their bathtubs yeah that
would be cute but they're gonna be in
here for quite a while
so they got to grow up first gotta give
him what for rude alright you ladies
don't get into any trouble got that
secured yeah all right we're still
keeping an eye on them too with our nest
cam good morning guys we are out of the
house today and guess what it is the
first day of summer what it is yes today
we're all wearing tank tops stuff oh
yeah it's all though yesterday was
probably the hottest day ever in history
and like the history of ever I've used
too hot to even swim honestly but
today's not going to be as hot but it's
definitely the first day of summer and
we're already out of the house because
the kids have had just this weird COFF
and like this Flemmi chest for like ever
now I swear it's been like at least a
month and so I was like you know let's
just take them in have them check them
to make sure everything's good enough
they need something just to get them
over the rest of this illness whatever
it is we can do that so we're headed
into the doctors right now
oli all the time you fall and you say I
need go doctor
are you ready to go the doctor no all of
a sudden he doesn't want to go a doctor
but the doctor is fun then you get a
prize if you're good kay look at my cool
little summer dude you guys here
sunglasses even Matt you take top buddy
okay let's go we're going to the
doctor's yep only what book did you pick
doc McStuffins
Doc's knows knows we're gonna read this
book okay you try and read it oh that
isn't Dino huh seventeen pounds getting
big ollie Finn does not like this tissue
stuff they put on the table apparently
he's just ripping it up well maybe Jodi
very much it's tough battle he's trying
to feel like trying to get away from the
madness oh no no he's right this is what
happens when you bring two siblings to a
doctor's appointment the same time hey
don't lose your sunglasses dude can you
go put them on your shirt like that can
you put them on your shirt like that it
does
I must I'm what dick yeah job high five
buddy mmm so the boys don't have any
fevers so I think the doctors just gonna
listen to them and see what's going on
no they're not like that's just
everyone's gone I'm like a child
yeah
all right let's sit down buddy what's
done here said anybody we carefully wait
what you get paw patrol sticker cool
turns out all he has is a little ear
infection so we're gonna get some stuff
for that could be why it's like kind of
causing like drainage and coffee and
green boogers you wanna put it on okay
all right let's put this on where do you
want it right there
cool
you got a sucker and a paw patrol
sticker yeah I guess could say today's a
pretty good day huh and for Finn what
did she say he's just teething
that's teething yeah she's pretty sure
it's just kind of causing like that
runny nose was in Jake's back and then
he coughs and he coughed it up and
that's good so he's good quick and easy
doctor's appointment now I think we're
gonna go get some lunch and then take
this kid to go get a haircut we are now
headed in to lunch and all he's bringing
captain what's he doing he's flying whoa
that's cool I'm so excited to even see
him so hungry
all right we cease now making a quick
trip into Costco
she's been craving their muffins and I
think she wants to take him to VidCon so
she's getting a bunch of those and then
we're actually going to get all his hair
cut today when he's sorry I actually had
an appointment to get my hair cut today
but I realize I made it way too soon
when I was actually still really nice
yeah so we're actually gonna get Ally's
haircut with my appointment and he's
never been there and I think he's gonna
do a lot better
hopefully he does because this is the
regular guy who's been cutting my hair
for over two years
and so hopefully you're good be good
okay okay he's gonna do a good job we're
gonna make him look really cool all
right Ollie it's big boy haircut time
Kay okay
this is Travis Travis has been cutting
my hair for like two years now so I
trust you man you're gonna give him a
cool haircut
you
holy cow this kid did so good I cannot
believe that probably the best haircut
he's ever had and look how slick he
looks
can I see your hair cut oli Wow
I love it dude good job man
thank you right yeah you whip that out
fast
all right final shot of his hair ollie
can you spin for me do a little spin oh
my gosh I love your hair yes your hands
are dirty keep in touch in the car I see
do you like your haircut ollie yeah
say thank you Travis he did a good job
huh
alright let's head home kay I know I see
your dirty hands they're gross
90s shower alright Michelle's over and
check out what she did she put my steps
back they look so good long hair for
VidCon I look good I don't know how long
I'll keep them in I might keep this in
for like a few weeks and then take them
out I really do enjoy like how they look
they are just a lot of work and they
make your head a little sore you can't
like scrub your head you're like look
okay yeah good no pink
come here Finn come here come here big
guy
come here big guy you're such a good
crawler oh hey what are you doing I what
I know you're ollie all these like I had
to come protect my data cuz the fin is
coming to a Tucker - yeah good morning
it's not morning time it's bedtime
oh yeah what are you wearing let me see
what's all over you die yes die that's
ours and you got your gun are you
fighting dinosaurs off the bad Dino Zoff
yeah fighting the bad Dino Zoff huh then
when are you gonna stop crawling and
start walking we're gonna do some
practice walking with Finn you ready
yeah okay right and walk let's walk
let's walk let's walk let's walk let's
walk let's walk let's walk let's walk
let's walk can you stand up on your own
one two yep decides by okay ready MA
mrs. Phelan again we're gonna walk he
was walking and I was like holding
anything he's like my brother crawl I
don't really get it calling yeah it is
night
I'm say bye-bye son but your hand what
your hand oh my got you move your hand
buddy oli move your head there you go
silly kid nighttime yep
oli say night-night fan cooking the kiss
get my kiss hey night buddy
did it tell get in your face yeah
shut your door come over here good job
buddy look at that salt lamp you want to
lick it okay give it a lick
oh you can't lick you got to get your
stool it's got a stool it's time source
tool what does it taste like
oh hey egg pool tastes like Dino poop
whoa look at this low light performance
in this camera this is amazing I was
never able to vlog in Ali's room with
just a lamp on with the other camera
this one you can actually see us all
right Olli I think it's that time K okay
Missy and I are actually all dressed up
we're going to dinner and a movie
without any kids I'm freaking out this
hasn't happened since February you guys
Finn was so little and even then it was
a nightmare but now Finn's sleeping
through the night so she's putting Finn
to bed and Mimi's coming over to watch
you okay
she may actually go in the hot tub with
yeah that'd be fun right yeah yeah you
need to hang out with me tonight
- I yeah oh maybe it broke Oh she'll
read your book so I'm really excited to
hang out with Missy and get some us time
that's very important but anyway I'm
gonna go end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up yeah you won't do a
thumb one oh the gun wins thank you guys
so much for watching click that thumbs
up button check out those links down
below in the description we will see you
manana
Hollywood he say
this is home in the fear
never look so good Hornets
I'd say yeah
I'm home
hey love you yeah
