and just so you know we have exactly
three lightsabers get it get it
say good morning morning hoverboard
rides with daddies I leave you love
riding the hoverboard in the morning
you want to ride in the playroom alright
you stay here and watch your movie ok
thanks for riding with me did you have
fun cool pound it good morning guys it's
a beautiful day neighborhood
it's actually a beautiful day here in
sunny Southern California
how's it going guys it's a Saturday but
for you guys it's Father's Day so happy
Father's Day to all you dads out there
today we're actually gonna have a friend
of mine come hang out at the house and
I'm really excited because normally he's
not here in California but he just so
happens to be visiting so I was like
dude you got to come got it all that
light I'm by the way hold that amazing
natural youtube quality light check that
out right there nice let's go see what
the bay and the bay bay are up to good
morning
how my BAE and baby doing no muffin
promise killer comes karma you eaten all
the crumbs keeping it nice and clean and
fresh I don't think what can i muffin
does that Papa see poppy seed I never
understood that flavor poppy seed is not
a flavor that's so weird it's very
interesting good morning Vinnie
good morning Vinnie then this morning
ate bell peppers pancakes and
blueberries
data fed him weird combination of things
hi ollie good morning guys I have just
been up cleaning making the bed we have
some guests coming over today which
we're really excited about and you know
I thought I would adjust this now don't
forget so many questions and this is the
question ready why is our TV on this
wall and right now it's actually
sticking out let me push it back so it's
kind of a funny story first of all Brian
ordered way too big of a TV on accident
I know you're thinking how do you
accidentally order a big TV I don't know
how you do it but I was like Brian I
think that is great too big for our room
the problem is is that if you look
around our room there really is nowhere
for the TV to go except for maybe this
wall and so as you can see right here we
actually did try it and you probably saw
it in a couple of the vlogs it was kind
of sticking right here but I hated it I
just thought as soon as you walk in the
room you just see this ginormous TV I
just didn't like it I just didn't want
that to be like the focal point of our
room and we honestly rarely do watch TV
in our room but when we do we're usually
like cuddling and laying in bed so I was
like let's put it here
on this wall and it's got a thing that
pops it all the way out so we can look
at it so we can like cuddle in bed watch
TV or lay a certain way watch TV and
then we can push it right back up
against that wall so it's not like the
main look in the room I agree though it
is way too big even when it's there but
I do like it there I was really happy
once we put it there but yeah I get that
question all the time why is your TV
right there
that's why hey Ollie do you want me to
show you my surprise
I got you a little surprise you want to
go see so Finn is down for a nap if you
saw yesterday's ball you saw that me my
dad found a little frog well I just had
to find that frog or catch that frog and
bring it in to like keep it here for the
night so that I can show it to ollie
then we're gonna put it back into its
little pond but I just had to show all
like if you love stuff like this come
you're always this way come on all right
I just took out some of his water but
he's just hanging out in the little
aquarium we're gonna go put him back in
his pond and we're gonna go look at Mk
you like him yeah yeah yeah oh yeah he's
hanging out with all the dinos huh
all right let's catch him kay I'll I get
him know I ready gonna look there he is
yeah big boy huh yeah get him girlfriend
okay go froggy go should we go put him
in the pond I brought into the backyard
so we could look at him for a minute
before it ran away he did cute little
froggy huh hey get him huh
kitchen he's scared of him why you're
scared
yeah scared of froggies your momma get
him there you guys all right let's go
put him in the place and we'll take him
to the pond kay
you like him alright Mama's gonna get
some shoes on real quick okay watch him
so he doesn't get away k watch him good
I'm gonna go get my shoes on kay how's
he doing oh you put a toy he's such a
nice boy just trying to give him
something to do all right let's go put
him back gang come on I'll take you into
the Polaris hey we're going on buddy hey
we're gonna drop them off right in here
make sure there's nothing bad around
here there you go there you go look at
him he's headed home yeah he's gonna
going the pun say bye bye bye bye bye
bye
ours are chickies doing you guys look
happy cute how my ladies doing we
huddling up in the corner by the lamp
they definitely love this spot are you
getting a drink on
I love Brie she's my favorite and look
what we just put in you guys you got a
little nest cam right there so we can
actually watch them from inside the
house and that's so cool this it's like
our own little 24-hour chicken camp it's
gonna be cool cuz sometimes I just like
run out here randomly and I'm like I
just want to check on them make sure
they're okay David at night I'm like
public we do that so should you going up
there and check on those yeah be nice we
just look at the cam and just see that
they're okay they did good during my
first night though yep they all seemed
to be happy and healthy they're all
eating and drinking which is good
what is mama doing over here ollie Oh
doing arts and crafts arts and crafts
yeah wait so what did we just make I
told let's make him a necklace that is
so cool Ollie we cut it and then we
added all these little beads to it yay
let's put it on your head we go oh that
fits good holy I love your necklace you
like it
look at all these cool things you can do
crafts with actually this is a lot of
stuff way it comes with like scissors
and then like big old needles with like
tons of thread yeah got these little
things that's so cool so you don't see
make him a dinosaur and I'm like I'm not
that good
oh no look what the cat dragged in
hi dude what's up man little Zelda hug I
click this in the building Oh oh wow I
asked he has to what could I bring I
said just like two avocados avocados for
days hey how are you welcome you guys
ready to have some fun yeah clintus fam
all right ollie what's going on is he
fixing you were you broken oh I go find
that little drone he fixed you yay and
just so you know we have exactly three
lightsabers so light saber battle right
here or you can be kylo Ren here Sierra
you can be Rey ha ha go for it but be
careful cuz Ollie is very brutal
get him Ollie get him oh that's so cool
get it get it oh it's awesome I love an
older kids come and visit because they
just play with Ollie all the time so
much fun I got everything prepared for
lobster mac and cheese you guys I got
four kinds of cheese got the green beans
all marinated clintus just whipped up
some look walk
all day that looks good thanks for
bringing avocados me the best salutely
and then oh we have revised ready to
throw on the grill I'm very excited
about that
it is now swing time Olli I got you a
couple surprises look at this we got a
giant watermelon
Oh water hamster wheel and that's gonna
be a pizza you want to go swim in with
all these yeah let's do it we got to
blow him up first okay
all right we brought a couple of the
chicks and because they needed some love
we got Bri here and Lynette and Sierra
who do you have Edie Britt right here oh
good
that's a silky so they're actually super
friendly like they'll sit down and watch
a movie with you like in your lap it's
really amazing just finished all of the
food and I'm so excited you guys we made
rib eyes on the grill and we did green
beans which are all seasoned up nice and
a lobster mac and cheese I used the
Pioneer Woman's recipe on the Food
Network and it looks amazing
lobster mac and cheese right there I'm
really excited we're gonna eat some food
with the clintus I am happy birthday
Payton you see the chickens aren't they
cute yeah see this one's fluffy and nice
Oh see pet him Oh
aren't they cute Liv
what okay I'll put it back in here there
we go alright we are now having some
Mario Kart playoff how's it going who's
winning
obviously you right
I'll leave they're playing Mario Kart
yeah and that cool Sly Fox Hannah just
came over and dropped off our new shirts
that we're gonna be selling exclusively
at VidCon check this out I'm so excited
for this you guys
it says wherever you are that's where I
want to be and it fills this little
house design which is so cool I just
love the white and black it's like super
simple really awesome shirts and we're
gonna have onesies I'm gonna have
toddler shirts and we're gonna have
normal shirts available all at VidCon
exclusive so if you guys are gonna be a
big con be sure you show up at the sly 5
star bud and get yourself less shirt I
want to take a selfie with a ton of you
guys wearing the white shirt I think
that would be awesome and we will be
there on Friday to do signings and
selfies and all of that baby that's what
only was Abed so fast he didn't get a
nap today on the pool word amount to I
love what they're tired today we got the
kids to bed clintus and the fam and just
the laughs but it was seriously so cool
getting to hang out with them if you
guys don't know they have a youtube
channel they actually blogged a bunch of
stuff that we need vlog today so if you
go check them out you probably go see
that video on their channel now I'll
barely down below in the description so
be sure you go show them some love and
subscribe to them we're actually gonna
catch up with them at VidCon too so
which is fast approaching but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog here
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and even where's my thumbs up
lady thumbs up thumbs up pipe you're
kind of blurry background she has no
idea anyway thanks for watching her
sleep in Jana bye
so good morning attack
I'm sayin
I am home
you
