what do you think of that Finney it's a
Vienna it's a baby right I'm gonna play
with that good morning guys
we are in our red white and blue because
today is Memorial Day we're headed to a
little memorial service with the kids
we've got Ollie and Finn yes and he's
really excited to go see army man
because I think they'll be people
dressed in our man suits ha ha right
Ellie is also currently fighting for a
freedom with a bus why yes exactly been
shooting all the aliens along the way
yeah so I'm excited today is gonna be a
really fun day we're gonna do a little
memorial service have some fun things
happening hey
all right you guys we are back from the
Memorial Day service had a blast and we
came home some things have wandered into
life oh they wandered in a laundered an
look us yeah it's our crazy friends from
the Pacific Northeast calcium causes
only say hi Kelsey Corbin
yeah we saw army man today so if you
guys don't know Kelsey and Corbin are
about to go on an adventure of a
lifetime and tour the entire country in
a band and we're like you guys have to
come to our house to hang out before you
go yeah so cousin Corbin are here we're
gonna have a blast we shop in the
pool yes dude knows how to cannonball
how's the water filled Corbin oh my gosh
it feels amazing it's warm so we've been
heating it because we knew they're
coming it's like 88 degrees you're not
an Alaska anymore dude look at you guys
are both so white Portlanders what are
going is look like yeah he actually
probably should put sunscreen on Kelsey
in Corbin have been traveling all day
and they needed food so I actually made
sloppy joes and normally I wouldn't be
allowed to make sloppy joes but calcined
Corbin like sloppy joes I was like yes I
get to make something I actually did
with the ground turkey and I have an
onion bun and I'm very hungry and
excited slop slop slop slop it up slop
slop slop slop it up mmm look at that
goodness
we've been having an amazing Memorial
Day so far just did a ton of riding on
the ATVs
in the Belarus we actually even found a
friendly little garter snake I snapped
about it a ton on my snapchat so if
you're not following me there you should
go check that out
look at him he's tired huh yeah Ali fell
asleep by the pool so we set him out
here in that cute
do you like its place that oh you can
climb all the way up look at you good
job girl go down pay whoa oh it's a big
fake leaf here it it's fake that's
interesting I thought I might go yeah
you do huh okay cool
flights like go go go hands in the air
why not throw some potato wedges in the
oven I got some chicken breasts I'm
going to grill tonight we're gonna have
grilled chicken sandwiches I got some
hot dogs for the kids we've been macking
on shrimp and fresh strawberries
lots of good eatin today I think Ross is
doing corn on the cob everyone is kind
of just chillin we've been in the Sun
all morning I think I got a little burnt
just a little bit all right you guys
Mimi is hopping on this little ATV it's
a 90 don't worry it'll be nothing it's
not like the big monsters we've been
driving around but as you guys know
Garret was here yesterday and he was
showing us from the new quads that he
was selling and I think we're gonna get
them because we definitely need a little
one and we needed another big one and
he's offering us a really great deal
obviously because he's our friend so
we're really excited
maybe's gonna check out the little one
no footprints going I don't plan to go
anywhere so this is always gonna do it
so there's no this isn't like nothing
can happen it's like that just puts it
into turn it okay anyway and see now
you're in neutral yep to start it you're
gonna hold this down and then press the
yellow that's all they got
you might have to go to little gas - now
you gonna put it forward that's right
give it a little great get hold the
brake it's like all the brake but give
it a little gas so it doesn't die and
then you just basically pull it out and
forward perfect and if you let go of the
brake you get interested give us some
guys are there you go
she's doing it she's doing it watch out
for her it is actually really cute it's
just like a little it like fits you
perfectly
yeah and what do you think you're doing
mister you're gonna go for a ride that
little one's gonna be yours if it's
still here in ten years yeah there goes
Papa looking for as Mimi
here it's shown us some trick city 1
it's a fun one to pop into a Willie - oh
my gosh why are you doing
at least he's wearing a helmet Kelsey
wants it go on a trail run I'm like boy
choppers yeah take that just so she
knows take that so that way they don't
massively rattlesnakes so good babe did
you see our new toys I know I love it
what do you think of that Finny that's a
Vienna it's a baby right I'm gonna play
with that hey la tired you just wanted
to watch Jurassic world okay
cage you have a fun day today yeah yeah
did you have a fun Memorial Day yeah you
wanna play on the pig toys we just got
anyway yeah we had a really fun Memorial
Day I'm so happy
Corbin and Kelsey are here and if you
guys did not know they actually have a
YouTube channel as well and I'm gonna
put a link down below in the description
and on the screen that you can click to
go check them out and subscribe
basically they're leaving normal
civilized life and they're going on an
adventure in a van for like 7 months and
we're scared out of our minds but we
can't wait to watch the videos the
videos they have up are really cool so
go check them out these two crazy people
what do you guys call steps to wander
steps to wander and what's your what's
your cool little quote thing where your
feet are
yeah and not all who wander are lost I
see that everywhere now ever since I saw
that in your video honestly yeah go
check them out thank you guys for
watching be sure to give today's wall
your thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment check out those links we'll see
you manana Ally dad sighs yeah ally what
do you say
this is home in the fair
so good heart attack
can't say yeah
I am
Oh
