what a fish this day wait what do they
say good morning oli
ed cereal time I got spoon spoon do you
want milk
of course you gotta have milk for cereal
does so much cereal are you gonna eat
all that you promise okay big old buddy
no good morning guys yes I have made
your bed right now and I just got ollie
breakfast in the playroom which I liked
doing because I feel like he sits there
for longer and eats which is always
really nice we're actually getting up
and getting the kids fed early this
morning because we have to run to Costco
because we need supplies supplies for
the Casa Devon's house and Spanish learn
something new every day guys where's
Finn what's Finn doing oh hello you
practicing your snorkel yeah he likes to
stand up on the dragon watch Olli is
here then you want some cereal - I'm
gonna get you some cereal - okay all
right guys Finn gets a very different
kind of cereal hot cereal yeah I'm done
that look good and look at them we could
put little treasures inside of it for
you to find oh not that works - yeah
this is what your mom mother told me to
do she said just put the hook Mohammed
right in front of you I don't get it
either
and it's like a organic plain oatmeal
but what else she says he eats it
oh my gosh I do like your necklace
yeah it looks like you have a trail
uh-hum necklaces huh huh did you go
through des closet yeah there's another
one okay that's cool
Holly this key on your necklace says
hope hope that's pretty cool huh yeah
this one looks like you lost the key
that's okay though oh I don't know
yeah we're all ready for the day and
Allie apparently is going to accessorize
we want to wear that one too oh yeah put
that one on there you go now you're
looking super stylish ready for Costco
yeah you can put that one on - dang yeah
look at look at good job buddy we are at
Costco today we've got the kid they seem
a little tired and out of it are you
tired are you sleeping right now you
took a little catnap yeah okay I'm
dressed like a target employee yeah so
we're gonna make a target run oh my god
yes and I'm gonna just ask for your help
the whole time sir can you tell me where
this is anyway yeah we're gonna just try
and grab a few groceries some things
that we've been needing we're definitely
running pretty empty at the house so is
so many people here it's Thursday at
11:00 a
see seriously everyone in their Mama's
here and I just realized it's summertime
that's probably why a lot of kids are at
school but we got lots of goodies look
at all we got new pool noodles those are
gonna be fun huh pop up up up up up look
what finally came you guys the new
powershot g7x mark - this is the second
edition of the camera that we blog with
and that pretty much everyone blogs with
g7x a little bit improved and I just now
noticed all of our g7 X's like start
blurring in and out because we just use
them like crazy they don't last very
long so I'm gonna unbox the mark 2 right
now who's ready to get geeky with me I'm
gonna get a little geeky ok this is a
really cool backdrop I could totally do
like tech videos right here in my office
who would watch that I did testicles
that'd be fun ok powershot g7x mark -
second edition positive vlogging camera
open it up garbage damage here it's the
good stuff this is it oh my gosh it
looks like it's from the future you guys
check it out this is the new box that
you guys are going to live in pretty
cool still super phat but actually it's
noticeably lighter
it's got like a grip right here so
that's kind of cool big difference about
this the screen actually goes this way
and also this way so you can pull it out
like that if you need to and I notice -
sometimes I'll be filming like up above
and I won't be able to the screen now
you just go OOP okay I can look right
the screen while I'm filming - so that's
kind of cool really slick though
performance is probably going to be much
better one thing I really like - when
you turn this it doesn't go click click
click click click so annoying so that's
nice and smooth it's a little angular on
top - but yeah I'm actually gonna switch
to this right now I think they use the
same battery let's see if they use the
same battery I'm gonna start vlogging on
the new one right now you guys ready to
go - the new camera
Hey so I'm now using the g7x mark to
just play it a little bit with the
settings as far as like lighting and
focus and all that fun stuff tell me
what you guys think I wanted to look
good for you guys but I also want to be
happy with the quality too so we're
going outside now very very bright
right outside my office the Sun is right
there and it seems to be lighting up my
face which is what I want that's the
priority right there okay I'll do some
cool shots around the courtyard too
here's a rosebush right outside my
office door here is a lemon on my lemon
tree zoom in on this a little tap to
focus there it is
it's nice here's a little gnome who's a
football fan so yeah I'm sure I will
learn a lot more about this camera as we
continue using it but I think I'm
definitely gonna switch I like the idea
of being able to move the screen the
other way when I'm filming in that way I
also think I have a lot more options and
other cameras are kind of just dead this
is the new one see how long it takes
light oh there it is see wasn't that bad
yeah
new camera guys yay alright guys that's
all for geeking out on the powershot g7x
mark - lets go see what the family is
doing outside by the pool hey Bailey
what are you doing you're gonna jump
okay go Oh Allie and CJ are gonna jump -
jump CJ jump whoo do a big cannonball
big cannonball baby
good job guys you guys CJ and Bailey and
the fam over today using the swimming
pool it feels amazing what do you think
about this big big pool pillow isn't
this cool you got it you got it there
you go
king of the cushion whoa
Finny are you having fun to him yeah
yeah he's kind of starting to talk you
wanna go in the hot tub what's the
temperature in the pool he's shivering
it's such a California all right I'll
turn on the hot tub for you k hey buddy
hahaha he's starting to speak gibberish
you guys I'm still playing around with
some settings to on this camera you guys
it seems a little more smooth now I
don't know tell me if that fixes it if
at any time you think it looks weird
just let me know the timestamp of the
vlog and say this kind of looks weird
and I can see if there's a setting or
something that I can do to fix that
thing is pretty cool but it's like
different we are headed into a little
feed store and we are looking for
chickens or chicks food chick things cuz
I think I found all the chicks that I'm
gonna be getting I think I'll be getting
them tomorrow so I'm real excited we
gotta get it all right now stuff and I
have chicks in right now I couldn't have
better you you're so cute
what do you have that's all the chickens
they have oh my gosh
you guys are so cute yeah they're so
cute I'm gonna get some meals
there we are hiya dude it's so cute so I
got myself a heating lamp a light bulb
I've got some chick peeing on a little
water dish and then we'll also grab some
chick food and something two legs put
them on so I'll be good
alright so I've brought the chicken coop
into the garage I bought a bunch of this
so that I can do like an easy cleanup Oh
lay it all down for the chicks we've got
some chicks starter food and then I've
got like my little heating lamp it will
just be pointed in one direction so they
can get away from the hot or the heat
and we've got all our feed stuff I think
we're about ready to go I'm hoping
tomorrow we actually get to pick up our
chicks and we're so excited I'm just
super excited to go on this little
adventure I think it's gonna be really
fun kind of a really cool experience for
us and the kids and I'm excited see what
I used to do when I was a kid so it's
kind of fun to just kind of feel like
you're going back to like your childhood
and how you were raised and stuff
alright so tonight we're actually
meeting CJ and Bailey to go to the
movies and we're gonna go see it an
awesome movie oli what are we gonna go
see finding Dory and missing I actually
bought these overalls at the Disney
Store probably like a month ago and we
were like they're gonna wear them when
they go see finding dory and here is the
day ollie
turn around show me your outfit whoa oh
I love it dude and then look at little
Finn oh my goodness you are it's so cute
oh buddy's got a little boat that's
pretty dang cute yep our boards are
matching we're gonna go take them to see
the new finding Dory it comes out
tomorrow but it's actually like a 7 p.m.
showing tonight so it's kind of cool all
right we're headed to the movie house my
little fish
what a fishes day wait what do they say
someone's excited hey guys
oh you guys already got see finding dory
let's do it they have a cool little
setup for finding dory
all he's got a find dory where's Doria
go find her where is she
oh my goodness you found her she's Hank
she's hanging out in Hanks octave
octopus huh yeah
On The Fixer aliens Court happened he's
got his popcorn in his drink it's
getting ready to see finding dory
oh no there's a busy chasing me ah
hey Olli what do you think of the movie
it was good just got out of finding dory
and it was amazing
I want to see it again Missy what you
think who is your favorite character um
live well the well shark yeah she was
cool there's a lot of really cool new
characters so much fun so much action it
was kind of crazy but really I blast him
got all he enjoyed it too huh
what did fish say wow you guys I'm on
the way here
oli and Finn were zoomed out like
immediately coolest thing ever I was
able to just get him ready for bed and
not have to lay in there for like an
hour to get him to fall asleep kids are
sleeping now it's relatively early well
no it's not it's like 10:00 p.m. and end
the vlog so that we can get some rest
because we had a big day tomorrow so be
sure you watch tomorrow's vlog to check
it out see then thanks for watching guys
give the video a thumbs up subscribe
leave a comment check out all those
links I must see you minion come on come
say bye goodbye to the people say bye
thanks for watching
Cheatham world to play I'm gonna go put
the cam in grey but
in the fear
so good Hornets are kissing
can't say it
I am home
and that's where
