Holly did you find one ah whoa come show
us your sword
yeah oh my goodness you got a sword for
sure tikka tikka tickle - Go Go Go Go Go
Go Go Go music you way me oh thank you
baby
Oracle baby Jessica ticka ticka ticka
ticka how did you did you go go go good
morning guys this morning Missy and I
are getting thin all dressed and ready
then everyone wanted to know where were
you were yesterday how come you weren't
in the vlog he just wasn't being cute
enough I guess I guess I don't know
sometimes it happens yes finished still
with us he's still our little baby boy
but we need to get you dressed so let's
use use some YouTube magic you're gonna
be why do that cute baby he's all
dressed and ready for the day I love
seeing you and all these old outfits so
stinkin cute I love that we have two
boys and we can just dress them up and
they could just have fun and play and
ruckus and oh so much fun all right
let's go we have fun day planned we are
headed to lunch with Jeffrey Natalia
we're excited to get some food
sorry we've been cleaning and just kind
of being lazy today but also like I got
a lot of done today actually cleans it
the boys room and I had to get rid of
that big canopy in there cuz it totally
torn so I was able to get like the
playroom all cleaned up so I'm feeling
good so we're gonna go get lunch and
hang out with Jeffrey Natalia now we're
here let's go get food
oh you look at our shoes match today
we're like twinsies
let's go dude let's go dude I got a
shrimp burrito today and is amazing yeah
we always get the same thing when we
come to el pelo Co chicken and rice and
tortillas and we make our own tortillas
right Jeffrey yes I think it's like a
our mom thing I think our mom's made it
up my mom taught me your mom how I
taught you and so we always make it and
this time Bryan got a burrito really I'm
a girl and I think Tao got a burrito
oh you got salad I got that too mostly
oh I see I was like I like salad and I'm
so we like to make our own Bryan got
something a little different but it
actually looks really delicious didn't
what what do you want to say Sean oh you
know I love that word you every third
word the same it good job good job
hey um so this always happens I was
looking for my brown leather watch band
today
find it and then I thought Jeffrey okay
borrow this nice watch back alright
buddy
borrowed I think that we actually should
switch because that one matches my shoes
and this one matches you hey that's like
what flag 2x is your flag and you can
have that one
and you can have this one Merry
Christmas oh my goodness we're serious
about our watch bands you guys are
storage this is how you do funny
Benny Feeny foo foo hopping through the
forest bouncing on the field mice and
boppin em on the head ping it pooping on
the field mice all I didn't do is poke
oh my gosh endless streams of pooped
it's really just smell like 30 minutes
cleaning them yeah changing diapers
really glad we have an SUV so we just
open the back and it's like diaper
changing station it's like an assembly
line of changing diapers huh I'm wearing
this baby boy he's being sweet we are at
barons market right now and we're
looking at natural toothpaste holly has
a toothpaste I always use and I usually
get it another place that I've never
dressed like a mud place right the mud
mud kind yeah it's like Earth paste yes
okay I don't have it here looks like
maybe I'll find something that is
similar similar the ones they're all
like natural and organic and one thing I
like about it is that it's not like a
nasty but welcome or like oh yeah yeah
flavor but he also isn't gonna do mint
yeah it was 11 oh you like the citrus
right there's citrus toothpaste
I'm just really weird about smells guys
if you don't know that I'm gonna get its
perf in because I hear they're really
good for babies and probably interesting
in the poopy
great oh Jesus I don't know if much of
his hoop has been changed yet with food
yeah I think we're still waiting for the
big change Tilda it's still pretty much
breast poop but yeah boy this drama
cadet talking about poop in public check
this out you guys they have a
fresh-squeezed orange juice station this
is genius juice but I've got to try this
guy so we're just gonna do it so you
take your bottle you put it out of there
and you pull that let me pass it oh wow
oh gosh oh you're gonna die right there
that is so cool
get one for me I want one that's just
like how I do it at home it tastes just
like we need one of these machines babe
that cuts them and then that matches
them and then that strains it we're good
one for me now all it smells amazing
it's like something the dad from Honey I
Shrunk the kids would create you know
whoa I'll look at your playroom it's so
clean we had a canopy that was hanging
right here in this corner but it tore up
because all the kids are spending on it
so we actually had to get rid of it kind
of sad but we're gonna try and find like
a swing or like a hanging thing for them
to sit on to be really cool Ollie Ollie
ollie mama just cleaned this whole
playroom up so you need to not make it a
huge mess okay that's a big gun you need
darts you got the dungeon and you're
freaking Carm out hi Karma
Finn what are you working on oh look at
he actually has a dart can I see Finn
look at that that goes in the gun so it
can shoot yeah oh we did it you got me
we need a lot more of these huh all
right well you got your pool your
toolbox
why don't you go run and try and fix
something kay so one thing we've been
doing with Ollie lately is playing red
light green light and we're kind of
doing this as a way of like a safety
measure because honestly when he runs
away from us if we say red light he will
stop which is good and we don't want him
running in parking lots and streets and
stuff like that so it's kind of a fun
game that we've been playing it's just
chilling over there he's gonna watch him
play come on only green light red light
red light
green light red light green light red
light red light red light green light
green light red light good job buddy you
want to try on your own
hey go all the way at the end go go go
go go green light green light green
light green light okay turn around and
come back here green light red light
good job green light red light red light
red light oh all that you lost the game
buddy sometimes he does it good all
right then it's your turn come over here
buddy
green light green light come to mama
green light he's doing red light when
he's supposed to be doing green light
good the other way fit fit green means
go
come here Holly can you show brother
what red light green light is Dan next I
would say go Ali say green light good
job oh you got him oh yeah you did oh oh
yeah you did oh you okay the poly try
picking him up again can you try ah he's
too heavy okay that bin you guys lose a
couple lbs oh let's not eat that whoa
are you a a king Oh Jake in the
neverland pirates
whoo you need a sword huh I'm sure we
can find one out here somewhere
okay no no just augering light with that
one Holly did you find one whoa come
show us your sword
yeah oh my goodness you got a sword for
sure Oh Holly let's not hit mama Kay oh
let's not hit dad that either Hey
go up in your boat go up in your ship oh
my gosh when this kid gets a sore that's
crazy now you're a real pirate huh Holly
say arrr matey
Oh Holly that hurt Holly can you come
here hey hey he's an evil PI right now
are you fighting it off all the pirates
hey all you hurt my wrist can you kiss
it all better thank you you want to oh I
I don't have to go to the doctor no I
should be okay okay get him oh they're
sharks they're trying to climb up get
them get them
yeah oh there's a big crocodile behind
you I'll get it get it there you go
imagination though crazy fight up fight
the bad guys that's right we only hit
bad guys okay okay hit him get him get
the bad guys get him get him get him get
him oh god oh here comes the furry
dinosaur go
Oh jars gonna take your ship from ya
come on card get up here yeah
Carmen's getting old oh that was quite
op commies the planet playgrounds before
we had kids yeah we actually used to
take our dog to playgrounds cuz we
didn't have any kids you know Polly was
in the best man he loved it he loved
playgrounds he loves going down the
slide he loves going on the swings he
did love that way we would swing
together remember yes I do remember that
all right you guys I think that is all
for today's vlog but we had a blast
hanging out and playing with the boys
hope you had a blast watching today's
vlog if you did be sure to give a thumbs
up and subscribe and leave a comment and
check out all those links I will
actually have my username for musically
down in the description box I just
joined and it's hilarious
you can basically watch me make a fool
of myself on there so we should go
following me on there thank you guys so
much for watching we'll see manana bye
instead
this is home in the
Hornets
I'd say yeah
I am home
and
