are you killing robots yeah
say good morning thing you say good
morning not yet not yet I used to say
that's all II all the time when I used
to start the vod's and eventually you
started saying good morning
really crazy hi guys this morning I got
Finn dressed up and this super cute
dinosaur Robert and I think this was
given to us can I see this really quick
thank you we love you love Bri and
Cassie this is from Breanna and Cassie -
Finn okay here you can chew on that I'm
pretty sure a viewer gave us this romper
so thank you Brianna and Cassie cuz this
looks pretty dang cute and it fits him
perfectly it's got a dinosaur on it too
so Ollie will see it and then by
association like his brother it's always
a good thing when brothers like each
other
good morning good morning would you guys
look at all of this blonde hair that's
coming in on Finn - so cute he looks
like a little Eminem Eminem the rapper
by the way not the candy hooks Eminem
had that blonde hair is coming super
blonde just like Ali's was you guys it's
gonna be like platinum blonde and he's
really so cute I'm gonna have to blonde
little boys run around crazy you're
crazy and a lot of people always ask
where did the blonde come from well
Missy and I were both blonde headed
babies when we were born so that's
probably where he gets it from hey Ollie
let's put that shoe bucket back Kay
yeah let's push it back here push ease
those toddler muscles Oh putting this
kid to work thank you buddy
well he's the one who pulled it out good
morning babe my babe oh and look he's
doing it again
yeah destructive oh you don't want this
over here I'm gonna put it over here
it's not too heavy come on let's put it
back now oh what's on his romper ollie
yeah a deer a
it's I was talking about by association
he would like his brother today yeah
that's pretty cool huh he's like so
excited that he's got something that all
I miss I know what are you doing here
ocking out in your own head Wow look
what I can do is just gonna say that
baby's already starting look what I can
do yeah he didn't do it all day good
look what I can do
oh I was wondering what he was doing you
sucking eyes left
Wow all your so talent I'm watching oh
do the spin you to spin new to spin do
to spin these boys are so cute so funny
tada who's on your cup today Olli hi who
hi
oh cars yeah oh that's pretty cool huh
alright we got a ton of stuff done today
and now we're we going on Chuckie Cheese
we're gonna go have some fun Finn is a
little bit sad right now but he has no
idea what's coming we're gonna go see
Chuck the mouse the mouse you see it
he's so excited let's go buddy let's go
let go let go deke you do oh that's my
candy that's a mint that's someone's
lost mint we're turkey cheese where a
kid can be a kid
hmm hey what color is that car ollie
yeah blue good job is blue say that
again
our car is black wow it's getting so
smart yeah he's getting really good with
that chip you Hey yeah Chuckie Cheese
here we go dude you you ready okay
are you killing robots yeah good job
good good again this is always the first
game he runs toward
look who's here it's Payton you want to
throw some balls for me you can do it
good job get it get it get it bro he my
son he goes straight toward a kindly
machineguns
did you just Pat live I live
Jeffrey it's all carrots do this one I'm
leaving
shocked you they shocked you yet you can
go from low-power medium power high
power and so the longer you hold on the
more tickets you get it's like vibrating
it's not wrong it's like vibrating Oh
like vibrates your whole hand so it
didn't shock but it feels like it's just
vibrating all right it's Vicki's turn I
feel like I'm really amazing
okay
hold on mm
okay
good you get out of here it's like a war
zone Missy and I are at the shooting
range we're gonna be shooting some skeet
you ready yep I'm a shotgun dude how
long I think the last time I shot was
when I was in Utah with Jarrod it's fun
shooting with him because he doesn't
miss and I miss a lot so it's gonna be
fun what are we shooting with today Jim
semi-automatic shotgun okay pump action
shotgun and a single shot single shot
little shot 20 cool I'm gonna shoot some
shotguns oh you poor thing this that
beam is your shoulder so this is the
skeet launcher okay I haven't done this
in so long that it's so fun and I'm so
bad at it somebody give it a try how's
your shoulder babe all right sorry
pull yes very good
Oh got it
boom it feels good to be out here on the
range shoe-in filling it on your
shoulder having a blast Jimmy's gonna
jump on next and I'm gonna toss these
things so that you just pull it right
load it up toe when you ready Jimmy got
it ready
alright we are moving on to the pistol
now what is this one Jim 9 milliliter xD
Springfield XD dang that's cool you've
shot one before Missy so you shot a 22
pistol Oh a little day I've actually
never shot a pistol before so this
should be cool
bullets facing forward make sure it's
seated day and you know it is live so
with this one here's a safety and
there's a safety in the trigger take the
clip out and set it down and walk away
so does that hurt your our hands not too
bad I was cut hang on to it really hard
to cite him it's much different than a
rifle always keep your finger like that
and you really want to put this hand
inside of that hand then you've got to
get this knotch
on that and then fire that's how you do
it
ready whoo she's ready you can see Missy
one two three four five six seven day
five and you you're really good but your
glow to the left yeah and you're all
right there though listen Jimi's Wow and
look at see this is me with a lot of
practice one two three four five i won
what are you doing you want to lick it
all right give it a lick good good now
you guys he likes it now Jim fun day
today
mmm love you hey you me hung out with
auntie yeah
all right guys I think that's all for
today's vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed
it we had a blast today if you did enjoy
the blog be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe hey guys and leave a
comment check out all those links thank
you guys so much for watching we will
see a min Jana
Ali what do you say
this is home in the
never look so good Hornets are
can't say it
I am home
and
