oMG is a spinny right now what are you
wearing all he used to wear that all the
time he's got a monkey pot and a hood hi
you are very cute that buddy good
morning guys and happy Saturday I just
got back from the grocery store got lots
of goodies for pulled-pork tonight
another party yes we're having some
family over yeah Missy I got you
something at the store you did I got you
not just flowers not oh I did get you
flowers I got you the most boringest
lottery ticket ever for hanging
it's a crossword one like no one buys
these Missy Missy likes the super long
lottery tickets like bingo crossword dad
a shuffleboard lottery ticket miss you
would buy it because it feels like I'm
doing something like I had to do
something to win yeah yeah so have fun
with that
Olly what do you do it you know you got
a big old gun cool it's too heavy not
for you you're a strong boy huh oh sorry
boy in the whole wide world huh
let's go get you dressed k buddy you
bringing your big bazooka just in case
alright oli we are gonna get you dressed
today okay oh why why are you lifting
your leg this is a shirt goes over your
head remember yeah yeah yeah and then we
stick your arms through you make fun
noises - oh wait wait wait we gotta put
your shorts on okay one leg other leg
and then Dadda makes you fly huh best
way to put on shorts huh yeah oh this
one's a real button these ones suck
I like the snappers mm-hmm okay you want
to lick your salt web now yeah
all right all he's been asking to lick
his salt lamp go ahead is it tasty Aki I
just love his little face whenever he
does it he wants to though I don't want
to okay yaki huh he's like Dino poop Hey
uh-huh you wanna look it again
good morning guys we were just doing
some decluttering cleaning up having
some fun and I'm watching the boys right
here and their fitness outside he
climbed outside and I've been watching
him always trying to give him the ball
is he trying to get it you can't get it
cuz he's behind the glass try again here
Finn take it Finn
quick be careful of that you gotta bring
him over to the window you're gonna give
it to him for real nope
all right Finn Finn - hey hey mama
yeah should I go get him yeah okay all
right you guys it is not time wait a
minute you're the wrong baby you're not
supposed to be in Ali's bed you're not
supposed to be at Ali's bed don't let
him catch you in here oh sorry Olli
Finn's taken over your bed all right
Finn all he's gonna join you okay it's
nap time for Holly we're easing and
easing him into it what you don't want
to take a nap with Finn okay you are so
cute not much longer - you're gonna be
in your nice own big bed huh we are
getting Ali's closet organized and look
what I just found
it's my teddy bear no my grandma gave me
that and that was my teddy bear growing
up forever that's so cool I just love
that we still have it and something that
we didn't keep in Ali's room
Holly I think everyone can find you
you're right that you're pretty loud
when you hide all right he thinks we
can't find him Finn what do you think he
is
oh yeah he's right there I ollie Gabe I
got a hang up all those toes what do you
think about his new closet really nice
yeah it's got nice bars to hang nice
little cubby holes sectioned off you can
like
do different things in each section yeah
and what we were actually thinking - I
think we put this closet in that
eventually if Finn and oli are both in
this room this is a closet they can
share this they each have yeah they each
have like a hang and their own shelf or
just cool
Holly Holly hello like you open that up
again
momma's got shirts coming hey Olli how
was your nap good you're a liar you
didn't nap look who's here it's CJ and
Bailey CJ I love your haircut you like
his haircut yeah it's nice dude look
it's all shaved and looking good oh no
that's actually not a horse Holly this
is a dragon kids are all in the playroom
chillin it's cool huh you can come over
any time and hang out with Olli kay
except now you're dead because Bailey
just killed you
you got it Bailey look how big you're
getting I can't even Bailey you know
when we started these vlogs you were
just an itty bitty baby yeah yeah I used
to change your dirty diapers Nigel and
you would drool all over me and now look
at you you're a little girl you're so
cute you were little - do you remember
when you asked Missy when she was
pregnant with ollie you said is he naked
in there wasn't that funny and now you
guys are all big and grown-up you just
had a soccer game but you won right so
cool all the kids are just playing in
the playroom having a blast you got
family over and we're just gonna cook
that pulled pork
you
holy pulled-pork Batman
Missy decided to make six this is half
of it yeah only half look at this oh it
looks so good
no y'all ready for pulled pork y'all
ready for this all ready are you ready
yes k Jessica's doing the pulled pork
camp yeah he's ready what's the thing
the thing
you
you
corn on the cob what do you think yeah
ha good we only have corn holders you
guys you know how to do it now Missy is
making monkey bread she's been snapping
the whole thing see if you rush over to
her snapchat and may just catch it
before it expires a hurry what are you
doing it's a snake no I'm gonna cut it I
don't know if I should have first I
don't know I don't know she don't know
what she doing she's making monkey bread
Finn what do you think of the pulled
pork you loved it
yeah look at his spread tonight we're
explaining baby led weaning what do you
guys think it's hilarious right he's
just gonna make a huge mess huh yeah
your baby led weaning what do you think
all right we are hopping on the Polaris
I'm gonna get back here - all right
super fun flowers right
mrs. dad is driving I like to drive fast
break right there yeah you guys are
getting a tour of the fence yeah
right right take it up the Polaris and
I'm gonna tell you right now he is not
as safe my dad
hi bandit oh we're at the wrong oh my
gosh
it's blurry I'm sorry there we go
everybody focus it's focusing Missy
dropped you guys I can't believe you did
that
you're so right she was right it was no
I did not go that fast I did not go that
fast you were driving so fast my boy it
flew it was like Michael me to bump and
it's all kaboom slowly gone like my hat
was off everything was gone and it would
I was going for like 15 miles an hour
okay well at least we got it okay I'm
gonna keep the strap on so that
Oh No
and Laci Hill dad anymore
oMG is a spinny right now yes
what are you wearing all he used to wear
that all the time he's got a monkey butt
and a hood hi you watch it with that
mister you are very cute my buddy
all right ollie it's time to say bye to
CJ and Bailey okay get Bailey a big hug
Oh give CJ big hug
oh say see you later bye guys thanks for
coming over as your fun okay we'll see
you soon okay okay you gotta get Finn a
hug
then can you give him hugs ah cousin
love hahahahaah yeah you kinda baby
anything I remember with Bailey with the
size when we when we started the vlog
you were this little and how she drool
all over us remember that and we taught
you how to do this yes that's what we
taught you to do can you do it now we
taught you how to do that it was a and
if it was in your tummy still no not
even Ollie was in her tummy honey when I
was watching you yeah I was broadly for
usual yeah you were really little and
same withou yeah Ben Ben wasn't even
yeah we weren't even thinking about him
yet my belly and we were taking care of
you and you were just a little
yeah yep you're okay you have to go now
okay bye
she's a great talking we have to go now
all right I've got the kids in the back
and we had such a fun day with our
cousins it was really really awesome but
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video I
want to let you guys know that I've been
really super good on my channel lately
and I have a bunch of new videos on
there including a shopping haul so go
check the link down below and go
subscribe if you have it already but we
will see you guys tomorrow for another
fun vlog
in the
good boy I can
I can't say it
Oh
and
