man
wet and rainy
forget what I cuddle and watch a movie
instead yeah sounds good
good morning guys
say good morning Jackson how you guys
doing you playing with dinos there's
lots more dinos in that in the toy box
huh you want me to open it yeah yeah
I'll open it for you ready oh look at
all that gold whoa they're so cute
playing together you guys you have a
blast together
good morning gang how are you is that
your patty or is that your dolls potty
yeah I probably wouldn't hold too much
potty with it oh thank you
this is Superman can you say good
morning hey good morning Hey oh I just
like Oh Ollie you keeps keep giving me
toys and presents
that's a doggy bone yeah go gates go
gates future cheerleader right there
that's pretty awesome that Arthur I'm
Zack
Oh Holly are you looking at your bay
right now you see those cheerleading
skills good morning Sam good morning fan
what are you playing with you about to
sing the song of your people yeah Bob do
you guys have a hot tub you haven't told
us about well we might have found one
hey Ollie where's the hot tub yeah it's
all gone yet is not here stand up
straight
denim Jake okay
zineb straight that's the silly no
you've got in your legs so as you guys
know it's pouring rain out here I think
that we need to do wet t-shirt contests
or just like see who can get wet it's
the fattest fastest haha because it's
pouring rain out there so I think the
girls are gonna jump out there and see
who can last the longest in the pouring
rain it's really pouring this is a this
is a mild rain
it's a drizzle it's dreadful every time
we're like it is pouring to life wait
till you see Nebraska how it rains spell
perspective crazy memories like this in
California weeds like all died yeah the
school will be shut down pretty oh yeah
oh yeah they shut down the schools for
this for sure crazy are you ready to get
wet babe sick you're gonna win right I
put on my bathing suit and this Beth and
I was like it's freezing good cold in
the house and it just feels so nice out
here yeah
so Finn's shirt by the way : had these
custom shirts made for all the kids in
all of us
Florida airbrushed shirts look at that
hashtag DBE j ck summer vacay so cool
that
how you go car in the rain ladies and
gentlemen got the cover on okay let's
see your shirt whoa what's on it an
alligator that's so cool
you love alligators all right the girls
are getting ready to go out for the wet
t-shirt contest who's gonna win place
your bets boys um everyone's gonna get
wet yeah are you ready All Right girls
three two one go no just to the word go
to the word wait where you going
Oh what t-shirt contest go into a new
level you guys
oh we got our turn
hahaha come on break it out the water
balloons
whoa I think colors gotta put him out
here and put him up here
alright this wet t-shirt contest got
fucked up in that
you
all the kids haven't taken it napped and
everyone is all excited and what we
gonna go do I know that way yeah where'd
it go into me and what you got you got a
shovel here you go dig some holes in the
sand so for those of you who don't know
last year for our summer vacay we came
here and all expensing entire week on a
chair did not step off of that chair he
sat on that chair
the entire week did not like the sand
hey it's sand last summer we're hoping
this year he got over he's been in the
sand a couple times since then and he's
enjoyed it and playing summer cocaine
reserved right yeah I'm hoping that this
summer he doesn't spend the entire week
on a chair Holly were walking up to the
beach oh my gosh you guys we have made
it to the beach oh so cool there's so
many waves from the storm that went
through a lot more ways unless he's
ready leave our shoes there my Leaguer
shoes by my babe Holly what are we
standing on San good job dude
let's go digna over here k Gaines and
Katie stayed back because the games was
having a really good nap Shane wanted
disrupt ourselves they may meet us down
here but oh my gosh yeah the sand is
crazy it is packed down dude it does
feel so nice so many memories Missy last
time we were parading around this Beach
who had him inside of you this kid was
screaming and crying and hating the sand
I think everyone's just grown up a
little back from that trap yeah look at
all the seashells you wanna take your
shoes off their water shoes though
they're made for sand and water hey Ali
look over here see all these little
pieces of shells these are sea shells
yeah look down at them get pick one up
look at there's a bunch right here look
at that see that see oh that's a pretty
one that one's got a hole for a necklace
we found a perfect necklace one did it's
beautiful yeah I think it's safe to say
Olli has definitely made up made a wave
of improvement I get it of being on the
sand made a wave of improvement look at
any like tie my shoes off oh you want to
fill it in your toes feel it in your
toes not cool though it's not gonna get
you don't worry Mimi's gonna like those
ones does it feel good
I can beat you huh we're heading down
when it all just sucks
I'll be your Charlie Brown you can make
me laugh when I wanna be
ah
you
well that was fun for a little bit but
the undertow is actually so bad today
because of the thunderstorm that went
through so it's a double red flag so we
can't be in the water anymore we'll be
back tomorrow
to pull the hangout on the beach all day
now we're headed up to the pool that's
actually just like 20 feet away right
here so it's kind of cool all you want
to come swim
you
how'd you pick you up when you're
heading down when it all just sucks
I'll be your Charlie from you can make
me laugh
well
Oh
it's about that time
Jared what are you doing Jared what are
you doing Jared what are you doing I'm
trying to eat my Oreos yeah I just
cleaned this living room Jared okay
geez things underneath the coffee - no I
cleaned it in here okay yeah thank you
you cannot get it
oh yes that's how you do hashtag dad
life hey guys it's night we're all
getting our snackage on we got Oreos and
sweet tarts a Theresa to the couch
okay these ones I have part of the I was
just like yeah that's good I can't see
it it looks good it looks good geez but
yeah we had an amazing epic day but I'm
gonna call it so if you guys are not
subscribed to Ellie and Jared go check
them out you guys are subscribe to Colin
and Katie go check them out all their
links are down below in the description
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you manana bye bye Boop
bye babe bye
up inside
we only use it once a year
I would not call it a holiday but Wow
you come in here little girl bro this is
like a girl over
