good morning boys
we are in a flow dolly flew all night
long with our two kids and we made it to
Florida it is bright and early and you
know what it is hot it's humid it works
so excited to be in Florida
always so excited to be in Florida the
kids slept the whole night we all
actually slept but we're still just dead
like Oh even though we slept it's just
not like the same sleep as if you were
to sleep in your bed so we're just like
oh we gonna make it a day hopefully a
nap is in store for sure but it is so
beautiful here I can't even believe it
like just the greenery that is just
everywhere is insane it's pretty cool
right now I headed to the beach house
you can go see telling Katie and Joe
golly look who it is it's your
girlfriend
give her a big big hug oh hi Lacey games
and we got Brooks in the hiz-ouse dude
what's top grandmas you always do
Oh rectory oh gosh oh hot dang hey man
what time now see you are so freakin
cool you're gonna have one of these I
know oh my gosh
it's crazy last time you was in your
belly and now he's here and now we've
gotten five kids in sight Oh
they almost outnumber us this his hands
are bigger than ours and he's a little
compared to some kid he's very little
yeah
December that we turned in today keep
all the Sun out that's funny
only where all the toys remember oh
there's a lightsaber no way
look at all the lightsaber yeah grab it
oh and canes you could be Princess Leia
oh I guess that if he was Luke then
that'd be a little awkward yeah because
they're gonna end up together
breakfast time with the bay aw all you
eatin breakfast with the bay yeah say
breakfast with the bay gains is gonna
try some oatmeal
it she's like yeah I'm gonna take a bite
oh there you go
mmm Nami do you like it like I want it
on that i realize the kids didn't eat
breakfast we ate starbucks in between
flights so the boys are eating going
crazy
I remember watching Gaines smash some
crazy food in that chair and get all
dirty and now it's Ben's turn let's make
it good boy alright alright this is our
room at the beach house we are staying
with cloning Katie nice and cozy nice
yes all he gets bad it's so nice yeah
yeah yeah so neat so cool everything's
decorated all nice she's unpacking so
that's what we do when we go places we
just move right on in compact everything
I can put these two games away yeah
that's true it's really nice to unpack
everything even have a bathroom yeah
it's gonna be nice for excited we're
just gonna get freshened up ah Charlie
I'm wearing the shirt that I want so
gross
so we need to get cleaned up a little
bit
wait and for the meat comes to get here
games look at your cute little bathing
suit you look so cute oli did you see
your BAE right now
do you see her we're gonna go swimming
okay we are all putting on our bathing
suits because Ellie and Jared are taking
their sweet time coming to the beach
house so we're like you know what we're
gonna go swimming but you know what
that's a good thing more time for oli
and games to hang out you know the
competition oh my gosh look at her
little cover babe we need to have a
little girl
let me see Gaines turn around oh wow you
are gorgeous
thank you
Wow look at that world here oh we're all
here together again you guys can you
believe this and the third vacation
we've all taken together and we're gonna
have so much fun yeah we have more kids
more fun more adventure it's all
happening st. Nick Utah
you
Ellie and Jared hair coordinator here on
the beach elsewhere in Florida and we're
gonna have such a blast but I'm gonna go
ahead and end our vlog here be sure you
go subscribe to : Katie they're about to
have one of these a little boy and we're
so excited for them go subscribe to
Ellie and Jared because we love them as
well they're in the process of building
their dream home and it's so much fun to
watch so go check out all our friends
thank you guys so much for watching
we're going to go to dinner so go watch
everyone for vlogs see what happened
okay bye
baby
in the
never look so good Hornets are
I'd say yeah
I am
