hey Olli where do you want to go huh
where I don't know I think you guys
you're gonna have to figure out what
what
now you say names
good morning guys me and Finn woke up
bright and early I grabbed a Starbucks
and I realized that it was gonna be a
really really really hot day so I needed
to get out and get my errands done so I
could get back and get the pool because
it's supposed to be like 110 degrees but
I'm out of the house and check the
temperature that's right it is a hundred
and two degrees already and it is only
climbing so yeah it is already really
really hot but I'm gonna try and get as
much of my errands done as I need to now
because we have a big trip that we're
going on really soon I went and picked
up my mom we're gonna go get stuff done
before it actually is 110 degrees so I
might not it's more called fruits and
they just have all kinds of you know
natural things and this is the two-piece
I've been looking for everywhere and
they only sell it here but it's earth
case and it's lemon twist which
personally I like the smell of more than
like berry or I have those other flavors
so so I'm gonna grab right now for him
next thing I'm looking at is
on screen for the kids I always like
using this kind it's just like very
simple ingredients and very safe for
kids so I just got so many fun things
here at root so I'm looking forward to
hopefully is some new products on the
kids that even myself will enjoy and
youth mmm later all right you guys it is
now nap time for a little Ollie okay
okay yeah we're gonna read this dinosaur
book and then you got to take a nap okay
we don't want what happened yesterday to
happen today okay you gotta stay in your
bed yeah you guys probably don't know
what I'm talking about because I
actually realized after the vlog went up
but I completely forgot to put in all of
the footage from yesterday Ollie would
not go down for now and it was hilarious
Ollie you did not want to go take a nap
yesterday did you remember when you were
hiding what were you trying to play yeah
you were trying to play hide and seek
yeah all right I'll show you guys that
finished now so I just put all the down
for a nap he wasn't quite going to sleep
so I'm gonna make sure he's still asleep
because I was very careful to make sure
that he did not get out of his bed so
we're gonna go check his room right now
make sure he's still asleep
okay for some reason he's not in here
where could he have gone
Brian all he's not in his room I don't
know where he could have gone he's
totally hiding see it again now
Oh
Brian I'm gonna check on Ollie again I'm
gonna make sure he's in his room
Oh dad are you gonna go check and make
sure Ali's still asleep
yeah okay yeah just go make sure he's
asleep okay you close that chest
can you just close that chest yeah okay
why was he go I don't know actually just
make sure all he's still asleep
well why did you say dad uh all he's not
in here so I'm going to take all his
dinosaur toys and throw them in the
trash can I just throw away all the
dinosaur toys yeah y'all should go with
all the toys just all the toys okay I
have all of all these toys here I'm
going to take them out now okay never
see toys again I don't see him anywhere
actually do you think he'd mind I don't
think he cares right my eyes my buzz bye
woody
should we go under the coffee actually
throw this box away oh yeah maybe they
should do that let's just take this
chest right out of here okay oh yeah
that lizard you Scott I think was so oh
my gosh Molly would have loved that
lizard yeah all right Erin okay let's
take this out okay make your bit of this
okay where we could take it you just put
it outside yes all right okay right here
should we rinse it off with water before
we put it out here
not opening an always an opening kitchen
what Oliver what are you doing in there
are you supposed to be in there hey I'm
supposed to be taking a nap did you hear
all your toys what happened I know he's
right
oh no should we throw them away all your
toys are gone you better go check out
cuz you didn't get out you must be it in
bed yeah go check out him make sure make
sure what are you better see so we can't
do that today okay
you need a nap so you can have lots of
energy for the rest of the day lay down
and let's read your Dynabook okay all
right Missy picked up a ton of stuff for
the beach for some reason I don't know
what do you think ollie we're gonna go
to the beach
yeah he got some army me in short who
let me see your shorts whoa and you
slept so good this today huh you took a
good nap tell me what's it what are
those two goggles you gonna try and swim
with the goggles Oh that'd be so cool if
you could see underwater huh yeah all
right we'll get your sunscreen on so we
can go outside kay yeah here I'll hold
these for you okay and I'll hold these
cuz those aren't even yours ooh
is it cold is that stuff you got today
yeah
goddess garden organics I got all kinds
of fun like different kind
oh really depending on like what like
where we're at what we're doing like how
hard you or how easy do we want yeah cuz
you know aerosol cans are not like the
bet they don't really recommends just
easy like if you're just at the beach
like you can show me down and show me
what you put in his hair she's like
spraying stuff in his hair for the pool
I'm like what it naturally lightened
this so I just like like tennis princes
hair a little bit with it and he's a
blonde so it'll just kind of like break
up his blonde all right you're gonna
make your hair blonder I want to know if
it works
alright now that we're all sunscreen up
though we are headed out and we are
going to do a little more swimmin today
you guys ready swim you're in the water
you use your goggles alright let's go
play
all right I showed you earlier that I
went shopping at fruits and I bought a
lot of different different sunscreen
options so I'm going to show you kind of
what I got some of it's just for me some
of its for Brian some of its for the
kids so I'll kind of show you what we
got
so I got this kids badger sunscreen
which is probably my favorite it's the
most like natural it's literally is
mostly zinc oxide which is basically the
main thing that you need when doing it
it's just a really really thick
sunscreen so you have you only use a
little bit and it goes a long way but
this is in the tangerine smell so I
think it's supposed to be really nice
and I don't think it's too bad this one
I also got at roots it's just like a sun
protection completely unscented and now
probably mostly use this for like face
and stuff this one I got for me but
depending on you know the ingredients I
might use it for like the face for like
face for like all in fin and then this
one I got for me as well just Neutrogena
same thing sort of just for like my face
I got the Neutrogena wet skin kids for
like the face as well it was literally
just a stick it can go on when they're
wet so it's probably not the most like
natural ingredients or anything but
you're going to use it when their face
is wet which is going to be a
possibility sometimes then I got the
same badger sunscreen in a stick as well
just to easily put on our face and body
I got that guard goddess garden organic
sunscreen which I'm interested to see
how well it works and then these ones I
probably won't use very often probably
Brian will use this just like the Banana
Boat kind because it's easy to put on
and he doesn't mind it yep I got a
little bit of that blonde hair I got
this also at roots
it's a sunless tanner and I thought that
might be kind of fun to try out fair to
medium natural bronze glow so if I look
orange you know why and then I got a
couple of hair spritzers because I'm not
going to probably be doing my hair very
much so I got a sea salt spray to
hopefully just add some texture and take
away the frizz same with this coconut
water hydration oil hopefully it won't
be too frizzy while in there and that's
basically all that I got at roots and it
also got some of this at Ulta even
target so it was a good successful trip
and hopefully we don't get burned for at
the beach hey Ollie where do you want to
go where I don't know I think you guys
you're gonna have to figure out what
what yes now we say names hahahaha I
guess you guys will have to decode what
he's saying to figure out where we're
going huh stop telling them you're
giving him the secret away yep we're
packing well miss she's packing because
she's a pro this is cute like swim shirt
that's amazing he's a tiger that has
sunglasses on in those flowers that's so
cool he just here call me swim clothes
oh hello oh hi there's a baby under
there what do you - he's a little
startled but he's okay maybe let's not
climb on that okay you were like that
too while you climbed all over
everything
we're so excited because we are leaving
for our trip tomorrow and it's gonna be
such a blast what do you guys think
we're going let us know in the comments
Oh Ally you can't put it now he's all
he's pushing it on mother that's just
mean that's just mean yeah and I
actually just remembered I have a
pre-production meeting for my album
after we get back from the trip and I'm
supposed to actually track like a ton of
demo vocals so we can get production
started after that meeting and I
realized I'm not gonna be able to do
that where we're going so I am sitting
down at my computer just in GarageBand
throwing down some demo vocals and this
just helps with the producer so he knows
your melody knows the lyrics and he can
kind of build something really cool
around that so pretty cool because it's
kind of like one of the big steps that
it takes before you start hearing real
new music and of course I'm going to be
blogging the whole thing of being the
album start to finish it's gonna be
crazy like I said we have our first
pre-production meeting after we back
from our trip we're gonna have a lot of
strategy a lot of plans
talked a lot about the new music you
know
I wanted to sound and just the kind of
music that I want to create for this
album so I'm pretty cool a lot of you
guys are kind of questing for a long
time that I do a full album we have a
really amazing concept behind it which
you guys will actually hear later on but
it's going to be cool for not only the
people who watch these vlogs but for the
people who are fans of my music you're
gonna get a taste of some things that we
haven't really told you about or talked
about it's going to be really cool
me and the kids are in the playroom
right now we're just playing hanging out
so whenever I go to trip I get really
like stressed I feel like I'm gonna
forget something
what I do is I start writing lists after
this after it's listed I don't know if
other people do this but like I start
writing lists like what I need to do
before I leave like take out the trash
do the dishes
grab this blanket grab that blanket do
this like I just start like writing this
crazy list to my head but then I even
write lists of what I need to pack so
like I have a list on here that's like
thick I need eight pajamas I need ten
outfits I mean and I just start writing
exactly what I need so that when I go in
to go pack I already know that this is
exact number of what I need of
everything I'm sure of course I end up
like grabbing a few extra things but for
the most part I'm like this is what I
need just get it and go get out it's
easy to like over pack or under pack if
you don't have like a list so I get I
just sit here and I'm just like writing
list of everything I need to do
everything I need to get hopefully we'll
make our travel a little less stressful
are you guys all ready raffling you're
being gentle right Ally
all right Ally let's let him go you okay
buddy you're such a strong baby for
letting your big brother play with you
walking to dinner with these cute people
and I gotta say it feels so amazing out
you guys warm finally go in there let's
go sounds like they have light music
babe Ali that's mamas drink but that's
Mama's drink you got a drink over there
Mama's drink is better it's sucking down
your lemonade video thirsty are you
thirsty
yeah can you blow bubbles in Mama's
drink Oh bubbles
TiVo bubbles Oh hot got him hey I make
you baby
fun night today yo Sunday yeah you guys
finished such a mama's boy
it's crazy nah the diced red mama ha say
hi behind images it is late and Brian is
putting all in the bed I am putting Finn
to bed and we are gonna go put ourselves
a bit after that but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video make sure you give
that video a thumbs up if you did and we
will see you guys tomorrow for another
fun vlog are you ready then can you say
boop boop
alright guys we'll see you
is home in the fear
good Hornets I guess
can't say it
I am
and
