did you see his salt lamp okay another
one yeah it's actually salt do you want
to try it
lick it it'll be salty why good morning
Internet
in honor of national dinosaur day which
is today May 15th
we got a funtastic Dino tastic vlog
today oh look it's my two favorite
internet babies good morning Finlay I
like your PJs yes I do look at those PJs
he's all decked out in dinos good
morning guys
yes today is actually national dinosaur
day
oli it's Dino stay stay happy Dino stay
yeah come here come say how did I know
good morning
ah ah I'm gonna H oh ah ah hey Olli can
you show me your shirt what's on it whoa
a big old dinosaur huh hey happy
dinosaur day predict day love you is
that me on your shirt what whoa that's
pretty nifty I think I have a shirt with
Olli on it you gettin dinosaur kisses oh
I love your class Finn those are
roartastic
ah in honour of it being dinosaur day
we're gonna gather up all of Olli and
Finn's dinos oh you got another one put
them bite Rex
there we go think we got one up here as
well good ol Arlo huh wha
what other Dinitz do you have Olli yeah
yeah rummage in for Dinah oh we got a
dino truck yes set that down with the
other dinos set an extra Rex Olli let's
see how many Dino toys you have k hey go
find some more any more Dino toys oh you
have your Triceratops let's set that
right next to Arlo awesome any more
another Dino grab it oh yes that's your
other dinosaur whoa let's set that next
to the Triceratops another one okay
what other times where you have keep
looking oh yeah bring them over here you
got another one oh yeah any more Olli
keep looking he thought another one yeah
put it with the crowd put it with the
crowd put him right here right in front
since he's little there you go did you
find
another one oh wow put him over there oh
yeah put that one with the crowd set him
right here in front of the dyno truck
okay that's quite a crowd of dinos pull
dolly to find knowledge dinosaur toys
and he just keeps fighting dinosaur toys
all right put him in the crowd put him
in the crowd yeah put him in front of
Arlo hey good job right there in honor
of national dinosaur day I thought that
Ollie and I would sing a song to all of
his dino toys it's a song that we
actually wrote together right Ollie we
wrote a song together about dinosaurs
member yeah we're gonna sing it to all
your Dino friends okay yeah yeah yeah
all right okay we're gonna sing our
dinosaur song okay to all your kind of
friends okay sing with me okay dinosaur
dinosaur anybody dinosaur dinosaur
dinosaur let me let me hear you roar
roar roar that was quite a roar dinosaur
dinosaur itty bitty dinosaur dinosaur
dinosaur let me let me hear you roar
roar that was quite a roar dinosaur
dinosaur itty bitty dinosaur
yay did you like that song I think all
your title friends loved it too huh yeah
oh you wanna sing it again
okay well sing it like maybe 100 more
times dinosaur dinosaur itty bitty
dinosaur 2,000 years later let me let me
hear you roar rah rah that was quite a
roar whoo I am tired we sing that song a
hundred times yeah
all right high five love you happy
dinosaur day you've been asking to go
look for Dino eggs for like three days
now we're gonna do this foot and you
brought yourself a spoon why you have a
spoon to dig them up dig them up yeah
all right well let's see what your fine
we're hopping in the Polaris guys we're
going on a dino egg adventure okay you
excited I think you and Mom should ride
in the very back
looking for Dino eggs let's see if we
can find anything k Olli you got to be
really careful really quiet - yeah
huh what did you find
dig it out with your spigot out with a
spoon buddy oh my gosh is there an
actual egg out here Missy gosh Ollie you
found an egg it's an egg
okay keep digging Tommy you got it
without the water yeah I do you think
there's any more on your though poor hey
go put in the flips go put in the
players and then keep looking
Missy there's actual Dino eggs on our
property right now found wine what the
heck if anyone's gonna find Dino is
gonna be oli right yeah I know when we
bought this house the real estate agent
said that long ago it used to be an
ancient dig site Wow let's put it in the
players and keep it safe okay whoa whoa
whoa it's actually moving around in
there yeah you feel it you feel that I
can feel it
oh my gosh your dinosaur careful
oh the Raptor is protecting that egg
Olly be careful honey
okay I'll hold the Raptor Raptor was
keeping that little egg safe but we
found it
you
like a dino tooth what is it ah it's
okay to swipe them on your pants what do
we find
turn-key what's let me see art you found
it Dino tooth hold it up let me see
whoa we're finding all sorts of Dino
treasures huh whoa and you found this
cool heart Wow
oh yeah I got you a projection from the
wants to eat us it's not if we cook its
eggs oh yeah we gotta take them home and
see what's in them
ah let's go
all right Ali now that we're back home
and we took control of the dinosaur
let's go see what we got
all right ollie so we got you to Dino
eggs today yeah let's put them in the
water and then they're gonna hatch put
them both in there we go
yep gotta make sure they fill up with
water
so all in addition to the eggs what else
did we find yeah show me so you got the
Dino tooth ah whoa and a heart let me
see the heart that is so cool oh that
was a good present for Mama
so although we got to wait for these
eggs hatch okay okay they might take a
couple days but we'll keep a close eye
on them get me
they only that Dino almost got you hon
we had to run away yeah but we got away
from that and Raptor Raptors are
actually really dangerous you want to
pet a raptor that could be problematic
you know because they bite and they eat
little voice oh yeah so let we'll leave
this outside so that the Dino eggs can
sit in some nice water and then they'll
hatch soon k okay Olli give me five good
adventure huh
what Ollie what it cracked open oh my
gosh a lift I know wait for this in the
hatch now huh let me see oh dude that is
so cool
ha ha that one all broke nice huh
that is awesome look at this little
dinosaur Ollie God yeah the big one we
have to wait for okay Liv is over
hanging out with Ollie Maisie actually
did a ton of stuff to Ali's room today
she hung all of that she put those
stickers up what do you think of Ali's
room how do you pray yeah that's called
a teepee silly did you see his moose
head look the look around where do you
see it
where's the moose head keep looking look
up high where ollie
oh it's way up there not cool yeah did
you see his salt lamp I can't really
worry yeah this is his nightlight it's
actually salt do you want to try it
look it'll be salty no Ollie lick your
lamp
show him oh hey oh you won't pay to lick
it Liv you get a you give it a little
lick it's salty we did if I do it that
was a really yucky it was thought it's a
salty try it yes I did
here try it it's really interesting it's
salty no okay so no one's gonna lick the
lamp and I just licked it that's not
fair
alright you guys we're gonna go on end
today's vlog Ollie did you have a really
fun dinosaur day yeah that was so fun
huh
alright Hale if you have a question for
them
I don't think of one what's your
favorite dance well let me know in the
comment oh that's a good one what's your
favorite dinosaur let us know in the
comments below thank you guys so much
for watching if you enjoyed today's
video be sure to give it a thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up a subscribe leave a
comment check out all those leaks it
we'll see you manana ally what do you
say hey dinosaur dinosaur itty-bitty
dinosaur dinosaur dinosaur let me let me
hear you roar roar roar that was quite a
roar dinosaur dinosaur itty bitty dies
