hey oli is dead are the best is mama the
best I did not tell them say that good
morning
we're so excited Kelsie is at swim
school with us and oli is meeting us
here and we are gonna go to swim hi baby
did you have fun with Mimi and Papa yeah
okay
you saw aunty yeah Wow let's go
is ready for his class
the girls have arrived how was swim
class good aren't they amazing swimmers
really are it's really cool and it's so
good swimming underwater like really the
first time I was like okay you start
bringing a GoPro to class yeah getting
it like he's he only likes spluttered
like one time uh-huh under many times
and every time he just closed his mouth
under yeah that's awesome they brought
lunch chick-fil-a we just had to add all
the unused sauces to our sauce bag I
know I look at these on top menus oh
yeah these get attitude this is in case
of a zombie apocalypse happens and we're
craving a chick-fil-a sauces so we just
keep all the extra ones in here then
they go right there all right Missy is
hopping on the new ATV she's gonna go
riding with Kelsie yeah all right be
safe out there babe
well girls how was it fine yes that's a
lot I know I saw you exploring a lot of
different trails like easy to ride oh
really there's not really a lot of place
you can go just kind of dead ends and
then like better like you know yeah look
at you on this little ninety what do you
think
wait easier to drive yeah it hardly has
any power though yeah good morning buddy
how was your now hey did you have so
much fun at Mema and Poppa's what'd you
do did you play
did you watch drastic world yeah Papa
always lets you watch that movie huh oh
fini fini fini how is swim class Finny
did you swim underwater getting some
papa time some Papa snuggles some puppet
now it's time to say goodbye Kelsey and
Corbin are wandering off to go do
something crazy and we're gonna live
vicariously through you guys three
videos oh yes yes maybe meet them a
couple times job yes that would be dope
you guys are not subscribed to these two
crazy people we love them you'll love
them go check them out links down below
in the description and on the screen
Lally it's time to say goodbye ok give
Corbin a hug and say bye Holly Hobbie I
love you go say bye to Kelsey she's
gonna miss you Ali say bye say thanks
for coming over
say I love you
love you
Ollie what have we got
bb-8 Holly broke out the bb-8 I was like
okay I'll Drive him around for you let
him go ready
whoa he's gonna get you I'm gonna get
you oh I gave you a hug all right here
he goes there he goes going around the
office
oh man into that oh no what's he doing
he's playing hide and seek
there he goes oh I think he's hiding
Ollie can you count say one three
go get him to fast BBA BBA has he gone
nine night kay give my kiss night-night
okay let's put him in bed he goes in my
handy-dandy charging station right there
say night-night
pills today hey you guys
please don't expel Holly what are we
listening to Dino songs you're right he
asked me before we got on the cars like
killers in the Dino song so I said sure
and so when frying on the car his music
just on my picture not easily goes fast
with this album right yeah John Cooper
yeah really called Dino song it is
really nice to listen to good it's
almost like real music but just all
about dinosaurs it's just like a guy in
his guitar just yeah and like teaching
kids about that laughs yeah we are now
at Babies R Us because we've been
wanting to get a rocker for Finn Finn
has been walking up and cruising and
being crazy in the house and he's
growing so fast and I know once we could
have a walker he's gonna start walking
so we want to get him yeah just one of
those things that he like hangs on to
and it has the wheels and he can like
move himself yeah
see if that works like you remember you
don't remember
hey Ollie is dead are the best is mama
the best I did not say that all right we
just got home we put things new Walker
together it's actually called a tracker
really yeah I don't know why they call
him that but yes it doesn't really look
like a walk yeah were you high one of
these flash bag yeah I know this thing
actually I think taught Ollie to walks
lesson so we picked one up for Finn
Holly can you show him how it works oh
that's how you do it - that's how you
learn to walk okay good job Finn hey
push it push it real good try it thin
can you push whoa
Ben are you learning to walk keep
walking
what do you think about that buddy
Oh Mikey I'm like oh now that I think
about it I'm pretty sure that all I use
this water in these pajamas oh really
that's funny probably alright I change
the sensitivity of these legs so that
they'll move a little easier
want to see if that helps I'm here oh
goodness dig oh my gosh dang good at
that I feel like it's what jammas might
be hindering a little bit so I get
cotton dress me but Wow
good job oli be careful buddy like watch
me I can jump go Finn Govan good job
buddy he's doing so good Oh like a
really good crawler so that's pretty
dang good for your first try buddy yeah
all right you guys that is all for
today's vlog vlog but we have blasphemy
your brother he's walking oli yeah he's
walking huh that's so cool
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment check out
all those things down below in the
description take guys so much for
watching I'll see you manana oli what do
you say
Oh
good morning it's a kiss
I'd say it
I am home
