Angi got it for you what's it called you
can you say bow and arrow say it again
oh oh good morning guys
I got really sunburned like really
sunburned
hmm what's going on with my hair right
now look this little spot right here
always curls like I'm a greaser or
something good morning guys how are you
yes I got very submerged we spent like
three or four hours in the pool
yesterday I did not put on a sunscreen
because I'm in idiots basically had a
lot of trouble sleeping because I am as
red as a lobster well would you look at
that another beautiful day great thing
about California there's no shortage of
beautiful days and we got these two
girls hanging out under a makeshift
shade you just put two chairs on top of
each other to create a shade what buddy
you want a towel all right is there any
in there oh just a couple grab one grab
it wrap yourself up in it
oh is that nice Oh how's that buddy okay
and look who's over here korban hard at
work working away
chillin eating all our goldfish yeah
this is like the best work space ever
now we have this cool little sitting
area and you could just sit out here and
gaze at the beautiful trees and drink
your coffee and eat your eat your
goldfish or piyo all ice and goldfish
look at he's so excited you just
lounging right here okay I'm gonna put
your goldfish right there okay buddy
okay you comfy why it's you don't want
him on there here
I'll set him on the table then k/u
lounge right there this kid knows how to
do summer you guys chillin this is just
what you did last year in Florida -
that's your Karma no hi Karma hi Ali's
Karma
how you doing buddy he's funny huh your
bathing suit is on and this is how far
the chicken coop fencing is nearly
finished just needs a couple more board
and then we're gonna put the chicken
wire around it and I think today our
chicken coop actually comes which is
awesome but it doesn't come put together
we're gonna have to put it together
so that's kind of a bummer we're almost
there guys good morning guys I'm out
here with Kelsey and we're just hanging
out chilling by the pool which is really
nice Karma's bringing us the ball a lot
and Brian's been really nice to watch
the kids and actually for a while we
actually had both the kids and we're
swimming with them but now we're just
hanging out together and so nice I
really feel like I get to do stuff like
this so it's just fun that Kelsey's here
cuz if you guys don't know she's getting
ready to leave on her very long trip
probably see her in like seven months
but she be gone for a while so and then
we got to have a couple days just to
relax before they're off on their trip
which I'm excited for I love watching
their vlogs it's so much fun to just get
to see them like do what they're doing
you guys are having fun yeah it's pretty
exciting yeah they've like been talking
about doing this for years and I was
always like okay I'm sure that's gonna
happen and they just made it happen okay
I'm sure you know at this one like you
guys can make anything happen if that's
what you want to do you can do it
alright this little guy is all ready to
be out of his bathing suit huh yeah mama
told me to come get you and put a diaper
on you you want to travel on this thing
okay Danny all right climb on remember
how we used to do this okay wait wait
here get off turn around there you go
you ready all right let's go put a dive
on yeah do you remember doing this all
the time yeah yeah we had so much fun
huh hmm
gotta get a diaper on this little baby
boy all right ha ha that's the way to
travel
so when me and Brian used to live in
Boise we had a little apartment and
Kelsey would come over all the time and
we had a community pool and we would
literally sit at the pool from like the
time we woke up all day long and we'd
only come back to make salad that's what
we did I remember that until you start I
know Caesar salad all this just yeah I
just salad yeah you're like in the Sun
and Sun like a refreshing like salad
with grapes we literally went eat grapes
this is the chicken that I made
yesterday yeah salad sounds good and
then we found this salad in the fridge
and then we just made it with some
leftover chicken and it looks so good
and it reminds us of when we used to
hang out on Boise at our apartment and
just chill all summer long I was like
the best summer ever and uh we like had
no responsibilities we could do whatever
we wanted we just can do today yeah yeah
that was the best whoa Ollie where'd you
get that Baron bow and arrow yeah
where'd you get it
Oh No that's it come me auntie auntie
Gotti got it for you what's it called
can you say bow and arrow say it again I
was hoping maybe he would say it like
rock card said it on the Jade's arts
because I was hilarious
yes you got a bow and arrow from aunty
what do you eat in dude that's good
peanut butter and jelly yeah yeah dang
he is all it to things like licking it
babe oh really oh and you got the arrows
huh mm-hmm
Holly just gets to play the bow you get
to play with the arrows perfectly yeah
it's okay he's just gonna play with it
okay yeah I know but he Finn really
wants to play with it no say that's okay
Finn
see it's okay so I'm just sitting you're
eating lunch and look what I see when I
look over it's Abby there it is Brian
kill it
I'm here to rescue you hopefully I
actually kill it
oh my bed e3 kids are boo yeah I knocked
about he's sleeping he's doing Ollie
let's take that thing out before it fit
just to eat it we do stay back man there
you go okay you just sleep in say night
night night night B okay so we have
literally been just sitting at the pool
just hanging out being just really chill
it's been really really nice day I'm
actually a little bird I shouldn't have
gotten so bird but I got burned a little
bit but tonight we're going on a little
double date with Kelsey at Corbin and so
Ollie is spending the night with Mimi
and Papa Saul is gonna tell you
everything that we're that he packed for
Mimi Papa's all right Ali's got his
minion backpack and what did you pack in
here ollie
oh well so you brought some diapers
right yeah and what are these white boy
you packed a little book so that mean
can read him a little book before bed
hmm
and which one of us is this joke we
bought he brought a little toy truck so
we can play and what's this good shorts
and he brought Sly Fox high-fives and
good vibes t-shirt to wear tomorrow and
what else
scaring I can fry his pajamas Star Wars
pajamas so with pajamas and outfit
diapers white and a nice book and a toy
you should be ready to go see Mimi and
Papa right okay let's pack it up let's
put it on yeah you go up the other way
there you go you can go have fun yeah
okay show me your backpack
give it there you go all right you can
have fun yeah I love you I'm gonna miss
you you can go with Papa okay see you
later
oh yeah oh yeah I'll put his shoes and
socks on alright you go see if I ready
daddy go here you go say bye bye he's in
his room hi baby you can go see the
night at noon Papas have lots of fun
okay you know watch dinosaurs yeah yummy
food can we kiss hmm
be good for them okay okay love you
he's so cute yeah we are out of the
house ollie is that a sleepover with
Mimi and Papa which is amazing and then
amazing yeah thanks so cool that we can
do things like that right 99
getting food dude look at that oh yeah
thank you so much
I am do you like do you watch you - oh
what's your name shut up that's Chris -
she watches YouTube so we're on a little
double date with our friends Kelsey and
Corbin we actually sat at this exact
table at this exact restaurant last time
you guys were here he was asleep though
now he's awake and he's like entertain
me yeah he's eating the food yeah we
just let him eat anything and everything
so he's eating the food I just got my
burger though looking at you guys they
branded the name of the restaurant 1909
into the bun that's so dope I got a
bison burger you got the regular one and
they did it - no yep cool all right hot
tub hi guys we're ending the vlog I got
calcium carbon were hanging out there's
one last time before they head out on
their big trip they are traveling the
world that way but really like kinder
we're gonna get we're doing a huge -
across Canada down the East Coast yeah
I'm excited they're bugs are so awesome
I love it as soon as they come up I'm
like they just have the cutest one you
guys you don't pick them out go
subscribe click the link down below I'm
just so excited for them I love them the
leash but anyways we're gonna end the
vlog filming to give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it
in the freezer
good morning it's a kiss
can't say I am home
and
