look at you guys Holly can you make the
sound of a siren go wee-wee good morning
guys good morning karma and good morning
oli morning hey oli guess what I have a
special cup for you this morning
hmm you're gonna be super surprised yeah
you ready is that Buzz Lightyear always
not so cool he's shooting his laser yeah
yes do you like that Cup yeah okay
good morning at have you there is two
buzz on it yeah
just made always some breakfast he's got
pancakes blueberry syrup but yes it is a
glorious morning I have yet to put up
the blinds in the house because I'm kind
of enjoying the darkness but it is a
little chilly so I'm going to turn on
the fireplace oh man that was so
difficult had to make all that Kinlan
roll up all that newspaper light it blow
on it make sure it's perfect now this is
amazing
automatic fireplaces y'all it's awesome
sig puts out heat to eight heats of this
whole room which is pretty amazing you
doing good yeah you lick the stir up
yeah make sure you eat those pancakes -
buddy Kay there's our hot and fresh yeah
good morning Finn what are you doing
he's dreaming about being outside too
huh yeah all he's out there playing in
the little water table it is a beautiful
day already
sunny and warm it's gonna be a warm one
today Missy's getting the bed all made
yeah with our platform bed you almost
have to make it or it just looks
terrible yeah cuz it's super low if
people walk into our room the first
thing you see is just like a terribly
messy bed yeah I like your shirt
thanks yeah Sly Fox wife leafy and it's
actually like so comfortable I wore like
the other day in it I call your wifey
all the time too oh yeah there you go
there's the Y super comfy cute Finn is
about to climb up and bounce on the bed
just like your brother does huh look how
mobile he is he's just cruising along I
really think that we need to get him the
little Walker thing that we had frolic
do we have all these old one yeah we
should definitely get one because I feel
like he wants to hold on to something
and you can maybe start moving these
chunky little legs these little thunder
thighs of yours you got these thunder
thighs I was thinking know how nuts it
would be if he actually did start
walking at six months cuz he's so little
yeah it would be crazy you don't know
that you don't know that you don't know
that he's chasing he's like pick me up
mom pick me up pick me up pick up
already nice in here for too long then
he shows climbing me in like he wants
his mama there we go
yeah there we go what'd you find
oh my gosh you found a little baby snail
didn't you how can you go snail in an
active little booger yeah you can you
can hold it hey Kiki it tickles no don't
put it on Finn just put it out there Oh
No
who is it there's a dinosaur there's a
little dinosaur in my bathroom who is it
it's oli what are you wearing dude Oh a
warm towel a dino warm hooded towel and
what kind of Dino is it dad Triceratops
good job oh look it even has little
spots for your hands put your hands in
here put your hands in this one oh my
goodness let me see you run around like
a dino I also got him a shark one no I'm
not done done Dandan dad young gun gun
yeah
Dinah's versus shot who's gonna win ah
I'm gonna win
our bar hey Olli who do you think would
win a dinosaur or shark guy yet tiny
nose probably hey you gotta you gotta
attack me with your horns oh that was a
good hit dude yeah you have horns huh
you have horns and eyeballs and a cute
little tail ah Janice or there's a crazy
dinosaur Melissa I'm swimming I'm
swimming swimming away from the dinosaur
swimming away from the dinosaur swimming
away
ah yeah we can't put him in the water
those are cool headed towels huh it's
dad that's the best yeah pretty much uh
someone attacked the camera you silly
shark you playing as a shark now yeah
dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan dan
dan dan
yeah i'm honey playing a shark
d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v c
with me yo u x XY & z now i know my abc
next time won't you sing with me alright
point to me then the z good job and
where's the a where's a although at the
beginning it's all the way at the
beginning of the song all he's getting a
little lesson in the alphabet singing
his ABCs right buddy hey Ali what are we
doing yeah yeah dinos yeah right so we
have been wanting to incorporate
dinosaurs into always room for a while
now just to make it a little more fun
and interesting for him we finally
picked up some diner stuff so we are
going to decorate it right now we have
not done YouTube magic in quite a long
time do you want to try and do some yeah
alright come over here we have a messy
old bed let's make it roar ready
abracadabra
look at that what do you think buddy
we made your bet it looks so great
Wow that's what his pillow says you're
dressing up as dinos and now you get to
sleep with all the diner's tonight yep
okay or when you take an na P yeah he's
got his little Dino pillow pet which he
loves it's like his thing it's got all
kinds of pillows and all kind of
dinosaurs we even have a couple little
extra white hello to cuz he's been
needing a little bit more and then this
is the pillow that came with the
comforter yeah look at that Oh roar rah
rah and then it's got all dead dinos on
the other side I got it from Target and
it was like super good price for like
all this cool Dino sound yeah Olly would
actually love that because we haven't
changed his bed look at your free pillow
oh it's like a puppy dog you cuddle it
ahh
you ready to hit it you're funny we also
got these cool little dinosaur hangings
this isn't pretty funny so it's high
five it has t-rex trying to do the high
five and there's a Oh be careful careful
you can't step on that buddy you get
hurt that's a dinosaur yeah they were in
the same section of the bedding so I
grabbed him and maybe we can put him on
that wall maybe oh you're driving a fire
truck dang dude those are some sick
wheels yeah Finn is testing out a rug
for the living room and we are at living
spaces because we have a couple of
things to look for furniture wise with
the house he wants to drive in the fire
truck to can he be the puppy dog and
then you could be the fireman kay look
at you guys
Holly can you make the sound of a siren
go wee wee the boys riding together
right and dirty get on your boat oh
you're going right way for a smacked
bottom
turn around yeah you do
all right we're in the rug section and I
can't seem to find Olly anywhere Olly
where are you
Holly Holly where are you sir oh hi Tim
hi were you scared
all right we ended up changing out this
rug to a different color it's the same
exact style rug so it's super soft but
we got a gray one instead of like the
buttered popcorn one which I wasn't a
big fan of
yeah I love this rug because when it
thin falls it's like oh it's it's super
plush and amazing yeah yeah so that
looks cool and then we actually just got
something really cool in the mail from
Etsy it's an L planter and it's full of
like real live succulents so we're
actually gonna put this with all the
other ales that are gonna go right up
here so now we're just getting a really
good plethora of different types of
letters
well not types of letters they're all
ales but yeah these are all real so have
fun watering that yeah you could just
spread some I guess but it's so cool
yeah they're really nice huh wood is you
can smell the soil love that that's he's
got cool stuff so who was our else yeah
I feel like I need a couple more to fill
up the space but it's gonna look really
neat all righty
it is a fin yz9 night time yeah all you
want to come see nine eight - Finn come
give him a little kiss on the head get
me get missed Finn like that I thought
that was cute yeah give mama
good Nick night-night man I love you all
right then it's about time you started
pulling your weight around here okay you
got to help me end the vlog tonight okay
so first what I want you to say is
thanks for watching okay I guess I'll
help him out thanks for watching today's
vlog you guys I hope you had a blast
we all had a very fun day hanging on
together if you enjoyed today's vlog be
sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe leave a comment and we'll see
a manana Holly gonna help me on the blog
your buzz
instead
this is hard
Hornets are kissing
I'd say yeah
I am home
Oh
