vini is ready to ride the hoverboard
aren't you you don't need to write it
dude you zip around this place without
it
good morning Martin what you got
Missy left for Home Depot with her dad
we're gonna go to church okay you gonna
hang out with pay and live I'll go to
church - okay okay you got your car and
your fish you ready
you got you rockin your adidas
superstars like - we're matching okay
I'll look at that big old fountain it's
so big huh I'm gonna say a wish wish
that's the church yeah don't drop your
car in there come on let's go okay well
we were walking around the fountain and
then all he decided to throw his card
Holle why'd you do that no no I gotta
get it I'm gonna call him
daddy to the rescue hey don't throw that
in there good okay
Katie
good morning guys me my dad Finn are all
at Home Depot
we're grabbin wood wood for our chicken
coop that's right we get to finally
start working on the chicken coop we're
gonna start building it we're picking up
all the wood I'm excited I'm thinking
today we'll be done with the just the
fence part and then we'll work on the
inside we'll get our chicken coop and
then we can get all right we've got all
the wood that we need we've got our
chicken fence we've got some lights to
put on top for like decor and also just
to have light back there and in there
solar power just kind of cool we've got
an easy gate assemble box and we've got
ourselves a truck we had to run a check
just to get all this stuff in the house
but it's actually really nice because
I'm always like I can't do anything
because I don't have a truck I think
we're gonna need to buy a truck pretty
soon here but really nice that you can
just like rent one of these really
easily and get whatever you need and
float it up all right we are loaded up
let's head out dad right well that
didn't last too long but he did pretty
good right after worship I put him in
the nursery and he was in there for
maybe 30 minutes I think church is
almost over but he got a little sad cuz
I wasn't there were you having fun with
pay no you just didn't want to play
anymore I'm sowwy kind of a bummer but
every I feel like every time we put him
in the nursery he laughs just a little
bit longer so he's doing really good you
see a pterodactyl is it work good mm-hmm
okay
we rented one of these things too so I
could dig our holes pretty quick
maybe it should be on the condom hmm
it should be on the on button its
flipped over to off
in some down
you doing mister are you driving the car
you can't drive data has to drive I
Drive you can't drive get to the back
mister let's go every time I put a mask
I see if I don't buckle him in right
away he goes straight to the front seat
come on dude let's go all right guys it
is time to dig holes let's do this
you
are you sure you know what you're doing
Wow I see sort of
okay let it go
I think dad's better at this oh yeah
oh shoot you sure it's not like Pike Oh
take that out yeah
that cruise home dies down the car it's
gonna go to Kashi story was like I
should drop them off and go that
yeah for sure okay have a nice nap he's
out
check out my sexy wife builder yo
looking good you post that picture on
snapchat and I was like oh yeah no yeah
I'm fun yeah a lot of fun I love
building stuff with my dad and he knows
what he's doing which is like okay we
don't know which yeah okay I'm going to
the grocery store stuff for barbecue for
tomorrow I'm sure there's no one at the
grocery store doing what I'm doing I
love you mmm
I give you a kiss at the camera but I'll
give you a real one all right we've got
our other little helper out here you're
gonna help dig some holes
you got a baby shovel and always been
such a big help
look at that no you're doing good Wow
does he like what pop is doing he just
dug that hole and now we got to fill the
hole in with dirt and stuff okay okay
you can help us today well not that one
that would be counterproductive but I
know come on we're gonna probably put
all the dirt into that hole okay
you
look at this you guys starting to come
together
all you helping out with your little
shovel you want more concrete no we
don't need more concrete how's it going
baby it's taking shape yeah that's nice
cool hey no he's so Andy I'm not handy
at all so it's cool that we have him
this is gonna be a nice-sized little
chicken area though Ollie let's not hey
hey buddy let's not play in the concrete
okay you been out here filling in holes
play with the dirt Kay no use your
shovel now your hands he's so confused
like what do you want me to do
got all the posts in the ground we can't
created them we're thinking we weren't
going to use concrete but I think it's
good okay so you got concrete and now
we're gonna let it dry and then we'll
frame it out and then we'll basically
have a chicken coop let me a few more
things fewer sets up with a chicken coop
it's looking pretty cool I really like
it I'm excited that me my dad are doing
it together
oMG you guys look at what is finally
charged yeah I actually got a charger on
Amazon because we lost mine in the move
so we just charged this bad boy and I
been so excited to ride these things
around the new house here we go
hopefully it doesn't make a mess Oh
looks good ratting on a scooter in the
new house rat and on a scooter in so
much tile oh my gosh Missy our house was
made for writing scooters this is so
much fun dude you gotta get on the other
one we got a race yeah cuz you finally
got a picture I know I got only got one
charger so the other with sugar thank
you really why I haven't ridden this in
a long time but you know it's just like
riding your bike you hop on you
instantly know how oh hello aunt seats
here what do you guys do in mini and you
haven't watched that in a while
I feel like the universe's is restored
I'm riding my scooter Oliver's watching
minions all is right with the world
oh let's go over here and go into my
bedroom
let's go over here into my bathroom ooh
this is just really cool you guys I miss
riding my scooter so much fun do a
circle around my conference table do bee
do bee do bee do bee do bee do bee do
bee do we do what yeah
excuse me chair Oh almost go get it go
get that alligator the alligators gonna
attack you oh no all he does not gently
do anything no he never gently does it
Finny is ready to ride the hoverboard
aren't you you don't need to write it
dude you zip around this place without
it Missy what is happening here what is
happening here with this right now
found Pinterest called chicken cordon
bleu castle
oh I love me some chicken cordon bleu so
it's basically just like layered as a
casserole yeah it's just a chicken hand
cheese and then like Ritz cracker crust
on Oh hot dang that is cool
look who's here guys Garrett showed up
he brought his awesome ATV and we're
gonna ride around the property for a
little bit
so do you think Brian realized that he's
wearing white boy shoes right now
brand-new white shoe my boys are about
to be I'm hot but I've got a TV Brown
give this to you first time on it let's
do it
so much fun oh my gosh Garrett's
actually selling that ATV and I think
we're gonna get it because we've been
looking for a couple extra ones
oh my gosh I'm so sleepy you guys you've
been hanging out in the hot tub having a
blast but yeah that's all for today's
vlog hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment and check
out all those links down below in the
description hope you had an awesome
Memorial Day
and this is hard
in
good morning attack isn't
can't say it
I am home
Oh
