so today we're actually recording a
snippet from this is home which will be
used in the intro and it feels really
cool actually being in the studio
singing it cuz I did that like two years
ago yes over two years it's been a long
time you guys I was the first single I
release and it kind of started this
whole thing for us it was cool to be
back in the studio we're just doing a
little snippet portion for the intro
good morning guys I've got Finn here and
he's taking a little nap on me and we're
actually watching Cullen and Katie and
all he's just hanging out Missy made me
such a good breakfast you guys it was
amazing I got to sleep in a little bit
she made me a super yummy breakfast so
thank you babe I love you you're amazing
I just got a bunch of work done in my
office we're actually getting things
together for the new intro that we're
gonna have on this channel so hopefully
we can film that within the next three
or four days tonight actually Jeffrey
and I are going to the studio because
I'm going to record rerecord a snippet
this is home and we're going to be
including that in the intro I hope it's
gonna be cool I have plans for it so
hopefully it's gonna be cool cuz I'm
thinking about it for like weeks now
wanting to do a new intro I have to shut
this door because I think we're about to
leave but also this morning I actually
opened up all the doors in the house
because it felt so amazing outside and I
wanted some of that nice cool air to
come into the house it's really cool
about being where we're are we're a
little bit more elevated so we get like
a nice cool breeze almost all day been
super refreshing right now we are in the
process of changing out all of our
hangers in our closet
Missy got started this morning we're
using these new ones they're black they
have a little Ridge and they're actually
velvet so the clothes stay on them a lot
nicer I think they look a lot better
what do you guys think I think they look
a lot better with the black on the white
so that'll be nice to have some nice
hangers we've been collecting these
white plastic ones for many years but
it's time to say goodbye
alright Ollie I think we gotta put some
shoes on UK
ah hey yeah yeah you hear dinos the
dinosaur surprise you sometimes you say
the weirdest things
alright we're gonna put on your shoes
okay buddy oh this is your this is your
left foot our pie I know you keep saying
you want a surprise but I don't know if
you're gonna get a surprise guess what
in July it'll be your birthday and then
you'll get a surprise okay you're gonna
get lots of surprises okay what kind of
birthday party do you and a half Oh dad
yes Dino is you want dinosaurs to come
yeah if we can get your dinosaur buddy
okay and then it will go roar but you
won't be scared right yes
yeah we'll miss you you don't have to be
scared dinosaurs hey Ollie did you know
that we don't know what color dinosaurs
were yeah because we don't have any
other skin all we have are their bones
so they could be purple
or what other color could they be I know
Gil blue they could be blue yeah outfit
of the day
Ollie and I are all dressed and ready
for the day and look at our shoes ollie
whoa we're matching huh
do you think that's cool yeah all he's
wearing his daddy's little sidekick
shirt looking fly huh someone couldn't
hang guys he's passed out in the
stroller which is kind of a good thing
look at that little belly but that
little belly gr now at Burger lounge
getting some lunch we're hanging out
with Jeffrey
him and I are actually headed to the
studio in about an hour to go report but
Missy's never been to this place I've
only been once and what are we like
raves about it yeah shakin is very good
so chocolate shake is ace
oh yeah all right before the boys leave
us we decided to go play the splash pad
for a little bit are you excited he just
will go from a nap but he's been talking
about this for like two or three days
now he's been wanting to go so we're
gonna take you to sweatshirt you're
gonna play play play okay okay yay are
you excited you can go play in the water
with them all right then oli is not you
know showing you up on the whole water
thing so you're gonna have to show him
up and show it how it's done okay we're
gonna let him play in the water a little
a little bit cold though come here what
do you think of that Finn they called
kind of cool wrong he's like um
you
all right boy did you guys have fun yeah
we got cooled off and now we gotta
figure out what else we're gonna do with
our day daddy's gone what are we gonna
do you want to fall down it sounds like
a great idea I love it
all right Jeffrey and I are now at the
studio and I know a ton of you guys have
been asking for a new intro on the vlog
and we're working on it so today we're
actually rear according a snippet from
this is home which will be used in the
intro and it feels really cool actually
being in the studio singing it cuz I did
that like two years ago
yes but over two years it's been a long
time you guys I was the first single I
release and it kind of started this
whole thing for us so feels cool to be
back in the studio we're just doing a
little snippet portion for the intro
wherever you are that's where ever wanna
be Oh
something sad big blue
this is home
all right now that I've got the kids all
to myself I got to fuel up and I don't
mean the car hi can I get a grande iced
chai Roddy I say yeah
that's what I'm talking about okay I'm
gonna keep wearing we're working this
little area I'm getting it all ready for
the chickens the chicken coop will be
here really soon and then we get to pick
out our chicken so my first thing is
we're planning out where we want to put
our fence me and my dad are gonna like
rototill this all up we're gonna put
some grass down and make it look really
nice over here hopefully we have a nice
place to lay tickets so I'm excited to
get started on this little project
so my dad needs a little rope to tie
this onto his tractor and we didn't find
any rope so he's using this cord old if
it'll hold I don't know if it'll hold
this thing is no I guess we'll find out
Oh dad
I guess now
oh my god she got it I cannot even
believe this it's hanging on by like a
little like handle by a handle
that is so funny
I do
yeah you did it now how do we move this
thing I've no idea what this thing even
is no clue Stevens how to even start
with this you open up dad scoop it up
not sure about this one either how is my
dad such a genius genius I tell ya
anyone know that thing is though he made
a way through
let's do this
they're all broken up is looking really
good
hopefully we'll be ready to clean up
some crashed or something so we can do
fencing soon yay so Finn is trying a
date for the very first time and he
seems to be loving it like he is not
wanting to put it down since it touched
his mouth so I think dates seem to be a
hit for your first time prom you got
food
you got fruit yes you got blackberries
and blueberries and strawberries and
raspberries huh YUM and Chuck the hook
and you you got all kinds of food too
you got all your berries and peas and
carrots and he's got a couple little
snacks here just an assortment of all
kinds of foods huh that yummy yeah he's
definitely loving that date should be
interesting later wherever you are
that's where I wanna be
hi babe hi back home you did you have
fun day mm-hmm would you do today I got
the spot area or that spot ready for
chicken ooh chicken area get ready
I'm so excited I've been looking online
and chickens and I'm really excited
about it and the kids are in bed no
different like by the water park
yeah actually well he got a little cold
so I have a question for you yeah did he
get trapped I don't think so
hahaha one day he will be trapped in
water I'm sure you seem to be trapped
just got home
we had a long day the studio session
went really quick I got it basically
down in 30 minutes so it's gonna sound
really cool but that's all for today's
vlog hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
and leave a comment check all of these
down a little bit scription semen yeah
finn's
and this is
in the
so good Hornets are kissing
I'd say yeah
I am home
and
