you don't know I started a musically
profile in the blog today we're gonna
give you a little behind-the-scenes of
something Missy and I are doing together
good morning guys good morning Ollie
what are you doing oh you want a prize
what for waking up are you watching
trucks on TV oh that's cool
your playroom is so clean dude let's try
and keep it that way kay good morning
little Finley what are you doing what
are you doing oh wow someone has lots
energy this morning huh what do you find
ollie oh they're all gone yeah Mama and
Daddy hung out in the living room last
night and ate chips ahoy sorry oh you
want chocolate milk okay my day usually
starts with getting all a chocolate milk
what cup should we do donal cup cool let
me get you some honestly ever since
Ollie has had chocolate milk he doesn't
drink regular we will give him regular
and he'll be like now this yakky I want
chocolate but we've actually gotten
accustomed to putting like three drops
of chocolate in it and you can taste it
you want it hot well I think we're just
gonna do cold this morning kay buddy
so demanding in the morning this kid
gets hangry he's like so Jake hurry this
is how much chocolate oppa didn't watch
that's all I'll show you in a minute
hang on buddy then we go shake shake
shake shake shake shake shake your booty
a key to the chocolate milk dance check
them up Chuck a myth Tucker Tucker
Tucker move
took a minute took it to Kentucky milk
you wonder you want this morning buddy
what what do you want hi karma good
morning to you as well
good morrow then I usually make some
baby pancakes for Olli and what are you
eating right now okay cold pancake let
some frozen to healy eat like one frozen
one while I'm cooking these ones by the
way yes we do use gold paper plates
plastic plates whatever we're so fancy
in this house super fancy how's that
pancake buddy is that good yeah
thin like some dude all right Olli I got
your breakfast move your Dino thank you
how's that yeah you got pancakes manners
and raspberries you want some syrup what
do you say okay
telling you guys these kids are so
demanding in the morning sheesh you guys
this actually happened I tweeted Meghan
Trainor last night told her her new
album's dope cuz it is we've been
listening to it a lot and she quote
tweeted and said thank you heart eyes
emoji heart eyes emoji praying emoji the
actual Meghan Trainor and I'm not gonna
lie you guys I probably fan Boyd a
little we really do love Meghan Trainor
and we have the Meseta new album a ton
as a family we just like rock out and
dance and stuff so that was actually
really cool I just and I think she's
just awesome she's an awesome
inspiration in the music industry
because she started as a songwriter and
now she's an actual artist and she's
killing it her new music is actually
really cool
reminds me a lot of like old Britney
stuff too but yeah I've always liked
Meghan Trainor and I thought that was
really cool and she tweeted me so yeah
that was really cool and it actually be
a huge dream to get to work with her one
day can you guys imagine that oh man and
look what came guys I got a little
console table for under my shelf because
I had all this stuff sitting on the
ground I have my ps4 the router the
Apple TV my receiver and subwoofer it
was kind of all over here in a big mess
so I put it under my shelf and it kind
of contains all that I'll probably add
some like decor items and stuff to put
on it but it actually matches this table
to which I love I feel like my office is
pretty much complete so we are going to
doing an office tour very very soon
probably on Missy's channel she was
going to do a house tour series on her
channel so as we're finishing rooms
we're gonna be filming really nice
videos to show you how we decorated and
organized and all that fun stuff so look
out for that soon
oh my goodness and look at that huge
lizard oh my gosh it's fast do you see
him crazy outside there's so many
lizards out here you guys
alright you guys if you don't know I
started a musically profile and it's so
much fun and in the vlog today we're
gonna give you a little
behind-the-scenes of something Missy and
I are doing together
all right guys hey here as live is
holding the camera and we are gonna play
a little game in the play room for
playing the dinosaur matching game wanna
show them what it looks like we picked
out 10 cards that match are you ready
okay
it looks fun it does look fun all right
let's put the carrot here so they can
watch us um okay you go first and you
flip two cards flip another one
do they match no okay flip them over
yeah you good job we've got one I mean
she's go again just it's a big challenge
I guarantee foot
hmm that was a good guess
yeah that was a good guess oh I know it
now it is no you only get to flip two
and then you have for my over its two I
don't know you're just gonna flip focus
now does mine my beautiful fellow
doesn't know it was this one no you
can't you can't flip it no wasn't that
one either
Oh got it I get to go again alright
girls who's winning live you are Hey
third I'd like for coffee for matching
cards oh you're doing good they'll pay
dang it alright Ollie it's about time
you start pushing your weight around
here I need you to switch the water out
okay alright so let's take that empty
one out no no wait we got it it won't
fit because the empty ones in there so
grab that empty one grab that one good
job pull it out good job now take that
thing off the top good job
I'll hold on to that okay take that one
out and let's push that one in oh you
can do it good job
push it in all the way good job here all
right all yeah it's in there now we just
need to put that to be thing in there
put it in good job push it all the way
down is it all the way down can you push
it in the rest of the way
you got it buddy you got it
now shut it good job now we're gonna
have fresh cold water Ollie give a
high-five thanks for helping out all
right we are headed out of the house the
kids had great naps all you slept so
good you know that we are gonna go see
Jungle Book which I don't want to see it
for so long that at this point it's not
even like have like two showings yeah
that's two showings it's probably no one
in the theatre which is perfect because
I got two little kids one of them might
cry bin so I'm really looking forward to
though I'm really wanted to see it I am
watching that finger though back there
is every time I vlog for some reason his
fingers and his nose and I always watch
it bag and I think it's hilarious but
I'm like watching it we're watching you
ollie or can they catch you with that
finger in your nose it's so funny and
like these two years old is totally
normal but if I was two and I was
picking my nose would that be weird to
watch back like in five years I think
I'm all he's gonna love watching himself
taking those things too I mean super
innocent like he has no idea what he's
doing
yes he doesn't eat it so there was a
video of you when you were to pick your
nose you think it's super cute yeah I
agree I think I would think it's cute
too cuz he's - it's not normal no you
know if he's getting up there nage he
might be a little more fast
and there it goes you hear us talking
about it did is there something up there
you digging for treasure
oh you're looking for diner did you find
a dino in there yet can't find a dino in
your nose
are you should probably work it have you
ever found the Dino in there Olli oh my
golly no Ollie this good ollie ollie
we don't eat boogies case it's yucky
we don't use I knows from my nose yeah
that's so yucky like only doggies do
that but little boys they don't eat they
don't eat boogers que ya jungle bug we
pulled up and parts and he got so
excited he said yeah juggle buck
woo we're taking the snake into the
feeder que hizo excited 50 monkeys and
snakes a perfect Ennis
alright we're all going to the movies
right yeah what are we gonna go see
jungle bug yeah hey Liv what happened to
your eye
oh boy push me down
what that's so mean
I'm sorry does it hurt good all right
let's go to the movies yay oh no they're
all getting attacked by a giant shark
aah
all right everyone is all situated for
the movies huh yeah he's nice and how
much you got living pay down there
everyone's got popcorn and snacks and
drinks Oh get ready for dessert come on
Oh all right we just got out of the
movie Ollie what you think
did you like it did you like the Jungle
Book yeah what was your favorite part
the steak our yeah the entire time after
the snake part all he just kept asking
Wow
where'd the snake oh that's what he
asked the entire time he went bye-bye
yes I had to keep saying that the snake
won by the high
all right kids are in bed and it is so
late and I never had dinner so I'm
actually eating a bowl of oatmeal right
now and getting ready for bed so I'm
gonna go ahead and the vlogs
hope you guys enjoyed today's video give
a thumbs up if you did and we'll see
this mom
in the face
so good are you talking
I am I am
and that's where I wanna be yeah
wherever you're with me little hands
