hey guys before today's vlog starts I
want to let you know that the song that
I did with Khan and Jared is now up on
iTunes click right here to go check it
out it's also on Google Play and I
believe Amazon mp3 all the links to
download will be down below in the
description but we had a blast doing the
song hope you guys enjoy go check it out
we're so excited music videos coming
soon now onto today's vlog
say good morning Finn that was this good
morning good morning guys today is
Mother's Day and I am up with my little
guy and we are cooking breakfast from
mama we I gave him the whisks so that he
could practice how to mix so he's been
doing that he's so happy and full of
energy this morning and I am actually
whipping up some waffles so I got the
waffle mix all prepared at the waffle
iron all nice and hot ready and I got
bacon sizzling over here nothing like
the sight smell and sound of bacon
sizzling in the morning ooh look at that
glorious fresh waffle that's a beauty
right there also in our kitchen we've
yet to really use this but this is a
warming drawer
and I turned it on it's actually is nice
and warm so I'm gonna keep all my
waffles in there so that they stay nice
and toasty while I'm cooking all right I
got the tray all set we got a little
flour some Gatorade which I know she'll
want waffles bacon syrup strawberries
and even got a little bowl of Apple
Jacks because Ollie is kind of attached
to her this morning and he will love to
munch on those while she's eating this
breakfast
only what are you doing he sit when mama
good morning have breakfast for you it's
all fresh and hot and ready Holly can
you say happy Mother's Day
yeah I got a little bull Applejack's for
you well for Olly cuz he's kind of
attached to you this morning another
favor
happy Mother's Day yeah hey you stick
with Mama eat a little bit and I'll come
get you okay okay alright boys you're
probably wondering why I brought you
here this morning together on this table
with this protective paper and this
blank card style escape paper
fabrication cake Finn Finn can you focus
we're trying to focus for a big meeting
here alright now here's the deal all the
coloring stuff is still packed away so
we need to get creative with these tools
in these tools only okay we're gonna
make something some money okay I'm gonna
write on the top of this happy Mother's
Day
okay so now the toughest is happy
Mother's Day
now I want you to draw something from
mama right there yeah can you do that
only right there okay okay so what are
you drawing explain your your focus here
yeah no what are you drawing yeah back
is that a is that a rose oh my gosh
that's actually a really beautiful rose
ollie yeah alright so all he drew this
immaculate rose portion for the top and
I added a step and flower okay and now
inside we're gonna write something
really nice about mama what do you want
to write okay right there do you want to
say I love you mom oh do you want to say
thank you mom for all the amazing things
you do for me or do you want to thank
her for all her support yeah do you
wanna say thank you to mama for always
being there when your
not such a good boy yeah so we're gonna
write all that and put it right in this
card okay okay you want me to say I love
you mom let me say you're the best yeah
okay so we're gonna say you're the best
now what do you wanna say you want me to
thank her right Wow yeah so thank you
for all you do
should we see some of Dinos oh yeah
we're gonna say here's a dino for you
tell mama watching this say happy
mother's day day
all right we're gonna go give our
homemade card to mama you ready
happy Mother's Day isn't Sloan - yes
okay I love you mom you're the best
thank you for all you do here's a Dinah
for you he told me to write all that for
you don't get my my kiss come on Ethan
Ben - hey it's for you he has his day
it's his first Mama's day with you love
you hey good morning guys
I had a very very special morning and I
feel so just like rejuvenated and I feel
great I told Brian last night I was like
I honestly all I want is just to lay in
bed for a few hours without Finn in
fright arms and then I want the kids to
come in and bring me breakfast and I
just want to feel like pampered a little
because I think every single morning I
wake up and I take care of the kids and
I get them breakfast and Brian's usually
editing or uploading and sounds like
this morning I just want to do nothing
and so we actually all took a little
bath and we relaxed and it feels so so
good ah breakfast in bed was really
really nice so are you getting into my
candy scroll that was actually all eight
Oh Abby see our cookie collection we
show our collection this is all our
cookies right here we have store-bought
ones we have Famous Amos and we have
homemade horse yeah and I was just
eating the cookie dough in the fridge
which is yeah fake cookie dough I found
some at
I saw the store and you it has no egg
but you can eat it or you can bake it
you ready to go we're gonna go somewhere
fun I'm excited to go this place because
really it's all about the kids still
because I just want to see them smile
and have fun and I guess that's what's
my what my Mother's Day is all about
today
yeah
hey all right you guys we are out with
the whole family today and we are doing
the San Diego Safari Park
we got all the moms in the building yes
it's all today we decided we want to do
this so that's what we are doing Ali
what are we gonna see today sake
Tigers birdies all that fun stuff
in confuse and longing for something new
stand up with me we'll find a place
where freedom
and take it all
oh my gosh you guys they have flamingos
here they're so cool looking
Finny you want to see the flamingos look
at all of them folly these ones are pink
yeah
doesn't know he's gone
Ollie do you know why the flamingos are
pink yeah why yeah shrimp
yep the flamingoes eat lots of shrimp
and it turns their bodies pink that's
what would happen to us baby
oh we do eat lots of shrimp but we hold
off because we don't want pink skin I
don't know if you guys know this but
Missy is obsessed with monkeys yeah if I
let her she would we would have a monkey
at our house so right now we're walking
into an aerobic station and I think
there's gonna be some monkeys in here so
let's go check
from the things they say
to find they'll never change
yo
like a lion
you must just keep walking with one foot
in front of the other the journey may
seem rough the world is yours
leave your now
Greyjoy
we are now heading to go see the big
ones lions and tigers and bears and
elephants right Jimmy yes
Tigers take it
you like
you're gonna put yourself right
babe those elephants they're so cool
again yeah they're not gray by the way
did the color of the dirt cuz that's
what they roll around it
if they roll around dirt you little
rotten turd they like the dirt I'd like
to see one roll around that's gotta be
oh gosh oh oh geez oh wow oh oh oh he's
just going for both of them what he's
still going oh he's still going oh he's
still go
you sir are majestic here's owned it
Missy
what alley yeah I was kind of like Dino
poop ha
what do you see there's another elephant
over there it's not so cool Ali they're
huge they're just they're big like dinos
big guy yeah yeah Oh yep he's pooping
again they poop a lot okay yeah yeah
just like Finn the cheetah is the
fastest land mammal on the planet that's
amazing it's also really kind of sad
because they're endangered
there's less than 10,000 left not
all right so we're looking for the lion
and we don't see it anywhere and then I
read the sign
Lions often rest up to 20 hours each day
the thing is sleeping yeah it's like
peace out and then I looked a little
closer at the sign and I was like wait a
minute that font looks really familiar
I'm almost certain that that is the same
exact font that I used for my EP like a
lion he was like like yellow like your
EP that's crazy right that we we would
choose the same font I don't know I
really want to see the line though after
all I did write a song about one so I
lie about Ali there's lions sleeping
behind the curtain you ready to see him
turns out they had to close the curtain
because lions and cheese don't get along
they had to wait to the cheetah was put
away
you can watch
I see
like a lion mean you just lay around all
day that's actually what songs about
yeah yeah lying around just about lying
around all day apparently that's all
they do
hey Ali you know that I had such a
special Mother's Day yeah you may need
breakfast colored me a picture and I
spent the whole day with my boys
watching them have so much fun huh yeah
yeah thank you so much for the best
Mother's Day Kay Oh have a kiss mmm I
love you Oh love you Ben
all right guys we're gonna go ahead and
the vlog we had such a wonderful
Mother's Day I loved every second of it
just being able to spend time with my
boys and spend time with my family it's
always the best all right guys give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
Happy Mother's Day to all you moms out
there and no matter what situation you
are in where you came out you'll see you
guys tomorrow what do you say Allie
FinCEN
in the
so good are you talking
can't say it
I am home
Oh
