I'm gonna race ya I'm gonna getcha
I'm a good job oh we dishes snails oh
are you okay
oh my gosh are you sure okay
good morning ladies and gents of the
Internet's it is breakfast time and
Missy's itching away from the blog by
the way a lot of people that's what this
is it's a warming drawer it's a place to
keep my toaster but for right now it's a
place to keep our toaster cuz we don't
really use a warming drawer a bench the
toaster on the I often put it away and
saw the co this is a perfect place for
it I think eventually we're gonna turn
this space into a cabinet and then get
one of those cool microwave drawers
right there
cuz it will fit like right in that area
this would be with my wig that would be
which is interesting
jolly good morning to you all we are
just eating breakfast Vinny is loving
that banana he's eating oatmeal this
morning babe
oatmeal and nanners YUM you're making a
right good mess aren't you aren't you
might and oli what are you eating for
breakfast you got a mouthful you can't
say Apple Jacks I'm a Jax is your little
Raptor eat Apple Jacks to dinos like
Apple Jacks huh it's gonna open the
mouth put the Apple Jackie Oh
even the dinos gotta have their
nutritious breakfast huh banana
may actually be getting some of it might
be eating some that was one of Ali's
first foods that we like mashed up
wasn't excited oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh and
it's all spit it out is really
interesting it's a long word fun it is a
lot of work because he eats and then we
bathe him and eats again and then we pay
them
yeah and they eat again and we made them
and then in between all that he's
attached to you yeah yeah
they know today is out with the old in
with the new we are replacing all of the
bathroom lights and wall sconces these
are what is going to be in the bathroom
yeah we're gonna have to touch that up
so the painters did not paint behind
that they forgot to paint behind this
one as well but yeah I love those light
fixtures are just really simple and
basic look nice and we actually chose
like nice white LED bulbs with the nice
frosted diffusers because they look
amazing on the block and pictures do we
take lots of pictures too but that's
just like YouTube life like we picked
the light fixtures in our house so that
it would look good on camera can we just
talk about this - I swear I showed you
guys this like two days ago and it's
double the size Missy
they're not going to fit under this
counter for very much longer that is
nuts
alright slyfox club has arrived and
Caspian and Ollie are working on a
project what is this Hannah
magnets
yeah so you can build like any kind of
structure you want that is so cool
Hannah how do you find the coolest toys
Justin on target I knew this seems like
how long did this is said really neat
this is a really neat big balls
yeah build things Ollie pretty cool whoa
the unfinished he just like you're
watching quick break it yeah it would
just kind of make a huge match for that
really a house well he just consequence
the perfect age though yeah it's like
five minutes
oh yeah that's neat ha buddy yeah
I
you
all right so today we've got Hannah over
and Hannah is always really awesome with
stuff like this because we are going to
decorate and basically organize Ali's
room we've got a bed we've got a teepee
I even have his rocking chair in here
now I've got tons of stuff we need to
find things for it so let's get started
all right check out the progress that we
have made we have made this room somehow
a lot bigger just by doing what we did
got the chair over here you want to
watch Dino eggs yeah all day every day
and then we put his dresser here we're
gonna hang a big ol collage of pictures
up there but we haven't yet and over
here is so cool slowly basically today
we got his two bookshelves and we're
gonna put his beanbag nuts in there here
and then this picture that we purchased
a long time ago so this is an artist
named Jason Ratliff basically he makes
pictures that have little kids that like
they just look like a normal little kid
and then a shadow is a big superhero so
I love this because it literally looks
like ollie he's got a little toy hammer
that he used to play with all the time
and then his shadow was like a big
superhero with a big old hammer it's
like Thor so yeah I love this picture
I'm so glad we found a place for it and
I love it right above here I think just
by moving his bed over there yeah so
check this out now we've got all this
space he's got his teepee love it we
also hung up a couple pictures above his
bed so yeah we're making progress on
this room all I do you like your room
yeah
shout out to the slyfox Club Hannah
actually brought over this old pair of
toms that were once Caspian and they are
so cool look you look they had the plaid
on the inside and they're leather and
they're velcro which is amazing
they look so cool on you dude okay all
right ollie show me your shoes whoa
that's a cool letter say Thank You
Caspian yeah
all right you want to go do some
shopping yeah okay
we're at Bed Bath and Beyond right now
we have a little problem in our house we
have no plungers so we bought a plunger
for every bathroom in the house the
problem also continues we're gonna get
some potpourri I'm not gonna tell you
what the problem is but we have problems
so we're here to fix them Hey look they
have squatty potty's here oh I dare you
to go friends icky Jim a bathroom I can
borrow that would be quite funny I'd
have to bring the poo pourri also though
just got back from the store and it's so
beautiful out here is such a beautiful
night where we are now - with this new
place that we've moved to it's colder a
lot sooner and it's super breezy so it
feels super nice I'm so excited for the
summer time because I know it's gonna be
amazing the last place we were at with
so hot
but check out this view it's amazing
karma loves it - are you having fun
karma yum fun are you having fun can we
throw for you ready and fetch look at
that speed fast a dog in the world right
here huh that's dog in the world right
here let's go down the slide there's a
buck there is a bug right there get it
yeah get it get the bug all right let's
go down the slide karma come here come
here
Oh check you out karma Karma's up here
with you that cool yeah you want to go
down the slide let's see you go oh
there's a bug get it get it slide
okay I'll clear it there now go there's
a bug on you chill out he's being so
funny
what'd you find
yeah smells you got two snails yeah
let's put them in the grass
I'm gonna race ya home i getcha
I'm a good job oh he dishes snails oh
are you okay oh my gosh are you sure
okay you're such a tough boy
I'm gonna get you how you're gonna shoot
me I got a shoot me he's gonna get me
pasta chicken cheese sauce get saucy get
saucy girl get saucy get saucy girl
Missy Mae chicky chicky parm parm best
wife ever
all right you guys that's all for
today's video I lied you up Sunday yeah
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video if you enjoyed it be sure
to give it a thumbs up he thumbs up
thumbs up Willie oh he's a he's in dog
mode sorry you get stuck in dog wanna
lucky thumbs up no cuz dogs on her
thumbs
thanks for today's video to see tomorrow
always you want to say
in the face
so good boy
I'd say
I am home
Oh
