good morning you guys from sunny
Southern California look at those
beautiful blue skies it is an absolutely
beautiful day I want to run around with
the boys outside today it's gonna be
amazing and I just learned that vlogging
in front of my office window is very
nice with the lighting I'm very much
well lit Holly I got some oranges for
you too Kay okay what are you eating
this morning baby pancakes and oranges
and syrup he loves dipping and syrup now
don't you okay hey you dip your pancakes
in the syrup that's probably enough to
pitch and then we have a trail of syrup
going all the way across there and up
his shirt
good morning ollie oh hey guess what
you're wearing orange also see orange
orange is the color and also a fruit the
English language is hard huh well you're
doing good guys I am so excited look I
got my very first pair of Adidas
superstars these are like everywhere
right now even Ollie has a pair and I
was like I'm jealous I actually found
these I think for like 60 bucks on
Amazon which apparently is a really good
deal and I'm stoked they look cool and
they fit me really well what do you guys
think you like the superstars here I'll
turn your phone portrait I don't know if
that works but yeah now Ollie and I will
match in our superstars and now I keep
saying superstar and I just keep
thinking about the movie superstar with
is that Molly Shannon Shannon Molly oh
my gosh I don't remember I'm getting so
old you guys where she puts her
hands under her armpits when she gets
nervous and she's so common pull up you
guys remember that movie superstar
superstar good morning guys I have my
friend Michelle here and today we're
taking out the extensions which is kind
of bittersweet I really love my
extensions and they'll only be out for
probably like a few weeks but I also
like kind of looking forward to it to me
it's like when you have extensions in
you have this like a layer of despair
all inside your scalp so you can't like
really like scrub it like I just wanna
scrub my head okay man so I'm looking
forward to it but she's taking them out
there they are one by one but yeah it's
just for like a couple weeks I'm gonna
be doing some beach time here in the
next couple weeks and I really want to
be able to just like not do my hair and
it'd be messy and you have extensions
and you kind of have to like keep up on
it so there they go they're leavin it's
so easy to like I thought was gonna hurt
but like how do you take him up so you
use Oh got it out yeah and it dries it
out and takes him out really seeing I
think it's - yes oh my come here come
here
do you hear fin yeah Holly I hear thin
on the monitor I think he's awake you
want to go get him let's go get fin come
on let's go get your brother and wake
him up
open the door say we're coming fin
- say good morning Finn I love you good
morning buddy did you sleep good did you
have such a good nap is y'all happy he
is ollie Finn slept so good you guys
that was probably like a little over an
hour nap huh yes good morning to you
Finny you want to go see mama go see
what Mama's doing I think she's still
getting her hair dead there she is hey
don't hold them he slept so good babe he
slept for like over an hour
oh yeah look at all of that hair took
out your weave yeah oh yeah he could use
some hair huh here we go told ya hey
ollie you want to do something fun today
what do you want to do because it
doesn't lie Captain America he's been a
ski for so long to dress up like Captain
America
hey we have a present for you okay yeah
can you go check in your tepee wha
go check open it open your tepee let me
see
so Daddy whoa we got Captain America
blaster shield and what else what's mama
got what's mama got helmet cam
oh it's the costume it's a shirt and
helmet you want to put them on okay whoa
are you Captain America squeeze the
trigger whoa the shield is cool all you
look at you you do this and it makes it
fill up just like that and then you push
it to make it go away and it turns into
a gun and then you squeeze that and it
fires it after you pull this here now
fire whoa not cool
 it again now fire whoa
hey oli I love your mask let me see
choice you're married yeah oh yeah you
gotta pull this back to try to do it
right here this part you pull it back
and then you fire it he's gonna get you
you shot mama yeah I'm gonna need a
master here we go we got Captain America
we got Star Wars
ah yeah
I do I have to put the Bulls back in the
gun - and you're gonna shoot me
don't Holly that's so cool let's run
around the house and fight yeah come on
only come get mama whoa Star Wars versus
Captain America who's gonna win get her
Wow she's defending herself with a light
saber ollie okay go get your bullets go
get your bullets run from a run come
here Captain America will help you
reload we're gonna put your shield to
maximum protection okay okay go get the
bad guys go oh no oh I think the bad
guys had it in the playroom ah ha ha use
your shield use your shield to protect
yourself I'm gonna get you done retreat
Captain America retreat get it run run
run choo-choo-choo
Ollie you got him I think as Captain
America we need to show them mercy kay
okay no go pat him on the head and say
you're in trouble
go go go go tell Chewbacca say you're in
trouble
say I got you got me
it was just mama ollie
it was just mama you look so cute with
your hat on uh-huh hey Captain America
it's actually time to wake up that we
got to get a new shower head for the
guest bathroom so he'd just wake up now
that'd be great
apparently he bought too many bad guys
he's super tired out all right
we gotta wake Captain America we got
things to get hey Ollie would he mention
on hockey bad pumpkin bread and you're
drinking chocolate milk
apparently the captain just needed to
fuel up a little bit huh that good
there's plenty in there for ya so we are
at Target just had to grab a couple of
things like a shower head for the guest
bathroom then we stop at Starbucks get a
little bit of refreshing and they smell
my name right
my name right why that's crazy that's
cool but they just couldn't get Missy's
right huh
you are misty today okay let's go get
what we need kay mister mister captain
you'll keep us safe from bad guys you
got your hat
okay you got your mask good it's in the
it's in the car
come here captain hey what'd you find
let me see come here with a nerf gun
yeah oh that's fine huh oh you pull it
you pull it and you shoot it so let's go
get what we need okay
holy coldness Batman is cold outside
dang California don't you know summer is
like right around the corner I don't
understand how it can be so cold right
now it's nuts tonight I'm cooking on the
grill that was very hot you should not
touch touch the top for those doing
homemade burgers and I even made a
little tiny one for Finn because we're
baby led weaning so we're probably gonna
chop it up and let him Hey well you got
your Captain America Shoob what are you
doing out here buddy I'm cooking cooking
burgers you gonna eat a burger I made a
burger for you you want to eat it
tonight no you got you got an owie let
me see
ooh a little a little scratchy or
something huh you guys see he split his
eye open a couple months ago he's still
got a mark there I'm hoping it goes away
soon his lip looks really good though
huh okay go inside it's cold
Hey
there's my little guy you getting ready
to go ninite he's ready and we're gonna
go to bed now Mama's gonna put you to
bed okay my little booger he's been
sleeping from 8 p.m. to 2 a.m. and then
I'll feed him and then he'll sleep for
like 2 a.m. to like 7 a.m. doing good
huh everyone well I get that and it's
like amazing so I have not slept in 6
months like wakes up every hour to two
hours for six months yeah so all right
buddy get that got big kisses mmm I love
you
night-night all right you guys me and my
little captain are hitting the hay hey
did you have a fun day yeah the cool
getting to dress up like superheroes I
wish it yeah well yeah don't shoot me
only shoot bad guys okay okay okay shoot
bad guys bad guys all over the room
right one yeah if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog be sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe leave a comment check out
all those links down below in the
description thank you guys so much for
watching our vlogs we will see a manana
you want to say bye
instead
this is home
look so good porn you're talking
I'd say yeah
I am home
and
