then you're so cute
Polly say good morning good morning
how's it going guys we actually just got
out of church
Ollie what are you eating haha popped up
where'd you get a pop-tart
um oh did you in pace with a pop-tart oh
that's cool yeah we got to go to church
and he got to hang out with pay and live
which is always fun we had a really
great service and now I think we are
headed to go eat some lunch feels great
to get out of the house and don't you
some what do you want you wanna eat
lunch too okay you can come you weren't
gonna come originally but now you can
come okay okay
all right we just got to Buffalo Wild
Wings look at my beautiful wife this
morning by the way I love your dress
baby we just pulled up and this is Finn
Pauly do you see your brother he's silly
huh
he is passed out oh my goodness we have
to wake him up now yeah we gotta take a
picture that we had to document at first
and then we will disrupt him huh how
close can I get with the camera how
close can I get with the camera only
what are you doing it down from there
boy
all right you want to come out this way
you want to play games let's go play
games come on
pee live are here - hey
can you go you love pain live blow that
was quite the little jump spider-man
auntie fell down and you fell down
apparently yeah I lost on that Patrick
big blunder okay
they have these cool little tablets like
we can take to the table and the kids
can play games on that's cool wrong
buddy
good morning girls how we doing they all
got their tablets see that's cool so
it's like they can play games and watch
shows and stuff there's a ton of games
on here ha that's me what do you play in
lip blue a pony are you dressing it up
she's very got it it's kind of like
Angry Birds oh not that's so funny
lollipop the balloons he's playing
balloon pop if you see the balloons pop
them there you go there you go hit the
balloons all you leveled up wall-e yeah
that's cool get him get him get him get
him get him okay Peyton got this bird
it's like a it makes a bird noise so you
put water like in the top of the head
did your manga that from Peru from Peru
yeah that's cool
and again just got back okay oh wait no
you I think we need more needs more
water
do you see Ollie it's a little birdy
it's gonna make a bird sound
Jeff would like different Kali did you
hear the birdie bdub in the hizzy is he
hizzy are you eating chicken yes you are
Ali he's eating chicken see oh you want
to play that game it's got a lot of cool
stuffed animals in it huh yeah then
you're eating so good aren't you do you
like that chicken
it is now prize time Ali and I are gonna
try and win a stuffed animal because he
did so good eating his food Holly what
do you need you need money well I got
money you ready to play okay
all right put the money in here
good job we're gonna move this lever
around till we find it Missy you got
side tongue
everything
right there I'll have 19 seconds left
which one a bear
okay the tree thing is it good on your
side Holly go push button
oh right on its head oh that's a bunch
of bullcrap
all right Jeffrey's going for the Laker
ball right I believe in you dude what
are you think
habet laughs it was a
the anger you get three tries three kids
okay question hey come on come on come
on it picks it up and it just drops it
that's not fair
three angry kit for angry kids right
here
how both kids I sleep wonder go to
Target well kids are fast asleep you
know
so we're improvising yep we did not
reach roller best parent award goes to
us we laid a blanket down for you ollie
he would say that son the entire time
yeah I guarantee you mm-hmm he's all
about that now oh my gosh she's so cute
the other ones asleep too so I'm just
gonna wear him we're gonna have a nice
peaceful a shopping trip just take it
Hank bye
then you're so cute hi buddy
are you over it you're over playing with
the ball that you can never catch yeah
we hey oli
Finn's playing with the ball huh yeah
then might actually be obsessed with
balls just like all he was used to be
obsessed with balls huh
ooh cool trick buddy you're watching him
play with that I was like I have to
capture that that's hilarious
now he's just exploring luckily we don't
have anything like crazy low to the
ground or anything so he can't really
get into it but he is reaching for these
cords that are hooked up yet huh heads
get in the way your heads getting in the
way your heads get in the way cute kiddo
hey you you playing with the ball now
whoa blocked it Terrence here and she's
making Finn laugh and it's adorable he
just like any oh oh go get it go get the
ball II
I like how ollie is so willing to get
hit with the ball - that was really hard
but he's fine are you okay ollie you are
do it again yeah got the ball got the
ball
oh my god I can't oh my gosh Missy
what is going on with our boys right now
Thank You terilyn for coming over and
hitting my son in the face of the ball I
think Ben is like yeah all he's the one
getting hurt not me
Wow our boys are adorable Missy thank
you it is dinnertime and Finn is eaten
up feast Missy you've been doing so good
with this whole baby led weaning thing
giving him a variety of foods I'm trying
I'm really really trying so tonight he's
eating pulled pork he's got some mixed
veggies and this apple sweet potato
puree the craziest part is that his
favorite will probably end up being the
pulled pork yeah he really likes meat
just any he mostly like sucks on it and
he's probably asleep later I just love
like he's know he's gonna figure out
this texture and I'm sure it'll become a
time when you come to toddler where he
starts to like not like it as much but
it's just cool like I just love I love
it so far and he doesn't gag anymore he
never chokes he does great really
awesome we like food don't cha you eat
in pool park yeah yeah so the kids are
eating dinner
we've been watching Zoolander taralin
fell asleep on the couch
and I'm actually about to oh I just
heated up some pulled pork for dinner we
had this last night and it was so good
we're actually eating leftovers YUM
check this out guys I am also making a
brownies oh yeah we didn't have our
little pan either so I just use my
Rachael Ray pan it looks good huh yeah
we have a couple of people coming over
tonight because we're actually gonna be
playing poker and eating sweets yeah
it's been a really cool Sunday so far
Finn you are a mess did you like your
dinner and I decided just to stick him
in here and hose them off are you down
with you uh with us guys this ballpark
is I'm gonna be in there too yeah I'm
gonna have to hose you up in here
should we hope you go up in here to
poker night alright you guys we were
playing poker I'm out Cassie's out I get
all playing yeah I've been out as well
it's between Jimmy and Missy and
Geoffrey they're having a blast I was
like I was the first one out
I did not too bad but anyway yeah we're
doing poker night and we're gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog but I hope
you guys enjoyed if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up and subscribe and
then comment share all this Lisa and
we'll see ya bye
look so good on you talking
I'd say it
I am home
