good morning ollie I love you you have
some cereal this morning okay that's
good there you go got your cereal okay
good morning guys
it is early I'm getting ollie breakfast
it's coming from cereal and I'm gonna
get him some pumpkin bread it's can we
got from barons so it's probably not as
good as momma's but it's still good kay
pumpkin bread pumpkin bread how'd you
sleep good me too I slept amazing we had
such a fun night last night didn't get
tired everyone else
we had a big birthday party huh
yeah we saw all the banners up
but some Sun in the house came with
these really cool remote control blinds
that are actually pretty nifty this
one's a little broken though I think I'd
call and get it fixed whenever I want to
go up it goes down one that want to go
down it goes out so it's kind of
backwards right now first I got to say a
huge thanks to baby or gel for
sponsoring today's video fin has been
having a pretty rough morning as you
guys know our little guy is teething
he's kind of snotty and Julie let me see
those teeth see him oh my gosh look at
those big old teeth he's got some more
coming in he is just said drooling yeah
and look at this little lion I sure
you're like a little baby lion your
teeth are coming in your teeth are
coming in so this morning we're actually
using baby or gel which helps really
teething discomfort yeah I really like
this stuff because it's a really nice
homeopathic choice it's dye free it's
paraben free it's benzocaine free and
belladonna free so we use some earlier
and it worked really good we're gonna
show you guys how we do it yeah so it's
so easy you literally just blue keep it
out of your baby's hands and just put a
little bit on there and then you just
say open up open up then just rub it
right on the gums there we go yeah and
then your baby should stop screaming
he's got lots of teeth coming in our
little guy's grown up so fast aren't you
if you guys want to learn more about
baby origel i'll have a link down below
in the description so you guys can check
it out but yeah this stuff works good we
like it we have been getting ready this
morning and all it keeps going out the
front door and catching snails and bugs
and I want to show you guys I showed you
a few weeks ago this little nest in here
and how there were like little eggs in
it and I'm so bummed because when I came
back from playlist I ran right to it
check on it and the eggs are gone like
completely gone I don't know if like an
animal could come up here and take it
because it's not like messed up or
anything like there's no like this thing
was not like flustered the eggs are just
literally missing and I'm so sad like I
feel so bad for the mommy I feel so bad
that for the babies and I'm so confused
as to where they went I don't think the
mom can move the eggs so it was a really
terrible spot to put eggs really makes
sad but always been running in and out
catching bugs and catching snails and
playing and it's really nice because we
have no closed roads so he can run
outside and I'm not like worried he's
gonna go run into the street or anything
which is really cool um well there's
actually a bug in my house right now
good crows we are headed outside today
we've got Hannah and all the kids here
today and we are gonna go swimming they
already got their bangs out yeah it is
literally 95 degrees it's probably I
need the pool because I just let it stay
warm and it feels nice you want to go in
all right the kids have been out here
like catching bugs
look what Caspian taught so nasty like
20 bugs in here so nests this is the
life right now
I'm just sitting this chilling the
infant and the kids are about to jump in
cast up over here job next to ollie dude
there you go I'll write you guys for you
all watching this it is May 4th which
means in his Star Wars day that I
thought on may the force be with you
brah yeah you too man
thanks to me with you not may the 4th be
with you dude you know what you gonna
forfeit you thank you we have light
saber dive sticks which light up which
are really cool and we got a Millennium
Falcon so we're gonna blow this thing up
and then we had a millennion frickin
Falcon that is sick all right whoo it's
gonna be the rebel scum lightsaber for
you lightsaber for you who wants to ride
on the Millennium Falcon
all right flies take off there we go
whoa there's my little Jedi even knows
Nick grab the handles babe
we are fastening up something really fun
for the kids
we got Karma's harness on it's attached
to a rope which is attached to the
Millennium Falcon and we have a ball
so I don't know how that happened so
fast but all of the cabinet polls that I
ordered the other day already here so I
thought sweet I'm gonna get started on
them right away so I already started
putting the cabinet pulls on and I think
they look amazing especially paired with
that little knob to roll out the crew is
rolling out you guys filled that thing
dang mic on
drive safe baby oh my gosh is he's
taking everyone out a little blares
right so much fun to do
it's so amazing that we have land now
that we can ride on something like this
and karma can just run around and run
free for the longest time all we have
was like an apartment or a concrete slab
and now we have a place where you can
actually have fun it's so fun oh he's
back on it go that way go that way
that's a tree babe okay
all right you guys on to the next
project and Hannah and Roo are going to
help me out because they're good at
things like this this is three different
giant sticker wall murals so I'm going
to be doing this on the far wall in my
office and it's this amazing scene of
New York at sunset and I love the colors
what do you think babe I think it looks
awesome we have to cut a whole door out
in a couple little lights yeah so we
have to put it on the wall and then we
have to trace like around the door yah
water both of this you got this you got
this right hand I got this so this is my
mess of an office right now it's got
everything that needs to be unpacked and
that is the wall that's going to have a
sticker on it
we are finishing up the murals looking
really good really good cut around the
floor really cool yeah it looks really
really good hard to do yeah it literally
took all four of us and it was still
really I think that's really true
friendship from you guys
we were like cussing a little bit yeah
my thoughts club yeah they like helped
us attack once again huge thank you to
this lightbox club for helping me hang
that mural you guys are amazing good we
are now going to take a very close to
pizza because you're fantastic so go
over to their vlog right now and go
watch what we did at the pizza place
pull that Olli you want to see what
happens when I pull this yeah
his tails wagging Phil these tails are
fluffy Philip they're fluffy hey hurt a
lot you animal that one okay that's a
little puppy dog I'm gonna see his tail
wag yeah see you look at it go his tails
Waggin Ellie and I are getting ready for
bed huh
look at the shaggy dog you can feel it
what's it feel like
yeah we're reading the doggy book which
he's specially requested for nighttime
yeah yeah I'm looking at that it's a
shaggy dog huh
yeah floppy ears do you see him that's
cool but anyway I think that's all for
today's vlog hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment thank you
guys so much for watching and we will
see you manana oli what do you say hey
that's where I wanna be
II I do
up inside
this is home
good Hornets are
I'd say it
I am home
and
