hey you can be the Stormtrooper kay put
it on your head yeah that way there you
go
oh you're the cutest stormtrooper ever
I'm gonna good job good morning guys
we're all huddled out here it's kind of
cold and kind of breezy
Missy's dad was over here this morning
and he saw a rattlesnake in the Hills
Papa went out there and we go see if he
brings back around snake buzzes what's
happening you got it Jim what was it was
it a rattler yeah it's a good sized
round no bring him over
Oh Jim look at it moving I didn't like
that it's bodies just tensing up
yeah oh my gosh no see Ali those are bad
snakes okay you don't ever go near those
snakes those are bad give me an hour
Oh ease really bad ah that's nice that's
crazy I can't get myself to pick it up
even with the headrest in it like movies
like Baba
so I don't know take a selfie look you
know I had a long stick yeah yeah you
gonna see how that goes nope that goes
oh my gosh oh my gosh that is so freakin
creepy
crazy
yeah rattlesnakes can be really
beautiful and pretty cool well at the
same time like we cannot risk that like
we love snakes like if I see a guard
assange we will catch it we will see it
we will look at it we do enjoy stinks
but a rat a snake no absolutely not it's
not coming on our property it can't be
allowed around our property right now
we're putting fence around our property
to hopefully try and deter them from our
poverty so yeah they're amazing
creatures but we can't have them in our
yard so today I'm doing another crock
pot meal I know I might be overusing it
but we're actually having our friends
over Michelle and Maddy and her husband
Jeremy I'm Alec hi so they are all
coming over tonight and we're gonna have
dinner so I was gonna make some chicken
tacos so I've got chicken with some taco
seasoning and is cooking up yeah so
it'll be like a nice easy meal just like
tacos shredded chicken I think I made it
like a few weeks ago and it was really
good yeah and I just finished editing a
video and now I just gotta clean the
house and get ready because our friends
are coming over real soon
and you mister have been smelling like
poop since I was vlogging you need a
diaper change
Aleksey Maddy Maddy okay well you gotta
get smelling good because I don't know
if she wants to see if you smell like
poop actually I've been getting quite a
few questions about potty training and
how that
is going and honestly we've done a few
days of potty training but he started
kind of going backwards and now he's
kind of like afraid of the potty he's
like not wanting to go to the bathroom
on the potty anymore he gets freaked out
it's like I think maybe just too much
pressure honestly I just don't think
he's quite there yet like we're getting
really close but he's just not quite at
the point where he's like proud of
himself he's not easily manipulated to
like sit on the potty
I really hope here was next like few
months but I also really don't want to
like punish him or I don't want to make
it too much pressure because I know that
that can make potty training just not
fun and harder so I'm just trying to you
know take it easy but it is getting
pretty nasty here is that
rattlesnake-skin look at this this thing
is long I'm talking maybe four feet long
or five feet long way bigger than the
other one huh don't touch it though
Jackie yeah you can just look and the
nuts has a rattle right over there
definitely a little little rattle but
we're thinking probably at least four to
five years old at least but yeah this
thing is huge the big big skin but it's
got the salt on it now and it's just
drying up and my dad is pretty crazy
that he actually just skinned another
humongous snake all right gang we are
cooking a fiesta for tonight I just said
we're cooking a party that did not make
any sense I'm just gonna roll with that
but yes Missy made chicken tacos in the
crock-pot so we're getting all the
goodies ready
oh those tomatoes peppers lettuce
cilantro YUM good stuff babe
what do you think about that this kid
has just been hanging out in the kitchen
going through all the pots and pans
standing up like a brave little boy that
you are aren't you aren't you the real
party though is buy the chips and guac
ah babe this summer can we just eat
wakka moly and chips every single dad
so we're pressing so much flavor
how many Tyler I'm talking with my mouth
um you guys can deal with that just do
that guy just really guy huh huh Ben
what do you do wow that's pretty
adorable toddler trapped and covered
right here you guys look at this cutie I
think you take just after your brother
Finn cuz all he used to do the same
exact thing didn't you all you remember
that do you remember that ollie getting
chopped in the cupboard yeah
now it's Finn's turn not stinking
adorable
look who's here it's Nala Kai he's
fixing Ali's train track
it doesn't really last long in this
playroom what did you bring what is this
dude Ali did you see that
stormtrooper huh you want me to put it
on all right I'll put it on oh that is
too cool
Ali do you want to battle I need a
blaster Jedi scum what are you doing you
think you can take me you want me to use
that I'm like actually Finn right now
you guys I'm a stormtrooper with a
lightsaber that's not a lightsaber that
okay understand that the lightsaber
would actually cut that bat in half
immediately you be good
hey you can be the stormtrooper K put it
on your head yeah that way there you go
oh you're the cutest stormtrooper ever
I'm gonna good job you put it out he
doesn't like to wear it for too long oh
it does it it fits really that's cool
you like that Ali here defeat the
stormtrooper defeat him oh and you're
dead I see you Maddie
hahaha Ian all my chips and guac oh I
know right no miss him it it it's
amazing the right
I literally just it's like one after
another there's no gum hey you can't
stop can't stop won't stop
unfinished Baker person is here I think
he knew you were coming Jill he was
getting really fussy he's like I just
did Michelle where's Michelle I need my
hair done my little buddy Ali say 9 8 -
mama I love you
Oh got you 9:8 buddy his kid going to
bed he had such a fun day with all his
friends got so much loving Oh tired boyo
ah Holly did you have fun hanging out
with Maddie did you lightsaber battle
who won yeah I won I didn't tell him to
say that you guys I actually won Holly
come on buddy we're gonna go to bed kay
hope you gotta brush your teeth first go
brush your teeth teeth are all clean let
me see you smile I saw you smile silly
boy Oh Holly did you see your new closet
yeah tomorrow we'll come organize it
come look at it all he got his new
closet and today you got some cool
shelves on here a nice double hang
system and then he also got lots of
shelves on this side too which is really
nice where are you hey come on buddy
tomorrow we'll organize your closet okay
Holly what book do you want to read
tonight before bedtime you want to read
the Toy Story one this one is Sunnyside
boot camp and then we also turn it over
and we do buzzes space adventure yeah
okay ollie tonight story's called
buzzes space adventure yeah one night
the peas in a pod couldn't sleep they
asked Buzz Lightyear to tell them a
story about space Rangers woody and Rex
asked if they could be in the story too
sure said buzz he began a story about a
special mission he was called on once
upon a time so the kids are friendly in
bed and we thought we would show you our
love it finally was finished today that
I just show you a kind of you know it's
finished and that it's done so we got
like our little cupboards up there and
then we've got drawers here got drawers
in the island now and this is probably
one of my favorite features hampers and
it's got like a bigger hamper for all
our clothes in a smaller hamper for like
whites and stuff I know if Brian said
this yesterday he was like I'm
he has only shoes and she's only gonna
probably use like three racks and look
at this guy's boom that's like oh my she
was granted probably some of those I
could get rid of but those are all my
shoes I have a lot of shoes like no I'm
gonna need shoe rack I've always wanted
to shoe rack and so I was pretty excited
about that
I do want to let you guys know that I
did do a shopping haul on my channel so
you guys should go check that out there
is a secret word over there so if you
don't know it make sure you're following
me on my snapchat I'll have it linked
down below so you guys can go watch it
but I think we're are going to go ahead
and the vlog tonight and karma came just
in time to do it aren't didn't you say
give that video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up cuz I
don't have thumbs so I need you to give
me some thumbs and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
okay bye boo you do it
in the
Hornets are kissing
I'd say
I am
