good morning I am just feeding the boys
some breakfast right now what do you
have in Ollie oatmeal peaches and some
toast
no bad bread yes I actually did it toast
it so you're right it's just Fred look
and then we're gonna Disney World
yeah no we're not she's like if I say it
maybe it'll happen and Finn is having a
mini version of that some peaches and
toast huh
I really want to get him oatmeal yeah
yeah and he really likes oatmeal but
it's so messy that sometimes like when
it's a busy morning Emma I just can't do
it I just can't do it you do like
oatmeal though huh what do you have it
this is Cinnabon cinnamon toast
this actually is toast Olli you're
eating Brad I'm eating toast okay always
gonna be very politically correct is it
good I never had it before yeah I mean
it doesn't taste like a cinnamon roll
okay good luck
all of our clothes are out of the closet
all of our makeshift shelves are out
we've got boxes and craziness just
everywhere because our closet is being
put in today and I am so excited
hey Ollie come here what did mama tell
you to get oh okay no she did not tell
you to get chocolate what mom and tell
you to come get from me
connect no say camera okay the camera
right yeah okay so I'm gonna give you
this camera to give to mama so be very
careful with it okay okay
there you go let's take it to mama okay
thank you so much for bringing me the
camera
Oh dad pick you want to just bring a
chip yeah all right we're gonna go play
outside kay okay let's go all right
let's get on this pillar we're gonna go
for a little ride kay papa let's go find
papa okay good put your seat belt on
all right we're just out here looking
for Papa there he is
so we're out here we're actually working
on building a fence but
we've got water lines that keep popping
so we're looking for the water lines
right now and trying to figure out
what's going on this happened like twice
already so it's kind of a pain so we're
just digging around here trying to look
for our water lines and the neighbor's
water lines and all kind of a mess right
now but hopefully soon we're gonna have
a fence built right along this line
we'll save a lot of work it seems when
you're doing construction there's always
something that gets in the way but we're
gonna go get help dig with Papa post oh
yeah we had a line busted way up there
earlier in the week and then guys were
out here this today and they were
digging and they busted another part of
the line which we told them not to dig
any more until we find all the water
lines but they basically we had to fix
that repair this and now we're looking
for the next one my dad's got this cool
little device that's helping us there's
the next pipe then we're up here he's
looking for the next one money we're
wasting I'm finding the whole of the
water we're saving because when we hit
the pipe helens come yes a lot but this
is the quickest way to find them yeah
like I can already feel it you can feel
it yeah there so I want to also cool
little devices written Papa's a meeting
oh you made it like dad he like
literally went to loads like I'm gonna
go find something that can help me do
this and then it comes out I'll just
make it are you sure that's the pipe
yeah that sounds like it that's pretty
cool yeah this dirt too it's like cement
I mean it is sandstone it's so hard to
dig through it it's not the cleanest
where no yeah if it busts I mean it's
just a crazy amount of water that's
spewing into the air it's pretty pretty
insane so yeah I'm playing in the water
today huh are you helping Papa look for
that pipe yeah
Hedden we've stuck gold okay we're
looking for the next one right up here
about 20 feet let's do this full blast
she's gotta be right there Oh found it
oh did you get dirt on you we gotta see
if we found the pipe yep all you're so
helpful
good good there it is all right we
finally got all our mail right back to
the house okay all right Finn is and oli
are actually down for a nap right now
and I'm working on dinner I'm planning
to have the family over for dinner again
basically I'm just just gonna be like
shredded beef so right now I've got a
little roast in the crock-pot and like I
said before crock pots are just so much
easier to make dinner because by the
time dinner comes around I'm like
exhausted or too busy trying to handle
the kids and stuff so pot is just
awesome so I'm gonna be doing shred beef
mashed potatoes corn the cup and
probably those cheddar biscuits because
my mom and dad and family haven't tried
the cheddar biscuits yet and they just
sound they're so good and I just want
them to try it so now I'm going to head
out though and check on this pipe
situation with the fence we'll say all
right here's our leaky or our cracked
pipe looks like they fixed it oh yeah
but you can see down there it's not
quite face definitely still leaking we
can't turn that on you know burst life
on the humble property is just how
things go right we have the fence guys
trying to fix it but we're gonna need
like a plumber to fix it cause it's a
lot of weight a lot of pounds of water
going through it and they gotta be fixed
properly or otherwise it's just gonna
burst again Missy is peeling potatoes
what are you making tonight
Titus making some tater salad hey toes
taters Missy it's taters haters haters
grandma cab cheese biscuits biscuits
wait you're doing the sweet cheddar
biscuits from Jim and Knicks aah break
it out oh good yeah Missy's making
dinner closet guys just left they're
gonna be here tomorrow to finish up but
I'll show you what we have so far it's
so cool
they sell yet to do drawers and crown
molding and a couple other things but
it's looking pretty dang schnazzy let's
go ahead Oh first of all that's a shell
for all of Missy shoes she probably has
like two shelves worth of shoes honestly
we've got double hang for the shirts
that's where drawers are gonna be this
is gonna be a center island with drawers
and then that's gonna be like hamper
space on both sides for both of our
hampers and we've started putting our
shirts and we both have drawers on this
side and they have a mirror on top so
that we can check ourselves and then I
have my shoe I have a three little shoe
shell which is cool got this fancy dancy
pullout for all my accessories this is
gonna be sunglasses but it's not done
yet and then I have shelves and shelves
of hats and I had no idea I had this
many hats you guys honestly I really
didn't know I've never thrown away or
gotten rid of any hats I think that's my
problem because I actually still have my
perry the platypus hat which i wore like
when we first started vlogging some of
you guys remember that
but yeah the closet is coming together
tomorrow they're gonna finish the
drawers and the molding and whatnot I do
like that we have lots of storage on top
for like boxes and stuff like that cool
house is coming together finally
not to mention redoing a walk-in closet
like this just ups your property value
quite a bit so we're pretty excited
about doing stuff to the house that ups
the value for sure hey hey hey hey
bin just got out of the shower huh
you were messy you were a messy little
baby
now you're all clean your CLE are you
sucking on your thumb what are you doing
sucking on your thumb trying to get away
we're trying to get away Finn with quite
a mess after dinner so I popped him in
the shower and now he's all nice and
clean smells good
you are not a smelly baby anymore hmm
love you buddy so we meet again Oliver
James oh my goodness this is ginormous
mister want to see the lightsaber battle
oh yeah I got a little intense there
Finn I don't know if you want to see
that that looks like something I could
damage the wall oh yeah it almost did
huh
you gotta be careful with that what you
going night-night hey go tell daddy
hey give me a kiss love you good brother
kiss you feel their name mmm he's gonna
give me a kiss mmm yeah I see you in a
second
let's go mister yeah today we got some
new cousins and tomorrow oli gets new
closets we're getting some put in it
it's gonna be a little bit more useful
for him something that we can use to
hang in close and put like maybe even
have shelves and stuff like that some
all right buddy ready to get ready for
bed guess what hmm I love you I finally
do today yeah did we have fun today yeah
yeah oh yeah and this is what's from his
closet we had to carry all out yeah
that's not your life saver
whoo looks like it could really do some
damage all right doing hey you're gonna
help you in the ball I want paint I see
you feel like favor yeah all right let
the end of all then we'll do a lecture
about okay
hey give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it say subscribe if you're not
down man
siren ah day we'll see you tomorrow what
do you say Bible all right Ali
now the vlog is ended we can really get
this battle started are you ready
Oh Oh you think you'd agree nakzul yeah
okay yeah you you agree this is not fair
huh yeah
good battle Olli good battle Hey
so good
attack
can't see it
I am
and that's where
