it's okay
when you blow the horn
good morning guys you're at total pass
today all these about to go into a swim
you ready you're gonna get are you gonna
show all the good things you can do with
swim so our kids and your arms can you
show your arms okay
then are you ready to go swim almost
your turn
yay
look who's here - Livia it's her first
class we're gonna be in the same class
aren't we are you excited
I knew this here last week so this is
second class get ready they first class
they put them under water ha ha you
gonna go underwater
what's up you want to check it out no I
did yeah
is there one playing hide-and-seek which
ones playing hide-and-seek yeah what's
he doing oh he's sitting in there in
there look down around he's shy
he doesn't want to come out go he
doesn't want to come out is she come out
to play the shark won't get you do you
think he's scared of the shark yeah go
away shark
you
you
good morning guys today we are getting
so much done
there is wires hanging out of the Attic
there's you through net cord everywhere
and I'm so excited
it's a beautiful sight this is actually
ethernet cord that's gonna be connecting
Internet to this side of the house very
hard to get a signal over here slows
down the speed significantly and then
we're getting all the TV's hung we're
getting all the speakers in the ceiling
set up for those TVs it's gonna be dope
look at what Geoffrey and I are playing
on right now oh hey it's Geoffrey
oh hi it's Geoffrey we actually we want
the place envious boy sits at the TV on
the ground it really it actually really
is we're playing some rocket League
which you've never played before
amazing so much fun right it's soft car
soccer yeah and you blow it's crazy yeah
so we've been playing ps4 waiting for
this TV to be hung their ethernet cords
coming out there for the router place is
finally going to be connected because I
get 300 download in the living room and
I get 10 in my office which isn't gonna
cut it so we're gonna connect those
wired and see how it does why are we
doing my little swimmer where are we
going
we're going in the hot tub we have been
home hanging out we've had some of our
family over but only really really wants
to go swimming says he's going in the
hot tub he doesn't realize that it's
gonna be the same temperature as the
pool though but I thought I just said I
hear limit per minute and then keep it
out front yeah okay in the pool you can
get in the hot tub but I'm telling you
it's the same tempo okay go get in go
get the hot tub is gonna get difficult
guess boiled boy you've been export the
ones okay get in there get in oh it's
like no yeah that's pretty chilly huh ah
no I'm not warming it up though we're
just women in cold water no it's nice
it's a warm day so you should get in the
hot day how is it ollie
when your fishing pole just went out to
take the trash out and look what I found
that is another snake you guys this
apparently is a garter snake but the
guys who are installing the fence right
now they they saw it and they basically
cut its head off garter snake isn't as
bad as a rattlesnake but he was like I
don't care if I see a snake cut his head
off and I was like I probably wouldn't
blame you honestly then Jim thought it
would be funny to put it on the trash
can look at that though it's crazy
I'm gonna touch it oh oh oh it's still
kind of squishy oh oh don't think I will
ever get used to having snakes on our
property now we are putting up like a
special type of fencing that should
hopefully limit it can't probably do it
100% karma you want to go swim in you
wanna go swimming karma everyone's been
swimming except for you huh and me
actually would love to go swimming that
sounds amazing right now coming out the
ball not the ball go get it get get it
the water feels great don't be a baby
just do it go get it get that ball
get that ball come and get the ball
jumping go get up off go get that ball
go on get that ball
he's such a baby oh my gosh he went over
to the shallow end first oh my gosh the
pool is looking amazing it was a mess
this morning and I threw in our little
robot cleaner and she is getting it done
I love that thing it crawls up
everywhere and the pool seriously looks
incredible now awesome gotta love
technology
it's lunchtime for Finn and he is
munching on some bananas and then we've
got some frozen peas and carrots and so
far he's liking it I don't know if he's
even gotten any of the peas in there you
mentioned I'm the piece at all honestly
I'm amazed at his hand-eye coordination
already like they say with baby like
meaning that they just learned how to
like pick things up and put them where
they need to go faster and it is pretty
cool and he's wanting to like grab a
hold of it like a little bit more
because if he drops it then he like
reaches for it and so yeah he's doing
pretty good I'm pretty proud of I'm
pretty impressed like I've said this
before I'm I'm loving baby leg meaning
other than this mess it kind of makes me
crazy I'm always like can I choose the
least messiest but it doesn't matter
what it is he seems to always make a
mess though and then it goes everywhere
you're a mess ha you guys I am so
excited I'm in my office and I think we
have the internet finally figured out we
are in a one-story house and so covering
the entire house is internet proven
quite difficult but what we did now is
we have a router on one end of the house
and then on the opposite end where I am
right now in my office we have another
router
all of them are hardwired now which
means that ethernet cords go all the way
through that roof and now finally we
have good internet everywhere it is so
excited I just ran through and did a
speed test on the iPad this is in my
office this is in the middle of the
house and this is on the other side of
the house look at that those are good by
the way if you don't know what that
means I finally just feel like
everything is connected well working
well which is fantastic
and I don't know if I actually showed
you guys my office but we are getting a
ton of stuff done so we had TV guys hang
the TV hooked up those speakers to it to
the ps4 Apple TV
that's my receiver for those speakers
Jim and I hung up that and then I
actually got the hutches from my desk
hung up on the wall - how cool is that I
love this
now the hutches are up on the wall I
have all of this desk space yeah yeah
I'm really excited because my office is
coming together and it's just going to
be a really cool creative space where I
can just be creative have fun edit big
Yoos come up with video ideas play video
games to be really nice I've been
wanting a home office like this for a
really long time and it's finally
happening but I don't think Missy is too
happy with all this on the ground so I
think I have to get like a little table
for under that cabinet right there
it's okay all fucked up l'm the hat it's
goodbye come on what are they doing oli
like save me aunty all he loves when
Papa puts on dinosaur movies uh-oh this
kid a mess
Matt oh my goodness who does he look
like today oh look at the clothes he's
wearing look like leave it in the
comments one of our good friends left
their clothes here no idea she just got
him dressed like Jim what do you think
about that surround sound pretty nice
pretty nice we got all these speakers
hooked up finally with a receiver and it
sounds amazing in here and I even have a
sub woofer look at that thing crank it
out device do you think these are gonna
give Ollie nightmares I can always sue
the bad part no you don't you skip to
the bad parts
Oh Ollie don't stand that close
yeah there's some fun they meant to do
that all right you guys I think we're
gonna call it a night we had a very
productive day got lots of really cool
stuff done for the house tomorrow we
actually get our closet installed which
is really cool cuz it's been a mess in
there and yeah we're doing a couple more
things just to finish the house up but I
hope you guys enjoyed watching this vlog
and I hope you've been enjoying watching
our journey putting our house together
I'm having a ton of fun with what we've
been showing you so far and we do have
more coming in the way of house tours
soon as everything is ready or each room
is ready we're gonna be showing them to
you in full detail and we're actually
really excited about this video but
anyway that's all for today's vlog if
you guys enjoyed it be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe like and
subscribe right there baby thank you so
much for watching and we will see
is home
in the
so good calling attack
I can say
I am home
and that's
