I've always gotta clean up these toys
here gonna put them back here we go
there we go oh yeah we're all done good
morning guys we're hanging out here just
in the kitchen about to eat some awesome
breakfast we've got our orange juice
we've got our sauces then we've got it
that's my camera bro shoo you always do
this what I'm doing I'm hanging out your
house hi Calvin
we are hanging out with Brian Missy
today it is going to be awesome
pull the intro look at those good teeth
look at that hair
look at that beard you're real he's
really here you guys a new house this is
so beautiful thank you guys I'm so
surprised how fast things are just
getting up and we're trying you're
working it hard
they're like house to house tour we're
like we're trying we gotta finish the
house before we can tour it pretty much
we've got the sneak peak access though
it's been good yeah they got the VIP
celebrity access always when you guys
come tonight we're doing something fun
you guys we're getting our groove on oh
yeah
tonight it's gonna be a blast Ellie and
Jared are here for just a day or so we
got breakfast and we're just getting
ready hanging out gonna get all gussied
up soon yes those basics biscuits are
good huh chick-fil-a biscuits are the
bomb hey hey Vinnie spin and Calvin are
hanging out relaxing all cool they just
went through Ellie's purse do you find
any goodies in there any gum work where
are you going oh hell East Hook you I
was prepared for when she got here for
her to turn in too loud Ellie
it's so much fun oh look all three boys
hanging out now huh where's Jackson
yeah Jackson no home Jackson's watching
this video you want to say hi to him
yeah say hi Jackson say I miss you see
I'll see you soon
uh-huh these two boys though up to no
good
what'd you find in there anything good
maybe some lipstick mix some lipstick
maybe some gum hey buddy hey buddy I
love your shirt
looking stylish you guys we got a
teespring package and I'm so excited I'm
gonna open it right now oh gee got those
fresh snips fresh snips Anna
14 yeah how freaking cool is that look
dude that looks so cool you're on the
song - I know dude :
look at that look at that CK Swagger's I
got the CK I love the meter I love the
colors so good man these turned out so
good yes if you guys are watching this
the music video is up right now so go
check it out link down below in the
description me jarrod and Colin had a
blast filming it in Alabama so much fun
go watch it and click the thumbs up
button on that video Ellie looking good
Cassie looking good
finneus seem again getting finicky
finicky Finn getting ready for tonight's
festivities you didn't tell me my zipper
was down Brian
sorry on the whole thing in my zipper
listen sorry Vera Singh that hair though
I need I have here no I haven't done it
yet Oh black is like like a heavy please
stop hey Jared I don't know how to tie
tie cuz my dad wasn't present during my
growing up times so I need you to fill
in and Tommy I can I didn't well do you
want me to tie it on you yes do you want
to do you wanna have funds or a double
Windsor or sorry a full Windsor a double
Windsor a half cap Windsor half windsor
I'm going to double thanks bro
I actually feel like this is a really
big honor
wait should you be in front of me are
you trying to make it more awkward
okay Bryan how do I do you did amazing
thank you it's a good knot it's a good
length I think it's perfect looks really
great look at Oregon piss why going on
dang you rocked that Pitt sweat rocket
dude you you got it when you like meters
gotta own it you don't even know
hey ollie mom and dad are going out
tonight okay so you're gonna hang out me
me and pop up be on your best behavior
give me kiss love you give up my kiss oh
you gotta love you
oh let's do that kiss all right you guys
we are all dressed up we are with Ellie
and Jared
there is Lovings on this lemon tree I'm
sorry the tree that's gonna be a new
meme Missy what the heck is here right
now
Wow are we taking this we're taking a
limo to dancing
Oh like royalty dudes like I've ever
seen look honestly it's the easiest way
to travel with so many people cuz
Cassie's coming Ben's coming Jeffrey's
coming and you can come I'll let you go
but yeah we get to take this beauty to
Hollywood this is so fun babe reminds me
when you accidentally ordered that one
limo that one time I'm so jealous cuz
it's gonna be my first limo ride don't
oh yeah
first limousine right y'all come on in
this is so cool Jefferson in the limo
this is how we do know that is gone
Jeffrey is playing with the lighting
settings right now in the limo and we're
having such a blast partying in here how
cool is this you guys stay comfortable
on a scale of one to ten I would say
it's definitely a super-awesome I would
say this is like the coolest way to
travel Tom say
all right you guys we're backstage at
the CBS lot getting ready for Dancing
with the Stars ton of youtubers here we
got Shay and grace
Nikki Philip Carl and ginger I'm where
Steve look she's already dancing
yeah we're getting ready to go in they
always make you dance the first hour and
get nice and sweaty yeah I think we're
headed in now that's cool dude you
didn't get to go last time on no oh yeah
what let's go dude I dare you just touch
a bunch of buttons and just mess the
whole production up walking now to our
seats I think we're actually in the
front yeah dude so we can't make any
like lewd comments VIPs like it'll be
kinda sweet
you
all right if you decided to actually
stay back in the limo and hang out with
Finn but Jeffrey are actually like right
on the scene
creating literally off the stage that
stands for the start
and all the dancers around right now and
they are about to rehearse for the
opening number
what stuff
Leona Lewis in the building
hey guys so we just got home had such a
long day we went to the Dancing with the
Stars thing and then we actually that I
have like a huge dinner with everyone
that went so there was like Grace and
Chester and Shay and Phil and all our
other friends and stuff it was really
fun and it's so late now we just got
back but yeah we had a great day hope
you guys enjoyed the vlog and watching
it if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment and be sure to also go check out
the fresh snips music video which is now
up and completely crazy link down below
go click it so fun what's up Vince
is home in the
good point I guess
I'd say yeah
I am home
