what's going on here calling we've let
the pop drop and lock this thing down
I'm telling uh another day saw pigs run
whoo we get it
give money guys from Alabama that's how
they that's how we do in Alabama as day
one of the fresh snips and a fool take a
gas video shoot
are we just calling it fresh snips are
we calling it the full thing or FS yes
oh my goodness
I made my entrance dude XANA fresh snips
Anna let me tell you that entrance was
smoother then a baby in the sunshine
dude look at the shirt one chip I got
him at about about you like to use it at
Walmart and it's like honestly one of my
favorite dinner
feels like really rough is it even
comfortable it is actually caught okay
it's a little bit rough but that's just
how it is
that's a lot yeah Randy Anderson coming
over he's gonna help us film which is
really cool excited to get it done Jeff
is getting his vlog up working we all
working hard blowing up that boom box he
got there oh she dropped her milk okay
hey hey guys hey guys I am she eats the
mac and cheese shapes just like Ollie -
you got to get her the Star Wars ones
now I'd be important we're going to
learn about Star Wars and then it would
be a match
good morning we are home I had such a
good night sleep
wasn't like a ton of hours but it just
felt good I feel well rested and my mom
and dad are here with me and Ollie is
hanging out fins hanging out I'm really
excited because while we were gone we
got granite in this is our countertops
are finally in we're still not done we
still don't really have a sink so don't
try and wash in dishes today and I still
don't have a stove I don't have my
backsplash yet in fact I haven't even
picked out the backsplash yet I think I
know what I want but I still have to do
that so things are definitely still
crazy here but I'm so happy that at
least have countertops because it is
honestly so hard to even like unpack
when you can't like touch this yeah
today is going to be probably a super
super busy day I'm bummed because I sent
footage to Brian last night specifically
like I went to my parents at like
midnight sent the footage spent like an
hour there waiting for it to completely
upload but then this morning when he
went to try to download it it just
wouldn't download maybe it was too much
footage I'm not sure so I just spent
most of my morning editing the vlog or
my part of the vlog and now I have to go
back down to my mom's and go and send it
so um it's kind of been kind of a crazy
morning it's gonna be a couple crazy
days but I'm excited to just be home it
doesn't even matter I don't even care
what I'm doing I'm home and I'm happy
and I'm gonna start unpacking getting my
house ready Oh miss Macy Gaines is going
hard with that music fresh snips Anna
fresh snips Anna fresh snips and a full
tank of gas
she likes to fill the music so she's
close right on top there you go there
you go I just made it to breakfast and
uh because my kitchen doesn't work and I
have nothing in the house we had to go
to breakfast and we're all starving to
death and I really want to show you guys
Finn check this out he's officially in a
highchair and he loves it don't you you
love it
he was so cute by the way guys at least
if I can show you you got two little
teeth in there that
I don't think so that Ben doesn't Mele
you have the creamer thank you
disagreement na na nananana this is home
we are going to the Super Target I
literally haven't been in a target and
so long : I feel so honored to go to
your target this is where you target
ball dude this is where all that dope
Randy actually oh yeah we got Randy
Anderson here go check him out on
youtube links down below in the
description he's helping us out today
first obviously we got to run to target
hey look at these balls yeah lots of
YouTube channel here in Bama roll tide
smack dab on the screen I was no cheese
crowd oh yeah we got to try that
oh yes can't wait if we see anyone
wearing like a Alabama should we just do
it anyone coincide with anyone anyone
anyone dancing alright we're gonna do it
proof to you guys how hardcore Bama fans
Auburn Kiwi Robert
don't say anything roll Todd
I thought we supposed to do that like
that that little boy said roll tide did
you hear that
he's a man was that too loud yeah that's
what you told me to do know when you're
at a game oh I thought you said anywhere
like roll tide right oh oh dude you're
gonna get me beat up and Target for
making a quick shopping spree because we
need food in our new house and so I've
been getting all kind of stuff yes
there's cookie dough
you caught me but I'm actually excited
here this is the shopping trip where I
shop for thin Jesse this is a six month
old so he can start eating foods and I'm
really really going to try and do baby
like me so I've been buying all kinds of
yummy foods that he could eat and just
like non cuz he's not really probably
gonna eat on it he's probably you know
like she want it suck on it
I don't know so just gotten some
watermelon actually got him some bell
peppers they thought I'd you know cut
those up
I got him some avocado yeah it's kind of
like a bunch of really yummy foods and
it's just fun and not like kind of
carefree and I want to be like to stress
about it
so I'm really excited it's kind of crazy
and I'm buying you food like real food
huh yeah you're gonna start eating real
food what do you think of that oh yeah I
get it J the juice is getting loose and
got an attack oh we got another cut the
tag yeah cut the tag off
we just bought him some black clothes
got it with the scissors cool tip wait
wait we are are yet ready okay this is
behind the scenes and the music oh you
guys we just got a ton of stuff from the
dollar store in Target we're gonna have
a blast we are shooting behind this
abandoned building got lots of cool
different options just have fun this is
really cool
a hearing of a exporter bullet cereal
milk later the race oh is this really my
face alright so we are home and right
now I have my kitchen a must I am trying
to unpack the kitchen my goal is to have
the kitchen completely unpacked by
tonight so that I can move on to other
parts of the house the kitchen does tend
to be like the most complicated so I've
got all my family here right now so I'm
like I should do it now because
everyone's here so I have help so always
in the playroom playing with auntie I
seriously love that the playroom is
right off from the kitchen so I can keep
an eye on the kids while I'm doing
things in the kitchen and it's just like
it's so nice and he loves it here you
make the total mess huh Zack you play in
wow so far we have most of the cats on
the cabins are on here and the faucet is
not on here yet but it will be as of
tomorrow morning so that we were gonna
make dinner in here but I was like we
can't make dinner with without like a
way to clean our dishes or stuff like
that so I finally have the stove in
which is cool I've been just filling up
all my like pots and pans areas and
filling up my cupboards with cups and
bowls and plates this over here is
probably my favorite feature of the
whole kitchen so this is just a huge
cabinet this used to be desk areas so
that you could like have like your
paperwork and stuff but I was like I
really don't need a desk area so this is
going to be for all the you tent use all
those things that I use to make things
so like I have a waffle maker a juice
maker a popcorn maker
um just a chocolate maker I have like
all the things to make anything that you
want so I have to find a new place for
this but other than that this cabinet
wants the doors are on here so nice open
being it frees up all the space for all
these cupboards so I don't have to put
just a ton of things that I really use
so it's really nice
captain Krunk is in the buildin you guys
yo yo yo
making an appearance
dude you look awesome you got one you
got the teeth you got the glasses to
change the fuch boombox is gonna be on a
vh1 wars last time we could just hang
out behind a building in and honestly on
a Tuesday in Alabama holy shoot in a
friggin a music video man I need some
money some spray paint we're not doing
anything illegal
all right sin has a cool new trick to
show us I'm hoping he'll actually do it
so let's see want it you want this okay
couldn't get it right try it up here
come here come crowd with table here we
go a guest has to start out up yes there
we go hi oh yeah but I need to go come
here stand up show me how you stand it
this seems like your perfect link oh oh
look at that baby is standing right up
so I know that took a little bit of
convincing but he does that without us
like telling him to do it like we just
walk over knees your skin and he'll just
be standing about the table it is the
craziest thing like I do not encourage
this like it just happens like I didn't
I'm not like you need to walk like I
feel like he's just gonna suck oh okay
okay the one thing though about a
six-month-old that stands up is that
they're not actually quite ready and so
I don't know I feel like she yeah they
can't get down they can't actually yeah
they can't actually manage the standing
up you know they fall back they hit
their head and so it's a little bit
scary that he just does it you just do
it drone time with my man breaking it
out dude
screenshot I mean some smooth shots so
we're getting some shots for the music
video we're actually right outside a
Piggly Wiggly we are in Piggly Wiggly
filming things out and look at what
games is doing oh my gosh she tore
through that you are annihilating it
okay you need all the goodbye you have a
bite told me to help you here that's
good sharp cheddar to haunts my teeth
she said yes that's good stuff that's
the good stuff it is yeah I don't get
the shop with a lot of little girls your
back yeah you normally shop with ollie
but he's just as a just as rebellious as
you you guys are like two peas in a pod
he do you say I got my life no say hi to
ollie he's watching this doing away
she's shy right now ollie
she's shy but she's been talking about
you all day and she really likes you
okay
she misses to you she she misses you do
you smell it
ah smell it we are headed into place
called what Jimin next Jimin next time
you ready for this girl
is this your new girl she would have so
much fun with hey and Liv I want a
southern belle Colin you know a
restaurant is good when they don't even
have the name of the restaurant on there
they literally just have a pig
I guess the names right there on the
sign but big ol pea growing all eat some
girl all right I've got my boys to Ken
I've also got my whole family we're just
missing Brian we've got the fire going
and we're just chilling and hanging out
we have been a very very busy day but
I'm getting stuff done which is really
good who do we miss Olly you miss Payne
live do you miss daddy yeah you're his
daddy oh yeah you miss : I miss Colin um
but anyways
we are gonna go ahead and the vlogs I'm
going to edit this really quick so I can
send it to Brian so that our videos can
maybe not be late for one like go ahead
and give this video a thumbs up if you
guys enjoyed it hey show me yours come
shoot the tongue hey see you tomorrow
hey so I've been sitting under this
umbrella with these lights and I just
now realized that they're changing
colors look at that dude it's like magic
right now that's crazy so cool looking
there you can when you talk with this D
card in your mouth get it you know how
to do it oh thanks before gig is that
music is that legal in Alabama yes go
chilling with all the boys getting some
headed and dine out on the porch oh yeah
she's here - well that boys there -
hanging with that boy hanging out with
Brooks chilling on your bladder water
like this is Franco later oh man we had
such a fun night we had such an awesome
day be sure to stick around because we
have plenty more comment be sure you
guys subscribe to all these peoples all
their links are down below in the
description thank you guys for watching
if this vlog and thumbs up I love you
babe I will see you very soon
you too Ollie be good for your mom okay
okay everyone said by my boots Maisie
while these guys if you believe you're
not
raise your head
and make the job
you might be scared
you like it
and that's alright jörgen grudges
see
