money good morning guys it is big final
hours of playlist this is officially
over and we are packing up and moving
out
we've got the whole fam
good morning Olly there is a big ol
balloon in the sky right now it looks
really cool it's not quite a hot-air
balloon no dude we don't have the whole
family we're nothing Brian and Jimmy yes
Brian is actually off to Alabama early
this morning and I'm really excited for
him he's gonna have a lot of fun there
but I'm headed home but our flight isn't
until like late tonight I'm not super
late but it's definitely a late flight
especially with kids I'm a little
nervous about that but we've got
basically an entire day to kind of kill
before we gotta head to the airport so
worried not you know where to go check
out that t-rex cafe that we were talking
about the other day and hopefully we can
get in there and kind of do something
fun before we gotta get on a plane today
good morning guys Jeffrey and I are
rushing through the airport
headed to our flight I'm actually not
leaving with Missy and the boys today
I'm headed to Emma Geoffrey night and we
actually remember something really cool
which we're really excited this morning
we were supposed to leave at 8 a.m. and
Geoffrey tuxedo - and woke me up another
like a good old Russian moon a to wake
you up I didn't know we made it thought
we were plenty of time I just like
paranoid I left everything I didn't get
to say a proper goodbye to like Olly
orphan or Missy had to kiss everyone and
head out um guys I think this guy took a
wrong turn
oh so cute though he's in like a little
boat watch your chili I really
comfortable a lake is where I would get
connecting boat service Holly look do
you see any dinosaurs but
Oh oh my goodness that is a big old Dino
to your ex huh Jeffrey and I just had to
stop for a minute and get some massages
at the airport chair massages huh yeah I
feel so good we are at our layover in
Georgia headed to our flight to Bama and
I think we're gonna be there around the
same time Jared gets into so that's dope
Jeffrey look we're in a jungle do you
see any monkeys Oh walk so many monkeys
okay is right there was one right there
you see it we're on a moving sidewalk
and I feel like Superman sidewalk is
ending look at it say hi
they have a film at night
they have a builded I know like a
build-a-bear workshop at the t-rex place
I'm pretty cool oh it's not that one
hey what's that right there
oh my god I know sir angry
I think the meteors are kidding
roll tide baby and we're here now I get
mean Alabama what what do you get all
time it's because it's an Alabama state
we're now man yeah just got into Alabama
I think Jarrod's here too so we're gonna
try and spot him so we had an awesome
lunch at the TRS cafe which was really
fun the food was in and I think if I
didn't have all a there it would have
been like really kind of obnoxious
because it was just so loud and like
like sometimes they were like roaring
like crazy but now we're just hanging
out downtown the weather was actually
super nice and we're about to call an
uber but all wait has set up a little
bit of street art here on the road he
stuck his scissors that were at Cohen's
performance into these uh pipes and
every time someone walks by people look
at it like what the heck I would just
have one lady come walk by pick it up
she thought it was so weird to used it's
like pretend cut her hair and then she
like took a selfie with it and then
she'd suck it right back in there so um
basically we're just entertaining people
now right that's very modern yes I love
it it's interactive you can just walk up
to it use it take selfies with it put it
back
hey excuse me sir have you seen the
restroom and I actually just came out of
it hello hi guys it's Jared dude we're
in Alabama we're we've never been in
roll it's again fact dude everyone has
accents like Katie and : well it's
amazing you know that's when my accident
starts coming out it does every single
time we're with them it's the action
you're gonna be Granberry we need the
whole crew I never met is this real ever
that's not really happening
I killed luckily heal you oh man that is
a Piggly Wiggly grab that buggy we're
with JD ha ha ha ha
baby big goes over the airport and now
we are headed to go see Colin we got the
whole crew yeah here we go are you
editing still keep uploading
oh you're uploading with my data dude
dog is already up chicken c-money in the
hizzle see some sweet tea what's up man
do them in Bama gosh this is crazy
awesome beautiful boy Brian wait a
minute
oh wow hi hi baby girl
hi I'm gonna give you a big sweaty hug
oh hi oh she's coming she's coming here
this was the what isn't it good 1950 454
for that we drove away in on our wedding
night
as big hit oh this is a beauty hahahaha
the hood ornaments gotta look at the
interior it's got a cool if it's got a
jet plate-glass hot it's got the
Ludacris mode yeah
Ludacris mode is a great job keeping it
up the interior looks amazing my god it
was right done it was ready that about
ten years all right
15 years ago so cool wow that's really
good Rick shine use this thing
yeah oh yeah we can't we can that'd be
so cool as long as you have your you're
blessed
okay all right Colin is giving us a
little tour of Grand Island Doc's house
this is crazy
are you here from the southern to the
crazy crazy I have a marker all right
let's write the next thing here write
something here everyone is ready
that was the first time when we came
here where is it we're here on the crazy
Colin says hey baby
call me me write that isn't that magical
ending oh my goodness you Pig okay I
gotta write daily mom so look you sided
I understand he was laughing leaning
what is that crazy oh my god actually
went in I wanna ladies down alright let
you tear the books right in the u.k
ready Hey
and then we got the hey there you go
I brought my mic hey Olli where we going
everyday we're going home um we are at
our gate we made it in plenty of time
but I only had a little bit of a
meltdown all the way and so we stopped
we ate some food and we're a lot happier
we've got Garrett with us he actually is
catching the ride back with us but
everyone else like Hanna Andrew and
Natalia and all them they're on a
different plane so we're kind of bummed
that we're not flying home with them but
we'll see them when we get there and I'm
hopefully this flight goes to because
always been a little bit of an
interesting that a kid today haven't you
I'm gonna what are you drinking Oh milk
screaming they come and see you in the
don't wet yourself you know I had to you
know I had to here with the any others -
hey no you just don't know you smell
nice hey guys she smells good in person
a little - hahaha cranberry is in the
building ladies and gentlemen the party
has begun with the duck rock goodies I
brought well oh this is my harperman
we're sharing he's off any other phone
call well done oh I thought it was
pooping it in fresh giggles where you
stopped she just went through all the
tweets I'm frying them I just did back
if you're not following Jared and I have
Twitter don't follow us and go check out
check it out is how we do to keep each
other entertained so funny follow me on
Twitter I'm bringin oh yeah I look like
every once in a while when you're a big
girl anga underwire just been used nice
meat they'll eventually pop through it
yeah in college
seriously one day I was doing this right
and I could figure out what was up
tickling my neck you know and I was
doing this and it was my underwear okay
make it grand guys just bullet full of
cool stars like that's ready sitting
here all just chatting
yes go ahead I've been waiting for this
for so long just to see here in
childhood Granberry you're just like
listening to her time no it was surreal
being here at home and Katie's house and
we're having such a blast we have so
many fun things planned so stay tuned
and if you're not subscribed to this guy
go subscribe go subscribe to this guy go
subscribe to this guy yeah bye babe bye
ollie I miss you guys and I will see you
really soon thank you guys for watching
we'll see you ma√±ana bye bye
finn has made it home how was your how
was everything it was good actually the
kids did surprisingly well on the flight
always slept the entire flight he was a
tired boy he slept over four hours on
the flight Finn was off and on but
actually slept a lot
I got like as severe headache I've never
had a headache like this before but it
made me so sick that I had to throw up
that's how sick in like hit me it was
just it was like terrible I still have
like a lingering headache but it's much
better than it was when I was on the
flight I think they're calling it like
an altitude headaches out of us yeah
they'll call airplane headaches yeah it
was it was brutal oh my gosh I thought
it was really weird cuz I was like three
hours into the flight yeah hey yeah that
was weird
they got it good it was really really
rough so um but yeah now we are finally
home or in that home right maybe Papa's
my mom and dads and then we're actually
headed in minute to our house I'm so
excited to get to our house but I'm
gonna send this footage off to Brian I'm
so excited that he's in Alabama I wish I
could be there but also I'm really happy
to be home so hopefully he has fun I'm
excited for when he comes home too so I
am gonna go ahead and the fall go I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video give it a
thumbs up if you did say thumbs up say
whaa see tomorrow what do you say Hey
my hand here and my feet roll tide right
there smack dab on the screen got some
fresh clothes I'll be you're looking
hotter than a boiled peanut yeah that's
what I mean what you got
yes I know it's true fresh tube setup
fresh snips fresh the full tank of gas
fresh steps fresh
