oh you're a little bunny your little
bunny as you are your eyes are so big
buddy
good morning Finn where are we what are
we doing are you so excited school first
day school first day of swim class for
little Finny here we just took a picture
of him in this chair and we have one of
Olli and it too on his first day so cute
he's got a swim trunks on all he's got
his swim trunks on we got Mimi here for
support are you excited to swim again
Olli well you already know how to swim
you're a good swimmer we're gonna put
him in a private class and then Finn is
gonna be in the group class he's a
little baby guppy we're gonna see how he
does hopefully does good hopefully all
he does good without us he always want
me to get in yeah show me Athena go yeah
Oliver with six months when he started
fin class and finished six months so
it's gonna be exciting hopefully we have
two little swimmers
see I got to say all he's doing a lot
better than I thought I'm glad you even
swimming with her
a limited really well today I'm gonna
focus on floating on his back by in
South America and renewed for being one
of our cool rounds like no reaching
interval no running okay good job
ollie he did so good
all right now it's little finish turn he
loves
all right we just got done with swim
school and it was so good both boys did
awesome oli you did so good
you listen to your swim teacher and she
taught you all kinds of stuff wrong and
you showed her all your tricks we did so
good I'm so proud of you yeah yeah he
really did good I was worried that he
would get a little bit of anxiety
because he gets a little nervous with it
when he's not with me but he got in
which was hardest part and then after
that he did everything that she wanted
and I think he's actually going to start
learning again because for awhile like
it's just kind of stagnant in the class
he wasn't really moving forward because
he was so like emotional about not being
with me that I think now actually starts
like learn so that's exciting and Finn
did good Finn actually went underwater
his first class he was kicking and
moving his arms and it was just really
often I was really proud of him too
all right we are at Mimi and Papa's
house hanging out with aunty eating some
lunch what did you get Olly what is that
I know it's a big pirate ring
yeah skull and crossbones that's pretty
cool huh
yes Finn is eating chocolate milk he's
just chewing on the bottle actually cuz
he likes chewing on stuff he's just to
it on the bottle you're drinking it he's
chewing on it gay thank you I'm outside
- yeah we are gonna run around in this
backyard I'm awesome energy all he
doesn't know it but when we get home
he's taking an na P what Dino
so many dinos
ah hey is the dinosaur gonna eat Kota
make the dinosaur yokota the dinosaurs
gonna eat you Kona Holly what are you
gonna go do he's got the microscope or
the telescope right what are you looking
looking for treasure see you do you see
me look in the toe look in the telescope
say hi cook you buddy climbing up the
rock wall climbing up the rock wall look
at you that's light fun that is bobafet
hanging out with a giant turtle yeah
bye-bye oh yeah oh there goes oh you
don't across dude
auntie what's going on here I'm trying
to get this wax back Cassie went to the
as seen on TV store and got a ton of
hilarious products and she's actually
filming a really fun video with Ollie
right now which is adorable Friday you
do this videos with Ollie and then I'm
like oh my gosh all he needs his own
channel he's so smart and funny to watch
like we need to do a channel with him
Missy ones that'd be hilarious so I'm
actually gonna link Cassie's channel
down below go to it subscribe and you
will see a future video on her channel
with Ollie she has another one with
Ollie on her channel too and it was so
cute all you haven't fun filming videos
with auntie I'm lost so confused
alright we are finally home Ollie had a
good little nap in the car didn't you
yeah I got you some snacks okay there's
some chips in there and some apple juice
do you not open this you just open the
little monkey and then you can grab your
chips like that okay he's hanging out in
the playroom watching a little show are
you chill buddy yeah he found some chill
missy is also chillaxing in our bed I
just replaced the bulbs that were in
here with these really cool Edison bulbs
so we got our night stand lights yeah
Missy loves it yeah cuz that's where the
original ones worked which by the way
they weren't even centered so we
actually had to Center them and then we
lowered them we'll be filling those in
with something really cool Missy's got a
project she'll be doing Finn has joined
oli in the playroom
would you playing with buddy you got
like a big hand scoop thing and a car oh
that's cool
Lou and your Bumbo tabletop look it you
can see yourself ooh cool oli by the way
we need to update your chalkboard it
still says welcome home dead on it yeah
you want to put a new design on it okay
all right you can have blue
and I will take white draw me a picture
who draw house can you draw house there
was a dino there yeah draw a big house
like this Olly there's a nice little
house that must be a rainstorm coming to
attack the house huh yeah yeah with a
door Ali what's that kitty cat you want
to pet it pet the kitty
oh you can't hold the kitty it's a chalk
drawing you need to get this get a cache
you want a baby kitty yeah he wants a
baby kitty you guys alla fine baby kitty
I got Nick a longneck whoa you actually
kind of did do a longneck can you draw
some more for me
it is dinnertime and we are cooking lots
of yummy food those are gonna be amazing
that's tri-tip that's gonna be amazing
that's amazing we got food on the stove
that's amazing
and this little kid is eating an amazing
dinner as well aren't you oh my gosh you
are so messy you have made such a mess
messy but he is enough loving me like
he's so happy and I've been snapping my
pastas oh you're a little bunny your
little bunny as you are I like it that
is actually adorable
your eyes are so big buddy
yes Finn has been making quite the mess
over here is he done with dinner baby
yeah just got all dinner done Missi
actually did most of it I kind of just
finished up while she was taking care of
the kids but yeah we made sweet cheddar
biscuits and we actually use the gym and
Nick's recipe which is this amazing
southern restaurant we went to when we
were in Alabama and I absolutely loved
it and I love the biscuits they make
these sweet cheddar biscuits they're
sweet but they have cheese okay so it's
amazing so we made them tonight and I'm
so excited to try them because you can
eat them for breakfast you can mean as
snacks hopefully we don't need all of
them
so that there's something left for
tomorrow oh yeah we just made tri-tip
and like potatoes and pasta and lots of
yummy stuff so we're gonna get dinner
going and grub love the trying of the
sweet cheddar biscuits has kill me else
may be bitten god I wish you were here
so you can taste this well you get to
same time cuz you living out valley
missing you need to try this try it
you're gonna love it
mmm sweet I can get some cheddar e-baby
did amazing okay so I'm sweet but yet I
know it almost like um a really sweet
cornbread almost I know it's amazing
right in case you're pretty close to it
you how they taste exactly like a yeah
yeah awesome present go
all right you guys I think that's all
for today's video but I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did be sure to give it
a big thumbs up subscribe to come and
check out all those links thank you guys
so much for watching
is home in the
good Hornets I can
can't say it
I am home
Oh
