yeah oh yeah get it there you go
Oh these big ones are fun too Finn knows
it watch that stopped him dead and his
drugs didn't and mr. user did morning
guys how's it going this morning I have
Jurassic world on for the kids
I know appropriate but all he's been
begging to watch Jurassic world and I'm
feeding these kids breakfast what are
you eatin dinos you got your little toy
dinos are they eating all your openal
this morning yeah Paulie this one's
called a Brachiosaurus daddy yeah that
was actually really good good job buddy
yeah yeah long neck how's your breakfast
good yesterday Hannah actually brought
over this bread it's a cinnamon raisin
bread and it's from great harvest bread
company and it is so good she brought it
over yesterday you guys she brought it
over yesterday it was like this big
we've been munching on it all day
because it's just amazing and it's a
really good breakfast it's easy to just
cut up and warm up and Finn likes it too
cuz he's gumming it like crazy aren't ya
yes
we just got done I don't even want to
talk right now
I want to talk about it the girls talked
me into a trampoline workout class and I
think I'm gonna die how you're walking
where am I going
it was fun
I'm going home I think Finn's cutting so
ooh Ali you got some lunch what do you
eat in it's a orange orange se that's
orange it's the color orange and
macaroni and cheese is orange and look I
even got you some cookies
I'm such an awesome dad aren't I yeah I
made Ollie and Payton a little lunch and
they're sitting in the playroom eatin
and watching blues house we actually put
a little TV here just for them it's got
all sorts of songs and games and shows
that are for toddlers only so it'll be
really nice to have their own little
space they can sit down here and watch a
show we don't have to have kids shows
going out on the main TV all the time
all right we got some packages in the
mail and look what came with it ollie
bubble wrap you want to jump on it jump
jump jump
oh hey anyone in on this pains hanging
out with ollie this morning you want to
jump on it look at you go do it ollie go
go go yeah oh yeah get it there you go
this is always fun in our house oh these
big ones are fun too Finn knows it watch
that stopped him dead in his tracks
didn't mr. user did Ollie come pluck
these ones they're big pop up pop it pop
it jump those ones are little harder
yeah
Ben likes it get it get it all I get it
you got some down here whoo whoo do you
remember when we lived with your mom and
dad and your mom gets so mad at me cuz
I'd pop them and then all the dogs would
freak out
vo would like so skanky now we can pop
them yay
all right the kids are up from their
naps we'll all except Payton Ollie and
Finn her up and live it's home from
school did you have fun at school yeah
yeah I heard you napped at school did
you take naps at school Oh Peyton is
still sleeping Smith okay I want to show
you something pretty cool that just came
in got our new shoe bucket and I'm
pretty excited about it because
basically there's like a bucket for each
of us so these are my shoes these are
Brian's shoes these are all issues and
well these are Finch's he doesn't have
any yet but they can be like the guest
shoes for now and actually Ollie and
Finn can probably share it for quite a
while and then we'll just have like a
want a bucket just for like guests who
want to take those shoes off and put
them somewhere so I'm really excited
about it and then we have a little
cushion coming and yeah and then we also
had that other succulent holder or the
wine rack and we put the other one on
this wall which I actually love it here
as well there was a couple different
options of where to put it but I felt
like I wanted to kind of finish up this
area what is a battery what's not very
for what's the battery for Holly okay a
gun alright guys let's go play outside
kay okay
hello guys I have brought you to our
pool area our pool guy just laughing
said that we actually need 200 more
pounds of salt in our pool and when we
got this pool it was a chlorine pool
which mega salt is too but we had to
convert into a saltwater on your side
swimming and the salt actually generates
chlorine that it needs in the wall we
don't have those nasty tablet things
float around in the water too yep and it
looks really cool when you dump salt
into the pool so I thought I would show
you guys what it looks like the cool
thing about having a saltwater pool too
is the salt never goes away it will last
forever so even if the pool completely
dries up all the water could be gone and
then all the salt will be at the bottom
of the pool because it's always there
and never evaporate so it's kind of cool
I've never actually done the kind of
pound the song though it is Wow
and it just dissolves in the pool like
yep it's moving something that like all
sinks to the bottom
how do more pounds that means there's
six puncher Thomas oh my gosh say they
also come this summer we're going to be
using the crap out of this pool we
definitely have to keep it maintained
and having a pool is a lot of work but
if you know what you're doing it can
actually be pretty easy what are you
doing dude so today for the first time
he well he was getting up on the
dishwasher like he always says but then
he started cruising along and sort of
walking oh my gosh
oh he's gonna transfer the table what
are you doing mister you think you can
just start walking on us you're so
little
he's so little hi the things you find in
your house when you have a toddler yep
and then I came in here and from this
little guy in the toilet
apparently he needed a little bat live
was that you know was it pay you think
it was pay no it was definitely Ollie
come on let's be honest yes be honest it
was ollie what do you got in your little
monkey there oh I don't want Tywin yeah
thank you you're so nice hmm hey um did
you put one of your stuffed animals in
the toilet yeah yeah why'd you do that
oh did they need a bath yeah why did
they need a bath
oh yeah were they dirty wha hello Kate
ah you want to clean it up
okay go cleaned up yeah it's like no
he's just saying that for the camera
you wanted to fall down the toilet no
key is yucky you put the stuffed animal
in there it's very yucky yeah seriously
what is going on in this house feel like
everywhere I look there's something all
over the place
life with kids babe is very interesting
nothing what are you doing here I'm
making chicken and dumplings yeah my
sound so good
what did we find all these that is a bug
Finn has caught himself a bug get Finn
get it get it Finn get it get it then
get it he really wants to grab it is it
tickle in your leg it's like a little
moth got caught and it's having trouble
flying what is gonna get him huh
there goes there goes there goes there
goes get a Finn give him get thinking it
get them up
he's so happy he's having more four oh
did he get it
he got it oh no no don't eat it don't
eat it is yucky bad just tried to eat a
moth and all he just jumped on me that
is too cool huffing get it get them up
get them up alright Ollie I think we
caused it enough problems let's just
kick it outside can you put it outside
say go away bug bug you better fly out
there Finn is gonna eat you there we go
now it can be set free was that fun boys
that time has come a time of the day
where we must call it k NK you wanna eat
cake I was telling him his birthday is
coming up and he said that he wants a
Dino themed birthday party and he wants
to eat cake and you want to get some
toys right okay hey what's on your shirt
doctor Star Wars stormtroopers dr. King
and what's on your pants okay he's not
broken hey who's on your pants oh yeah
China oh that's the only way to sleep
you guys goals he asleep cold right now
hey thanks for watching
hey give it a thumbs up can you say
subscribe subscribe to our channel if
you guys enjoyed it leave a comment
below check out all those links down
below in the description yeah you are
poking my nose thanks for watching we'll
see you manana
Ollie what do you say I like say bye
instead
this is home in
good porn you're talking
can't say it
I am home
