good morning girls so everyone's awake
except Ollie yeah so I think we should
go wake him up
okay okay Cup he's in our room sleeping
he's on our bed I say you guys go jump
on the bed ahh
Ollie look who's here a budget we need
your help we need your help vegan honey
don't don't don't don't you starting to
eat go steady
holy mess is here who said it's painless
they came to see you you're tired yeah
say good morning he's like what is
happening oh my goodness he's up hard
work jumping I know right yeah
this platform bed is not good for
jumping Missy what are you doing oh I
found a new game called best fiends it's
like this free app and I'm obsessed is
so much fun I've been seeing Missy play
with this game for the past couple of
days now and I know when she gets a hold
of one of these games she does she gets
very upset but this one looks actually
really cute explain to me what is going
on okay so I have these cute little
characters I only have two characters
right now but one is called temper and
one's called Quincy and they eat all
these little symbols like
the heat's believes the temper and then
Quincy eats like the little flowers when
you feed them that then they beat up the
big boss slug guy he's got like crazy
eyes and he looks scary just gotta like
match all these symbols together and you
get further and further along in the
game you get to collect like more
characters which is really cute because
they're all like different so you
actually said they're doing something
special in the game for Mother's Day yes
so in appreciation for mother's best
fiends is giving away a free gift on May
8th on Mother's Day so if you want to
get a free gift play best fiends on May
8th I know as a mom especially when I'm
putting ollie down for a nap or when I'm
breastfeeding I love to play cute fun
apps like this and it's just so easy and
I just love it special thanks to best
fiends for sponsoring today's video if
you guys want to check out the game I
will have a link down below in the
description so click that link to
download your free game today
you
alright guys I'm super excited Oh
diapers are falling out of my me
and the girls Hannah and Natalia are all
meeting at the day spa and we're going
to get massages and hang out sort of
like for Mother's Day I'm really excited
because I don't have a baby or a kid on
me they're both sleeping and napping so
I'm feeling kind of lucky and I'm
excited to kind of just relax and spend
time with my mommy friends so we have
made our way over to my mom and dad's
and we're just hanging out the kids love
it over here all I had to bring is Dinah
with him huh wax oh and a raptor wow
you're so go with your Dino oh and Papas
watching the news
that's what Papa's do you know they
watch the news we're actually just
getting ready because me and Finn are
headed off today to go watch Brian's
show down at this church so we were
super excited about it but oli is gonna
be staying back with Mimi and Papa so
that he doesn't get too tired cuz
actually the show doesn't even start
till like 8:00 p.m. which is really late
for a show so I figured it might be good
for alway to hopefully stay home and go
to bed and have a nice fun night with me
and Papa sound good okay what up guys I
am actually at soundcheck I'm doing a
little show tonight at Crossroads Church
for the class year CD release party I'm
actually really excited to hear more
their stuff live we're just going to be
doing a little set gonna be opening for
them and I gotta say this space is so
cool look at this is the stage and
there's stairs and they're just gonna be
right there that's awesome so we're just
getting all set up right now everything
looks amazing Joe it looks like there's
a fire behind you bro stop drop and roll
stop drop and roll because you're
playing these drums too hard Joe gets
crazy this kid to Jacoby what's up man
you ready to rock out tonight so ready
and the infamous Andrew Sly Fox what's
up bro
always looking good I'm excited dude you
know why I'm it's good fun because we're
gonna rock out tonight
yeah man Bryan Lanning we've only played
a couple shows but I gotta say it's so
fun every single time we do it's so fun
right yeah so much fun there's good
chemistry on Amin dude everyone watching
this is already commenting oMG schwanke
in the back
Sookie oh sorry I just can just so you
guys know swanky buys his shirts one
size smaller
he looks fake it's so true sorry
revealing all your secrets
that's for me extra medium is his side
oh my gosh it just started pouring
randomly it was fine like you said only
this as loud
you see all that race Wow
all right guys just finished soundcheck
got a couple people who want to say
hello hi guys oh hello I'm sit you're
taking pictures of me I'm taking
pictures of you this is gonna be a fun
show I'm really excited look what I just
found in the green room you guys this is
really cool what is this it's just a
tambourine but it's like on a pedal oh
yeah yeah what yeah yeah what I don't
know that's cool I'm backstage about to
hop on bands out there Missy's out there
family friends are out there so it's
gonna be a fun time and everyone in this
room agrees
Emily you guys got Emily you haven't
been on the market a while actually and
you got all the kids here I'm actually
feeling like I definitely should have
brought Olli
but we are just getting ready to watch
Brian go up on date and really excited
sample look at all these awesome people
came to my show thank you guys thank you
all right let me turn there
you
all right I just got off the stage I
feel like I haven't been able to see my
wife went all day we've been running
around like crazy yeah I was having a
mommy day so yeah and you have a good
mommy day yeah yeah um that was such a
blast being on stage there's so many
people here and I was like I was
hesitant about like I'm doing a local
show like that's what I think that's so
it was so much fun just to get to see
people in our area so thank you if you
guys came out to the show fin right now
is in the crowd
so she's crowd surfing she probably go
get him yeah but that was a blast
Oh
tom is our
okay you guys I'm here with Emily I feel
so bad because during my set I was like
sing it and it's very hot up there and
my hands may be sweaty and the
microphone slipped out and watched you
write your head are you okay yeah I'm
really go ahead say what everyone yeah I
wanted to go shout out to my best friend
Breanna she was just she was here and I
wish she was here to wish you were here
we had a blast bro can't even hang right
now look at this that's adorable that
would be oli if he came oh boy Caspian
all right guys I'm here with Laura from
class here just killed it on stage and
got engaged
check it out show it I love it go check
out class you guys they did such a good
job already guys that is all for today's
vlog any vlog but I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did you video Missy is
putting Finn to sleep I'm so exhausted
but we have a super fun day tomorrow so
do not miss tomorrow's vlog okay
homework thanks for watching guys
Benson
home
in the fear
good Hornets
I'd say yeah
I am home
Oh
