oh I got you better I got you Oh guess
what today is
guess what today is Revenge of the fifth
day with Star Wars day today is Revenge
of the fete yeah yeah it doesn't really
make sense that a wookie is holding
Catherine's lightsaber
that's everywhere good money guys we
started our morning with a nice little
lightsaber battle favored battle and
we're excited because today the final
touches are going in on our on our
kitchen we have a backsplash going in
and so everything is being worked on
there right now and I'm super excited oh
my gosh I've been waiting so long so I
don't know if it'll be done today or if
he'll be dead tomorrow but she done very
soon yes
I just put Ollie in the bathtub to play
because he was getting bored and so I
put bubbles in it
I forgot the but did you see my little
thing bubbles everywhere I like what do
you think of this is this cool can you
sit on your bottom why not
shall we oh my gosh there are bubbles
everywhere it's gonna start piling over
here oh wow there's a cup of bubbles put
in like a little tiny bit and the Jets
are just like making it completely
overflow that is insane being nothing
but ink
you
kids are getting ready to take a nap
soon they are starting to get tired
excited tired
it's just about naptime huh hey I want
to show you guys a couple of things that
came in yesterday we got our big
bathroom mirror today actually we got
this yesterday and we're going to hang
that up and it actually cover up those
two holes and then we have new life
being putted above it but I love it is
looks like a really large mirror and
it's got really like slick kind of a
restored wood gray wood all the way
around it and he looks really really
nice I'm actually super happy with it
and then we also got a mirror for our
closet which I don't know if we showed
you the closet yet but it is a disaster
these are boxes there's no closets in
here and then we have temporary like
hangers for our clothes and like
temporary shelves because we're getting
our closet put in like in a couple weeks
so we needed a place obviously to keep
our clothes and John from John's movers
let us use these temporary boxes that
held clothes for a while but I could not
like dig through them like it's
impossible to like pull clothes out of
these sounds like we're going to need
temporary closets so we end up putting
this in and hanging your clothes so at
least we can go through a little bits
pretty much a crazy mess this is the
mirror we just got and it's just like a
nice like leaning mirror it'll probably
stay like this but I'll definitely be
strapping it to the wall so the kids
don't try and mess with it huh yeah I
really love this it's nice and why it's
super pretty and clean and I think it'll
look really good with the new closet
stuff that we're putting it are you
ready for the big review here we go
this is what I caked it's all done I
love it it's so simple so clean very
well right which is just how we wanted
yeah and actually it kind of makes our
cupboards look not as white because they
weren't as we chosen we chose the
antique white for the cupboards yeah I'm
having them all
Tyl makes you see that come about more
which I like yeah I love it I think it
looks only nice one together but no it
looks totally different yeah good boy I
love it so Brian likes to be involved in
a lot of decisions when it comes to the
house attain to this he said this is the
thing I do not care about the least yeah
yeah literally was like I don't care
yeah something so this is basically what
I chose I wanted it to be basically
white but this kind of draws in some
more Gray's in this brick Berkeley I
don't know yeah I don't know if you can
tell but it's very sparkly and I think I
might have to put a ceiling on that just
cuz it's right above the stove yeah but
I love it I just think it's so simple
and pretty and really like it I think
the tile is really nice - it is yep I
just gotta clean it up but locks I'm
coming yeah word out yeah the before is
crazy
um the after is so pretty love it
so I know Missy showed you guys this a
couple days ago but this is our new fish
tank for hashtag hi buddy he has been
getting to work and growing these plants
on top you see how long did this take it
literally grows as you watch it it's
insane
see ya this is our little aquarium
garden and it's going strong and we got
all our venus flytraps in there too
hashtag you got a job you're doing it
right
Polly what do you have Hey popsicle whoa
you have the best mom ever
yeah from Costco and they're organic
cold fruit in an apple cherry yeah but
you have to eat in the kitchen so here
Mimi brought you a chair you can sit in
the kitchen they need it okay okay you
still enough pajamas from nap time
Puckett okay kick kick kick kick that's
possible okay we are doing baby led
weaning and I just have to say tonight
is probably one of the more disgusting
nights to watch fin eat
he has applesauce bell pepper pieces of
banana and now he's actually trying up
nying on a chicken wing okay auntie
makes the banana okay the chicken wing
is probably the cutest thing ever
he is the littlest meat-eater that I've
ever seen right I guess good look he
loved it whoo that was it and this is
just like introducing meat and stuff so
maybe he'll actually meat unlike this
one unlike that one back there he chose
it there yeah if you want to sit
there doesn't go for the chicken wing
yummy yummy
yummy you're grown yeah that's actually
happening I could get you boys baby
leggings fun alright Olli let's race to
your room
Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go
Go Go Go I'm gonna get y'all right Ollie
I have a present for you
you what do you think it is yes you
think it's a dinosaur it could be we got
all a little something to help um at
night you want to see he really wants to
see there you go what kind of Dino is
that Triceratops that's right yeah oh
yeah you push the butt push it again
okay ooh it changes colors yes only we
got you a little dinosaur okay and it's
a pillow can be a stuffed animal or it
could be a pillow this is a nightlight
and it puts stars on a ceiling do you
want to see him okay let's shut off the
lights whoa whoa
do you see Ollie they're everywhere and
look at you could see the dinosaur up
there do you see the Triceratops up
there I'll lay with you you want to
sleep with your Dino tonight at least
first pillow pet that's exciting anyway
I think we're gonna end today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment check out all
those links down below in the
description thank you for watching we
will see I'm Ming Jana should we say bye
Boop to the dinosaur Ollie yeah
okay you know what to say
this is home
good morning attacking
can't see it
I am home
and that's where
