hey guys before today's vlog starts I
want to let you all know that I'm going
to be playing a free show at Centerpoint
Church in Corona California this Friday
at 6:30 p.m. I'm actually going to be
opening up for a CD release party and
I'm really excited so I hope to see you
there it's a completely free event you
can bring the whole family and there's
gonna be food trucks and lots of fun and
I think the events gonna go till about 9
or 10 ish I'll have an RSVP link down
below in the description so you can get
more details about the event but I hope
to see you guys there I'm gonna have my
full band and we're gonna have a blast
now onto today's vlog
good morning guys sunny Southern
California and I am headed out to get
the trash cans in the Polaris country
live in Contra living and this is what
you do when the Polaris only holds two
trash cans in the back
good morning Finn look at this cool toy
you don't play with that do you want to
play with that there you go yeah
Finn is hanging out in the playroom this
morning a lot of you have actually asked
where we got this really cool rug we've
always wanted one of these rugs for the
playroom it's got like the streets and
the trees and the house is all Ian Finn
can rec run cars along it and play we
weren't a huge fan of the ones like at
Walmart they just feel really cheap and
not as vibrant so we actually found this
one at Pottery Barn Kids and we love it
just because it's actually like raised
it's just really good quality and it's
something that is gonna be really in a
really high traction area since it's in
the playroom right karma yeah hi Karma
good morning karma so we just want to
make sure to get something really good
quality hi what are you doing
Hey go find mom go find mom go Finn's
nap playing racecars on it yet but he
does like sitting on it hi good morning
guys I have been running around like a
chicken with its head cut off everything
has just been kind of messy and the kids
have been crazy but I finally just got
Finn down I actually was able to get
like like I don't know maybe a quarter
of my hair curled and the rest of my
head is like completely uncurled like
crazy I think it's gonna end up going
into a bun today but I got him down for
a nap which is awesome and I'm probably
just gonna throw this up and I wanted to
show you guys something really cool that
came today's hot it's a butcher block
Island
I've been waiting for this thing forever
and it's finally done and it's basically
I think this is a Maplewood I'm really
really excited about it because I just
think it kind of adds a little different
countertop to the kitchen and I think it
looks really really super nice they've
got some touch-ups to do over here a
little bit but other than that it's
really cool it's just totally different
I really like the natural wood color to
it yeah I'm pretty excited about it I'm
super glad that it finally came in but
always outside right now playing as
usual see if I can find him there he is
he's just plan this little water thing
people loves it out there it's the
cutest thing ever
but I need to get him dressed and ready
for the day as well could be got lots to
do today so today I'm making another
crock pot meal I'm really into the crock
pot meals right now because
when the kids are napping I could throw
it all on a crock-pot and by the time
it's busy at night dinner is ready so
it's actually working out pretty good
good for us I found this recipe on
Pinterest which is basically where I'm
finding all my recipes I just type in
easy dinner it's super easy I just lay
down like a bunch of chicken breast and
then I mixed together like sour cream
cream of chicken stuffing and then just
mix it all together you just lay it
right on top with some green beans and
you cook it for like six hours so I'm
gonna lay it on top right now and start
the cooking so Fitness down her nap and
he's been sleeping for a while now but
he has a doctor's appointment and I have
to go wake him up and I'm super bummed
because he's just been doing so good
sleeping in his bed
hmm it does not want to whisk up
hopefully he can sleep on the way to the
doctor's appointment to successful
alright so we just got out of fittings
appointment and I'm super bummed because
they rescheduled me so that I could get
the results for his ultrasound that I
had last week for his kidneys they
rescheduled it so that it would be
closer to my house and when she
rescheduled it she rescheduled it for to
be back in San Diego and they even said
like yeah it looks like she scheduled
you to be in Europe but she actually
scheduled in San Diego oh very low
sunglasses so I didn't get my results
because she's not even in where we live
so then I have to wait I think I'm
actually gonna be able to email her
though for results I'm hoping that his
kidneys are better haha
won't have to deal with this anymore but
I definitely need those results because
if they're not better than we have to
think of a plan of action from there so
oh they're doing this unless again hey
Olli guess what we're doing today
can you haircut yeah so me right dad are
getting Ollie is haircut today first we
gotta run into Petsmart we're doing some
doggies and kitties kay yeah and then
we're going to go get Ollie this haircut
because this is just a big old mop and
it's kind of ridiculous I think we're
going to get it cut a little bit
differently that way when it grows out
it doesn't look bad if we don't do it
because sometimes we don't do his hair
and it just look like a big bowl laughs
you're dead dragon you want to catch one
of those that's a bearded dragon
down here oh there's a turtle down here
oh my goodness so many fun things but is
it the turtle whoa
look in the back feet there yes we don't
question - turtle did this uh lizards
pretty cool you're gonna catch one you
might have one in our backyard
oh whatever doggies doing a haircut
you're right they're getting a haircut
let's go take you to get a haircut Kay
yeah okay and you're driving
yeah man that car you driving the car
okay okay just helping Papa man that car
where are we going no don't you in that
gray I'm gonna believe what I just found
I'm freaking out
mr. fair warning what I'm about to show
you may be a little bit gruesome I'm
gonna be showing you something that I
found so if you're squeamish or
squeamish or anything I recommend
keeping the video ahead about 30 seconds
to a minute
I warned you so this is the gate into
our property this is the track and look
what I found out here yes that is a
snake oh my gosh and it was positioned
just like this so I'm pretty sure that
this thing was slithering across this
and then this gate sliced it open how
crazy is that
at first all I found was it was its body
and then I found its head I was like oh
my god that's an actual snake it's a
rattlesnake although I don't see the
rattle anywhere but you got to be
careful with these things because they
could actually still have venomous
poison inside that head so we're gonna
have to dispose of this pretty well guys
freaky though I can't wait to show Olli
like I said before guys country living
this is like know where we used to live
before it's insane you do not find
things like that where we used to live
it's official you guys we have joined
the Costco revolution
we're like real adults now if you guys
have any Costco tips leave them down
below in the comment oh yeah Costco has
the cards with two spot
pissy I'm pretty sure we actually talked
about this once when we went here with
just Olly and we were like what if we
have two kids in the car find that vote
for me because I'm pretty sure I've
logged about someday having another kid
right here yeah this is amazing yeah
ally will you stop picking your nose no
stop no more no more
Macey heap I never picked my nose so he
gets up for me oh oh he's just doing it
cuz we always think I'm thinking I think
that is a very small mattress I get it
and we need to wait you need at least
three times that size that's buddy that
you saw I'm soft but I don't know this
Polly what are you doing right now what
are you doing right now you be nice to
your brother okay yeah okay are you
petting him he's a good brother
oh this oh they need a smaller wife oh
honey your mattress that's true
smaller wife or bigger mattress over hey
Missy did you know that you can get a
hot dog and a drink for a dollar fifty
that's crazy that really exists Wow
everyone always told me I was like no
that's not real it's a real thing
you guys Rosco is changing our life yep
how about that rattlesnake gym there's a
little one and it didn't have a rattle
yeah wait the worst kind of the baby
rattlesnakes they don't have a rattle
and you can't hear they can't control
their venom they can't control their
venom so they will just fight and
they're like deadly oh my gosh that's
crazy
okay so that was a baby rattlesnake I
found but you bundled it up and got rid
of it right something funny with it are
you not doing funny right never know
what he did he kept coming in here
asking for random things I think where's
the salt
yeah it's done - so like what
so this is why you were asking for a
halt that's why are you so tags that's
great that's awesome Jim you skinned it
day thrown away that's pretty good we
can eat it
so you put all the salt in it and it's
gonna dry it out then what put away all
of it yeah all you want to see it that's
it's a rattlesnake skin yeah we don't
touch it though yeah don't touch it
yucky yeah but it'll be cool when it's
done yeah your genius Poppa check out
Missy's crock pot creation I'm so
excited to try this but she has been
being super adventurous when it comes to
dinners it makes me happy because I love
trying my food all the time
I'm adventurous but I still keep it calm
I still keep it yeah keep it cool keep
it cool that looks good babe thank you
for making dinner what are you eating
Kiwi Finn who gave you Kiwi did you get
that Kiwi this is Finn's dinner you guys
he's got green beans Kiwi and oranges
Missy and I just sat down to end the
vlog and look at we're totally matching
look at my hair even cut up and yours a
cut up maybe yours are really cut up you
need you need my new pants I got to buy
some new pants hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog if you did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe leave a
comment below check out all those links
if you're able to come to my show on
Friday I would love to see you there
it's gonna be a blast but thank you guys
so much for watching we'll see you
manana
move
sir
in the
so good hi
can't say it
I am home
Oh
