we don't have a hard life what so we're
not trying to sit up but you know
everyone's well everybody has hard times
no matter what kind of life you have and
right now it's just it's tough good
morning guys we are also reeling from
all the fun we had last night my mom
just brought Ollie over hi I knew I
missed you last night
did you miss mama here you said he
missed me so don't believe him um and
we're just sitting here watching Finn do
all his crawling he is the craziest he
can get anywhere he is its I was just
watching some of his updates or always
updates when he was six month and what
was he doing he was like he was not
crawling he was rocking yeah or not even
rocking use that as me I think I said
that he can sit up but he still falls
over dofollow he's like he wasn't even
like totally sitting up and late he can
like he just sat up he just crawls
around but I want to show you something
really funny that he does hey Finn Finn
get a ticket I got a phone he loves my
phone come crawl over here oh thank you
thank you come on come here come here
you want the phone don't this come here
come get it
okay here we go he hits the tile he gets
on his feet never like his knees on the
deer oh oh long to head a little okay
he's recovering he recovered okay what'd
he do he's like yeah I don't like me
wait wait wait we're not done watching
we're not done watching you keep going
look at this he crawls on his feet then
come on Finn you wanna go get it he
doesn't want his knees thank you Ben
he's so cute Oh Finn wait there you go
show me that crawl I feel like it's like
a bear crawl mom yeah it's like a Oh
careful
I'm picking your brother out oh he's
eating you okay Ben likes to put his
hands up big way and then it was dark
outside good evening guys it is now dark
out Missy vlogs this morning with the
kids I have had zero opportunity to
really log today except for now because
we're finally all together as a family
it's just been one of those days where
it's really stressful a lot going on
it's hard sometimes we have hard days I
guess sometimes life the two kids can be
hard
yeah and I feel like maybe not a lot of
people understand like with these vlogs
is we there we have a lot we have a life
outside of the vlogs as well and we do
have a lot going on right now
obviously you guys know we're trying to
buy a house and we're getting all that
stuff in order it's it's hard yeah it's
hard it takes a lot of work and it takes
a lot out of you normally you know a
normal person would would go to work and
then do that and then get to relax all
day and that's kind of not really an
option for us especially with two kids
we're just trying to juggle
it's it's hard to sit like just picked
it or it's hard to show it on the vlog
but to be honest we're probably like the
busiest we've ever been in our entire
lives right now yeah hopefully soon once
everything gets figured out we can kind
of pick back up where they left off I
know that really soon we'll be able to
do that and we're doing our best
obviously right I think for the most
part we still are able to be you know I
mean yesterday we had so much fun we
literally had a ton of fun yesterday
yeah yesterday's vlog was like five
blocks out to the one-leg play so like
you know with it we don't have a hard
life whatsoever we're not trying to say
that but you know everyone's well
everybody has hard times no matter what
kind of life you have and right now it's
just it's tough we're just we're like
doing a lot right now you guys being
crazy
Holly and Carmen right now are freaking
out oh my gosh
what do you say hey screw it away I
don't know mmm-hmm
did you see a kitty wait where'd you see
the kitty oh well you know what Ollie I
didn't I don't even hear anything I
don't hear a kitty what did you get at
Kate yeah Rizzy yep
where's the key show me where the kitty
is show me over here hey Kiki you want a
baby kitty yeah I want to get you a baby
kitty okay love you Oh baby kitty
so all he has now told us to our face
that he wants a babysitter I think
that's gonna be pretty hard to turn down
if you got a baby kitty what would you
name it absolutely
you name it food yeah how about fluffy
or puffy
perfect yeah or fluffy yeah yeah
anything be hey what color would you
want the kitty to be um daddy red oh
it's gonna read red kitty yeah like a
Garfield ah he loves them watch this up
Oh
gotta get to you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I want
to get you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you I get you mmm
he's one to run all day okay we're
washing don't cut him off
there we go I hear baby oil does it so
we are using what is it it's a
oh yeah we're getting a tattoo not using
honest organic baby oil yeah what
they're coming off kind of like dirty
like we said they want this one
it's got like dirt in it go de litter
oh yeah we got the lizard off earlier
huh yeah go get the popcorn on these are
like real tattoos yeah hey my gosh I'm
gonna rub this in the raw I think the
organic video isn't working good
I think my Yoda is finally gone why
don't I forget what side it was on yeah
I saw a little bit of flex flakes of it
yesterday
and I think it's probably gone and now
I'm just dealing with this one the
ticket to the gun show one I'm trying to
get that one to come up I didn't think
that one was gonna last as long but it's
still frigging there you guys come -
you're gouging
is that the last right yeah but staying
here picture of the boys because they're
being so cute in the top and like thin I
usually am like super like crazy about
but he was doing so good it's like I'm
gonna take a picture and so as I'm
taking a picture he tumbles down into
the water and I freaked out and I just
dropped my phone I literally just
dropped my phone and grabbed him right
in the water like my phone just like
totally could be nice dive in the water
and I grabbed him he like went swimming
fishing out there yeah you can't conjure
water he's okay like he was totally okay
but I kind of panicked and just like
dropped my phone in the water you okay
your brand-new phone yeah you just got
fixed because the water damage matter
like obviously he was more important in
that moment but then I overreact I don't
know hi cute baby boy he's pajamas he's
leaving who's that who's that cute
little baby who's that cute little baby
you lover gonna is over the moon
goodnight Finny I love you okay we're
now even some dinner Brian made us some
Nokian sausage finally one of our
favorite meals yes
it's like a really nice is it like
really hearty meal the plan was to put
the kids to bed and then eat and
uninterrupted dinner yeah but this
happened Jesse
yeah there yeah so oli woke up and then
he woke up Finn and then we put Ollie
back to bed and then he came back to
house right whatever's put the kids
there so we can eat dinner in peace yeah
that was she went to Simon laughing yeah
but anyway we really want oli to end the
vlog and he's currently sleeping on the
couch over there so right now we have to
do a little bit of track time traveling
to see if we can get him before he went
to bed Hey whoa we've just gone back in
the past
oli yeah at a time that you were awake
pink I think we've come back in time
because I need you to help me on the
blog can you help me in the blog yeah
yeah first of all show off your pajamas
what are you wearing Binion's
then who's on your pants okay Mickey
Mouse where does Mickey Mouse live oh I
get a Disneyland yeah here is a
Disneyland which we really want to go to
soon okay you got your army man oh yeah
and you got your lizard are they
fighting did the lizard fight him ah
he's gonna eat him I would always eating
him anyway that's all for today's vlog
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give a big thumbs up thumbs up
can you give me a thumbs up thank you
thanks for watching you guys we will see
a manana all you know to say bye USA by
the lizard alright you do it again say
bye
you might be scared and that's okay
five dogs and no he's gone
you like it
you can put yourself back
you can run
never
yo
