what is what is this we're technology
it's like a book is this like a book
that you read no what what what is this
of us good morning guys we are finishing
up getting ready for the day Missy just
did her hair and her makeup you are
looking beautiful look at that long
luscious hair all right
grow it myself what's that ollie all
over James did you just bring us a snail
wow that's a snail this is ma'am um
let's take it outside
snails live outside they don't live in
the house so we gotta keep them outside
otherwise they'll get sick in here okay
it's like a little baby snail is so cute
yeah outside okay Polly say good morning
yeah you got the snail kay let's take my
sight oh oh you can't just throw him
holy coldness you guys is cold this
morning it's cold huh what oh yeah
that's Karma's big candy cane bone he's
been playing with it good morning karma
ooh you got a ball we throw the ball
here we throw the ball we threw the ball
I love that we have this space right
here is that you can just run and play
Polly to all he loves right playing out
here and it's cool because the whole
yard backs up to like that's our dining
room that's our living room this is our
master bedroom so we can just like hang
out in the master bedroom and let him
out through the store and then he can
like watch him play and there's really
nothing he can get into out here come on
you're loving this huh you're loving
this yard
oh we got a candy cane give it to him
look at that big ol candy cane karma hey
can you throw the ball for karma good
job
yeah we're just finishing getting ready
for the day we still are working on
house stuff obviously we have a lot of
things that are still coming things just
take time Missy did just get this
beautiful cabinet for our master bath
and she's got like what does this pay
like a sugar scrub and then that's
bubble bath um salts
okay eucalyptus and like mint spearmint
or something okay and then um this one
is also like a bulb bath bubble bath
cool make about towels in there we
probably put like pictures up there like
this trying to edit and this is cool I
got this little Bowl at a store and it's
actually a sugar bowl and so it has like
a little like a spoon but I just thought
it was perfect look at it's perfect for
like dude dip it and then pour it in
yeah right back so it's totally like a
sugar bowl but it looks so cute in there
like this and we have storage so we have
a little drawer here cabinet here and
we've yet to use this tub me too people
live TV for us actually have like TVs up
here and I like both one TV yeah they
had one TV right here and I'm like yes
oh I know all the hookups are still here
to hook the TV up here and plug it in
with Apple TV waiting for internet so I
can watch TV in Taino bubble bath for
the very first day yeah that'd be
amazing and when we're still we ordered
all the lights that are all here but
where you're having an electrician put
those in and we ordered a big mirror for
up here because there's no marriage
which is essential when you're getting
ready in the morning but now we're ready
it's Saturday we're gonna fund a sin
just woke up from his nap and he's
actually sleeping in his crib today
which I really excited I feel like he's
just starting to get to the point where
he can sleep in his room turn on the
light it is a crazy mess in here guys
look at this boxes everywhere I think
actually a lot of stuff from Ali's room
got put in here and so all I has like no
boxes
I don't mister
hi are you ready to wake up did you take
a good nap yeah alright it's good to
think so good in your room yes he's dead
oh I am really excited though he slept
in his room last night for the first
part of the night and my monitor isn't
really working very well so I didn't
trust him to sleep in there like at once
I was asleep so I had to wake him up and
bring him to our room because I didn't
want to cygnus I need to get a new
monitor because I don't trust mine it's
like rhonchi strip Ã¤j-- everywhere okey
okey
there you go play on the streets mmm
he's playing on the streets babe this
make sure you look both ways before you
cross all right we are looking at a
backsplash for our kitchen today and we
are keeping Olli contained in this fancy
room hi are you playing he's got some
trucks he's so happy
ooh he showed me everything I can't hear
what he's saying so I think we really
like the subway tile and then for over
the stove doing a cool design like this
it's got like grays and whites and
blacks
I think it'll I think they look really
good together
all these are like white and gray
options that's cool now we could do
something totally different
Oh sparkly white oh wow that's cool
sparkles like Edward comon cool oh my
like if we had like our white tiger
that's like in front of snow not look
really cool yeah but I also always
worried cuz food splatters OH
might be hard to clean Missy now we're
just talking about how every store that
we go to should have a room like this
where you can just drop your kid in make
sure they're okay through the window and
they can play and Ollie is that such a
good age now where we can just let him
play you you just play in where's your
Dino
oh oh oh is he stuck in there
he got stuck in the trap huh yeah and
only look at they have lots of cool
movies you want to watch it what is this
what is when is this weird technology
it's like a book is this like a book
that you read no what what what is this
a verse what's above us what do you do
with this how does it does it wirelessly
transmit that the video to the TV this
is so odd
well oh hey one's coming out of here
what is this 101 dalmatians so they must
just go in that little hole there all
right let's put in the Lion King K buddy
wow that feels very weird to do and I
seriously have to rewind it so I
basically have to watch the entire movie
in Reverse before we can even watch it
that's odd isn't it then he found an ice
block to chew on don't watch it ollie
spoiler alert so we're at my aunt
Linda's house they actually just redid
the entire kitchen I'm like drooling
over it yeah and it's actually Bailey's
fourth birthday and my aunt Linda's
birthday that what you do yeah look at
this and look at this they got a
humongous burrito this is this is here's
me there's me
this looks like forefoot apparently half
of it it's chicken and half of this day
yeah that's amazing
that sounds good go go go go go
you got to go in the hole all he go
right there there you go
hi CJ how are you CJ how old are you
seven it's not your birthday though how
old's your sister one four hey watch all
in there okay hi buddy
auntie will come at you want me to tell
her to come in
okay go jump let me see how high you can
jump buddy oh yeah this is what we do
when we have family parties
just play my music good music Linda good
music byebye baby time you're looking at
monitors and I actually tried almost all
the moderate the monitors at this point
I've had the Motorola I've had the
Summer Infant and I think I'm going to
try the Samsung this time motorola
actually worked pretty good for me but
the Summer Infant definitely broke
really early although I'm sure I was a
little rough with it since I have a
two-year-old I think he threw it a
couple times and just was playing with a
little too rough so we're going to try
the Samsung this time it has also two
cameras it can have up to four cameras
which is kind of cool if I wanted to
grab an extra one so like the playroom
or something like that it's the first
one we had oh yeah it's really close
a little Motorola yeah I love that thing
I think lost it a long time I don't like
yeah yeah it's really old and the Summer
Infant I loved the big screen but like I
said just it broke kind of easily the
reason why I really liked this one is
because it can go up to 900 feet and it
will it can still like work whereas the
Summer Infant can only go I think it was
like 500 which is not very far so this
way is always all the way in his room
actually able to still see him if I'm
all the way in like another part of the
house so all and I just got done
brushing our teeth and we decided that
we were going to do a little toothbrush
light saber batter okay don't let me use
mine
shop going down the zetas get you yeah
oh no he's still toothbrushing ah all
right let's put the toothbrushes back
good job we've got the kids in bed
winding down you winded down karma
getting all chilled and relaxed you can
good night nice doing I think I'm
actually gonna clean the kitchen and
then I'm probably going to make some
brownies for me and Brian and just relax
it's Saturday night so maybe we can try
and watch a show or something and just
hang out but I think I'm actually going
to go ahead and the vlog so bright I can
edit if you did enjoy this video make
sure you give this video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and we will you guys
tomorrow
boom that's where I wanna be
up inside
this is home in the
good Hornets
I'd say yeah
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
yeah wherever you're with me little
hands that's far too long to hold I
bring new clothes never wanted to let go
the nurse wrapped you up and said he'll
do amazing things little girl
