good morning oli you want Wyatt oh yeah
what are you eating MA
oh man what's your brother eatin easy
infer Finn's eating food this morning I
made him so a little fried egg and then
pancake and banana and he's kind of just
messed it all together and played with
it and he's like a little bit in his
mouth but I kind of like that he's on
the table though so it's not like
getting everywhere it's just getting on
the table yeah that is nice huh
good morning good morning we're gonna
use mass I like I'm helping meet some of
this food you want a bite you don't want
to buy to this delicious breakfast okay
sorry he's not interested good morning
you guys this morning we woke up to a
surprise in our pool ducks in our water
this is the everyday what is it baby
please don't there are ducks in our pool
that's adorable
well that is a mommy and a daddy
probably what do you think ollie
what go quack-quack thank ya gonna go
see em good you want to name him food he
says duck ala orange oh there they go
they went bye-bye say bye bye duckies oh
yeah there's a birdie right there so
good I just found a very tiny baby snail
look at him go look at him go ha ha that
just goes to show you guys no matter how
small you are in life you can still go a
long way I feel like I'm just living a
dream I've been in here folding my
laundry sinds on my bed taking a little
nap all I came out here he's just
playing with his toys playing on the
grass
hanging out with karma karma is doing a
little bit of exploring as well and our
Ducks are back just hanging out in the
pool which i think is like the craziest
coolest thing ever although I'm sure
eventually I'll be like wait a second
there's starting to drop poop in my pool
or something but right now not think of
any of that I'm just loving seeing
little duck ducks I'm hearing them quack
and then just hang out in the pool look
at that I'm completely obsessed with
them how stinking queue is that what if
they have babies what if their babies
live in our pool I don't know I don't
know if I'll in the end I would hate it
but it's something cute beautiful day
here in sunny Southern California and
I'm loving it love being back home what
what you got what you want to say what
you want to say miss Phoebe what you
want to say oh got nothing now Oh
backing down backing down hey guys I'm
over at the slide box clubs house thanks
for letting me your internet bro
appreciate it anything for you I
appreciate it
your lens is so clean so clean right
yeah oh my gosh
Missy and Hannah swapped cameras
accidentally yesterday and Andrews lens
is so dirty I'm editing my footage I'm
like why is half the vlog look like poop
oh dude you gotta claim that you gotta
clean it man Oh bro sorry it's all good
I'm so picky about the about the lens I
know I'm gonna I need to take after you
though that's why that's why you still
our camera right Hannah you're like our
lenses cleaner Punk anyway thanks got
the vlog uploaded yay bye Phoebe all
right we are headed into sin six months
we'll visit how are you feeling hey you
fell at six months old in food he's so
attached for you guys he's been crying
in the car so hey he's not happy in the
car huh
all right then we just measured him he
is 25 inches and he weighs 16 pounds 16
pounds yeah
what are you doing you're making a mess
yeah you are the doctor says he is the
most vocal baby she has seen in years
years Ben you're very well advanced yes
you are
so yeah the doctor said he is the most
engaging and vocal baby six month old
that she is met in years which I thought
was just kind of like funny he is like
he's not just vocal engaging like look
through the eyes like he's crawling
everywhere he's pulling himself he's
about to start walking this baby is
crazy you're different huh be different
so I'm sitting on our new counter which
I love love this granite it's it's
beautiful and I love that it's all level
now and flush but I'm trying to get a
little bit of work done it's very
difficult because we still have no
internet this is actually all these iPad
we use it to have all of his movies on
and he watches YouTube on it sometimes
as well when we're out and it has an
AT&T data connection and so we've been
using it as a
a hotspot because at our new house 18 T
is the only place that actually has
service we have Verizon and these phones
are basically useless out here you can't
make phone call can't search the
internet you can't use it as a hotspot
nothing I think we're gonna switch to
AT&T because they actually have service
out here just in case like our internet
when we do get internet goes out I think
I hear a cute little boy
that's awake good morning oh well you
got tad guys that not good enough how'd
you sleep buddy you took a good little
nap I'm so proud of you all the way in
your room you wanna see mama well she's
on her way right now okay okay give me
kiss mmm
check out the dinner I made today I
actually look chicken in a crock pot I
put some seasoning and yeah I'm making
chicken tacos I'm so excited I made
dinner my wife is making dinner oh my
god good and now I'm frying them up and
we're making Jimmy change yes I'm kind
of obsessed with chimichangas right now
and so yeah we just put them already
chicken cheese put them in there yep
gotta fry it up cuz it's way better
Marco Marco right here
what do you think of him good
everyone's gonna try it my mom actually
isn't a big fan although she's never
really tried it so I'm gonna make her
try and see what she thinks
Finn is eating a little pita and it's
got smashed up avocado on it you just
took a bite of it what do you think dude
he does not look impressed babe mmm I am
macking on this chimichanga
with my little boy who's eating also
look at that he loves being in that
things we all just stared him center of
attention
mmm oh right you guys I think we're
gonna call it a day but we had a blast I
hope you did too if you enjoyed this
vlog we should even a thumbs up
subscribe be sure to follow me on
snapchat all that info is down below
I've been snapping a lot more Jared has
definitely rubbed off on me because he's
no chats all the time
and I'm like uh where am I gonna find
the time to do that today I had it
actually a ton of fun doing it so if you
want to follow me follow me there thank
you guys for watching we'll see you
manana you poo-pooed you wanna take a
bath alright well come here come here
look he actually poop would that's why
he's walking like that
you're crazy kid hey I love you yeah
yeah hey can you say bye that's where I
wanna be
up inside
this is home
good Hornets
can't say it
I am home
that's where I wanna go with me little
hands that the party laughs when you
grow
grow thunder front you are
the reason why
