if you don't eat your own meal then
Chewbacca well hey Finn you guys up on
your head buddy yeah what does it what's
on your head Finn say happy Sunday
oh you look at that still has this
tattoo thank you yeah they're cool it
won't go away I love you oh good morning
good morning got mighty good morning
everybody good morning
this morning all he is eating oatmeal q
bucka bucka else is eating oatmeal
okay chill back uncle sue back of it so
anybody
and watch this if you if you don't eat
your oatmeal then Chewbacca well don't
die yeah so easier to buck is gonna eat
it yeah you got some food on my mouth
there anything in my teeth eatin my
teeth hmm
is anything my teeth yeah la gate hey
get tipped up oh you don't like to buck
oh yeah I better get this out of my
teeth
well I'll double fisting it huh anything
good in there
you eating your Febreze that's gross
don't eat them all yucky yeah that's
like poopoo yeah you don't want to eat
that okay yeah I'll not eat food all
right let's go get some food you know
we're gonna hang out with who you're
right
good thing we're weirdos hovering
obviously gets it for someone hey I
think he gets it from you we are headed
down I am finally today getting my phone
fixed so bad it was actually cracked so
badly that I could not run my finger
over it so I had to put tape over it
which made it so that I couldn't hear
anything cuz the tape put over that I
guess I could have cut a hole so that it
didn't but um I almost can't talk on it
I could barely use it I can barely press
the button because the tapes over that
it's really really bad so finally today
I made an appointment getting it fixed
and then we're actually going to meet
the slyfox fam Dan here grab some lunch
and have a little fun are you trying to
beat ask eat the rice cast
are you eating your rice is it good I
want to be literally making a mess give
some to Hannah okay oh yes I'm not Oh
Cass want to bite Holly oh you don't
want to buy it at lunch right now and
originally the pan we was going we are
going to go to yarn house but Hannah the
text so we ended up that lazy dog which
ended up actually being way better than
so yeah we just need some lunch oh my
god your eyes you have to pop the
Sheldon my shoes
oh yes so we've got all these shoes
today so Bryan ran and grabbed some
shoes which all I need some anyways so
Bryan ran and picked up two shoes for us
and it just so happens that he got the
same shoe and this was not on purpose
you guys have matching shoes now huh
yeah actually yeah they do I should have
told Hannah that he was wearing his
today but they basically are matching
with their black shirts so they're so
cute they're pretty excited to be back
together
look at that yes been like some people
people jump in front of them ollie is
all about that rice but he's like
listening to it right now it's not like
a conch shell
ollie
it's so funny take a bite
he loves rice right now he's obsessed
with that
we actually got him a full mil he will
not eat it he just eats rice DCB ba whoa
he is dressed in Star Wars already look
at him taking out Star Wars toys I love
all the BBA toys and we have this fear
oh but I'm totally waiting for the Spin
Master one with big one we'd have so
much fun with that is that cool
Holly look at this it's bb-8 yeah you
can make him spin hope now they're
fighting over bb-8 get Chewbacca Holly
look at this little BB AIDS Oh give him
a hug get bb-8 a hug oh yeah he's a bb-8
baby of course we had to go to the Apple
or the Disney Store check out all the
cool swag things like shirts for sale
shirts for get your shirts here
hot-off-the-press
shirts by you you want to show love all
right Ollie now what are we gonna go do
junkie
Chucky Holly what do you want to go get
chocolate ice cream cake I know you do
so does your mother we are meeting the
Browns at an ice cream place called
crema stre which I am really excited to
go to they actually have these in Idaho
and Utah
they're called sub-zero though so me
some you may know way better they say
that it's way better so we're really
excited to go in and try it out
Oh
golly it's like we're in arendelle with
with Elsa yeah
my palpable crush they really squeeze it
onto the waffle pan cook it and it's
massive seriously that's fresh yeah
we are home and I finally have a new
phone
I took it in they told me they would be
able to fix the screen just replace it
but they said once they opened it up if
it had water damage then they would
switch out the whole phone and I was
thinking 20 forgot this phone literally
will not this one but the phone before
actually fell into the pool now I had a
had much issues with it but I've had
like some issues here and there like
mostly like sometimes I can't get
service or send text messages and stuff
it sounds like well what if it does have
water damage also and they don't see it
and then I end up paying for like a new
screen but in the end actually has water
damage and then I'm like I paid for a
new stream for no reason you know I mean
so I need of just hanging out let's go
ahead and swap it out with it anything
being cheaper than like buying a whole
new phone obviously was more expensive
than just changing out the screen but
I'm glad I got a new one that's not
water damaged or anything so I'm too
worried about that how you doing down
here are you having fun saying oh you're
not supposed to have that as a marker
can I see it thank you fins over here
just playing you play with a toy that's
your brother's huh this is a great stick
to play with huh alright guys we are
hanging out in Finn's room Finn do you
like your room it's pretty cool huh it's
kind of a mess right now huh yeah that
little area kind of became of a storage
area anyway guys we are getting ready to
end this vlog we had a super fun day
with the Sly Fox fam though so if you
guys want to check them out have them
linked down below and you can see what
other fun things we did with them make
sure you go subscribe while you're over
there but anyways I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video is to give it a
thumbs up again he's like I'm trying I
don't know how to do that yet huh thumbs
up she's like go almost up on that
though hi guys
you guys tomorrow you might be scared
and that's okay
you can run
from the things they say
you'll never change
and yo
