good morning guys back at it with the
full bath I'm back at it with the full
band today we are actually rehearsing
for playlist live because we're gonna be
on the mainstage baby
we are excited this thing's gonna be
like the last show you guys it's gonna
be like 10 times more people there so no
pressure no pressure on are you down for
that yeah so I'm at rehearsal today I'm
going over songs going over the setlist
for playlist live and super stoked let
me know in the comments if you guys are
gonna be there to hear us all live oh
good morning hi baby
you happy boy this morning that Mimi's
playing this morning we broke out this
little horsie if you are a DB original
then you remember this thing Bailey my
cousin's daughter she wrote this then
all I wrote this and now we're gonna let
spin ride it do you want to ride the
horsey and always over here helping
auntie make a green smoothie yeah you
gonna have some what's in there
I know apple juice apple juice what else
shoes
top picks strawberries and spinach yeah
and apple all right so push this button
push it up okay me loud it's gonna freak
out oh okay well I'm gonna do is be
really lucky
do you like that oversee you're just a
little too young to this still but it's
super cute your brother used to ride
this and I think he used to eat the hair
too let's not eat the hair I am grabbing
at some gas right now
I'm gonna go get some breakfast for my
mom and my sister and then also for
Brian he's at practice right now so I
gotta get ass which I realize you know
we don't really blog a lot of like
vistacal things that we do like getting
gas and so like that but guess what I go
get gas every once a while actually
usually Brian does get the gas for me
but today I gotta get the gas I was
really on a zero all right we are full I
gotta say guys today is another cold day
in Southern California I've got my
sweater on I think I checked the 10
minutes that was gonna be whoo I checked
the time and I think I said it was gonna
be a high of like 63 and I was like
that's cold I'm gonna wear my warm
clothes today I'm bringing bring a
little ham and Swiss sandwich from
Panera and I'm gonna walk in
see how practices doing it sounds loud
my name is used to be like a pro skater
for a minute dude not really funny boy
or like rock under there anything fell
off did you do that on accident actually
no just wrapped up band practice and
Jeffrey is attempting to skate whoa this
is behind the scenes of Garrett's vlog
yeah
there's gonna cut it and make it look
like you landed it all day
whoa what is that that's so cool what
huh it's a stool with a dino on it
what do you think of that there's Dino
on that too
can you sit on it sit on the stool oh my
gosh Missy that's cute he fits on it
perfectly we're at HomeGoods doing some
shopping for the home with aunt Christie
and terilyn to hang their art magic
magic and making oh that's cute okay
it's almost like miracle in the making
what throwback Thursday kids going crazy
that's why you bring the aunt you're not
being crazy you're being good huh you
think it guys always good
so we're at HomeGoods we're at HomeGoods
we're looking at how stuff getting some
ideas there we go oh my goodness hi oh
my goodness hi oh my goodness hi hey
guys we're home now
and um Finn is just such a good little
crawler he gets so proud of himself
earlier he was on the tile and we had
this little teether thing it was like a
couple feet away from it and he was like
screaming because it's hard for him to
crawl on the towel but he really wanted
it so I gave it to him and now he's a
happy boy ah hey also Finley has a tooth
coming in yes so he is officially
teething and look at that he's loving
none on this thing
he doesn't like it cold it's way too
cold he's very picky about the
temperature of it like when it's warm
cool
no it could look good yeah get it there
you go there you go get it get it dude
can we try and show his tooth you think
oh he's like you might see the tooth you
only see the tooth ha ha you see yeah I
can't even see it you see it to the left
uh oh yeah a little bit really hard it's
almost like translucent there it's sharp
and it is sharp
actually you cancel this but it needs a
shower Ollie - I'm pretty sure has
cheese in his hair
oh all right should we get this cleaned
up all are you doing take a shower
listen see did you know that there's
still snowflake on our wall yeah
Christmas was like four months away okay
I'm only like two three weeks late on
that all right but I just don't want to
take down because I want to put
something else there I kind of want like
the same thing but in like a flower okay
flower that I'd like yeah okay that's
funny
hey Ollie what are you doing you trying
to go peepee on the pot yeah
what do you oh yeah we're getting ready
to go in the shower huh hey what do you
get if you go peepee on the potty what
do you get maybe you get kicked or maybe
you get like another tattoo oh hey Ollie
are you trying to go peepee or you can't
go poopoo oh that's the oh you wanna go
peepee all right oh did you get peepee
out Wow oh good also check that clearly
claim to be I'm getting the kids ready
for bed and tonight I'm actually gonna
give Finn a little shower as well which
I'm telling you guys I cannot give him a
bath in this it's just not very
convenient for me to do I find it much
more convenient to stick them in a bum
bow and stick them in the shower usually
I like to hop in the shower with him
because then it's really easy but
tonight I think I might just let him
play with a toy and sit in there and
I'll just wash them from the outside so
I'm excited for that a lot of you guys
watched my little I guess you'd call
like a nighttime routine
um from last night I was putting all I
depend I thought you know I'm gonna make
a little montage out of it and I think
it turned out super duper cute but I've
gotten a ton of questions asking where I
got this towel warmer
um and I'm telling you guys I didn't
think I need a towel warmer until I got
one for Christmas and now I'm completely
addicted to it so it's always asked for
a warm towel when you gets out of the
shower is seriously amazing all right
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
we're gonna call it a day we had a
really great Saturday hope you guys did
too if you enjoyed today's video be sure
to give it a big thumbs up by clicking
that thumbs up button down there
subscribe if you're not leave a happy
friendly comment below check out all the
links down below in the description kids
did want to know what song is playing
it's a song from my EP which is
available now link is also down below in
the description I'm really looking
forward to performing at playlist live
mainstage so I hope you guys already let
me know in the comments who's gonna be
there because we have a very big special
guest joining me on stage at the end of
my set so I'm really excited for that
thank you guys for watching TV we'll see
you manana bye Boop
you might be scared and that's okay
doesn't know he's come so
j√∂rgen bunches
back together
things they say
you'll never change
and your fears
