good morning say good morning good
morning guys oli is watching some kiddie
YouTube videos today because all I woke
up slightly on the wrong side of the bed
and you know what kitty movies are
kiddie videos always put everyone in a
good mood right so I was like here let's
put some kittens on the TV they're
adorable kittens doing something cute
right I'm actually trying to get some
work done while Finn
are you being a doggie now Finn's over
here playing and being adorable oh
you're sitting on your little toy and
I'm trying to get some work done and I
just need to like catch up on a few
things and we have plans for a fun day
today he's trying to show you he's been
playing with
it's your Playstation thing don't tell
him that ollie we're both good games
yeah
show me oh he's getting everything yeah
you're gonna get us both in trouble
yeah you I'll see you tomorrow okay
where you gonna do today
I know mainly papa should we go to Mimi
and pepper all right yes
alright Salvio we gotta get ready for a
day okay bye we are getting ready for
our day today and I just got done
getting all just your dress how are you
wearing em I'm the big bro
sure Wow I'm gonna see if I can find
that fins I'm the little bro should we
wear matching shirts today yeah yeah and
we gotta get some cleaning done the
houses have a mess right now
and then we are gonna head out to my mom
and dad's and have a little fun shout
out to Hannah though she actually edited
the thumbnail yesterday of the fish and
so I want to say a big thank you to her
and I'm sure she ends up editing the
thumbnail for today's vlog cuz she's
literally the nicest and she was just
like hey send me your picture and I'll
make you something I was like really
thank you yeah so however link down
below if you guys go check her out
anyways we are off to get ready got a
clean and then we're gonna go okay okay
all right I've got the matching boys I'm
the big bro
I'm the little bro obviously we've got
two bakka here Finn is quite infatuated
with Chewbacca isn't he does he like -
vodka yeah put it on and show show Finn
oh oh okay hey I think you think that's
pretty funny
do it again that's pretty funny
I think Finn likes it he thinks you're a
pretty cool big brother huh
that's my hey that's your hand and you
want to put it on you let me help you
okay ready
where's Allie
carvers a little freaked out
whoa Finn your brother is so silly huh
that is silly brother hey Dad tell me
about your day
I had to go to the dentist and
everything is fine like that guy was
cleaning but it was one of those deep
cleanings were they like numb you up so
he is talking kind of funny but we're at
my mom and dad it is so hot today it's
actually really warm I think it's
supposed to be a high of like 95 bucks
here's the answer I think auntie's here
actually
yep actually yup he is she is getting
ready for the day as well and yeah it is
definitely toasty out here what are we
doing Holly we watering the plants yeah
yeah got to make sure they're nice and
moist on this dry day okay go help Papa
go help them hey here I'll hold your
drink for you okay okay now you try wow
you're so strong oli
tip it over you got clipped up there you
go you went try it again
you're the ones on the porch now don't
want them over here there I'm trees on
the porch
it's a ha I think you should water
yourself it's so warm out here huh yeah
all right yeah what are the ones over by
me me okay so I can't even talk this
thing's so heavy see water in them
yeah there you go all watered do I take
it should I water you now no all right
ollie hey ollie
me and Finn are gonna go by bike a bow
see a little bit high we're doing a food
Dinos ah oh wait no oh yeah we're going
to okay to eat lunch first
okay you guys eat lunch me and Finn are
gonna go to have some fun and then we'll
meet up with you in a little bit Gabe
your boring stuff yeah we're gonna have
fun
okay sound good come kiss dinos on the
TV my love you yeah well that is a great
start to our shopping trip isn't it mr.
Finn I just got fed out of the car I
strapped them all to me and then I
realized on my hand was poop and then I
looked I took them off the baby carrier
and there is poop like all over me I
just tried to wipe it up and it is just
like all over me so singing grows now
I'm trying to clamp this poopy diaper
mom life all right we are clean we've
got a new outfit except not me I just
have to wipe me off but we're clean now
and we are ready to go eat some lunch
right let's go
all right I just met up with Hannah
and Jaden's here and we're actually
living spaces and I'm starting to get
some ideas and stuff for the new house
we're having a lot of fun like going
through and just looking at things
there's so many like different styles
now so many different options and I
don't even know like what direction I
want to go with yet so I'm excited to
start looking and getting some fun ideas
for the house all right we just got done
with living spaces and honestly it was
kind of a bust
I usually don't find at least something
I like but I was not really impressed so
we're gonna try Ross and see if they got
any cool stuff over here
it is toasty rizzoli for literally feel
like we're like swimming through the
humidity here
it's usually pretty dry but it's
actually kind of humid so oh honey yes
woman OH
jokey oh you want to sucker be your food
we are back let me be a Papa and Olly
and I'm telling you guys I was
complaining earlier about how farted and
it is now freezing like is so cold we've
got his jammies on I put on this really
warm like shirt and it is definitely a
little chilly now it was it was
literally like 95 degrees and now it's
like 60 degrees it dropped back pop you
happy now you're pulling my hair I feel
like I'm gonna cry right now then it's
not like string for you to hold on to
like right if I eat the food do I get a
sucker everybody gets a sucker everyone
gets a sucker if we eat our food all
gone do you sleep at like Ali Ali what
do you want to eat tonight
okay how about rice right yeah okay
lemon
hahaha nice lesson working on anything
you can suck her already they save an
excel later okay that's for after you
you dinner right
Aikido Wednesday its to queuing thank
kita Wednesday member no T no Taco
Tuesday and you hit the read taquitos
for only three dollars but he said
alright so we out so he's got home from
dinner we went to dinner with with my
family and um all they ate nothing he
wanted rice so badly and you didn't eat
any of your dinner did you yeah exactly
so now he's having cereal Wow the life
of a toddler huh yeah Epke Star Wars
cereal right how do you seem the Star
Wars song good job
ready I'll do it with you ready Dada
doesn't a doctor is that embarrassing
did mama embarrass you is bb-8 a Star
Wars cereal we are now just kind of
getting ready for bed and I have to edit
my sister came over to give us a little
help karma chameleon you supposed to be
on the couch get off the couch come here
my sister's here she's helping out while
I do some editing because I'm telling
you guys it is hard work editing and
taking care of two kids yesterday I was
nursing one I was watching the other
editing at the same time it was rough
but I got through it so um today I've
got Cassie's help and we're looking at
hashtag he's doing great
hashtag you're good you're happy I don't
think I yesterday's a little mishap
seems to bother him so that's good a lot
of people are asking about shoo the
snail a few months back we got him um um
let's break the news to you guys hey Joo
may have passed away
a few months ago sort of my fault I was
cleaning the fish tank and when I picked
up Shu
I picked him up too hard and he died
basically um I stopped so hard when I go
super sad and I actually felt really bad
but I was too I felt too bad I didn't
want to tell you guys but the truth is
Shu no longer lives in the tank with
hashtag hashtags all alone right now but
I think he likes it that way I think he
prefers it
oh I got you I got you
oh and he's so strong all right ante has
been helping out she got to put on three
little ears you wearing your ears hmm
have you been hanging out with the
auntie yeah yeah I am just about done
editing yay so we're actually gonna go
ahead and the vol real quick
so I can finish it up and upload it for
you guys and so you guys can watch it
tomorrow
all right say give the video a thumbs up
say we'll see you tomorrow
guess who else we see tomorrow I know
baby I know daddy's daddy
Disneyland no way
all right guys okay this video will see
you smile
ready
I might be scared
my dog
you so much
I sure can run
babe unless you
one note
