good morning little good morning hey
guys how's it going
so for today's vlog we're gonna be doing
something a little bit differently
I actually am leaving today I have a
couple of family things that I have to
take care of in Idaho with my mom and my
sister oh I thought since we're kind of
be going to be running around hectic
today that we should do a Q&A with you
guys because we we've used to do these a
couple times on this channel but we have
it in a while so I asked you guys on
Twitter with the hashtag ax DB and you
guys sent in lots of cool questions so I
thought we would answer some who's not
all in here and he is $1.00 to beat oh
yeah yeah now go get on the chicken and
apples and blueberries and oranges and
all kinds of good stuff why you drinkin
you do get Apple you still doing some
cool trip back here um no what are you
doing browsing on his feet he's like a
little birdie right now you have secret
right now
No and now we've got Finn here and he's
just been chilling all day wait how you
fountain-pen good me didn't been being
so cute yeah me such a couple hey ollie
ah the first question is to you it's
from Patti she wants to know do you like
your baby brother yeah what do you think
about him
okay yes good Ashley Fraser asked if you
were to have one food for the rest of
your life what would it be
Oh doesn't have to be like a healthy
twist I might die yeah okay I honestly
the rest of my life I would just eat
cookies like I could eat cookies all day
every day like represented not even
joking I mean we'd want some milk for
sure but tells you cookies YUM Ollie
what's your favorite food that you would
eat all the time for the rest of your
life
pancakes pancakes i want pancakes
I think express my life speaking of
cookies a Colin once no do you think
Missy Lanning has ever bought milk from
the same couch white to go with our
delicious cookies oh I definitely buy
multiple gallons at one time so I would
just do in my EB hey it might be around
the same cow okay Hannah slack wants to
know are you looking at buying a forever
home I would say forever is a really big
commitment but that is a plan yeah
buying a house that where we want to buy
a house but we're happy with for a
really really long time
yeah Ellie wants to know what happened
to Brian Landy's office it's a pigsty
hid faces became a place where restored
all of all these old toys boxes packages
all sorts of crap um I just can't even
be in there I'm really excited to get my
office back soon hopefully yeah we need
to organize it and all that yeah Abby
wants to know do you ever feel
intimidated by how many people watch you
every day it is a little intimidating to
think about it but if I were to think
about it it's very it's like trying to
fathom up our subscribers like 1.3
million people yeah a lot of people I
kind of think that from the very
beginning that we started getting
subscribers
obviously you can't think about Tim
wants to know what did you guys do
before YouTube I was actually a
full-time graphic designer for church I
did freelance wedding photography which
I really love doing
I also waited tables for probably seven
or eight years at one time he had all
those
I did have all those jobs at one time
employee and doing YouTube and I was a
office manager for a Chamber of Commerce
like that for the city but you also did
your grunt work yeah we're good subway
and Sonic yeah I definitely we're fill a
lot of places Ainsley wants to know what
features are you most looking forward to
in your new house does that battle pool
have a pool I still just be big enough
we were just like bursting at the seams
I think in this house really just want
able to UM feel like we like to
entertain yeah we want to make sure
there's room for guests and their family
and everything flows so that people can
just all hang out it's cool
totally Kara wants to know who's going
to be pregnant next Ali or Denise whoo
yeah I kind of dig la me crazy but I
guess I said she had Calvin before I had
been so I know it's a really good
question
maybe I'll be the same time gonna be a
race yeah okay he says Debbie wants to
know what is your favorite toy
okay go pick it up go pick out your
favorite toy to bring here okay what's
that t-rex is that your favorite
dinosaur also yeah t-rex is pretty dope
before he wants to know when do you plan
on putting Finley Lynn classes I'm so
excited I think it'll be in just the
next couple weeks hopefully within the
month and so maybe like it's starting in
May yeah yeah
Josh Lee wants to know when you plan on
moving yeah so hopefully hashtag soon
Katie wants to know Ollie what happened
here hi
okay say I fell down where'd you fall
down that give me a puff fun you fell
down at me above us yeah always
um oli also answered every question with
I don't know and then says the answer
yes piggy wants to know will you ever
come to London England yes we are
actually going to be in London in
December of this year
um Huggy wants to know how different is
it as a family of four so different
hectic yeah I had no idea how much would
change but like it's just gonna be I
think it's a lot funner too because like
just seeing Ollie and Finn interact is
is like really really great
yeah Amy it's nice because we have one
parent four kids so it's kind of nice if
we need to like tag-team it yeah but it
definitely learned the pulse yeah Kat
wants to know Brian is singing like on
stage as easy as hard as you imagine um
I would say that singing in front of
people on stage like performing is a lot
more nerve-wracking than I thought I get
really nervous
I sort of like get a little crazy in my
head sometimes and I have to like
constantly like like find like my place
because I feel like like one of my days
I can sort of come out of my body and
I'm like oh I got it like I got to go
into myself a little bit more but it's
been really fun like getting to kind of
learn about how to do it sexually uh
Courtney Ollie who's your best friend
mm well chocolate milk is always best
right you have any other friends that
are human yeah who's your friend
I don't know Caspian
and paying there yeah you like them -
yeah are you - Jackson's here - yeah
because he's got with notes have you
guys found a house yet I think we found
that I think we've found the house which
is really exciting
yeah um so I think we found the house
but you know you never know what's gonna
happen
I think it's gonna be really interesting
we know what I like spoil and like
anything too soon or like it committed
to it something happen but I think we
found a house you guys exciting yeah I'm
so excited
Meredith or Missy what's your go-to
Starbucks order my go see Starbucks is
definitely to my top is so good but
actually just learn that I really love
the try key I try key is there good
thanks checks good lean wants to know
what do you love about blogging what do
you love about blogging ollie yeah we
don't know you watch videos of yourself
online yeah what kind of things do you
do you drink chocolate milk in their
videos yeah and we play at water parks
yeah
we do lots of fun stuff I think that's
what we love about blogging that we just
do lots of fun stuff and we get to watch
it back it's really cool
Ollie it's Maisie games your girlfriend
yeah you like games what do you like
best about her food like food she cooks
he does yeah that's all the questions
yeah so yeah thank you guys so much for
watching today we are going to be moving
soon and it's gonna be a really really
fun time for us and we're excited to
bring you guys along for that journey
but we just have a couple more things
basically to do until then so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video
can you say give it a thumbs up thumbs
up hey see you tomorrow
t-tomorrow thanks for watching guys be
sure to check out the blog because
Missy's gonna be blocking a ton over the
next couple days but she's gonna have
lots of fun with the boys I'm gonna miss
you it'll be a quick trip I'll be right
back okay
all right all of you guys say goodbye
yeah say bye Harry loud Boop
where else do you want to buy boo pass
me by boom baby boom
well should we buy boo then all you want
to do it for him since you can't say it
okay you might be scared
is my dozen new he's come
you can put yourself back together
you can run
unless you
