we're going on a trip are you ready dude
yeah if I dad wait I'm coming with you
dude he's coming get it can daddy come
with us yeah all right
good morning ollie hey where are we
going
Disney World
good morning guys it is very early we
are all packed up and ready leaving the
house a long day of travel ahead of us
from Florida play this lot gonna go to
Disney World
gonna go to Universal then do all that
fun things I got an hour and half asleep
look at this little precious bundle of
joy sacked out is the best way to get
ready in the morning with him sleeping
goals I've closed right there whoa hey
Olli Holly what are you drinking
chocolate milk we are in the airport now
did you say hi to your chocolate milk
did say I back cuz that's how you know
you got a problem made it to the airport
we have the whole crew with us and it
was actually very easy and fast and we
are here three hours early so that's
great at least we're here I know at
least we're here we made it la traffic
right now so we're actually just getting
some breakfast now
Polly's eating a banana like a monkey
and now you're a kitty
River River river miss you want in on
this
I think she's embarrassed of our antics
wait no not my
oh my god ah now you're Bob Marley oh
don't worry
put it on down
Holley almost went to Kansas City nice
save Cass we're leaving on a jet plane
great boy you ready boy Oh had a nice
nap yes he just woke up
he's like I'm ready to experience the
fun of playing travel this one's ready
to rest
you ready for ready to hang out on the
airplane we're gonna ride in a
pterodactyl Oh a pterodactyl there's an
airplane yeah let's go come on Polly
we're on a blue airplane yeah
yeah you wanna push the button oh okay
all he found himself a new game sure the
person in front of him loves him
Benny are you on a spaceship it looks
like you're on a spaceship too huh a
pterodactyl then it's so excited to fly
he's already picking out his in pride
entertainment yeah yeah okay we'll play
we'll play with some toys okay
we have made it to our room here in
Florida and check this out hey everyone
yep we are in Florida and we are
overlooking the Disney World which ollie
is very excited about Ollie where we
going and we get a nice phone set Dino
I'll be around fireworks right there
check it out there's a dinosaur all
you're going to die all right you guys
we are at Cracker Barrel for dinner and
look what I got Ollie it's a little
dinosaur Wow
the show to me to it you like that we
can let your whole you pretend I get you
always look at rah hi ollie my name is T
feel it it's all sticky
oh he's got a toe kind of dinosaur that
MIT
is he right oh you got me feels all cool
huh
it feels like a dinosaur huh you like it
buddy
sounds like an awesome fun I know right
what is your pajama say I'm gonna give
it well it's got T Rexes I'm awesome
hear me roar can you roar you could do
it louder than that do it louder oh that
really scared me you are a scary dino hi
you smell good
you were stinky smelly dirty today huh
that's a traveling does to you huh I
just laid back on this little couch bed
thing and now it's like we're falling
into it or falling into it Ollie we're
falling into the couch reading account
yeah hey Ollie so we're in Florida buddy
back yeah you know what you know where
floor it is yeah it's on the other side
of the country from California yeah
we're super far from home uh-uh key
chill where's your chill can you find
some chill
you just find some chill for me just
 chill please cuz I need you to
chill take a chill pill okay here Cara
let me get you a chill pill here take a
chill pill eat it hey you till now so we
are here hey you want more chill okay
here here's some more chill eat it eat
it more Cho yeah alright you gonna be
super chill bro here you go here's some
more hey that's enough but I want you to
overdose on chill okay okay we are in
Florida right now because it is playlist
live we're so excited we have lots of
things going on I will have a schedule
of all of our events on the screen here
and down below in the description that
chill obviously hasn't kicked in yet for
Ollie no it has not we remember we're
going to be doing a bunch of panels on
Saturday I'm performing Saturday night
on stage and then we are doing a huge
meetup on Sunday so I'm really excited
to get to hang out with some of you guys
I love playlist we always have a blast
every single year this is our third year
right babe yeah third year playlist live
to be crazy the way that this room is
set up is it has a couch here which we
make into a bed for Olli all you have
your own big bed all to yourself
say yay and then we of course will be
over there in that bed so we are hoping
that we all get a good night's sleep so
it's been a long day yes really yeah but
I don't eat me Oh eat your hand and I
know now my hands and I know to I'll die
does eating your leg yeah but anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video if
you did be sure to give it a thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment check out all
those links down below and we will see
you manana what do you say
that's where I wanna be
I do
this is home
in the
never look so good Hornets
I'd say it
I am home
and
that's where I wanna be yeah wherever
you're with me little hands that are far
too long to hold up
