good morning my boys how'd you guys
sleep how'd you guys sleep good how'd
you see mr. Finn just as usual we are
playing in the little playroom right now
which is probably one of my favorite
things about this house is just that
they have like their own room and we're
going to set it up super special I'm
really excited about that because I've
been able to kind of get some stuff done
while they played in here and that was
super nice
you got your lizard did ya oh what's he
got on him oh he's got like little hair
on him yeah we have a ton of stuff to
still get together for this house and
kind of prepare at the house but I have
to head out today yes annie has a
doctor's appointment so Finn is off to a
doctor's appointment always going to
hang out with daddy and hopefully we get
more things set up here pretty soon we
still don't have an internet in this
house which is really a bummer we barely
can do anything at all
it's not like a horrible thing but we
have no internet and we're definitely
like the type of people that use our
internet and in every case I mean we use
it for our TV we use it for a job use it
for everything huh yeah so I ended up
not going to the high to the doctor's
because I realized I just don't have
time it was just kind of a checkup
anyway so we moved his appointment to
next week so I'm staying in town we're
doing a bunch of stuff here John here we
got right we got kite John's here yo
seeing John a while and look who's home
comin home and he's so excited to be
swimming ah let's get down let's get
down you missed us you make your Tori
get you toy get it
okay karma the happy dog he's swimming
in a pool Brian just brought us food
he was kite yep Holly what is that
minion so windy here yeah I think that
the kites could do really it would be
really fun and then we've got
construction going on in the kitchen
here we're hoping to get our countertops
today we're hoping morning guys I am in
my mess of an office try another have
anxiety about this everything's kind of
just all over the place going through
boxes a lot of things I really can't put
up until I have the rest of my furniture
so I'm going to have like a big desk
thing here that's gonna have lots of
storage because that's what I need
another thing that I need is Internet I
actually just got back from uploading
the vlog at Jeffrey's house
I ordered internet for this house like
last month March the end of March
because I knew it would take a while and
apparently frontier bought Verizon FiOS
and it's a huge mess they didn't show up
on the install day they didn't show up
on three more install dates after that
and just like left me hanging and now
they're saying they're not gonna be able
to install until next month which is
pretty crappy you asked me but I have
I've only heard bad things about
frontier so and though the only provider
up here they're the only people who do
Internet so that kind of sucks but I'm
dealing with it we'll get through it
actually will have internet up here but
this is my office and I wanted to show
you guys so a lot of the walls we
painted like gray and we did like dark
gray accents and on this wall right here
I wanted to do a big mural and you can
buy these uh sticky wall murals and
stick them up and trim them and I think
it's coming today so I'm gonna try and
install it because it would look so dope
just kind of like give this room a
little bit more character I really
wanted my office to be bright like a big
bright creative space where people can
come and work and do your thing Hey oh
is that it
that's the wall mural huh yeah it goes
right there hey day two hairs looking
good babe you love it
Missy got a special package today as
well oh look at that new washer and
dryer cave I know what's going on they
fit good they don't I don't too big I
cannot reach my light switch oh my gosh
and I can't do so the door is
permanently open how did we do that we
measured everything
well it's sticking out like a foot back
there oh why because of all the tubes
and stuff oh no if it can be scooted
back any further or if this is it and
it's just gonna be open maybe the guys
just put it like that and didn't push it
back I think that these things are huge
wave you could fit inside there I I'll
be able to fit a lot of time there one
time sigh don't do laundry like I said
they don't like crap I got way too much
longer
yeah so it's not my dining room but
setup which I'm really excited about
look at all this space for seating this
is so cool we could actually fit the
entire family now it's just really fun
this is one really Christmas dinner
Thanksgiving yeah totally I love this
table it reminds me of the table in
Harry Potter or Voldemort and all the
Death Eaters sit around it's just like a
big dark table it's cool it's just like
oh so much quiet I just I can't believe
I'm buying stuff for like our home you
know yeah this is our stuff you know and
now you finally have china cabinets you
can put stuff in now we're putting the
bottom of like the entertainment center
it's been weird but now you get a fun
space to decorate babe what's up Vinny
you playing on the back porch
yeah feels so good she's so happy are
you bouncing all right we got Finny set
up he's in the bouncer playing and all
your played on your table whoa you got a
shark did you show fin show fin
hey Finn look it there's another Finn
they can both be named Finn are you
making the shark attack him alright we
are setting up all these little slide he
got for Christmas a couple years ago
you're helping me all right we're gonna
put that right down there okay here set
it down and then I'm gonna lift this up
slide it in slide it in the hole good
job and now this side okay Oh swing it
over good job high five buddy yeah okay
go get the slide I'll touch it kay good
job bring it over here we're gonna
attach it right here okay Missy he's
like helping me put this thing together
all right watch out whoo yeah that's how
you do that's the last piece and then we
can play on it let's put it over here on
this side and you'll climb up here hang
out up there then go down the slide
Allie thank you for your help
and look what Mama's doing Ollie yeah
climb up climb up remember when we got
this for you on Christmas
so I just set this up for the boys and a
fin lovin it you like that cool water
trying to reach yeah yeah yeah you like
it do you like my little boat yeah where
you got this for your birthday yeah I
love this I'm sometimes we were able to
bring it over I love this you can still
play with this thing oh now you can
probably find this yeah that's like a
rock wall just for you
don't get me
get mama get mama yeah is shouid get her
get her fill it up fill it up
you
oli you are soaking wet
are you have him finding a new backyard
aunty shot you whoa oh she's ready to
shoot you again he's got something to
defend himself
you just got to run all you just got to
run from her so there's this little
plant right here does a bird that fly in
and out of here quite often and when the
workers were here she would always fly
out like as soon as anyone would like
open the door shut the door we felt
really bad because she obviously wanted
to be in here and then soon we realized
that she actually made a nest and then
the next day we realized that she had
actual eggs so I have been on bird watch
so there they are you can see I think
there's only three maybe you see a
fourth one baby there's two cutest
little eggs I mean they are the tiniest
little eggs and I'm trying not to let
her see me do this and I want to stay
away from because I want her to take
care of this actually I might be four
eggs huh and they are like teeny tiny
little eggs are the cutest thing and I
cannot wait to watch them hatch watch
them grow up before they come back every
year and hatch some eggs would that be
cool Missy and Ollie have found a snake
ollie
do you notice snake is scary where is it
babe I can hear him Ruben I might catch
him yeah miss he's got a net and these
grabber things Oh tiny container that I
gonna like stuffing it in there Lucy
Shh Minnie happy quiet
no luck
maybe next time yeah I might catch em
next time ow my cool ready what's so
cool about the place that we're at right
now is there's so much wildlife snakes
lizards frogs bunnies coyotes coyotes
yeah coyotes alike they yeah in the back
of her at night get him we're gonna have
a fun summer catching stuff well I have
been trying to organize this house
slowly but surely I've got terilyn here
she's been kind of hanging out with me
hey we actually got plywood on our
countertops we did end up getting the
credit everything just a slow moving
thing when you're doing construction
like this but they extended this out for
me and I love it I just feel like it
opens up everything so much and I'm
really really loving it but I've been
showing Carolyn everything and I'm like
hopefully like singer cuz she's staying
here actually while we're in Florida
everything's just like a mess the cabins
are up I'm like here's the box for the
pots and pans and it's kind of crazy
right now they're flowing but yeah but
hopefully she has fun she has a pool so
it'll be cool but big boys are actually
right now taking a shower and getting
cleaned up and we are getting ready for
bed because we have actually a very very
early flight hey babe we have to be on
in here playing five hours no little
emails in life usually the house in five
hours to get on an airplane super late
and we're so exhausted we've had such a
long day feel like the house is a little
cleaner more organized no bunch of these
boxes disappeared yeah I get stuff done
you'd get sucked on she's amazing
just have like people yeah so you have
other time years are watching this we'll
be on our way to Florida I'm excited to
have a lot of fun with all yea are
really excited for Florida like we're
really sad to leave our house but we're
really excited for Florida's dude and
hopefully by the time we get back some
stuff will be done like that kitchen
like it better be all done but anyway I
think that's all for today's blogging
vlog if you guys enjoyed it be sure to
give it a thumbs up subscribe and leave
a comment and check out all those links
thank you so much for watching we'll see
a manana what do you think what are you
saying okay that's where I wanna be
I do
Benson
this home in the
good porn you're talking
I can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be yeah we're
