he woke up a little bit earlier that I
think you knew he wasn't supposed to
wake up and so he sat down on the stairs
and guess what happened good morning
guys and welcome to Coachella daily
buddies position 2016 yeah we got to get
a always spitting them tunes for us can
you play the piano
place your one-hit-wonder oh yeah dude
you're gonna get all the ladies
screaming huh
play some music pull those down
huh Rock and Robin uh-oh
Ollie I see you got a drum over here can
you drop a sick beat oh yeah check out
those 808 stayin dude this kid knows how
to put on a show that's for sure
good morning guys Holley say good
morning you haven't fun in your little
bouncer yeah
Ollie loves climbing in the exersaucer
after Finn is done being in it I think I
smell a little bit of jealousy a little
bit jealous hi good morning good morning
Finny miss kids smiles are just always
on point you excited for Coachella you
pick out your camping spot looking
pretty snazzy making some oatmeal for
the boys this morning well for the boy
yeah just one boy maybe Sione it has
them look at those big blue eyes right
here in the light they look so big and
blue big and blue I could just swim in
them say good morning to the camera say
good morning good morning I am making
out my face
good morning guys happy Sunday yesterday
was so successful we cleaned out so much
got rid of lots of things organized lots
of things my office is actually like
kind of clean I still got to put stuff
away and stuff but for the most part I
got rid of a ton of things that I don't
need or want anymore
so that was really nice like I don't
know if you guys remember when I got all
of these Harry Potter pop figurines but
they had a special on them all and I
guess it's like super rare to have them
all so I ordered all of them and I want
to display them somewhere but never was
just a nice place in here so I'm really
hoping at the new place put it together
nicely I can like display cool things
like that because it's what I love and
it's uh you know what interests me and I
want my office to sort of be a
reflection of that all right we have
been doing a little bit more cleaning
today and to be honest we were just
getting ready for some big changes
really soon but all we went down for a
nap and you woke up a little bit earlier
that I think you knew he wasn't supposed
to wake up and so
he sat down on the stairs and guess what
happens you fell asleep
he's totally out I think he knew he
wasn't supposed to wake up yet so just
tell his dad the belt please
oh my gosh so so funny and that's what
he did the other night actually he woke
up from in the middle of the night and I
was actually taking a shower and he
crawled out of his room and I think he
knew he probably should it's probably
too early to crawl into mom and dad's
bed and so he just like laid on the
floor and I just fell asleep on the
floor so Brian took a picture of it and
he put it on Instagram so if you guys
want to see that picture go follow him
on Instagram so you can see it I'm
probably gonna Instagram this picture
though this is pretty cute
all right I'm gonna try to move all like
I'm afraid if he like rolls feel like
roll down the stairs so let's just see
if I can do it
oMG you guys this is actually happening
we are in Ali's room now and everything
is off the walls oh except for all these
stuffed animals we gotta get those babe
the packing has officially begun
pretty packing
we're packing so we are working on Ali's
room now got all of this decor and stuff
there and we're just gonna start piling
it into boxes Olli what are we doing oh
yeah we're gonna take all this stuff to
the new house
yeah so cute that he knows it's the new
house so excited
this has been a long time coming we've
been preparing and obviously you guys
know yesterday we really spent a lot of
time organizing the house and thrown
away and decluttering and getting
everything situated and now the day
where we actually start packing yeah
that's mama Olli Olli I'm ma Adi
yeah that's Olli yeah mama chick see
we're sleeping yep that's what we were
doing I need TP all you sleep in you
were sleeping buddy
yeah I don't hey hey hey Olli do you
want to go to the new house too
we should pack you huh yeah hey come
here he's gonna sit right there
come on only we gotta take you to the
new house come on you want to make sure
you get that bring your bread to put it
down oh you want to go to the new house
you want to go play yeah spins like I
want some of that all you want to get
some different sounds very nice probably
wants to share okay what it's Kim do
Mickey drinks milk yeah that'll yeah all
right Ali get to work we gotta start
packing things up okay we're gonna pack
your room yeah bring all your stuffed
animals yeah yeah no your pillows and in
your books yeah yeah and all your toys
and what
you hey you want to pack me in yeah okay
I'll get in the box with you hmm
it's not gonna be very much room oh I
think we're gonna need a bigger box Olli
yeah we're going to the new house huh
hey what do you want to do with the new
house first okay you want to play with
toys yeah yeah what else do you want to
do Oh baby baby bags like Woody and Buzz
oh that's so cute I'm honestly so
excited for all you to like see his room
and get to unpack and okay I'll get in I
know it's gonna be so much fun we're
just so excited for this new adventure
like we're about to start a whole new
part of our life yeah we are - please
Olli packed me in huh should you get out
you can close it up what all right let's
pack mom up she's gonna get in you close
all those clothes that one there you go
well it was I close enough little bit
check it down further okay he's back in
you and it's okay Finny mama will be
right back he's so worried
it almost works babe maybe the new house
all you have a scale of 1 to 10 how are
you excited to go to the new house yeah
say 10 daddy 10 that's right I'm like
hyping him up publishing dinner but
anyway yeah we're excited and we're
excited to take you guys along for this
journey hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment and we'll see you manana hey oli
know what we need to pack up we need to
pack the camera
okay yeah you want to take the camera to
the new house I think we should huh okay
let's put the camera in the box just
like that and come help me close it
let's close these and you know what to
say
say bye
you might be scared
j√∂rgen put yourself back
ah you can run
they say
it will never change
and yummy
it's like a lion
Oh
must just keep walking with one foot
