oh yeah Oh Ollie better step up your
game
Caspian one good morning guys excuse my
dirty messy bedhead
today is a day of decluttering and
purging and ridding ourselves of all the
junk we don't use the junk we hoard
getting rid of it throwing trash away
giving other things to people who need
it really is amazing how much trash you
collect yeah really literally just boxes
they're just like boxes that we've left
on it like why why no just about that
tie the way this springtime babe is it
we're spring cleaning yes
we're free clearly a three time we're so
trendy and hip and cliche so funny
pregnancy tests hmm should I take one
yeah you should should I take one I
probably the same result oh they're not
pretty so their ovulation oh yes
today is a day that we are just cleaning
going through like our nightstands our
closets our drawers our cabinets and
making sure that everything is just nice
and clean it's we're doing it because
it's spring cleaning um and obviously
you know we plan on moving soon it's
gonna make that process a whole lot
easier we have it's not like we've been
at this house for a super long time so
it's not super crazy like I don't think
that we're like too bad like yeah we're
really not pretty clean like we try and
keep things pretty pretty clean so I'm
not too worried about it
I'm so conflicted because it's like do
you live a life fair you know you only
have things that you need but then
you're like constantly throwing things
away because you cannot find people fast
enough for things that you want to give
away it's like a mix between being
wasteful and being realistic I want to
throw away everything
we're super let's just be super simple
but then you like throwing away
everything when you should like fucking
go have a place for it yeah Oh down over
here baby down
oh that's little better yeah there you
go thank you keep him busy
hey Finn you see when the ollie had
power over this one Ollie ollie Chom
Chom all the cool things those what are
these what does this do oh that is
pretty awesome babe do you like that
friend he has been being more
independent like he wants to sit down
and play with toys you know he totally
does so that's really cool it isn't
really good condition yeah it is huh I
heard the batteries just don't work it
now all you can play with your brother
when he's a nut think a you want take
him out if you want to get in it yeah
look who's here playing some Hungry
Hungry Hippos with Caspian who's winning
Caspian oh yeah Oh Ollie better step up
your game
Caspian won whoa you got the gold one
that's so cool dude are they actually
playing it correctly or they just like
smash it okay he was no no no I just
like smashing it that's funny yeah
Hannah came over and actually brought us
some lunch and Ollie and Caspian are
playing and now I am going through the
mess that is my office
it's insane in here you guys so I have
to sort through all of this all has all
of this but I actually grabbed all of
our YouTube rewards - so we have the
million award in here and then we have
the three awards for all of our channels
mine daily bumps and Missy's we're gonna
find somewhere cool that we can actually
display these all you is your hippo
eating all the balls cool Caspian do you
still have all your tattoos oh yeah oh
that's cool
all these are all guard look at his arm
it's empty but he's still got his big
all Superman one oh really
oh you have that one what is that one
Caspian Oh Green Lantern oh cool we have
now moved on to the toy room
luckily doesn't all he doesn't totally
understand what's going on but we have
been going through them and I have to be
honest guys I'm very sentimental about
all these toys I can throw away about
just about anything but when he comes to
his toys for some reason I'm just like
but that's what we got hit when he did
this so that's what we got him when he
did that so I'm just like really crazy
about it so I was like mom I'm gonna
need your help with this because my mom
loves to throw away toys I remember the
kid mommy one yes we're donating but she
loves to get rid of my toys I know it
buddy what are you doing with those what
do you do with those thank you mom
uh-huh anything if you just went through
everything we cleared all of those and
all those toys fit into that and then
Cassie's over here organizing all his
books but she has lots of books which I
love
I'm going to put it yeah Kathy's like he
is 2d books I said you can't have too
many books when you're a kid but then I
just went through all of his stuffed
animals and we had to get rid of a few
things but nothing too bad we tried not
to give it one day idea to get rid of
that was kind of sentimental was the
peas in the pod we got this for Finn for
he was born I believe and then of course
often was the peas in a pod right after
he's born karma chewed up all the little
Peas so we couldn't keep the peas in the
pod boy it's just actually really hard
for me to throw away so here's the peas
in the pod but look at it is trashed
he's dirty what he's trying to keep
track of all as toy but what he's in
there with all his friends hopefully
throw anyone too important away we have
been working at the house
all day long we are losted that qingyang
cow we hung out with terilyn today a
little bit and now he is like completely
obsessed with her because she had to go
home sheriff he's saying terylene or
trampoline I was like you know let's
take a break and let's go to Starbucks
do what a Starbucks run now felt like
some sweets I'm good we actually had
Chinese for dinner which was really good
guys so weird because scar but Starbucks
is all the way down there but the
drive-through is right here yeah all
righty just feeling like something sweet
and yummy
what for Starbucks what can I get
started for you hi can I get a venti
tuxedo hot chocolate
I'll lead you on a pumpkin bread yeah
can I get a slice of pumpkin bread sure
did you want that warmed up yes please
cool hey Holly how's that pumpkin bread
oh good good is it nicely yeah that nice
and more as you fall down said that like
ten biddies of videos ago so he got a
pumpkin bread and I got my hot chocolate
and oh gosh an iced tea thing passionate
are you drinking or so we also got him a
cute little chocolate milk any we're
gonna wait to give it to him at some
time seasonal but what you do oh you got
a touch of cookie no me no I do what you
say Olli oh you want your chocolate milk
we're almost home will drink it when we
get home okay look and it begins
okay I'll you was steady gonna read you
yep Shug Davis favorite books right now
ten little dinosaurs and the very silly
shark and we're all ready for bed look
at him sleepy source Rex who you had
dinos all over you hey Olli what I'm
there too
Triceratops arrow tops what's what's
dead I'm an army man today yeah camo he
came over that all by himself
yeah you did yeah yeah the various -
here - Oh Finn wants to hear dude - he
looks out of it looks like he's gonna be
so tired
he's been asleep oh alright you ready
what watch this whoa that dolphin
attacked
yeah lots of ocean animals are hiding in
this book wanting to jump out at you to
come so come and take a look I'm the
sous shark
hello I'm the city shark my ollie hi
it's a crab the crab is in the sea yeah
it's a turtle your favorite yeah what do
you like about turtles um a dragon
okay what color are they um one green
one right that's amazing mm-hmm that's a
green turtle he's been working on his
colors get so good with in colors and
numbers whoa
puffer fish mm-hmm give it give it give
it a kiss it's the pucker fish mwah
I am very clearly boring spit right now
sorry fin that the book is it more
exciting you know what what sounded sea
horses make probably go blah blah blah
blah blah - hey hey Ollie did you have a
good day yeah yeah what you did today ah
it's that bad yeah and who did you play
with um Caspian yay you wanna help I'm a
hot wok okay tell them give it a thumbs
up and say subscribe
they leave a comment pakis and we'll see
you tomorrow
okay you know say goodbye
you might be scared and that's okay
cuz my dozen
j√∂rgen put yourself back
you can run
they say
yeah
