hey guys and good morning welcome to
today's vlog before we start I wanted to
say surprise there's a new video on my
channel right now linked down below in
the description we did a music video for
this one of the songs off my EP called
by my sides and it turned out so cool
it's a super cool version we used a ton
of found objects go check it out I did
this collab with Andrew Huang who is
extremely talented and I think you guys
are definitely gonna love how it turned
out so go watch that video link down
below in the description now onto
today's vlog good morning guys today I
am feeling the the woes of
modern-day life gone wrong does that
make sense
the last night if you guys watched in
order to say Finn's life I threw my
phone into the water and at first it was
working fine but it will not charge
anymore and it was already like at like
10% so it officially died last night and
it will not charge or turn back on
though at this point I had no
communication working on my phone so
Brian had to leave he's got tons of
meetings this morning and I actually
have to head out the house to meet him
but I couldn't find this charge anywhere
but I think I actually did find it cuz I
must have felt I did so anyways I'm
going to try and communicate with my
with my computer to let people know like
what's going on and what I'm doing but
the other problem is that I don't even
have any of my like wallet stuff I seem
to have I think I switched all my like
ID and cards and stuff and put them
until I got clutched for the movie
premiere and now I can't find have that
clutch anywhere some kind of hoping one
of the girls maybe have grabbed it
because at this point I'm I have no
money
yesterday I was actually driving around
and I was out of gas and I didn't have
my cards again
and so my mom ended up having to come by
and get me gas again life is just so
hectic right now guys I can't even
explain it but we just are running like
a million miles a minute and we're like
barely able to think straight and
remember things and do things so oh yeah
I remember the other problem I actually
have no way to communicate right now
because we actually have no internet at
the house right now
it is not working oh I cannot use my
computer to communicate and tell people
that I don't have cards I'm having a
hard time being able to leave the house
because I don't have my money I don't
have my anything I just feel like I have
nothing like what am I supposed to go to
do where am I supposed to meet you
because I don't have a phone that is why
I am feeling the modern-day woes right
now good morning my little munchkin are
you a boss oh yeah you're like a boss
huh um can you explain to me what
happened to this room it is like a
complete disaster did a tornado come in
here yeah is that tornado named Olly
yeah yeah and Finn's over here just
playing with what we got Finn's over
here just playing with woody he's
playing with woody how cool is that it
is your woody but you love to share huh
see how he's eating the Hat and woody
has all kinds of pen marks because one
day um Olly got a pen and he marked all
over him but that's just part of you
know making memories on woody huh
alrighty then
we've got Finn in his car see and he is
so happy you've been doing so much
better than a car huh you kind of
understand the deal this thing just
takes you places and then we get to go
somewhere fun huh so I just met up with
Brian and my
dad and I actually was able to find my
money thank goodness my dad ends up
letting me use his phone he kind of
loaned me his phone just because since I
am calf it's kind of like not the safest
to just be wandering around without a
phone I know it sounds silly for some
people because we shouldn't be so
reliant on our phones but I don't know I
just feel like it's a safety thing that
was super super nice of him to let me
borrow it luckily he's probably with my
mom anyway so they have a phone it's
much easier with just one I've ended up
putting Finn in the stroller um which I
think he actually enjoys usually I wear
him but lately he's just crying and
pulling away and I ended up carrying I
had a pair of anyways so I was like
let's just put in the stroller
you know work this is my dad's fall
paper okay it's like busy schedule death
this is the front one it's just super
cute checking to see the wood is
straight tin has been very good in the
stroller which has been really really
nice huh yeah cuz then I don't have to
carry it so it's been working out really
good it's not done at the Apple Store I
got my new phone although it's not
working yet I just got this little bug
in his car seat is so stinking cute huh
you ready to take me on yeah you got a
little angry there at the Apple Store
cuz we had to wait so long huh yeah hey
guys so I just got Mimi and Papa's house
and I think there's definitely evidence
that Ollie has been here there's just a
mess everywhere
Ollie are you making messes that Mimi
and Papa's house yeah is it fun to make
messes here - good day to you sir
good day good day I love this rug that
you guys got yeah so nice you just put
fit on the ground and you can just do
his weird crawl thing huh Holly would
you do it are you in a box are you
trapped in the box oh no it's the Box
baby
bucks baby attack what are you doing
today
ah whoa you got a cool dyno truck whoa
what's it do
whoa you can make that spin what else
does it do no way he has a measuring
tape tongue he's like yeah I don't bite
me all right you okay let go daddy's
shirt uh I guess where we are
yes throwback Thursday for yeah yeah
we're on Oliver Garden we are all of our
garden and we are eating chicken gnocchi
soup and it is so amazing I had the
craving for something salty and garlicky
Finn is going to be six months old very
very soon which means again starts like
trying solid food more regularly but we
have been like sneaking him things and
seeing how he gets with like textures
and like different kinds of food and
stuff so I just gave him a noodle
he's just been playing with the right
knowledge because we do want to go more
of the baby language in Rauscher A's
so it's kind of fun ken is like so hard
to watch him play yapper food in his
mouth
I just been watching pretty closely
I don't think he's ever eaten anything
just kind of like masculine place on
that yeah he hasn't like eat anything at
all but he's just kind of been exploring
different foods and tentacle you want to
eat bread yeah
Holly's favorite thing at Oliver Garden
is the bread Sena are we just walked by
and she had a drink that had strawberry
on it and only went I want a strawberry
huh no sabe and she just brought over a
plate with a strawberry we didn't even
ask for in a strawberry but she just
heard him and she was like big this
thing yeah it's ginormous
that's a big bite it is babe we're going
down holy ah see how we fight in the
dark
what I accused myself the tyrant force
yes you get so horribly oh and Victoria
hey hey hey Olli I fight you are you
okay though
okay I love you oh look at this little
young Yoda crawling into the playroom
was all the way in the living room you
want to play with the green one you can
play the green one okay
yeah I did oh he likes the blue okay
use the Force Finley
use the Force who you want the red one
oh I think he's choking the dark chosen
the dark side yeah that definitely means
you've chosen the dark side
Olli are you being a dinosaur
show me your pyjamas show me your
pyjamas yeah yeah dinos all day
all right day I just read Ollie a
bedtime story ten little dinosaurs I
highly recommend it he loves it has
everything you could ever want has Dino
eggs is Dino mommies it has Triceratops
t-rex's Dino poop everything on ya is
counting we love to count I love you
yeah you want a cup of big water
yeah well momma's got water you can
share with her okay take a drink of
water and then we can go to bed okay
backwash central that's good so good hey
I love you yeah yeah good night Wow okay
you want to say goodbye to the vlog you
wanna say goodbye to the vlog say go
watch that as new video it's leaked down
below thank you guys for watching we'll
see you manana get the vlog of thumbs-up
do thumbs up thumbs down you know what
to say right just how much you mean to
me
Oh baby the night
I not gonna be a forever
Oh in this line
whatever by my side
sighs OH
Oh
