okay Jackson buddy hey buddy what's in
your mouth can be my first Easter looks
like all Finn's enjoying it no this is
the best way to hold yes yes it is
Easter morning and more year all yes
good morning we're all in Utah still
really really wanted to get up and go to
church we were so exhausted you guys
were up to like three or four in the
morning we're still completely
jet-lagged and it just was not gonna
happen especially with these kids they
need their sleep huh
they still need this sleep and then like
not feeling very good I've got a sore
throat so jetlag and then on top of it's
like convention yes that's a rule yes
hey bones are very draining and now we
have breakfast okay
doing church right now pastor Jeff is
here and Andrew yes we're gonna do
Church right here at IHOP did I think
for this time then you can fail my
friend and make you just amazing right
you can just let this food bus or day
thank you provide say you want a raise
EP that your name Amen you guys Hannah
is literally Leslie no waffle and
whipped cream oh yes it's come on Andrew
ordered a salad and fries happy Easter
bro mr. paneros we are now actually at
Ellie's parents house and I have to say
I love staying here and being here it
just feels so comfortable and it's been
such a hectic two or three days for us
we're all kind of just like feeling it
weigh on our shoulders like just feeling
super tired and jet-lagged and kind of
crazy so we are actually going to hang
out with them for a couple days which
I'm super excited about but today is
Easter you guys so Ollie and all of the
all the other kids are going to come out
here and hunt for eggs and they went all
out look at this eggs as far as the eye
can see
whoa it's got rabbits and spaceships
that's so cool you guys excited to get
some eggs yeah hey the boys back in town
I'm sure the boys are back in town dude
I'm so excited you're here I'm so
excited to be here
Jared breaking out his drone dude look
at all of these one else here we're
gonna do some aerial footage of
everything we've got the drone and we've
got like a little message over there and
we're gonna film all the kids running
around causing a ruckus it's gonna be
insane dude way too much candy it's
gonna be insane you got the ginormous
iPad oh yeah it's so much nicer I know
I'm using my phone but I'm like maybe I
could put a mini on it you know that's
what Collin doesn't it's pretty good
yeah small but it's a big screen hey hey
Jared it's actually Cullen what'd I say
don't matter how I'm
under way it doesn't matter if you say
it right we still always talk each other
about it he has the op-ed ninnie : yeah
Drona ch
look at your dress you look so cute Ali
let's go you ready
Holly look at all the eggs buddy are you
getting them like an egg master at this
point okay get this big gold one get it
get it get it put it in your basket you
got you got a big one too Olivia look at
all the ones in the tree Cody you're
doing good oh it's a dino egg that's so
cool by me they are racing to this egg
on the very top be careful oh oh wow it
is the great race oh she's a shad she
got it there's another one right over
here inside how is that even possible
how was I supposed to get that dude
they're legit hiding eggs hey Jackson
buddy hey buddy what's in your mouth
candy you and Ollie are just the same
aren't ya show me what you got dude oh I
see a minion and a Mickey Mouse one guy
so I think your buckets full I don't
know if you can fit anymore in there
they went all out huh so cool we're here
with almost all I see all of Ellie
sibling still one Oh miss all but one oh
yeah
Aaron Missouri so tons of kids and
everyone just having fun out here in the
backyard oh look at Rowan happy Easter
Missy did you see he has the new one
look how sleek it is it's like all it's
like all shiny white it follows you it's
slick
oli is macking on candy right now got a
full bucket Benny I cannot believe this
is your very first Easter happy Easter
buddy
he's loves watching all the kids run
around like crazy you're eating lots of
candy huh he got a full look at that
that's insane
he knows the game no Jessica could use
eggs out like whoa
and Calvin knows the cons I've you just
take Jacksons huh and eat his candy you
keep that was that one thank you like
just my first Easter chuckling oh yeah
he's straight-up about to put that in
his not he's almost six months they've
just let him up use chocolate you can
check food in like six months yeah
chocolate almost there he's almost there
no let's not let his first food be
chocolate case you guys did not know
Jennifer makes the best rolls ever I
dreamt about these things anyways this
is homemade right yeah of course it's
homemade you made it they're just so
salty and buttery and amazing I'm just
so happy to be here eating Ross cuz I
knew I was making them for him all right
whoa what's the bigger place
okay hang on so we just opened all of
his eggs and we got all the candy out
and he's got two more big eggs he's
trying to open them up right now let's
see and open it up what is it oh cool
all right open it up you can open it
Jack who's that
spongebob let's see Wow spongebob all
right let's open it while the kids all
collect their loot the adults play here
only like seven feet just found Ollie
trying to climb like you want up all
right I'll help you be careful there you
go be careful okay you got spongebob
yeah show your friends show your friends
a spongebob I'll show it to them this is
too funny it is on the swing holding on
passing out Jeff freaking one not even
that's adorable Hannah I always see you
with a different kid Hannah
yeah I feel like he was gonna bawl I
think it's just that she needs to have
another baby
we are with Ellie and Bonnie and I've
got all my girls
Cassie's in here even decided and we are
going on a little girl trip we're going
to target we are excited that you guys
guys are this tough never go yeah they
never go we all go like all the time
we're like I'm some target I'm a little
bummed that we're going to target and I
can't really buy anything because we're
packing so and like I saw like go buy
another bag yeah then you can pack it
guys and so we gonna buy a suitcase and
then we can know and then I'm dragging
everyone to Starbucks because I'm just
like obsessive star lately and it's easy
cuz they are obsessed with Starbucks and
it sounds like Ellie Bonnie you guys
have to drive the tuxedo hot chocolate
it's amazing so I'm gonna see anybody
think that day I learned a new charm
always small
yes large they got the grande I got this
is her so everything and I got the venti
she's got our caramel frappe attention
you guys always get the same thing I try
with whip cream yes
just because you better give a great
reaction yeah because it is very good
good don't ever get their hot chocolate
those nervous
I do not like their hot chocolate it's
too bitter yes it's like chalky that is
very good like mocha thank you whoever
bought it we are so bummed because it's
Easter and target is closed so we had to
come to water I really wanna do it at
Target guys sweet voice is the worst
right now it's gotta be nut drink our
Starbucks which was all good right you
had loved it yeah you guys loved your
Starbucks as usual all gone and we
managed to shop and we had a blast and a
super fun we spent a little bit more
time here and a little bit more money
than we showed up probably for skiing it
yes we're going skiing tomorrow and
finding kind yes you know what he was a
good tag along he was very good
okay good night you are so sweet I have
fun with you
do you want to sing nice okay in then
yeah
live almost a good night did you guys
have a good Easter would you guys shut
off all their goodies say nine eight -
auntie can one give me a real hug nobody
say night-night Garret say nine eight -
Andrew nobody does a good job okay say
night-night Jared oh that's the kindest
words you've ever said to me in my
entire goodnight anybody I love you yeah
got jet fun today Mama's gonna go with
you all he's saying that I defend
so good it love you were you just
looking at your hair yeah I always I
always able to check my hair that's like
wow lift it like really lift it really
lifts it try Oh oh yeah how we doing hey
anyway just like old times look at us
editing together this on well it'll just
be a matter of time before I fall asleep
that is true in a matter of time before
I post picture of it
anyway that's all for today's vlog hope
you guys enjoyed it
be sure that you were subscribed to all
our friends we'll have all their links
down below in the description thanks for
watching leave a comment subscribe check
out the links all that good stuff
wait can I may I have the honors you may
have the honors let me take out my
headphone ready bye born behind glasses
I was just a lonely boy always skipping
classes oh we came from different worlds
it didn't slow us down who knew who knew
I remember love like fire
I'm helped hide I was barely getting by
but your eyes lie you this
