Brian Delaney good morning good morning
to kasi and Ollie and look who else is
here
you got a bail in Jackson are here buddy
I'll give you decide how le is here and
Hanna's here and we are having a little
make-up party get ready party so yes we
do our hair breaks a new dress you guys
YUM I'm starving you know Apple burn you
up be nice you want to blueberry muffin
Jam no you have to share that from
Jackson buddy say aloha
oh we're not know why anymore are we
yeah yeah we're in Utah say good morning
morning what you eat in Apple Apple cuz
Jackson stole your blueberry muffin huh
I walked in with that blueberry muffin
and Jackson took it and scarfed it that
boy was hungry Hannah you're on baby
duty thank you mrs. get no blood baby it
curl your hair yeah and probably not
very safe either
yeah rehearsing for the main stage at
CVX got schwanke he's gonna be on keys
Jeffrey's gonna be on guitar you leave
fun we're just gonna do a couple songs
nothing huge like the party that we
threw Taking Chances ooh
go away and I'm by myself asking every
day
we are backstage at CVX and look who we
ran into the beautiful Bonnie she she
complimented me in her blog so I've
become my hearing my luck you look
amazing
yeah ollie give him give Olivia a hug he
insisted on wearing Captain America you
look so good buddy
my kids are wondering if they can come
right on your toys like what do we do
plan on it yes yes we'll have you guys
over soon all are you ready we're going
in to see the yaks say CVX we are all
ready look at you babe
oh you look good admire a lot of we
were we were ready for Hawaii but now we
are walking into CVX we have a meet-up
in like 13 minutes a student cold it
feels amazing
I honestly I'm loving it Cody and Ollie
are becoming best friends aren't you are
you guys best friends yeah hey you want
to give them a hug Ollie give Cody a hug
give him a big hug oh oh you can even
pick him up dude
that's legit that's Cody yeah kind of
like coda but Cody Cody and this is
ollie oh look we got some Star Wars
Battlefront going Cody do you know how
to play this game yeah you're gonna
dominate
do you play as the rebels all right we
are headed to our meetup and now excited
to see a bunch of you guys all they
literally described a controller you
gonna play with him okay
that's okay this is how we play video
games with him at home we just give them
a controller I see they let just anyone
in here they're here they for you it's
been quite a brand how are you good how
are you good
what up guy oh look at repping the Star
Wars Ollie's reppin Captain America CVX
let's do this
she wants to see Cody up stick your
disability dude so I have to I have to
clarify in our house we always call you
the ABI family man that's fine because
in California eh is it yeah but in Inc
in Canada it's a yeah be family it's all
gonna be family google it that way too
they even know it yeah a be family right
there with you guys I love them they're
awesome we're headed to our meetup we
have no idea what to expect you heard
that the line is kind of out the door
we are following them Oh watch out for
the plug it's like an obstacle course
madam you look great watch for the plug
watch for the plug to me try to go to
your middle darn it up and you have to
wait in line you go to the very dude I
missed you we'll talk later
what's up guys TV access student
babe look at our faces ha ha ha and
we're in our pajamas all he say hi to
everyone wave this is a whole new world
for Finny he's never met this many
people they all love you Finny
what do you think of all that buddy
lucky suck shell he likes you guys
she said I hate it
little bit a little bit look who I
finally get this guy you're real I just
thought you were like an email box I
sometimes just clone myself ha ha ha
it's Peter friggin Rawlings guys get a
clap to watch it if you haven't done so
good you sound so good I sound great my
son really sound good no you some bit
this is just a compliment train just
gonna go around around for hours so I'll
just let you guys you guys you guys you
need to tell them you sing with me later
ha ha 90 minutes Hey crossbows I don't
know the song that well to sing it I
know I'm excited he's trying to peer
pressure we've been having such a blast
at playlist live I'm just now seeing the
floor area for the first time so there's
tons to do there and actually I'm gonna
be up on stage in just a couple of
minutes but I want to show you this oli
wore himself out look at that I'm so
happy he was able to get a nap in he was
not happy
how's this baby doing you having fun
after getting mobbed at CVX Brian
Delaney
I love you
Oh
my friend
when
never
Oh
me
Oh
my back okay
I know
yeah
we wanna be
like you might
Oh
I uh
where
yeah
you see my favorite song is even love me
this is lovely oh there you are my
favorite thing is this is home because
it's been such a huge part of my life
it's changed you know what I do I love
to me it's got to be
for people who are just really starting
to channel suggestions be who you are
like you know don't come on show you
know just show them who you are that's
what YouTube is all about it really
showing people your personality because
someone will relate to you no matter
your personality Philly's going through
the things from a computer do the thing
to do it so I think I'm finding you know
just being yourself
totally thank you guys so much for just
coming out everything it's all very new
to me and I just I really appreciate
this or on it means or all we can really
do slug so thank you guys all right you
guys they have massage chairs in the
green room don't bother
look at this do you see your mom treat
yourself
neither of IL e look at her calling you
out Bonnie
we got massage sales and look at who we
have here now Missy is getting a massage
Oh soda ah disaster okay bro you treat
yourself this green room is on fleek it
is also all of the ridge beam up yeah
sorry we're late we're waiting on
Jeffrey sorry guys let's hear you guys
make some noise ready go oh wait thing
Oh that'd be queer away you just fall in
my hand okay ready the drone would've
been perfect for this song incredible
someone who knows how to live beneath it
come up here everyone come up note that
idea with me scoffs ooh watch me nanny
watch me whip whip whoa Elizabeth let's
hear for Elizabeth you guys look at her
name dang it's like it it's like he has
sons or something good
you sure all right without scaring the
baby let's say on three daily bumps and
then I'll take a picture ready one two
three all right
alright everybody we are all done with
CVX live
we finished our super fan meetup and now
I am at my good friend Amy's house you
guys may remember Amy we hung out had
dinner starts yeah so Amy is an author
and we're kind of just hanging out at
her place but she has a beautiful piano
and the only person who can really play
is Garrett because he's like you Boris
we're gonna play all these song for you
okay
you
can't get me
Oh
needs we bring
Oh
means
we is going to give us all a copy of her
book not in the script
go check it out go read it by Amy
Finnegan she's amazing she's an amazing
author but when you're signing them for
us we are getting signed copies and guys
thank you
you're awesome Amy yeah all right you
guys we are back at always held but we
had a blast at CVX live thank you for
having us out but we're not leaving Utah
just yet we have a fun day tomorrow it's
Easter and we are gonna be spending it
with the Meachem family which is always
fun thank you for watching today's vlog
click that thumbs up button if you
enjoyed it
comment subscribe go check out all those
links down below in the description and
we'll see you manana
by nodding behind glasses I was just a
lonely boy always skipping classes oh we
came from different worlds it's in small
town who knew who knew
I remember love the like fire
and helped hide I was barely getting by
put your eyes lying you this
