good job buddy
Alys say good morning good morning
everyone is very early we woke up at
like 4:00 a.m. we're here at the airport
super early we have a super long day of
travel ahead of us so we are headed to
Utah to go to CVX live Ollie who are you
gonna see in Utah yeah your buddy
Jackson we're gonna go see the airplane
kay go see it jump go see the airplane
whoa
we're gonna get on that thing it is yes
it's a very big airplane come on Ethan
he's caught everyone hi eating down your
blankey trying to get the Wiggles out
before our five six hour flight maybe
one of those morning toss we have a very
long flight ahead of us so we're trying
to get all those moves out before we got
sick I'm on that very long layover
layover and every other flight just give
me a very long day of traveling I barely
slept last night
Finn was like super fidgety and he
fidgeted things literally threw up all
over me Oh like yeah messages asking
randomly the mill the night for a towel
I was like why and then I told my friend
like I need that towel because he threw
up all over me just all over it was so
gross your seatbelt buddy slide
it in yep right there
huh you did it now pull the strap good
job Missy he's buckled his own buckle
Polly knows how to fly by now right
buddy yeah you got your iPad watching
some lilo and stitch reminiscing about
all this Hawaiian adventures take a hand
shoes off and socks right that's very
essential when you fly you gotta take
the shoes and your socks I'd thank you
too oh and you also got blankie yeah oh
and a dude thank you Finn look at you
got a nice view of auntie he's like hi
you
we have another flight ahead of us so he
needs to get out as Wiggles
we are in LA now and we have a couple
hours to our next flight where we're
headed to Utah so it's like three
different weathers it's like Hawaii LA
Utah Hawaii and for like raising cold
yeah like snowed the other day so yeah I
should be fine ah
all right Ollie we got to go snack for
mom okay what do you think so why
that cinnamon roll I think she'll spend
mmmm it's 5:02
all right Ollie it's coming out get it
go down like that push it get it good
job let's go bring those to mama she's
gonna love having a snack Holly is
having a blast running up and down this
Airport
okay we're boarding our final plane
we're gonna walk right onto the plane
Holly okay he's ready
good job buddy good job
I know did you hit the plane Ollie
hollien aunty get to sit next to each
other on this one I know so much fun are
you gonna be on your best behavior Ollie
all right you got yourself a little
flying buddy okay we kind of scored see
we get to sit next to each other
we have London
we're in the great lake of salt or the
sultan Blake right back leg we are going
to bag baggage no just one bag they will
only have one back there this bag clean
not baggage anyways you just landed
apparently here and super fun we miss
the dance Rock sided - not bein a nice
true I'm very much tired of flying
traveling done but I'm really excited to
be here I'm super bummed that we missed
the dance-off with Ellie and Jared and
everyone like oh it's so cool I kind of
tried to watch like little clips of it
on Twitter that people were sharing but
I wish I would have been able to see
them dance and that was so cool
Cassie how has the weather fan Garlin
myself with the luggage I I prepared
myself I've got pants on and legs long
nice long he hyper mom in Hawaii yeah
yeah look at him he covered himself like
what you think
yeah hey Missy I think it's uh he's
asleep okay yeah he covered somebody
like this freaking I think it's safe to
say that's not a quite yeah but it does
not work well with my tan guys like my
first fan I'm trying to keep him covered
are you chilly baby it's like what it is
he's like it felt good our Savior
Jefferson has picked us up yeah
thank you bro gary was here she with me
though I thank you yeah any brought us
Reese's yeah we couldn't have it it
feels so good to be in the car where
there's H bro check this out to see
warmer oh this is life there's seat
warmers back there but the car seats are
back there so that doesn't really do
well how do I always did gypped on the
on the seat warmer what's he got on all
yeah he's got dinos on him I love
dinosaurs
yeah yeah a lot more than to their home
buddy
ah yeah what are you doing are you being
a doggie come here come in come in come
on ducky come on Dickie come on Dee go
Rufus go Rufus
we have made it we are in Utah we are
hot mess we are exhausted tired yes I
know that huh been up since 3:30 doing
this time to go to bed
we got CVX live in the morning we are so
excited we're gonna have a fun day and
Utah where you need a bunch of you guys
I am actually gonna be performing on
stage and we're be doing @qa
you're gonna have a meet-and-greet it's
gonna be a lot of fun so thank you guys
so much for watching today's vlog if you
enjoyed it be sure to click that thumbs
up on subscribe leave a comment check
out all those links and morcilla manana
say bye harden behind glasses I was just
a lonely boy always skipping classes oh
we came from different worlds it didn't
slow us down
who knew who knew
I remember love the like fire
I'm help tides I was really getting by
but your eyes lying you decided to take
a chance take a chance on me who knew
who knew
yeah
is counting all the places we go now
cause we'd overcome
very easily tear down in all
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
to anything
