found something weird I think it falls
out of these trees what is it ollie he
looks so weird good morning guys this is
another beautiful day here in Hawaii
Aulani we are excited for today we are
headed down to a little kid area that we
were hanging out at yesterday and we are
gonna let Ollie plate for a little while
and then were actually headed out to a
snorkel which we're really excited about
Brian so this you have the blog poor guy
we were so tired last night I couldn't
keep my eyes open and I felt so bad
cause he was gonna have to start well
let's start editing it was like 10:30 at
night and he literally passed out on his
computer it was quite hilarious he woke
up at like 2:00 in the morning his hi
I'm just gonna need to go to bed I guess
yeah he's gonna hit the vlog right now
hopefully we're a little bit more
well-rested for today cuz it's going to
be a fun day alright we've got all these
seats right now and all he's getting
ready to go play he's pretty excited
he's warming up to this very crazy
watery area excited go play alright we
are headed out of the hotel and we are
gonna go get on a boat and we can do
some snuba are you snooping are we
moving
I'm snuba hey I'm gonna see you yeah we
gonna do ba we're gonna go in the water
and look at fishies okay you're gonna go
on a boat any your hats are on fleek
this week I just gotta say bro it is a
little Sun shirt how difficult up on it
huh
yeah you're looking good in Hawaii
homeboy ah found something weird I think
it falls out of these trees what is it
ollie it looks so weird
even in the comments below what is it do
you like um we don't know
I just found a slug ooh
I got shot Holly Holly look at the slug
you is he cool touch him just touch
right there
ooh ooh look at you see a move touch him
yeah yeah I'll do it look oh you've got
to get you he's gonna get you he's a
slugger snail I think it's a snail nails
have shells all right dude there you go
Ollie you're on a boat it's a nice boat
too but this one has so few people so
it's nice it's really nice very intimate
yes
are you gonna go snorkeling with pop-ups
have fun okay wait a jump on buggy board
alright Missy and I and Cassie are gonna
go snuba this is our regulator you've
never done this before
we're gonna see how it goes
you
what you think Missy
we were literally swimming a fish I was
swimming so close to a fish I thought
poop it pooped in my face Oh does it ha
ha and then I suddenly realized that's
all we're swimming in is there proof got
to the boat and look who could it hang
good job Mimi yeah he got in the sleep
yeah so how long was he in the water
about 15 minutes did you buy any fish oh
he saw a lot of he liked he really lay
down he could see him but then he would
look too close in the water oh poor guy
Hey
Oh
you
Oh
chin down
nobody knows
I'll be on my way
and I
that is so cool that's the closest I've
ever been to a turtle that Bank huge we
just swam with a friggin turtle we got
so close it was huge
cuz I know one you care
yeah
we shocked out here too so we're gonna
try and get them out of the casing
yes
you
see start it's called a pin cushion see
start here's a hole if you want knuckle
blade or anything I feel sitting here
cushiony yeah yeah where they get
all right guys we're all done with the
water I'll just sit in on the boat
relaxing we're headed back into town you
want to what oh you want to take that
off you got to have that on buddy Ali
did you see lots of fishies what else
did you see you really wanted to see an
octopus we did not see an octopus how
that's other cool stuff what did you
want to see only say it again say
overtime awesome
there you go good job buddy we're all
just relaxing on the boat heading into
town was really fun trip though I love
doing little boat trips like this out
into the ocean to check out the fish and
that was seriously by far the biggest
turtle that we've ever swam with I'm
glad you didn't get to see it okay all
right you guys the kids are in bed and I
gotta say is so easy to put the kids to
sleep in Hawaii I think they're so tired
from running around and having so much
fun and set up all that energy in the
water Ollie goes down so easily he
sleeps through the night Finn is
sleeping through the night it's been
really quite refreshing but I'm so
exhausted we're going to end the vlog
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
hope you're having a blast watching all
about Hawaii vlogs I want to make it
kind of feel like you guys are
experiencing it as well so I'm trying to
film things you know with that mindset
so I hope it's working and I hope you
guys are enjoying it if you are enjoying
them please be sure to give them a
thumbs up
go watch all the other ones that we
posted thanks for watching subscribe
leave a comment go check out those links
and we'll see you manana bye I didn't
I was just a lonely boy always skipping
classes oh we came from different worlds
it's in it slow down who knew who knew I
remember loving like fire
and peptides
