he's like yes I will take this this is
mine
that's so cool well that's a those are
actually dead dinos alright guys here's
some behind the scenes of Maddy Maddy
face like I the scenes of Maddy
she's over here like yeah there's
Maddy's vlog if you guys want to see
some other fun playing you guys go check
out her channel I bet they're spiders in
there yeah this we said alright Malachi
you're up to get it you got put your
hand in the spiders
yeah the squirt gun is in the abyss now
yeah I'm gonna put my hand on there bugs
do you want to get the score down with
you didn't get half the bugs get you
know he's like oh that's all I know on
that one I don't want to do that it's a
it's a it's a it's a girl's oh I know
yucky icky icky icky spider webs all
over me always see best mama word right
do the kitty he loves coming out here
looking for kitties there's no kitties
out here but wouldn't come out here we
go yeah did you hear that
where's the kitty Mew
he's over there yeah did you hear that
where is he over there good so now you
know what to do just just like yeah did
you hear it where is it I don't know
either
guess what there's stormtroopers behind
you look look at some troopers do you
see him
they want us to use the Force to open
the door you want to you want to see
data use the Force watch this
duh duh duh duh duh duh
Missy did you see my sweet Jedi skills I
did I just used the force to open doors
and you got through the stormtroopers
yeah so pretty much a Jedi no Holly's
got some chocolate milk is they yummy
yeah you want to sit over here did you
want to sit there next to me what okay
right here okay
that good oh he's gonna look at what
everyone by bought today Holly what's on
your cup Oh
see right there yeah what is that
milk and mac and cheese oh I guess
there's mega cheese huh you silly you
always give me the answer at least
expected mama Galilee yeah mom I got
some hot chocolate
oMG what is this green thing get it
fairly a green smoothie yeah Cheers
here cheers Cheers Olli to family say to
family to family
Missy got hot chocolate has something
green apparently Starbucks has green
smoothies now I'm gonna try it that's
celery in it maybe a little birdie 31
what you know try it no it's good and
it's good and yucky no you tell me try
it then you want to try my green
smoothie didn't even know how a straw
works no no he's really not amused no
today has been kind of a crazy day and
we have a ton of things that we need to
get at Target because we were gone for
so long we still haven't been to the
grocery store honestly so we're target
getting a bunch of essentials boring
stuff so I always loved using honest but
it literally burns his eyes oh yeah to
get like a kind that's like tears tear
free yeah this is always wondering
perfectly gentle oh it's there sweet
orange vanilla kind - I just wondered
cool top it's different huh different
bottles change them all I wonder if
he'll burn his eyes fins like this is
all very riveting and Ollie found
himself more light saber tooth brushes
huh this one is actually a kylo Ren one
look at that dinos
we have stumbled into bedding that has
dinosaurs on it and look at this pillow
it says ah ah and look at the back Holly
oh my gosh didn't even see that that's
so cool he's like yes I will take this
this is mine that's so cool
well that's a those are actually dead
dinos spinach you see those are dead
dinos also check out Finn's sweet new
setup DVD look at all these little toys
you can play with like ok so this is the
Bumbo attachment we thought we bought a
Bumbo but apparently got a knockoff
version have a Bumbo but it fits in my
shower often cuz i just yeah doesn't
have like the table like this it's kind
of cool I like it
he's like brother carefully I'm
hopefully you guys playing together
show him the elephant Olli as elephant
worked it clicks whoo that's kind of
cool I can hear you loves it
they're like playing together oh that's
really it's very interested in it as
well hey Molly show him the book shelf
in the book area whoa the pages go up
here he's like really interested in it
Oh like super interesting he like really
likes it he can't bring me take the
little toy what this thing works yeah it
sticks to it even though it's the cheap
knockoff clicks ah if only this could
actually keep him busy like while I'm
doing the dishes or something that'd be
so nice yeah well maybe it well yeah
it's so cute how like when all I got
something he's like oh I want to try
that too yeah I'll let take you you want
to try - yeah oh now he wants the oh he
wants you to hold in pretty sweet huh
yeah
all right Olli Mama's gonna hold Finn
you get in now you are definitely way
too big for that but okay sure you go it
there you go now you can do that one
with of the dishes okay oh whoa Shinzon
you can just press it on you like the
elephant the best know if it's pretty
cool huh this is henna me
we thank you boy please dad that your
new friend put that Louise dad Oh am I
better my better than that little boy ah
what are you doing up there monkey oh
yes
the oh my god what is that sir
you're right sir
oh no zeg he says everything I don't
know Finn is just called around and I
have to keep an extra eye on him because
a huge difference between all and Finn
is how sensitive they are so oli he
often would like I wouldn't even say he
often got hurt but if he did get hurt he
never cried like ever
finn is like the most sensitive baby
ever if he just likes even like falls
forward a little and like hits is like
Chan or something he cries like you
would never believe all he's more of a
rough-and-tumble kind of boy huh engine
let's jump to that guy you like to shoot
the gun yeah change it oh I think you
bit this too much cuz I can't really do
it then where are you going alright I
like what books did we pick out tonight
ah add this book up this book is all
about poopoo huh
I forgot I picked this out a long time
ago and I think we've read it a couple
of times but I kind of forgot about it
and now that we've been trying to go
poopoo in the potty
we should probably read this book call
all about book club am i yeah bye oh he
is riding the bike that's so nice he's
always like a monkey and make you food
oh ho she is mama that's like a mama
making food for the baby huh yeah - and
that that that's a dead guy right mama
dada dada i did it yes you're so smart
I did want to say I totally first tell
you guys wall um Ali was with my mom
yesterday he went poopoo on the potty
remember that yep he went poopoo on the
potty it's getting we're getting there
we're working on it huh yeah alright
guys we are now settling in getting
ready to go tonight now you ready go
seat yep
all right yep we're gonna read the pupu
book okay lay down can you say hope you
guys enjoyed the vlog stay with you
tomorrow day give me a thumbs up
painting Jimmy sector day we'll see you
tomorrow you might be scared okay
my dogs in new he's come
all right j√∂rgen grudges
you can run
they say
