sorry I ran over her but sorry
good morning how are you today Olli oh
oh I see yeah Danny you'll see your
donkey yeah okay let's go see your
doggie come on let's go
no come on bingo all right you want a
job okay one two ah donkeys outside can
you let him in say doggy come in hi
karma good morning come on take a
morning my name good morning mmm and
good morning little Finny
that is like a weird suction thingy yeah
how are you this morning Finn look at
him wearing pants oh my gosh can we not
can we not put him in pants babe
probably an earthing Austin so that's
not cool you can't wear pants that makes
you look older let me keep clicking
holder me Finny look who I have it's a
dinosaur you want to play with the
dinosaur like ollie yes I know but Finn
is gonna play with it right now okay
after my diet I think this might be keys
over in your room you should look at max
so I got a bunch of new shorts and I
really love this kind they're by a
bullhead you can actually get them at
PacSun the really interesting thing
about bullhead is I have back pockets
just like normal shorts but they come
completely sewed together inside look at
this
the pocket it's a complete functional
pocket but they come so together it's
like they forgot to unset like when they
give it to me so now I have to like dig
my hand into this pocket and basically
like tear the seam so I have a little
knife this is what I've been doing with
all of them so I just open it like this
basically get the knife in there cut
these seams probably easier with a seam
ripper but I don't really have one of
those at the moment there we go the
pocket is coming to life tada normal
pocket so weird so I've been trying to
clean up since we got home which is just
been so difficult as we've been so busy
but I got finally this area clean oh I
got this boy clean finally got that
laundry put away Mangia Mangia Mangia
all the time my seat stinks like I swear
something must be rotting in here so I
like dumped a ton of baking soda and
bleach down there usually I do baking
soda and vinegar and I like bubbles and
fizzes and I think it's supposed to make
it clean by actually ran out of vinegar
so I decided yeah I'm just gonna throw
some bleach down there cuz it stinks and
then what I like to do is actually like
to cut up like lemons and then just
throw them into the garbage disposal and
chop them all up and not only does it
make it like smell really good but I
think the acidic is supposed to help
also kind of like clean it up and I
don't know I've heard stuff about lemons
so I just heard some lemons um
Oh
I'm sure your posture Haley I want a
lifesaver
yes yeah I was just watching the making
of the new straw board and they use
lifesavers just like this yeah I like
light up and they like light up on the
after skin like change Marcy did you see
that yep it's like let's battle
dad oh ah a mustard and a light saber
ah you've got him okay now you gotta get
my kiss and say it's okay Dada it's just
still going for it huh what's it got
wine this is out Olli where's his shoes
show me show me how you walk with your
shoes that's my shoes work dude they
don't go on your hands silly they go on
your feet
all right oli what do you want to bring
down Mimi and Papa's big day yes
the big dinosaur here you go you're
welcome
all right you're gonna go with Mimi and
Papa all right Saturday I hate kids I
can't give up my kiss yeah I love you
see you later
you're like please I was gonna help you
go all right so we had dropped off oli
and we're now headed to the mall we
actually went to a different mall
because we're looking at a few stores
that we don't have in our area so it's a
little bit more of a drive so you got
thin though he is asleep he's been doing
great in the car the past couple times
but honestly the last like couple days
he just gets in I'm like okay then and
then he goes to sleep and he's been
doing really awesome so I'm super proud
of him but we've got the whole game
we're actually hanging out with Sly Fox
and Johnson fam
we're going to the mall we're gonna get
some stores that we've never been to
before fun stuff we are really excited
so just check it out
yeah we're excited just hang out with
everyone and do a little shopping look
at all these cool stores you guys have
Crate and Barrel which we love Pottery
Barn which we love Restoration Hardware
which we've never been West down lots of
cool things and we're hanging out with
the Sly Fox fam Andrew is actually a
diabetic if you guys didn't know and
he's doing a day in the life of a
diabetic over on his channel so go check
them out I'll have a link down below so
you can sort of see what he has to do it
and it is so interesting like I'm
fascinated with it I just feel bad for
you bro it's so much work it is a lot of
work but I'm also glad we're in the
future cuz like it this is like a
hundred years ago you probably be dead
oh yeah I did a long time ago like a lot
checking the syncing the phone
oh my gosh you're invisible babies are
so cute Natalia
oh look at the hair on that one you're
just an old lady she's just decrepit
what I've lived through hip sorry I read
over her but we're here with the whole
crew we've actually been to the small I
remember it because of the carousel and
the apple store we were on our way back
from somewhere and I stopped at that
Apple store and actually uploaded a vlog
the hotel Internet where we at was like
horrible but now we're actually going
into Ruby's and we're just going to grab
a little bite to eat before we head out
in floor look at these sweet rides they
hooked us up with guy and tau is like
the Queen at putting them together that
is so cool
yes I've always wanted this car you got
flames spit that is cool oh look at that
cute little family driving in the car
okay you guys we are about to walk into
Restoration Hardware I've always wanted
to visit I've always wanted to visit the
store because they have amazing things
the whole store just looks cool to look
it's like gray it's like a lazy couch
look how oh wow oh wow this is amazing
yeah look at this a big gigantic pool
this is literally the side pillow Missy
it's just a big pillow though they pop
though is that comfy or what
look what Missy and Hannah found oh wow
that is so cool
smooth ginormous look at all that ice
it's gonna be cold it's gonna be cold
it's not cold it's like fake ice so
we've just been walking around the mall
we had a lot of fun at restaurant
Restoration Hardware Pottery Barn
they got some cool stuff I can't wait
till I'm really cool so yeah I can't
wait till we're ready to like start
buying stuff now we're thinking we
actually haven't been to Starbucks today
have we I don't know we leave into
Starbucks all right no I don't think we
have no live in Starbucks no we've not
been decided what does she say cause you
definitely definitely have already no we
did not go to Starbucks so we are gonna
need some Starbucks sometimes you just
gotta go for the chocolate cake pop yo
and look at you setting a good example
eating fruit you got some cantaloupe
there look he took it all out of the cup
and it's like organizing it ha ha
Missy's cup says Jesse aka Missy why
does it say that so whenever I tell
people my name is Missy they always
interpret it at different ways misty
Mickey Mickey someone actually the other
day
miss see ya Missy that was funny this is
a new one Jessie I was like no it's miss
H like okay okay miss buddy now we are
headed across this bridge we're actually
over the street right now going from
this side of the mall to the other side
of the mall towards Pottery Barn Kids
because we've been wanting to do a
couple of new things with Ali's playroom
head over there while we're here and get
a couple of cool ideas Pottery Barn Kids
yo Caspian found his calling this cool
should we get one of these yeah you can
play trains and cars and stuff that's
cool
get the little shark thing so much cool
stuff oh my gosh I used to have I used
to have a rug Missy at my cousin's and
it was like a street and you could take
cars and like drive around on it those
ones are like even isn't it like Palmer
you know oh yeah this is like an actual
real rug you know look at this full Star
Wars little boy's room this is so cool
Sean is a lucky kid whoo that Death Star
portrait so it's so funny how Star Wars
is everywhere now and look at the sign
oh I'm in love with this this is so cool
oh that's neat
do you think Holly would like that no he
would like it if it was a bb-8 one oh
look at my cool little dude I know can I
call him for me
yeah you are looking lana missy i feel
like when you put sunglasses on oli he
ripped him off even at this age he was
ripping them off the other day oh really
he's got this place oh the toys distract
him that is the key to parent in you
guys distraction we just got home and
look who's asleep he is sacked out on
dad
forget my little stormtrooper he's got a
little stormtroopers are all over him
that's adorable
anyway we had such a fun day hanging out
with a Sly Fox fam and the Johnson fam
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video if you enjoyed it sure to
give a thumbs up and subscribe we become
I check out those in stem below
description and we will see ya and yeah
I'll just pretend all these doing the by
booth okay bye
you might be scared okay
you'll like it hurt
you can watch
back together
ah you can run
never change
right
