are you guys ready to look for some
Easter eggs I've been told by Caspian
that there are teams say good morning oh
don't even be a faker you are wide awake
you silly well now that we are all wide
awake and it is a good morning we are
really excited for day today because it
is going to be a ton of fun we're gonna
be going over to Mimi and Papa's and we
are going to celebrate Easter a little
bit early he's really excited go get his
dinos because he left them there
yesterday weird have not fun are you
excited yeah I'm excited
guess what we're gonna do Olly I'm Patsy
tattoo you really want to talk to your
isn't that sad to know that we're gonna
take a little nap and then when you wake
up we're gonna play jungle play yeah
who'd you wanna play with um pink
cupcakes pain Caspian and live and
Jayden yeah yeah alright let's go take a
nap and then we can go have fun okay
alright I just got all a down for a nap
in my mom's room which is nice and once
the kids get here it's gonna get crazy
my parents have put together a huge
Easter
crazy egg surprise stuff for all the
kids and we're really excited you see
all those Easter eggs it's a lot johnson
Pham and Sly Fox family are all going to
be out of town with a steering Easter
and so they're not going to actually get
to see their kids during Easter and we
won't see maybe in Papa during Easter so
we thought this would be a great time
for us just like do sort of a small
Easter not really church obviously it's
just like the Easter egg part just to
kind of hang out with the kids and
because we're not going to see them
really well I'll have my kids on Easter
gonna be kind of a fun little Easter
thing for the kids and us and it's gonna
be a fun check out all of these Easter
eggs my parents went all out crazy look
at these big ol Easter eggs this is
gonna be so much fun and the cool thing
is that my parents basically packed
almost all of them with toys there's not
going to be a ton of candy just because
kids can be really crazy with candy and
their teeth and all that so we try to do
as many like little toys as possible so
now comes the fun part for us we get to
hide them all I don't know
holy guacamole from the Southern Isles
of California it is hot out here this is
very odd we didn't put chocolate in
these because although he's making milk
yeah hey guys so I just got here to Mimi
and Papa's and as Missy told you we are
doing kind of kind of an early Easter
egg hunt so everyone is planting all the
eggs now around the yard oh my gosh look
at this one that's a big one
that one's a girl one Ollie has a big
one like that uh-huh
oh cool that's so cool for Mimi and Papa
to host something like this the kids are
gonna have an absolute blast they've
gotten pretty creative with where
they're hiding things too
you
I heard a little baby over here David Oh
Oh Gary good morning there it goes
Oliver James is there is Ollie in here
where's Lily
where you go Ollie where are you are you
guys ready to look for some Easter eggs
I've been told by Caspian that there are
teams that's your buddy so you guys
aren't teams right and then the girls
are on a team whoever finds the most
eggs wins okay you got big eggs you got
little eggs you got to search high and
wide okay okay ready one two three
get up
all he's doing so good you got so many
eggs huh yeah here two eggs he's only
got two a
that dad got really late about today yes
yes I think we all I think we all hit
him there we didn't know I didn't know
wow you still mate
Jaden's got bent leg all he's got a big
ol egg you guys on open up whoa
oh cool
what'd you get do it really hard on the
ground ollie ready do it together
good hold on ready anyone you got
strawberry one what you get only what
you get what is it you got the chocolate
egg and what's inside what's inside hey
Holly here's the toy that was inside oh
you got Dino - here you go buddy
what'd you get what'd you get what'd you
get Darth Vader let me see oh cool your
big egg thank you big egg that's a
special one you can do it open it oh
what's up
that's awesome you got a little bb-8 to
go with your duck Vader open up all
those eggs that's it when it oh that's
candy let's just put that in there we'll
eat that later okay little shopkins okay
you gonna open fader
you
all right I think that's a wrap on the
Easter egg hunt all you guys did so good
they annihilated this backyard with
Easter you guys they had so much fun I'm
so glad that we were able to get all the
kids together do this because like we
said we're all going to be out of town
on Easter this year which is kind of a
bummer so but not they're able to come
all together if you guys aren't
subscribed to the Johnson family Fox fam
go check them out links down below in
the description and on the screen go
subscribe to them because they're
awesome and they're our friends and all
the kids our friends and they make big
messes together
hey Andrew hey hey sweet sweet shorts
bro oh thanks dude
oh thanks I'm really nice sure Sam huh
dude you too you're just like really
good twice in shorts
thanks man day you know right very very
nice
all right you guys guess who had so much
fun today yes they are sleeping now on
the floor and um I may have adjusted up
Casper use arm so it looked like they
were cuddling so cute though oh he's too
guisard little baby buddies and I love
it anyway I think I'm gonna go ahead and
today's vlog but I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you did be sure to go to big
thumbs up subscribe and leave a comment
out all those links down below in the
description and we will see I mean Jana
say bye just keep walking with one foot
in front
the journey may seem rough the world is
yours if you believe you're now
raise your
take a deep breath
the job
you might be scared and that's okay
