any what's wrong with Mama take good
morning they were at the doctor's why we
at the doctor's all II know you don't
know yeah are we taking Finn to the
doctor yeah yeah ain't it send a doctor
okay are you reading a book yeah yeah
what are these this book about Oh daddy
the what yeah sharks Oh fun that's right
we are at the doctor's I spent a lot of
time last night awake because a you mr.
Finn Finn had a really well he it was a
low fever for quite a while so I figure
maybe it's just teething but um then he
woke up and it was a much higher I was
like one of three which is I don't trust
my thermometer always gives me a
different temperature every time I do it
so it was 103 and it was 102 and then I
waited outside I was like 99 so I don't
know I was like you know let's just go
the doctor I don't think they're 100%
right now and all he woke up in his eyes
were like sealed shut so I was like yeah
may as well just take him with me
- and we got Papa here he's holding Finn
right now he's helping and we're gonna
go do some errands after so hopefully
you're not too sick - does not have an
ear infection
he sounds good she's pretty sure that he
has acid reflux or silent
which I was pretty sure he had we were
on our trip I was like he was acting it
very strange though pretty sure that we
got a prescription hopefully we start
feeling better soon
Holly where we headed hey ride you're
crazy no Disneyland and I have a hair
appointment just sat down with hers so
we've been kind of hanging out all day
and switching it up now I'm going things
like a Brazilian Blowout where they
basically relax my hair is so frizzy I
literally can't even do it just like so
so frizzy so I'm coming here so please
like comment down a little bit and it
will be so hard to do oh my god Wow nice
walking can you walk - popping out cake
walk slowly slowly slowly he doesn't
know what slowly me as well so you don't
really bring a child to us so on
oh my goodness
so much energy well we are done with my
hair and he did so good he was actually
gonna go with my mom but he was doing
really super fussy and he did not want
to take that drive home so I ended up
just saying hey I could take him and he
slept like my whole entire appointment
which my hair is so straight after I
wash it it probably won't be as straight
it's just like this cuz I just got it
done hopefully we just like took all the
frizz out of my hair and it won't be as
hard to do now we have to head home
which means you have to dry you had to
get in your car seat with the drive yes
I cannot drive with you like this so I
end up taking my mom's car because she
took my car to take Ollie and Scott no
Gaza I'm like hopefully I make it to the
gas station I'm almost there but it's
said I had 20 miles and I was like okay
I should be good it now says zero and I
only went like three miles but for some
reason it said it completely was done
well I made it to a gas station but I
have just been so scatterbrained
today I don't know what's wrong with me
but I left my wallet also in the other
car so I do not have any way to even get
gas but luckily my parents were actually
meeting me all the way in the next place
that we're going so they're gonna stop
here first give me your wallet I'm gonna
fill up the tank just for you mom
because I love you and then we're gonna
go but actually this is kind of nice
because I've been running all day I'm so
tired and Cyn is actually sleeping in
his car seat I should probably be a
little quieter but that is so nice our
murse with chilly air for the next like
probably like five or ten minutes get a
little nap in navy and then we're off
oli whose birthday is it I know big
15-year up girl
happy birthday to you I don't know happy
with easy it's uncle's birthday yeah
we're all together and we are picking
out a card for him okay yes okay Ollie
this was as for you uncle just a simple
card to say happy birthday no jokes no
tricks that's it
that's what wait oh well maybe just one
do you like this one who's that
let's kylo Ren yeah that comes out
tomorrow we can watch it together
Missy I want to get your brother this
card annoying should uncle be what is
this Oh looky missy that's two bucks to
vodka
professor see uncle be Chewbacca I need
to be a stormtrooper
we're the cutest stormtrooper ever did
mater's say we're gonna get this for
uncle and then you guys can play
together okay we found the star war
section we're gonna be that huh there
you go look at that now you're a
stormtrooper strong troopers have guns
Mimi is giving ollie a little lesson
okay Holly where's the star
where's the triangle yes oh wow the
square
juice your kid he is a genius where is
the crazy person yes crazy person the
crazy person where's the butterfly
where's the dog triangle I know Holly
say happy birthday uncle
he's trying to get in our drink and I
will sweat in the water oh that was so
close
Jim do you remember the tank dam like
where you have to line up your tank to
shoot the other tank that's what this
kind of reminds me of do you remember
that game Jimmy yeah yeah I lost you
whoo happy birthday dear uncle happy
birthday to you all I say happy birthday
all right uncle this one's from oli oh
yeah
Chewbacca I'm pretty sure it makes
noises to say connect with us on that it
the coolest thing ever
you love it yeah he's going to talk to
you it's uncle it's okay see it's uncle
good job you guys freaked him out it's
just the best like you have on the best
no that's different
my face isn't like it's funny
penny what's wrong with mama
she does the head turn so good
to tell the difference spin all right
you guys we just got back what we had a
great dinner with uncle all he is so
tired aren't you buddy but anyway I'm
gonna go and end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did be sure to
give it a thumbs up and subscribe leave
a comment check out all those linked
down below in the description and we
will see you guys manana Ally say bye
you might be sick
you can put yourself back
they say
they'll never change
like
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other the journey may seem rough
the world is yours if you believe you're
not
