all right we got this amazing looking
pizza and all all he wants is a carrot
stick say what's up doc good morning
guys is good to be home what Olie wait
what do you say good morning it is so
nice to be home I have been kind of
being busy that I've actually unpacked
all of these last night so I put all of
our dirty clothes in the washer and then
I have all our clean clothes here that I
gotta fold I wonder when that's gonna
happen huh
and she fall down yep he loves the
entity short girl problems cuz auntie
fell down and is the funniest thing ever
this game is napping what happened you
just woke up did I wake you
was I too loud oh my goodness you guys
uh yeah I'm just finishing getting ready
for the day I gotta do my hair and then
we are probably gonna head over and play
it Mimi and Papa's cuz he really misses
his Park ha she would go play it Mimi
and Papa's yeah yeah okay let's get
ready and go okay okay good California
dang it feels so good to be home you
guys were gone for 12 days oh definitely
the busiest we've ever been you know
missing I have had talks about our
schedule and how we're waiting for it to
slow down and it's really not we're
going strong we're just we're doing what
we can it feels so good to be home oh my
gosh
I hit my bed last night and I sank into
it like like a cloud
I was like this is like a nice cool
fluffy cloud and it was oh it's just so
good yeah look at these blue skies
another beautiful day in sunny Southern
California I can't believe in the time
that we were in Utah it rains snowed
hailed and was sunny that's crazy to me
we got we got into the airport and the
air just felt so good just felt so good
to be it's just that feeling of being
home you know after you've been gone for
so long it just it's such an awesome
feeling but anyway how are you guys
what's up what's new let me know in the
comments today I have so much to do
Jeffery came over we kind of made a list
of things that we got to go do so I'm
actually going to the bank have lots of
important things to do
they're boring adult things errands and
stuff of that nature yeah hey Ollie
would you catch today with Papa a
grasshopper
so Papa went down and got him this
little net from the dollar store and all
I went out there and actually caught
those right yeah the big one we snuck up
on anything comes yes the big one was
just like sitting on the ground and all
I just like captured him and then what'd
you do did you drill holes in it so he
could breathe yeah yeah that fun yeah
you like hanging out with Papa huh yeah
Papa's even wearing his bye Boop shirt
the back says Boop but I was just
hanging out and have some fun always
been playing and been taking a little
nap yay me and Brian are finally back
together we were broken up all day we
broke up for the day
just kidding I forgive you we're just
kidding we've both been doing a lot of
errands but we're back together
and we are actually starving I have not
I don't think I've drink it drink it
like any water today I am so thirsty
fikret actually grab some food because
we're a little ways from home and we're
hungry so we're gonna grab some food all
are you hungry yeah did you have fun
today did you play with Mimi and Papa
yeah
you can't you catch a bugs hit he loved
that he taught gossipers Missy had a
little accident today how many times
have you done this no I think we're like
on 4th or definitely yes
Missy was getting out of the car
shattered her phone completely I like a
cute little baby
um look at that all that is so bad babe
and you can feel it Oh
but you guys lucky cuz you fell with it
yeah but jammers still working open that
goes ollie
you wanna go play games what'd you find
dude he racecar hey let's move the seat
up a little bit alright go put the pedal
to the metal
save room room alright look at that one
whoa this one has stuffed animals in it
this one has candy in it what is this
yeah as a weird game huh Oh sing it it's
singing Ollie he set his cup right there
yeah I'll see if mama has quarters come
on alright we got this amazing looking
pizza and all all he wants is a carrot
stick hey what's up doc hey they get a
bad with your brother yeah
fitness taking his very first bath well
that was first bath but his first bath
sitting in the tub with his brother huh
yeah Mama's gotta hold on tight to him
because he does pretty good bodies don't
want him to like go under for a second
yeah fuzzy playing he's playing army man
with you that's pretty cool I usually
actually shower with him when I want to
give him a bath because I find bending
over the tub or like using one of those
little tubs it's just a pain in the butt
so um I usually just take a shower with
him but today I was like you know why
he's been sitting pretty good I bet if I
just hold on to him he can actually sit
pretty well in the bath he's doing a
pretty dang good job I'm just excited as
he gets older and bigger he'll actually
be able to sit in the tub and play with
Ollie it's I'm just so excited I just I
think they're just the cutest things and
they're gonna like be the best little
brothers and hang out and play together
and take baths together which I'm
looking forward to it was like okay so
I'm sitting here
mama wolf in right here okay and then he
like jumps on me and then feels like
like fit Molly you guys there
you're already vying for your mother's
attention ruff ruff ruff what's your
shirt say daddy's little sidekick
that's cute let's go sit down we're
gonna be good night dinosaur and good
night moon or no it's a good night good
night dinosaur close babe very close
the good dinosaur oh sorry I hit him in
head oh oh sorry oh oh sorry oh sorry
your head okay
outside pretty yeah yeah with that 105
with that I think that a dinosaur sir
you're right come on already
squat you never know I'm almost beat up
on you Quad Squad he makes a lot walking
down song
good night light and the red balloon
good night Bears
good night chairs good night kittens see
the kitchens went to the kids what do
kittens say good night and mittens
good night clocks and good night sucks
good night mush they said good night to
their opening goodnight stars
good night air good night noises
everywhere that's the last patient night
love you give me kiss mmm
night-night he's tired it's never did
you am i from Colin it's never too late
for a little joke on you turn okay close
your eyes he's gonna be out in no time
you say cake okay he's like okay it's
it's time for bed came up you gonna
sleep
oh hey what do you want to dream about
you dream want I know eggs yeah and
kittens yeah
and clouds swimmin okay - about all that
okay Wow come on you got that tail going
like crazy look at the music put me hold
me put me in karma karma knows how to
get comfy y'all look at this
alright guys that's all for today's vlog
I'm gonna go ahead and end it but if you
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe and leave a comment and
check out all those links because that's
what a cool person would do elect karma
do the by boob
oh boy
singing my favorite song oh you take my
head
instead let me take you to better days
on my life I wanted a love that felt so
strong like your mom and dad but never a
battle
