you yeah Jeffrey Jeffrey went with the
meatball sub so that's gonna be pretty
nice on the plane so thanks for that
good morning guys it is our last day in
Utah we've been in Utah for like 72
hours it has brains it has snow and now
it has a hail oh it was sunny - that's
right all the seasons yes Cassie and
Garrett are going to jump on the
trampoline which is now covered in hail
this is gonna be pretty funny hope
climbed up on Jeopardy
oh oh I'm gonna go do my bed jump oh
that is so cool
miss you remember when we were young and
used to do crazy things like that we're
gonna play cool cold and wet can you put
your arm around Jackson put your arm
around Jackson ah you buddies have had
so much fun hanging out with each other
huh Jackson is so cool playing with you
and tickling yeah thanks for all for
letting only play with all your trucks
oh we woke up this morning at like 6:00
a.m. and we thought it was Ollie who had
crawled into our bed and he was like
cuddling with us and he's like that yeah
yeah I was like all he does not talk
like that and it was Jackson it was
funny so thanks for the cuddles dude can
you move I got free rein
what's auntie doing he she played with a
ball Boxey blow yeah there's a lion
are you lying ollie no he's a backpack
right your bet oh you're gonna let so he
does he jumps on people's backs and then
says backpack yeah yeah yeah that Star
Wars backpack
where is he gonna be Ellie Jared thank
you so much for your amazing hospitality
mr. Singh fun and I know you guys are so
ready to be home yeah I brought points
teas
you guys are already to be home in your
own bed but what's really fun we like it
when you're in these beds here yeah
enjoy your company enjoy using yeah more
often we're gonna have to have you guys
over soon a lot of fun was that really I
get to sleep right next to this portrait
of Bonnie with ginormous hair thank you
guys we had a blast in Utah and today we
are headed home and in danger traveling
transition all right everybody the whole
squad got through security together that
was quite a feat but we did it and now
we are fueling up ultra carbo loves how
we do right the Salt Lake pizza and
pasta oh you want some drink he's gonna
hype them up oh maybe a little bit T
okay might be a little bit is that yummy
good luck these guys are the cool kids
they're too cool to sit with all of us
you must be cool kid too because we
saved you a seat oh thanks man my jacket
thanks bro see you yeah
Jeffrey Jeffrey went with the meatball
sub so that's gonna be pretty nice on
the plane so thanks for that
and I got cooked we're all sitting by
each other Vinny you ready to fly buddy
we're ready to fly always ready to fight
hey show me your wings whoa
you got wings that's so cool dude oh and
there's an arrow they gave you this
little card this is the plane we're on
it's called an airbus a320 i wonder
isn't that cool been living on minutes
like that nice
you're so annoying
your gosh it
Oh
I'm sorry are you guys being entertained
just wait boy it's coming on coming for
you when you disrespected Nana Nana Nana
Nana Nana Nana this is home home is
where the chocolate is we're home oli
say yay later Kay maybe after dinner he
wants the chocolate now Oh what are you
gonna do what are you gonna do he's
gonna battle you for it
Ali are you so excited to be back with
all your toys yeah yeah what you got
there
your Buzz gun I mean that's cool Andy
we're home he looks so cute he's so
grown up it feels like you know you take
take a trip like that and you come back
with a grown up little baby yep who can
crawl around who's seen the world you've
seen it all haven't you mmm how long
were we gone babe like 10 days 10 or 11
days nuts
oh my gosh twelve days guys that's the
longest huh that was a rough trip and we
have so much luggage I definitely hit my
right limit I loved every second of our
trip and it was really fun but there's
something about just wanting to be home
and then thinking like oh I soft get on
a plane and travel home I have to say a
big thank you to everyone here yeah
because we could not go back there like
seriously yes we have the best squad
Andrew Hanna Natalya Geoffrey Garrett
everyone helped and it was just so nice
but yeah we have all this luggage and we
have two new bags here because they
actually broke Missy's bag they cracked
it so you got two free bags babe you got
two for one
go go go kick kick go go go whoa he
might master the skateboard before the
bicycle oh now it's gonna get slick sit
on it ollie and move yourself push you
fingers up and go what do you think of
that cool
karma give Ollie kisses karma give Ollie
kisses give Ollie kisses awliyas very
excited ollie look who's here what the
hell it was it's uncle's birthday in
like a couple days he's a little early
you guys are preparing yeah Allie
where's papa
go see papa papa where you been huh you
don't know where one quale come here
friend here brother he's trying to get
to meet me right now how could you hear
that even an airplane gonna air it out
yeah like I did he get to meet me like
he's gonna skip army crawling and just
go straight to crawling all the way up
oh yeah doing come here here you are
busy thank you thank you thank you get
on off the plane regular Swiss coming
too
Oh
I deliver
Oh
does not
are you
that's where
you
