it could be hazardous so we're like what
Oh tumble you okay here okay the TV just
help good morning guys we're off for a
really fun day
always at Mimi's and Papas and then
we've got Finn with us right now we're
off to another video shoot this one is
different than the last one we did but
we have been quite busy these days with
all kinds of different video shoots and
photo shoots and all that good stuff but
I'm excited because we are actually
gonna be working with my other cousins
Casey and Rose rose was pregnant with me
at the same time and we both had our
babies just days apart it'll be really
fun to get the kids to just kind of hang
out and I believe they're both probably
in the shoot as well do anything are you
being a happy boy this morning
yeah I love your outfit Ashley wore this
outfit the other day for about
I'll say 30 minutes and then he
completely blew it out Oh guys we are
now here at Rose and Casey's home I
don't know if we've ever showed you
their house but they've got this really
great view after you come over here on
the patio it overlooks the lake so yeah
that's all Lake down there and then it
goes all the way around and it feels
amazing little Finny
and Olivia are sitting together which is
so cute because they're both sitting up
look at that I'm holding our hand
haha that's adorable last time they saw
each other they were kind of just like
balls of mush new babies now look at
them moving Hey
we are getting ready to start in the
kitchen how you feeling babe you ready
you're already tuckered you're ready for
lunch already aren't you
they took our lunch they took our lunch
Oda's then she's like okay so when's
lunch
- so this is my cousin rose and we're
really excited because we actually are
able to bring her into a fight and you
just remodeled your kitchen so it looks
amazing I'm proud to show thank God is
gonna be modeling in there or it was
done it was hope so there and just this
morning it was a design haha how does
perfect timing
yeah we both look good and nervous oh
it's so nosey see Rose you don't have to
be nervous she's nervous it was looking
like a thousand like how do I make this
sound more casual all right so here's my
cousin Rose and she has a five month old
baby girl like I was telling you guys
about earlier and we're gonna start in
the kitchen which sometimes come off
it's just like a really overwhelming
area because you've got tons of cabinets
tons of cupboards you've got a stove an
oven alright we are checking thank you
we are checking the outside monitors
Missy and Rose are looking good in the
kitchen
hey guys so as you guys know we have
ollie for the day Missy and Brian are
doing some filming today so I thought
how about we go and get oh hey buddy hey
so I thought why don't we go get some
frozen yogurt
ah are you excited for frozen yogurt
yeah hey woohoo we're gonna go get
frozen yogurt now
we're gonna get popper
Oh meme you tickling you with a poker
chip oh my gosh so many sprinkles in
candy that looks so good take a big bite
right Oh mom that looks so good I got so
much stuff I got blackberries candy
strawberries I got these little
weird-looking things that are really
good I'm really hungry
yummy the kids are taking a break
because they've been working so hard
today haven't you yeah I love her little
duck loves rose it's like she just
hasn't natural I'm like you're not in
the club Liv you don't need to have
those big lit hi hi Oh toppled over
there watching some Doc McStuffins
taking a little break they're so cute
together though in rows just wrapped up
on the kitchen and now we've got lunch
I'm gonna admit yeah yeah that's just
elephants they're like what do you want
for one house like I want Pepe they
basically grabbed all the Mexican food
you can get and I am pretty excited
about it
that's so cool I love that we have our
own jar of salsa
that's all um and it's in a mayonnaise
jar so that's kind of weird Russian he
loves this rug so fluffy it's like a big
fluffy dog do we need to get you
anything
yeah he's super happy I know just just
starting what the word already burning
leaky YouTube I swear all these toys
were sitting out in front of them and
then she went for like the girly wand
thing and he went for the ball you guys
are so cute
look come play with that this is here
where we going Hey we're going to
99-cent store and I told ollie that he
can get anything he wants you get one
thing okay one thing all right all right
ollie you could pick any sponge you want
all right do you want this sponge no all
right let this sponge know what if how
this sponge all right
oh maybe this one you want your bus
sponges all right I mean they are you
know UFO sponges there we go perfect
good choice good choice show them what
you got would you get you got a coconut
oh my goodness that's so cool
whoopsies
I got to see you open it oh well with
your poker chip all right you guys
we just wrapped a 10 hour shoot day yeah
that was mighty Academy oh and we're
here to get oli you're not oli
hey look at these days coming out to
open a coconut Jeep a life you got a
coconut
hey nice coconut use of the dollar store
and he get a coconut oh that's cool
nice shirt Jeep Olly Olly my mind are
you a no grabber and an octopus oh
that's so cool hi can I hug give me a
hard did you miss me did you miss me
yeah I love you what you do JEP fine let
me see your octopus again that is cool
it smells good in here you make him food
cup noodles oh yeah you're already
getting on that college life huh really
starting early let's see it what'd you
do what whoa that is full gym that's
primo coconut water right there
right a little white stone yeah
kasi did you eat there did you drink the
fresh coconut water in Cambodia you
didn't I'm never really done in Thor are
you serious
I don't even like coconut water but I
loved it in Cambodia I don't fresh
coconut same fresh coconut
how is it like dirty water water okay
let me try it because I really like the
kind in Cambodia and it might because it
was like 140 degrees yeah I think
anything's good in Cambodia yeah that
has a different flavor I feel you a
sweeter in Cambodia it was a it's fresh
coconut mmm mmm I think we top it she
doesn't even like
not covered in sugar if it was chocolate
coconut all right Ali you want to wear
doggies no okay
no I gotta find Dino pajamas geez Louise
I can't find any how about about robots
robots are cool okay I'll keep looking
what's on your shirt dinos yay
you ready for bed okay all right so I am
putting oli down for bed and I don't
think I've told you guys this but all
he's been having a little trouble
sleeping and we heard about this book
called the rabbit who wants to fall
asleep and apparently it's like written
scientifically to tell your brain to go
to sleep and it actually says not to
read the book out loud when you're like
driving or anything cuz it could be
hazardous so we were like what Oh
tumble you okay here okay the TV just
fell so I tried reading the book all he
wasn't all I could really couldn't pay
attention it was kind of interesting to
read it's a little bit difficult to read
so I've been finding a a video on
youtube of this woman reading the book
and it puts Olly to sleep every single
night I've been using it for like a week
now every single night called the rabbit
who wants to fall asleep let me know if
you guys have experience with it because
it's very very interesting all right
Olly help me on the vlog come here
alright we're gonna end the vlog say
thanks for watching rocky give a big
thumbs up I hate ya know cuz it comes up
you want to eat them yeah go wrong
alright can you give me a thumbs up
thumbs up and to subscribe leave a
comment check out all those links all
that good stuff
and we will see you guys manana can you
say manana
good job all right you know what to say
hey you said that like a dinosaur
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other the journey may seem rough
the world is gods if you believe you're
now
raise your hands
the job
you might be scared
Oh
