oh my goodness oh my goodness what
happened now show me show me show me
good morning you guys today I'm here
with the amazing Wally Wilson he's a
fantastic photographer in the San Diego
area
orell a little bit of bull yes so this
guy is so cool we set up a little studio
here we have lots of photos to take
ollie lookin all snazzy Cassy's already
fins alright look at you fin looking
snazzy hey dude Cassie needs photos for
her new channel I need some photos for
upcoming projects that I'm working on
and then the whole family we need to
take photos together for just like new
channel our promo stuff all that boring
stuff and so I want to bring in Wally
because he I worked with him on my shoot
for the like Alliance shoot actually we
did a lot of promo work and they turned
out amazing kinda just create like a big
ol or a little concert in here just have
some fun basically that's how we do it
did you
let's go
so carry on
it's all
oh this
and the stone
and that is a wrap on the photoshoot
this morning we had such a blast got
tons of stuff done Wally Wilson is an
amazing photographer and I know I knew
he was the one to call to do something
like this
we shot some really cool like moody
stuff that you guys probably won't see
for awhile but it was really fun too so
we wrapped that we're gonna go to lunch
and then Cassy miss you're gonna go film
a video he was adorable you are adorable
yes you were you just got a photo shoot
CD on commercial shoots you're just a
regular old child actor aren't you
aren't you all right we all load it up
into the car literally all of us Missy
even chose to sit in the back row are
you okay back there babe are you getting
a little break from the kids no but it's
just like it's kind of crazy I feel like
I'm on a roller coaster
dude are you driving a roller coaster
for us huh trying to drive my best miss
I'm sorry I'll slow down we all bothered
the car we're gonna go get some food I
see all these eyes they're getting very
heavy Holly are your eyes getting heavy
are you gonna fall asleep Cassie did you
slip him something I guess so
it rained a little bit this morning - so
we get to look at all this wonderful
plush green which we rarely see anymore
these days here in California
oMG Missy all this looks so good he's
freaking out whoa parkour oh oh oh
parkour Oh parkour
Oh parkour oh yeah you'll have to do
that for hours bro
on our way here then fell asleep in his
a brand new car see which is obviously a
plus use honey he's liking it more yeah
absolutely
um but I was able to do this for this
pretty cool check it out he's bestowed
on our booth
do food just came and it looks so good
Ollie what you got you got kinds of
bread and carrot stick you like carrots
huh yeah Cheers
being so dramatic with it look at that
face do you see the space Missy here
I'll put the screen up so you can see
okay it's so nice and they believe my
whole life without someone jumping on me
here you want to see we are up in our
filming room I not film very much you
guys but Cassie is trying to get me back
on board we just got done filming a
video for her channel it's called the
most likely to challenge yes um so she
says that'll be up on Friday he's pretty
excited I was kinda it was a super cute
little video and now we're gonna do a
video on my channel and I've been trying
to figure out what I want to do I just
wanted to a fun video we're headed down
there right now she didn't know his
banana tone whoa hi how's it coming then
yeah every done house is okay please me
help you always need to be hug huh just
knows Alden yeah so as you guys know
Cassie just got back from almost a
two-week trip in Cambodia where she was
able to experience water of life get to
meet the kids in the orphanages kind of
see you know what they're doing out
there all the good they're doing out
there she brought back this clip and
it's one of the most amazing things ever
the kids at water of life singing my
song hope rising it really touched me
because I was just so blown away by
their reaction to the song they really
love the song and actually that song was
written shortly after I got back from
Cambodia my first trip you know a little
over a year ago the trip was what
definitely inspired the song I'm gonna
put a little bit of that clip right here
so you guys can see too
ah
and don't
all right
Oh
Oh
it's not amazing you guys I was
seriously so blown away I could not
believe it so stinking cool oh my
goodness oh my goodness what happened Oh
show me show me show me show me show me
oh my gosh what did you do Ollie couple
water in the toilet
oh yeah Hollywood what did you do did
you go you went peepee on the potty
yes that's peepee water
yup we've been telling you for months
now if you go peepee on the potty we'll
give you a sucker let's do the potty
dance are you ready mmm do the potty
dance don't do the potty dance so Daddy
so yeah you do the potty dance ooh do
the potty dance oh do the potty dance oh
do the potty dance Olly I'm so flapping
proud of you Oh oh yeah you did it you
did it did you do it for legi yeah you
went people on the potty
oh I'm so proud of you dude you want to
show me again okay show me your peepee
water peepee water in the toilet huh
there's peepee water in that toilet
that's amazing he told me is like I go
poopoo I have a boo-boo so I take his
diaper off and it's just like a smear on
now like oh you might actually have to
go clue cuz it was probably yeah
toilet but he is just like just not
sitting still I'm getting like really
tired of it no I find it comes out here
and I leave him into the in the bathroom
to go potty and he's just in there like
just messing around I told you one more
minute and then we're going to end it's
so happy that he did good he then I'm
watching him he's kind of over there
like messing with stuff and then he sets
it down here so like a few minutes and
he goes mama warning water
what you did yeah yeah I was like yo
daddy runs upstairs you did it and I
like get him that sucker man I was like
he's been talking about this sucker
guess not Ollie queer any any time you
go poopoo on the potty we'll give you a
sucker okay it's like that time I
figured it out almost like the LA baby
yeah baby oh yeah maybe and maybe now
I'm like oh that's what you want me to
dance oh you I mean we want you to go
peepee we want you to put your pee pee
water in the potty okay so stinking pool
Ollie's okay nice I think that's a
pretty good way to end today's vlog was
it amazing a cheese
meant by this little boy he's so happy
I'm so proud of them I think it's just
awesome I love seeing him grow and do
things like this get them they're having
a celebratory run around the kitchen but
anyway I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe leave a comment and
we will seem in your hand AHA receive
antenna box say buddy boy just keep
walking with one foot in front of the
other the journey may seem rough the
world is Gaza
joy
take a deep breath
and makes the job
you might be scared
