that moment when you clean out the
fridge and you throw away everything
that's expired empty moldy yeah I think
it's safe to say that it's time to go
grocery shopping all you want to go
grocery shopping yeah
I love you I'm a king you got some candy
yes you did cuz you better good boy all
day huh these are the Christmas tree
Reese's I gave him one and he has to
give me half you gotta give me half okay
ooh that does not look like a Christmas
tree at all heavily I'm so glad holy
crap that's a lot of ones in twos one
two one two one two two that's our
current Oh current sub count right now
grocery shopping with the bay and the
bay bay
hoooly we're gonna get you some
chocolate milk okay Missy he calls that
kind the good chocolate milk yeah it's
awesome because they have lots of good
stuff in it so I got a box of those you
can eat - no all right we had no
groceries so we are filling up the cart
with food and essentials because it was
way past our time and what are you
drinking you stood in line for 25
minutes at Starbucks huh long is it
worth it and they spell your name right
yep that's always a plus huh look they
have Bonnie cookies
they're shaped like bunnies aren't those
cool bunny cookies we can get them and
then we can decorate them Oh
bb-8 oh my goodness it's a bb-8
marshmallow pop look at all these
bunnies Missy gonna hold bb-8 all right
you hold VP a way to go Devon chocolate
no not solid Oh cannot use solid
chocolates got to be hollow hollow dark
chocolate
I had a hollow dove oh yeah
I'm actually really bummed because we
are going to be out of town on Easter
just kind of a bummer uh yeah that's a
sucker you really wants that so we
actually may end up celebrating Easter a
little bit earlier Oh Missy these are
the best sweet tart jelly beans Reese's
eggs
Oh YUM I love Easter candy he starts the
best candy jelly beans we'll get those
okay yeah we definitely need some of
these chocolate toy treasures uh yeah
get some of those we those are choco
treasures yeah oh yeah get a bunch of
those hey this is actually really cool
you guys they do not normally do
chocolates that have toys in them in the
United States I usually have when I get
them for all you have to order them
online but it seems like this year
they're everywhere so we have minion
ones we have frozen ones and we have
Marvel once all he's gonna love opening
those Finn has found all his gun and
he's pretty excited because he never
gets a chance to play with all his gun
huh he's read it crawling out
he totally can shoot it to what he's
like so exact shoot it again do it again
oh it's like all he does something to
make this thing light up
we were just sitting down here while
Ollie takes a nap he actually is taken
up in our room which is good I've been
finding that he's having a lot easier
time sleeping anywhere but his bed yep
which I don't know what that means but
maybe time for a little change maybe his
room maybe like just getting a different
blanket or something yeah I think when
he was sick in his room it was just like
a little bit traumatizing and so he's
having a hard time like relaxing in his
bedroom but um
or maybe he also just thinks of his
bedroom is like almost like a punishment
because he has to go to bed and our
rooms like relaxing comfortable I don't
know but yeah I'll Finn slept the entire
time at the grocery store so he's wide
awake so we're just hanging out with him
and he's playing and we're just on the
couch Brian's going through his shoes
and fixing his laces shoes and look
who's awake
it's ollie how was your nap good you
slept in mama and daddy's bed yeah was
it super comfy good cut it yeah yeah egg
oh he wants to open a minyan egg yeah I
think we may be able to arrange that
okay I'm really interested to see what's
in these it's a little easter egg early
early easter egg surprise okay okay okay
well you open it yes hmm
okay okay explain what you're doing say
you're taking off the wrapper whoa whoa
box
oh boo this one's cool huh oh there you
go you did it mmm how do you open that
part shake it
anything in there no I was getting so
good at opening these that honestly do
you twist turn yeah open you got pull
the blue part we pull it apart I'll pull
it apart see whoa
would you get would you get what is it
what is it
yeah something yeah oh I think it's
stickers minion stickers that's so cool
my yeah your stickers there you go
Oh Giggy
you can either chocolate this chocolate
is actually a lot better because it
hasn't been like in a postage for like
two weeks yeah good and it is actually
really good yeah interesting for the the
choco treasure sometimes you get
stickers puzzles little toys this one
came with stickers all right Ally
I got a minion sticker where do you want
me to put it right there okay boom now
look you know I both got minion stickers
and yes while we're at Target we got
sweet tart jelly beans which are the
best honestly I don't know if you've
tried a sweet tart jelly bean but they
put other jelly beans to absolute shame
all right I'm going to bring one to Ally
you want a jelly bean mama getting you
all ready for church how is that while
we were out with Andrew and Hannah they
had to get caffeine a new pair of shoes
and so we ended up getting all the new
pair of shoes - these are genius they
zip on the back so you just unzip them
slip them on and they're comfy huh yeah
he actually really likes them they thing
good those are size 7 babe you believe
he's a size 7 look at look how easy that
is
OMG we have been struggling with toddler
shoes for the longest time it's
ridiculous all right turn around show me
your outfit of the night we're gonna go
out to church some fun I'm gonna meet
all our friends there all right in your
turn all right looks good like what are
you doing mom
also yesterday when we were hanging out
with Jaden and Caspian they gave us this
dinosaur that poops jelly beans so you
put done you put
well yeah they didn't give it to us all
I kind of took it because that's what
happens with Caspian stories again catch
me and I'm very sorry you're electric
Oh Paul yep so we're gonna pause right
you ready to see the dinosaur poop he
pooped
eat it eat that one Oh another one
eat it one more oh I want that one now I
stole it hope he's still got some poop
in him ready proud of himself
we're both eating dinosaur poop good
that's pretty cool huh I would eat
dinosaur poop all day and that's what it
tastes like yeah yeah me too
everything is awesome can you say
everything is awesome no everything is
not very awesome right now we just got
to church and it starts in 10 minutes
and then had a complete blowout puli the
worst we've ever seen like that
I haven't even that's crazy
in his hands and is just everything dude
what happened nasty we're getting
cleaned up so we can go inside
what are you doing this kid's just taken
full rein in the car what are you doing
hey hey hey don't climb back there buddy
we got to give Caspian his dinosaur back
okay go get him go go go go go don't go
go go go go go go go all live how's it
going long time no see
hi peg give her a hug get painting a hug
no oh there we go Caspian we solve your
dinosaur I don't we can keep it here the
Holly that's very nice of you buddy
happy
Oh
Holly what do you have on yeah a tattoo
are you drawing on your cell dang you
are tough let me see you do a little
tattoo on yourself oh not on your face
if you don't face tattoo you won't get a
real job
Oh give Hannah a tattoo oh he's got you
all tatted up which got a church and now
we're at garage through getting some
ones with the whole crew you would you
like a tattoo because Olli will give you
one
all right guys you just got back from
dinner and aliens munching on a little
pre pre bedtime snack
eating some bread yeah and we're reading
this really cool book about dinosaurs
and look at you can feel the dinosaurs
sticky tongue feel it with your fingers
can that gross ha ha ha ha okay I'll
touch it Oh gross goodness the dog you
can't touch it you know he can't touch
it you touch it again but anyway I think
that's all for today's vlog I'm hanging
out with my buddy Chewie that's right
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you day be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment check out
all those links down below in the
description and we'll see you tomorrow
yeah I'll do what do you say just keep
walking
with one foot in front of the other the
journey may seem rough world is yours if
you believe you're not
raise your
take any breath
and make the job
might be sick
