I wasn't dead right guys
good morning Minnie what you eat in um
nothing yah yah what you got what let me
see Oh looks yummy can I have a bite
thank you look God mm-hmm good morning
guys someone opened the windows and let
all the light in me why do you do that
it's so bright nice now we have to wake
up although this kid jumping on our bed
at 7 a.m. does the trick too yeah that's
basically what he does - I'm gonna sign
that
- oh good buddy I've won okay you bitch
says to ask politely and then we can
have one
good morning Finn how'd you sleep buddy
he's I'm so good I say yeah better than
Olli uh yeah
Holly did you say good morning to your
brother go over there and say good
morning to your brother okay bye
thanks for hanging out with us he's like
a teenager he just comes to get what he
wants food and then he just goes on his
merry way he did good last night though
yes hey what are you doing oli gonna get
Finn your last muffin that's so nice of
you
here um I'll take it for him thank you
baby that's very nice you watch I love
this example he's not really good either
I will be all up on can you hang out
with your brother in his bed do you guys
love the sister they got to fit hey hot
got him then just loves it like just
like that and like he's smiling so big
right now
is Olle in your ears co-sleeper what's
he doing in there yeah yeah Olly you
know used to sleep in one of these next
our bed - yeah yeah now you just sleep
in your bed until 2:00 a.m. and then
call into ours yeah yeah shushing egg
okay Wow what he said you know
eventually Finn's gonna grow out of this
and then he's sleeping in your room with
you is that cool yeah you want to share
bed with him yeah that'd be fun huh all
he knows not what he says never boys
talked about you though when the boys
are a little older having them share a
room how it'd be really cool he pulled
them off the elephant and then when sat
on the elephant check it out you guys
I'm all galaxies not today
I'm wearing a Sly Fox thread galaxy hat
which is pretty dope it's got like an
all-over print of galaxy and then I'm
reppin my Star Wars swag t-shirt
I thought they went pretty well together
I'm actually sitting at the counter I'm
just wrapping a couple things up because
it's Friday and I try not to do a whole
lot of work on the weekends Missy had to
go run a few errands but before she did
we got both of the kids to sleep they
have been napping for like an hour and a
half now Finn is in his crib all these
in his bed and I could not be more
thrilled I was able to like get ready
without any interruptions get stuff done
without any interruptions it's just so
cool and I don't think I think Finn
really enjoys sleeping in his crib
because he slips in there so much longer
hello what's up karma how's you going
boy
I love your haircut I love when his hair
is a short so much nicer huh huh and
look who is awake mr. Finley hey buddy
you slept so good I just got him dressed
in this cute little crab onesie knees
clean with ask wrinkly toy you like it
huh I love how he reaches for it too
crazy you're so smart buddy so smart I
love that he can set up too so I can
just set him here and he'll just chill
hashtag baby goals right there am i
right we are out of the house got a
pretty excited little boy right now
because can you see daddy he's here
hey buddy oh my goodness Brian like a
baby today to see if we can let always
try to be forward-facing just for today
because everyone smell we do let them
forward face like when we're out on
vacation it is so nice like when we get
to sit in the front seat and just like
toggle and look back at him hey hey sup
that way like if he's being naughty you
can actually look at me and be like you
needed some you like to see daddy yeah
it's kind of funny picking your boogers
right now you got boogie boy weird let
mama pick that mama likes to keep mama
ticket okay I'll take it
we also got this happy baby he's wearing
his cute little Sly Fox uh bandana
he's been drooling a lot lately and just
like getting his outfits like super
gross Ollie you are one stylish dude
look at these gold kicks
I got his gold supers on we are actually
headed into byebye baby because today we
are getting a new car seat for Finn he's
graduating to something new
oh yeah Mazal try I never use the
carrier and he screams in it so let's
try a bigger one then yeah
me might be more like comfortable in
yeah really like it the next fit by Kiko
this is the one that Gaines has you said
yes it's a cool color yeah I like it a
lot yeah they've actually changed them
just slightly since we bought them for
all a bed oh really I like them because
they can be super easy to put in with
the super stretch thing it really easy
their extended rear facing which means
they can be very facing for longer which
is safer for them you want to sit in
here whoa a little see new baby swag hi
cutie
Missy he's smiling really do you think
he would actually like being in the car
with this thing this is very soft and
comfy huh how genius is this this is the
zip one and the entire thing zips off to
wash it hey nice hey I'm thinking now
we're gonna go with this one just to
keep it cleaner cuz that's pretty
ingenious we've found more things that
crinkle so the wings are all crinkly oh
he dropped his bandana he's like oh yeah
I'll put that my god hey Finn you know
that means we have to buy it now he's
like I know all right Allie it's your
turn we're gonna find you a toy okay
okay cuz we can't buy one kid a toy
without buying the other kid a toy so
we're gonna go into the bigger kid toy
see we can find you something really
neat playing blocks ooh look at riding
unicorns oh yeah he loves those
but--look Elsa and Anna you want to else
end on a doll are you sure
yeah you're sure okay she has a
glittering snowflake cape yeah like oh
you'd love it
it's a toy driver for toys it's actually
a real thing it's not a toy
Oh a Dino buck he said he wanted
something dinos that's so cool it's a
touch and feel feeling love the smooth
horns if alpha source at a color storage
oh that's neat
velociraptors race away from red
fireballs blasting out of the moon you
know that's sad this is a story about
the dinosaurs destruction oh yeah ready
that is scary stuff man he's tough man
scared me we're at my mom and dad Oh oh
my gosh
so Papa's been working on this little
house for ollie
and he has a button right here and it
makes the dinosaur squirt water and
water the tree shut off the water for
the trees it's really the only way yeah
so you have to water the tree all these
gallon
that's so funny so this is a papa's
house he's been working on it looks
really good
you want to try and get the water with
your mouth well if you stand over there
you can guide Jose like it's nothing but
it was summer yeah all right we're
getting gas and daddy try it
daddy's outside you gotta do it ready
gotta get the pod
gommi good karma karma hi karma are you
hungry are you hungry hey Olli can you
feed karma okay this is Ali's favorite
chore you got it takes the food dumps it
in this bowl it's okay yeah that's be
perfect good job then you got to give
karma kiss say you're welcome I gotta
say he wore this all day and it is
soaking wet I know you probably can't
tell but it's soaking wet and his alpha
is completely dry yay bibs do work and
it's so cute how much he loves to play
with this thing you like that it's a
pretty good yeah we're using his little
what is this I know yeah it ticks light
saber tooth brush on can't put this
looks pretty good
he thinks it's pretty cool huh you like
it whoa it's like a light saber battle
in your mouth fighting all the sugar
bugs huh whoa hello only it's time for
summer
hey gais you what are you doing
oh that's the real dinosaur gee I'm so
scared you want to come up yeah all
right guys that we had a super fun day
but it's time to end the vlog it is time
for veg but get it feel like does not
pay enjoyed hangs up the video they send
that Bali's all right
always day see you tomorrow
you ready to end the vlog with the Dino
okay say bye
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other the journey may seem rough
world is Gaza
praise your
