good morning guys we got Mimi and Papa's
I am headed out with Hannah and Natalia
and I'm really excited we're gonna get
mani-pedis and just hang out always
taking a nice nap yay Brian is doing
tons of meetings and so I came over here
to hang out for a little bit before I
leave and Cassie is sitting here
freaking out she is watching her
real-time count you guys thank you so
much for subscribing look at these
numbers they're just flying up I'm like
so unbelievably happy it's like the
craziest thing so thank you guys again
for not only supporting Cassie but
supporting just our family in general I
think it's obvious that you guys love
Cassie we love Cassie and just thank you
for subscribing if you haven't
subscribed go subscribe it's doing a
link down below
she's got a video up right now and I
believe Friday her next video goes up so
be on the lookout for her next video
Finn how you doing you'd be in pretty
good today huh you actually drove all
the way over here you'd barely even
cried in your car seat she came in
Cassie's like um he's smiling and he's
in his car seat I was like sometimes it
happens I've literally never seen my
luggages yeah in the car seat he's
strapped to the car seat and he was
smiling so Mays will not scream the
whole time maybe not get a good idea hi
ollie
what do you got there you got army man
and a photo of a Star Wars gun oh yeah
okay yeah you like army men yeah
good morning hey Olli how was your nap
Oh God
good should we put some clothes on you
okay look what I got
yeah it's a shirt with a firetruck on it
yeah I'll he just woke up from a really
good nap he actually took a nap in his
room slept for 15 minutes and I was like
oh you ain't doing that
huh and so he came down here and I laid
him on the couch and he slept for
another hour which was really really
nice because oh oh sure time yeah my
moment my want to go hang out with the
girls it was nice that he laid down
because Jeffrey and I had like six Skype
meetings today we got some big projects
we're going on so we're trying to get a
match oh my gosh you actually put the
camp up you bet the camera I know hey
you know something yeah you're crazy you
guys got to be careful for his by tire
try and get him ah he really wants to
bite the don't work are you being a
t-rex are you being a t-rex I don't know
if he's being a t-rex or a zombie okay
I'm gonna start calling you zombie boy
and say brains
aa-are okay you want to keep something
yeah okay alright I am making Ollie food
oh I am burning all these food actually
is what I'm doing dang it I thought I
had this on low heat and I apparently
did not that burner is a lot hotter and
I thought see if this is even usable I
doubt it
oh that is black
hashtag dad live that was a fail
okay let's try again alright so we're in
the back right now I've clearly got
these things on my nails but this place
is so nice
apparently they use an egg this was to
help with moisture any eggs yeah so eggs
is got all kinds of cool stuff it's
really nice with hair they have a
Natalia and it's so cool this is
definitely one of the coolest places
I've been to get a manicure pedicure hey
Ollie what you got there a gun show me
how you shoot with it Ollie's been
running around the house all day with
this it's the cord that goes into the
griddle and he's been using as a gun huh
cannot take the guns away from you
everything turns into a gun Oh a prize
or present present he knows he has
something coming I actually accidentally
ordered him a toy on Amazon I was
looking at I was like oh that'd be
really cool and so I saved it for later
and then when I had to buy like a memory
card or something it was in my cart and
I accidentally bought it and I was like
I guess I got it
so I accidentally bought him a toy and
I'm gonna show it to him right now this
is what I got ollie I think he's going
to love it Space Ranger infinity blaster
let's go show him and see what he thinks
you're sitting there with your gun well
guess what I have for you a present you
want to see sit down sit down
are you ready
out with the old in with the new huh
what do you think oh you like it I'll
open it for you it makes a different
sound every time you do it and it lights
up with all this new line that needs
okay I'll open it for you what I get
yeah yeah what kind of gun fun good now
you have to promise me something okay
wait no listen to me listen you need to
promise something okay you do not shoot
mama okay you do not shoot that down
okay you do not shoot baby Finn okay you
do not shoot Karma okay here are some
things you can't shoot you ask you the
camera you can see the camera
you got to camera the camera shoot it
what else can you see you shoot the
ceiling yeah shoot the ceiling hello
shoot up there shoot then you can shoot
anything that is a ball what about that
big ball shoot the ball go shoot it you
can shoot dinosaurs
Arlo's coming after you ah you can shoot
the horse yeah she's the horse
you can shoot the lightsabers you shoot
the cars yeah
with great power comes great
responsibility okay can you say that
with me yeah say great power comes great
responsibility but damn party yes good
job
I love you you like any toy did outta
the bed yeah give me a big hug
oh no you can't shoot Jeffery to the
clarified people no people
Betty come on oh he's full-blown
laughing here comes here he comes
dog still in his face Bailey and it's
the tail a leap a shoot the dinosaur
she's a dinosaur Olli Olli should the
dinosaur yeah you got him together as a
team
hey is up from her nap and she's got all
these old buzz gun okay you got the new
one oh that's a kitty cat yeah just got
done that was really nice it's like
totally different than what I'm used to
so that was cool although me and Natalia
totally JIP we did not get the egg no
but you get the sugar scrub no I don't
get a discount it's a chick she was like
did you get the egg and I'm like no
she's okay
did you get the sugar scrub yes I got so
I didn't get the sugar scrub did you get
the steam no I didn't get fighting good
seaweed she got everything hand I got
everything I got everything the cool
thing about our pedicures though is that
we got mood changing pedicures so you're
angry right now it's why your server oh
yes I'm angry you're blue so yeah they
like changes your temperature in the Sun
my thumb was a different color cuz my
gosh your thumbs like super chill and
like what colors oh thank you so it
changed is to like pink and then blue
and then green whatever they just not
they're flat Oh Olli has said that he
needs to go potty right mm-hmm
he was upstairs he just got down out of
the shower he goes mama I got a pool I
was like he's being so silly right now
um and I was like do you want a sucker
if you go partying this and the if you
go poopoo in the potty it's like he's
like sure mama came downstairs but the
thing with all he's really just like
he's got slightly interested but he
honestly is not really ready to potty
train like he he just hasn't shown any
other side other than sometimes saying
poop on the potty sucker
what are you doing oli figuring out how
it works
you owe me help you here you want to
wear this is a hat you glad could be a
hat oh yeah that goes there okay now you
sit on here okay let's not put anything
in there Kate except up in there yeah
Liz all we do is put poo poo and pee pee
in there okay and then good show me
where you farted yes fart did you burn
it do you see anything it's it is fart
again
that's amazing
really good
yeah improvement yeah he is now farting
on the toilet
all right Arlo is on the to potty he's
gonna try and go potty okay good belly I
think you think oh cool oh let's do you
think he went poopoo whoa what is that
yeah don't touch it you don't touch it
yucky what's in there Ollie poo poo Arlo
yeah we got both kids asleep which is
actually a miracle because sometimes
Finn does not go to sleep till really
late but I'm not finna passed out Ollie
is passed out we're exhausted we're
ready to go to bed we're going to go
ahead and the vlog give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it would you
like to say goodnight today subscribe to
my family if you a see more of me huh
you're so cute
J see you tomorrow bye
all the places we go now
we'd overcome
we tear down
we would have found
