hey Olli where we going huh
yep that's where we're going what things
I don't know you guys figure it out
happy st. Patrick's Day good morning
guys happy st. Patrick's Day we are all
wearing our green I got green fins got
green oh you got green yeah look at your
shirt it's color green again up but
green robot that's right Missy's wearing
green it's st. Patrick's Day today and
we got a lot to do because we're getting
ready for a trip so we're gonna get that
started and we're taking you along with
us let's go all right first things first
oli and I are headed to go drop off some
very important paperwork then we have to
get done before we leave so we are
headed that way
Holly do you like hanging out with dad
dad I love you you look cute little
leprechaun you want chocolate cake
who doesn't want chocolate cake on top
of all the crazy busy things I have to
do today I'm now taking Finn to the
doctor he's had this cough or predicate
gazes it now like maybe five days work
should be ready to go on our trip and so
I kind of just feel like I just take it
in because I hate for it to like get
worse or maybe actually is something
that I need to worry about so I'm taking
him in even though he seems fine just
gonna have them check and make sure he's
okay
since we're gonna be going on a trip
rescue the army man
all right next thing we have to do is we
have to fuel up so what are we going to
eat today
okay bad guys we're eating some pancakes
aren't we are we playing with the army
man because it was the only toy that was
in Mama's car huh what's your army man
here Joan puppet army man on top the
ketchup and then what happens ah army
man fall down here's what you do take
care of me man put it on the end of the
fork and then you push down see them
clap you ready to work I just taught you
a cool little trick can you do it
you try it I'm on there
good job Holly what do you got
strawberries go ahead take one he loves
strawberries ever since he ate em with
Papa YUM yeah this is the kids pancakes
and you got five huge pancakes you're
gonna eat all that no you're not all
right
no I'm done with the doctor ran a little
cost if she said just keep an eye on it
make sure it's not getting worse however
he does have an ear infection so he has
to run antibiotics present your hair and
now he's just tired you want to go to
sleep I'm actually headed into a hair
appointment with Michelle and you're
gonna sleep because you were tired
clickedu
aah hey baby all right we are back from
breakfast always getting a little bit of
playtime in before he's got to go take a
nap you playing with your dinotrux you
like dinotrux huh I cannot believe that
this kid is still in the dinosaurs it's
so funny he loves that he loves
everything about them it's crazy yes you
guys the cats out of the bag we are
going on a trip and I'm really excited
because we're actually going to be
having a lot of downtime it's going to
be a trip for relaxation and to get to
connect as a family and it's gonna be so
much fun we are so excited so I know
we're gonna have lots of downtime and
we're actually going to have a pretty
long flight ahead of us too so I'm
actually right now scrolling through
audiobooks on audible which if you guys
didn't know you can actually get a
30-day free trial of audible with the
link on the screen audible.com slash
bumps there's also a link down below in
the description I think I'm actually
gonna start listening to Harry Potter
again I love the audio books of Harry
Potter because they're narrated by Jim
Dale who is a Grammy Award winning
narrator for Harry Potter he's amazing
brings the story to life and it's just
so cool when you hear someone else
reading the book to you kind of feel
like a little kid again when your mom's
like nestled up into bed and you're
reading a book so it's actually really
cool so I'm gonna be reading Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone one of
my all-time favorite books
you guys know I'm huge Harry Potter fan
and I love that they're on audible the
audibles amazing they have over 180,000
downloadable titles so if you click that
link down below in the description go to
audible.com slash bumps and you can get
a free 30-day trial and if you haven't
read Harry Potter now's the time to do
it start with the first book and become
a Potter head like me you know you're a
dad when you get excited about a new
stroller yes so we're going on a trip
obviously you guys had that but we need
a new stroller we've been using the dual
stroller that holds all en fin but fin
hates being in his car seat so he
doesn't want to sit in there he's too
little for the seat so until he gets big
enough for that just been using one
stroller for just four Ollie and then we
usually carry fin the little orange
umbrella stroller we've been using has
basically fallen apart on us so I
ordered a new one this one is the
UPPAbaby G luxe and excited to pop these
wheels on and see what it looks like
yeah I heard the package would drop on
the door I got so excited and I'm like
why am i excited Australis I know your
dad before I get together
so look at that
that wasn't so bad this is cool light
super slim we're actually really going
like this
so yeah this would be like a really nice
lightweight travel stroller really good
Disneyland stroller when we're only
going with all your and only all I needs
a stroller because it has lots of
storage and stuff Plus this seems like
way more padded than the other one which
i think is gonna be night and this all
comes off too so you can take this off
and clean it which is cool come on what
do you think he liked the new stroller
are you all ready you ready you ready to
go to the beach that's cool and you got
your flip-flops on all he's actually
wearing sunglasses right now you guys
that's insane you look cool say thank
you
yes and he put those on him oh I love
your shirt at life is this first time
you worn it no second half oh you look
cool
I like it look at the doggie he's gonna
swim in Karma's out here enjoying this
fresh blue water pool actually looks
really great right now we don't have a
ball so let's just throw this cut go get
it
get a karma get it good job Karma
how's it feel ollie how is it Cassie is
it cold
yeah is that my little surfer dude are
you a surfer dude yeah yeah yeah hey
ollie
where we going um ha ha yep that's where
we're going what things I don't know you
guys figure it out yeah the baby should
be right oh I think our beach trips this
year are gonna be a lot more fun than
last year because last year he wouldn't
touch the sand and this year he's a lot
more into it but I am getting packed we
are getting ready for our trip we are
super excited I just packed Finn's
little tiny suitcase but everything yeah
everything fits in here and I'm really I
have like I've been very organized I
wanted to like write exactly how many
outfits that I needed for Finn and I'm
really excited because the place we're
going to has a washer and dryer because
so I really don't need to pack a lot
yeah I'm packing like half the amount of
days of outfits so that he can you know
just we can just wash them and rewear
stuff so he fits in this little tiny
suitcase and it's perfect and I even
have room for maybe some extra little
items just for him so that's good are
you ready
should we start packing you now yeah we
be you want to go to the beach yeah all
right oh look at these cool boys all
ready for vacation
and we're going to the beach each let's
go getaway
they say what they're gonna say finis
put your glasses back on buddy here
we'll just put them on top of your bald
head oh there we go okay let me see your
shades oh you guys are looking groovy
are you ready to go on a trip this is
your suitcase dude we just put you right
in there huh he does not agree with that
packing mechanism nope all right guys it
is go time with packing I'm trying to
get everything together I'm also trying
to like be organized about it I don't
want to over pack but now I'm on to
Ollie and it is actually a really busy
night Bryan is finishing up some editing
and I'm trying to pack the kids and so I
think we're actually going to end the
vlog right now just so that we can get
everything done so we can be off for our
trip tomorrow but we're so excited I
hope you guys are excited with us I did
wanna let you know that my sister's
video is out right now it is so funny
she did such a good job has a lot of
people in it we've all like kind of
collabed with her with it let me go
check it out I'll have it linked down
below paper cute video um anyways I'm
gonna end the today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it give this video a thumbs
up if you did by the way you guys like
my hair I got rid of the blonde that was
in here's because I was like kind of I
didn't really like it now I'm just kind
of all one color and I like it a lot
more we'll see you guys tomorrow it
should be fun
well oh hi you were say bye okay ready
Hey
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other the journey may seem rough
the world is yours if you believe you're
now
you might be scared and that's okay
