hey guys thanks so much for tuning in to
today's vlog before it starts I wanted
to let you know that my long awaited
collab with Peter Hollens is now
officially up on my youtube channel I
will have a link down below in the
description
we covered the song you'll be in my
heart from Disney's Tarzan and it was so
much fun it's unlike a lot of the other
music videos that I do so it's cool that
it's different and the song means a lot
to me basically when I sang it I just
thought about fin and Ollie the whole
time and you know that relationship that
we share as father and sons is really
unique and I think the song sort of
captures that so go check that out link
down below in the description now on to
today's vlog
good morning ollie
you got your food at your chocolate milk
you wanted to come hang out up here mmm
I love you I was at home yeah good
morning guys were getting up and moving
for the day hi baby
good morning thin hi fin is watching
Missy do her hair you happy boy yeah
you're happy I know you're having cuz
you got pancakes huh kid has been
nothing but smiles lately huh
can I see you smile Keith a mile
Ollie you're are kinda helped I wonder
where all he is oh there he is what's up
buddy Oh where'd Ollie go where'd Ollie
go I cannot find him oh my gosh where is
he there he is
so update on all these stitches actually
yesterday they came untied and he had
two big strings so he was sleeping in
the back of the car and we snipped them
so they were super short he couldn't
grab on to them but there was still one
side that was kind of able to grab on to
them and he pulled it out didn't she oh
yeah yeah let me see her stay still show
me your lip yeah so he pulled out his
stitches but his lip is healing really
good actually and make I think because
it was only one stitch that it didn't
really need to be in there for a long
time but his lip is held together it
hasn't opened up healing nicely huh he
actually had a big photo shoot planned
for here at the house like a studio set
up with the whole family but we had to
reschedule that because of his big fat
lip
so hopefully by next week it's all clear
okay buddy
I um you like you like pancakes
hmm this is the first time that that has
actually come in handy before using it
when he was really little and so I just
couldn't like keep him like that from
going under I couldn't keep him like he
was just tubes all really and now that
he's up for my balls you can sit in the
bathtub
it empties right here automatically so
it doesn't get too full I can keep the
water coming in at a good temperature it
even tells me like the temperature and
it goes in here and then spills right
into the rest of the tub when you look
like you're having a lot of fun you like
it you I think that's you know how will
it spin turn yeah yeah huge blowout just
now and I never get in bath I always
just take a shower too but I'm like I
just don't already I can't take a shower
maybe later okay
okay we are off to a doctor's
appointment I've got thin on me
I've got Ollie and auntie's here she is
tagging along with us helping out and
sort the hangouts payment really how
much the last couple weeks right and I'm
not super jet lagged anymore so she
slept yesterday until 5:00 p.m. and woke
up thinking it was like 5:00 a.m. she
was like um there's no way I slept till
5:00 p.m. that's how jet like she wasn't
she was like 18 hours ahead so but she's
finally pretty much kind of you're
probably still a little tired I'm pretty
tired but she's getting there
so fitness actually headed in for his
four month well visit because of all
these little incident with his lip I'm
actually just gonna have her see both of
them I don't think they typically stitch
something like that it was definitely
super small that what we were doing was
trying to avoid like scarring but I
really don't think it's going to be
that that and it actually looks pretty
good so I'm looking forward to just kind
of going in and having the doctor look
at it and just letting me know this
looks like a little slow scrape on your
lip huh
okay let's go so we've been waiting
outside the doctor's office for like 40
minutes now it's really packed in there
probably a lot of kids are sick
and we've been waiting here for so long
we're starting to get like tired of
holding Finn so we've got a little
creative now he's sitting in the diaper
bag there now you can just sit in the
diaper bag that works perfectly it seems
like no are you getting kind of bored oh
we don't have Dino eggs Olli but I do I
did bring the iPad because I'm a smart
mama all right yeah never one sucker
sorry Ali's got a sucker you happy now
oh and Finn is now just gonna sit on the
rub you good how about we get you that
Sophie again
what's a Sophie okay go
they looked at always a lip and they
said it looks really good it'll heal on
its own very minimal scar if anything at
all she laughed at the fact that he took
it out and basically said he's
officially a surgeon I'm glad that
everything looks good with it and it
doesn't look like it's I'm gonna be any
problem or any issues and we got fit
done and now we're actually headed to
see Hannah from slyfox and we're going
to go check out some clothes in their
warehouse and I'm excited we're going to
do a little bit of shopping we're right
now picking out a ton of clothes for
Ellie and Jared and Jackson and Calvin
and um I think we did really good
right and so this is like all their
clothes right now that we've picked out
and of course I got Jackson and Calvin
like some really cute matching things
like big bro little bro and that had to
make sure we get daddy's sidekick for
Jackson and Calvin and then we got a
mommy shadow because I felt like for
sure Calvin knees mommy shadow because
he's definitely a mama's boy
also going to be looking at some clothes
for : and Katy so yeah this is their
warehouse Cassie's in here kind of you
shopping around a little so we're going
to look for : Katie because since
Katie's pregnant we can't get her some
cool like prego one we prego life and we
have bun and oven oh that that one's so
cute yes yes oh my god she would love
that too I that but yeah so we're gonna
pick out some stuff for : Katie Jane's
and then we'll probably pick out
something maybe for the new baby boy
that's come in I just got home Bryan's
sitting on the couch with Finn I was
just showing him those shirts I got so I
got this one for my mom it says it says
but first coffee which is totally my mom
she likes her coffee in the morning Jeep
I live which I told her you need to make
a Papa wife or a Mima or a Mima me me he
like I didn't wanna let you guys know if
you want to check out more Sly Fox
threads clothes you can go to sly fox
threads calm and you can check out all
our cute cute clothes I got some really
cool stuff this this home size
kasia's over here opening up an egg with
all it yep it's a chocolate egg yep and
I cool really getting it yeah he's had a
little practice so this one is the Toy
Story one so there'll be a little toy
story in there vitamin by day
look at that open the egg open the egg
okay who'd you get oh you got one
really go long
what are you I hope you get buzz I'll be
so cool via buzz yes
ding get lot so the pony alien you can
get bullseye Rex Rex would be cool to
another woody - woody Zetas are not so
rare then are you gonna help them out
hey would you get what yet you gotta
bite it bite it bite it did you bite
back thank you
are you excited like I'm like so excited
right now
oh it's so funny why she got woody woody
and ham and he also has lots o and
slinky and he's got lots of chocolate
and mothers okay okay oh uh what's your
favorite food in the whole wide world
um hey K pancakes and what else do you
like um I made a yeah Oh Mel died - mmm
all he is in dinner he has chosen to eat
oatmeal dinos and look it has a little
dinos in it that's so cool huh huh
and we got cinnamon bread and oranges
for you too I love you I missed you you
were gone all day with Mama did you have
fun okay what are you drinking oh come
on choc a mag but it's got stuff in it
um let's see half serving of veggies in
every box it's called sneaks and he
likes it you like it
yeah cool don't just eat your oranges
okay need to eat your oh my bags - okay
he's a food monster hey Ben hey thanks
for the present you gave me today thank
you that he gave me a little head cold
yeah my dad gave me a little head yeah I
give it to you you gave it to me what oh
okay hmm we just can't be a hundred
percent sick at her head of that healthy
ever I guess not earlier today we
honestly just laid down and caught him
on the couch I was so comfortable babe I
know it's really good to do that good I
usually have this one on me
especially at night he doesn't let me go
at night
he's a wife stealer position with my
wife and yeah we had both kids sleeping
together at the same time today yes they
both took enough by themselves without
us touching them when I spin gonna go in
his nursery I accepted I attempted a nap
the other day in his per minute didn't
work but he's not ready for nighttime
yet although hopefully maybe a couple
months are you coming up here to join us
yeah okay let's cuddle let's go oh my
gosh this is so rare that we're all
together as a family like this hey what
are you doing hey lucky
why are you licking me can you not are
you having a doggy how was your nap
slash eating thing I wish I could eat
and sleep at the same time I know you're
still looking me okay we get it you're
being a doggie look at the camera
yeah no no no if you're good maybe we'll
go nothing Casey cheese ah look at our
church family baby you got outside oh
okay okay I love you hey okay
okay we're getting ahead and the vlog
now okay thumbs up today's video hope
you guys enjoyed it just another normal
day here in sunny Southern California
blow raspberries nice belly you got spit
all over Molly you love big churches
don't you can you say bye-bye
you just need to need to be prayed Oh
need to be brave
Oh Oh G
yes calling you
and birds will
