Holly what happened a black bag you fell
down
I mean puppet he's got a pretty good
little mark on there and there's also
one inside his mouth so we rushed him to
a urgent care she told us that because
of where it's at
it cuz it's like right on his face that
he needs to probably get stitches done
by a surgeon yeah you couldn't make it
yeah I've been worse worse and we don't
want him to have a big scar on his chin
yeah feel so bad that we have to have
stitches put in within six hours yes so
we're headed there now are you okay yeah
yeah
got your truck and you got your teddy
bear yeah I gotta say you're in such a
good mood you definitely have your
mama's pain tolerance you fell at Mimi
and Papa's he's giving you guys an
update yeah Ali fell at Mimi and Papa
what is lip open and we have to go into
the emergency room so he can get
stitches which is horrible
like I feel so bad for the little guy
we're headed in to the emergency room
now they just kind of look and then if
you're really good and you get a candy
Hey
okay you gotta be really nice and no
kitty yeah he hit the last lady at her
she care if she was like poking has left
trying to see it gave me a good boy
be strong boy okay yeah doesn't look
very good Ollie we got to get that taken
care of kay oh yeah we have to or else
it's gonna get worse you don't get it
like six you come back together sitting
like six hours it'll just scar and it'll
grow with him so I see growing scar like
yeah when we can't have that cuz we like
your pretty face full yeah I'm trying to
get a story on your to meet you you're
gonna read a book with Mama okay even
though you be interested
ever write light of penny pickles with
new display we've been there before
children twist out for just the close of
the LED light we're gonna change the
journey and then we're gonna make our
watch okay okay look
what's that
it's so cute we should we need or
Drita's gonna be coffee with kiddies our
check
that's what chef oh I got you unhand
that you go I'll look it up there it's a
squirrel oh hey hey squirrel hey
squirrel
and there's a birdie over there debris
and trees watching Shrek yep what do you
watch an ollie
this thing is a lifesaver I know what
would we do without it right huh did it
it's usually in under five it was in
yeah door cuz I didn't even bring a
diaper back and also I can no we don't
have the iPod he's just gonna be crying
all time he's distracted though so
that's good
here we go yeah he was doping he wants
to wear the globe is that how the doctor
wears it yeah and then would you look at
your mill you want to look at Mama's
mouth check it make sure it's okay
go check my mouth it looks good yeah um
the doctor just came in and looked at it
they said he eats one stitch and if it
wasn't for the fact that I went past the
lip line they wouldn't really do it but
because it goes past it just means it'll
make up bigger scars or not yeah with it
so doesn't need anything inside just one
stitch right there give him a couple
things to relax him put something on to
numb it which will hopefully help with
the pain and then also get something to
relax him so he's not like screaming
like that which you'll probably scream
him otherwise yeah but it only lasts a
minute yeah he said I'll just take him
like a second zip yeah been a long night
Holly hey tired like I did promise
I said I'd handed it just like the
doctor all right we've got the whole
gang here now Ben was getting pretty
fussy so they brought him down holly has
taken his medicine so he's a little bit
loopy now we're holding this gauze on
him because lidocaine yes as a lot of
Kate's making it all numb so I got to
put one stitch in so pretty tired hoping
that putting a stitch in it won't be too
traumatic you don't care but makes
everything kind traumatic hi guys auntie
it is maybe his papa daddy mama
all right Ollie let's see it show me
your tough lip oh wow you did so good
I'm so proud of you I know it was tough
huh but you did so good
Cassie went to the vending machine and
is rewarding Ollie with goodies so we
got chips and chocolate eating all right
on the all wrong dinner did he know no
his lip is starting it all bruised him
big he's gonna look like a tough guy huh
getting with his treats signaller pieces
yeah any nice ooh I know it likes his
chips whole Mimi come on oh no don't put
too much in today I'm watching this
giant chocolates as big as this ahead
take the wrapper off a good bite oh I
have a chip is it No you ask permission
you will know I'm watchin you no good
sure he doesn't eat his tongue as tongue
might be look numb to all I say I'm a
tough guy yeah you are Teddy day time
yeah me too we are back at home it's
been such a long night it took probably
like five hours till we were like done
in leaving the hospital finally it's
insane he just has one little stitch
should it be any scarring from it and
the stitches should dissolve within 14
days which is really nice so he's been
just cuddling with mom and dad
he's very tired you tired buddy hmm you
a tough guy though nah yeah Howie I'm
seriously so proud of him he did really
good you guys is really surprising he
definitely takes after Missy Missy has a
really high pain tolerance me not so
much I could when they were doing it I
had to like look away I was getting
queasy
didn't left the thing on his lip for
like 30 minutes and um it but then when
he stuck that needle in all influent he
and like sir it was not numb seemed like
goes nothing no like oh my god I thank
you okay it was pretty gnarly morning
time actually so we're gonna try and get
some sleep and we're gonna check on them
on this little guy in the morning say
good night good job
good morning oli you making pancakes
with Mama
put your hands in a hefty handsome
America silly
good morning mr. Finn hi he's laying on
a huge pile of blankets happy as can be
just relaxing I want to be where you are
you look comfy how'd you sleep good
you're doing okay this morning yeah
pancake batter making pancakes huh yeah
that's a good guy yes hey it's a dynasty
ah we're gonna put a dino egg in the
pancake batter
good job job buddy all he's been doing
really good this morning every now and
then he complains and he'll crying he'll
say oh and and hold his lip but I think
the key is distraction just getting him
doing other things and getting his mind
off of it so much I think that's what's
really gonna help us today dad hey Ollie
what's your favorite food pancakes yes
yes it is
show me your stitches Ollie show me your
stitches ooh
how they feel there okay yeah all these
stitches are doing really good this
morning and the doctor said that they're
supposed to dissolve and fall out on
their own which is nice he does have a
little bit of a fat lip but you're doing
really good buddy I'm really proud of
you you know that
come on stay Karma stay there
Ali likes hanging out with you there you
go give him like that for a while
watching the good dinosaur
cute we've just been taking it easy
today it's been a nice relaxing day you
needed this for sure we just need to
need to befriend
Oh need to be brave
Oh Ong
yes calling you and birds will
