good morning they're all bigoted blah
yeah
hey good morning open it you want to
open it okay you want to open it yeah
yeah okay so yesterday or the other day
I picked this up at Target it's I don't
even know it looked like a cool box it
was on the toy aisle
you saw it looks like a cool box yeah
and so I told the kids let's open it so
we're gonna open it together okay but I
also saw that it actually makes a really
big mess so we're gonna go sit up on the
kitchen table and do it okay let's go
sit up on the kitchen table go run run
all right let's look at it all right so
we've got a box here and it's got a
diamond on it and all it says on it is
diamond and then on the bottom of it it
says diamond dig it explore defines yeah
and so I'm not really sure what we're
gonna find in it but let's open it up
you guys open it up and open it together
okay you can open it pay he wants you to
do it yeah yeah what's in there big
stick all right we got a stick and a
hammer got a little garage and a diamond
looking thing it looks like a diamond
box okay
sorry all right all right there you go
like this ready hammering it up good job
use this thing just stab at it well you
can also use a little spoon okay well we
gotta work on it together there's
something inside you gotta get inside of
it okay yeah you know yeah why don't you
just use that and then I just came down
here Missy's going up this diamond thing
with a hammer pains got a corncob II
yeah oh you got a bigger hammer try it
oli try and do it good you don't try it
does nothing it makes a huge mess no
it's not food don't eat that okay watch
out raising your head be careful don't
hit it too hard did you did a man's time
yes so what do we get
oh so this is actually a salt crystal oh
we have a salt crystal that's cool look
at Jeffrey he's like play-doh is there's
a real diamond in one out of 24 bucks
that's pretty cool oh five more oh no
big the diamond did I know it's like
this little baby didn't it's like you're
always would think you even get anything
and then you got that now they're just
gonna make more of a mess and play with
the thing this is what Missy got I
believe it's a salt crystal but I don't
know let us know what you think is it
salty now salty really oh it's probably
a salt crystal then look at this guy he
just lifted his head up like what's all
the hubbub about what are we doing we're
making messes good morning buddy
hi good morning fin has been taking the
most amazing naps just on the floor in
the living room he falls asleep in our
arms and then we set him right here on
the elephant
and he takes such a good nap huh hi so I
am off to a quick little lunch and then
I'm actually getting my hair done
tomorrow we have a big photo shoot not
opposed to it's like a video shoot it's
like a commercial shoot for tomorrow and
so I just want my hair to look good so
I'm going to get my hair done real quick
at Ulta just have them sort of do it so
that it doesn't look like a frizzy crazy
mess when I go to do it first I'm going
to grab some food what I really want is
wings stop right now
but we stop takes so long for them to
make your chicken wings so I think I
just go with subway
where's Ollie there he is hey mister
it's been awhile since we broke out
Ollie's TP I'm getting him ready for a
nap so I was gonna read him a couple
books I was like why not read him a
couple books in his cool tepee yeah got
a couple pillows from the couch I'm
gonna throw them in here so we can get
comfy okay okay
so that one over there that one right
there and there so then we'll lay on
those we got a blankie an Arlo good
dinosaur book he's still in love with
that book you guys he requested it by
name and oh yeah I don't think I showed
off my shirt today look at that love it
all right little do let's get you out of
the car and we ate a little lunch we had
subway which was and it was uh-huh would
you have did you have the tuna sandwich
how was it is okay now I'm headed into
the hair salon hopefully this won't take
too long huh give me in and out nice
thing about getting my hair done at Ulta
or anywhere is really I can take fin
because you can just sit on my lap while
get my hair done so it's kind of nice
oh good
me cup
all right done I love it when I get it
done it's just so much easier to manage
and it lasts a lot longer which is
really cool and you did so good didn't
you you may get back in the car all
right we got our book and we are in the
tepee but we needed some light so oli
got his good dinosaur flashlight can you
shut it on the book so I can read yeah
shut it on the book the hair oh yeah it
is little distracting cuz every time you
shine alight it roars look who's awake
the brat pack is back at it again aren't
we yeah look at thank you she's like
yeah that's me what's up I love your
onesie what's on it it's a cactus
can you say cactus say cactus daddy
oh okay your mom about that cool yeah
he's like yeah my my dad are usually in
charge of buying clothes huh the kids
are up and Jeffrey and I have just
finished doing core charts for a new
song that's really cool I'm really
excited about it and when I wrote this
song I was like this could be the next
this is home cause it's like big it's
powerful it's about Missy and I of
course well I thought it was about me
aha that's funny you're my muse yeah we
have Missy and I have a really funny
interesting past and it just makes a lot
of really cool music right I think you
should have an album and just instead of
Adele just call Missy you know songs
about Missy yeah we wrote a new song
it's actually about a trip Missy and I
took a long time ago that we will never
forget and kind of just about our
relationship at that time and yeah it
was really interesting so thanks bro you
helped me out excited about it yeah so
we just did chord charts which is fun
and I record like an acoustic version of
it and then I basically send that to a
producer and tell them you know how I
want it to sound and we go into the
studio
and go through options and stuff which
is really fun yeah right new music which
is cool we're in the car and it's not
screaming he's actually been doing good
past couple trips I've taken oh really
just like the last two boys we are
actually headed to dinner with the
Johnsons because we actually had plans
to go on a double date with Jimmy he was
gonna we were cooking him up with this
girl and we're really glad about it but
it ends up not working out because we
didn't have people to watch the kids I
don't know what we were thinking we were
like even playing this for a long time
but yeah so we ended up having to
reschedule last minute which kind of as
a bummer we are gonna reschedule but now
we're gonna basically go with all the
kids and we're gonna go to dinner
because we did not have any dinner plan
tonight because we were originally
thinking we're just gonna go to dinner
tonight we just finished with dinner
Geoffrey is throwing Forks always
yelling off what's up you are eating all
your rice good job he will only eat
right and you're drinkin juice good job
and we're here of course of the Johnson
fam and we are now eating dessert we've
got a CH it doesn't look as pretty as it
did when it came out yeah it was a
little fancier this was a flourless cake
so it's like literally cake that they
took all the flour
it's like feels like a solid chocolate
oh I can't do that I love chocolate but
I cannot do that rich I don't know if I
can do it
Olivia you don't want any chocolate what
happens when you eat too much chocolate
is that like for real does she I forget
where we like heard that like that sugar
gives me like just like sugar before bed
like something like that's so she
literally will not is so responsible
I know olivia is yeah she's just like a
mommy to all the kids do you're a good
little mama huh anyways we're just
finishing up dessert we're really
excited though because the Johnson
family are about to hit 30,000
subscribers and we need your guys's help
go subscribe to the channel get them
over 30,000 get them more than 3,000
we're just so excited for them they are
like they're doing so good in their way
channel is really all just slaying it
yeah it's very nice great yet I don't
know why because they're our cousin's we
hang out them all the time you guys
should go subscribe yes if you are
confused at the relationship yes please
everyone asks they're always like is
Brian your cousin Missy is my cousin
Missy our he's my cousin we grew up
together and yes Jeffery is married to
the beautiful Natalia Natalia works at
home and so she often has the girls so
if if Jeffrey doesn't have the girls
Natalia has the girls but they both work
and they're married happily happily
married as well alright ladies go check
them out
all ready they'll be linked down below
go subscribe go support our family if
you support us alright we're gonna
finish this oh hi mr. poopoo head well
that's not very nice huh that's not very
nice I love how we can just walk into a
room and set him down and he stays there
and bounces all on his own he's such a
good baby
you're so good before you know he's
gonna be crawling and then he's gonna be
walking and then he's gonna be running
and then he's gonna be climbing and then
he's gonna be all over the place aren't
you
but anyway I think I'm gonna go ahead
and end today's blog we had a fun day
Janet we fed him you blink once for yes
two for no blink hey you gonna blink he
barely blinks Boop there we go
see blanked once so he had a good day I
hope you guys enjoy today's video if you
did be sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment at all
those links and we will see you manana
you say bye say bye
you mr. smiley face
you'll like
you can purchase
all right you can run
unless you find
