look at you you got the wind in your
hair you have the wind in your scalp
good afternoon good afternoon good
afternoon
I'm begging god that's right guys it is
not good morning today we've been busy
busy all day for we're back at my
parents house and Payton is over you
guys will never get this Natalia is now
sick oh this is like a never-ending
virus so Natalia is sick Olivia is at
school but of course Peyton needs to be
watched so no we took over Peyton for
now I'm so bummed I cannot believe this
virus it is just insane it spreads like
wildfire um both now they're here and
we're gonna play I Mimi and Papa's and
hang out it is such a nice day is just
the perfect weather I love February
March and April is literally just as the
nicest weather not too hot not too cold
just puffs that tip these kids they've
already taken their little nap and they
are now gonna play it's pestilence and
being plagued by pestilence go away
Holly get the done we need the park
gun there's a grass auger eating
everything look at the fort anything big
grasshopper I'm gonna give you a mint to
show you how big this thing is because
that I mean nothing is practically the
size of my dad's hand we're gonna take
care of it out so you can take care of
him right now he's grabbing this fart
gun really come on come take care of
this oh he's got two guns all right Ali
two guns careful pay we got we got pests
over here it's a grasshopper
see you right there straight ahead
straight ahead same on the back of the
tree see him right there
yeah shoot him two guns like nothing not
having it look scared though it does
look like he moved a little that thing
he's kind of scary-looking oh my gosh I
just got back and look at what is
happening the button right there just
push it on me
push the button got it go go fanny
go fanny hello don't eat the button push
oh oh you got to keep both hands on that
okay buddy
it is never a dull moment at Mema and
Poppa's hey guys how's it going
I'm meeting Missy in here she's been
playing with all the kids and Pei Pei is
hanging out with us you haven't fun pay
yeah I know everyone in our family is
good so far but out of everyone my mom's
the only one who dink you didn't get
sick ill for a few hours
yeah yeah but I didn't get it in Finn
didn't get it cuz worse have superhero
power yeah apparently I've had such a
busy day we've hardly had any time to
vlog yesterday we talked about how we
are going to be buying a house and it's
just an entire process buying a house is
tough you have to get pre-approved you
have to look for your house and then
once you get it there's a million things
you have to do everything just takes a
lot of time and a lot of patience it's a
beautiful day out here look at this blue
sky not a cloud in the sky so papa
set up something really cool over here
in all these rocks and if you look at
this angle you can't really see anything
out of the ordinary but if you shift
over to this side you can see that
gnomes have overtaken Mimi and Papa's
house we got one there
you got one the hair got one right there
right there at night they come alive
ollie
yeah and that cool go pet the gnome for
good luck just pet him like this okay
go pet him now you got good luck
hey Ollie can you make me some pasta
yeah okay cool what I guess grapes Oh
grapes thank you
Oh Ana onion they're delicious those go
perfect together
Finn and pay are swinging woo
look at you you got the wind in your
hair you have the wind in your scalp
he's just so chill chilling out relaxing
all cool hi what what what Ali okay yeah
good go down the slide all the way
around you're gonna go down that's like
all right Ali's helping fin drive now
all right guys we're making you waffles
okay that sound good you want waffles
and chocolate milk have a leg sound good
do you like juice you want scrambled
eggs oh yeah
all you want a no-help jug of milk
instead we're back at the house we got
the good dinosaur on for the kiddos so
they are chillin after a long day of
playing we've been watching Peyton all
day still excited to make breakfast for
dinner so we are grilling up some
Bacon's bacon looks really good it was
like a private collection something like
that at the grocery store I was like
that looks good
and I am making waffles which that looks
hot and ready I guess what eight eggs
and waffles are my block full breakfast
for dinner night we got bacon eggs
waffles all that yummy stuff ahh and
we're playing with sticker books that's
kind of cool yeah I know huh hey like it
Rudy your what we're watching a movie -
yeah I'm even drinking some of Missy's
fresh-squeezed orange juice which is so
amazing I don't know how I could drink
nicer what no there's not pancakes of
waffles Maggie yeah hey Jenny hey are
you eating um hey take a bite
let me show me
Wow that was a good bite good job buddy
well it is now bath time when we are
getting the kids all cleaned up
they are currently taking a little bag
and as you can see the water is actually
very blue and that's because I picked up
some of these fizzy tub colors and I got
these because I think it was Ellie
brought them to the vbe Jay winter sit
cVTC gate winner of a cake and the boys
were had them and it was so cool all I
really liked him and I thought that was
really cool so I went to Walmart and
actually grabbed them and so they have
been playing with them and it's super
cute I love it I think it's kind of fun
for them to get to like hold a color
because I can be like you want it to be
red and they're like yeah and then
they'll change it to red and then when
you mix the red the blue that makes
purple so it's kind of like fun it's
kind of like they get to learn colors at
the same time and it kind of is cool
because it like fizzes up and in front
of them and I'm just kind of a neat
little thing for toddlers to do so I
grabbed a couple of them actually but I
am so exhausted we have been running
around all day today and it was a lot of
fun we had a really really good day and
I got all I was able to play with Peyton
it's kind of fun when they are just
together because ping is a Peyton and
all you're actually like almost the same
age they're only 6 weeks apart which is
kind of fun to get to see them like can
it kind of grow up together and hang out
together and it's always fun when all I
just hangs out with any kids because I
just think it's it's nice when he's got
someone to kind of learn Tom and they
can learn together and learn how to
share and all those good things all
right you guys miss U's getting all the
kids ready for bed they're getting out
of the bath right now I gotta say it's a
little strange having three kids in the
house
maybe something that we will be dealing
with in our future which is interesting
to think about but anyway I think I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog but
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a happy friendly
comment below and check out all those
links below in the description you took
a bath how was it warmth out you got a
warm towel oh and you just got out of
the bath - huh thank you yeah Holly can
we can help me on the vlog okay say bye
so right
yeah okay a smile for picture
