all these legit when it comes to
lightsabers good morning you guys I am
here with mattock faith Jefferson and we
are actually playing on the guitar a
little bit just going over the song hope
rising that we performed together Maddie
has a little present / surprised that
she wants to show you look at that I go
for braces how's it feel do you feel
free great do you feel like the genie at
the end of Aladdin is broken free yeah
and you're like that I'm retainer but oh
yeah no retainer life no um I've you've
only had braces since I've known you and
now look at that beautiful smile yeah
it's amazing that's cool hard work um
yeah we're just gonna play a little bit
of the song we want to make sure we have
down pat because we're just thinking
about doing a couple of new things
around the song yeah so should be cool
all right we got a big jar suckers right
here are you gonna sucker right now why
do you get a sucker XE why'd you get a
sucker Ally
Oh Chuck did you go peepee in the potty
you did I'm so proud of you
okay I'm opening right now good job I
love you I'm so proud of you key has
been running around
morning and I've been tying again to go
potty and he doesn't want a diaper on
but he didn't want to go pee and so I
was kind of like waiting he did make a
tiny little accident here just now but
he ran to the potty and he finished over
in the potty and he did just flush it
now and so he got a sucker he got to
dance and jump him down and we were
super excited we were definitely working
through this and it's happened slowly I
gotta take hands Big Mac and play out
that piece we've got the baby no longer
crying you're being good Oh No and I've
cleaned up all of all these peepee I
cleaned up your PPK you say thanks mama
mama gotta tell you potty training is no
joke guys but you know what it's
actually been really really well good so
far
I'm really trying that's put a lot of
pressure on him I don't want him to be
freaked out or scared to go potty so
we've been trying to do low pressure but
still having a lot of fun with it and
he's I think so far enjoying it
sometimes you have accidents and you got
to clean it up so it's kind of fun it is
time for a nap time you got a dino Oh
will you want taking down for your nap
alright alright so we are going to put
all the way down for a nap maybe you can
go down for a nap we nap time has been
working out so perfectly for me and I
feel like a genius but I was able to put
oli down for his nap and while I'm
putting only down for his nap
I have Finn on me and he falls asleep on
me and so now Finn is in his room taking
a nap always in his room taking a nap
and I'm the winner I'm pretty excited
about it so I don't know what I'm gonna
do I'm actually really hungry so I
probably am going to try and eat some
lunch oh I should have the monitor in my
house is actually pretty clean
so come on might just chill maybe watch
a show maybe just sit down on the couch
and not do anything actually I do have
to edit a bunch of videos so I'm gonna
probably gonna edit some videos look at
this shirt I'm wearing today you guys
it has zippers on the side I don't know
why I don't know why I would ever unzip
them and zip them cuz that's kind of
weird so I've actually lately been doing
a lot of song writing and I wanted to
vlog a little bit about this because you
guys know I released my very first EP in
January on my birthday that was two
months ago
if you guys don't have the EP you can
get it I'll have a link down below in
the description it was really fun to do
but I've been writing some songs lately
I'm not sure what's really gonna become
of it I don't want to put a whole lot of
pressure on the music that I make I just
really like writing songs and and
getting them produced and seeing you
know what kind of happens but it's
interesting because the music I've been
writing has been a lot more personal
lately I feel like it's been a lot more
inspired by like Missy and I and our
story and be cool like released
something that sort of tells our story
with that medium one thing about me is I
am a storyteller whether I'm vlogging
about it running songs about it writing
it down posting pictures about it I I
love telling stories and music is a
really cool way to do that those are
just some thoughts I had about upcoming
music that I've been working on I
actually had a meeting with a producer
today that went really well I'm still
working with Jared in Idaho very closely
and we kind of been songwriting together
which is really fun and nice
having more people involved that so
little update about music I don't know
if anything's gonna come of it but yeah
I just I love songwriting and I love
making music I love I love like every
little process that goes with it you
know it's it's really cool it's like
dude I'm higher who I could literally
lay down and take a nap I could lay down
right here in our bed and I could just
take a nap close my eyes I don't know
why I've been so tired lately
miss you let me sleep in for like 30
minutes on my own this morning it was so
nice and then I woke up and she's like
you're still tired I wanna make you
coffee I never drink coffee and did not
work it did not wake me up much as I was
hoping
I don't know I'm just been really tired
lately not even kidding you guys this
was spotless yesterday
Holly has basically destroyed it Holly
what happened in here did a little bomb
go off
yeah it's a little messy hon what are
you eating
what are these mini muffins he loves
snacking on these mini muffins you guys
hey Ollie bb-8 wants you to clean up
your toy room kay
we did it ollie thank you for your help
ah what are you doing don't put that in
your hair Ollie it's gonna get stuck
Ollie got a sucker because what did you
do
I'm like three ahead no don't put it on
your head why do you have a sucker look
what you made peepee in the potty
yeah peeping out potty a Yankee yeah
went peepee in the potty again that's
like four days in a row and he's been
doing it multiple times a day it's
amazing honestly you say hi to Jack
today oh you got him oh no oh no he's
still left checking the crumb it up
crumb it up crumb it up crumb it up
krumin up Missy's making crumb cake I
like my desserts
mm-hmm Finn won't let you put him down
which actually like sent now that he
fits in this uh oh there you go
yeah he could nap on me and sit and I
have two hands completely free it's not
hard on my back
I know I've like gone to so many
different types of hair since he's been
born but this one's definitely my
favorite yeah so Missy is making a crumb
cake that looks delicious
yep cool beans yeah we're gonna have
some friends over and we're gonna find
making me some little dessert with them
Holly what are you doing you're eatin
Dino nuggets on the couch didn't mom say
you could do that yeah did she did she
no no yeah you didn't say he couldn't
he's eating Dino chicken nuggets which
he hasn't eaten in a long time but he
asked for them tonight
and he's watching dinotrux on Netflix
huh you like the show Rex wants to duck
watch Dino trucks with you too Kay I'll
put him right there on your food can you
feed him a chicken nugget I think he
might be hungry
ah always like you're giving too much
attention to fin yo me make you giggle
you have met your match ah
Ollie's legit when it comes to
lightsabers all your lightsabers off it
doesn't cow oh I'm dead I'm dead
the kids are cleaning up boy I'm playing
for a while and I got a little messy
all right you guys tonight we have Olly
right here going to sleep
I feel like Ali's been having a really
hard time falling asleep in his room
lately
hey we're calming down remember lay down
lay down
thank you it's been a lot easier lately
to let him fall asleep somewhere else
and then bring him to his bed um and
tonight I just did not have time to do
it so you're gonna sleep with puppets I
feel like I need to put away the camera
so we can go to bed huh okay I need you
later we're gonna end the vlog okay
sorry what mom I can't get sad mamas
taking a shower yeah oh no no no later
later
lay down but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog did be sure to give
it a thumbs up and subscribe leave a
comment and we'll see you tomorrow Ali
can you say bye
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other
the journey may seem rough broglie's
Gaza
you're now
Greyjoy
and makes the job
might be scared and
