hello guys before today's vlog starts I
actually wanted to say a very big thank
you to experience for sponsoring this
video a lot of you guys have known that
we have been working on a top-secret
family project for a while now and we
are here now to finally say we're buying
a house just so exciting all the time
that Missy and I have been together
we've always rented mm-hmm we've rented
rooms and our new apartments the houses
we've never really had a place to call
our own or that felt like completely
ours that we could like do things to so
it's really excited that this is like
kind of finally happening
our FICO scores have never been super
terrible but they always could be just a
little bit better because you kind of
want things to go smoothly when you're
buying a house so Missy and I we've
always wanted to be debt-free we decided
to go for it and it ended up being a
little bit easier than we thought just
because we never really had a whole lot
of credit card debt so the first thing I
did was I paid off all my student loans
we started buying cars with cash and we
were able to cut a lot of our multiple
credit cards down to basically the bare
minimum so what you want to do when you
want to improve you want to have a good
revolving credit and we are able to just
have one credit card that we solely use
just for this purpose another thing we
did was make sure that we all of our
bills were being paid on time so really
important and auto pay which was really
helpful yeah and it's just for me my I
have a million things to worry about so
it's really cool like through our bank
to have an auto pay feature set up so
every everyone gets their money before
they're supposed to have it a little bit
before so there's always patty in case
something goes wrong
um and then nothing's like sort of left
behind so now we are actually finally at
the point where we can actually purchase
a house it's crazy so cool Jenn were
cronuts now we have definitely worked
very hard for the moment it's been a
long time coming saving for and thinking
about for a long time and like what do
you want a house like what is the house
of ours gonna look like you know not
just look up and make sure that we're
financially you know ready for it and
it's the time has come and it's been a
long time we that's cool I did so we've
been looking at houses for like the past
two to three months seriously for about
the last month and it's kind of coming
down to a couple
options which is really really cool
they're just like they're like amazing
they like this it's crazy it's really
crazy that we get to do this now and
we're excited and we're excited to bring
you guys along with us we're moving you
guys the daily bumps clan is moving good
morning guys we are at fullscreen we
just got out of a meeting and we went to
go check on Finley he's been sitting
here for about an hour hour two looks
like he just woke up did you wake him up
how was he oh good job yeah oh hi hi no
we didn't leave him here but look at
this chairs this does it rock it looks
like it should rock so funny now he was
good at the whole meeting
weren't you buddy yeah let's do this
let's just let's not forget this via
this morning we actually just came to LA
had a couple of things to do at
fullscreen and now we're gonna grab
lunch and head back look at this
beautiful bright pink tree spring has
sprung in California you guys it's crazy
and if you look closely you can see oh
there we go yeah these bees everywhere I
don't know if you can see but they're
literally beasts all over there that
looks scary
we are gonna grab some food at urban
plate sweetheart in Playa Vista and that
we got up super early this morning had a
super early meeting at full screen
ahead of us got to eat we actually
dropped Ollie off
Mimi and Papa and she came out with a
group a bunch of bananas because we were
like shaking her so her
oh that's cool Wow so create now oh yeah
this was a really good choice you guys I
got a steak sandwich with mac and cheese
and chips
Missy got chicken and salad you like it
I know the steak is good medium-rare you
got a chicken sandwich this is cool
hi ollie hi I love you oh yeah yeah did
you miss me maybe a pop are here oh
maybe a pop are here did you play in the
jungle we built a little jungle over
there huh
show miss what are you doing right now
yeah
what are you eating oh is this your
lunch
you got a popsicle pancakes and an apple
what did you do today buddy hmm
me me pop up me me papa came over and
then what happened oh okay a guy hi you
played with the gun outside oh that's
cool Ali what are these we're gonna make
orange juice um do you like ones juice
yeah yeah okay if you hold the oranges
yeah that's so cool Iron Man gonna help
us yeah yeah okay Holly actually just
learned that he likes orange juice yes I
gave it to him a couple days ago and he
really liked it
honestly this is like the kind of he'll
bet it's like the best
doesn't even compare to the other ones
juice so alright we've got I don't even
know I'm they were this here I'm gonna
say like maybe almost like 20 or even
and we're gonna squeeze them all so all
you do is you just push it down
where'd it go it's all in there
I
okay once juice yeah
Oh
Oh
and there you have it after straining I
lost quite a bit I think it was like up
to here but there was a lot of coal
binet like I said and then I just cut up
a few oranges to make it kind of look
pretty
and then there's Bryan's Roy's shoes for
the next couple days okay
I do too but I don't drink as much as he
does and so it's basically for him well
good regular Bree van de Kamp haha maybe
eight go over there okay and make him
come this way
no you gotta keep holdin okay pull them
babies cute baby eight you top money go
won't you hold him hey hi baby
oh hey Oh
bb8 you like ollie yes he says yes he
does and pity good you answered the gun
no he doesn't
Craig you want to play with the gun Hey
a tea caddy huh he says no oh yes he
does want to eat candy huh yes oh you're
betting in Oh a judge do please head
back on
Oh is he gonna go play yeah
hey come this is like training
we do starting to grab things he's a
robot what do you think a bb-8 Finn oh
he likes you
did you know you went and saw Star Wars
with us yes you did you really enjoyed
it too you didn't make a peep you
wouldn't be Finn likes bb-8 alright guys
it is at that time of the night did you
have a fun day back yeah I love you
thanks again to experience for
sponsoring this video and helping us
learn what helps and hurts our credit
make sure you guys check out the link
below and check out Experian comm slash
education we are so excited that we are
starting a new phase in our life looking
for a house is such a big deal and we
are excited thanks for your kiss baby
alright guys I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video give a thumbs up if you
did and we'll see you guys tomorrow what
do you say
all right you
ah you can run
from the things they say
boy down
