how do you say good morning good morning
you get your shoes off already little
stinker morning guys we are off to the
store well first I'm going to pick up my
mom possibly right dad and we are gonna
go get potty training stuff I've been
looking forward to this day for a long
time but I really wanted to do it so
it's very specific so that he knew we
were going to the store to pick out all
kinds of new fun stuff to learn how to
go potty are you excited yeah because
when you go potty we get to dance and
run and eat candy huh
eat candy that's really the only true
way to it's hard but first traffic so
much traffic is so crazy
Ollie what are you doing if anyone's
gonna get dizzy his dad like that okay
toddler wearing you has been late again
mr. Finn your ride is ready 101 hopping
on with Papa sound good yeah that's good
Papa's doing some babywearing how does
it feel it's pretty comfortable huh
there he fits very nicely on it and it
looks really good on you I headed into
byebye baby right now
Antion all your already headed in
we're here to check out all their baby
potty training tools that they have here
they got lots of stuff oh you're gonna
put the toys how about Holly should we
go look at some potty stuff yeah let's
go look
all right we've made it to the full
potty training area they are little
potty than my cute thank you I love it
it even flushes you see that it's like a
big boy potty look can you flush it
you're gonna hold it pretend you just
pretend to say wow that's pretty cool
all right dad Tyler look at this book
just babies wear diapers diapers are wet
and smelly oh but look at me I'm a big
boy I wear underpants yeah it's fun to
sit on the toilet sometimes I stand like
daddy I'd like to do wheeze and poos in
my toilet
look what we found we found underwear
for you ollie oh thank you
all right which kinds you want we got we
got the doggies we got Star Wars there's
a minions you know do you like minions
yeah and then what else do we have here
uh here's here's Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mouse you like Mickey Mouse he's like
you could take minions okay you want the
doggy one this one's missing okay hey
what do you think is he's cute little at
oh yeah II like your hat I'm gonna make
this kid a hat boy he needs to go
golfing I know the poem with um all he
never worse wears hats he refused to
wear hats so I'm going to make you a hat
baby got it you're gonna wear hats all
the time oh my gosh throwback Thursday
buddy do you see this
hashtag they're like this it Oh any was
that is so funny oh my gosh I'm
literally getting this right now
you say Papa oh yeah and is in my garage
with a clamp on I'm blowing him back
together uh-huh
is not very good I might be having a
little bit too much fun and baby baby
what do you think it is they're kind of
girly huh I've got I've got a boy one
over here but they're in a box so I
wanted to see we are back at Mimi and
Papa's and earlier we were looking at
these and I have my camera so I want to
show you them there are little peaches
that growing on the piece trade you see
that they're very fuzzy and they're just
button up the so cool there's tons of
them all over this tree how neat is that
but yeah and this is all coming back
this all got super cut back when we were
building there was like no green on this
and now it's just blooming like crazy
and see many cool it can be like a
little forest back here in no time
look at that isn't this cool they'll
probably make it so it like almost goes
over and they can put like maybe some
benches and stuff in here for like the
kids to like do a picnic and stuff my
dad's still working on the little house
he's getting ready to put shingles on
here pretty soon and he's just been
working on it like crazy it's so cute I
just love it
hey what are you doing a spider yucky
paddies yeah I don't play with spiders
kay hey there okay you ready
here we go
haha did he get you did he get you wait
wait wait wait are you gonna score me
you gonna squirt me Angie you want to
play on the swing set yeah Nancy's gonna
go play on the swings Ollie yeah that
one's really fun yeah we we like that
one
God you okay uncle can you go on the
swings uncle uncle is gonna go on the
swings what do you think of that he's a
little freaked out just a little freaked
out gotcha gotcha toys yeah get your
toes ah getcha toes
oh shut that telescope all a so you can
see close a gun oh and look up your
auntie's nose yeah yeah Hollywood you
get yeah yeah yo me your dinos you got
dinos for the shower oh that's cool
ah that's just that's a triceratops and
this is a t-rex
I think hey did mommy get you some new
underwear yeah let's go see what she got
you so we got a potty training book
boy's potty time cool we got some minion
underwear I watch out minion underwear
we've got a cheeky Mouse underwear cool
thanks so much cool potty stuff Olly
we got paw patrol or doggy underwear
paw patrol underwear crown not these
training underwears or like a little bit
thicker that way if he pees it maybe
like will absorb it a little bit more
that's so cool did they have any paw
Patrol or Mickey Mouse underwear in my
size I didn't see it dang big potty whoa
my size potty looks and sounds like the
real deal okay we can open it it's so
cool that he went peepee on the potty
yesterday and now we can get all these
cool potty training things and maybe
it'll help him out a little bit
auntie's always got her trusty knife
ready to open anything that is so cool
like weights in it
okay so cool he's just to be flushing it
all the time regardless of whether those
people were being their Ally I am so
jealous of your new underwear this is so
cool look at this one has minions all
over it this one has Mickey Mouse look
at that
he's what is he swinging he's on a tire
swing on the back that's genius
Ollie went peepee hey guess what now you
get to flush it flush it I'm so happy I
so fun show me sucker
you got your sucker Kayla investing
smaller son yes we saw doctor there's
only one I can find is now I don't why
didn't get some earlier can you jump up
it down because you're so excited yeah
so cool dude yeah
all right you guys before we end today's
vlog we have a couple more people that
we need to give awesome verbal shoutouts
who donated to the anchor Cambodia fund
in December thank you to all of these
wonderful amazing people these are
people who donated to the campaign and
we just want to say a very huge thank
you we couldn't do it without people
like you big thanks to Shanna Parodi
Keesler kids gabrielle Hernandez Louise
Rosendahl Julia Gephardt Luke corns
Bridget's Kojak Adrianna Sarah
saying Laura Wooten Haden Ella and
Amelia straight hailey cool Emma
Armstrong Larisa McNab Farah Magnolia
and how Joel Carrie Brandi Michelle
Jones Claire Bailey Kelly Mekhi Casey
bat Hannon Islander Madeline cook
Kristina Brown Melissa Perkins Shults
family male weblink Meredith Owens avid
DeLuca Maddy Riley Kristy Davis Jessica
Eastridge April Clawson and Kylie Kim no
Sarah Edgecombe Monica Matson Hayley
languor Angela trickler the multi Bunch
the multiple Bunch thank you guys
Wendy Smith Katy Wiesler Austin Cheryl
you guys are awesome teri holder Shaw be
sudden Cecelia garner Emma Duggar
Jameson key Kate Richards Reagan back
Sarah savory the love drove family
Elizabeth Ines tail elope hook Sarah car
Dwayne Richards on behalf of denial
Richards Karen hacked Brooke Miller
Kirsten burns Taylor Louviere Avila
Wheatley Harley in Dallas Danielson the
Lee family
Lucy circus Rebecca King Julian Stokes
Kimberly Morris thank you guys so much
Briana Bay's Courtney Jones Kendra day
Emily most guys are awesome McKenzie
Skinner Marcy Bailey River and Beth Beth
and luskey Elizabeth page talent fab
azza couldn't do it without you guys
Sophie Foster Lauren Harmony tag Lurie
making Shaw's Lisa Ellsbury Josh Sara
Harvey David Rice and thank you guys
Ilana dough check
Laurie Westfall Keary Werner Gina
Cunningham Ryan Austin Nielsen it's the
Taylor crew
Jessi combs Natalie Lajoie thank you
guys
Caitlin Clare Alexander de maras Benitez
Katie and Mar no Cynthia Chan Elaine
Turner thank you guys so much
Loreen dates and Kate Willis and
Veronica so seriously we appreciate all
you guys
y'all are fantastic and we love you
Holly what are you we in for dinner
pancakes yay and you're drinking Dino
juice that could be Dino pee huh guys so
much watching taste video if you enjoyed
be sure to click that thumbs up button
subscribe leave a comment all that good
stuff
Olli what do you say just keep walking
with one foot in front of the other the
journey may seem rough the world is
yours
leave your now
raise your
take a deep breath
and make the job
you might be scared and
