ooh he says good morning Bauval you got
him oh and now you did you capitated him
good morning guys this morning I am
actually making some breakfast as you
guys know I actually just got over being
sick so I feel like I might actually be
able to eat this and I'm really excited
I tried to eat a meal yesterday and it
did not work out and it's not that I'm
getting sick it's just that um I have
like no appetite
I'm making biscuits and gravy this
morning Missy is upstairs in bed not
feeling well at all I think she may have
like a much more mild version of what
Ollie and I happen and just so you guys
are up to speed on what's happening all
he got sick he got me very sick Missy's
dad got sick
Jimmy her brother got sick she's sick
and we actually learned this morning
that Jeffery is very sick as well so
this thing is definitely making its
rounds around the family which is really
just sucks
Jeffery has the girls and ties out of
town basically told him look if you have
it the girls probably have it so I think
the girls are gonna come over here
because we basically have sanitized the
entire downstairs that it lives on
surfaces for up to two weeks unless you
clean it up and you have to clean it off
with bleach there's some orange juice
for you buddy is it good what else you
eaten for breakfast hey cake pancakes he
loves those mini pancakes yeah these are
stamps yeah yeah these are Valentine's
Day stamps biscuits and gravy is looking
good I got my gravy got my sausage and
this gets our just about ready as well
we
have Payton and Olivia over right now
and we are currently coloring I was like
you know what it might be smart to have
them come here because they've really
already been hanging out with all eight
for the past two days anyways so they're
gonna get sick they're probably gonna
get sick anyways and then maybe they
won't
and they won't infect us because we've
already had it all always been better
for like the past 72 hours Brian's been
really good for at least 24 hours so
we're hoping that no one else gets sick
okay let's not get sick so anyways we
got some old coloring I'm gonna make
them some lunch right now crew is going
upstairs
cuz it is nap time if yeah hey you guys
ready for nap time don't shut the gate
on me silly don't you shut the gate on
me silly don't you shut you have the
girls you still need a liver gonna lay
with you is that okay alright things
like no well no I'm gonna go in the
other room alright you're gonna sleep in
here okay okay the kids have been
playing really well together okay no one
is getting sick so that's good I think
we're all officially over it you've been
cleaning all day and getting organized
this kid you just took a good little nap
did you hi hi you're gonna crawl right
off that little elephant aren't you yes
you are hi buddy it's always up from his
nap which he did not not very long did
you would you fine yeah oh there's a
water gun in here
all right but it has to stay outside
okay all right
he wanted to come explore outside we
have not hung out here very much since
it's been winter and just chillier and
so it is such a mess out here look at
these puddles of water it's cold it's
chilly this water whoa that's cold no
you don't need any water NIM I don't
know why you're swimming right now bud
come on come on out oh you actually have
a bath in like 30 minutes did you know
that schedule one of those grooming
services to actually come to your house
and they do everything right outside
your home in their little truck just cuz
cars isn't like going to like the Petco
like grooming places because they
usually keep them there way too long I
think it's just a little bit stressful
so I thought this would be nice so you
just come right to your house plus we
really can't be leaving for the next
couple days so this really makes a
convenient feel to be careful Oh be
careful
the cold God called someone is excited
are you excited okay okay I have a very
special surprise for Olivia and Ollie
Peyton is still sleeping so she's
missing out but I was like that girl's
probably gonna sleep for like three more
hours because that's what she does
Ollie are you excited for my surprise
I've been wanting to do this for a while
Olivia and Ollie both watch those videos
where they open the chocolate eggs with
the toys on YouTube all the time they're
obsessed with them I took the liberty of
ordering ordering a couple and these
ones are really cool so these ones are
Toy Story and these ones are Pixar so I
think I'm gonna have all the open one
from here or maybe two from here and
we'll have live open two from here these
are the zany brand your choice yeah that
there's toys inside of them yeah yeah
this one has Mike from Monsters Inc on
it and this one has buzz on it but we're
not sure if that's who's gonna be it so
those are your two things okay and then
all he's gonna be opening these two Toy
Story ones the chocolate so you get a
chocolate egg right chocolate a with
trash haha
hold up egg it smells so good so just
like dark choc cannot open it yeah whoa
Chuck so it's inside yes it's a little
container
how's the chocolate okay good
who'd you get who'd you get Nimmo
you got Nemo you want I hear Liv got
Nemo from Finding Nemo and you can
collect all those from the Pixar
collection yeah that's cool there you go
that one's yours oh you gotta crack it
open crack it open buddy thank you open
yeah there you go I'm gonna help you
yeah whoa
that's insane this is chocolate good
yeah yeah hold on
who is it oh it's huggsy from Toy Story
oh yeah you got a tap you take the time
here you go eat the chocolate and look
at you guys got lots of chocolate left -
can I try some live yeah it's good
chocolate wow it's so cool now we gotta
collect all of them all right we're
gonna open the second round of eggs all
he's got another Toy Story one and Liv
you got another Pixar one so let's open
them let's open them
woman help you can see if you can crack
the egg this time oh oh he did it I did
it good job
who did you get who did you get
he got squeaky dog Wow whoa all you got
slinky nice I'm Toy Story
yeah I'm not open my mommy oh hey didn't
you use the chocolate who are you hoping
you got girl fish for me oh you hope you
got dory that'd be cool then you'd have
the set just calculus so good it took
until do you meal please yeah I'm with
ya ah what's in the bag looks like a
little dumpy it's a turtle
okay that's me Oh feels really cool feel
it looks like rubbery ins yeah Oh give
it um there's like a little hook taken
um maybe you can make a necklace yeah
that's cool
it's got an extra bonus egg
who'd you get what you get you got sorry
that's who you wanted yes my wish come
can only say ham hey you got ham he'll
join his Toy Story friends over here and
this one actually not really needs to
learn rubber though that's interesting
so you got all fighting Nemo and you got
all Toy Story ones Holi
yeah yeah it's like he's in the water on
the blue huh
karma just got back from the groomers
and he looks so handsome look cute you
love him you look handsome karma Wow oh
is it any good
he just looks clean I don't know what it
is you just look very clean doesn't dump
and dump it so all the kids have been
playing so well today Peyton and Olivia
have not gotten sick or felt sick at all
so we thought it might be better to have
them just stay at our house instead of
go back to their house cuz Jeffrey's
still sick sleepover time he's
definitely getting better but still it
probably just one more night being able
to relax will be really nice for himself
yeah we'll help him get better Sebastian
so we're gonna let them spend a night
which always really exciting are you
girls so excited to see the night Yeti
turn out the light don't push the button
adventure this barefoot fritters those
are all like the best books ever yeah I
think this one right ears yeah Yeti is
Ali's personal favorite oh you like that
ones we're gonna like that one
you can't hurry we clean the Attic and
try on old clothes
and we build a bridge out of branches
over
you
now we're going to call yeah okay the
compound or the resist then we got to
lose that okay ah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead
and end it here if you did enjoyed
today's vlog be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe and leave a comment
thanks for watching today's vlog we'll
see ya
you'll like it
j√∂rgen watch yourself back
