good morning guys today is the day
finished trying out his new car seat
what do you think of it buddy he's bored
happy Saturday everybody we are hanging
out with the Sly Fox Pam once I got
Andrew Hanna Zack and Caspian Jaden and
Caspian and Jaden brought some cool toys
for Olli what do you have Olly no it's a
poop and I know you put jelly beans and
edit boobs
Caspian you always have the coolest toys
what is that it's a turtle oh wow cool
Olly Olly is not in do Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles yeah
the show is quite violent we are at
Freebirds right now mrs. Beckett on a
burrito
then just finished his burrito he like
plowed through an entire free bird great
I was like they should have got that on
camera hit pretty good yeah I actually
got something different I got a burrito
bowl which basically just everything
layered at the burrito and then we put
these crunchy strips on top and then I
saw what Andrew got it I was like oh oh
oh that looks oh that looks pretty good
dude
I got you Lindsay's not sucka Jaden and
Ollie just did a face swap live look at
that beauty that is little Clarence
you're so proud of yourself that's so
cute
these kids have so much fun when they're
together so funny
alright we are walking around the mall
with the Sly Fox fam and we're in
William Sonoma all the kids are
decorating cookies you know that one too
but we'll color frosting so it sticks I
get this one green green okay good job
you're like you want green cool huh whoa
Casper you got a bunny over here a bunny
a pink bunny a pink fluffy bunny is look
yummy Christmas bunny so cool star they
like make like decorate cookies and
stuff here
oh cool you like it Ollie my kid does
not mess around here why don't you pick
it up here just pick it up with your
hands I'll hold it you pick it up and
then take a bite there you go Jaden is
the official stroller pusher
I'll eat soon enough you're going to be
big and then you're going to be pushing
Finn's stroller okay we are all headed
over to build-a-bear
with the kids all he's done this before
but we don't have one for Finn
so we're thinking all he could do one
for Finn we have arrived to the build a
bit of workshop so many options so many
possibilities How to Train Your Dragon
who what is this Jayden do you know what
this is what is it are you not a fan no
getting soaked butter my little oh my
goodness yes Star Wars this needs to
happen Oh a bb-8 one would be fantastic
one it
I love Chewbacca oh yeah I think we're
doing Chewbacca
you want to do a two-bagger one look at
it and see it's so adorable can we do it
I love this Darth Vader one
you know the needs so I'm doing
Chewbacca I'm doing Darth Vader actually
can fit ok no Chewbacca choose
money-minded I think alright we found a
little lightsaber for Darth Vader bear
and BBA oh you found a bb-8
oh you want to step on the pedal whoa
it scared him we are filling it up with
laughs it's gonna make him come to life
shaken up hi hey shake the heart shake
the heart all a kiss a kiss a kiss again
take it down el burrito chug it take it
down low take it down here there you go
there we go we're getting Chewbacca all
filled up
I'll just put it in he needs a heart
check out my Chewbacca eye you guys and
watch this or listen to this he's got a
little boxing in that makes noise - I
love it it's cool Ollie we got a you got
a lightsaber for your Darth Vader cool
and what did you do Jaden for your who's
that this is chase from paw Patrol
Caspian would you do let me see what you
made a bunny that's so and you named it
Sofia oh you guys this kid is such a
lover that's cute
all he's like I want the guy who kills
people Caspian Jaden and Ollie all got
their bears and little backpacks and
what do we do we jump jump jump with
them you guys are cute
alright the train has just left and we
are getting ready to all hop on it never
done the train here at the mall and
Ollie is very excited to be on the train
that's Andrew
these two feed off each other it's
hilarious look at them alright Olly
we're going to get on the train with all
your friends he's gonna ride back here
with you guys kay hop in buddy
be good okay we have chosen the blue car
then is this your first train ride he's
like your first train ride hi Buddy
Holly I see you hi buddy
here we go you hear that
here we go
I bet Papa could fill the Train like
this a little tractor
but on the pulley
like I don't have to be in a car seat
hell yeah I'm enjoying myself Holly how
was that was that fun yeah you wrote
right there
I'm this cool little train alright you
guys we were back home and it something
amazing actually happened Ollie fell
asleep on the way here which is always
great because I carried him straight to
his bed and he is asleep and happy as
can be but for now I think we are done
for the night but before we end today's
vlog I did want to say that if you guys
don't know who the Sly Fox fam is
definitely go check them out they run
Sly Fox threads which is a really cool
clothing business and then they also
have a really great vlog here on
youtubes so I'll have them linked down
below please go check them out ahlian
cast me and our really great friends and
they actually have a really cool blog up
of everything we did today so you can
kind of see everything from a different
angle which is always cool so make sure
that you go subscribe to them because
they are awesome but for now I think
we're going to end today's vlog if you
enjoyed it please give it a thumbs up
and subscribe leave a comment all that
fun stuff and I'm gonna go ahead and let
fin and today's vlog fin is hanging out
with his best bear buddies look at this
look at this fin oh he's like so
skeptical and then what about you Baca
look at you Baca what is that good job
man alright we're gonna have today's
vlog say bye
just keep walking with one foot in front
of the other the journey may seem rough
the world is yours
praise your
take a deep breath
the job
might be scared
Oh
