good morning guys
me and Kathy are out and about and we're
running some errands you've got both
kids in the back they're being good
which is always a plus it Cassie's
you're excited this morning thank you
guys once again for your subscribing to
our channel I have right now at this one
like 58,000 that is just like I can't be
going say is someone say all right
lights green K check you later baby take
a morning's how was your nap you think I
don't care where the Dinos go what dinos
are you looking for legs your t-rex you
love dinos come on let's go look for I
think it's downstairs come on so excited
to look for sales hey guys how's it
going
day is a fun day we are actually taking
Jimmy out on a triple date with him and
a girl Missy is hooking him up with a
lady friend and so we're just getting
ready for that tonight but in the
meantime this kid needs to find his Dino
huh yeah we need to find that Dino right
now it's the most important thing ever
right now oh there's Arlo oh that's what
you're looking for it is broken I don't
know what he did with it so this is like
a little dinosaur puppet actually really
cool it was Caspian what Oh
earlier today we went out with Caspian
and they were eating suckers and playing
with Dinosaurs this was cash means he
took out all of the teeth so it has no
teeth it's very sad I know and then oli
course chewed on it on the way here so
uh I'm really sorry Caspian I hope you
didn't want this dinosaur back did he
give this to you what as a present yeah
yeah he did it he wasn't expecting it
back yeah you really want a sucker today
and a hug joke I
love you I love you oh you guys have to
see his lip it looks way better here lay
down let me show you let me show him
your lip so the little scab that was on
his lip has fallen off and it looks
beautiful look at that you guys I don't
think that's gonna leave a scar at all
your lip looks a lot better does it feel
good yeah yeah
no more fallin okay we love you we want
you to be happy and healthy happy
healthy
you really want to succor his laughs are
so cute
comment come on her tail in his face
yeah he uh Finley likes the dog tails in
his face yeah he does I love this onesie
babe it's like constellations but does
the animals
what hi Gazoo Oh
all right Missy and I are all ready for
our triple date have you ever been on a
triple date with two other couples this
is gonna be interesting huh yes we're
actually going on a triple date it's
gonna be Missy
me Geoffrey Natalya and then Jimmy and
the girl named Sarah her name's Sarah I
have some fun have dinner should be a
fun time
you mean pop I'm gonna take care of
these two so I haven't I can I just say
you and I haven't even been on a date
alone without Finn Kylie well I guess we
did Valentine's Day I just got to work
about it one minute
oh this is like I want you to see okay
yeah we're about to hit 1.2 million
subscribers 1.999 night
well there it is one point to get
subscribers Holly said yeah
hey Vinnie we just hit 1.2 million
subscribers holy cow thank you guys like
we just hit a million is he look at that
one way dude look at that
that's not nice by the way Jimmy is also
going to be building us a new live
subscriber box he's gonna make it match
the plaques that YouTube sends us so you
couldn't forget that'd be really cool so
we're leaving these two would Mimi and
Papa is it go-kart racing racing but I
definitely want to take things back so
I'm gonna leave him for a couple hours
during that he loves pets koi and then
for dinner my parents are gonna have
dinner like close to us with this let me
take him for dinner so I can like feet
in and take care of him and then I'm
gonna give them back to my parents and
they go home and then world oh yeah
so hopefully that works hey hey Duke ray
don't worry
chuckles ooh don't bad that's a that's
the teddy bear okay guys the first thing
we're doing today is we should go hey
that's right we are here at pole
position pole position yeah yeah and
we're gonna be racing this is a cool
little track supposedly they're really
really fast yeah the track is yeah it's
pretty I'm really excited to do it again
we've got Sarah here this is who's
hanging out with us today and we're
gonna go race I'm excited
six places Sara 55th with Masika down
okay there okay okay oh that was me that
was me and third we have Natalie and
Elias there you go good job towel I
thought you had I thought I had your
third leg Jimmy Oh Samia Mario Jeff
school that's all right bro I think you
need to pick up a trophy
we just finished dinner and now we are
eating dessert it's your horse got a
chocolate cookie yes we got the type of
cookie with Jeff yes oh yes oh yeah the
Tigers always call me Jeff yeah and my
friends have always called me Jeff yeah
because I didn't like Jeffrey cuz it was
like a little kidney yeah yeah taya is
like please call her yeah yeah don't
know him by Jeff stores in the whole
like naming your kid the same name is
their dad I think I just confused
well I think that but like Jimmy's the
same way Jimmy it's we all call him to
me but I like when he's out and about he
calls like you haven't we hugged him he
had to make a decision at me what are
people gonna call me yeah and we still
don't know so people call you mostly
James right that's so I'm like you're
not James like I'm never probably never
more just out yeah or down Jeff yeah I'm
probably called him where I was getting
at when I yeah sorry Jeff stole my
desert partner yes yes and you stole his
see you guys are having what cameras too
and then they got hmm what are they are
they chocolate I haven't tried am in
charge a great idea let me go for the
vlog Jimmy anyway is it an olive that's
me did you try it
no okay I'm glad we got the cookie is
what we got alright we have returned
home from a really fun date to a sleepy
thin hmm which is nice look at that
means del some my mom and dad actually
brought him to the restaurant I fed him
and then they took him home and he
actually did really good so actually
perfect my mom and dad are the bus like
who who has like parents you like yeah
I'll bring them to you you can see him
in the taken Patrick leg thank you
you're a nice it was really nice that we
got was only been able to do that like
twice yeah sometimes it just is just
really nice that were able to
do that with my brother and with Jeffrey
Natalia it was really cool so I'm gonna
fun and all I did really good he's
asleep
yes all he's asleep now hopefully he
stays in his room past 1:00 a.m. cuz I
give us the one yeah she just get climbs
into our bed and I cannot sleep oh you
can oh it's a noxious yeah like it isn't
it's not a good like habit or anything
but it's so cute we climb ceilings
hi mama like come something like you
guys it would please not make me give me
a kiss I'm like hi baby
and then we cuddle for a minute he
sleeps thank you yeah you know my babies
anyway we're gonna go to end today's
vlog hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
be sure to give it a big thumbs up and
subscribe and leave a comment and we
will see you manana oh and if you guys
are not subscribed to Jeffrey and
Natalia they've walked a little bit
tonight so I'll house their channel link
down below so you can subscribe to them
too thanks for watching see ya bye
in all the places we've go now
the troubles we'd overcome
very easily tear down in all
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
