good morning guys last night was pretty
rough Ollie was very sick it took him
like two hours to get him down for bed
after we after missing I got back from
our Valentine's Day date um and he was
just fussing so much and he would be
asleep and we'd leave and he'd get up
and just start crying and run out of his
room so finally we were able to put him
to bed in our bed and then he threw up
everywhere he threw up all over our bed
but luckily Missy had actually just
stripped our bed of the sheets and the
comforter so he literally just threw up
on the liner that goes on top of the
mattress which was like best-case
scenario so then all night while we were
sleeping
he was just like throwing up and not
throwing up any food because he had
already done that all night in and out
of the shower in and out of our bed and
out of his bed he's just poor little guy
was just not feeling very well pretty
horrible today we actually were gonna
have plans to go take him to this really
cool dinosaur exhibit but I think given
the state that he's in right now is
probably not the best thing to do I
think he is feeling a lot better this
morning we just don't think we should be
rushing out of town but today we're just
gonna hang tight good morning don't do
that don't eat your fingers hands are
not food fan hands are not food oh good
morning Ollie
how'd you sleep good come here come give
me a hug
you want to play with bb-8 yeah oh are
you feeling better
yeah well my poor sick guy my poor sick
guy only were you sick last night yeah
you're throwing up
doing color what that day yeah I gotta
have your brother - I'll cuddle both UK
okay oh there we go
comfy yeah okay yeah Finn was not having
it anywhere he wouldn't lay down you
want to sit down so I had to put him on
me it's the only way I could even eat
something this morning you want to play
the BBA okay well I'm charging him as
soon as it's done charging we can play
okay okay okay I love you I'm sorry you
had such a rough night yeah lay down
close your eyes relax
good morning guys I am in this playroom
it is still such a bus from yesterday's
Valentine's Day fun Olly is up and
looking much dapper how you feelin how
you feel how do you feel good you're
eating a little snack which is good a
little protein bar okay I'll hold you
gotta hold all the kids um so yeah he is
doing a lot better right now but he's
still not 100% be no no you need to be
nice
don't do that cake nice he's still not
had a present but he is getting there
and hopefully it was just a little bit
more rest he'll go he'll get there but
he's eating he's drinking and that is
really nice hey happy yeah he's happy
and I just got made out with by karna
here all these throwing all of the balls
out of the trampoline and I'm throwing
them back in papa has quite the ball
collection going on there you go you're
all done but I just got all the balls in
there for ya yeah no go to put the ball
in here and he's just pulling it around
he knows it's a little under yeah you
can't get it from down there but good
get a quarter about that one oh he knows
it's this one too and not the other
orange one I like spitting it off his
nose like that was on Mike this one has
this on line hahaha maybe balls some
baby balls out so this is a really
interesting tree this is called a ball
tree it grows small tennis balls right
on the tree you can easily pluck them
down when they're ready are you ready
yep oh look at that
it's ready hey Kota
one of your tennis balls or a ripe don't
play with one of these come here ready
ready go get it
no Koda is actually obsessed with the
tennis ball to the point where it you
just have to hide them because you're
like nope I'm done playing we've been
playing for five hours so you just stick
it right in there now you've got a
tennis ball tree this little sinker
right here was just sitting on my lap
and then all of a sudden I feel wetness
all over my wig and he had moved I'm
telling you hooped all over me
yeah it was absolutely disgusting that
was machi I have poop on my pant look at
this that is poop on my pants right now
I need go home so we actually picked up
these popsicles today and they are
Pedialyte or let you like like basically
popsicles I like cherry yeah I get it a
lot I don't want ooze Oh like I think
that's a red blue or I all you want a
popsicle
which one you want point to it orange
one oh the orange ones right here you
can see scribed over will give you this
one okay hey go look now I'm cold huh
okay okay we'll open it we gotta go cut
it all right we're gonna cut this open I
always ever had a yeah I think you that
is that your mom's house but these have
a good kind so this will actually help
like replenish any I'm vitamin King
stuff
I know if it's vitamins it was a life I
might basically it'll I'm rehydrate one
spot meddler 30lb hydrate him since he's
not feeling very good it'll be good room
sushi
yes since all he hasn't been feeling
very well we figured this is probably a
good thing for him to comes out see ya I
just comes out on can you suck on it
aunty you may need to teach him cuz
you're a pro see you just got it you
gotta like bite and then pull it out
that make sense he's like I know take a
bite of it oli yeah there you go
see that's cool huh it's like I'm into
this good it's cold it's very cold shake
it yeah let me get a paper towel and
wrap it so it'll be so cold you can lay
down and eat that buddy lay down right
here we have him with a pillow and
blinky and he is all set up watching the
peanuts movie with a popsicle make it
not so cold that better there you go
that is a life kid
poor guy yeah we need understanding the
whole I know the concept of it this
little guy did not not much today and so
he's been tossed out on me and my dad
and everyone else who's been here for
like a few maybe like an hour an F so
now it's kind of the cutest thing ever
is he so tired Danny still need to clean
up the that playroom
anyways always in the bf and I think
Ryan's practicing some guitar let's go
spy on him
hey Brian
so Brian has his new game yeah I got
Rocksmith which is basically like a game
for the ps4 and you hook your guitar
into it that's so cool it teaches you
how to play that's pretty neat yeah this
is about picking and I don't have pics
oh that was my fault
that's gonna guy ate them see this a
tuner yeah fingers as it takes the
string we watch the Grammys tonight and
Tori Kelly sing which is probably one of
friends like biggest inspirations and
she's playing a Taylor guitar that looks
exactly the same except it has a little
cutout right there where yeah but
otherwise it looks exactly the same
and I was like white boys yeah I don't
believe this has ever happened before
he is so tired he just fell asleep while
you were reading it I read in the good
dinosaur which he loves guys don't push
the button which made him smile a little
bit he's not like 100% yet I never had
where the Waltons are which is a weird
book by the time I was done I looked
over and he was like asleep mm-hmm I
think he's like right on the edge so I
can kill it he was like after finally
yeah the light off though poor little
guy
hopefully tomorrow is better for him
today was a rough day it'll be a little
better I think he's already feeling a
little better but hopefully hopefully by
tomorrow Phil Phil I never said I love
you I love you
oh is it our pillow
j√∂rgen got yourself acting
the things they say
you'll never change
y'all
