I don't know what's going on all you did
I let you eat too much candy
hey good morning it is a fun Saturday
mom wants chocolate milk I'm gonna make
you some chocolate milk and what else
are we making you yeah what kind of
something always saying oh god Ines
you're right as icing army Dinos we're
making oatmeal Dinos you guys actually
treated me and minded me that there's an
opening out there where they start out
as eggs and then once you cook them
this little dinosaur and say we can find
them where I day there's some oh okay
there's Dino eggs it's probably a little
warm right now Oh
mmm that good yeah he pretty much loves
this oatmeal because they're Dino eggs
and then they crack open and become
dinosaurs it is pretty cool and pretty
genius if you ask me I'm able to get up
just a few minutes before the kids woke
up and get ready and then I threw all in
the shower so that I could finish
getting ready
do you just hang out with your binky's
yeah are you gonna hang out with Mama
today if you guys don't know I actually
um broke a camera yesterday like really
really broke it so we only have one
camera so today I'm headed out with the
girls and I'm gonna do love a shopping
just kind of hang out with them but I
don't have a camera so I'm pretty much
going to be camera less today which
would be
really weird because I'm very really
camera-less I am making me a delicious
breakfast I'm making me some toast and
half chocolate I'm going to try and
quickly scarf this down before I have to
me at my aunt's house in like just be
there in ten minutes and I'm probably
gonna be a little bit like Finn in this
adorable little romper of course this
was always at one point so I'm sure we
could do a side by side of Olli in this
exact outfit and your zogu he barely
still fits it is a little bit tight it's
like the perfect size and you look so
cute hey Olli I got a surprise for you
are you excited yeah what do you think
it is yeah he said I'm right back seven
keeping it a secret I got you some
little cumin you're welcome
you like umm so these are little cumin
they're like little magnetic figurines
and they all stick to each other Olli
yes you can pull them off pull it off
see yeah and then you can put them there
they stick to each other cuz they're
magnetic what do you think do you like
um yeah caffeine actually has a bunch of
these and he took them out to dinner
once when we went with them and they
were throwing them everywhere and
they're sticking to the metal and oli
was loving it so I found a little pack
online they're super hard to find um
because I think they're pretty rare
actually okay look look at each one
comes off see you have a red purple blue
green pink blue and orange oh yeah that
need yeah and the green look at the
green and pink pull the grab the green
one grab it are you guys stick it yeah
like at that whoa
it was stick it to them - whoa they're
like acrobatic huh
stick one stick come on
whoa it's not cool
well those are yours buddy have fun
playing with him okay baby okay
oh look at that one it's stuck to your
your mirror go get it that one's stuck
on the on the mirror yeah and then you
can put those ones on it too oh these
ones are all stuck down there stick them
on there they'll stick to anything metal
oh no get up get up get up
Ollie look or else I'll stick on your
light see their magnetic can you say
magnetic yeah that was pretty close
outfit of the day time ollie is ready
for the day we've got his black converse
high tops some black skinny jeans which
are actually soft they're like
sweatpants and they're super thin and
his boys bugs dirts hugs shirt that's a
Sly Fox thread shirt and it fits him
really good and I love the way it looks
a style what do you got in your hands a
Q man
Kimmy q man has he decided that he
wanted to take the green Q man over to
Mimi and Papa's we're gonna go and play
for just a bit I am also all ready for
the day here's what I'm wearing I got my
black shoes khaki khaki joggers which
are my go-to lately because they're like
thin and really comfortable and then
I've got black shirt and today I'm
reppin my giving key necklace today I
chose the hope one take Q man over to
Mimi and Papa's okay okay let's go Olly
where's your cue man yeah what did you
stick him to that why'd you do that
silly all right well at least I found
him here you go oh no no don't push the
button
don't push the button I know Papa's
making you something really special but
we got to be patient okay
he's so good at this root oh my goodness
he is a pro you got all your dinos ah
you forgot um come on up okay I got the
ball okay we got the ball up here come
on
oh come on up here come on up here look
at that all their dinosaurs are eating
the corn he's eating it he needs his
veggies for the day
num-num I don't know if I've ever walked
up here you guys this is really cool
we're high up huh this is your little
Clubhouse oh oh
throw your Dino down there yeah throw
him down there so he goes for slide whoo
done that one too and longneck whoo
there you go now you go go Oh throw the
ball down there too now you go go was
that fun are you coming back up yeah
come back up this place that was the
coolest idea guys I gotta say so much
fun playing with him up here oh wait
look can you see me me and pop in there
use a telescope look at me me and papa
do you see him he wants to bring his
dinos up here throw it up here and I'll
catch it
oh that's not far enough that's long net
can you say longneck think there
brontosaurus is this a brontosaurus all
I know is long neck because I land
before time yeah it's just a dino he
says right here thanks all now yeah man
I got ticked off the dead leaves left
that out about avocados is they grow on
hillsides because the water needs to
flow oh and because they take lots of
water they do it but it has to
through candy what so you water this one
a lot he does he's at the end of the
line and then what's this one it's got
these little flower buds I think that's
what I think it I think a peach growers
were bit as a flower oh really
didn't go hot peaches by summertime ha
ha that's awesome pomegranate just
started blooming you can see below yeah
it's got little green buds on it oh this
is oranges this is lemons one of the
coolest trees they have is the kumquat
and these things have been blooming like
crazy all he actually just came over
here and picked us some and so we had to
eat them and they're really cool cuz you
eat the entire thing to be
self-sufficient out here if you are on
an all fruit diet yeah that's a little
one
is that ready Jimmy is that funny
yeah pretty sure that slide has like a
hundred pound weight limit Jimmy
actually they get 75 pounds we are at
McDonald's cuz they have really good
thank you okay all he loves their
pancakes so he got pancakes you want to
see what else they got they got you
Valentine
Holly what are we making a corn yeah
we actually decided against going to the
movie theater to go see Kung Fu Panda 3
um it wasn't really interested in Kung
Fu Panda 3 and it's Saturday so it would
have been so packed so we got our own
popcorn right and we got a dino movie
the new there's a new Land Before Time
movie actually called journey of the
brave it was just released and it looks
really cool and all he loves dinos right
oh yeah Diane you do love Dino we got
our water we're all cuddled up on the
couch in our own home we also got
monster mix monster trail mix which all
he loves well he loves M&Ms he picks up
M&Ms but it's like his way to get candy
you're gonna bite um yeah they'll be
okay they're not gonna bite um it's okay
they're gonna be okay yeah they got a
runaway they're running away see ya oh
no oh it's okay don't be scared okay
it's movies getting intense y'all nah I
don't know what's going on all you did I
let you eat too much candy
I'm not sure how much chocolate exactly
he ate you okay who's holding you mama
Mama's home risk you kid me what wants
you to see something yeah did you play
with these today yeah did daddy give you
rose
yeah uh get them thought I was saying
caveman Oh like I miss boy I feel like
I'm in a way the last year's they way
yeah you have been oh I got it got it
and look who else is here my little
Finny Pooh - did you have fun shopping
with Mama not really no not really
hanging out with the girls
he hung out with all the girls today
didn't you I love you have a good night
okay
Carmen broke tale of his days or cheese
karma so we call him a singer dog
karmana Steiger dog yeah you're a
stinking dog go show mommy the rest of
your collections you're finally home I
miss both these boys so much I'm gonna
have fun day apparently it's gonna talk
like this hey I had a really fun day
today I got to shop and just hang out
with my aunt and it was really really
nice
I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
right now and but inside the bed yeah
you go 9m all right all right give it to
give the video thumbs up ready give me a
thumbs up if you ain't
it and we'll see you guys tomorrow yeah
two thumbs up
Oh what what what say say like oh say
see you guys tomorrow
come on see you tomorrow
ready big big thumbs up series say that
Sally you're cute
hey joy oh yeah ready hair day bye hey
 chair just don't make a peep you
need to fall asleep so you can get the
rest you need start a brand new day oh
you just need to need to be free
Oh need to be praying
Oh need to be brave
