you see his little booty
Spanky's booty you must make it spank
his booty
good morning Finn how are you doing good
you playing with guns too good morning
you two
good morning Olli hey how was your
waffles good yep I made a waffles and
bacon this morning
good morning you guys is Saturday I'm
reppin my dad life is the good life
shirt she's actually extremely
comfortable this is a slight boxed red
shirt I'm not sure what we're doing
today what are we doing today babe maybe
nothing honestly this past week has been
nuts we've had something every single
day go you want to put on a tattoo yeah
I think we can do that we have a couple
tattoos laying around yeah we need to
get like a book of really cool temporary
tattoos like the ones that look like
real tattoos oh all you would love that
huh I shouldn't read oh yeah yeah you
look like a little rock star okay what
are you doing is that kitty
oh there is a kid he Holly will do
anything to look at a good kid you can't
hold the kid II just say hi to the kitty
you just sitting here and playing with
your brother
whoa it is such a beautiful day out here
you guys look at got the sunshine and
blue skies the pool looks great and we
got the whole crew in the hot tub where
it's nice and warm I have a little bit
of bad news I was walking out here and I
dropped all the town yeah and along with
the towel he got my phone my phone did
not just fall onto the ground
Oh into the pool and completely
completely soaked I got the Baathist and
you drew you dropped your phone into the
pool your whole phone well that sounds
like something you would do are you
gonna jump into the pool we're swimming
we haven't done this in a while huh - I
know you love swimming fin is enjoying
the tub as well you did oh you did it
you went under
I didn't see them on their friends got
other boys look at funny funny here's
ami see guys no laughs
he saw mama dawn and is enjoying the
water he is when are we gonna put him in
swim school we're just a couple months
away I'm excited we all he started when
he was six months yeah it's four months
yep crazy so crazy young love and I
remember telling myself I should have
started this earlier but I can't imagine
starting Finn like right now yeah but I
wish I had started earlier with all ice
everything beds yeah hot really did they
go you don't do it they'll do it really
early just help them get used to the
water sucking his thumb and they they
actually have like a natural instinct to
the joint in the water until they're six
months old a lot of them can like just
let go technically I've heard a lot of I
would never do it but I just say it we
are out of the hot tub it is now time to
what are we doing naked
I've got all my helpers my car yeah
Megan it's your turn making cookies a
little late but even good job we've got
the butter in here we've got the sugar
and now it's your turn to put the brown
sugar in okay all right yep it'll be
your turn then okay yeah we could do
that okay
okay all you want try mixing yeah okay
good job okay let's turn alright it's
finally time for the chocolate chips
the best part maybe was messy for me
there you go what I did yay it's time
for the taste test we've been waiting
all day for this
yeah okay Liv you go first okay yet you
can pay it you pay you can go hey yeah
it's good
how does it pay good are you getting any
chocolate or no chocolate no chocolate
it is lunchtime all you buddy what are
you doing oli what are you doing you're
hiding you see his little booty
Spanky's booty you must make it spank
his booty it is lunchtime kids are in
Macy's got cookies in the oven I am
frying up some pierogies which I love
you don't approach is arts like a pasta
shell with like potatoes and cheese what
what are you serious you just yelled at
me like that you got nothing yeah okay
look at these delicious pierogies you
guys they're hot and fluffy and crispy
and all you do is you put a little salt
on them and then you eat them with some
sriracha so stinking good ring around
the Rosie you never played it for me
we are on our way to pick up mama Nikki
know who we gonna go see empty have you
missed auntie Papa I'm Papa they're all
coming back today and we're so excited
we've got Finn here he's super excited
he's chewing on Sophie and he is very
happy with her aren't you
he was not happy and then I gave him
Sophie
I made her squeak a couple times and now
he is the happiest kid right now huh and
you want to play with Sophie okay well
Finn's playing with him right now and
then you could play with her later okay
okay come on come on come on come on
come on come on come on pull your pants
up your pants give you all your shoes
are untied - oh my goodness
uh
oh he's a hot mess munchkin in pain
liver here welcome back to civilization
yay you miss me how about that plane
ride yeah how about it
you're gonna go okay you know he's
sitting up now Cassie I know and I'm
talking i snapchat Tudor did you see
your mama he remembers me Mama's back Oh
presents Cassie you brought us a ton of
presents right yeah okay yes oh she's
gonna get your present okay those things
are cool hmm and she's got a present for
you what is that it's a choice it's a
toy snake exactly that's more what what
sound do snakes make Ali see what this
is cool Cassie did you get that at the
Russian market oh that's nice
really whoo feeling like because it's
super heavy tip stuff huh see what I got
from CMA this is hundra said natural
coconut oil Holly careful this is it's
like lemongrass body cream you should
smell that mama smells really good is
this for me this is really um oh it's
lip balm and it's wood it's like wood oh
that's me it's like lemongrass too
smells really good smart cuz I love
Cambodia it's in come on oh that's cool
that's like their flag right there yeah
Randy Atwater our life gave you this
cool what is me love it actually like it
I hang it up somewhere
Cassie's first meal back how does it
taste so good it's like home mom knew I
love this one okay so what was your
biggest takeaway from Cambodia probably
going to the village or oh yeah like the
kids in the village
yeah we're seeing yeah that's good come
on kids it's Ã«oh oh yeah in the
orphanage
yeah I knew you you got to take them for
a little trees right what did you what
do you get to do we gave more first we
brought them pizza which they don't get
pizza oh yeah they love pizza so we got
them like 20 things updates like this
seafood itza is really weird tea I like
like fake crab on it and shrimp
uh-huh they love it oh they loved it now
we took him to the movies we saw
Zootopia it's funny because it's not
even out yet here
I small was kind of cool about like a
I'm gonna see it oh wait you guys gonna
see it and it was in English and I had
to my subtitles mm-hmm so that's cool
you got to take him because he a movie
because some of them have never been to
a movie hey guys our fun night is having
a little turn event Ollie what happened
a black dog
you fell down I mean Papa's yeah he's
got a really big gout he's got a pretty
good little mark on there and there's
also one inside his mouth so we rushed
him to a err urgent care and basically
she told us that because of where it's
at it kind of like right on his face
that he needs to probably get stitches
done by a surgeon yeah cuz we need to
wait she said she could do it but they
don't have anything to numb it order
like sedate him yeah so it
he could pull it he couldn't make it
yeah I've been worse worse and we don't
want him to have a big scar on his chin
yeah
so if we get this done properly by like
a pediatric surgeon and everything then
we should be able to avoid like a scar
feels so bad he fell and he only cried
for a few minutes but it it's a pretty
good little guy we headed now to an
emergency room hoping not to be there
too late
but I said we have to have stitches put
in within six hours yes within six hours
so we're headed there now sends with my
mom and dad we're probably going to be
there for a while and unfortunately I'm
going to have to end the vlog because
Brian's gonna need to edit and
everything and so we will probably
continue the vlogs you guys King um see
you know how he does but yeah we're just
gonna have to end it here are you okay
yeah yeah you still doubt me impalas but
you're okay huh pop the balloon he got
this at the last urgent care can you say
we'll see you tomorrow guys they send
lots of prayers and hugs you want to say
bye to the balloon ready
Louise
you like it
you're gonna put yourself back
