to make tomb again
good morning people of the internet we
are getting breakfast going today
Jeffrey's trying something
fresh-squeezed oh this is amazing
fresh-squeezed orange juice right there
it's so good it's like a smoothie almost
yea bit like and I strained it so that
it wouldn't be too much it's got a
little bit of yeah it's a little bit and
it's literally that aren't certain is is
not comparative how many oranges did it
take to fill about Josh Wow and you
stole all those that is really good babe
how's we good yep we got bacon we're
making waffles trying to get this waffle
maker to not kill my waffles so let's
see ah finally finally it didn't destroy
it
oh you want to see see yeah waffle
30 60 90 120 150 180 is that how many we
need I think so I think I was like 170
said yeah we just finished signing a ton
of thank-you cards
yep we are getting ready to send those
out for the Inca Cambodia fun I assign
this many extra sorry I don't know more
CD's to sign also this is the last batch
of CDs a big chunk of these is already
sold so I need to sign these and send
them out immediately so if you guys want
to get a sign to like a lion EP CD this
is your last chance to do it so go check
out that link down below in the
description and get a copy hey Ollie
that's some crazy bed head you got going
on okay come here
alright it's time to take a nap so I
need you to say good night to everyone
okay go say go say nothing to mama give
her a hug so grumpy
give me a kiss good job CNN a to Jeffery
okay let's go take a nap I'm probably
gonna toddler life right here okay let's
go
let's go buddy okay it has this thing
right before it goes on for now he like
gears himself to be super super tired
he's like hold me dead I don't have the
energy right so Ollie is down for a
little nap and the boys just left two
males all of our thank-you cards out and
just do a couple little errands outside
the house I'm actually making lunch
cleaning the kitchen
I've got Finn here all wrapped up in
what is this one I think this is a
solely wrap a slowly Sol ly and it's
really like soft and comfortable and
very like um thin so it's kind of nice
I've been doing the ring sling a lot but
I just decided you know I'm gonna try
and wrap him he's pretty comfortable huh
I mean
some raspberries there was a time when I
was younger that we house that for this
lady and she had this garden every day
we would go out there while we were
house-sitting and we would pick her
fruit and she said you know eat eat the
fruit because it'll go bad by the time
we get back and so she had a raspberry
bush that we've never had raspberries
before and we ate them every single day
and to this day I swear they were the
best raspberries I've ever eaten and I
don't know if they really were or if
it's just like sometimes when you think
back in your mind they're like you you
and your kid they're like the best thing
you've ever eaten you know the best
thing you've ever tasted but now every
time at you guys berries I think about
that house and the raspberry bush I'm
like I want to rise very Bush more and I
get a house cuz I mean I just think
would be so fun to be able to go out and
pick your own raspberries huh
when Debbie cute you picked her on her
eyes berries yeah Vinny was asleep all
over the sleep the boys got home and I
was like you know what I'm gonna go out
and I'm gonna go do something fun and so
I just quickly went and got my hair done
I just really was not looking forward to
like blow drying it and everything so
got it done and it's nice and pretty and
hopefully it'll be like that for a
couple of days but I'm really excited
that I was able to leave Finn I've been
able to leave him a little bit longer
these days I'm kind of hoping that I'll
be able to hang out with Natalia on
Friday for her birthday without fit so
I'm kind of been trying to test out
these stretching out some time while he
doesn't need me it's been working really
well so I'm excited we have been doing
Skype calls for a lot of today we've got
a 15-minute break and for some reason
there is what is this basketball is that
how you say it basketball is on our TV
because Jeffrey's over and he is a huge
Lakers fan last year oh my gosh
Kobe when Jimmy was younger like we used
to play bass or basketball all the time
and he had a Kobe Bryant Jersey that's
so weird that he's still playing
wouldn't be like really old
he's he's 40 so yeah we never have
basketball on who her
not like sports people here but yeah
we've been doing Skype calls all day and
so my mom and dad took all a to their
house and my dad has been sending me the
cutest videos all day of like what he's
been doing with Olly okay don't push
don't push the button and it's just like
the cutest thing I love that my dad gets
to have like these little moments
turning to make zoom again he's still
eating Mike tree what do we do yeah well
what ow
what that still hurts yeah it's just a
band-aid now that he maybe wouldn't have
been able to because he worked so much
his meat that's more meat
we're taking to the store either this
new stage where he says what's that 40
times 40 times hey what's that
Star Wars cookies hey did you get an
ally today yeah show me
it's like positive yeah oh you scrape
your knee yeah on what the dirt your
thought you were running and you tripped
oh did you have so much fun sorry buddy
we have cool band-aids I got you we have
we have been eights of Papa charm right
he was not having it so you had so much
fun with Papa he showed you what he's
building you that's neat
he said tired back from dinner which
Buford the camera know go watch
Jeffrey's vlog yeah he fell asleep on
the way here which is awesome because
I'll change him it's not a fight I do
love it it makes it really easy from
that although I do hate when he doesn't
brush his teeth I'm really really big on
brushing his teeth and um yeah look at
him he's so out he will let me change
and completely yes asleep he had hose he
used he had so much fun at with Papa and
he's probably filthy but he'll have to
have a morning shower oh yeah he does
not care
so always asleep and Finn's asleep
downstairs so both our kids are asleep
don't you need to fall asleep sand you
can't get the rest you need to start a
brand new day a little wine beauties me
to need to be fresh
Oh need to be praised
for me to be brave
