good morning good morning mr. Finn
good morning mr. Finn oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa he's been rolling all over
this bed this morning haven't you heard
Joe whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa look at
that big ol smile think up to this big
old smile every day huh whoa
before you know it Finley you're gonna
be saying good morning just like your
brother huh
while he's actually looking at himself I
don't know if he's ever really done that
before
who's that who's that baby on the screen
he say good morning Internet good
morning Ollie what are you doing you
playing with your dinos
I love how obsessed you are with dinos
Olly I think it's seriously the cutest
thing yeah this is a big orange Dino he
goes right and then who's this
Arlo yes you love art oh ha ha I don't
buy em all you don't bite him that's
gonna hurt him you crazy oh we can
wrangle him in just like they do in
Jurassic Park that's right yes we do get
him get him by the neck so he doesn't
get out of control there you go
you are a top-notch Dino Wrangler for
sure buddy this is becoming a morning
routine
Ollie comes over to his toy bin and make
a complete mess and then every night we
put it all back but he's like uh hey
guys it's way too clean in here so I
gotta make a mess now you take that side
yeah okay
all right Wow yeah I know it's really
hard huh it's kind of I guess this is
Mama's drum but I'll find you a job to
do okay okay who is that makes my Mickey
Mouse we are filling out Valentine's Day
cards right now I've already got all the
envelopes all filled out and now we're
going to put like who it's to and who
it's from and then we'll put a little
sticker in it and then I'm even putting
a little candy in it in that cool they
get candy with it
and then always job will also be to put
a little sticker on the envelope that
song goes yeah okay let's get started
all right the first girl's name is
Kaylee Ali Adi and Cyn be your Valentine
you betcha
didn't that cool yeah now she gets a
little tattoo yeah
all right now baby we're gonna do this
birthday cake you put the Valentine in
here put that in here good job and then
let's put a candy nose' put out one in
that you have been screwing on key put
that in there no I thought looks great I
love it and now it's ready and go to
Haley give it a kiss for good luck
very good yeah should we squirts it with
some McClung I think
all right you guys that we are all in
Missy's new caddy and we actually been
out running some errands we had to get a
couple of things because today we really
need to sign a lot of the thank-you
cards that came yesterday so we're
setting out the thank you cards that go
to the people who donated a certain
amount for the inker cambodia fun we've
been running around doing that Olly is
at home with Mimi and Papa they want to
hang out with him so we were like cool
it all works out Missy kind of found a
new trick
to a fussy Finn okay it started working
watching more by Katy Perry
it worked for like two minutes we have
now moved on to what does the Fox say
it's working ed working without games oh
my gosh that's awesome babe you're the
best also I know there's probably gonna
be a million comments about this yes
this is mrs. new car no she is not sure
I think a lot of people too are
wondering why we got a car and not like
a van or or something for the family we
already have a family vehicle that's the
Volvo and it's really comfortable for
all of us but when we need to make quick
trips around town usually not with all
the kids you know we wanted something
just a little bit smaller so that's what
we could spin it oh yeah we have to
bring that we're gonna like take all the
time so yeah
Allie what did Papa do yeah came home to
this he's so excited about it Papa
you're crazy
what else you saw what else did you see
oh yes dinos Oh Turtles where are the
Turtles
oh you saw Turtles at the pet store yeah
were they cute yeah yeah do you want a
turtle yeah did you see anything else in
the store yeah next May
ah haha hey you better frog yeah saw
them but they're at you gross so funny
far away he is a big frog uh-huh ran up
to it that's awesome and Papa got you a
toy Mickey Mouse airplane dang Papa
spoiled you today huh all right we just
got home from a grocery shopping trip we
have been 10 desperate need of that once
again um but fin totally leaked while we
were at Target and I'm pretty sure the
reason why is because I actually just
changed his diaper and everything before
we left is because this outfit is just
too tight and so it was squeezing his
diaper although I think we only had one
diaper left torn it was that old diaper
though yeah
oh you know what that it is possible
when I put it on I was like this seems
kind of smallest and it just leaks
everywhere ha ha you're cute
see I brian has groceries to bring in I
approach groceries groceries to put away
I like to put them away and organize
them but it's so hard these days to do
it because I got Finn here and he either
wants to be held although last few days
he's been pretty good at being on the
floor but but I actually took a picture
of it earlier and he had crawled like a
good three feet away now we didn't see
him do it he did it pretty fast pretty
impressed because I have no idea how you
got that far you guys are crazy you guys
are crazy
oh you poking my nose don't poke my nose
poke you where's your nose
can you poke your nose boo can you poke
your eye
don't poke ya don't do it oh don't poke
your eye that hurts like Vicki does are
you going night-night
oh oh oh goodness try to think of a
distraction Oh are you tired
Poconos yeah are you tired Ollie I dug a
poke the camera that guy ah scary silly
silly Holly you want to help me on the
vlog say thanks for watching take care
logic give the video a thumbs up thumbs
up if you enjoyed it say leave a comment
below
yeah come on and subscribe yeah and
we'll see it tomorrow money okay now you
know what to say right hey look at ya
big thumbs up yeah we already said that
say bye
Louise
you like it hurt
and that's alright j√∂rgen put yourself
right to you
