hey go you forgot to say roar good
morning guys I have just been getting
ready for the day as you can see my hair
is still not completely done
Ollie's been so good watching some
YouTube over here who are you watching
oh shut up okay oh look at that is it
toy gun he's been watching some toy
reviews on YouTube and I have just been
doing at my hair and as soon as we're
ready mean Ollie and Finn are gonna go
do some errands
we're actually have a really fun day
planned today so I gotta pick up some
stuff for it and we are excited yet sigh
defense she's yeah pretty excited hey
guys how's it going I'm in the caddie
with Jeffrey and we are actually headed
to Hollywood I'm doing a really cool
collab with a youtuber out there it's
actually going to be something that's
going to go up on my music channel and
the two you guys are gonna really like
it's going to be super different than
anything I've ever done before we got up
super early this morning we are making
the trek to Hollywood the second day in
a row where we're driving a super long
distance
and dealing with traffic and I guess
that's just Kelly life well I got up
really early I was only 15 minutes late
this morning you guys I guess I'm very
proud of Josh really Jeffrey was on time
okay I know we talked about how the
Johnsons are always late but this
morning he was on time it's right
early early he were early so that counts
oh no I'm not like oh gosh late yes I'm
not time person okay
Jeffrey is now in an on time hey Ali
who's that ah although in spot are they
up here just hanging out should we take
them to see Caspian yeah
all right let's take Arlo and spot to go
see Caspian sound good yeah okay let's
go take them holy guacamole
you guys we are in the Hollywood Hills
right now and this is the house that
we're gonna be filming it's like a
freaking castle the houses on the street
are insane that garage over there two
Bentley's in it it's great it smells
amazing up here doesn't it oh it's so so
good
fresh air I know I know you get out of
the city you get up here you get to
fresh air check out this view Hollywood
baby right here LA down there smells
amazing I'm here with Andrew Huang hey
go check out his channel I'll have links
below this guy dude you are so talented
I don't understand how you do what you
do I just love music and I make it all
the time yeah out of everything he just
finds objects and makes cool beats with
them and we're gonna be doing a little
bit of that today so be sure to go check
them out but I just I can't get over
this the fresh air I imagine this is a
cool place to write music - it's really
great yeah and especially like cuz you
don't associate this kind of place with
LA necessarily yeah totally occluded and
the fresh air yeah it's really great
this made it over to Hannah's and she
seriously setup the cutest little party
for the kids we've got good dinosaur
theme to everything got balloons little
dinos
you see all the eggs yeah and Jaden's
over here setting up a tattoo spot for
everyone to get tattoos right
alright Olli which one are you gonna get
look at you got a t-rex and spy you go
with t-rex ah you're getting spot that's
a good decision I like that one he is
the cutest huh she's got everything all
set up we have pizza and candy and
snacks and we even have goodies we got
the good food celery and carrots and
fruit all that this is the view of the
tower from the inside look at all those
stairs you guys and then up here it's
literally a ladder to a room full of
cushion dude you're like a lattice
you're like a latin up here like a lamb
here where's that boo do you have a
monkey I feel like I'm floating right
now dude be careful it's it's it's legit
scary because you know this could break
at any moment and I could fall to my
death well I mean it's only like 20 feet
we are up in the tallest tower this
house gives me such a lemony snicket
vibe if you guys have not seen Lemony
Snicket series of unfortunate events
just so like a collect Akande oh cool
guitar
it to you this is done yeah this is done
all right
you can't already see
I already see a smiley girl I was new
break it up now break it up honey
this is Andrews makeshift recording
booth do this is genius yeah I mean you
just need a lot of padding yeah yeah I
thought it was gonna be hot in here but
it's actually not that bad yeah I'm
gonna be in here recording a little
piece of one of my songs that you guys
are gonna hear way differently take my
hand and let's do this right we owe it
to ourselves we know it soon I show you
Oh baby enough
all right Andrew and I are putting
together some weird sounds now for the
song we have this one look at these
sweet seashell songs by the way we found
in the kitchen
these sound so cool
it's literally like the house knows what
you're doing you're like creating these
awesome things and there's a couch yeah
so now we're gonna be doing a sweet bass
drum on the our kick drum on the couch
okay so what are the sounds calls for
opening a beer bottle so we're like yeah
we'll get up on that I think we do
Exodus hey did you like three days yeah
Andrew those are some nice jugs yeah
bloating bottles now making piano notes
it's really cool
hey you forgot to say Roy
we are finally home karma you give me
sighs oh you have so much fun yeah yeah
and living caspian yeah yeah did you
know did you play and play and play you
played with the guns water gun that was
fun huh yeah we had so much fun that was
so cute
there was no birthday party it was just
us having fun with dinosaur everything
we had all kinds of dinosaur stuff I had
a lot of fun also with the girls show me
your new dinos that's a little more than
two hi I missed you oh yeah he wanted in
and out Oh what is that hey Rick oh you
got a t-rex on your arm even that's so
cool and look at this little t-rex he's
got dinos but Janice - that's so cool
hmm oh yes I know I see your dinosaurs
too
dinos everywhere dinos everywhere for
this boy yeah bad dad dad dies he dinos
feeds where the Dino feeds Holly Oh Finn
has Dino feet huh yep I need a diary oh
I miss his voice so much I love Buki I
don't you poke whack ah
I know pokey no oh you poked my nose
okay alright my boys are gonna help me
end today's blog Holly can you tell me
to give a thumbs up thumbs up to thumbs
up and say comment
taggi say subscribe gasp and we'll see
you manana you can't eat pan live I told
you yeah
alright Ali Ali say bye
you'll like it
so right
you can run
from the things they say
throw down
