good morning you say good morning with
detta now say 1 2 3 good morning you say
what did I say good morning right now
say good morning morning this morning
Ali and I are cuddling up yeah daddy
yeah shotgun yes how'd you sleep
tell mama how you slept oh joy
toi would you dream about you dreamed
about Mimi and Papa and what else would
you guys do in your dream you played
with the fart gun yeah and what else did
you do in your dream body dad played
with the water what else did you do in
your dream body you play in the water
yeah what else did you do in your dream
paint live were there what would you do
it pay and live in your dream uh-huh you
and in the water
yep like like on the YouTube video Olly
loves watching toy videos yes he does he
needs kids to tell him how to play with
toys yeah and when he after he watches
him he takes the toys and he like
actually plays with them yeah kind of
toys think he's still a little young for
like some of the cooler toys oh yeah
but he's okay you can go oh yeah I'm
gonna throw you out gate three
- what whoa
Geoffrey was feeling a lot better today
so he came picked up the girls Olivia
got really sick last night just such a
bummer no matter what like we knew that
they probably were infected already so
if they were gonna get sick they
probably were gonna get sick I guess
it's nice that she was able to be sick
here because he was not feeling good
last night yeah this is my boy you know
look at him see his hands he's got spit
up on him and you think so delicious huh
not food we'll do this yeah we showed
him sitting up oh no I don't think we
have set up for the camera watch this
he's a little baby boy is sitting up in
a crazy yeah and he does better every
single day yeah
he gets more balanced it's really funny
when he does follow ya wait he'll do it
he'll fall over
oh he's gonna fall over this thing no oh
no fell over this thing he's like go
back and forth
yeah okay I'm sure enough radius is
setting up machine huh Oh timber you
fell over okay Finn he's sitting up next
to you look at these boys they're both
sitting up if you're sitting up - you're
so good at it can you fall over careful
say sorry
what happened a moment scare you oh you
want a job you're not gonna get me
you're not gonna get me you're not gonna
get me yeah I gotta get me yes I gotta
get there yet I gotta get me you got you
good Oh Carly okay okay we all right we
may need to be gentle with karma today
still Ali what is this toothbrush
that's your new toothbrush and who's on
it don't it that is a stormtrooper dad a
dog doctor it's a can you say
stormtrooper no that's what he was
saying okay this is Ali's new toothbrush
that Mimi got him and it has a
stormtrooper on it he's a stormtrooper
from Star Wars you still have not seen
the force awakens have you i pre-ordered
the force awakens the new Star Wars
movie on the Apple TV and I check it
every single day to see if there's a
release it yeah yeah okay you can hold
it and I I'm so excited because I know
Ollie will actually love it because he
loves lightsabers and and all that fun
stuff so I've been waiting but yeah Amy
got on this cool little toothbrush I
think it's pretty cool huh thank you
just you want to brush your teeth okay
let's put it back then you go see what
mom's doing in Finn's room she's in here
getting Finn ready yeah let's go see
what she's up to
there's my beautiful wife picking out an
outfit for Finn we actually decided to
just go ahead and get ready today I'm
gonna be honest it's like 2 o'clock
sometimes that happens sometimes it's
like an accomplishment just to get out
of the house before the Sun Goes Down
and that's just how it is when you have
kids when you're not feeling well stuff
like that but we're mostly all ready for
the day look at Missy's outfit do a
little twirl
this is Missy's dress where'd you get
this um I think this room is Urban
Outfitters Urban Outfitters and you're
wearing your giving key that says love
is gold and you just she I don't know
how you do a baby you just get yourself
ready in such a short amount of time and
then I'm like dang my wife is ballin
that's icky no time at all someone's
screaming yeah what is that daddy
that's not doggy that's a fox it kind of
looks like karma though ha yeah we
should just call him karma yeah that's
his cane coz he's an old man Fox yeah
you didn't know you there's my little
buddy
yeah hi mr. ticka ticka team we're days
been here with them yeah I work hi Oh
spit up all over his brand-new shirt
such as the life of a newborn is he
newborn still no no he's he's like four
months old so he's an infant yes isn't
it he's an infant and Ollie is a toddler
yeah are you a toddler yet okay bye it's
basically a teenager I see that he's
like peace out
I've had enough of this family time yeah
you're yelling at us and then you leave
and slam the door here brothers a
teenager huh he's a little team a few
months they turn into three majors yeah
three n'ajjer he's coming in early thank
you for that assessment whoo I like it
ah push the button Olli whoa what did
Papa make and now we're there he'll
water my tree while he's playing with
the court yeah I gave a real short turn
radius okay so I can't turn a whole lot
yeah that's so funny that in his house
which I'm building right here oh my gosh
you have like the walls getting ready
it's gonna be like a firehouse that's so
cool look who it is it's empty
how's it going you're in Cambodia going
really good fun I like your hat thank
you I've said so more stylish ankor wat
oh cool want to look a little more nice
yeah yeah hey what shirt are you wearing
your shirt oh how do you get my shirt I
went in your closet and grabbed it
that's hilarious go add some shirts get
it that's cool girl she's stealing your
kids
I know tell her she's kitchen tonight -
oh yeah in your kitchen tonight so
figure it out just come home and do it
real quick
hold on we took pictures of kids buy a
Polaroid camera and we like you know
gate on their pictures and everyone in
the village just like loved it because
they it never like had a picture of
themselves like that before
Oh skill it was really cool like all the
women and bad they wanted picture not
that she's been there with like their
fame I took over 125th years whoa that's
crazy that's cool though that's probably
like the best part
tell me about a frog that you ate yeah I
may or may not eaten the whole time
what thank God the frogs and then they
like deep-fried them and they're like
this big like body and eyes everything
hi Cassie are you bringing a dog home I
thought about it earning a pmk sure I
can't bring come home what do you name
him shadow
oh you taking care of yourself yeah and
you're eating lots of food
I got the shower we don't have a shower
that often did you have good air
conditioning in your room that's really
important run that thing we're stoked
for you and we're happy you're learning
a line
I'm happy you love the country that's
good I love the cold
yeah the culture the people are really
kind of fascinating ask her if she got
your toy dad I love you auntie it is 751
and this kid fell asleep on the way home
shoes are off and one is actually on his
hand she's rough Leah's watch you on his
head funny
all right guys we are winding down for
the night but I did want to give a
little quick update on Cassie she's
doing it really good in Cambodia she has
not got six I know a lot of us were
worried because that virus was spreading
like wildfire and she definitely had a
lot of time with ollie
but she never got sick so that is so
awesome
no one else is sick she's not patient
zero over in Cambodia infecting the
whole country so that's good did have a
few more thank yous to give for the
inker Cambodia fund and we'll probably
be doing this a couple more times this
month
so we wanted to go ahead and thank you
guys right now so big thank you to
Shelby Willingham Karla Kratz Shushan
Maria gun much her daughter Amy Matthews
Heather Harden Miranda read the San
Vandenberg Kenley and Chloe Taylor Riley
Biel Kimmy Daniel Michaela brow the wood
family Adam and Lindsey labios Chris
Cleaves Nick Carson Yvonne Bearden
Carrington Humphries Rebecca got here
Beth e Nicole torgeson amber Brazil a
mobber Hyden Gert Johanna and Jessica ma
rise Cameron G K
in Melbourne Victoria Morris Ashley
Fowler
Jennifer gents Shannon say Blake
Janet s Ellen Bigelow Christina Julia
Grove Taylor Siple Britney Thompson
Callie gladden Layla piche Jessica
Bennett Courtney
Netta Israeli Zoe Scott Dylan Scott
Jessica Pope and Meghan proc big thank
you to all you guys for joining to the
anchor Cambodia fun means a lot yes we
are gonna go ahead and the vogue though
we hope you guys enjoy today's video
give it a thumbs up if you did and we'll
see you guys tomorrow and it's been one
month since the release of like a lion
so if you haven't think that up oddly
down below the patient but you should
have had it already happy anniversary
Thanks okay we'll see you guys around
bye
you'll like it
you can put yourself back
ah you can run
from my thing
unless you fall
