Willie I'm release me Mike well that's
that's gross
good morning guys we ran in everyone yes
you're right we are in the Johnson
vehicle we've got live got all we got
patient and thin and we are actually
gonna head to breakfast yeah yeah oh
yeah Geoffrey is not here right now
because he's checking out and I forgot
my sunglasses in the room I feel like
this morning has been really kind of
crazy even that really hasn't been that
crazy it she's been hectic because I
keep forgetting things and I keep like
locking myself out of my room and oh
it's just been a little bit crazy my dad
and my mom left early early this morning
because my dad got sick yeah that's like
three of us now sick I'm really scared
I'm gonna be the next one sick and
actually my brother woke up this morning
sick as well so basically we're all sick
hopefully you don't get sick no this
virus is definitely crazy we already
have runny noses
yes you do already know this let me um
when we
well that's that's gross this is pretty
nasty virus we're not it's not fun it
only wants to talk them up all right how
you guys feeling good you had breakfast
I had chocolate chip pancake I'm not
Peggy
Bob waffles Mandy and chocolate milk oh
that sounds good um strawberry and why
what did you have took a look pretty
much mom would you have pain
speed back playing waffles these three
are just the cutest and I swear Ollie
and Peyton just look like twins it's
just actually kind of fun you guys are
so cute hey Liv did someone call your
brother today
yeah sorry said you should give your
brother a turn yeah that was funny it
was silly oh yeah we just got done
eating breakfast it was super good all I
stay over here it was really really good
now we were just waiting for a car and
we are headed home I need to go home I
miss my husband I miss my house I hope I
don't get sick good morning guys this
morning I am actually feeling a lot
better I got a lot of rest my throat is
still very sore probably just from
throwing up so violently the past 24
hours
morning I've just been trying to get
everything clean and ready so I've
stripped the bed put everything in bags
that needs to be cleaned been scrubbing
all the light switches and counters and
doorknobs and stuff like that I got
everything in laundry bags that needs to
be washed and disinfected that's
basically what we're gonna be doing all
day
Oh No look who's back my little buddy
you already want to you already want to
do a lightsaber duel okay
okay not for that I love you I know I
missed you yeah did you know you got me
sick
yeah oh it's okay I forgive you what
movie did you see yesterday
Zootopia did you get some goodies from
the movie yeah I want to see you yeah
you want with pay and live where your
toys are they in here ally who's that
Fox and Bonnie so this is Judy Hopps
from Zootopia and who's this what Fox I
think what I believe he's a fennec fox
but he's his name is Nick Wilde did you
get these toys at the premiere yesterday
yeah don't don't fight don't fight their
friends can you make him hug all their
friends she hunts like this wing wing
wing wing I missed you
I made a hell of you yeah you he got
home and the first thing he did was
cuddle up on me on the couch
it's nice Holly what are you eating mmm
show us your lunch here what are you
eating
hmm you got grilled cheese and what's
that and what's these pigs and what's
this yeah a key key and we got it we got
a cookie we're gonna shoot the cookie um
this is like my first meal but I think I
can eat without throwing up so I got the
mirror I just got a sandwich smack and
cheese chips doggie
yeah the doggy hey hi karma I must
feeling a little better today those
pills are helping his pills are helping
us cops yeah yeah
gonna watch Technos ok well let's eat
lunch first ok eat your lunch buddy how
is it good guys I have been so busy all
day cleaning this house disinfecting
everything and I'm hoping that it's not
for nothing so because
I feel like I'm just hoping that I don't
get sick if I get sick then um I have to
clean it all again but I've been
cleaning doorknobs i steam cleaned and
mopped the floor clean off all the
carrot hops clean everything that people
have touched clean literally the legs of
all of our chairs in the actual chairs
okay yeah tons of laundry and trying to
get this house feeling not so icky I
actually got some Clorox bleach I got
some clocks cleaner plus bleach that
kills 99.9% of bacteria and viruses
regular lifestyle or Clorox will not
clean it you actually have to like get
the kind that will kill viruses which is
what this is I just need it out of my
house bad and I really hope I don't get
it I'm feeling a little like move icky
but I might just have enough mommy
powers to fight it off before it
actually gets me I don't know he's a lot
happier now he's not coughing so much
and I left he was coughing like all a
lot but he's been taking his medicine
every 12 hours and he's feeling a lot
better aren't you yes you are me and
Finn are fighting this off we're putting
the X up to this and saying no no no ha
no no no I just made always some oatmeal
Dinos let's see if we can find any oh I
see him you see him yeah I see him too
he's eating some oatmeal Dino oatmeal oh
yeah yeah it's a nice good meal after
some couple of sick days well we have
put only to bed and his door is open
he's Pluto stuffed animals on the ground
and he is no longer in the back where
can he be
there he is that's the sleep I need fast
asleep should I carry him back do you
think I can he looks so comfortable I
don't know if I can be comfortable
his lips do this really cute thing when
he sleeps they're like all puckered
he needs a mommy's love he's still not
feeling too hot you're not
I go throw up
I know yeah fit over there Holly over
here I got the whole crew right here Ali
don't help me in the vlog well I guess
we'll leave you on that cute note as
enjoyed today's vlog be sure to give it
a thumbs up and subscribe and go check
out : and Katie I'll have a link down
below their channel paint out something
really cool today on that channel oh and
you should go check it out
but for now we'll see you manana Ali can
you say Buddy Holly can you say bye
j√∂rgen crunches come back
you can run
you
they'll never change
yummy
