we're in Hollywood Hollywood good
morning we are all up and getting ready
for the day for our Brighton was up so
sick all night long
luckily these kids slept so good Finn
slept really good which was so nice
because I was up probably most the time
that he was sleeping taking care of
Brian and oli is all better which is
nice because in 94 he was still kind of
having a rough night but he did come to
my room kind of early but he slept all
night in our bed Brian had to sleep in
the guest room because he's sick and I
don't fraid that I'm gonna be sick don't
want this guy to get sick but I don't
think he will because we're
breastfeeding he does have a pretty
strong immune system we're gonna get out
of the house and try and get some fresh
air and have some fun before we head out
on our adventure today so we just came
over to Mimi and Papa's to hang out that
way I could guys getting ready and the
kids have someone to hang out with what
did you find a what it feel oh my god
Papa's only got the old beetle it's
gonna defend Finn things is really cool
huh that's really neat you hold it you
wanna hold it no has you not want to
hold it took office I crying oh yeah you
want me to hold it oh my gosh I cannot
do this
mm-hmm room for a little boy that I love
Oliver James is so proud
not gross it's just a bug huh
she won't pet him oh no I can't pet him
see my hands have been that way
oh he's so spiky their legs are real
spiking all right he won't put him on
pop his head no if I can oh there is it
was calling down Papa said he's crawling
down hey Brian is sick but there's
someone else in this family at sick and
that is karma I was actually at the vet
yesterday taking karma in like it was
really late I was like 9:30 at night I
took him basically what karma has is
kennel cough I don't even know how he
got it maybe like the neighbor dog
passed it off to or something but he's
got this nasty cough and is not funny he
has to take antibiotics now every 12
hours and then dogs are vaccinated yeah
they won't care and karma was vaccinated
from it as well but he still got it okay
good job karma I took your medicine got
the Johnson BAM yeah and FinCEN here
we're waiting for Olli always in his
seat you ready to go yeah you are
oh look what's on what are we watching I
don't think it's buzz it's probably a
girly movie always watch wha
who you and watch Wally yeah that's it
cool all right you have fun kay hi did
we make it
yeah hey we're in LA we're in Hollywood
Hollywood we just made it to our hotel
and we have two different rooms but my
parents are staying in this room with us
we've got two double beds me and Ollie
are gonna start getting ready right now
and we're heading down stairs we are
headed to El Capitan Theater where
Zootopia is actually premiering tonight
and I am so excited I mean all your
dressing up together he's my little date
tonight are we gonna get all ready and
go rain isn't gonna bother you it oh no
we're gonna go oh yeah
so my mom and dad were staying back
they're going to hang out with Finn but
luckily we're so close that if I need to
run back I can it'll take me much like a
minute to get back here
oli is all ready for the Zootopia
premiere
look at you looking snazzy he's got he's
got his hair all done he's wearing a
little tie with stars on it he's also
got a blue vest on some ski pants and
converse black shoes you look good Oh
bye see ya you like your shoes
black shoe yes can you give me a thumbs
up yeah and I'm already I've got a black
dress on it's kind of like family from
way I don't know um the back has like a
little V with some cool little beads on
it what are they they're sparkles it's
sparkly huh and my diamond earrings I've
got a cute little diamond necklace and
then of course diamond bracelet um not
real and then um I've got some shoes on
I'm trying not to look too fancy because
my cousins in them and all they are
really not that fancy looking so
hopefully I don't look like I'm too
overdressed but I also really like to
dress up so it's not like a big deal if
I am over just but I'm liking my outfit
I feel good we're ready to go we're all
ready the Johnson fan is all night we
got two umbrellas they all got jean
jackets and converse on and so cute and
then me and all they are basically
matching and we all look so awesome
we're about to go have a lot of fun
that's where the red carpet is he's
gonna be fun excited Olli look at you
just walking all on the Stars oh hi
this is it
Oh
there you go excellent and what's your
name young man which one do you want one
let's go
think of all the golly
is crazy exactly we're like all right
now
training is all covered
all right we're headed into the movie
but before we got to check the cameras
now I'll take this one and huh we'll see
you guys when we go what do you think is
a movie look is it good yeah it was good
that was so fun huh all right let's go
yeah walk in the rain
is dead animals good now head it too
this is gravy we're headed to agree
they're the full-on
my kid y'all go say hi
right we definitely have to meet these
guys huh
I drew back did you go follow me me and
papa
yeah he actually did really good you
guys he just walked all around with me
and Papa got a little fussy at one point
but then he fell asleep and now I'm back
we had so much fun today huh oh we do
have fun yeah yeah did you like the
movie yeah it was so good and it was
just so much fun to get to do something
like that like something that you just
never would have thought you get to do
so yeah we are back in the hotel and we
are ready for bed we're going to spend
the night in Hollywood and then we head
back I'm still so sad that Bryan is so
sick he's so sick you guys he missed out
on not only his Utah trip which was
really excited about but also he missed
out on this fun so that was kind of
sucky but I'm hoping he's better by
tomorrow
he definitely spent a lot of time in bed
and trying to rest and just kind of was
not feeling very good all day long sorry
we're here Bryan we miss you love you
say I love you daddy okay
baby miss you Hey all right guys gonna
be a thumbs up if you enjoyed it a
thumbs up I will see you tomorrow
say bye bye
j√∂rgen gorgeous
you can run
from the sea
they don't never
you're with me
