can you want my camera Oh oh my gosh
he's such a smiley boy today
oli not so much a smiley boy today you
can have me so sacked out are you tired
you okay Olli see you awake oh hey good
morning can you say good morning he's
like no my goodness no one talked
yeah he's not feeling good still today
still trying to recover thanking her
point to what hurts Olli can you point
to what hurts oh oh your your knee he's
like yeah I fell like three weeks ago
and it still has a mark so you always
say it hurt yeah I know you fell down I
mean Baba who is that it's papa hey you
left your wallet here we didn't throw it
away or something no last night there
was actually like a little earthquake
and I happened to wake up always like
five minutes before happen so I'm like I
wake up in the night I'm like staring at
my phone I feel an earthquake and then
lo and behold like 30 seconds later Olli
starts trumping into our room the house
went like this huh we have figured out a
way to contain Finn while we finish
getting ready for the day look at him
he's kind of sitting up man
yeah he put pills all around him
following you in the front yeah I know
but look at him babe holy cow did you
see that holy cow he does not like the
way I he just wants to sit the cutest
things you are almost sitting up all the
way on your own then that's nuts
Oh lean back lean back lean back
Oh lean back oh oh we're kind of going
sideways oh okay now we're in a crawling
position
oh now we rolled over hi
did you roll over he's looking for a
nipple Jeffrey ha ha that's buddy can
you want my camera oh oh oh my gosh you
just broke my camera Jeffrey what's
wrong Jeff again Jeffrey I think it'll
snow
we just keep breaking air that's here
yeah this ugh this is actually the
camera Missy broke and I broke it I was
like we could totally hear drop test
camera drop test it's pretty pretty
durable I mean the screen oh screen
cracked a little okay um we have dropped
this thing all of our cameras multiple
times we've been going for almost like
three years now yeah and this is the
first one we've brought like drop and it
actually actually broke yeah and Jelena
look at all these throwing things now
yeah on my car
it says yeah love it right on the
asphalt yeah
funny so this one's literally garbage
all right we are out to lunch at free
birds I was looking for the sign but oh
there it is
and we actually dropped Ollie off with
me because we didn't weren't sure he was
ready to really go out and we really
need to get some stuff done done done
done yeah we already went to the bank
and we got to get outfits for Missy and
the kids because they're going to
something really cool tomorrow so I'm
excited to dig into these I am been
starving i sat in the car for like 40
minutes while they were in the bank with
this guy who's so good keep it hid right
so we're picking out some nice clothes
for Olly
mm-hmm we got this dark blue vest look
at this little gray tie with stars on it
and I love the white shirt he could roll
the sleeves - yeah it's not as hot and
then we found some some great pants to
go with it no damper yeah we just need
stuff for him to look good and it's
quite possible he's going to a big event
tomorrow yeah
it looks so good I feel like so good
we're gonna look so good I'm excited
hi buddy hi buddy
how you feeling laundry yeah yeah you
made it work huh minion Bob buzz yeah in
that flashlight you kind of wanted to do
stuff trying to make you look crazy
get doggie
you know you oh he's well enough to
tease the dog
I think it's done a lot better now
Cassie's all packed up are you helping
auntie you helping her move her suitcase
come on she's going far away believing
that she's moving far far away Holly do
you know where she's going
where hey that's pretty good
as most you may know in December of last
year
we actually all collectively with you
guys raised over $80,000 for water of
life Cambodia and today is a really
special day because Cassie actually
leaves the country tonight to travel to
Cambodia your sisters leaving so like
nervous about it I'm excited for her I
know she's excited and nervous as well
but just so crazy to send your little
sister like a have a third world country
and yeah I'm weird but yeah she's
excited I'm excited so we're all
gathering here to say goodbye and send
her off go under
Christie is also leaving to be sure you
watch her for us okay
don't let her to leave and go to some
crazy parties or anything like that okay
all right you guys we are saying goodbye
to Cassie she's leaving for Cambodia are
you excited
are you nervous how you're feeling I'm
excited I'm a little nervous but first
time out of the country right yeah she
wants you to get him a present while
you're done okay I'll get you a present
Molly tell aunty say be safe no he
doesn't why I love you auntie I love you
too miss I'll miss you they'd be safe
and give you a pizza Carrie you're safe
should I get you a toy toy your candy
candy or like a toy snake whoo I can do
that I'll get you a toy sister pay
anyway Cassie be safe have fun I'll be
seen wearing lots
I think she's also gonna be logging a
lot you're gonna send a couple of clips
to us to which it should be a video okay
chilly feet seriously they'll be safe
I'll be saying hey Gary out there yeah
got it
all right everyone say goodbye to Cassie
wish her well
let's gather up daringly father God we
just thank you so much for the
opportunity left for the the love and
the support that's here more and I got
this great person for most just for a
safe journey and Lord we just prayed
filling of your Holy Spirit on each one
of us not that we would truly represent
you and be a witness Lord pray your will
be done in our life and now we just pray
for your protection in Jesus name Amen
what you hold in that's your fishing
pole that Papa gave you yeah alright
guys I think we're gonna go ahead and
today's vlog we are super excited for
Cassie to go to Cambodia and get to
experience something that she'll never
forget I think it's a pretty cool
experience if you guys want to watch the
vlogs where I went to Cambodia I'll
actually have a playlist down linked
below but it was a really great trip it
really opens your eyes and it was
actually a lot of fun too so that's
really cool I did well let you guys know
too if you are in the Florida area we
are confirmed to be attending playlist
live in April so if you guys want to see
us at playlist live in April be sure to
get tickets I'll have a link down below
where you can do that as well we're
super excited to go to Florida again but
for now I think we're gonna end today's
vlog Ollie can you say thanks for
watching
hey mr. Poole thanks for watching guys
if you enjoyed today's video be sure to
give it a thumbs up and leave a comment
and check out all those links down below
please Asya manana see you manana you're
obsessed with a fishing pole aren't you
yeah we'll see you manana can you say
bye bye eople app is simple you what huh
- the fishing pole yeah okay say bye
oh hi guys
I know it's technically not yesterday
it's the day after I ended the vlog but
I wanted to give you guys a little bit
update about me and I didn't want to go
in tomorrow's vlog because Missy is
actually doing something really cool
with Ollie I didn't want to spoil it
with my sickness but I'm basically
quarantined right now in the guest
bedroom because I'm very sick we learned
what all he had for the past three days
is very contagious
I think it's called norovirus norovirus
something like
and last night it basically lost control
of every single one of my bodily
functions at the same exact time
sometimes I didn't even make it to the
bathroom it was horrible
I have a yen or drink since my last
episode so my stomach doesn't hurt a ton
I have took a couple of sips of Gatorade
I can already sort of feel my stomach
turning it's kind of what this virus
does to you is you don't necessarily
have like fever anything you eat or
drink just goes right through you this
morning I'm really really weak
definitely just gonna take it easy while
Missy goes and does something really
cool dolly I'm really excited for them
one of the sucky things though about
this whole thing is I was actually
supposed to leave today to go film in
Utah with Jared and I am so bummed
because I've been looking forward to
this for like weeks now I even had to
get plane tickets super last-minute so
they were so expensive and I'm not gonna
be able to go and I was gonna take gym
and we were just gonna have a blast but
it's not happening because I'd have to
leave in like an hour but anyway yeah
that's a little update on me just want
to let you guys know and tomorrow's vlog
is gonna be really cool because yeah
Missy's doing something fun with Aldi
you'll see that all right
you can put yourself
on the things they say
you'll never change
and you're
