all right we had to make one more stop
before we head down the Mount and Ollie
has a pretty pretty bad fever
I think it's really pretty special that
a group of friends like we have can just
stop everything you know take a break
from the hustle and bustle of their
daily lives just to come together like
we did this past week for DBE jck winter
vacay I think it's special because not a
lot of adults and parents and grown
couples like we are get to experience
something like this get to grow from
each other and have fun with each other
and I think it's really rare to just to
come together to such a beautiful place
like we did this cabin here in Big Bear
was just the perfect setting for our
kids to play with each other and to
learn from each other and to run around
and for the adults just to get to soak
it all in and I just hope that we have
lots more experiences like this one
because I think it's really important
for families to get together and do
stuff like this
hashtag DVD jck winter vacay is over for
now at least since it
what hurts oli hurts mr. Oh last night
was pretty rough for Olli he is very
sick with something we asked him to
point to what hurts and he points to his
ears so we're thinking he may have an
ear infection but a poor guy we were up
most of the night with him just trying
to get him to relax and get comfortable
two blunts of showers right we got
everything packed up though and getting
ready to leave the cabin we're gonna go
back home okay resuming me a Papa yeah
or aunt and uncle we can see aunt and
uncle Kay that make you feel better so
we have checked out of our cabin and
before we had done it on we had to get
food we were starving we've got the
Johnson Sam with your your chocolate
pancakes already she got settled down
yeah she did I mean we got all eight
down here he is just not feeling very
good right now but he's just resting his
eyes closed no you got a woman I feel
really bad for him and might actually
end up taking the urgent care but we
really just need to get some food hats
before we head down
that's what we're doing hopefully
hopefully he's not too sick and feel
better a little bit later
it's very cuddly tonight very cuddly
it's kind of the cutest thing ever
I was like you know something's wrong
when he's not like running around the
restaurant screaming because that's what
he'd normally like cuz you're crazy
you're just chill right now huh are you
okay look at ya
all right I love you that wants to save
you for baking
oh you got bacon all right we had to
make one more stop before we head down
the Mount and Ollie has a pretty pretty
bad fever he was burning up so we got
him a little bit of ibuprofen and we
gave it two minute drink so hopefully he
will drink it and it will help reality
happening right now both kids are crying
we are home we made it home after a very
long hard drive down the mountain Ollie
was I was kind of worse than being on an
airplane for sure it was worse
I'm Ollie was burning up and Finn was
not having it he is not a happy boy in
that car were you you're happy now yeah
um so yeah all he was just burning up so
much so I was like we need to go to
Urgent Care
I think he's got either something worse
or he's got something so we took him in
and where is it her baby and loved it
right there yeah yeah so he had an ear
infection he told his like it hurts
right here and he showed the doctor the
doctor he's like yep he's got a pretty
bad ear infection so he picked up some
medicine from for him at the pharmacy
and picked up a couple other things from
the store and now we're just letting him
rest and he's just not feeling good
today are you baby
okay haha and you're watching carpet
roll but get in the way of my paw
they're in a kiddie hide in the backpack
yes capture was almost 101 at the urgent
care and by the times that really care
he felt fine yeah well in hand are you
kidding ibuprofen is everything yeah and
so before he did I proven he was burning
up way I was kind of like scared at that
point I was like get me the Medicare now
huh because you're not feeling that
you're sick yeah but he's feeling a lot
better already because he took his
ibuprofen he's home and he's resting on
the couch and he's got some some
cartoons to watch you're already a
little happier huh not driving down a
mountain that's kind of miserable huh
thanks me is um
Oh get you Rex you're no match for me
right ah gotcha ha again all he's been
saying that all week can you say it yes
where his tail go no I know where his
tail is if all the blankets in there who
you want to find it yeah okay let's find
his tail do you see it yeah
you found it now we can fix him and make
them all better
wait Tim though it's kind of funny that
it still comes off they go
ah thank God oh you guys a gun oh here
put it in there he'll bite it put it is
about nom nom nom well this is what a
thousand CDs look like you guys while we
were away the cabin I got a thousand
more copies of my physical EP for like a
lion and I'm going to be sign in all of
these because they went super fast last
time they were gone within like two to
three hours so if you want to get
yourself a signed copy of my EP go check
out the link down below in the
description for our merch store because
we have copies there also I did want to
mention we are all sold out of necklaces
we only had a limited amount of those
those all went super fast but we do have
shirts we have posters and now we're
gonna have lots more CDs so go get
yourself one - I do do doop doop doop
doop do we just got pizza taralyn and
then his house thank you for
house-sitting by the way you'd have to
beat anyone up at our front door or
anything like that we just got pizza
this one's barbecued you like barbecue
on your pizza yeah barbecue chicken
pineapple and red peppers I might get a
little one of them yeah yeah that's a
good one Tim we ordered pizza because my
cooking I drove for like two and a half
hours today that's not happening all
right we are all cuddled up as a family
watching some shows all he's been really
very sad all night and he's finally
comfortable he took all his medicine
which was a pain in the butt to do but
um
yeah you okay okay okay he's a strong
little boy you're a strong little boy
aren't ya okay that kick yeah yeah okay
that's all for today's video if you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up kingi a thumbs up thumbs up good
thumbs up you know dang subscribe leave
a happy friendly comment check out all
those links below in the description and
we will see you tomorrow
Ali what'd he say
see ya se5 evil Macy ruff the world is
yours if you believe you're not
Greyjoy
take a deep breath
the job
you might be sick
