happy Oh
dinky you're welcome you drinking
chocolate milk out of bb-8 yeah bitch
baby hey drinking good morning guys
it is Sunday and it is Valentine's Day
so I'm eating breakfast with the love of
my life
the mother of my children the bearer of
my fruits something like that good yeah
you got a waffle - yeah I made him a
little waffle and then a big wok yes
this looks delicious babe oh and what's
this okay I didn't notice is this my
present yeah
oh babe why'd you give me something I
don't get you nothing roses are red
violets are blue let's play a scavenger
hunt just like we always do
are you serious you're the cutest person
in the world oh my gosh
two kids in a playroom it's always a
mess go look for a broom it might be the
best babe I gotta go play scavenger hunt
okay before I go on my very elaborate
I'm sure scavenger hunt I'm gonna give
you your present kay me really yeah so
stare it there close your eyes don't
open your eyes bright clothes keep your
eyes closed
daddy gave me a present kay you can open
them I love you okay so you know that
movie yeah Mama's right next you didn't
go anywhere okay can you sit down you're
kind of ruin this romantic moment thank
you
you know that movie Breakfast at
Tiffany's
ya know Ashton well I figured we're
eating breakfast so what better way to
celebrate than with a blue box do not
say my name you got a card first
you always go so crazy to my beautiful
wife oh that's it that's all okay I know
you don't like cards so I made it really
simple it's always so much pressure when
I open don't know pressure baby
oh wow do you like it okay
do you like a band okay it's so pretty
it's rose gold - so it's like a pretty
gold gum now you can say that you've had
Breakfast at Tiffany's
I guess so it's on like a shorter chain
so now you don't like the long necklaces
I'm totally wear this right yes exactly
I saw you wearing that and I got very
excited you know how the key necklaces
are really popular right now so I
figured I'm gonna get you something
classy way cool okay oh it's so cute you
I guess yeah it's like it's got a secret
it's got like a super tiny little
diamond in the middle to do a little bit
of bling you know love it it's like the
perfect length because I don't like it
one that one
oh hey it's scavenger hunt time it says
roses are red violets are blue let's
play scavenger hunt like we always do
two kids in a playroom it's always a
mess go look for a broom it might be the
best hey we gotta go look for a broom
you know what the brooms are yeah hey
let's go this is like clue number one
yeah we're in the laundry room right hmm
where is it Ali oh maybe I need the
broom for something in the black room
only let's go something up high only why
don't you go look in your toy box
just got like it's it's the business
card Chevrolet Camaro I'll look for it
looking into a box look for a clue you
see a clue anywhere you do then look
look for it ndaya we're looking for
clues right now though for the scavenger
hunt I'm gonna make me work for her
president get everything out 20 bucks
come on
Oh room I chose the wrong room
oh my god looks like you found what we
clean up the dirt but where would you
drop a peel I did all these wrap myself
okay I found a we clean up the dirt
where would you drop a big old turd
polytop single turds in here all night
okay well I thought it was this one cuz
I always pop in this one day you yell at
me but it's like that is Jeff all right
let's go go upstairs you go potty in
here hey we use it for fun we use it for
real let's blow dry our curly brown hair
did you unpack your suitcase yet brain
my suitcase yeah did you unpack it I
don't think so okay money go technic I'm
sorry I'm okay
Club Monaco thank Lu this one is too
hard Sonny okay
our guests are the best let's find that
brown chest maybe you'll find the
treasure that's next we're going in
there we're going to the chest
come on our guests are the best let's
find that brown chest maybe you'll find
the treasure that's next Holly
looks like mama tried to hide the brown
chest fun big towels and blankies on it
ooh bad chest that's so cool you can
open it this is your Valentine's Day
present on Tuesday president thank you
okay
this one's this one's for Olli I tricked
you I'm good
go to Ali's room you might like the tune
got Ali's room you made like the tune
ah I love you so much I can't wait to
hear all the beautiful song - you're
right on here look under the covers you
won't find me there but you will find a
present because I love you my dear my
gosh why did you do
Carell yeah this is mine I've always
wanted a guitar case holy look what dad
forgot what do you think it is oh babe
it's so pretty
it's a tailor yeah Jared says those are
good ones
yep my guitar yeah you said you always
wanted to play
I seriously always wanted to learn how
to play guitar thank you love you love
you
how'd you know which one to get I
dragged Geoffrey with me did you really
yeah wow this is beautiful no it's
really nice look at this case I know
babe I can go play on the street and
back down this case look at that I know
this red velvet oh my gosh you got me
guitar love you so much
I can seriously not believe that this is
my guitar this is so cool look how
beautiful this thing is I'm so impressed
and Jared I'm sure I'll FaceTime you
later and we could talk all about this
guitar and like what it's capable of and
stuff but I actually found a really cool
app on the Apple TV
it has lessons right on here that I can
go through like the tuning memorizing
the strings and chords and all that good
stuff so I figure when I'm not hanging
out with Jared or Jeffery or other
people that know how to play the guitar
I can totally just like look on this app
and just sit down in my chair maybe
learn this way I'll be really cool I
really really want to learn I know I got
it I got it oka laylee and I love
playing that I know a couple chords on
it but my fingers are so thick and they
caught the strings when I tried to strum
I just don't know if it was really for
me so I'm really excited to have a
guitar and get to learn on it cuz I've
been writing new music constantly ever
since I released like a lion and I would
love to sit down with my guitar and
write music I think that would be really
really fun you're basically the best
seriously Ali is this a real dinosaur
look at she walks in everything do you
know what kind of dinosaur this is
called yeah what is it oh well you just
told me now this is called a triceratops
yeah it's the same dinosaur that Tina is
at Mimi and Papa's backyard yeah Bob -
those are all legit ok ok ok I open up
some Valentine's Day candy for you here
you go yeah she likes that
that's pretty cool huh
oh happy math test a chocolate box oh
you see your smile look what you do it
shines like the Sun and your eyes very
beautiful and I can swim in them and
your head like chocolatey brown locks so
I could just eat your hair I began to
wear but I just want you to know I love
you so I love you too drinking some
juice
right alright so we just got a car from
Gabriella it says happy Valentine's Day
princess dear all in Finn hope it's
filled with royal adventures and dreams
come true happy Valentine's Day to ollie
from Gabby how cool cat yeah looking
good
Valentine we'll just put that right on
there yeah
and the lightsaber it says the force is
strong with you this was his yeah
venture awaits you on Valentine's Day
Star Wars Valentine's star trooper
tattoo
oh that's cool good we got to put those
tattoos on you Kay
yeah scratch me I smell like grape punch
me out of card so you can punch it out
it's a UH I can ice cream cone yeah oh
that's cream cone oh I can smell it from
here
it's like totally great I'm not like it
but but it is thank you
huh this smell ollie oh look at ollie
look it yeah you got lots of Valentine's
huh Ollie you haven't done like it seven
one eight eight nine ten
okay take it I know what else there
who's that oh no it's Bo fast seems like
there's no way to make it through seems
like there's no too
I was reading niggas
yes people always talking
we bruises on these
I need something else to stay
do you
I'll be
keep scurvy besides
in May
could change for
let me try
before
give you
it's a wire Oh No
you guys Missy made me lemon bars I've
been begging her to make these for me
for so long she finally has and now I
get to eat one and I'm so excited
looking they taste like sunshine really
well they're really gone no they're
really good all right Mimi and Papa here
they're gonna watch the kids while Missy
and I go out for Valentine's Day
get this kid he could just not get her
smell even handle it he is sacked out
but anyway I hope you guys have had a
fantastic Valentine's Day Missy and I
are headed out for a night on the town
so we're gonna go ahead and end today's
Vlad I hope you enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up and we'll
see a manana show you the by Poupon
always yeah and wouldn't you know by I
wanted a love that fell so strong like
your mom and dad whenever a battle to be
won then you took my
Oh xiaomi with grace that's where I
wanna be
I'm doing
salsas
