oh he's climbing up there it's getting
serious ladies and gentlemen good
morning
Finley and gains are watching
Elmo together we got Sesame Street up on
the HBO app they are just entranced you
see look at look at fit
he's like loving this yeah like really
just see all the lights and look out
yeah so cute he's calm
oh my goodness hey girl hi blankie oh
you got your Blake you don't you hi
Jackson
are you digging Elmo too Little Miss
Maisie Gaines is leaving with her mom
and dad today I guess that's the end of
hashtag DBE jck winter vacay which are
still kicking
yeah Asuna Elliott dad will be here for
again Martin more days cross out the CK
part of the sweater for subject such as
yet yes I'm gonna miss this little girl
I've had so much fun she's warmed up to
me we've been cuddling and watching
shows together sharing food and then
meanwhile we have these two boys just
running rampant give it kisses there we
go
kiss
hahahaha oh he's climbing up there it's
getting serious ladies and gentlemen
ha and if your internet just went out
because of that
okay so many people are dying of
cuteness right now yeah Nolan and Katie
are getting ready to take off we're
gonna take a bite of this little
southern belle pain you make out a
cookie yeah we had a blast with you guys
thanks for coming and hanging out with
us it always happens like this someone
always has to leave early
no no you're gonna stay with me okay you
guys can go back to Alabama and I'll say
oh I'm just kidding go no you can't cry
no you can make me cry she's so tired
she's like I'm gonna take it now huh
Ollie say bye-bye oh hey guys Ollie
bye-bye
there we go oh say bye bye oh I get a
good hug hug y'all you guys are
subscribed to Colin and Katie go check
them out I don't know if even mentioned
it but there's a little bun in there
yeah we got a little baby on the way yes
that's amazing so go go check them out
go subscribe to their channel they make
amazing content and there's going to be
another one of these hanging out so well
maybe a boy I know go check them out
guys let's get them to 300,000
subscribers that would be amazing
actually yes and you guys will see them
very soon for a DBE jck spring vacation
or solve a case something like that by
mg I'd fun hanging out with you ba-bye
hey mr. Finn is oh he is three months
old and he is almost so close to
giggling huh
so mr. gig already ki can you get me to
give you can you need me ready to give
you anything oh oh is that did you get
to get to get to is so close he's almost
let it out just a couple times but I'm
definitely waiting for that ha ha ha
like a giggle I want a giggle and woody
kiddo
ont kiddo I am so excited so today we
are finally getting to go skiing we just
there was nothing not enough people to
help with hands and just the fact that
we're out of time yesterday but today my
mom and my sister came up to help us out
which was so nice of them so my mom's
actually coming she's gonna keep an eye
out with the babies at the ski resort
and then Cassie stayed back in the cabin
with Jackson ollie and she's just gonna
play and hang out with them so I'm
really excited because we'll be able to
just kind of relax a little bit with
like knowing that the boys are at the
house having fun and then the babies are
near us so we can feed them and see them
and take turns you know hanging out with
them as much as we need to so we're
gonna ski and we're skating my goal is
to not fall as many times as I did last
time yes so I don't want to fall like at
all you never know when you're doing
stuff like this so I'm really excited
though I'm excited that Ellie gets to be
his last year Ollie was pregnant and so
all four of us get to ski together it's
gonna be a lot of fun
you
we got Calvin down here on the blankie
Mimi's here with Vinny so she's just
gonna hang out with them while we go do
some skiing
I brought the other sling and you have
both of them ha ha ha ha
he's the best so we get to go ski all
together
we have so many still
we are on the lift and we are headed up
and we are feeling kind of nervous
really nervous and I remember last time
I did pretty good but I'm really nervous
right now
thinking my plan did not fall may not
may not happen
okay look at this sign you guys it says
snowmaking man-made snow Israel snow
it's just man-made because they got to
make the snow here they're actually
doing really good I'm really impressed
because the first time they went it
wasn't that great of an experience it
was good but I think they'll be doing a
lot they're doing a lot better than you
guys are doing awesome
Oh
oh hi
I know if any you have so much fun with
me
oh yes so good we are headed out after
so much fun skiing like that was you
guys dialogue
I don't like 30 oh my god don't some
went on a lot and it was just fun we
didn't want to push herself like do
anything too fast or scary like we just
coasted and glided and had like so much
fun just skiing look good years live and
pay and towhere and something he loved
her huh like you'd always smile dude uh
yep they decided to come up for a couple
days they're gonna take over Cullen and
Katie's room and we got Geoffrey out
here with Bryan and they're flying the
drone
this is sweet sunset footage oh cool
that crazy Oh
oh my gosh why it is so far away so
they're fine the drone and it is really
far up there for that look at footage a
guy oh my gosh that's look at that haha
that's pretty cool
but Oh get it Jackson oh my god
breakdancer now it was the kiss that
came back to me
whoo okay
Apple bacon cheddar cheese grilled
cheese cheese sandwiches three try this
yeah give him a shot I think they're
very hot I've never had a grilled cheese
like this with Applewood bacon we make
one another one canto I mean the Apple
is cool dude yeah it's like warmth dude
that's crazy
it's pretty cool huh apple and bacon on
a grilled cheese what are you eatin
grilled grilled cheese right and you got
a drink and what is this strawberries no
those are oranges yeah I hated you up on
today with auntie yeah
and Mimi okay take a bite Wow good job
that's a good bite look at this little
guy so sacked out Natalia you are the
Baby Whisperer here yeah oh that's
awesome
all right we were all relaxing by the
fire editing videos I think we're gonna
put a game together but I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did give a thumbs up
and subscribe and leave a comment and go
check out those links below in the
description if you're not subscribed to
Ellie and Jared go subscribe to them
because they're so close we are so just
600,000 subscribers
they'll probably be at about the time
this video is up so go to their channel
and if they don't have 600,000
subscribers subscribe to them and if
they do have 600,000 subscribers just
subscribe to them anyway because why the
heck aren't you subscribe
700 of bucks yeah and Jeffrey and
Natalia also have a YouTube channel so
go check them out I will have their
links down below also as well thanks
guys for watching we still have a couple
more days left so we're gonna have some
fun we'll see you manana my just keep
walking with one foot in front of the
other the journey may seem rough the
world is yours if you believe you're now
and makes
you might be scared and
