what do you got in your pocket you got a
bobber in there there it is what's that
it's called a bobber
bobber what are you doing within tickle
tickle tickle tickle he likes it
good morning ollie you playing out here
with Molly playing with the dog out in
the backyard
good morning guys we are over at the
Jefferson fams house all he is playing
in their big backyard I love their
backyard with all this grass huh that's
a ball yeah today all of our wives are
going out to get pampered for Natalia's
30th birthday we are actually all going
to be hanging out at the house with all
of us with all the kiddos but I think
Papa has a surprise for you later I
think mom already told you right what
Papa's bringing you pull fish and pull
and you guys are gonna go fishing no
let's not open this that'll make a mess
okay
Missy's taking off with the girls
Natalia's 30 flirty and thriving happy
birthday okay go have fun love you yeah
we got doughnuts ladies and gentlemen
Geoffrey just picked up doughnuts for us
and all of the kiddos getting on plates
and everything we're all having kids
plates I'm cool doc they're perfect size
as long as we get donuts I'm sure with
Mimi and pop are here to pick up all you
don't want to take Finn fishing are you
sure I asked him he said no no he don't
wanna go peeking up and figure out he's
like picking up this wrinkles just pick
it up and take a bite
look on my desk oh it's chocolate
watch auntie auntie doesn't much look
she'll live does it oh she's a donut
eating Pro these girls are here eating
this burger ain't only wants the
sprinkles Papa's taking you on a fun
adventure today your fishing pole yeah
he's been talking about this all day who
is it who's on it yeah you can open it
when you go catch some fishies Kay see
that you're gonna catch some of those
some fishies yeah you're gonna make him
like gut them and rip the hook out and
all that good stuff to get that part
okay
trout for real they're giant fish is
that gonna work we might be able to drag
one yeah okay
this is for the fish yeah Papa gettin
your pole ready fishes they're right out
there okay so we got to try to get them
to come in here so which in you do is
you can put your hands like this then
you pull up your mouth like this
you go hey drink it
 this is you thinking to work yeah
my work
what do you think can you talk him into
getting a fish yeah
give them the pep talk the fish pep talk
and go out there and get the fish hey do
you want me to touch up on that test
that means girls worm go get the fishy
okay and we need to send him out into
the lake
kami Ollie you got him no no home in you
got it come in Gary is oak don't let him
pull you in really home it really you
got him don't don't let him fall down
water hi yeah get him reel it in reel it
in kick
alright oli what happened boy my the
fish took your fishing pole you let it
go and now the whole fish you've got the
pole in the water how's about it oh my
god I can't believe that oh my gosh what
happened you can't let go of the pole so
Missy is out enjoying herself with the
girls and she left Finland here
something she doesn't do a whole lot and
finish doing okay
thinking he's definitely hungry now so
it's breath milk time I laid him down
and he actually slept for like 15 20
minutes not very long at all
so we're gonna be do putting a bottle
together for him oh yeah and voila
liquid gold you ready Finn he's so sad
well not now he's all smiling but are
you hungry
when a bottle you want a bottle he can't
give it to them like that we got to sit
down with them there it is out there
stay right there don't move
you get it and you got the fish too
oh my goodness okay there he is there he
is
whoa there's your fish you caught him
look at that and you got your fishing
pole back why'd you catch okay
do you caught a fishy yeah that's him
right there
you cut that fishy you did good job did
you lose your fishing pole did did Papa
get your pole back yeah there he is
that's a big fish you caught what do you
got in your pocket you got a bobber in
there there it is what's that it's
called a bobber
bobber well guys this did not happen I
just got back from the spa which was
amazing I feel like I have not been able
to just like do something like that and
so long I haven't really like even like
gone out with like just like the girls
before usually go out with like Brian
and stuff so it was really nice it was
really fun and super relaxing and I
really really enjoyed it but I was back
and I fed this guy and he's a happy boy
he actually did so good without me I
know there was some times okay right now
he's a dad's name on line she's cute
though so oh my
huh like chill out bro oh he had so much
fun with Papa that I my mom told me all
about it and showed me a bunch of
pictures and some hilarious it sounds
like someone's fun and so he's actually
now upstairs taking a nap in Geoffrey's
room who is this little munchkin hi hey
did you think good yeah you can tell
your hairless great cousin crazy bed
good morning
he stopped so bad how long be sleeved
baby sweater no he might have sweated in
your bed Jeffrey always wet everyone is
uh hey say hi Liz I feel good morning
out of my room in my room okay we are
now at Blackbird tavern and we are
actually all situated out here under
these lights for a Natalia's birthday
all the kids are playing by the big play
sign by the way how cool is this I want
something like this from my backyard
when we buy a house I think that's so
cool
also would you guys look at Holly right
now he's wearing camo skinny jeans and a
Sly Fox like a boss shirt and those are
actual Peyton's clothes huh yeah he fit
in um we didn't bring any extra clothes
to Jeffrey's house and he was filthy
after fishing so he's now wearing girl
clothes and that's okay this looks cute
we told Cassie that this was a very
hipster place so she showed up in a hat
and glasses looking hipster are they
really oh well I am not judging you at
all any more than I thought they were
fake glasses so you could look hipster
wear them on purpose
oh did you actually take out your
contacts that's so funny
whoa nice throw a live one more oh oh
look at these two cuties they've been
hanging out all night Oh Caspian show me
your tattoo okay can I see your tattoo
oh he is so legit you guys that is so
funny you're just like Daddy cuz you got
tattoos all over your chest did you tell
him what he's wearing today yes very
painful but these were
yeah so funny
oli will wear all of his clothes yeah
he's a stylish little boy anything you
want to say to the world right now
they're listening what do you want to
say sorry guys he's a bit camera shy
aren't you
we are back it's been a long day but a
very productive one it's Friday which
means it's full weekend and for some of
you guys that long weekend cuz Monday is
Presidents Day
I believe so that's cool three-day
weekend Bala it has been such a fun day
Holi oh did you have fun day yeah today
all I went fishing he played with all
his friends he stayed up really late did
you have a fun day yeah what was your
favorite thing oh
the fishy the big old fishy yeah how big
was the fishy whoa that's so big to add
the best papa
yeah but Papa is the best Papa huh you
know Papa you can't hold Papa you can
hold the camera if you want oh okay
thoth tell the camera sake hey I had a
fun day but I left her to dig back here
sit down to his mouth ah he's so tired
he just laid his head on me music I'm
tired mama hope you guys enjoy today's
video give it a thumbs up if you did how
do you say thumbs up thumbs up and say
see you tomorrow
tomorrow all right where should we say
buy you the dynastar okay ready go oh
just don't make a peep you need to fall
asleep so you can get the rest you need
start a brand new
you just need to need to be fresh
Oh need to be praised
Oh need to be brave
