and we're starting year 3 welcome to
year 3 you guys I feel like every year
our life just gets crazier and funner
and more full of love probably one of
the coolest things that happened this
year was finding out we were pregnant
with thin-wall in Florida at my wives
with our friends it was crazy because I
honestly did not think I was going to be
pregnant it was totally unexpected it
changed our life like it was kind of
just like the beginning of everything
that was going to be happening that year
we have it so many opportunities this
year things that we never could have
imagined we'd ever get to do in our
entire life the guys traveled across the
globe
yeah the Cambodia and got to see a
culture and a lifestyle that I never
even like knew anything about and it
just it that changed my life completely
I actually got to model for JCPenney in
New York City on a building I should
have never even dreamt up something like
that ever happening and for me getting
to do it I was just insane I think for
me though one of the most humbling
experiences was releasing my very first
EP guys actually got to watch the entire
process of me writing music with my
friends of me going into the studio and
recording songs of hearing snippets of
my songs of me teasing new songs at
vloggerfair in Seattle you guys got to
see me film the music video and then
finally debuting my very first EP like a
lying and seeing it hit number one on
the pop album charts it was crazy
you guys got to see perform live in
front of a packed house at YouTube space
Brian wait wait it was one of the most
craziest dreams that I've ever had and I
never really thought whatever come true
and then obviously the moment that we've
all been waiting for been arriving being
born
that was insane intense and honestly
still life-changing to the point where
I'm like life actually existed without
this little boy and he's only been here
for three months I mean he is so a part
of our life now that I just I can't even
imagine life without him yeah I think it
was one of those surreal moments where
we've always thought about our family as
a family of four who are we as a family
of four and seeing him come into the
world has kind of shaped the future of
our family on December 31st we hit a
million subscribers and that was pretty
stinkin epic that is crazy thank you
guys so much we have no idea what this
next year vlogging is going to bring us
and we're okay with that we just want to
experience you know the joy that comes
from it the joy of being with family
having these crazy fun opportunities
traveling around the world getting to
follow our dreams and we have no idea
how long we're going to do this for what
is in store for us but we are going to
take advantage of every single second in
every single minute that we have while
doing it
that's a wrap on year three of the daily
bumps vlogs oh yeah we proved and out of
this town in all the places we go now
who you the troubles we'd overcome
new super easily check down and all the
crowd
we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you
Oh
