TV starts now ladies and gentlemen
you're hanging out with a Calvin here
you're eating a hash brown not chicken
oh look at you guys they're buddies can
you give him a little kiss on the head
haha it's so cute
Jackson's up here getting some grub good
morning guys today is the start of
hashtag DBE jck winter bake a yeah Ellie
and Jared just showed up with some food
so we basically love you guys and you
win today thank you very much gee we're
gonna go play in the snow who's gonna be
there Elsa and who else
and games yes and Calvin and baby baby
yeah we got this thing filled to
capacity ladies and gentlemen
you
oMG Nyali what is that no look at that
we are right on the lake this is our
cabin overlooking down there he's eating
the snow and then throwing it hello
welcome to Boulder Cove check out our
cabin you guys this is insane
we are floored right now yes so this is
why you are giving out the living room
we will definitely have our Apple TV
yeah yeah we got lots of seating
we got a fireplace a TV gorgeous view of
the lake and the boulders yeah raised
all the adults yeah that's amazing
and look at this kitchen this is like a
dream kitchen like amazing like so many
cabinets
this is definitely kitchen goals right
here you guys
prepare to die double so is me yeah look
at this there's like rocks that's cool
we're all gonna cook dinner yeah we're
all gonna take turns cooking like
breakfast and lunch and dinner and stuff
like that this is an elevator by the way
you know a lot of attacks is good but
I'm hello elevator that's so cool um
this is the fire extinguisher and here
we have our first bedroom our home and
Katie gonna stay in here hey this is
Colin and Katie yes okay cool
they have a patio access right there to
the hot tub hot tub will show you more
of the outside two little bathroom right
here there and a lot of room which we
definitely plan to do laundry area yeah
I only brought three shirts in one pair
of pants that was the rumor going around
and all girl we were like huh and then
another magic okay there's no crying on
DBE jck winner vacate our bathroom which
I really love first we have a nice area
to hang up clothes oh really
oh cool to see with plenty of storage
for all of our things all our crap but
things in afternoon showers which if you
don't know we love showers look at this
shower
tell them the story tell them what
happened tell them what happened all the
injectors in your plane yeah we were
like what trouble can they get it in the
shower all I just popped it open
take a shower on acid soak this clothes
yeah what do we have in here he's got a
Twitter toilet I really like it it's
really cute nice here we got a fireplace
and TV in here too sweet let's go
upstairs we have a bedroom on both sides
we'll go to the left first firstly just
nice little closet to hang your clothes
and then we have a nice big bed so cool
the bed yeah probably the kids room
whether they'll all sleep in here I'm
not sure my foot games in one of the
other rooms oh and a nice little
bathroom here too yeah and then I got a
shower and bath really cool we're on
this side I've got another big bed
picture window where the lake is a
frozen lake lots of snow and lots of
people look at that view yeah it's the
weekend and we're gonna be here during
the week so should be nice to have it
cleared up a little and then there's a
little bathroom back here as well Oh
Holly what do you do it what are you
doing are you going potty what are you
doing in my bathroom get your clothes
back on
we got Jackson mastering the stairs
already go down buddy go down yeah so
down here is actually really cool we
have a little closet right there where
are there are ton of toys and stuff for
the kids to play with and then in here
we got an awesome room here for the kids
to play
couches there's a pullout bed TV and a
little bathroom and extra pillows and
all that good stuff in there so I think
we're gonna put all these down here so
when you mix up you can come over to us
let's go outside
you can see right here our stairs
leading down to the lake beautiful
oli and Jackson already climbing the
bunk bed there oli what are you doing up
there mr. Jackson used to being on my
bed oh my god this is freaky steak joke
I leave in their phone hey jumping P
jump what to a lead on a job I need a
plate is my head Paula kids are gonna
have so much fun here you guys know
Nikki here come on Ollie I can't hold
you come on go downstairs we're gonna go
to dinner so Colin was just telling me
as we were walking in that you guys have
never seen this much snow never in about
33 years or seen a frozen body of water
like that coolest place I've ever been
are these your guys's new jackets this
is one of my new jacket
good repping the YouTube chair hey miss
Jane's for life all right guys we are
out to dinner cowboy steak house lots of
scary things on the wall Oh food
we all just got our food look at our
boys right boys are a little overdone
tonight yeah they're doing good
they're just chillin oh yeah
look who we spotted at the grocery store
oh my goodness it was that we are
getting some groceries for the cabin
filling it up we all doing to breakfast
to lunch to dinner doing good yeah look
at Jackson sitting on his throne of
groceries Susan Anna Ali see Jackson say
hi Jackson
he's in the car Ali look at not crazy
he was very fascinated with that um we
are in the SATA brothers parking lot we
just got groceries and look at this it's
so crazy because you can see the hill is
all lit up because obviously they do
night skiing look at all the different
paths you can do that is beautiful in
that crazy babe hey does anyone think we
should have set the mood a little bit
yeah that's right they have a fireplace
that you control with a remote we just
got back from the grocery store all
these kids are crying but we are putting
away a ginormous shopping trip we got
food for days oh you got it look you got
a rotisserie chicken
oh nice look at the back of her what do
you guys DBE jck twitter vacay Jerrod
hooked it up and got everyone matching
gear with the official hashtag of this
trip on it everyone has a buddy in
t-shirt good job man so cool look Ali
set up for bed oh that is such a cool
gun good yeah yeah mmm
your friend today yes like I'd have fun
all week hey night love you yeah yeah
ah we are winding down for the night
yeah time for bed I'm really happy with
Ali's gang little room set up he's got
blackout blinds which will be nice for
him cuz that's what he's used to oh
pretty go ahead and the vlog but make
sure you guys are subscribed to Ellie
and Jared and : and Katie we will have
their links down below you can check out
all the fun stuff we're doing this week
on their channels as well and it's just
going to be a blast if you guys want to
share your favorite moments with us make
sure you either Instagram or you can
tweet us using the hashtag hashtag ZB
went dbed seek a winter vacay
we'll have it probably on the screen for
you um be out very excited it started
we're gonna chill we've been working so
hard and getting someone so much done
that now it's time to just chill in the
snow day by day Syrah the world is yours
leave your now
raise your hands
and makes the job
you might be scared
