we are all getting together we've got a
big group of people all here and we're
getting ready to eat some breakfast
we're all probably still a little
exhausted everyone exhausting I am the
oxygen that's good that's a lie no it's
so Jared he's always like that
Mykelti like what is going on I don't
know if I slept because I just spent all
night going oh my god did that really
just happen was that really like a night
that actually happened I still like I
feel like I've barely processed it all I
feel like I just got the tip of it and I
wanted to like see everyone indeed
everyone and do everything and eat
everything and I literally barely did
anything so it was amazing though
they and I'm still kind of pop it off
for sure and there's Jeffrey
and then right
Jeffrey did you sleep oh good yeah right
I was like just been sleeping on the
sleep
you slept very good that was tired ye in
the building he doesn't like when I call
him why don't why don't you like when I
call you you good okay CJ show me your
necklace your mom told me you wanted to
sleep with it last night huh you did it
right okay cuz you can strangle yourself
you can get really hurt ha ha we got the
band eating breakfast you guys slayed
last night Slade
thank you guys get some grub hey buddy
got a good muffin you go to the good
friend oh sorry is that a good cookie
anything it tastes good it's good this
is watching himself eat he's been saying
Ollie all day I know they're gonna play
today you're gonna go play with Ollie
okay at Jacksons Rock camp oh yeah oh my
god hey everybody's here we got my fam
in the house so thank you guys again for
coming out so fun thanks mom
post-show breakfast you guys you know I
gotta go hard with that Eggs Benedict
Oh looks so good Oh
are we on goose I don't know just go
with it everyone yeah lately I've been
having babies and just cry marietv so
it's actually nice
morning Finney all right we have a fun
day ahead of us all the girls are headed
back to our house and the boys bye honey
boys meeting the little boys yes that is
actually always done someone got for him
and he is gonna be so excited to play
with you you're actually living the mom
life right now like two of the extremes
all the kids we could actually fit Ollie
back here if we had him that's true home
we're gonna drive home it's like five
freeway changes so it'll be a nice
little yeah yesterday I was like how in
the world do you get around here it's
hard so I'm gonna get my GPS going and
we're headed home just the wrong address
g-unit SI unit Ju and what's up dude I
just notice yesterday we were all
wearing grey and now we're all in our
always you can't tell the light there
you go flipping yourself on Pippen my
selfies but dude this is Collins first
or charlie tell me tell me no because
we're just we're just gonna tell them so
we're just going in the studio today
with my boys let's do this I'm excited
welcome to rehab guys this place this is
awesome is my buddy calling from Alabama
Jared from Utah yeah this is one amazing
welcome to you
is it beautiful dude and so in here yeah
yeah in here is where we actually filmed
the music video for like a lion in this
big ol room yeah they're running the fan
for you already Colin
I'll walk you through this man are you
nervous
put those on your head yeah all right
that's your mic you want to be like
right you want to be like two to three
inches from that okay
okay you got it oh she's got it she shut
mas he has no idea what's going on what
are we doing bro we're uh doing some
really fun today something really crazy
something that's been in the works for a
while actually he's scared stiff in that
booth hi easy that's dancing can you get
a key get Jackson a hug hey ready come
on game my gosh games let me show you
your area let me show you come here
let's go see all right there's your bike
and it's for fan of fans only do you
know what that is they literally all got
in their car
yeah
zookeeper mama helper Hey
every day
oh yeah
you
oli and gains are having a little date
right now they each we're eating
macaroni and cheese and a grilled cheese
and what did you say cool
don't growl yeah they're having a little
conversation over here so much you say
thanks for dinner
oh you enjoy so cute no like what else
can I say
no thanks so good we just got back and
now we're all hanging out every outfit
is over here seep in and leave anything
out Jackson's over here playing and so
is Calvin and we're even watching Ellie
and Jared because jakszyk you over here
grab this book or turn it on and just
like somehow got it right on to his show
oh I am enjoying watching my yeah so
cute hey did you finish dinner nope I
didn't finish it though I'm gonna go
play now me it's what's for dinner yeah
look at us we're all back together again
we got some Texas Roadhouse to go kids
to bed except for this one what are you
doing
look he's wide awake
yes mama everyone blame Katie mayhem he
wants to turn the party you want you on
a stake buddy
my mistake he looks like a snake
impatient is kind of guy I put a little
piece of steak in his mouth like two
minutes ago and you just spit it out you
don't like it I think is a vegetarian
yeah we're getting some Texas Roadhouse
uh Colin Colin Colin strike killed it in
the studio hey just so you know you are
putting cinnamon butter on your baby
Lisa knows the best bit of butter in the
world and to put it on your baked potato
when you make potato it would it's like
a yummy and we turn it into a sweet
taters work putting cinnamon butter on
your baby Lisa knows the best bit of
butter in the bar oh yeah
oh hey uh I just still Cowen's out your
idea because I had 10-block all right so
go check out Colin's vlog I'll have him
linked down below and see what he did
hashtag DBE j ck winter vacay starts now
hang on to your hat hang on to your
boots and your socks yeah I know where's
your toboggans toboggans we call her
toboggans being circular Alabamians are
weird yeah but anyway we're having such
a blast hanging out with our very good
friends Colin and Katie don't subscribe
to that link down below in the
description go subscribe to Ellie and
Jared their link is also down below in
the description got some cool stuff
coming up so yeah man yada by me
the world is yours if you believe
Greyjoy
and makes the job
you might be scared and
