take a morning cally what do you wanna
go see this morning hey should we go
check your dinette wake and see what
it's doing
yeah look at it it's still not hatched
oli but it's closed how big it is tellin
ya gettinÂ´ okay oh can you get
yourself all wet buddy
yeah let cook a little longer it might
be done by tonight okay okay he's like
sure and chuckle Wow mom you're honest
day he has some cereal for you you know
good morning my little poop machine go
right in did you poop blue all over this
morning I woke up and I put him in the
rocket oils getting ready and then I
just here I'm like pooping up it up and
I was like hopefully he doesn't get all
up his bat and I pick him up and he did
it it was not all of this back but I set
him down to change his diaper and it
went all out the side of your leg that's
you boo-booed so much doing outside of
your leg see I just had to clean that
all up and now I've got him dressed
we're actually headed out this morning
we got a couple things we're going to do
and then we're probably gonna grab some
breakfast cuz it's early and always just
eating like breakfast in a bag
huh hey I'm oli I'm sorry no an Irish as
I said sometimes I think that he just
starts saying words randomly when we
point the camera at him because he gets
like excited because he doesn't really
normally talk like that and then I was
like what did you just say yeah kaka
kaka
what's Kaka okay this is cereal yeah and
the cup yep
love yo holy breakfast food Batman this
is our table right now and it is packed
with food
we are Ritchie's diners with Mimi and
Papa so this morning with them all I did
you sleep good and he said yes we said
would you dream about that Mimi and Papa
and I said what were you doing with Mimi
and Papa and playing in the nose no
there's my cute do you think he actually
had a dream though
no he could have just I don't talk it
just being using his imagination yeah
yeah yeah it was so cute maybe he knows
what a dream is though hello mr.
Finley's looking so much because you
can't see them I can you can see my book
you better that's adorable honestly a
little Ben Franklin actually going on
Holly what do you got
show it you got a dinosaur rawr I got a
little pet dinosaur they have like gummy
as you leave the door you can't even
walk away oh you want to open it
okay let's open it later okay
okay take them off the paper yeah bite
him
take a bite yes I knew you'd barely be
able to eat that thing
Wow is that cool yeah it's got a head
and a tail
cool huh all right so I am sitting in
the front seat with Finn
well Brian runs into a grocery store
real quick Ollie is actually taking a
nap so that's kind of nice but today we
have a really fun day planned and I'm so
excited so um if you guys don't know my
dad has been working a job for over 20
years and he is a truck driver which he
basically works really really long hours
really long days he usually works all
night long and then has to sleep all day
and he's been doing this for 20 plus
years it is really hard on his body on
his mind on everything it's a really
tough job he's been doing this for so
long that he actually at this point his
body his knee is actually in so much
pain that if he goes much longer he will
need knee surgery and this is the same
thing that happened to my uncle he
worked the same job for over 20 years
had to do knee surgery and is now
retired on disability as of yesterday
my dad has officially retired as a truck
driver and I could not be more excited
for him I can't believe that this is
something that he actually gets to do
truck driving is really really tough not
just driving you know he's in and out of
trucks all day long he's jumping he's um
he's just doing things that really hurt
your body especially when it comes to
driving at nighttime yesterday was his
very last day he's officially retired
from truck driving and he's now off to
pursue things that are more his passion
his love and he's gonna have more time
for his family
and it's okay so Brian has got back in
the car
awesome awesome had no like retirement
yeah it's got colors so basically me and
Brian had decided to throw a sort of
retirement party for my dad and this is
basically celebrating him making a huge
life-changing move going from this
company that he's been working out for
over 20 years and now pursuing things
that are just gonna be really exciting
for him and my mom and it's just gonna
be crazy so we envira like we need to do
a surprise party there you go
so my dad has no idea about it I just
had Brian run in get the balloons and a
few other things we've got decorations
and we're actually headed to their house
right now to start decorating my mom and
dad just left the house Brian oh cool
dad left probably about 30 minutes ago
we've got everyone here and we're all
basically setting up for this surprise
party he has no idea he's actually at
Lowe's I'm sure my mom's like let's go
do something else um but we've got signs
we've got confetti we've got all kinds
of stuff oh look what else we got we got
these uh I got this retirement survival
kit got dice in here all kinds of fun
stuff kind of cool
officially retired yeah how's it feel
this is the first day of the rest of
your life chip we're gonna clean the
rest congratulations becoming a grumpy
old man
you
if you guys are wondering no CJ does not
have a broken arm what you do think he
broke his beer and they gave you that
huge cast buddy I said we only go to
their room she was started boom she's
made it bigger the nerve of that woman
ah-hah
all right we're going to try and suck
this confetti up
hey oli can you hear me now decider down
you guys scared him
he's like knock it off all right guys we
just got out of the hot tub and we had
such a fun day at celebrating our dad
who is literally just the greatest dad
he has always been such a hard worker
through our entire childhood I feel like
he's really just shown what a hard
worker is some of my best memories as as
like a child has been going with my dad
going hiking fishing camping and he
always seemed to have such a hard time
like getting making time to do that he
can now have time to do that with us and
with oli and Finn it's gonna open a lot
of doors for him like he's always had so
many hobbies and passions for things but
he's never truly been able to do them
and so now at this time off he's gonna
really be able to spend time with family
more and do all the things he's wanted
to do for like years now growing up he
always showed us that when you're a dad
like you have to put your needs and
wants aside because your job is to
provide for the family and he has done
that our entire life he's been working
this job that has just completely
consumed his mind and his body now he
actually has the time to be able to do
the things I he's always wanted to do
with us and he gets to do it with his
grandkids and it's this amazing thing
that like we I think we've always dreamt
about as a kid like one day you know dad
maybe won't have to work as hard because
he won't have as big of a family to take
care of and that day is now and not only
is our dad a big hardest worker we know
he is the most loving the most caring
the
kindness he literally takes the time out
of his day to tell us how proud of us he
is all the time how much he loves us
he's honestly he's just always there for
you he's such a selfless guy he's always
just shown us what a good example is and
it's just the coolest thing if anyone
deserves this it is my dad we're excited
we love to brag about our dad because he
is the best fight guys
all right we're going stop dad I know
you're watching this and you're like oh
my gosh so just take it down a notch
all right give this video a thumbs up
for Papa cuz we love him and we know you
guys do too and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
got it yeah ready bye
so easily
you'll like it
and that's all right you're gonna put
yourself back together
ah
