we just got some really awesome news
about our top-secret project and we are
so excited right now
good morning guys how's it going this
morning my face feels a lot better as
you guys know I had a five cavities put
in on this side and it doesn't it hurt
so much last night I had to take some
ibuprofen before bed because it was just
like a stinging pain sharp sharp pain in
my jaw and this morning it is a lot
better I kind of feel like I've been
punished like I was punched in the face
yesterday so now they were like they had
like metal clams in my mouth and all
sorts of stuff it was honestly kind of
horrific and crazy but I'm feeling a lot
better today good morning guys
so I woke up this morning for a really
big hankering is that a word to watch
grease the grease live is so good like I
am literally obsessed with it cast came
over and she brought something for ollie
and I'm really excited about it what is
it it's an egg it's actually any egg not
just any egg this is an egg that was
actually collected from Jurassic Park oh
wow thousand years old yeah we stole it
Wow so we were hoping to give it to
ollie and then we can watch a house haha
so I believe there is a special dinosaur
Treat in here I'm thinking a.m.
rhinoceros that is not I know I know
that was kidding and you get your
present
what is it yeah you actually don't open
it all with what this egg has to do is
hatch we have to put it in the water yes
so we're going to put it in the water
and then it's gonna hatch in a little
dinosaurs chemical a real dinosaur isn't
that cool
okay you're on go put it in the water
come on empty shell show you what to
doing terrible day be careful with it
buddy so we have a little tub of water
this is going to keep it warm because we
don't have its mama here to keep it warm
okay so put it in there now we wait 48
hours is it really for you
no it takes seven to eight weeks for a
dinosaur 8 to happen oh yeah this one we
put something in the water so it's gonna
make it go a little faster it should
only take about 24 hours by tomorrow
we'll have a little dinosaur
Oh II didn't spider you what do we do
should we put it outside yeah yeah okay
I'll see if I can catch him guys I would
not normally do this my little boy is
too cute I'm not gonna crush his little
dreams ah what's this oh there he is ah
there we go there we go come on god I
love you take it outside we're gonna
take him outside okay today he can go be
hi say hi say hi little spider know what
kind of spider that is can you get in
close you welcomes fire do you think
that is a yucky one let's go set him
free yeah he's gotta live outside he's
not supposed to live inside K you can
live outside as long he doesn't bite
people going there on the tree go on the
trees dumb spider there we go he's back
we in nature say PI spider ready go
he literally disappeared that was fun
huh hey let's go this go inside
yeah the Dino dig alright Olly is eaten
a little snack before nap time right
soon as I put always bed I'm gonna start
on these dishes I got this is do I got
put dishes away that are clean and I
also that you some lunch I try and get
chores done as much as I can while the
kids are sleeping but it can be like can
be really hard cuz this one almost never
sleeps
unless I'm sleeping oh good morning
mister how was your nap it was you're
feeling good hey oli look what we just
got we got something new to add to our
collection
it's green it's Yoda's
Yodas yeah not cool after we got those
first two lightsabers I was like I need
Yoda's obviously to complete the
collection so now we have all three of
them I love it you like that
so mama we've just been lounging around
getting some work done - ewwww
oh you're so happy just took a nap at
the same time and uh dishes done and a
bunch of things now I'm just cuddling
with this yeah get your cut alone get
your cut alone hi Jeffrey quick go get
him Oh Oh the dials egg let's check on
the data wait come on look and see what
the dino egg is doing it's in a pool of
water but nothing's happening yet it's
almost there okay I think it might be
tomorrow after you wake up okay tomorrow
we'll check on him after you wake up
here we go we broke them all out we got
blue red and green
now we fought to get off
oh I said in the nightly okay okay oh he
has forsaken his master hey Brian hey
what do you hear that silence oh I had
not been able to blog in the car and so
long because this little guy likes to
scream but he's asleep and happy I'm
happy
and the trick was is that I nursed him
when I put him in the car seat after I
put him in in at the house so it works
sometimes anyways today is a very very
big day for me and Brian and our family
we just got some really awesome news
about our top-secret project and we are
so excited right now I wish I could tell
you guys more but it's really really
exciting and how the videos I'm
announcing everything yeah we are
actually now headed to dinner we're
gonna meet up with um the Johnson fam
and also the sly fox family I don't know
if you guys have really seen up to them
but they make our sly fox shirts today
was such a productive day I know yours
always done again so much done got
caught up on so much it just seriously
there's been a big killing it yeah
there's been a lot like on my shoulders
and I haven't really like talked about
in the vlogs a lot really try just
forget about it but um we got a lot
figured out and did a lots of that I
think when it comes to the vlogs we
don't like to talk business on here and
we we just want to have fun vlogs and
stuff but we're not going to vlog us
doing work but the truth is is that we
needed the help and Geoffrey has come on
and is literally been amazing it's been
such a blessing for not only our family
that his as well yeah it's totally been
I mean he I know we don't really always
explain every detail but it's been
really awesome and it's been a huge good
change for both of our families so we're
excited
sigh he's not watching anything he's the
only one who wants to socialize with us
ha buddy
so cast me in an ollie airplane with
these little guys cut cue men wait wait
let me see it in the shoot okay it's got
little cue man yeah
they have little magnets on them and so
we're right by this huge metal wall and
it just sticks to it loving that it
stuck to the spoon that's so cool
all he always has so much fun playing
caspian is hilarious we got it we got to
get you some of those cue men huh oh
good his hat now and then this happens
he got so tired out at the restaurant
playing with all those kids it's
honestly really good for him um he's
tired huh you want to read a buck all
right
pick a book yeah you wanna read the
spirit of Christmas yeah
I'll lay with you okay I'll lay with you
all right Ellie Read Me spirit of
Christmas we read the book to me yeah
okay read read it read the pink pages
can you read it yeah okay read it what
are the words say
hey oli guess what tomorrow we're gonna
check the dinosaur egg okay when you
wake up we got to check the dinosaur egg
okay
are you excited for that yeah what do
you think is gonna come out of the egg
oh hey a dinosaur - Kies a dinosaur yeah
you tired yeah okay
while you lay down I'll read a book to
you and we'll see you manana all right
say bye
so we
you'll like it
j√∂rgen purchase
