what is it is it a note is it a drawing
is it a map treasure map sake good
morning how are you okay you know we had
a little mess this morning with
chocolate milk didn't we
it does come come know what how did you
spill chocolate milk all over our nice
white couch yes for those of you
wondering how we keep our nice white
couch so white with toddlers we don't
it's as simple as that we do not there
are lots of little stains all over this
couch but we do our best to clean things
up as soon as it happens so Ollie spilt
chocolate milk all right they're all
right they're all over here and I have
our hand a Daniel Bissell spot-clean
this thing's amazing I got to finish
getting this chocolate milk out of a
nice light couch
we're talking out on the couch you
serious if you really just do that
literally as I'm cleaning this spot this
happens
Ollie come here
what is this spot on the couch chuckle
no yeah no more chocolate milk on the
couch okay give me your cup no more
I think the cup must be broken well I
think the cups broken yeah literally
cannot just like stay ahead in this
house
good as new kinda not really what are
you doing what are you doing silly
what are you doing side morning guys I
haven't been getting ready for the day
and I have not been in our guest room in
quite a while because we usually
actually have been having guests in here
but I came in here to put something now
look what I found
I sound a little jar and it's got like a
little note in it and I'm like who is
this from
I kind of thinking it has to be from
called and Katie because they were the
last ones in here it kind of seems to
something Kelsey and Corbin would do
really excited to see who it's from but
I found um yeah I'm gonna open it here
it hold sin take things who put those in
there I know but if it was tell st.
Corbin then like I really missed it cuz
I came in here obviously like cleaning
and stuff won't be faster they came here
so it it has to be calling Katie
whoever stuffed it in here did a really
good job
yeah I'm not to break this bottle all
right what's your vote I don't know I
was like it's you C&K or oh wait see
okay they're both seeing Kate it's gotta
be : Katie oh it Kelsey already kills um
okay over there
what is it what is it is it a note is it
a drawing is it a map treasure map it's
neither of ours
what it's terrowin's what is this was it
something we were supposed to find I
don't think so mr. lenz like Oh under
she had a Mary hmm I'm sorry Talan
Carolyn house it's for us we're like I
thought we were getting something like
emotional like message in a bottle or
something like that
cousin car you're too nice and calling
Katie
why would you do that oh oh well what
are what I wanted Tara Lintz goals I'm
hurt
her resolutions and she wants to drink
more water drink more water there you go
that's kind of funny babe now I feel
really bad for opening that like I had
no idea
luckily there's nothing embarrassing on
it but still I felt really bad cuz they
probably like we're gonna put this in
here we're not gonna open it until next
year and then I literally was just like
what is this I ripped it out of there
sorry Carolyn if you're watching this
this is crazy
there's people climbing on the car oh
thank you where would you what do we do
on top D get out just keep going forward
keep going forward Jeffery ah ah this is
weird monsters they're attacking the car
agonal a monster get away ah the
monsters are spinning these things on
the car what's happening this is the
work this is crazy that's a scary
monster it's like it is throwing up what
the heck due to these aliens this is not
so what is happening what is happening
I'll be the car wash but oh yeah
is it raining is it uh oh it's rinse Oh
word Oh we're in a car wash
Chopra riding up high
we're in a car wash what did car wash
you guys
cuts the conclusion so fast and I was
like obviously we're in a car wash every
obviously hey what up I'm with Jeffrey
yeah we got a bunch of stuff that's
Moshe yeah
actually now headed to Jeffrey's house
and I'm gonna film a cool little video
um that I don't know if I'm allowed to
talk about it but you may see it on the
Grammys I mean possibly I don't know
Missy I think is gonna take Olly to Mimi
and Papa's he's been asking about going
there to play this fart gun all day
yesterday he would not stop okay
fitness been really good about letting
me put him down the past couple weeks
but the last two days he has been
wanting to just nurse all the time so
I'm pretty sure he's cluster feeding
look at that he's like I'm just talking
on my hand but nursing I was like I
gotta set you down for just a minute
while I run around and do a few things
and he pretty much screamed the entire
time but yeah I'm just finishing up
cleaning up the house a little bit
Olly is taking nap he's going on like
two hours now which is really nice good
that he's like hey you talking about me
I'm going to take him and Finn and go
hang out my mom's and let Olly play and
hang out and Brian's getting work done
right now with Jeffrey so we're gonna go
hang out and today you wanna go play you
won't play he's like no I want to eat
huh I want to eat all the time
good morning Olly hey don't throw things
here's the thing guys um I don't want to
put his Christmas pajamas away because
it's not like he's gonna fit in them
next year so I'm gonna let him wear his
Christmas pajamas until he doesn't fit
in them anymore which means Santa Claus
all year round
today I have chosen a very old t-shirt I
actually got from a friend of mine it
was a hand-me-down it nerd he's got his
nerd shirt brown pants looking snazzy
great go play at Mimi and Papa's yeah it
is a beautiful day out today it's
actually very warm where I'm sitting in
the Sun right now and I'm like toasting
up so we brought out some blankets and
Finn is getting a little not only
me time but a little bit of vitamin D or
soaking up some vitamin D aren't you
what do you think of the Sun feels nice
huh
it's really nice out oh my goodness
you're so Cuban he's out guilt
leo was just running around here and he
literally ran and jumped like completely
cleared this blanket almost right over
Finn he isn't doing it Leo is eating a
kumquat right now and those things
they're like really sour my mom thinks
we should do a kumquat like challenge
for you to who could eat the most yeah
because they're really really sour and
he's just going he's just chomping on it
so this is our kumquat tree and I've
never actually eaten a kumquat but maybe
I'll try this one look good mom you want
one that comes off really easy okay okay
and there don't have any pesticides on
them so you can just bite right into it
I'm gonna go for it I'll never have far
if it's good a super snack or chew it
don't let spit it out so weird it's not
sour it's not that sour then you got a
really ripe one so that's good try and
tell me if it's good I'm gonna stop or
really not like maybe I think it sound
real it really helps to be able to eat
it good never have one before
are you tired yeah you going for a ride
is uncle pushing you yeah you're going
so high are you flying like Buzz
yo gay is called Brian and he dig this
bone now he's gonna go digging down this
life what are you doing you're gonna
take down it on this live yep get daddy
over oh did you got burly tongue yeah
everyone was saying in the comments how
the thing makes noises and you still
make noises for it yeah yeah yet until -
shirt off get mother's binky he's
bringing it he's like you tell me to go
get oh my gosh he dropped in water he
dropped it in that dog's water
I've got fin set up on the couch it's
exactly what how I had always set up
when he was four months old and I've got
him - laughs for the first time let's do
this
ready
I'm a kike ticket you know yeah I give
you it's me not giggling no you are
spazzing him out hi-c - we just got home
after a fun day actually just got back
from my aunt's we had dinner over there
and we stocked in all he is so tired
he's like I just wonder cuz he just
wants a cold always so tired he just
wants to cuddle he's falling asleep so
cute
he's like kind of like half closed he
was playing like all day though he
literally played all day long so he's so
tired karma how was your day did you did
you have fun today looks like you had
fun
but I think we're gonna go ahead and end
the vlog we are pretty tired and it is
pretty late we're gonna put the kids to
bed and relax for the rest of the night
so I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
give it a thumbs up if you did hey did
you want to say bye Boop alright
so easily
you might get hurt and
you're gonna cut yourself
you can run
