yeah you want to hang on that way okay
good morning
oh man I have been cleaning like crazy
this morning I invited my sister over
today well I told her yes I was like I'm
gonna need your help tomorrow today
because I have so much I have to do
which includes organizing my house and I
really don't like the Hyrum cry it just
feel like it takes me a lot longer to do
things especially when I'm cleaning out
like things like up here like I kinda
have to like stand on the cupboard I
can't wear Finn and stand on the cover I
was like ooh Cassie cool and like how
much Finn and oli and we can just kind
of work together anyways yeah Cassie's
been here hanging out the kids even read
a book and playing and I'm have been
organizing like the guest room cuz we
have guests coming this week cleaning
out all kinds of stuff I just have so
many little corners in my house that
need just a little bit of organizing and
a little bit of time and I feel like I'm
just I've just got two kids and I'm
really am still adjusting to having two
kids to be honest and I was kind of
hoping that maybe I could even edit a
video oh maybe I can edit the video that
would be amazing
all right we just got a package I just
ordered a few things let's see what's in
it
oh it's like not out at all
we got some packages here too and I
think those are t-shirts for the party
which are kind of exciting I haven't
seen them or anything but I'm excited to
see what they are let's okay what do we
got in here sometimes Amazon will
suddenly like this huge box and then
they'll be like one little thing in it
oh my gosh I'm excited about these so I
got thin these little headphones or baby
headphones for the parties you didn't
want to hurt us
is tired Oh tire chains interesting
really heavy buddy tires 40 pairs of
Hanover and then a lot of handwork just
basically the start of our winter
vacation and then a funbox for always
today we got cute cute out of it yeah
where's ollie hey guys so a lot of
really fun stuff arrived today and I
wanted to show it to you I have four
ginormous boxes of lion shirts so this
is the design for my like a lion merch
it's got that hand-drawn lion head and
it says the world is yours if you
believe you're enough and these are
actually only the shirts for the party
because we're gonna be doing really cool
like goodie bags with all the shirts and
my key necklaces and stuff what do you
think they're really nice I like the
gold yeah and the shirt feel nice yeah
the shirts are really nice actually yeah
so these will actually also be available
in my very own merch store and I'll let
you guys know once that's up it was
mostly up today but we had a couple of
technical difficulties especially since
it's Martin Luther King jr. Day so I
think it'll be up later but I'll let you
guys know and then we also got key
necklaces so these are all the key
necklaces that are gonna be in the store
and then we also have another batch
coming that are going to be in the
goodie bags for the like a lion EP party
as well so we have these ones there
aren't really cool like beaded chain and
they say these ones say lion oh yeah
these ones say lion which is really cool
and then these worms are really cool
these ones say hope as lion and hope are
kind of like both themes on the EP you
know yeah so these will be available in
my merch store as well they're really
cool we're making them really affordable
for you guys they're on these really
cool like bead chains and stuff and I'm
wearing mine too every once since I got
I got a lion when I'm not at home yeah
I'm gonna be honest you guys this is
where I've been most of the day it's
starting to become a habit when I wake
up in the morning just grab my computer
and start doing work and I was literally
working and sending emails like crazy by
three hours and I was like I'll crap I
forgot to eat so I had to get up and
ready and and all that stuff it's funny
when you work from home the little
things that you find that you do last
night look I was able to organize my
closet so this is really cool this is a
really cool setup that I have going on
now so I have a place for like my keys
and my wallet my little necklaces these
are all my different Apple watch bands
and then when you open this those are
all my different iPhone cases and then I
actually was able to hook up my Apple
watch charger in here I charged my Apple
watch every night I use it every day but
there's no really there's no really need
for it to be on my bedside table so I've
been in my closet now where I would
probably keep like a normal watch so I
have it here charging and then in here I
have like miscellaneous things and I got
my sunglasses and then we picked up
these two chalkboard bins at Target and
I drew little socks on here so I have
all my socks and I drew underwear on
there that was a little harder and
there's currently no underlayment and
then we took Karma's crate and we put it
in this room instead and to replace it
we got a little bin organizer from
Target it's just like a two by two and
so it sits right there by the door right
by the couch and this is where we can
put the record player because we've been
trying to find a spot to put the record
player then we have like bins for
organizing stuff and I have all of my
records in here they fit perfectly which
is awesome
including the record of me which i think
is pretty cool too Cassie came over
today to help out with Finn thank you we
got so much done today look at him he's
fast asleep
I like you repping Star Wars by the way
oh yeah are you a Star Wars nerd now -
my boyfriend is yeah you're gonna have
to be became one look at all this
traffic go away it's so much trash um
I've got tons of trash bags and I've got
tons of donation bags that are going
like the goodwill or wherever to donate
em and see I've just been cleaning out
this room a ton I just changed the
bedding on here got it all cleaned up
ready for her guests and I've been in
Finn's room now getting it cleaned up
because I I'm really bad at organizing
Finn's rooms always still down for a nap
and she was like Missy I really think
that you should try and get the jolly
jump out so I told her he's probably
still
way too small for this but we can see
how he does he's just he wants he wants
to see us he wants you really can't wait
to be able to set up and stuff I don't
think he's quite there yet maybe if you
pack some blankets around him don't run
into the wind
what do you think that you actually need
to go a little higher we put it on the
lowest setting but where do you think of
that Finn he's totally he's only too low
his feet are like dragging Ali is now
awake this is our mission to retrieve
him get him get him get him
you killin kisses Karma
he's like I know that gets crazy are you
a dinosaur you gonna play with auntie
all right oh hey remember your swing
what would you put a minute do you think
he'd go in it oh that's so funny yeah
yeah ok dum-dum Polly whoa they can't
even go up higher Seifer no fire
yeah but Empire how high can you go whoa
couple hours like this little Andy we're
not on it
all these day marks that's when your
spit that's right ha ha
you guys I'm so bummed these are my
favorite pair of pants and they've
started ripping today right at the
pocket - and I noticed on this side look
at it's got like a little tear also it's
like about to rip on this side - I'm so
bad these are my favorite pants look how
big it is now babe right there good job
no head back yeah almost three feet
oh look that's how tall hurt so when you
were 13 months old you were this tall
902 and a half it's almost 3 feet tall I
think it over here I'll tell you lunch
and make the board mm-hmm great yeah
basically right there oh my gosh he's
almost 2 feet then me he's in 3 months
yet almost 3 months we'll say 3 months
is just a couple days time yes oh good
started it's like kids on there babe
thank you I was think I could even go
back with Ollie's and like look at how
old he was
I had oh yeah yeah his height at his
doctors appointments and then just kind
of put him on here all right we'll put
an t48 almost foreign like oh wait yeah
but in the ad Missy they are loved
beyond measure
yep right we are going to love you no
matter how short you are okay fin
because he's gonna be short all right
Brian is hard at work in physical copy
and I I don't even have to sign any I
know we were doing this together no I'm
just like good luck fun oh so this is my
physical physical copy of like a lion
yep it's got the track listening on the
back and then the CD is really
cool-looking
mm-hmm so these will be for sale on my
merch store on January 20th we're only
going to be selling signed copies on the
merch store just because it's easier and
you know people basically get signed
copies or they get CDs now physical CDs
because it's kind of like yeah nice
memorabilia thing it's just something to
keep probably won't even listen to it
that much but I figure signing it would
be fun for people
yeah and it's fun to do and it's raising
gold yeah yeah so that is it's really
nice
yeah looks cool high dark in here we
just had to unpackage all them so
there's like plastic everywhere Mimi and
Papa came over it's a defense it's a
Martin Luther King Day he's got the day
off and we are getting in the hot tub
right there yet oh really oh dang it did
you known for like ever now umm warmish
crap well that was a major fail the
hottub stopped working and it totally
was not warming up and didn't get any
warmer so poor Olli is freezing now he's
all tucked in a blanket and he's now on
to Mars watching monsters always trying
to warm up with a towel and a blankie
huh was it cold yeah what do you think
am I sure
oh yeah it looks great I need to take a
picture for the merchant we literally
don't have like a blank wall anyway yeah
everything has something on it hey real
here we go I hang it on buddy I'm not
hanging on better hang on ha ha ha we
have to brush your teeth yeah you wanna
hang on that way okay keke difficult
course gotta have this little guy always
elders to company up to you
happy happy to you how many up video
video that cool he's gonna spit up all
over me in like five seconds huh Polly
really wanted to jump all right whatever
it's I'm tired for bed you know yeah hey
Ollie but you say bless you
thank you thank you yeah I say thank you
what do you say yeah he doesn't all
right what thank you you're welcome
my god he doesn't care he's in jumping
heaven right now
oh all right I got all I did then and I
am now nursing Finn in the rocking chair
that we got a few months before he was
born in his room and I gotta tell you
there has been very few times that I've
nursing here I don't know why I
definitely used always room a lot more
than I've used Finn's room this time
around obviously just different life
different things going on and it's just
easier to nurse um and like take care of
him in our room now than it was when I
was you know when all I was born I loved
just going in his room and and nursing
and I'm like you know I don't know why I
don't do this more often because it's
really peaceful and calm and just like
it's nice to be in his room and I could
like look at his name and all the little
things that we did for him before he was
born in those days sometimes I feel like
they're coming by so fast and like we're
doing so much and we're constantly like
working on something and doing something
and it's nice sometimes to just be able
to like hang out and just like play with
your kids you know honestly Finn is such
a good baby like he just honestly loves
his mama and he just loves to cuddle and
I love it like I really really love it
oh also by the way I have been feeling
great whatever was wrong with me if
there was something actually wrong with
me as past so if it was an infection and
now it's gone seems to be gone so I'm
happy for that but anyways I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and we'll
see you guys tomorrow which means one
more day till the EP release and one
more day so Brian's birthday so it's
gonna be really fun so let's eh mom bye
while these guys if you believe
raise your
you
