good morning yeah you got a biscuit on
top of your juice don't you good morning
guys that we are out as a family for
breakfast as a breakfast same-same
that's how I get when I have any when
we're all a little hangry we had nothing
for breakfast at the house which is
crazy because usually we at least have
the things for
but we had nothing nothing please stay
on your bottom buddy look at he's
literally like eating me he's so hungry
are you becoming a zombie ah ever coming
up on bait
okay sit up sit up set out one thing we
like to do when we come here is we get
an order of biscuits and gravy and we
ask for it first because it's usually
the fastest thing they can do and after
waiting for a table and getting ready
we're all pretty much starving so
definitely
you
Finn are you okay you cried the whole
way to the mall you're better now though
because you got mama yep me and Finn are
actually at the mall now we have some
last-minute things we got a grab for the
party for Olly and I'm actually going to
go with my brother shopping for
Christmas we got him
like a shopping trip like a gift card
and he just really wants like some new
clothes and stuff and he's also not
really I don't know if I want to say
this but he doesn't like love shopping
obviously he's I wouldn't say he's not
very good at it but he just hasn't often
shop so I thought I'd kind of help him
pick up some clothes because um he
actually might be moving this summer um
across the country and so he's gonna
need some new clothes for his new job
yeah we're headed into the mall we're
gonna meet up with Mimi and Papa Brian
and all they're at home hopefully all
he's getting a good nap we've got Cassie
here to help with styling Jimmy how's it
going Cass
difficult than I thought it'd do he's
just like he's like picky but also what
do you describe him as so simple yes he
wants more simple nothing crazy and you
don't like stand out a bunch yeah the
person we're going everyone goes looking
he's wearing which is Jimmy's
personality he's a quiet guy he doesn't
want to like wear anything that's gonna
like be like too much actually
everything me Missy
we got in like all these different
button-up shirts and like no it was just
like I'm not gonna win the one thing my
mom picked out he loved that we were
like no mom no he's not come when he
walks out this is me this is me like
okay I told Brian needing to come
because Brian's good at stuff like this
but for I really need to always take a
nap so we're trying our best to trust
you me
fashionably stylish but yeah Jimmy he's
got to be Jimmy that's nice
you like the pizza once again this is
Jimmy right yeah just like you
it's simple planned so nice it's very
simple and nice looking I'm back at the
house with Ollie and it put him down for
a nap
he's hopefully sleeping very well yes he
is to be very well he was sleeping for
like 30 minutes and then I heard him
talking and standing up and I was like
no no no you gotta get a better knot
nice I told him lay back down he did and
look who's coming to join me hi hi hi
hello hello hello its me I was wondering
if after all these years you lied to me
what's up karma what's up you just like
to get right in my face I have some time
to myself and I'm debating whether I
play video games or clean or take a nap
and I'm honestly kind of feeling like I
would lay down and take a nap I've been
working super hard this month and every
every month we're always like next month
we'll just we'll take some time off and
we we won't have a whole lot of stuff to
do and then we don't and it just ends up
being crazy or so I've seriously every
single month has been crazier than the
next it's fun I think we have a lot I
think we have everything figured out for
the party so that's really cool we just
have a couple more rehearsals get in our
bed that's how he wants to show baby
party I'm game
I saw that is that no no no you're not
right now we're having way too much fun
doing this though it's someone took to
fell by the bay from from car you want
to set that up all these awake and I
asked him if you want to play with toys
in the first thing you brought me over
to was Hot Wheels yeah you have to set
it up though it takes forever
okay I will definitely do that soon okay
hey where's Captain America where'd he
go
okay you take me to where is he oh all
right we have Captain America we have
Iron Man and Jeannie and a helicopter I
know the Gees broken huh hey I'll have
mama fix him tonight okay yeah hold here
I'll play Iron Man and you play Captain
America sound good do they fight are we
gonna make him fight okay oh man win
uh-huh
he really just wants to play that okay
we'll put together the hot wheels but
you have to say I love you daddy
oh yeah a good dad and you say you're
the best dad yeah it's bad okay I'll do
anything now okay I think we are
officially missing pieces of this thing
because I cannot do this I'm trying to
get it to look like it does on the box
but I just can't you think you can do
these things Nemo but you just yeah
watch this you ready
what okay sit on your bike and watch
yeah it doesn't work right I don't know
why I could always do it before we just
had a great time shopping with the
family we got some really really awesome
deals and he got all Tomic clothes and
it was it went really really good so
that's good and now I'm actually taking
some time to feed bin because he was
pretty hungry he hasn't eaten since this
morning and so I'm just in a car and I
thought you know I'm just gonna feed
them in here just relax for a little bit
because I think Cassie's picking up
Brian and we're going to come down here
and just kind
hangout I though before they get down
here I'm going to try run to Sport
Chalet we went there the other day to
get some jackets no pants and everything
for our winter vacation and I didn't
even really realize it until we got out
of the store and on the receipt they had
charged me twice for the same exact snow
jacket and snow jackets are expensive
especially when you if I could wear them
like one and I couldn't believe it like
I was just like that is a ton of money
to have charged me twice for so I'm
going to need to go to Sport Chalet and
be like I don't have this clothes so I
cannot returning it I just need you to
refund me this money because I didn't
get that jacket so hopefully it won't
sound weird because it does it seems
weird to go and like try and get money
back for something that you don't have
but I think it would make sense that I
wouldn't like pay for a jacket the same
exact racket twice you know yeah I'm
gonna try and get that done before they
come down here and I am feeding this kid
all right
that was quick and easy I was able to
return the non-existent jacket that I
purchased and get my money back for it
and now I'm headed to meet Bryan a my
brother and sister and Olli normal loop
shut up Oh
what yeah cassie is obviously way better
i literally have been like trying to do
this and vlog it and i could never do it
to go around without you touching here
now at cold stone with auntie and uncle
give some ice cream that one is
gingerbread go on try it we try the
gingerbread will do the fudge chocolate
all right we'll do some sprinkles and
marshmallow marshmallow
oh okay they're like couple gummy bears
anything else I did and
his first creation can you tell by Ali's
shark that he is enjoying this showed
that day
show me your shirt oh yeah be proud of
it I never thought I'd be that kind of
herring but they make a mess do anything
about it
yeah is it good yeah you don't like it's
good but you don't like it
oli insisted he needed to stand on the
end of the cart Brian do you remember
standing at the end the cart when you
work in oh yeah I do this all all the
time like this is just perfect type like
I thought that's what carts were for
yeah to just stand on them like that
that's how I get some tuna fish my fish
yeah we're just doing a quick little
shopping trip we have nothing in the
house and we never go shopping is
terrible hey Finny you're just along for
the ride aren't you you're always just
along for the ride yeah don't you take
me huh Oh cute smile yeah Ollie what are
you doing what'd you find
it's an army man but also a stormtrooper
yeah yeah he has a gun huh yeah oh I
don't know where he's gonna go I think
this is actually Finn from the force
awakens Finn meets Finn that's you
well he's named after you well
technically he has the same name zero no
that's not bb-8 that's r2d2 yeah he's
calls them all that they are - D - yeah
all right you guys that is all for
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe and leave a comment
go pre-order my EP you've only got two
days left to do it for the special price
of 399 on iTunes I did want to say too
that the EP release party filled up fast
we were at capacity after like 10 hours
that the vlog goes up and we announced
it so that's crazy
we're gonna have a ton of fun and I will
let you guys know if we are able to open
up any more slots but I'm pretty sure
that we were doing it to like the
building code capacity so be sure to
check out my Twitter for all the updates
on that if you did want to go and you
weren't able to secure spot but anyway
thank you for watching today's vlog
we'll see ya manana tired I hope I'm not
getting sick okay bye
Macie ruff the world is yours if you
believe
and makes the job
you
