and all the kids are played on the
trampoline now are you guys behaving
yeah okay good morning guys I just came
down stairs and we've been getting ready
all morning all day are you ready
you broke your Genie did Carmen do it or
did you do it yeah there you go we
didn't doubt always bring karma for huh
he's like I didn't do nothing
did you break the genie did you break
the genie got thin laying over here he's
looking at his arch-nemesis he's not too
excited about the fact that he's
probably not to get in this pretty soon
huh every morning he wakes up in such a
good mood he's so happy smiling and
giggling and just being like the cutest
little boy ever
and then you stick him in the car seat
and he is done he is just like
completely key owed so um it kind of is
a bummer because you said you morning
guy Han we got to go somewhere this
morning I do have kind of a sad story to
tell you so last night I was cleaning my
closet a little bit and I went to grab a
hanger that was really high and I didn't
know but the hanger had caught on
something and as I went to yank the
hanger down the thing that caught on
literally fell on my head it was the
squatty potty we got that thing like a
while ago and we haven't really used it
it's been up on the closet and it fell
and hit my head so hard I don't know if
you guys can tell there's a huge bump
right here it hurts so bad just to touch
so I proved I just got attacked by a
squatty potty and it's kind of
embarrassing but you Carolee tell
actually so that's good last night it
was like a big old he was like rolling
red and shiny and stuff this morning now
it just kind of hurts but at least it's
not like a huge egg on my head we're all
four out of the house and we are
actually headed to lunch
meet Jeffrey and the girls and Jeffrey
said that he has a surprise for me he
did he said oh I have an idea what it is
really I know you guys have been asking
a lot about like my back like pain that
I've been having and honestly I still
don't have any answers the weird thing
is that it definitely goes away like if
I take Advil it'll go away for like a
day and then it'll come back and I'll
start to feel sick and I take Advil and
it goes away so it's really strange
I was like right in your kidney area
yeah it's right in the kidney area it's
definitely really uncomfortable and the
fact that it makes me sick like I start
getting a fever and I just get like that
overall like oh I feel sick right now um
it's definitely really weird so I had
blood work done and they called me this
morning and they basically told me that
they were a little abnormal and that it
was nothing to worry about but to make
an appointment and come in so I made an
appointment for tomorrow
oh you actually had to go in mm-hm oh
geez so I mean I'm trying to get like
two worked up about it it could
literally just simply be like hey Missy
you should really eat more vegetables
because your iron is really low because
that could really be it and definitely
looking forward to what they had to say
because I really hope it's nothing that
big of a deal my other theory is that it
is the IUD that was placed about a month
ago and I've just been reading a lot of
people's stories about it and I kind of
feel like I want to take it out just
because I think it could be potentially
a problem fin didn't cry that entire
trip to see that never happens for once
we are out of place and I don't have a
headache
alright I'll hold you come on we're
gonna get food with pay and live yes and
you look very cute I like your hair say
thank you
they're all attacking me with makeshift
swords all right so to fight each other
all right we are now at Panera we got
all the kids she's gonna eat it now
that's a she said dude have you trained
her for that or what we know way too
much that's so funny
but we're here with the Jefferson fam
Eileen's biting into that Apple I got a
really big salad and I am so excited
about it and I'm also very excited about
this Geoffrey ordered my Ultimate Ears
and they came today so I'm going to open
them right now
did you already look no you didn't look
okay it's really excited thank you yeah
thank you for giving us money
oh whoa wow I mean well it's a metal
case gee that's legit oh my gosh this is
so cool so if you guys don't know these
are my interior headphones to monitor
during the performance imma never I
perform I'll be wearing these are custom
fitted
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh oh my gosh those are
so cool and they're really good you see
that yeah so they're wooden and they
have my initials crazy oh my god I love
them don't worry but I'm gonna get them
all dirty
that is so cool my first pair inner
headphones it's getting legit darkness
the yours fell yeah more years of school
is this your over at Mimi and Papa's now
and they got a couple of cool additions
for the little custom park we have a
parking sign reserved parking for Bama
fans only this is all in honor of Mg and
we'll have to put it out of spot with
all the cars and trikes and stuff and
they also ordered another sign you guys
know we have this little space for rocks
for Jackson so they ordered Jackson's
garden sign look at that so we have all
the rocks here and then we have the sign
says Jackson's garden and it even has a
little pile of rocks on it that is so
cool I love it and all the kids are
playing on the trampoline now are you
guys behaving yeah okay get your
stringing out on a Finley Lane doing
some jump in
oh yeah
Hey
Oh
les yeux
I'll let you
we can do this faster
wrap it up skin tight let's say Wilson
right little closer wanna feel you
harder go take it further
Oh get me comes get a-movin we gotta get
moving back and feel ya
hey let's
laughs
Oh
that you would
let's go
that's you
I know right
oh that's enough she'll be all right
I've got all the way down for a little
nap
I've got Finn sitting here at his little
rock and play he ain't gonna be good for
me yeah and I am starting another
project I'm going to work on this closet
it is just insane in here everything is
so unorganized so many clothes that we
don't wear that I need to donate the
just start over and try and organize it
a little better because sometimes you
don't wear clothes because they're
buried under tons of other clothes you
ready are you gonna be good while Alma
does this I can be good yeah all right
progress has been made
check it out I made Brian come in here
and get rid of tons of clothes that he
doesn't wear and basically donate a lot
of it and then I organized it so he's
got like his tank tops his collared
shirts his sweaters the 3/4 long-sleeve
shirts he has crewnecks v-necks they're
all organized now do a little bit of
work that needs to be done for sure but
now I've got piles of clothes these are
our winter clothes these are my
maternity clothes these are clothes
we're getting rid of donating trash I'm
excited having all that done Nana please
you want a banana okay we'll grab it
grab it
he's too weak I'll help you there's
banana yeah let me open it
whoa say thank you Dada say I love you
daddy
yeah say you're the best dad in the
world got a train um uh hey guys
we have been binge-watching making a
murderer on Netflix we were all sitting
on the couch together and like two or
three hours of past Missy and I were
like we should probably start making
dinner so I'm just throwing together
some tomato soup and some grilled cheese
sandwiches cuz that was easy right hands
like : so cold
you're so dirty all right we are in
dinner and machine I have started the
binge watching again of making a
murderer Missy what do you think about
this show it's so crazy it's absolutely
crazy
I just really hope that they have an
answer to the show yeah who murdered her
oh this is crazy it's amazing that we
live in a world where this happens
this type of injustice happens it's it's
crazy it's so great I feel like I've
learned a lot about like different types
of people in the world the fact that
it's really great so no one is sacked
out you guys I'm going upstairs with him
now
only what's up buddy you're in the
shower I'm fine I love you
today was a really good day I actually
got an email from iTunes Canada and they
are interested in featuring like a lion
which is really crazy because iTunes
Canada is the second largest iTunes
market that there is u.s. obviously
being in front of that but it's just
really cool and a total honor so if
you're in Canada be sure that you are
checking the iTunes Store front page for
this face cuz I'll be there somewhere
just really fascinating yeah I also got
some of the stats of like a lion the
pre-orders have just blown me away it's
been insane so thank you guys so much
for all of the support on the EP if you
have not pre-ordered it now you have
four days to do it you guys four more
days until like a lion is officially out
and until the one-year anniversary of
releasing this is home my very first
single on iTunes so my days till your
birthday and four more days till my
birthday you guys don't know I mean in
the middle of the trifecta oh yeah more
but as Christmas his birthday and
Valentine's Day yeah way too close
together you better spoil me done so I
asked for Talia asked boy should be
spoiled also just a big reminder
pre-order price for like a lioness 399
and that goes up after January 20th so
if you want to get the EP get it now
because it's super cheap if you do it on
iTunes by the way that's only on iTunes
but the EP is available on Google Play
and Amazon and all that stuff um as far
as fundraiser things we are still
working on doing rewards we have a
couple companies that were are working
with us to help us get things out to you
guys so we're working on that stay tuned
to your emails because you will be
receiving one from us very shortly but
anyway that's all for today's vlog I
hear Ollie screaming for man he's
supposed to be in bed Jane you're in
there talking about me my alright thank
you guys so much for watching if you
enjoyed give a thumbs up subscribe leave
a comment gonna leave a we'll see you
tomorrow bye boo
you
