hello and welcome to today's vlog
everybody is a there's something on the
camera
oh is that crazy things you find on your
camera you guys musi sings all the time
they get around okay there's a lot going
on on the front of this camera hey guys
how's it going today I got a lot done
for the EP release party hired a
bartender been fun planning this for a
past couple days but kind of stressful
and I'm kind of getting to the end of it
where I can just enjoy it and wait for
it to be here I got ollie down for a nap
and Missy's actually headed to Urgent
Care because she was in a lot of pain
earlier today and I'm just I'm hoping
that they figure it out because whatever
they're giving her is just not working
so I put ollie down for his nap and
literally the only way he wouldn't
happen is if I laid with him he kept
saying dad dad lay with me and I was
like I cannot lay with you so I put
karma in there for the job and it's
proving quite difficult but he's staying
in there ollie lay down and close your
eyes oh my gosh I don't know if this is
gonna work
while the gun in it okay guys thanks for
your help karma by standing in front of
the big mirror and Missy's room because
I'm trying to figure an outfit out for
the EP release party and yes that is a
but in the corner that's the fake but
for when we did the butt flap ring okay
so I'm trying to find an outfit that's
comfortable I want to look nice I'm
gonna be on stage I'm going to be
performing so I need something
comfortable so this is what I threw
together so I've got my published
joggers black shoes these are really
comfortable these are really comfortable
and then I got a couple of these really
cool feathered shirts from Urban
Outfitters and they're like longer in
the front and back and they like dip up
on the side what do you guys think of
that I have a couple different options
too like a long sleeve and then this
one's like a little bit different neck
size too and look what else we got I had
to order a megaphone it goes along with
the performance that I'm doing so you
want to see you just have to go hey guys
so I just got back from Urgent Care what
we did I spent most of the night in a
lot of pain from what I think is like
some sort of kidney infection I have a
fever all night been on antibiotics for
like four days I'm going on my fifth day
so I thought that's kind of weird that
I'm still having pain and on antibiotics
I should go in and have it checked but I
don't know what's wrong basically they
checked my urine again and it came back
as like zero bacteria in it they really
don't think it's a kidney infection now
she was trying to say it might be like
just like a pulled muscle but I don't
think it's a pulled muscle because I'm
sick like I'm I have like a achiness
feeling I have a fever and that doesn't
come from a pulled muscle not to mention
like it's not like if I pick something
up or twist or turn it hurts more it's
just like a steady pain in my back she
really just doesn't know what to think
it is and I don't either so we did blood
work you're gonna have her check all my
blood and make sure there's nothing else
going on and everything seems to look
good and that comes back good that I
have no clue I am looking forward to the
blood work because if it does come back
good then I feel like it'll put my mind
at ease
because I just get worried like
something is wrong or it's going to get
worse whatever it is because whatever it
is seems to be making me sick Finn's
been with me all morning huh
mr. karma wants to give me some comfort
huh I love you I missed you yeah come
cuddle with Mama you won't play outside
oh maybe well maybe we'll go play later
okay yeah I'll move this Bubba over oh
look at my babies I love you I am
honestly the best at making toddler
lunches holly is data the best at making
lunch thank you he's got so many goodies
here we have grilled cheese some Teddy
Grahams some Cheetos some Mickey Mouse
veggie chips and carrots mm-hmm is that
your Dino Lalli is all dressed up look
he's got his everything is awesome shirt
everything is cool when you're part of a
team right buddy
do I see how it's stinking cool my kid
is right now he's just slurping on a
Capri Sun with his beanie on got his
converse you just looking sly buddy also
you destroyed this today you had so much
fun playing today didn't you oh it's
kind of looking you it's Carmen looking
you hey can I have a drink of that and
in this corner we've got Finley Jay
he rolled over today he is walking check
this out no he's not gonna walk no he's
not
no is that oh my gosh kind of oh my gosh
all he car my getting a little brawl
over here is we're at Sports Chalet
because we need some things for our big
winter trip and apparently the Stars
puzzle is so there's like nothing here
yeah we're really excited for the DBE JC
cake winter vacay were like super stoked
but we've been so focused on I know this
is crazy
we've been so focused on the party that
we barely had any time even think about
the winter vacation are going on with
all our friends so we definitely winter
clothes and we're hoping for chilly
would have everything but seems like
they just have like shirts and pant
see that's where we want to go that's
what we want to do that's how we're
going to go yeah if we can find winter
clothes you got there ollie that's a
very big net you want to get it mama
put it on yourself ollie
we think I do you interfere but this
amazing thing percent off yeah like yeah
I'm not possible
yeah
do
Wow Oh mitten yakeen take a bite
not with that Ollie no haha
so we just got back from dinner and all
he could not wait to play a hot new bike
he clean up his whole playroom okay he
helped okay he helped clean up and now
he's riding his bike all around he just
got to teach him to push the pedals
I was the brighting him earlier with a
sucker he if you push it with your feet
then I'll give you sucker okay yeah so
you have to push the pedals with your
feet huh
oh there's a star on there okay put your
flow right there on me and put your foot
there and then just wash your feet and
push it in if you do that you get a
sucker okay hmm
I think bribery is the key to this kid
learning he doesn't quite understand
bribery but he will in time he'll learn
when he does the thing I'm telling him
yeah whoa whoa okay okay all right get
back on then ring you'll bail uh-huh can
you ring your bell no no things like I
want to play thanks for watching
someday soon you can ride with your
brother cake you can just stand right on
the back with him and he'll take you all
around me be in Papa's Park so you free
in the bowl can you bring it ring the
bell he doesn't even care you guys Vinny
just had a very pleasant warm shower
with mommy don't put that lip away Oh
put that lip away put the lip away
perrolli that doesn't work on Finn like
it used to work with Olli when he was
over there we go that's better huh he's
so cool
Oh get those crazy eyes there you go
buddy love you anyway that's all for
today's vlog a new blog hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did sure to give it a
thumbs up and subscribe and leave a
comment and check out those links down
below look
your mama you keep you I get you thank
you guys so much for watching today's
vlog we'll see you manana key say bye
bye guys be sure to cause a lot of
thumbs ups
yes it will have to train him to say bye
like all he does okay that you say bye
Maisie ruff well these guys if you
believe you
and makes
you
