aha
I literally just lost you everywhere
good morning guys e good morning all I
just got out of the shower he's running
around
rampid naked crazy child you're crazy
and I am in cleaning mode well cleaning
mode with two kids is like a juggling
act I kind of make sure he doesn't get
upset trying to keep this one in control
while also trying to organize some stuff
I've got a few areas in my house but it
is really dark in here
are just really unorganized and needs to
be some stuff thrown out and stuff like
that so I'm going to try and do that
target you guys though and you set the
baby down he starts crying hey no it's
not not necessary
ya know hello everybody and welcome to
the vlog today I am with Jeffrey and I
have a couple meetings here in LA we're
headed into the fullscreen building and
then we also have another meeting at
YouTube space just getting a lot of
things ready for the EP release party
and making sure that we have all the
information we need some cool stuff
coming up Missy is meeting us later
today for dinner with Mike and Ashley
yeah got a busy day this is the first
problem area that I really need to work
on as you can see there's a lot of games
board games we've got jackets and then
we just have a lot of things just a lot
of stuff I mean look at this it's
literally busting out you see a game yet
that's the fishy game
well you can't clean with your kids not
right now baby we're gonna do something
else okay so yeah I have to organize
this it is just completely stressing me
out there's a couple others this office
right here I know you guys haven't seen
what's in it in a while
test you guys it's a total disaster a
lot of boxes from Christmas are in there
and just like trash and things that just
need to be organized so I'm gonna try
and get a couple things done we are do
have somewhat of a busy day
toys you wanna play with your toys go
put as your choice Wow he wants to grab
my hand okay okay taking you over there
all right there's your toys you play and
I'm gonna clean okay hmm all right you
guys we are at YouTube space la and I'm
getting a little tour this is really
cool this is the viewing room behind
where the stage is going to be Oh
photobooth awesome laughing yeah I think
we definitely should use that pair
that's gonna be really cool for the
event oh the mirror room you gotta have
the mirror room we've moved the damn
cars cuz we start oh yeah this is cool
dude we should do a music video here
this is cool they have all sorts of like
sets and stuff set up for creators and
I've never been here it's my first time
to the YouTube space oh no one's gonna
back away before rest in peace Zayn look
at him he's so mad getting ready to take
off this is digit one d-day
what's the this one is
my boyfriend it was a it was like a
seven hour livestream on this page oh
really it was so fantastic so these are
the ready sets they have here and they
so fun that's awesome
do you need to get anything I checked
out there Jeffrey you a little doctor's
office a little New York office space
you got the you got the building's
behind there it was cool yeah there's
your Lowell you know this is like a talk
show set like you can you could like
bring a guest on right here okay I'll
wait a minute out of the window the
Boxee there's so many places you could
like shoot in here you know if your desk
are there there it's definitely very
hipster
how fun would it be if your job was to
design like a success like this yeah
Lisette designer we work with often
she's awesome
haha I literally just lost you
everywhere I just searched the trash I
searched my closet I searched everything
and I finally found you in the toy box
all I must are not the toy box is like
it's like a pretend to a box that always
made a toy box you guys were just a
stuffed in here with this on top glad I
found you
I'm organizing the closet which by the
way oh I think it looks awesome so far
basically hung up all our coats that
were probably hanging on the ground put
all our bags and things that we might
need to like grab games are now
organized I actually did a little put a
little basket in here for like scarves
and hats and things that we probably
don't use very often I have a few more
wraps I'm going to put here just like
all my like carriers and stuff so I can
grab them on the go if I need to and
then just miscellaneous shoes I have
like so much clean laundry as I am funny
it's like coming out of everywhere clean
clean all those are clean is clean clean
but I just want time to fold it ever her
biggest project that I've been working
on is getting these two kids to sleep at
the same time
that's okay that's right I got both in
the sleep at the same count time now
Finn he never sleeps is a stinker about
sleeping when he's not in my arms but I
laid him on his belly which I don't
normally do but because I'm kind of
keeping an eye on him and I can watch
him I thought I'm gonna try it for nap
time and he's gonna sleep for so far I
would say a good 15 minutes so I'm
impressed
and I probably wouldn't let me sleep
like that at night but for during the
day me like running up and down like
doing stuff and checking on him often
I'm like let's just whatever works right
now whatever works look what else they
have here Star Wars battle pod going in
oh my gosh this is so cool
whoa there's a GoPro in here this is
sick
look at this battle pot I'm like right
in front of a screen this is so cool oh
wow oh oh yeah
my ceiling
Oh
Oh Susie here whoa
oh this is my house
that's great yeah VI bag good whining
mate you wanna play a famous good
morning
he's hot so good told him when he wakes
up that we'll go play with pay and live
cuz we're gonna hang out with them later
Finn is about to roll over look at him
look at him lolly look at ever oh he's
getting so big he he had his bottom
basically completely turned around but
he can't figure out what to do with this
arm huh it's a tough one
yeah pull that arm out look at that you
can twist almost his whole bottom just
like this but he just doesn't know what
to do from there I think I folded about
three loads this is all folded and ready
to go upstairs and so I'm feeling like I
got a lot accomplished today but we're
actually gonna be going to Disneyland or
Downtown Disney area with Natalia
Natalia has been driving over there and
then Jeffry and Brian is gonna meet us
later we're gonna go see pay and live
yeah
hold me you're so cute
okay I'll hold you in just a minute k we
gotta get ready to go all right I'm with
Natalya and we are headed to Downtown
Disney we've got all the kids in the car
Ali he's a forward facing right now when
she's pretty excited about
my supplies what's next and woody that's
not buzzing woody what are you guys
watching live Dora the Explorer I have
like a little QV up here and they can
watch so I thought I'm gonna face him
forward so he can watch TV with everyone
else all right so we are now in Anaheim
and we are going to Disney we're gonna
be disneyland hotel friend we're gonna
go turtles kitchen Mike I'm gonna hang
out with Mike and Ashley Kosta they have
a daily blog also yeah yeah Jeffrey's
logging a same time so the same time but
um it's been cool hanging out and a good
day or any meetings and stuff and a lot
of fun excited to see Missy and the boys
and awesome like cement food hi and the
girls so and eat some food cause we
haven't eaten all day eaten all day it's
gonna be all day at Goofy's kitchen we
don't know what to we don't know it's
like what is Google a dog food
there could be dog food there anyways no
no I hope those here so we'll probably
be down Missy is almost here so
hopefully and that year yes yeah tight
wallet there was a lot yeah he's like
come on what are you doing but um it's
gonna be good time you read I'm right
I'm ready are you ready I'm excited okay
cool
you
we have arrived at Goofy's kitchen I
said starting with characters isn't
gonna be character sir oh this this
character is gonna be there
Ollie what's up me aha are you hungry
I love you did you miss me hey you want
to meet goofy oh go on in buddy
hi oh I love you yeah I'm cute oh yeah
what is that buddy there's a car just a
little late it's okay we're starving
really I'm I I'm shaking like I'm so
hungry I'm shaking it's okay though hi
buddy
hey let's go me goofy I'll hold you oh
here we go
before we go eat all he's got to meet
the chef
Alyssa ago asking for pizza pizza hey
goofy all you want to get my high five
no
do you think I am
yeah you're gonna cook for UK can you
pet it like a doggy
there we go
oh is that chip or down yeah Jeff okay
this is notice like a chocolate chip
like a squirrel hey hey
do your screwball hey squirrel lolly is
so excited cuz Pluto's here give a group
hug go Ollie go go give her a hug
go give them all a hug oh good job oh
all he's like where's the food
c√≠cero we found Pluto you find Pluto
yeah
can resume his girl oh no yo goofy goofy
we swing it swing it Ollie swing it he's
trying to do it like all the big kids
are doing alright we got Ashley holdin
baby Finn who is conked out thank you
good job if you guys remember Ashley
she's the one who her and Mike are
married they live in Utah and she's the
one to us to Dancing with the Stars and
now they're here doing another dancing
thing for Disney it's awesome he might
like that the same with the way things
are going now he may enjoy a family of
five yeah so if you guys don't know Mike
and Ashley also have a youtube channel
so be sure to go check them out I'll
have a link down below in the
description Dale is chasing all the way
around the table now
Ollie has just been running running
around with all these kids all night
hello guys we are home now today was a
long but very successful day I got so
much done as far as the EP release party
but also look what I just ordered i'm
fatty cannons baby figure they'd be
really cool to like fire off into the
crowd during the concert they have to
put that job in Jared and Colin's hands
while I'm performing hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlogedy blog if you did
click that thumbs up button subscribe
leave a comment go check out the
pre-order for my first EP on iTunes
Google Play and Amazon links down below
in the description anyway that's all for
today's blog I say manana I hope to get
my teeth cleaned Amaro
raise your
and make
you
