take a morning what just putting them
out you put two in your mouth you put a
toy frog in your mouth give it to me
give it to me give it to me you're crazy
you can't eat this it's fake but the
question remains would you eat it if it
was real do you want to eat a frog No
good morning guys today's a very
exciting day oli look who's on the TV
who's on the TV mama yeah that us Maci
and I are seriously so honored to be on
an episode of youtubers react by the
fine brothers it's really really cool
it's our very first episodes the very
first thing they had us react to when we
were there too and it was so much fun
and like Colleen said in the video it's
like a rite of passage as a youtuber to
be on a show like this I know and it's
crazy that we could have been in the
youtubers rewind oh yeah
yeah those are both like Syria it would
have been so cool if we would have
reacted to ourself being the rewind yeah
I'm not so mad you were born on the 24th
yeah when they're filming it but it was
seriously it was crazy and we were
invited to that and I was like what is
this really happening and then we're
invited to do the fine brother things
and it's it's just really cool to see us
on the show because I've always just
been a huge fan of fine brothers so go
check out that episode I'll have a link
down below in the description very cool
stuff so name good morning Finney hey
you don't even know what's going on
right now do you oh yeah you day we have
a couple of things and errands to go run
it's Sunday and I am craving some fun so
let's go get some fun let's go get fired
up yeah dinosaurs bite did you put you
put your toys in there he does like to
put toys in that let me see
Oh yep he had the Frog did the dinosaur
eat the Frog fun okay
well better him than you okay ready all
right so our normal place was closed
today because it's Sunday so I found
another one is called phenomenon I love
what they do with the word song she
likes when they make like a pun out of
it um we have lots of fun oh man hey
Finn do you scream up an appetite all
the way over
he's probably starving and all he is
fast asleep so that's nice let's go have
some fun
thank you he likes me garlic butter
escargot
no thank you what do you think of this
place I like it already like the other
one I think she likes it one of the
other one because there's other things
already because miss does not really
like fuck yeah but I really like
feelings I had something like there but
number one reason why I like it if they
have a drink for me where's the other
thing yeah lemonade and I don't drink
soda so it is hard for missing sometimes
in all places like she you would not do
that in my bed in foreign country to
like bring her own drinks I just dream
like those little package support oh
yeah probably Hanabi a good idea and all
he's still sleeping so it's plus cuz we
get to enjoy lunch
kind of he's friendly been finicky Finn
he's gonna keep it is literally finicky
Ben have we told people that's what we
call I don't know we always come to keep
their mouth so finicky you show up that
way you've got little crabs on us yeah
and it says I'm snappy and you
definitely are snappy today oh my gosh
you know just sitting here he's like
ain't no zero-to-sixty
you're amazing that whatsoever yeah all
right we have all our goodies and tools
lime bean sprouts
what is this mint Oh basil yeah spoon
and then of course sriracha and hoisin
sauce
oh the hoisin sauce
Oh sriracha yeah see sriracha
like that's like quinoa Chuck yes yes
Nazi Racha yeah and this matters why
Lucas Avery correctly okay oh it's s RIR
so yeah sriracha see Roger this is your
hot shop see a front shot look at this
beauty you guys OMG looks so good so I
got my rare meat in there which actually
came out rare the other place it's like
cooked by the time it gets to the table
but so it's like cooking in this broth
with noodles
we got bean sprouts cilantro hoisin
sauce sriracha so you're at sriracha
sorry I basically just have noodles and
be
and it is and sauce you like it so funny
cuz I tweeted about wanting fun today
and Collin sent me a picture of his blog
where he was blocking his paw I think he
goes every Sunday like after church I
was like it's so fun because he got me
hooked I'm like I don't get it enough so
good so I'm going to dig into this all
he wanted to ring you flowers you're
about to party over here all I was
always gonna play and my dad is setting
up the real fireplace with real wood
this one's the gas fireplace which is
nice
keeps us warm but this one will be nice
when you want to like cook s'mores or
just kind of sit around a fire that
really keeps you warm it's kind of a
chilly day so everyone's out here
playing holi you jump it with uncle he
it loves it out here it's so cute Oh
what say more balls in here oh he wants
the big ball huh no good
I missed Oh ball got it oh my goodness I
think he's gonna hurt you ollie all the
balls are in now we just need to get all
kinds of those little balls like from
per ball pit and just fill it in here
that'd be so fun like what if it was so
full you couldn't even open it like you
had to climb in from like the top of it
that is how cool I hope that yeah hahaha
alright we're in the backyard weather
have they seen the backyard at night oh
yeah so what ASA it's like it's we can
see everything so it's really really
nice sitting here by the fire
yep and we can watch all we play and we
you really wanted the cars right now we
drive the car you ready
ready oh my god out here yeah like it
just oh I know
it like turns really cool this is look
cool and I like it it's like dad hey
guys okay why's he go under
he's not even dared yeah three two one
all right we are grilling up tonight cut
up some green yellow and red peppers and
we got steaks on the grill who can make
room for peppers these steaks are a
little smaller so we got a couple extra
cuz we like to eat steak in this house
oh yeah that'll be good
what's this box thing on there that wood
wood chips together a little woody smell
oh really oh that's cool you won't even
know that you're doing it you just
didn't slow enough yeah Cassie uh was on
the swing with him she gon sleep it is
amazing he's been kind of crazy today
he's going to attempt what it impossible
and I told her this yeah Rocky I know
right
thinking you could put down this child
even though he's asleep
alright what's gonna happen gently
laying down place your bets
what's gonna happen don't even though
that's not gonna work
oh okay oh he's pretty out but can you
drop your arm off and leave it chop your
arm off Kathy okay I'm gonna give it
three minutes
whoa going down the slide whoo that's
the hot Schmo time look at these cool
new Roasters we got two there extendable
on it Oh hahaha it's Jess you're
Charlie's like oh that's mine
he's my friend they look amazing
literally killing it right on this those
marshmallows are dead
like the perfect gold knee around my
kitchen on fire are you talking about it
is likely I know okay is it are these
done bars are done
yeah well just keep them warm I'll get
the stuff look at these toasty hot
schmoes good job baby
have you been arrested you too I think
Jimmy watched a YouTube video on how to
do this have you ever read a blog post
about roasting marshmallows many videos
and I still suck at it like this you
warm them up there you go it is so good
warm and toasty girls cowbells yeah show
me your cowbell we've moved on from the
truck to the helicopter get you you're
just gonna sit over here bro all over
huh hi oh just out of range okay kit
kitchen okay it's okay
so Jesus
get it ollie
all right you guys that's all for today
is a blogging blog I hope you enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up and subscribe and leave a comment
just a big reminder that my first EP
comes out in less than ten nine days for
you guys ten days for me 9 days that my
EP will be released so be sure that you
have pre-ordered it on either itunes
google play amazon all those links are
down below in the description please go
check them out and hear a bit seen the
music video I'll have that link down
below too so you can check it out right
away
I'm going to end this thanks for
watching we'll see you manana bye Maisie
rough world is gone
raise your head
and makes
might be scared and that's okay
j√∂rgen purchase
