are you enjoying the snow Olli no yes
you are
you're cold
you
good morning Carrie kiss you watching
woody again
you
Oh
please come morning hahahaha is so cute
buddy hi baby
oh alright we have just walked down the
steps from our cabin
no matter cabin there's no cabin and we
just walked down we've got the lake
we've got a snow everywhere and we're
all bundled up even though it's honestly
not that cold probably like 40 45
degrees out yeah really not bad
but it's it's like fun to kind of also
get dressed up and plus were we playing
snow so we don't want to get like wet
and cold but we've got Finn here he's
all bundled up sleeping being so good
oli he's all stop eating the ice baby he
we can only get one glove on him but he
doesn't up okay he won't keep on that
one glove anyway so what do you think my
jacket your jacket is very uh 3d tog
lychee
yeah thanks what this is really cool cuz
the cabins like right on this Cove and
we have these huge boulders yeah
lime on so we're just gonna play with
the snow explore the ice always yeah I
think we buddy we even have some sleds
that the kids can just kind of like do
some fun little sledding just right down
here so I'll be fun no look how cute you
are
Ollie come here stand next to Jackson
feet there you go
but always on the wrong time stop by
this way bye
somebody wants to know
you're not we won't let go
here we go
I wonder if you
are you enjoying the snow Ollie's yeah
yes you are you're cold what a party
pooper don't you know that you can't do
this to me you have no right to poop on
my party this is such a cool little spot
you guys you have this little Hill we
have the leg it's frozen over it's just
absolutely beautiful
always on the wrong time
stop
why
Oh sounds good
Oh
okay oli would like to attempt to climb
this rock this huge rock huh
we're gonna try we're gonna see how far
we can get
you've got no chance
Oh
you found those
Oh Oh
you can't blow chair
Oh No
all right back at the cabin Ollie's
eaten an inner mmm alright alright calm
down you gotta take a nap soon kay yeah
he's watching some YouTube we are trying
to control the kids get them down for a
nap yeah I could totally take a nap it's
nice being here with all our friends who
also have kids because whenever like
someone needs help someone just grabs
them you know you've been holding Calvin
the last leg no it's all good and Ellie
is making us some lunch we're doing a
chicken pot pie
that's awesome I thought that was gonna
be a dinner I was like you're making
homemade chicken pot pie for lunch
it's good and it's not yeah
I'm sure it'll be amazing everyone has
just kind of been taking turns making
meals for the others and it's working
out quite well
what happened babe oh this girl you go
hard I love you you are the best raise
it myself to bed oh we're so tired if we
were smart we'd all close look what we
just pulled out of the oven
Ellie you killed it so you put a thing
did you put it on the bottom too or you
just put those on top I'm just on top oh
nice
I love how you put your teeth on the
side I know that girl here Invisalign is
good I'll hold my teeth away at dinner
yesterday
Oh maqsad oh yeah the restaurant was
like Jared's like Ellie I had a new tray
that I had to put in anyway today Oh
worked out perfectly
yeah well they're like basically
invisible yeah it was great nothing
right Ally this looks amazing
we're gonna eat some grub now hey you
guys what do dinosaurs do can you grab
can you go rawr oh they do is that true
good
the boys are picking a movie to watch
look at all three of them together so
cute
you know watch a movie and then go
night-night we're just gonna watch a
little bit just a little bit of a movie
okay see the monkey is a very scary
tiger
yes attacking her she's watching little
Tarzan I just reach my hands out and she
like climbed up heads little monkey says
she keeps turning toward Rica Hey oh my
gosh that is adorable look at that
little girl our mail simply edition oh
man look at these two
nice to meet you try for those of you
who don't know today is actually a very
special day today is the last day of our
third year of vlogging every single day
yep that's a wrap on year three of the
daily bumps vlogs and I'm gonna tell you
it has been so crazy this has been the
craziest year of our life I feel like
every year our life just gets crazier
and funner and more full of love
probably one of the coolest things that
happened this year was finding out we
were pregnant with thin-wall in Florida
at playlist lives with our friends it
was crazy because I honestly did not
think I was going to be pregnant it was
totally unexpected it changed our life
completely it was kind of just like the
beginning of everything that was gonna
be happening that year we had it so many
opportunities this year things that we
never could have imagined we would ever
get to do in our entire life like I
traveled across the globe yeah to
Cambodia and got to see a culture and a
lifestyle that I never even like knew
anything about and it just it that
changed my life completely I actually
got to model for JCPenney in New York
City on a building I could have never
even dreamt of something like that ever
happening and for me getting to do it I
was it was just insane I think for me
though one of the most humbling
experiences was releasing my very first
EP you guys actually got to watch the
entire process of me writing music with
my friends of me going into the studio
and recording songs of hearing snippets
of my songs of me teasing new songs at
vloggerfair in Seattle you guys got to
see me film the music video and then
finally debuting my very first EP like a
lying and seeing it hit number one on
the pop album charts it was crazy
you guys got to see me perform live in
front of a packed house at YouTube space
it was one of the most craziest dreams
that I've ever had that I never really
thought would ever come true and then
obviously the moment that we've all been
waiting for
Finn arriving being born
was insane intense and honestly still
life-changing to the point where I'm
like life actually existed without this
little boy and he's only been here for
three months I mean he is so a part of
our life now that I just I can't even
imagine life without him yeah I think it
was one of those surreal moments where
we've always thought about our family as
a family of four who are we as a family
of four and seeing him come into the
world has kind of shaped the future of
our family on December 31st we hit a
million subscribers and that was pretty
stinkin epic too and it's just it just
kind of all comes full circle like we
have no idea what this next year
vlogging is going to bring us and we're
okay with that we just want to
experience you know the joy that comes
from as a joy of being with family
having these crazy fun opportunities
traveling around the world getting to
follow our dreams and we have no idea
how long we're going to do this for what
is in store for us but we are going to
take advantage of every single second in
every single minute that we have while
doing it but anyway that's all for
today's vlog you guys enjoyed it be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe go
check out Ellie and Jared and Colin and
Katie with the link down below in the
description and let us know in the
comments what was your favorite moment
of year three of the daily bumps vlogs
we will see you tomorrow to start year
numero Quatro oh my goodness hey year
four starts tomorrow alright yeah bye
Leah then
CIRA the world is yours if you believe
you're now
raise your head
take a deep breath
the job
you might be scared
