hey oli where'd you put my belt you
going to show me you put it in water oh
geez oh you put it in the potty is that
my belt in the in the toilet okay then
what a great way to wake up in the
morning when your toddler puts your belt
in the toilet that's awesome good
morning I'm awake now good morning guys
today has started off so well first of
all all I slept in and that is like the
best thing ever when you are a mom and a
dad because when your toddler wakes up
at 7:00 a.m. it's time to wake up but
when he sleeps till 9:00 you get to
sleep till 9:00 of course this guy is
pretty much up with me most of the time
and tonight he likes to cuddle all day
every day he doesn't even want to be put
down he is the happiest baby as long as
he's with his mama aren't Jeff
they started off really nice and I am
now making some breakfast and we have
decided today is a stay-home day we
always go out guys I don't know if you
watch our vlogs every day but we pretty
much are always doing something going
somewhere I don't know there's just tons
of stuff to do so today we're like we're
staying home we're making food at home
toys everywhere not going anywhere
getting so much done the Bryan's work on
his EP release party when I'm really
exciting I have a list like a mile long
yet and it's crazy yeah so he's gonna
work on that we actually have Jeffrey
Natalia coming over cuz they're gonna
help out with it as well no I know I
just heard them door knock but I don't
think it's anyone a package we just got
a package we just got a package we just
got a pack
I wonder who it's from it's from Tom's
okay so funny story about this actually
Tom's is the shoe company
you owe me hold this okay Tom's is a
shoe company they do they're like a
one-for-one shoe company they tweeted
something about their brand new bags and
I was like oh that's really dope I just
said like oh those look really dope and
then they DM to me and we're like hey we
saw that you really like the new bags
send us your address so we can send you
a surprise and I guess they did some
open this bad boy up and see what's in
it ready yep always cut away from you
that's a great idea a little bit slower
nicer what I think they said just some
sunglasses oh really yes long us is
actually so cool two three bears a toss
like that I've always wanted a pair oh
my gosh awesome we'll check those out
and then oh my gosh this is that bag I
saw Tommy Boy Leonard dear Brian just a
little something to say thanks for the
love and support love the Tom social
team oh that's oh oh my gosh yeah it's
real leather and it's like ah the cool
pockets
cool like adventure buddy so cool yes
awesome thank you Tom I was very nice of
you
whoa babe look at this they have them in
these cute little cloth containers this
is so cool okay Missy you would
definitely love these ones they're like
cat eye and then these ones are really
cool - they're like aviators all right
Missy is cooking pancakes and bacon in
her new tom shades
those are pretty slick they're you so
unique on the front you know make em
bacon
and my god you guys you know what this
means
I just filmed the video and I am pretty
proud of myself I haven't filmed a video
in a while on my channel I talk a little
bit about why but I actually filmed two
videos and pretty excited about it
although sometimes filming the video
isn't the hardest it's uh actually
editing it so we'll see when they
actually end up going out yeah I think I
just I kind of talked about it but it's
just hard with two kids life is
different I talked about quite a few
different things in both the videos so
we're accomplishing things today huh yes
we are yes we are over can you smile you
smile so cute and you got a full diaper
so let's go change up how you to you
know get only right now kids eat away
live is here with Jeffrey and all these
a bit Zach
who's on only say hi live ah you want to
go play Olli I guess go downstairs and
play good morning buddy
how is your now this one can spin yeah
down spins cuz it's actually a drill not
a gun whoa okay let's go
all right ride your horse buddy rock
back and forth anything alright I'll
hear if you're shooting and you're
shooting with love bullets okay go left
go left all right we are eatin lunch
oli what are you drinking out of Holly
what is that maybe eight bb-8 yeah you
drinking some water okay and then I am
eating a chicken sandwich and yes I put
sriracha on it I bought my very first
bottle of sriracha the other day because
I went out to a restaurant and I asked
for it and I put it on and I was like
this is amazing
and it's seriously so good are you proud
of me I eat sriracha now Jeffrey watch
was amazing
uh I don't know why it took me so long
even know why even with mac and cheese
it is it was it was amazing on mac and
cheese still see I were just getting
little about luncheon but pay you
already ate
sorry Liv you already ate okay
again
yeah
got a tire let's get out before bed yeah
for bed we really ain't carried out here
you and me just once returned again all
right we're gonna get you up to the bed
ready get you up to the bed all right
your mom over you bug
okay did you take belonging rebook how
about we read at Portland ABC a Larry
gets last book tonight tonight I was
super cute oh you liked it yeah the book
Kelsey and Corbin gave you it's so funny
cuz it like I'll just be like em is for
art museum yeah sure
alright guys it's just me and fin now he
is nursing and hopefully getting ready
to fall asleep we'll sue and friends
button Ollie the bed but we had such a
fun day if you guys aren't subscribed to
Jeffery actually he is my cousin and
they have an awesome cute little
vlogging family channel and I love it
plus like pay and liver just the most
adorable little girls ever hi YouTube
and they vlog and they have a cute
little vlog so you guys should go check
them out go subscribe but I also want to
let you guys know we are working on all
the fundraiser stuff right now really
really hard so hopefully within the next
couple days you guys will start seeing
emails as far as you know all the
different rewards and stuff and also
we'll be announcing the sweepstakes
winner very soon so we're excited about
all that we're excited to do our Skype
calls that should be coming up soon so
be on the lookout for those emails and
stuff like that but anyways give today's
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
umm yeah I guess we will see you guys
tomorrow
Hey
ah world is yours if you believe you're
not
joy
yeah
my V scared
so easy
you like
you can put yourself right
