good morning guys this morning here in
California we woke up to an earthquake
and it was scary
hell I'd scared the crap out of me did I
wake up because of the earthquake you
think or was there it was a kind of
shaking it was like rolling over and I
was kind of watching I was like I don't
know if he'll wake up and then it way
like super loud and you literally popped
up and you should have seen his eyes
like he was freaking scared out of his
mind I was like sleeping soundly and
then it was like room started shaking
and it's scary isn't it wasn't even a
big one but if it yeah I'm offices it
might have been worse cos were on the
second story
it was loud everything was was
crazy I've never how long have you lived
in California now like you're like five
years and I don't think I've ever
experienced that you experienced a
little one one time ever he thought it
was kind of cool yeah there was a little
one once I'm always on a bed when it
happens to yeah I'm always on that was
scary yeah it was okay it was a form
yeah Ollie didn't wake up he wasn't
faced but um yeah it was a four point
eight and it was originally located in
Orange County but if a big one comes Oh
what are we gonna do we need we need
like an earthquake okay yeah yeah we
need something like flashlights like we
not even prepared if like it the
electricity working well like I mean
might have a flashlight somewhere yeah
it's all Nino too so the power could go
out but anyway yeah I woke up and um
after the earthquake I was like okay
well
some up because I was like my body was
still shaking
good morning oh oh did you go poopoo
come on up here how did you see good go
yeah hey you a pooping machine give me
hug yeah I can work oh you're licking me
you lick me like a little doggie your
feet are freezing how he wakes us up
with puppy kisses and freezing cold feet
in our face
and poopoo oh my gosh you guys I've got
the voice matching again they're wearing
voice bugs dirt in hugs you guys look so
handsome
I'm obsessed I'm actually obsessed with
matching that and it's actually cool
because slyfox buds just set me a ton of
shirts or if she came over and she
brought me a t-shirt and they're all
matching so we've got like a daddy's
little sidekick and this is like a
little three-month shirt and then the
one for Olly positive vibes only
everything is awesome
and then here's like a boy it's just boy
and this one says we are young so
stinking cute like I'm obsessed with
their clothes and they have cute girl
clothes as well but obviously don't have
girls and then like they have cute like
mom they have like mom life they have
when I was wearing of this is like
mother of boys this one says never a
dull moment I just love their clothes
they're awesome and they're actually our
friends actually leave a link down below
so you guys can check out their clothes
as well cuz they're just like really
trendy they're good quality there's like
a small business and they're awesome
like I'm just obsessed with it boys bugs
dirt hugs yeah ha that's what you're
about your factories
bags DejaVu ladies and gentlemen I am
driving in the rain Missy is behind me
in the rental car we finally got the
tire fixed on the Volvo but now we
actually had to take it into the body
shop because if you guys remember I
actually backed into a car like a month
or two ago and it kind of messed up my
bumper and then we also had an issue
with the front bumper yeah I don't want
to talk about it okay mistakes happen
accidents happen
I'm taking it into the body shop and
they're gonna fix the front and back
bumper but it's going to take like five
to six days they said so we had to get a
rental car so missus in the rental car
behind me we're gonna drop the car off
at the body shop I'm gonna miss you be a
good girl okay Volvo be a good girl be
nice for the nice people they're gonna
fix you don't be afraid it's okay
alright we got the car dropped off we
are in the rental now look who's us yeah
I worked my magic fingers yes Missy did
her magic and Finn is fast asleep in his
car seat which is amazing
because he never sleeps there now he
might actually keep the lunch and I'm
like yes I haven't eaten without a baby
in my arms in a long long time and Olly
is now sleeping yes I'm just a picture
yeah right here him sleeping and there's
adorable kids are asleep we're gonna get
something done yeah we were actually
headed to a meeting with water of life
they are so excited and we're just gonna
kind of go over you know everything that
they're doing in Cambodia all right guys
we are here at Sisler and we got Jeff
and Finn is wide awake
we're here with Ruby and Frank now Ruby
and Frank for those of my viewers who
don't know you guys why don't you tell
them who you are we're actually the u.s.
representatives for water of life
Cambodia yeah
it's a ministry in California though
Brian knows quite a bit about having
gone there so yeah but it's a wonderful
place to go um we met with you guys last
year when we did the fundraiser it's
been really cool hearing now stories
some of the boys that I've already met
while in Cambodia you know how they came
into the organization and stuff like
that
wonderful came here with Missa and Brian
and the baby girl wonderful okay and we
are so excited about the thought to do
this Andre and we were just floored by
the response and reading this bits of
stories of people wrote I said since the
funds in it was just very exciting
I'm very thankful because it's a lot of
needs got a need yeah all of this ever
could never meet them all and we're so
thankful for that good to be able to
teach English there to people who really
need you wanting to learn they're so
friendly and glad that you came to visit
them they're talking about how this is
such a great time because the homes and
stuff are moving all the kids have to
move out and stuff so yes it's coming at
a really good time really good time well
thank you guys for doing being who you
are and doing what you do because
without you guys we couldn't do what we
do no I mean this comes full circle it
takes a village of course oh my gosh
guys it is insane out here um I got
umbrellas yesterday they're in the car
so comes in really handy we gotta walk
over there
and I did not remember all of it I just
thought I'm not prepared for this
weather guys yeah
poor fed and not happy oh my god am I so
I know it's really thin is very unhappy
about babies so and I ran like crazy and
my hair is so so so funny in the game
you play okay you know what to do yeah
go here and close your eyes you're so
good at closing your eyes cuz you know
the game well you got close your eyes
okay now yeah push the button and he has
to go find it where is it only to hear
it then I gotta get really free yeah you
gotta get better Heidi's but just like
sit and listen yeah horrible we just
went grocery shopping and yes I wanted
to show you all these Apple he got a
Honey Crisp apple he couldn't even wait
to get out of the store he had to have
it and it actually is super delicious
it's so juicy for a Honeycrisp hmm I
just love that you love apples and
bananas and yeah you don't need to eat
that that's okay really I know right
mm-hmm
he loves it
let's go home and make dinner we've got
an easy meal what okay bye have fun
always play easy mail we got raviolis
meatballs Texas toes and then we're just
gonna use a little prego meat sauce and
then we've got all this dessert out we
actually have some friends coming over
and we're gonna eat some yummy dessert
fudge sundae so excited and this fully
like happened randomly because we bought
everything for hapa studies beatin Brian
were like whoo let's indent and make hot
fudge sundaes and then our friends were
like hey let's go get ice creams like
hey I have four Sundays so now we're
gonna make published in days
all right we got hot fudge sundaes going
Missy this looks beautiful
yeah look at that hot fudge whipped
cream sprinkles yeah we got the Browns
here hanging out with Andrew and Caspian
Hannah's getting some Finlay snuggles in
he's so squishy huh does he smell good
Caspian and oli have been playing this
fish game and Ollie keeps getting his
fingers stuck in the fish no oh and
they're everywhere
they're gonna work out guys it's awesome
doing some map breakdancing are you
dizzy brah you're not gonna throw up are
you Cass Pete is three and Ollie is too
and it's just so cool to see the things
that Cathy is doing it's like almost
okay okay this is like what we can look
forward to you know yeah
oh there's my beard a tram for boys yeah
he's so funny I got one of the boys man
is always like oh me that bag
you know it's so insane oh here we go
this day was yes I was that's so much
fun with a cast and then it's so cool
cuz only plays with a lot of little
girls it's fun for them to both get to
play with each other because they're
both rough-and-tumble boys that
literally just go go go and when they
hit each other on accident like let's
say they like throw ball each other
these laughs like they just think it's
funny but they actually vlog a couple
really cute scenes on their channel
which I'll have it linked down below you
guys can check them out this is one part
we're always like literally chasing a
car for them it's so cute so you guys
let's check it out I'll have it linked
down below it's time for 9 9 K already
oh no no he's like maybe if I hide get
in there maybe if you're quiet all night
we won't see you get down get down
alright we're gonna go ahead and call it
and I thanks guys for watching give it a
thumbs up I'll give you some times your
new thumbs up
I call that thanks for watching we'll
see ya
so easily
so right
our
