are you a puppy dog can you bark good
morning guys El Nino season is finally
here in California oMG is coming down
like crazy sheets of water is falling
from the sky everybody and I'm not
driving 50 miles an hour just because
I'm some crazy Californian who doesn't
know how to drive in the rain driving 50
miles an hour because I have bare tire
on the Volvo right now the other day we
have popped it I popped it and Pep Boys
finally has the right tire because they
had to special-order it so I'm headed to
that point so they can change the tire
Missy's behind me in the rental we are
currently driving in this crazy range
but I'm going super slow so it's not
super dangerous but my car is currently
freaking out because one that it's
thrown off because one of the tanks so
hopefully we get that fix today hi you
guys it has been a crazy morning I'm
sitting in the back right now because
little Finn has begun to become
extremely clingy I think he might be
cluster feeding because he just wants to
be attached to me all day long so it's
kind of rough but I'm in the backseat
taking care of him always back here Ian
what are you eating I'm okay
pancakes he wanted pancakes get the kids
to pancake sometimes you just gotta get
pancakes brides running in to grab the
carbs we had spring it here
I'm wearing no makeup I have I swear the
last three days I haven't had time to do
my makeup I've been doing my makeup in
the car and I thought oh well it'll be
fine we're gonna wait for the car and
I'll just do my makeup but that didn't
really work out did it mr. Finn uh-huh
so yeah I am going to attempt to put
Finn in his car see in a minute and then
I have to drive home and it's going to
be a really loud drive probably he's
going to be screaming actually I need to
run to the store I have like a ton of
things I need to grab so probably gonna
run to the store while Brian goes home
and get some work done because he still
they got the vlog up it's been just it's
just been crazy
you just have to prioritize your life
and figure out what's most important and
sometimes it's your family and your kids
that are most important before the vlog
for anything else so that's what we just
kind of done today even though when we
don't do what we usually do like usually
have a strict schedule it's stressful
not scheduled but sometimes more
stressful to go with the schedule honk
you said your good boy you know that Oh
pancakes tuck them out that's all I want
pancakes and check them out
yeah have makeup on yay and I'm running
into target I brought backup or what are
you hi I've brought backup for oli cuz
first of all it's we have a break right
now but it has been pouring all day I
have no umbrellas I have nothing that
prepares you for rain just so you know
but my mom brought that umbrella so
always in charge of it but um we gotta
get some backup because
we need a we need stuff check out all of
the umbrella options just kidding
there's actually a whole nother section
over here one more got all these I
really like this one mom show them how
it works some more CRE very complicated
I've never seen an umbrella like this
wow it's so cool like it goes over like
this like will it put it on anything you
know Southern California but yeah don't
forget to use it I'm like do I need it
to match my outfit um so yeah I'm gonna
grab one of these to fit in my purse or
in the diaper bag and then one bigger
one so that I can you know is here yep
it's supposed to rain a lot we got to
get used to it we gotta get to parent
we're not compared to great this is how
prepared we are for the rain we have
bathing suits out like a full bathing
suit section out because it's supposed
to be always summer here guys
bikini anyone anyone want a bikini no
okay while Missy was at the store today
she bought Ovaltine Ovaltine Chuck and
man Chuck is it chocolate milk or is it
Ovaltine though on old say Ovaltine
he's very serious about his jo me hold
it why am i holding it I think he wants
to Joe do you want oh you want to jump
okay here's your Chuck a milk chocolate
milk
I drink Ovaltine all the time when I was
a kid my mom bought it and apparently
it's not as bad for you as a regular
chocolate melt so it has vitamins and
minerals no artificial flavors or
sweeteners
how much do I do like you know measure
you know just measure it you do it
yeah tastes like my childhood also
reminds me of a Christmas story when he
has to decode that message and I said I
remember to drink your Ovaltine pick it
out guys
Christmas is gone I've basically cleared
out all the Christmas stuff I did leave
the pillows because you know I figured
they're kind of wintery and I don't want
to bring out like the gray pillows I
still like the white colors I have a lot
of Christmas stuff and I did not realize
it I basically had to clear everything
up here this was a had all kinds of snow
and flurries and Christmas stuff up
there so to put that away I did leave a
couple things out that I thought you
know I'm just gonna say they're winter
like this is just a reindeer and he's
got a scarf on cause it's cold and
there's a snowman because it could snow
outside right got two big bucketful of
Christmas stuff and that doesn't even
count all the Christmas stuff from like
the Christmas tree and stuff like that
oh I also did leave the jingle bells
because I love the when the door jingles
check it out I just think it's so cute I
like the jingle so I left those I don't
know how long they'll last yeah I've
just been cleaning that my mom's been
helping a ton I just been feeling so
overwhelmed and just I'm falling behind
on all my tours that I need to be doing
and Brian's been falling behind on work
so he's been working all day so it was
nice to have my mom over and Finn is
enjoying his little piano right now and
working on rolling over aren't ya um
what happened your arm I think you're
okay alright and the last Christmas tree
is coming down it's been like two weeks
since Christmas
say bye-bye Christmas tree yeah not much
taking it down and I'm putting you to
bed okay do you want to read a book and
get ready in your PJs kind of it Dinah's
book all right Ali
what are you doing what are you doing
are you a puppy dog can you bark
tickle the puppy dog you could Tukka
Tukka Tukka Tukka pick up pick up pick
up pick up pick up hey Ollie what Ollie
what's what's that Oh dinos okay okay
uh-huh
where's another one point to another one
you got some on your pants you got them
everywhere cuz you're upset with
diagnose sit roll over it's a cute dog
hop in bed hop in bed hop in hop in hop
in bed yeah you want to read oh you want
to read a berry for our low tonight you
want me to read it okay I'll read it to
you he's got to have his Dino PJs and
his Dino book before bed because he's
obsessed oh wow oh you're stuck so that
was a close call there buddy okay oh oh
now you just keep getting stuck in the
book oh oh now he's just putting body
parts in the book and sing out oh you
want me help okay I'll help you ah take
your foot out oh did I save it are you
okay okay we read to you oh all right
ally and I are reading first 100 words
and he's doing so good at all of them I
would you guys are reading I would say
he treated all he's actually reading
this book right now it's amazing yeah
walking yeah he's walking hey Holly
Mama's gotta say night-night
Mama's right there I love you that was
hilarious
oh my god ever done that night-night
what's that um Donnie
and what's that uh um I got a puppy
doggy dad yeah what's that
um a Pelini a birdie and what's that
down there
okay okay do you see the kitty point to
the kitty there did that's really good
oh all right you guys we are ending the
vlog and we're going to do it the real
way and not quiet the baby so that you
can understand what we go through it's
crazy
Finley is a happy baby but he's very
particular about what he likes and when
he likes it I think I figured it out I
think he actually is concentrating yeah
he just wants to feed all the time all
the time and I'm empty I'm empty baby oh
what's that
there we go sometimes the be yours and
it is like oh nice yeah we've been
looking up at the camera
honestly like we're not like complaining
at all like we love it no I just wanted
to show you guys yeah but we really go
through most of our day is waiting for
the kids to be quiet squeaking vlog I
feel like I'm like oh all he's being
good right now let's vlog you know or
outfits being quiet now let's vlog it's
basically what we've been doing then one
it's I mean that glared oh and no it's
honestly it's so much fun being a parent
just a lot of work and when you put the
vlog into it then it's just like it's
hard because not that we're trying to
make our kids look perfect or anything
it's just really hard to vlog up there
screaming you can't understand us or
hear us pretty much but look at that
after all that
so you finally showing
I mean he does fear me showing off right
now he's like you're not you're not
gonna block me like that maybe what it
is is we need to vlog more often so that
he stopped screaming I may be stubborn
crying cuz he can hear our voice like
we're all psyched I mean we've been
saying or talking something like thirty
minute have it anyway that's all for
today's vlog vlog we're gonna end it um
yesterday's vlog got put up a little bit
later than usual because of all the
craziness so if you did not see
yesterday's vlog we should go check it
out we had a fun day you keep giving him
kisses when you give me kisses mmm
that's nice being a baby is awesome
alright thanks for watching today's
video video thumbs up comment subscribe
11-7 we'll see you manana
j√∂rgen punches
yeah
