I ain't a kid only
you might be scared and
here's my dozen noise
you just need to need to be frayed
Oh need to be praised
got one can you get a fishy Ollie
kitchen fishy
oh oh you got it pull it up yeah you got
a fishy can you give him a kiss mwah you
got to put him in there perfect he's got
sharp teeth you got to be careful good
morning guys Ollie and I are catching
some fish this morning cuz we gotta
catch our grub cuz the early bird
catches the worm
yeah swims in the water huh I had a very
late night last night I feel a little
bit better I feel like I I got sick
there for a little bit I feel a little
bit better my throat is very sore though
so I think today I'm gonna get some
throat coat hmm what's up yeah if you
guys know of anything else I can Mike
clear me up and make me feel better
before the show that would be awesome
because I've got like three days
basically to get better I'm sure I'll be
fine by the show though look at him
you're such a ham what's up mister are
you hungry are you like the fishies good
morning guys I am in at the back seat
again I've got Finn with me today
and we're headed to a very important
doctor's appointment for him luckily he
is asleep we're actually headed to San
Diego right now for an ultrasound on his
kidneys basically if you guys don't know
he would we're going under tunnel it's
dark uh-huh he was born with his kidney
slightly enlarged and everything seemed
to be working good everything is looking
good but we're just doing a follow-up
actually with my mom and dad my mom
usually takes me appointments like this
but my dad actually has the day off it's
nice because this thing is heavy and me
my mom can only spare you for so long
before we're like done right this is a
little bracelet waving actually singing
with you nice and warm we think it like
the kidneys are there like forgive me
should be built 600 meters it's about 13
close to 14 come 14 pounds 14 pounds for
baby right junkie blow along the baby
from the results they're saying that
they are still slightly dilated and that
we're just gonna keep an eye on them and
so we'll come back in another three
months to check them again but they're
not getting any bigger which is good but
they still are slightly doubted just had
to get them fresh snips you guys for the
show
pre-show cut and I was able to hook up
my barber with an early copy of like
Alliance he was pretty stoked about that
shows on Friday
EP is out tomorrow today for you guys so
be sure to go check out that link below
in the description and get it on itunes
google play amazon day i have a couple
of errands to run so i just got a
haircut and I'm actually taking a bunch
of packages to the PIO box because I got
to get these sent out to the distributor
so we have dined like a lion CDs and all
the key necklaces being sent out to
merch so if you guys want to snag
yourself a really dope key necklace or
signed like a lion physical copy CD go
check out the link below as well in the
description for all that good stuff
alright had to make a quick trip to the
mall I know it's my birthday tomorrow
but Missy needed something for the party
and I joke about that I've never gotten
or anything like that
so I was like you know I'm gonna do
something nice for her get her something
really pretty that she can wear to the
EP release party that's Friday that goes
with her outfit to pull this out of here
these are dead you go find me two new
ones where the batteries out Lee oh yeah
I need new ones
founded a public gotta put on his Papa
glasses
yes yes he only needs them just when
he's doing something really close but
than that his eyes are perfect oh yeah
it goes in there oh there okay yeah
they're gone only what did you and Papa
do boom you fixed the gun this is a
drill can you say drill you fixed it ran
it to the today yeah
held it down I think he held it for like
four days straight Oh extra drill this
is the very first drill he got on his
first birthday so cute I know this says
oh I told and I was like when Paul comes
in you say thing is it okay I'm screwed
just do those you want to go on the pool
all right baby I got you a present
hey don't freak out I really didn't go
too crazy don't get your hopes up don't
grab him to look at those pretty
earrings are gone do you like them
they're kind of like a feather shape
yeah yeah Paul Holly's like I want to
wear those now all those are cool I
think you're gonna I think they're gonna
look really good on Friday
those are sparkly always like when you
try to be romantic and you have a
toddler okay was it good are you sure
you hate him I can think about okay yeah
so my new EP is actually out in a lot of
other countries right now this is the UK
charts you guys
it is number three right now on the
album charts right under Adele crazy
right
alright guys I'm over at Andrew mr. Sly
Fox over here
we needed shirts for the boys for Oliver
and Finley and we didn't get any of the
ones made from the merch store I know
it's going to see what you think about
them so andrew is hooking us up
he made a print or screen for the lion
and we're gonna put together a couple of
shirts for the boys check this out guys
so this is Ali's two t-shirt it's got
the design on it it looks so cool yeah
it looks really cool yeah and look it's
slyfox threads Brandon I know it's
awesome yeah
alright we are shooting pictures with
the like a lion t-shirts go get some
guys cuz they are very cool and Ollie is
playing up here with all of the kids
Ollie are you having fun Oh party foul
it's okay I'm hope that Ollie can like
play rough with casseon he's got a buzz
no way yeah yeah he's got a gun just
like you have that's so cool all right
you guys we are out to dinner with a
couple of friends
that's exactly my thoughts right now
because my new EP is now on iTunes
it's live guys so we're out I didn't
having some fun and all he's streaming
now all of a sudden why you screaming
yes yes Yard House is pretty
gradually all the kiss happy birthday
rajat orally congratulatory cobbler
right now I have the number one album in
the United States that's me about to cry
here
I wished for a tour with Adele
congratulatory cobbler you guys that is
amazing actually Missy was like it's my
husband's birthday and she's like okay
and it's like and he has the number one
album in the United States right now but
I'm like babes laughs you're
embarrassing me we've just been watching
this go crazy and we're freaking out
right now I have the number one pop
album in the United States I honestly
can't even believe it seriously this is
probably one of the craziest nights of
my life
but I'm not a big fan of cobbler does
anyone want cobbler congratulatory
cobbler I am going to Mac into this
happy birthday brownies souffle babe
that looks good
what do you are you all you already mac
it in in in it say good yeah this is
what happens after dinner all the kids
are just chasing each other around the
table ha ha ha
they're scaring live oh my gosh
you kids up too much fun they're all so
excited that my album is number one on I
dare I'm going to call my co-producer
that he worked on this EP with and let
him know the news you guys know Jeremiah
hey buddy hey man how's it going good
what's going on good sorry I called you
so late that's okay I know we're kind of
on time crunch with the song so man
oh no it's not about the new song oh
okay
well my EP came out tonight yeah yeah
it's it's number one number one in the
entire country
holy crap on all genres dude you're
awesome are you kidding me I could not I
dead could not have done this without
you man you know like right now yeah
Adele and Justin Bieber behind me right
now I'm really like sitting in my living
room crying because I I can't believe it
well anyone deserve a do man
thank you man yeah it's like such a
Cinderella story with well I just wanted
to call and tell you that and tell you
thank you because honestly like do you
remember like a year ago we released
this is home and I never thought I'd be
able to like ever release any kind of
original music and it was like it's
because of you dude cuz you and I can
communicate so well together and create
music it's amazing I still think it's
the craziest thing that I can open up
the iTunes Store click music and my
album is right there that's insane I am
Number One still I'm kind of freaking
out about it um I actually just got off
the phone with my producer Jared and we
just had a long talk about music in the
future and success and purpose that you
have in your life and you know that you
kind of come to a realization that life
isn't about making money or being
successful but kind of what you choose
to do with it I don't know it's been
really kind of surreal today
having a number-one album on iTunes but
it's been an incredible night one of the
craziest days of my life
and I'm just so thankful for all of you
guys for just supporting me and loving
my music and and listening to my music
and buying my music it's it's a really
cool thing so thank you guys so so much
seriously from the bottom of my heart
like I can do this without you guys with
that said my IP is now available on
iTunes so if you want to go check it out
you can go download it with the link
down below in the description and we
have restocked CDs we have posters we
have shirts we have key necklaces all
that really fun stuff on my merch store
or on our merch store which I will have
link down below as well so go check that
out
I still vividly remember when I was a
kid coming home from school and sitting
in my room and I remember just being
confused and sad and hurt beaten down
because I was targeted a lot in school
by bullies and I was bullied about music
I was bullied because I like to sing and
it wasn't really a popular thing for
guys to sing in school you know I was in
choir and I I sang at events and stuff
around town and for the longest time it
kind of stifled me and what I wanted to
do creatively so one year ago I released
my first single on iTunes which is why
this date is kind of really special not
only is January 20th my birthday but it
is also the day I first my very I
released my very first single this is
home on iTunes and I kind of changed the
game for me and it kind of taught myself
that I can be fearless and I can pursue
my dreams and I really don't have to
listen to the things that people say or
the box that they put me in you know you
create that box for yourself I just
wanted to just talk about that and just
give you guys a little bit insight on
you know why this is such a big special
thing for me but anyway with that said
I'm gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up and
subscribe leave a comment check out all
those links
and we'll see manana I don't know how
I'm gonna sleep tonight honestly not
this one's probably gonna be late so
sorry is it too late now to say sorry
okay bye Maisie rough world is Gaza
raise your
I sing
and makes
you
