going to get some lunch but first we're
gonna walk through this Christmas tree
what it's deceiving it's not even a real
tree guys we're having an exciting
exciting day today yes very early great
and it's going to be really exciting um
so first off urban driving us business
thank you Corbin's mo yeah driving in
California I don't know if that's a good
thing or about no
under a couple times I have to grab the
seat admit I must say try baby but yes
we are all in different seats right now
because I need to do my makeup let it
wake up early enough to actually do my
makeup and Corben's driving so they're
back they're cuddling cozy and we got
Finn also has been sleeping the entire
time
yes we're also in the Prius because our
car got a flat yesterday and apparently
the tire is so rare they have to order
it exciting to be in till Tuesday yeah
so we're picking up a rental car because
we have a million and one things to do
this week have a car friend friend
Kelsey Oh squish back there in LA
sometimes which ones sure we'll tell you
in a minute and yeah it's just going to
be like a really fun game all right guys
we have made it to our destination we
are at fine brothers entertainment and
we are filming some react videos today
and I'm super excited oh so you have it
all categorized even youtubers yeah this
is awesome
so they have all the different react
ones and you got a sign yours go for it
babe no pressure but it'll be there
forever hey well good job babe great
lease this is my YouTube alright I'm
signing this bye grace because she is my
youtube crush and now we will forever be
close together that's actually a tall no
we got the wall of Technology and then
also I love how they keep their stats
like live here you know what Jimmy needs
to create them what he created us that
does it in real time that's really cool
it's so like surreal being here babe
this is cool so yeah we're filming I
know it's like are we officially
youtubers now look at that babe we are
going to be getting one of these isn't
that crazy
it's ginormous have you seen this Corbin
huge it is huge look there's this all
like beat up and stuff I love it I think
there's like marks no one ever maker I
feel like we've doubled it it's a little
updated
yeah but they actually they don't do
engrave it they just put your logo so
like you send them a logo file that's
cool and then you get a big gold button
for hitting 1 million that's awesome oh
my gosh what well there's nothing there
it's just a white table hey guys look at
us we are on set at youtubers react
look at this wall babe this is crazy
it's not nothing
and behind the cameras I'll say that
Twitter works yes all of you guys that's
not tweeting us after they tweeted you
made this happen yeah so if you don't
know what happened I tweeted and I said
one of my resolutions is gonna be on
youtubers react cuz I I love the show
and like the next day you guys you guys
tweeting member like okay so now I need
to find a new resolution so thanks guys
dropping the ball never we're we're here
with the fine brothers the illustrious
amazing fine brothers I've honestly been
a fan of your guys content for so long
it's it's really like an honor for us to
be on this right now
your stalker kind of kind of yes we
should this is the set for the react and
this is the youtubers one and then look
they have the elders then this is kids
so cool and then just hiding teens yeah
it's just like you film all in this one
little room yeah and I have to say it
smells amazing and yeah I don't know
what that's real it person to ever say
that like it smells good
really yes I just walked in and it would
hit me and I was like it smells amazing
in here so keep it up guys whatever
you're wearing or doing it's amazing oh
there's a little baby official
babysitter's today yeah thank you guys
for watching him so if you ever need
like a future kids react I give them
like seven years babies yeah Oh babies
yeah that would be so good I wanted
all right we're getting a little tour of
fine brothers entertainment and look at
this oh wow it is all Harry Potter
figurines got Hagrid Professor Quirrell
the troll this is soaked what is this I
don't remember
figurines coming out like this when
these movies were coming out look at
Harry he kind of looks crazy like yeah
just got this niche yell going to get
some lunch
but first we're gonna walk through this
Christmas tree what it's deceiving it's
not even a real tree lame
oh there's Panera Bread I think we're
going to Panera Bread I need like some
soup or a cold sandwich or something so
just do not feel good who can we go see
a movie really want to see the new
Mockingjay is we have yet to see it
Hunger Games oh you guys you know lies
you know why you've seen it cuz you have
no kids
hi oh he's so happy he's in so smiley
and happy was he good for you guys when
we were filming after the Oh kind of got
kicked out right kill me awesome oh no I
had a moment of panic
I realize I couldn't get intimacy oh
yeah yeah you literally have to take
care of him hahahaha yeah you guys did
good though it was fun
it's good he's such a happy little baby
though - ewwww
and Rafi said they're gonna start doing
a babies react there's gonna set the
babies in front of the computer show
them something and then have it they
react really everything but you know
what Ollie would do go oh my gosh that's
this thing alright we are home now and
just spin hanging out in the living room
watching a movie relaxing well Ollie has
been taking him much-needed nap so I'm
going to get him now so you just woke up
Carman gonna help me golly good morning
oh look at your dog he's gonna come say
hey oh he's got a little sheriff's turn
I wonder where he got that feel like I
haven't seen him in a long time cuz we
went out last night and Mimi watched him
and he was asleep when we got home then
he left early this morning so that we
could go to LA but now he's a week okay
oh you need some mama cuddles there we
go
and this guy's just hanging out on his
elephant hi buddy I think I got a roller
hang on let me see good oh he's so close
to rolling over guys keep real never
look karma can you show them how to roll
over please
ollie can you show us how to roll over
yeah all right oh oh oh my god he is so
close rolling over you can do it big guy
oh he's tired what monkey sounds a lot
like I did check this out guys I am
making grilled cheese giant grilled
cheese by the way that's my hand I use
this giant sourdough bread and then
they'll be two slices which I remember
using Velveeta slices when I was a kid
to make grilled cheese and it was
amazing so yeah got grilled cheese on
the grill got some tomato soup cook it
up in here you're Ollie what you got
right there what do they do
rah you're so cute buddy I loved you
what let me hold it
ah watching some Casey Neistat vlogs I
see rah
ah
rah rah rah rah rah rah dinosaur 5 oh
wow
things got heated fast carving you on a
ho ho whoa
oh you want a hope from my ho ho hello
from my home I want to do since like a
second grade and we lived in in Idaho
wait wait
ho ho's and idaho you know you know
daddy's your folk okay we're gonna be
this dinos bouquet you and hold the
dinos all right all right guys you're
getting ready for bed all he's wearing
his what are these doggies doggy donkeys
your doggy jammies on at you then we
hope you liked today's vlog take it a
thumbs up if you did like this now ollie
you've always given thumbs up give your
thumbs up you've always given them
without the thumb let's try and put that
thumb up ready I'll close your hand
there you go wait closing it just like
that and put your suck some up right
there now I see your thumb up like this
mmm
stick that thumb up perfect like that
he's doing it thumb up yay-hey thumbs up
oh yeah oh good job I'm so proud of you
guys if that doesn't deserve a thumbs up
then I don't know what does but who guys
enjoyed today's video and we'll see you
guys for a very fun magical day tomorrow
are you excited what are we doing
tomorrow I'm Yuki let me tell you okay
okay we will see you tomorrow
cause the noise
right
yeah
