yeahi what we can go do um a car was a
car do what I got on so I am actually
headed to a doctor's appointment brian
has a rehearsal so my mom and down with
me
my dad's gonna take all your breakfast
possibly and if I'm some take a long
time otherwise I might be in and out of
this appointment really fast they're
just gonna tell me what my blood work
was why it came back abnormal and if I
just need to eat more vegetables
basically all right ollie
um log of the can I put you was on the
wrong feet didn't I
he likes my my walking weird I'm sorry
love I'm just
okay you just told everybody to jump
yeah hey you don't kill good morning you
guys just in case you needed a little
friendly reminder there you go
hey guys so today is the second
rehearsal for the EP release party and
we are actually at a church where Missy
and I got married right up there that
guy right over there
he married Missy and I right up there
remember that that's crazy and now here
we are so this is a little bit different
rehearsal space than last time so we're
actually going to have our in-ear
monitors in we're going to be set up on
the stage it's gonna be nice and look at
he's already blasted my music hey how do
you have this song this isn't out yet do
you steal this song three more days whoo
well tray waiting for the rest of the
band to get here so we can start all I
got money so he's putting it in the
gumball machine I don't think he's ever
done this before he turned the other way
oh wow
a ball you gotta be careful okay
everyone knows what these are being
boozled a thing but guess what they have
a bean boozled game I wonder what the
difference is maybe this is just bigger
pretty neat though I asked for some
fruit and they literally gave him a
whole plate of fruit Oh looks good huh
got bananas and grapes strawberries hey
guys we were actually out grabbing
summer food and we just come back from
my appointment which took forever but
basically still don't drop in Nana's
yeskey they were able to say that I'm
definitely fighting some sort of
infection but they don't know where the
infection is like some things are like
up higher like the levels were higher
than they should be and some were lower
kind of weird that they also said that
everything else is working good I kind
of think that it could be really tiny
genomic before that my OB has them you
know kind of talk it over with them and
see what they think how sick are these
in years they have my initial bottom I
can't hear anything
right now I'm all hooked in I'm in the
pack I'm gonna set the camera up and
we're gonna do some resource killing it
you ready let's do it
yeah
look who decided to join us come on come
on up on stage come up on stage come on
come on
hi buddy
hi I love you yeah this is the stage
I think oli might have to make an
appearance at the EP release party show
on stage like you did in vlogger fair
that was so cool Missy threw him up on
the stage there's something what you
wanna see look at that those are drums
yeah getting used to putting these in
and out had a funky I got it down
hey Nana Nana Nana yeah no new song by
Oliver Landing download no one I can
link down below in the description okay
alright Brian just got done singing and
we've been hanging out me and Papas and
now we're headed to the park because we
have a special surprise for all a mom
and dad I wanted to kind of just get
something for ollie and we were like
really excited about it we've been kind
of hinting to them all day all like
yesterday so he's been talking about a
front room all day long so we're headed
to a park and we are gonna have
some fun with oli he's really excited
yeah Lee what we can go do um a car was
a car do look at this bad boy
you guys that's crazy ollie
look at look at that is it go get the
car let's go check it out car whoa
you're okay okay go get in that car look
at your car buddy not pretty this is a
Lamborghini he's not even three yet
Missy and he has a nicer car than we do
it's got like real working headlights
we're working headlights working
blinkers a radio and yes the coolest
part is that all he's not very good at
driving so we have a controller right
yeah it's awesome put your key in
ignition buddy
then going up turn
what
Oh
turn on the blinker oh did he already
scrape it nothing serious just minor
Holly and I both just gonna have a good
time yeah it's so fun being able to get
cool toys like just for hopefully and
then play with it you and I are playing
together huh and we have the phone
hooked up to the little mp3 player it's
a play in this home so that's kind of
cool
that is so cool what Jim we got to find
a way we can hack it and make it faster
I know it needs it's got a really tiny
battery we've gotta find a way to me I
feel like even as Jeep goes a little
faster if we can turn the Jeep down and
pick their injectors up oh yeah
this is meant to confuse people
Oh spin me around
holy picture you spin me right round
baby right round oh who's on the phone
no way we'll talk to him none of them
are talking back to you holly has been
climbing up here all night trying to get
ahold of my megaphone Karma's trying to
get on the action today gonna like karma
hi
oh you're scratching yeah yeah come are
you hungry hey you want a feed karma no
he already ate you're being crazy boy
you're lying you already ate mom already
fed you sorry
oh he's excited he loves YouTube huh so
funny there's a lot of channels that all
he does like to watch he's quite funny
hi he's been such a good boy today he's
hardly cried at all today in the car a
lot of places and he's actually pretty
good
I really red cheeks I don't know why I
don't I don't have a fever right now but
like I really look like clown you kind
of look like you put on pink makeup
yeah well this thing I put on like a ton
of but it doesn't I don't see that at
all when I look at you though yes you
can
when I look in the mirror it isn't how
it is there's a lot before we end
today's vlog we wanted to announce
something really cool yeah we're really
excited about it you guys know we've
been talking about it EP release party
forever
we're super excited about it we've been
playing it like crazy we've been doing
rehearsals and yeah planning people
working on this
tonight we're able to let you guys know
that you guys are invited yes if you are
in the LA area or able to travel to the
LA area we want to invite you to a
really fun night so the party is going
to be hosted by YouTube space la on
January 22nd doors open at 6:30 and it's
going to go to about 10 o'clock and it's
just going to be a night of celebrating
my very first EP it's a really big
accomplishment for me so we have like
lots of cool stuff planned we're gonna
have performances by Justin crits who is
a local musician who's really talented
he has a channel on YouTube as well we
are also gonna have performances by
Megan Tongass some of you guys know her
as the leader of the booty revolution
he's got an amazing voice and amazing
heart and I'm really excited to have her
perform alongside us as well and then
I'm going to be performing all the songs
off my new EP all the old songs and a
couple extras and a couple extra that's
maybe really fun you guys Davey
Freebirds is gonna be catering which is
awesome and there's gonna be games and
fun and it's just gonna be a really cool
time there's also going to be a lot of
youtubers there yes we do have a lot of
friends who are coming out of town to go
to the party as well and some local
youtubers who we've met over the couple
last couple years are going to be there
as well to celebrate so it should be a
fun time so if you guys are in the LA
area or can travel to the LA area and
you want to go to the party we do have a
link down below that you can RSVP with
you do have to RSVP though yes if you
want to go you must RSVP and limited
spaces are available we are going to try
and figure out how we can livestream the
event right to our YouTube channel
because I think that'd be pretty cool
too so be on the lookout for something
like that as well happening on this
channel but anyway that's all for
today's video because enjoyed it if you
did give it a thumbs up subscribe leave
a comment
you
three more days you guys to pre-order my
new EP on iTunes for only 399 so go
check that out as well thank you guys
for watching and support in and clicking
that thumbs up button
we'll see you manana my face ear up
world is goz if you believe you're now
and makes
you
