good morning guys and look who's here
it's Kelsey and Corbin they are visiting
us for a couple of days from Portland
and they are meeting Finley for the
first time holly was the same way when
you met Ollie yeah he's got big eyes he
does yeah better to see you with like
what kind of me like you always give me
to like strangers Hey Finny
Holly put some pants on buddy good
morning guys today is a really exciting
day not only are Kelsey and Corbin here
it's the last day of 2015 for us for you
guys it's already the new year so happy
new year
and it is the day that we are going to
hit 1 million subscribers it is at nine
hundred and ninety eight thousand seven
hundred and seventy five crazy
so I've literally been carrying this
around all day look at it it's climbing
but we're in for an exciting couple of
days get to start out the New Year with
our friends and party it up yeah they're
gonna get crunk aren't you baby
get them Ollie get him
we have presents from Corbin and Kelsey
Ali is a pro at this just so you know
what is it what is it support an ABC bug
this is late oh we have a light and
laser oh this one is for Finn you need
it
Kelsey that's amazing oh so she made
Ollie a blinky when he was born and the
blanket had the border of her bridesmaid
dress from our wedding
yeah and so this one she knits a hat and
it's got the little heart also from uh
Elsie that is amazing no I'm gonna do it
s got chokers forever ha ha ha Elsie I'm
so proud we are less than five hundred
away from hitting a million subscribers
and today is actually crazy because it's
the three year anniversary of creating
this channel youtube.com slash turd we
created this channel on the 31st and we
didn't start until a while ago but we
didn't put videos on it until the trim
steps right yeah yeah so crazy though so
we have 500 more subscribers to go so
we're going to start a little live
stream and hang out with a bunch of you
guys
until we get that your ollie you're
gonna be hanging out too right okay oh
my gosh oh holy cow and there's water
everywhere hi that was fast
we literally just ended the live stream
and everyone obviously click Subscribe
afterwards
holy cow beep look at that oh my god
there's water everywhere it's a disaster
here look at this you guys
Missy can you believe this 1 million 29
1 million 34 seven numbers now you guys
Frandsen we can't have any more than 99
million okay that happened so fast we
were doing the livestream and we're like
okay we're gonna end it right before we
hit it and literally we hit end and then
we hit a million bucks and then all
craziness ensued with this kid you have
water all over you dude a million
subscribers I thought it was gonna be
like couple minutes they were like hey
guys I just started blowing up I was
like what I need to turn on this camera
that is crazy
thank you guys so much for a million
subscribers honestly when we started
channel we had no idea it would ever
ever come to this and it just goes
really cool I think to have your content
be validated with something like this so
thank you guys this means a lot a lot to
us alright Corbin is trying the
hoverboard the first time and he's
finished a pro no yes and go fast freaks
me yeah people the first time usually
like this all the way
yeah you got this Kelsey you can do it
Wow you guys it's San Francisco do you
remember when we did that trip that was
such an awesome trip I want to go back
so bad there's the bridge we had our
meetup right there I remember that yeah
it's literally right there checks out
guys we are now 1 million three hundred
crazy yeah what do you guys say we go
celebrate yeah 1 million subscribers
with some good Mexican food all right
we're gonna get some Mexican food we
can't take that I wish we could take
this with us so we can watch it all the
time
ok bye bye subscribers Finley is looking
good in his hot that Kelsey made him
this is our year
and oli and Finn are actually both
wearing the same shirt it says home is
where mom is
chocolate milk in diner and misses his
mother of boys so cool they're both Sly
Fox threats comes Emma conversations a
lot he's smiling like crazy on you
Corbin tonight is New Year's Eve and I
think always gonna have his first
sleepover at Mimi's house
so me and Kelsie are packing his bag
right now he's got some night clothes
the clothes for tomorrow it's so cute
Dinos my I know right uh then we just
need one more shirt ooh
we'll just stick with the theme won't go
with this Dino shirt also
all right ollie is all packed for Mimi
and Papa's turn around let me see your
backpack
let me see it's so heavy
whoa he really wants to bring Mickey
with them you know every Mickey I know
Ben is very proud of himself he's got
daddy's watch really good oh my gosh oh
oh my gosh oh my gosh
and even papa you have toys or you want
to it oh my goodness came packed and
ready yeah
Daten emia Papa's first sleepover right
here two and a half years yeah how come
we never had him stay anymore I don't
have any rooms oh yeah it's true you got
your blanket
what else you got yeah I always got the
Yeti book he won't make you read that
about four or five times tonight just so
you know you owe me hell and you have to
do the yawn at the beginning yeah I'd
have to do the Z's at the end that's how
he that's how he goes to sleep all right
we're out in the backyard playing alleys
climbing up this rock Wow
he doesn't even use the rope good job
buddy keep going yeah it's like creaking
a little bit that's okay though you know
go down the slide whoo whoa you okay you
okay okay awliyas finally going down the
tube slide and he loves it now wow that
was fun things are getting crazy you
guys we got the new year's decorations
going we are trying on hats look at this
they light up that's pretty cool Jimmy
it's pretty cool um korban kind of looks
like a pilgrim the back pilgrim or
Abraham link up definitely Abraham
Lincoln because he's got that big big
beard right here and then you got the
2016 hat looking fly and then we also
have huge confetti cannons which I'm
really excited to try out you basically
just twist them and then it like blows
confetti everywhere that makes a huge it
mess so that's gonna be really cool
all right Missy broke out her onesie
collection and fear Holloway funsies
look at no and I are both minions we're
both minions yes represent Jimmy and
Jimmy it someplace that I recruited that
he can do this and he's very proud he's
like oh I can just appear from the world
cassie is a little tiger Arielle hello
oh yes we have Ariel here yes Corbin you
got the little butt-flap Missy literally
broke out every single one be she owes
and we're always that man we're having a
blast yeah like there's plenty to choose
it's so funny a fantastic 2016 thanks
guys
yeah it is such a mess in here I'm not
even kidding right now there is confetti
everywhere I love you thank you for such
an amazing year 2016 is gonna be crazy
thank you guys so much for watching
today's vlog I hope you had a fantastic
New Year's and a safe New Year's dress
it is bar be sure to give it a thumbs up
and subscribe and we will see you manana
thank you so much
me
okay
