I like taking money hey what's up yeah
getting some goodies today for the EP
release party and I got a gold cover for
my Apple watch so that it matches the
rest of my outfit I got Ollie his very
first pair of supras and they matched
the pair I ordered for myself shoes
I don't know those might be too big did
I mess up this size you think that'll
fit him oh yeah that'll fit him so
cool-looking aren't those amazing babe
and I'm gonna be wearing a gold shoes
that match for the performance on stage
so we're gonna match for the matching
shoes you like Kamali oh it's cool too
this year you don't do like um what is
it called
Oh lace oh they're all just like that oh
that's toes like a slip on oh that's
really cool yeah it is yes all he got
his first pair of gold shoes these are
for the EP release party because the
colors are kind of like black and gold
hey how's it going guys we are up for
the day um Missy and I have been Ben
watt binge-watching making a murderer on
Netflix and we were like you know what
we should probably get up and get some
stuff done Ollie come on gonna get ready
for the day buddy
so we're going upstairs
right for the day yeah your cards all
over the stairs I see huh come on
oh and good morning to you too
Hallie Oh fit fit horse bit okay in Finn
are getting ready right now
I'm so mad he always scratches himself
and I constantly am cutting in like
filing his nails and then just his nails
grow so fast that by morning he was
skirt scratches himself I'm like oh my
gosh I mean us I'm actually doing my
hair right now with if you guys don't
know I just by doing my hair I hate it
it's just like it's hot
I don't like doing it cuz it's like the
iron is hot I don't like doing it
because I just really it takes forever
and it's just not fun but and as you
guys know I I mostly I sometimes
honestly never do it I'll just throw it
in a bun or something like that but
everyone so I'm like oh my god I need to
do my hair
are you playing me showing brother his
toys
oh well that's not yours that's actually
brothers but he will let you play with
it and you can show them it okay yeah
man yeah Wow Wow
you're crazy hey can you go fetch Jessie
like a doggie go fetch
boy
look who's back you guys it's my baby
you're just picking up the Volvo now at
the Auto Body Shop they fix it it looks
brand new
I'm so excited the car back aren't you
yeah
nothing was a boat we were driving yeah
the rental car was crazy
you guys remember they're like tons of
scratches right there they fixed up and
over here this was all flared out and
this was all scraped up they still had
to order this and I guess it was
supposed to come today and then they
called and said it won't be here till
next month so next month we'll come by
let's pop that on be good as new so I'm
excited to have the car back though
lunch time I got a soup and a salad
Maisie got sandwich and salad we're here
at the corner bakery Ollie you got an
amazing homemade mac and cheese that's
what this is right here and it is
seriously delicious right I'm like don't
eat it oh he won't eat it he's like I've
got my chips I'm Annessa sit in the
corner and not eat my yummy mac and
cheese yeah you can eat the fruit you
want to eat some fruit
he does love fruit we have a couple
things to do today and Ollie is doing
something really exciting today for the
very first time you're gonna go tumble
and jump he's gonna have so much fun I'm
so excited
come on
all right we are scouring the winter
gear trying on stuff and look at all
he's already getting in the mood
he's like I'm ready you ready ready go
down the mountain they have all these
cool little they have that one
that one this is cool this is like a
freestyle mini luge I have no idea how
that works up
alright we got a couple of things for
the winter trip and now we are headed
into byebye baby to a couple things for
ollie
we are looking at year for oli to wear
at his very first Jim Knox Dick's class
so on something that Brees a little late
maybe it's a pair of shorts a pair
shorts yeah I like this like I feel like
he would look like a little just like it
doesn't okay like usually gymnastics
they come down here yeah look really
cute on him and he'd look like him happy
and you'd be like doing his tumbles and
flips and kicks and jumps and oh my huh
okay okay all right so just like we did
before
rich yes I see
Oh
No
so cool
it sounds good all right we are
practicing harmonies over at Jeffrey's
house and my voice is pretty much shot
because we just did harmonies for like
50 minutes straight so that was fun but
all the kids are here chillin playing
running around making a huge mess as
kids do that's just what they do
all right we are taking only to his very
first gymnastics glassing excited haha
he's been unleashed the weightless for
this for like a month so we're really
excited he's gonna go out there and just
have some fun and play with some other
kids okay but can you be a good boy okay
haha
this space is like set up into four
different stations so they cycle through
doing all the different stations and
they change all the time - so this is
take em to this one now
Oh
Holle point to where it hurts it's this
foot oh he just did this one to twisted
ankles or something maybe did you hurt
your foot buddy right there loosen up
loosen up your foot toe
he's snacking on bread right now cuz
he's so hungry worked up an appetite
there at your gymnastics class didn't ya
did you have fun okay what did you think
babe of his first gymnastics class good
I think it'll be really fun for him to
be in a structured class where he can
still have fun but he has to sort of
listen to instructional and do what they
say I think he'll learn a lot yeah one
of Ali's favorite snacks is literally
just bread he will eat a slice of bread
like it there's no tomorrow yeah mmmm
all right I rounded up all the boys hang
on buddy hang on I need your hand please
we're gonna end the vlog okay okay all
right thank you guys so much for
watching today's video if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up thumbs up Polly
thumbs up real thumbs up he does real
thumbs on it out awesome
um thumbs up this video subscribe leave
a comment check out the links only Tom
pre-order daddy's EP five more days left
you guys it's coming closer anyway
that's all for today's video thank you
for watching we all eat this paste parts
coming up we will see you manana say bye
OH
well these yours if you believe you
Greyjoy
yeah
you
