how I feel an elven kid products from
foxes look at these big blue eyes look
at those big blue eyes on you buddy you
could swim in those eyes you see they're
just big blue eyes and you're just the
happiest baby ever aren't you right now
you're the happiest baby ever right now
right now
he went from to pretty quickly hey guys
what's up welcome to today's vlog he and
I are sitting on the bed eating lunch we
got Panera so I got a sandwich
he's got mac and cheese we got soup we
just put ollie down for his first nap
which was quite a feat I guess yeah I
need it right now but he was being a
butter first nap yikes one nap day oh I
guess the only takes one half a day
that's right
I still say first night I don't know why
I'm always such a habit yeah Ollie was
kind of being a butt-head and then this
kid man he has been giving us a run for
our money
having Cheil haven't you yeah at night
he just is like loud and fussy and not
comfortable started doing it cuz he used
to like I just like get Miss Piggy and
he'd go to sleep in his bed thinking
yeah like a good four or five hours but
lately he just he just really wants us
to hold and me thinking but now you're
happy huh maybe he's not comfortable in
there anymore maybe he wants to be in
the crib no he knows it I think he wants
to be in the crib Missy I think we ought
to put a minister so on I don't really
I'm just thankful that he sleeps yeah I
know there are babies who just cried
cried cried cried cried yeah I don't
have that I can get him to not cry yeah
but we love you okay
my little monkey okay you got a monkey
I'm in a banana we got monkeys on the
feet
oh yeah monkeys on the video smiles
today is one of those days we really
didn't have a whole lot planned I
actually got up with ollie early this
morning and I was able to get some work
done had a couple business calls got
some email sent out um but other than
that we're just like we not known to do
today yeah yeah yeah let's just chill on
our bed we're watching a movie you might
play some video games catching a lot
yeah kind of crazy yeah we honestly this
I think is the first day in probably two
weeks where we don't have anything
really planned it's nice so we're
definitely taking advantage of it
then one of those days we've just been
relaxing is and cleaning and all you
Scott from his nap and make him like a
late late lunch kind of like a snack I
just heated up some like little pancakes
and then orange we're gonna go back
upstairs and eat we're gonna go eat with
dad
okay he's pretty excited about let's go
upstairs
to go upstairs the Easton snap oh yes I
forgot your drink you don't need a wine
do you want to hold it can you hold your
drink I'll hold your food let's go
upstairs okay you can help
pound it yo my girl my girl my girl ago
ago ago good morning buddy how was your
nap good and what mama give you to eat
you had pancakes and what else oranges
and what do you have to drink a milk jug
of milk oh you didn't get on Chuck a
milk but do you grab the drink juice
juice we are all now hanging out in
Finn's room we heard Lee ever coming
here because he doesn't sleep in here
trying to open this thing um I'm gonna
do his hand
so that we could hang on a tree next
year like a handprint ornament you are
going to do we have one for Olli and now
we need one for Finn what's that that's
one of Finn's cool uh Christmas toys huh
Mimi got him this yeah Mimi got him that
are you gonna play with it too let me
guess you want to open it okay all right
I'm gonna open it you're gonna lay on it
and show Finn how to use it okay that's
what sometimes that's what you do when
your big brother you got to show your
little brother how to do things how I
feel and I open kid products from boxes
so this one has like a little piano that
he can kick with his feet when he's
laying down I don't think those are
buttons these ones are buttons oh and
Missy it's also weird in here now he's
got the molding putty to do this hand
oh for your brother yeah we're gonna put
his handprint in it hang is it yeah
it'll look just like that the only this
is the one we made for you on your first
Christmas put your hand there
Oh Oh a little bit bigger your hands has
got a little bit bigger huh yeah we're
gonna do one for Finn now did it yeah
yeah hey wait wait he was finding - do
you know what you're gonna do do you
know what you're gonna do we need you to
spread your hand out go like this okay
show your brother teach him how oh don't
spit up on it oh he spit up on the
ornament hilarious okay well we will
always have you sit up on it you got
this super Finn super thin to the rescue
you did it holy cow babe you did it
centered perfectly do this was his first
art project look at your butt look at
your brother's handprint looks good huh
that actually worked surprisingly well
very party what almost nice Oh Olli
don't mess it up buddy okay
gonna finish putting this thing together
voila I have finished it all you can you
show her Finn how to use it can you see
yourself in the little mirror - look at
that buddy oh they're playing together
he just wants to roar at him all the
time you know why why does he want to
roar at people all the time cuz he
listened to roar and baby he has if you
guys don't know Olli for the longest
time would never calm down and go to
sleep unless we were playing Carrie port
Katy Perry's roar and now he roars at
every kid on the playground his brother
that might be a babe we're yeah I know
right doing are you doing oli
oh he's just climbed in there gave him a
kiss oh my gosh we have a little bit
extra so you can put your handprint on
it ready is it hard
oh good job yes always hand love you
alright we've now made our way over to
Mimi and Papa's and look what all he has
it's a humongous pencil who got you this
pencil or whose pencil is this actually
I do you guys mind it's Cass easement
she just got here she's uh she chose
Alyssa Noah and they just went to mo
Lian's and got this humongous pencil
really big that's a really big pencil
well that's how many tickets worth it
sounds about right
five hundred Oh Noah tell us tell us
Cassie stand up it is literally taller
than her what if this is like a single
time pencil um Cassie we can clearly
tell you're a shorty you don't know I
don't think so hey hey you know what
we're all shorties around here too oh by
the way can I make it official on the
ball okay they are officially hands off
with oh wow this is very awesome boy and
now the boyfriend this is my best friend
yeah best friend and boyfriend aren't
you having a boy boy no Noah is super
super nice and very cool and we approve
see you Gracia approval Holly what are
you wearing oh I know
okay there's Arlo okay and there's spot
see what a spot say oh nice butch that
much oh gosh
yeah and on all the dinosaurs on your
legs how neat is that No yeah all right
oh you wanna show dads of the dinos
maybe we'll show them tomorrow morning
pay you can climb in a bed you can show
all your dinosaurs okay
sound good yep good okay cool coming
back is the end of the day it's time for
this guy to go to bed yes yes we had
such a nice day we're all just kind of
like a little under the weather under
the yeah we're a little bit under the
weather so I think it was nice for us to
just kind of relax I really have like a
stuffy nose and like my head is all
congested and I think he's feeling the
same huh my nose red cheeks okay yeah I
didn't want to let you guys know that we
surpassed our goal for the Cambodia
fundraiser today we got another huge
donation and we're like we're just so
thankful and we're so excited the people
that work at water of life are really
excited as well they are completely
floored and amazed and excited and they
can't wait to get started with just
changing more lives in Cambodia so thank
you once again to each and every one of
you who helped us reach our goal every
single dollar counted and we are just
really really thankful we're going to
start doing all the rewards after the
fundraiser so be on the lookout for
emails and stuff like that so you guys
will know when your rewards are coming
and all that good stuff it's just fun
we're excited that we were able to do
something like this anyways we're going
to go ahead and the vlog give today's
long a thumbs up if you enjoyed it as we
will see you guys tomorrow as usual
feedbag
No
so right
