and to doggie sometimes I really don't
understand what he's saying
take a mornin mama Tara Auggie
what okay good morning guys we are just
getting ready for our day last night was
a little rough with Finn I like to be
well-stocked on diapers with Finn and
he's been a size one for a while now and
I don't know if he's either now a size 2
which I feel like he the diapers seemed
a bit fine but as soon as I put the
diaper on he just was squirting out the
side and they're not too small like
they're not too small and they're not
too big either they all say was okay but
he leaked his diaper probably three or
four times last night and I was I
thought I was gonna go and say I'm like
I feel like I'm literally sleeping at
pee right now it was just like the worst
so I have tons of size one diapers kind
of a bummer he's definitely given me a
little bit of trouble with his diapers
and his sleeping hi guys all ready for
the day and I just realized I totally
forgot to show you this yesterday the
very first key necklace or my like a
lion March this one says lion and then
we are also making other ones that say
hope and it's just almost really cool
like brass chain which you can easily
tuck behind your shirt or in front of
however you want to wear it's just a
cool reminder you know because Lions are
symbol of strength and courage so it's
cool to be reminded about that
throughout the day be I'm going to have
these ones I'm gonna have a hope key
necklaces I'm gonna have posters shirts
physical CDs all available on my new
merch store which is going up separately
then on the daily ones from our store
and that will be live on January 18 so
I'm really really excited
every key is actually going to be
different to so this one is like a brass
kind of a longer key but all the keys
are going to be like different sizes and
shapes and colors and stuff like that so
I think that's cool
also I feel like I just got a haircut
but definitely gonna need to get this
trimmed before the show is that all that
hair it's just gonna be flopping on
stage gonna be flopping or we're gonna
look like a wet dog
if I don't get that taken curve all
right missing I just got out of the
dentist and mine went really well they
just had to finish cleaning um last time
they did the tops and so there's times
it bottoms and they actually want as
past the top so it was pretty nice and
she said my teeth look great
and as long as I go to the dentist twice
a year I should be able to keep my teeth
forever so that's really good
I've been really good at like flossing
and brushing and all that stuff tubes I
want to see on top of it I really want
to keep my teeth and I just have really
bad luck in my family my family has had
really bad luck with teeth so I want to
change that with me and keep all my
teeth Missy had to have feeling fillings
and this is one of two appointments
because they had she had him unto other
sides and she didn't do so well how'd it
go yeah pretty sore how's your pain too
bad I saw you hitting in the first
sitting in that hot seat and you were
like punching up and not fun so they had
to do two cavities today to cavities
next time
wait yeah she tried to schedule me on my
birthday to do fillings I'm like now
that's not happening not coming in on my
birthday that'd be the worst all mine
they can do in one day they said though
cuz it's all on one side so yeah five
I'm gonna be here a while
Missy had two and you were in there for
like an hour we have the best dentist
office though the receptionist actually
held fin while we were both getting
worked on I was getting out of xx I
wasn't just trying to good or at the
same time but when she said they were
both at noon I was like oh yep I'm gonna
need someone I have to take care of the
babies and she's like well I can deal
like yeah they're really really great so
the receptions actually helped
and he slept in her arms the entire time
and she was totally cool with it I'm
like that's so nice to have you know I
feel like good dentist offices are kind
of hard to find but Polly I know you're
up good morning you want to watch
minions he's already up and the demands
have started how about you eat a grilled
cheese you know I felt teas and apples
yes you do
how'd you nap look at these cutie
patooties taking a nap together
hey karma you said our little baby he's
definitely gonna cut it with you though
go cuddle dougie how about come on oh
you have a poopoo did you go poopoo
uh no no say yes there we go look at you
all cuddling together can we put our
whole family in here you ready for this
yeah there we go
what's going on oh no oh no oh no
Karma's gonna trample overs okay we're
okay
oh man look who's awake good morning
he's like seriously you're all gonna dog
pile on top of me seriously oh yeah all
right I left you just like this when I
went upstairs what did you do show me
what you did oh look at that
you haven't attempted and you have
succeeded rolling over to Oh what oh my
gosh you're in the bum bow-wow years old
crazy it is still laundry day in this
house I am trying to finish folding and
I am so close I think I have one last
hamper let's see I've got one last large
hamper and there might actually be one
more in the dryer one large hamper
then I got to put it all away what you
have fun really trying to catch up on
this all because man you can just drown
and longer sometimes but fin has been so
good today he's actually been letting me
set him down and now that he can roll
over he has been like rolling all over
this living room it's been kind of funny
to watch
he literally like rolled over and rolled
over to here and scooted himself like
around and he even rolled and I didn't
see him but at one point he was on his
belly and he rolled to his back yes
that's right so he was all in on his
belly cuz he rolled some was back to his
belly and then all of a sudden I turned
around and he was back on his back and I
was like what this is crazy you've
enrolled both sides you're only two and
a half months old
nearly tuna and you don't big hey Ollie
what are you wearing Oh doggy doggy
yeah crazy doggies auntie doggy
sometimes I really don't understand what
he's saying fully I can catch little
bits and clips huh just a little bit
okay and tinned doggy
I can't daddy I'll say it over and over
until I figure it out alright you're
vlogging where do you sit okay hold it
out you can say hi okay they go
what do I say um look I
you guys see a car cut over those are
doggies
you gotta hold it back that gets handed
oh geez oh geez
lick it oh there's your hand just point
the camera talking to me me
with that I'm a boo a bug good job
and what's this Oh face a bed or crib
okay and was that um a big a teddy bear
Arkady BAE
what are you doing you want to push the
budget nope
don't you dare mister don't you dare you
have to wait don't push the button is
that your favorite bug don't was it
oh look at this you guys
Missy every night puts a very large tall
glass of milk into the fridge because
she does not like warm milk she likes a
very cold milk so she puts her milk in
the French to get it like frosty it's
the cutest thing um also the amount of
milk she drinks is probably the weirdest
thing I am getting drumsticks yes these
are the yummy ones that have fudge in
the center I don't think I've ever had
one but I was like those look really
good
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh like I'm doing like
one of those weird unboxing videos and
when you open the package you are
greeted with the peanut cluster on top
of the cone and here you can see the
chocolate around the cone you know
here's your cone and there you have it
midnight snack or 1041 p.m. snack that's
what I'm talking about anyway I'm gonna
go ahead and end today's vlog again I
got lots of stuff ready for the EP
release party when I end today's vlog if
you guys enjoy it give it a thumbs up
subscribe leave comments I got those
links pre-order the album on iTunes all
that fun stuff and we will see you
tomorrow
manana will see a min jana brian card
your job to rock
the world is yours if you believe you're
now
raise your
and makes the job
you
