good morning we have started out our
morning playing one of our fun Christmas
games we got we are playing
kerplunk Holly can you say kerplunk so
the point of the game is you take the
sticks out and when the Marble Falls
then that's you want to have the least
amount of marbles and put it in like
your section yeah okay so watch that
okay I'm gonna pull this one yay now you
just pull one good job that right there
okay now Mama's gonna pull one right on
that is no pull one pullin new turn oh
just one you pump two now we will do
these two Oh see the marbles move ed
yeah now mama pulls one oh okay I got
all those marbles
that's cheating
I didn't have enough marbles it's
getting very intense it's getting very
intense take that one Ali's gonna take
that one oh I got one marble oh not to
now cuz you're a Butthead and you keep
us in the game
this one is on those ones but they're
not gonna drop your turn Ollie
oh okay well that's one way to do it
games with toddlers are fun yeah Ollie
drop the rest of the marbles
oh and I just feel the sweet track yeah
you did I mean let's be honest I did it
put the car on the track right here
oh yeah you can start right there this
way
hmm what yeah yeah oh
push it push it through here
it's definitely hard to push or try to
push it like me okay like this try and
catch it get it
oh you're stuck with your knee and
here's our other little munchkin he's
just hanging out on his blanket watching
us today huh I can't wait till you could
play too
they can we be you to play oh oh my
goodness no chill chill he threw my
young thinkin thinkin you can do you can
take it to get you you don't know this
is the candle Ellie got me for Christmas
and it's called a diamond candle and the
way it works is you basically burn the
candle until you find a prize in the
middle of it and it's a ring now the
ring can be worth anywhere from like ten
dollars five thousand dollars so I've
been burning it like crazy yeah so I've
been burning like crazy and I can see
the prize right there it's a grub
tinfoil it looks like it so I think I'm
gonna try and grab it
you should probably a plate and
something could've set it off by the way
we had pancakes this morning and they
were delicious Thank You Missy all right
let's get that ring yeah there it is
what do you think it is we'll see what
do you think it is this is like surgery
in kind of a tea
I just wanted to Oh Anna's piece of
paper yeah
all right so here's the ring that's
pretty it's pretty it is actually very
pretty
don't know what do you think he's not
worth anything there's a little jewel in
the middle bummer
yeah but you did get her yeah I want a
ring but it's just a fake one
okay flower yeah it's cute that's so fun
though that you can just like buy a
candle and then there might be a prize
in there yeah like the lottery hey we
are ready for the day and we are headed
out right now
and we are taking family pictures with
all of my families like Mimi Papa aunt
and uncle
it's going to be a big group because
we're also bringing it the dog so it
could be like super super chaotic always
fun no matter what Q I can't wait to
show you guys our outfit I've spent most
of the morning trying to plan everyone's
outfits including my family's to make
sure we're all somewhat look good or
like in like the same category of color
Audrey means uncle and Papa wearing all
my car exactly hey check out all these
new kicks he got for Christmas Converse
high tops those are pretty cool huh
buddy
look at your shoes they matching Finn's
already he's looking cute in his like
sweater romper thing that's funny and we
are here at the equestrian park we've
done photos here we've done music videos
here all sorts of things but we got the
whole family here and we're all getting
ready to do pictures and Ollie you look
nice and snazzy
you want to ride the horse a lot of
people bring their horses here it's like
right around and train them and stuff
and all you just keep on saying ride the
horse which is like the cutest yeah you
have a horse ollie Kota is out and oh
look at this
Ollie's walking Li oh that's adorable
oh I don't think I've ever seen him walk
a dog before okay drag him to the
granite at this one
take control of it Kate control the
doggy stay with me please for a walk see
the oblique help me yeah we got karma
and Koda the Sun is looking great
crystal our photographer who's amazing
this crate this is where we did some
shots for this is home video
you
you
there are some horses over here in the
field so all these calling out to him
you really want to ride a horse
Oh too hard
hey what sound of horses make hay you
want to hold them and you want to hold
them anyone's ride
get on your horsey you were talking
about you need help no get on there you
can do it put it right there and push
and swing yourself over now lift
put your leg over there you go
all I got this book for Christmas and he
is obsessed with it it has got a million
button he especially loves the kitty can
you pet the kitty yeah it's got a
million different buttons all different
kinds of animals that do all kinds of
different sounds and the book has like
the song that goes with it so we sing it
before bed and we press all the buttons
huh we learn all the different animal
names we are getting ready for bed now
he's got his new dinosaur jammas on and
now he's reading his dinosaur book you
like your dinosaur book huh yeah thanks
daddy
yeah but I did want to give you guys a
huge thank you for all the donations and
getting us up to $35,000 for the anchor
Cambodia fundraiser so awesome tons of
you guys have just been donating we have
less than 15,000 left and I think if I
did the math cuz I'm really big on this
whole twenty five dollars I feel like
it's really manageable plus it it'll get
us there faster I think we have less
than like 550 people that we need to
donate $25 it was a thousand people now
it's 550 we got this guy's if you can
give just $25 or more not only does that
give you at least five entries into the
running to win a dinner in Florida all
expenses paid tickets to playlist a
magical surprise in there as well it's
an awesome awesome incentive for you
guys to be able to give Plus the money
is going to eight awesome organization
that help people who really need it in
Cambodia we are so closed it is getting
so close to the end of the month and
that is when the fundraiser ends if you
can help us out please let us I did want
to give a quick shout out and thank you
to a ton of you who actually donated
fifty dollars this is part of our
incentive if you give fifty dollars we
can give you a furball shot
so thank you to Darren Tracy and Aaron
Davis ELISA Plomin Sarah - sang Roberta
Adams Hanna Charlesworth gunner Loudoun
Lorna ler Emily Johnson Chelsea backer
Lindsey Mont ears
Gabrielle Hernandez and Lena Naaman I'm
sorry if I butchered all your names but
thank you guys so so much it is a big
deal and we just wanted to give you a
thank you to each and every one of you
but anyways we're gonna end the vlog
hope you guys enjoyed today's video we
had so much fun doing family picture did
you have fun ollie
yeah we got some cute cute pictures so
we'll show this you guys sometime but
anyways we will see this tomorrow bye
all right yo
