when you're late for something you're
out of gas and the kids are crying this
is real life right here hello everyone
and welcome to today's blog I am on my
way to rehearsal Missy's gonna be
dropping me off got really fun stuff
going don't shut this light it's yellow
you can go through yes thank you I am
about 26 minutes late but the band all
has to set up and everything so I think
I'm good yeah I'm headed to rehearsal
and then Missy is taking the boys to
Mimi and Papa's hopefully they'll find
happiness there hey Jacob hey Jacob
are you hungry you want some rice get it
get it if you love these rice oh I'll be
around then hey whatever so we're in
this huge warehouse
we got Andrew Jacob Joe right I you know
I've been following you on Instagram so
I kind of just know you guys Kelvinator
techies oh I'm gonna call them token
here we got swanky getting key set up
Geoffrey you know this is a cool space
bro it's nice it's frizzy yeah it's
gonna get hot okay yeah so this is a
first rehearsal for the EP release party
pretty excited I actually have had a
cold for the past couple days so I'm
hoping that it will clear up by the time
of the event it's gonna be cool we're
gonna have a couple rehearsals it's the
first one lay down all the songs and
see how the van does with my music do
you hear that - we're gonna be doing
some covers that's gonna be a fun one
good morning guys we have made it to me
and Papas pin got a little snack so he's
a happy boy huh all is of course playing
in his little park so he's obviously
happy although he does need a little nap
just been having a nice day so far
although Brian was a little eh to him
his class but everything's been good or
is rehearsal but I didn't want to let
you guys know kind of my update
basically I spent hours in the ER and
then I spent a little bit of time
sitting in a bed and then they finally
came over to me and I handed them the
paperwork from Urgent Care and the
doctor literally was just like why are
you here and I'm like she told me I need
to like do for their tent she's like he
goes no like you have a kidney infection
it's the early stages but I don't need
to do more tests on you like that's what
you have we just need to get you safe
antibiotics for nursing so it's so mad
that I spent hours at the emergency room
when really urgent care should have just
given me my antibiotics right then and
there
so but we got the antibiotics I'm on
them and I feel great today I don't feel
like I'm even have a fever or any pain
so hopefully we caught it really early
before it even was a big deal airplane
ball right now all the things it's
hilarious
look what I just found
would this be a cool prop for the show
like what if we just bring out a lion
not a real one like a not a real ones
like a hologram lion and as I'm singing
just like
show us how you climb Molly you're just
playing hard on yourself
let's just kick that it run off low and
easy it's slow and easy
yeah good look at this little monkey I
knew you were a monkey the day you were
born
okay you're skipping like what are you
doing you did it all right going down
the slide
fix your eyes on the dinosaur big versus
and the science moves down for you
Dinah's I'm coming for you look so cute
you
yes Michelle you have to sit in the
littlest chair ever it's like a little
baby unicorn look who's here you guys
it's my buddy Maddie she's gonna be
ripped or she's gonna be rehearsing a
couple of songs we're gonna do our song
and then we're gonna do a cover like a
be cool have you got you oh you got your
dress already right yeah looking good
she's joining us for rehearsal it's
going really well it's really cool
hearing my songs lie all right we are
obviously playing a little too hard here
too hard dude ha ha ha I was feeling it
we were all so if you guys remember
Maddie and I did a cover of little talks
I think on my channel I'll have a link
down below so you can watch we're
actually gonna be performing the song
live a pv release party that's not
and they've been blogging a little bit
of this session so if you're not
subscribed to Maddie go check her out
link down below and she puts up weekly
blogs so you may see it a little bit
later but she's awesome too so go check
her out
Oh
my favorite song
no better day
but hi baby
oli is getting in the car we're going to
visit daddy franky yeah we'd go visit
dad that sound good okay yeah we should
go see what he's up to and how he
sounded and I'm excited to go check out
the band I don't think I've met I'll be
I've met like any of the band so should
be fun Ella can you sing it on mic
me you guys get that what he's probably
like what is this
see coming to the party go okay okay
he'll be in the soundproof greenroom
okay music up the hall hi mister hi bud
rehearsal was awesome thank you guys you
all killed it
not only did we break a string but Joe
also broke a drumstick thanks man how
much do I owe you
what are these five about five hundred
yeah that's all cool babe what do you
think you listen to some of it did I
sound okay okay I'm like I'm really
excited you want me to do more shows
you're like oh wow he's really good this
is my process I don't know if it's worth
everything yeah well I mean we've always
talked about like what if we did like a
family tour you know and music was a
part of it I'll be really cool like meet
and greets and yeah then just chilled
here in Michelle's arms hi buddy was he
good for you yes can you feel him Rumble
no you're his favorite what do we didn't
we found a game I know there's so many
random things here all right we're out
to dinner with the band we got the whole
crew everyone say hey look at Maddie
smashing up Riggs
she's high she don't slow down that's
good we had such great rehearsal and now
we're just getting healed up at Texas
Roadhouse it's what's for dinner
you've gotta go upstairs because it's
time for bed why good you didn't even
get a knock shit you're tired why I
don't know why you didn't pick enough I
don't know why oh yeah good baby shower
you were lucky when your toddler learns
about why how did that happen everything
that's why all you got to go to bed ah
keep is because he's answered his own
why because you're tired long day why
because there's 24 hours in a day
because that's what all the scientists
and mathematicians have concluded
like okay you got me beat
we are watching dinos before bed what
what's your problem
yep oli is hanging out with us and we're
watching some dinos getting him tired
for the day but yeah we're Herstal went
so good today I'm so excited for the
show I think I'm allowed to say that
it's going to be on January 22nd and it
will be at the YouTube space in LA and
so just stay tuned to these vlogs to
figure out how you can attend cuz it's
gonna be really stinking cool
but anyway that's all for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did give
it a thumbs up Ollie thumbs up thumbs up
no real thumbs up you know how to do it
there you go there you go show that oh
thank you guys so much for watching
subscribe leave a comment all that fun
stuff and we will see you manana
Ollie can you say bye hey no you don't
want to say bye say bye boom Maisie ruff
well these guys
raise your hands
might be scared
j√∂rgen what
Oh
