and now go to the emergency room and get
like real tests done like bloodwork
ultrasound
stuff like that not a copy about it I
really want to kind just want to go home
so bad but I am in pain you can't if I'm
gonna taste you now run oli here it come
oh my god oh yeah I know forget you oh
yeah
good morning guys I am in the back seat
of the car with my mom and my aunt
Christy and we're actually going to have
a really fun day we're headed to San
Diego and we're going to go shopping
hello guys know about Bryan's EP release
party is in a few weeks and I gotta look
good because I mean my husband's like
the main person right so is his wife
need to look good so I wanted to go like
shopping shopping at like nice stores
not just like forever21 like I want to
go to like Nordstrom's and like really
look at a couple like really pretty
dresses I'm kind of thinking like party
dress maybe like a cocktail type dress
not nothing like too long I know I'm
really excited about it I've got Finn of
course with me always stayed home with
Bryan and if it doesn't like the car he
cries a lot when he's in the car which
is understandable I mean all it was the
same way but my mom goes here's a tissue
can't put it over his face and I've seen
this video and I tried it once
work totally work look at him best
asleep so what you do is when they're
crying you just like take this tissue
you just like run it over their face
and he totally just like stopped crying
closed his eyes because every time I
like hit his face he's like closed eyes
and he just kept stuck on inky and he's
been quiet ever since so the tissue
works people all right moms great at
issue with you if you want to quiet your
child Holly are you awake buddy you're
awake and you got your blankie good
morning hey you want to you want to play
with pay where do you want to go he's
saying Disneyland with pay and live huh
yeah we can go see them okay you ready
to see the mouse buzzin what are your
there yeah how was your nap yeah good I
love you I missed you no yeah you at
night in there no good morning guys
Ali is just waking up from his nap and I
told him before he went down I said when
you wake up we can go hang out with
Peyton at Disneyland
I'm gonna meet Jeffrey and Andrew with
their kids and I'm taking Ollie
Mama's shopping Missy's getting a dress
for the EP release party and holy cow
she looks gorgeous
she's been sending me so yeah Missy is
getting a dress right now in Holly and I
are basically hanging out by the day
I've got it kristie holding fin this
she's all tucked in she's actually
wearing the tulip wrap or Tula ring
sling a lot of people in asking about it
really awesome I love it
how much more convenient than a wrap
rift like wrap it all around you
and I'm on finishing the stroller just
in case and we're headed into
Bloomingdale's which I've never been in
a Bloomingdale's so last time that I was
in this area was when I was pregnant
with Finn and I was trying to get him
the heck out me and I remember being
miserable so we're going to try and come
here and
just trying to see just as I literally
was like in love with all of them I
think this give me my head and I thought
that I had to show you before I came in
here I was like half to put on heels
because I do not look good wearing a
dress without heels then I want to see
it without heels and here you just have
a selection of heels for you to wear
this is the greatest thing like I'll
yield while you try on your dress like
obviously they're not like the perfect
match they may not fit perfectly that
you can see yourself in the dress with
the heels it's just like amazing so I
don't know what tell me tease ya I'm
like so excited look at that picture of
your mama isn't she pretty good you can
hold it here hold it say you're pretty
mama
alright here's a little drink for ya are
you gonna go poopoo on the potty
you hop Maggie jeez okay he wants a bite
a mac and cheese Wally's on the potty
mmm
remember if you go poopoo you get a
sucker where we say if he goes poop on
the potty we will give him a sucker and
he actually asked to be on the potty
right now so I'm gonna see if anything
happens probably not though I'm not
gonna get out
speaking of EP release party though guys
Missy's not getting an outfit for it and
I have gotten so much done and I'm
actually starting to feel really
relieved I was very stressed for a very
long time I'm choosing to do everything
independently and I actually probably
should have hired a party planner for
this
cuz there's so much to do with less than
two weeks to go it'd be a little bit
more difficult so I've been doing it on
my own but it's okay because I've got a
lot done this is actually going to be a
really fun event it's going to be a
local event it's going to be free to
attend so if you are in the local area
in Southern California be sure to be
checking the blogs for details on how
you can attend so which we really cool I
want to want to basically party with a
bunch of you guys and celebrate there at
least my first EP which you can
pre-order now on iTunes link down below
in the description you can also
pre-order on Google Play and Amazon but
iTunes is cheaper it's 399 until January
20th when it officially comes out and
you get the first track in Italy which
is pretty
I may be mistaken but I don't think
that's how it works buddy hmm okay then
all right guys I kicked off my dirty
boots and I'm trying on a pair of heels
we're in Jimmy Choo I'm looking at these
gold feels good check out these people
I think we're filming someone filming a
prank video right now
I still buy she's probably freaking out
like little doing oh my gosh I got a way
better angle over here guys got my new
toms bag that they sent me very
graciously thank you guys and I packed
it with a bunch of essentials so we got
snacks
we got diapers and wipes and extra
clothes and of course the iPad and lots
of goodies so that Olly doesn't get
bored yeah we got a little buzz figuring
in there too just in case all I needs a
friend I like it cuz it's magnetic so
you can kinda just throw it on there
it's nice cool bag all packed up I just
show Ally's outfit before we go he's got
his buzzing woody show your shirt off
whoa it says fly to infinity William
buzz okay let's go buddy we made it all
he say Disney yeah I made it all the way
here and Jeff text me and said oh we
never left so it's just all a night but
we're gonna have some fun and go see
some parades and watch the fireworks and
all that stuff what's that oh it's Woody
and Buzz you're right
that's your favorite right there huh and
add I know that's a dragon but similar
I'll eat it's so good on the way here
we're gonna have fun I don't think I've
ever been to Disneyland just me and him
so this would be really cool cool that
we can just drive down here and enjoy
the park for a couple hours at night we
ran into one of Ali's favorites that's
woody see him I think his mutant greens
over but he's being bombarded by fans
all I can get a good look at him
say hi woody don't think he's ever met
woody he's never got the chance to
before
look Holly see ya all right we have
found all these spores he is so excited
to ride aren't you we had to wait in a
line
but I distracted Olli by putting
crackers in his pocket tip factories in
the bucket
you ate them all you ate them all I put
them in will wear line for
Pinocchio Pinocchio
all right we went shopping that was a
lot of fun crazy I've never done
shopping like that I think I did really
good without going too crazy and I think
Brian is he proud of me and I had fun
like it was nice having them here
because I don't I'm not very good
shopping especially when I have to spend
money I just don't like to spend money
but it's like stuff like this so I think
I got some really cool stuff I can't
wait to show you guys maybe I'll do like
a haul video or something we are getting
a little bike I
from this place in Disney call
20 adventure they are so good what
Holly's drinking chocolate milk
they got mac and cheese and he's
actually obsessed with these carrots
aren't you are you a little bunny rabbit
you love eating carrots now we're
sitting right by the stage here where
they're performing some of this dinner
you can jam it out eating some yummy
food having great back with my boy right
now the fun yeah love you that talk
about silver linings it's just pretend
when you're high until the end
Oh
a little change of plans
guys I have been dealing with this like
current like a pain in my back sort of
area right here for actual days and I
would kind of worried about it and then
on the way call and I started to feel
sick like a fever and stuff and so I
thought I should just go to Urgent Care
before I end up having to like the
emergency room so I'm a little worried
that might be like a kidney infection or
something like that so I'm not urgent
care and just hoping that we can figure
out if this pain is related to like why
I'm sick and hopefully it's not like an
infection and hopefully maybe it's just
like cramping and I'm just being a baby
but I just want to be careful toes
kidney stuff is not really stuff I want
to play with so red urgent care and my
dad has a band out in the waiting room
and also Brian is at Disneyland with
Ollie it's so funny this upins all the
time like we're always looking the wrong
place but I want to just stay there and
go to the fireworks cuz not really
anything he can do anyway since he has
Ollie and I thought Mazal distant during
night because this could just turn out
to be nothing anyways so I told to stay
there and hopefully everything is fine
I am warned I am Orange update basically
urgent care feels pretty confident I
have a kidney infection but they don't
want to be giving me yep they don't want
to be giving me antibiotics if it's not
necessary because I am a nursing mom so
I have to now go to the emergency room
and get like real tests done like
bloodwork
just sound stuff like that not a copy
about it I literally want to cry I just
want to go home so bad but I am in pain
she did press on my back and it was very
sharp and pain like she pressed right on
the kidneys we'll see hopefully it's not
like super long way at the emergency
room I hate that Finn has to come with
me but I'm nursing and we'll just have
to keep him like guarded and all the
germs neighbor to see room
back in the car but making that house
yeah we saw Mickey Mouse always very
tired we saw we saw Buzz and Woody yeah
we rarely ever stay this late to see the
ending parade and the fireworks we
hardly ever do that anymore so it's
really cool to be able to come later in
the day and get to experience all that
with Ollie he loved it he's never like
responded to it that way he just like
was dancing and jumping and singing had
so much fun and it was just so cool so
many amazing memories it's just really
cool to be able to do stuff like this
with just me and him you know and I feel
like it's something I'm never gonna
forget I'm always gonna remember this
day so much fun but another news Missy
is not having a very good day she's at
the emergency room right now so I am
going to take this boy home and see how
she's doing I feel really bad she's been
really a lot of pain for a couple of
days and it kind of just got
overwhelming today so I hope she's okay
but I'm gonna end this vlog now I hope
you guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up subscribe leave a comment on I
gotta stop check out those links
pre-order you pay and we will see you
guys manana and hopefully we'll know
what the heck is going on little Missy
bye then so that's all thanks for
watching say bye
people may see rough ground these guys
if you believe you
raise your hands
yeah
you're mighty scared and
so easily
so right
two so far together
