hey guys before today's vlog starts we
actually have a super exciting
announcement for you so as you know
we've been doing anchor Cambodia
fundraiser all month long for the water
of life organization yes and so far we
have raised over sixteen thousand
dollars from some very generous donors
thank you
as you guys know - on the GoFundMe page
we have prizes for certain levels that
you donate but we have one more prize
that we've actually been working on ever
since we announced this and we finally
finished ironing out all the details and
we're super excited to share with you
alongside the fundraiser we will also be
running the dinner with daily bumps
sweepstakes yes so what this is is we're
going to fly you and a guest out to
Orlando Florida in April 2016 next year
to attend playlist live you're also
going to be able to have dinner with us
and a couple of our other youtuber
friends and there's also going to be
another magical surprise in with this
entire thing we're going to cover your
flight we're going to cover your hotel
the entire shebang we just want to bring
you out here and have a good time it's
going to be it is a big deal and we're
so excited to be able to do this you can
enter the sweepstakes simply by going to
the Anchor Cambodia GoFundMe page and
making a donation you can make a
donation as little as $5 to enter and
the more you donate the more entries
you'll get so for example if you donate
five dollars you get one entry if you
donate $50 you get ten entries if you
donate five hundred dollars you get a
hundred entries more chances to win all
the past donations we've received will
also count as entries but you're more
than welcome to enter again to give you
a better chance of winning and be sure
to check out the full sweepstakes rules
and the terms and conditions which we
will have linked down below in the
description box so here's some important
things you're going to want to know the
sweepstakes is open to anyone 13 years
or old
anywhere with the exception of these
countries on the streets and the
sweepstakes is void where prohibited if
the winner of the sweepstakes is under
the age of 18 they will have to have an
adult of the age 18 years or older to
accompany them with parental consent as
well the winner will be announced on
January 8 at 5:00 p.m. Pacific Standard
Time on the GoFundMe page and the winner
will also be notified by email so make
sure when you're making that donation
that you're putting in the correct email
so we can contact you so please help us
hit our goal of $50,000 or more for the
month of December and you could win a
trip to hang out with us at playlist
live and you could also help bring hope
back to Cambodia right where is he
what other thing is in front doing Liu
Kang ally this is called a puzzle yeah
and you put it together and it creates a
picture look at that go sit down okay
some only look at take these two pieces
and put them right there yep take those
pieces put them in the corner no that
won't work
silly push the corner dome there you go
good job
Oh looks like Fred brought you a bunch
of minion puzzles that we can put
together what do they say hello Donnie
and Kevin good morning guys
hey good morning Finn you got a little
dribble on you oh maybe the gross there
you go good as new
he just waved he just waved to the
camera did you see that he literally
just wave to the camera hey Olli say
good morning Finn give my kiss
there you go can I have those morning
kisses
good morning guys we're getting dressed
getting just for the day huh what's it
yes and he just asked for a gue simple
if you guys don't know yesterday we
bought the boys a bunch of clothes cuz
they were all eat leave it on come here
you're trying to show the monkey oh no
he was right here there you can show us
hi
put them in a matching outfit right on
I'm pretty excited about it
check out you're wearing a doggy hey
Olli
look look what is on Finn sure hey daddy
that's a donkey and what's on your shirt
Oh daddy another donkey too
now stand right there and show the
camera your shirt yay you guys let's go
you hold the donkey isn't that cool Eve
a snack your mother wearing the same
shirt all right you guys I actually
finished episode 1 2 and 3 of Star Wars
and Miss even watch the last one with me
and it was really good huh it was like
super interesting so now we're onto the
classics so we've started a new hope and
this is completely remastered so a lot
of like the creatures and the graphics
are actually really good I was surprised
like it
no it totally isn't as bad as I thought
um but yes Missy has been wrapping
presents Finn is sleeping taking a good
little nap and all he just woke up from
his nap true are you being Buzz
Lightyear all Eva loves watching Star
Wars with me too he does pew pew and he
grabs his lightsaber that Chris Parrillo
gave him and he like moves it all around
what Holly wait come here no Ollie come
here I want to show him the bug oh you
want your lightsaber over here yes it's
not a gun he thinks it's a gun for he
went down for his nap though Madi and
Michelle came over and got him some
presents including this little thing
it's like a little nano hex a bug thing
and all he loves it can you show me how
the bug works Olly yeah now put it down
what he's moving around there it goes Oh
oh he got it I think it's so cool yeah
let it move around fix it there you go
whoo all right we just decided to come
up to my mom's house today or my mom and
dad's house because everything my mom's
house um Papa loves you too okay guys we
just want to see the final yeah we
wanted to see the final part of the
playground and it looks so good I'm so
excited
yeah we just got done eating dinner my
mom made chicken noodle soup and wild
rice which I'm not a fan of wild rice I
feel like it just tastes like wildness
the wilderness not a fan
my dad is apparently making his lunches
what are you making done Oh ever cut Oh
perfect
notice how my dad says avocado there's
an R in there
avocado he says obrigado we correct him
every single time and I think he
actually doesn't know how to say it dad
I say avocado avocado hahaha
by the way how's your eyes doing dad
really good yeah he can see he can
totally see Hannah had any issues since
he got done he I can't see close-up
anymore which he used to but they kind
of had to like give and take a little
bit my eyes are doing awesome by the way
also and I'm pretty happy I don't have
any pain and I feel good so that's kind
of exciting get back in bed mister get
in that bed right now you know you're
supposed to be sleeping
him crazy hi
he was your candy corn
I know I liked it so far past Halloween
whatever he looks adorable you look
adorable
okay I want to read to this kid see them
go to sleep are you literally bouncing
on your bed right now when you're
supposed to be sleeping he's bouncing oh
he's bouncing on the book okay Lena they
don't get oh oh y'all you know you
okay all right Brian is putting all the
way to bed I'm gonna put this little guy
to bed you ready for bed oh he's like
yeah all right I got a binky and now I'm
super out of breath soon as we get both
into bed that's when the real parties
begins I have to do laundry and fold
presents and clean kitchen and organize
my life for tomorrow and all that good
stuff but that's just what happens in
your mom right God do all your work
after the kids go to bed but anyways
we're doing and the vlog but if you guys
didn't catch that we are having a big
sweepstakes for the Cambodia fundraiser
which we are really excited about I hope
you guys are too make sure you guys
check out the link down below so you can
find out how you can get dinner with
daily bumps in Orlando Florida
honestly just know that every dollar
counts no matter white whether you win
or lose it's a really big deal to give
money to an organization like this every
dollar does count and does help a child
or you know women who have been
trafficked and and really really need
the the help this country is definitely
in need and we can make a huge
difference we have a lot of viewers if
every person gave just $5 or $10 or $1
we can raise a lot of money anyways I
hope you guys enjoyed today's video give
it a thumbs up if you did and we will
see you guys tomorrow look at him he's
already asleep
yay bye
does enjoy
and that's alright
