oli Fred's down here I found him you
want to see what he's doing good morning
guys
oli is on the hunt for Fred our daily
morning routine nowadays what's Fred
doing over here what's going on oh my
goodness what the heck
Fred must have got in some trouble with
all the toys last night Holly army man
yeah yeah
too happy with him do you see Fred he's
all taped up what's he doing up there
Joe open you think he got in trouble
Wally oh okay he's got the tape
he's always hate mustard on something
that make his toys mad you should be
picking on the army man wow there's some
cool army man you can play with now hot
buddy you never had all the little ones
you only had the big ones will you play
with those okay watch watch the elf
peaceful stay up there oh you want some
chocolate milk can you say please can
you say I love you daddy
you say you're the best edit in the
world thank you
let's get some choco milk it is the
weekend before Christmas and we are
going to be daring to go out into it are
you ready we do have
traffic or crowds he really does it he
complains about it Oh shush your mouth
lady you're playing about me complaining
about it that is a very true statement
I'm in the backseat that with the boys
because this one usually starts out the
ride crying and I asked her wait before
I came in fog until he's done crying
because otherwise we would just get play
with me one more time so bad here with
me but no you're okay I hate having to
sit back here but at the same time like
I can't stand listening to him scream
and crying he gets the point where he's
like that's pretty much what he sounds
like
so it's not funny he does that so yeah
guys what does he do and all he does
like to like it when I sit back here
without hot you like what mama says here
we're actually headed First Communion
Papa's because they're getting some
final stuff done today I think there
Mimi and Papa Park is going to be
finished today
Frank you know that it's actually good
it's gonna finish day all the wrong
everything should be in today
I guess if something were to go wrong it
could be Monday but I believe everything
is done as of today and we're planning
on surprising ollie on Christmas Eve C
morning he will wake up and we'll go
over here and it's gonna be give it you
know a there's a lot of cool stuff in
the backyard and he is not to see it it
looks so good out there I want to show
you so badly but we're not gonna show
you guys when I'm showing Ollie or
keeping this secret but it looks so good
I'm so excited but yeah we just came
over hang out with my mom she's got her
wisdom teeth pulled
she's a sad mom alright now this is
pretty something years to decide to do
it yeah I know right I got mine done
when I was like 16 started Brian but I
guess she just didn't eat it until
recently so she got hers down so nah
she's or hers out so now she's like
resting and eating a lot of soupy foods
or like cold foods and in the store
right now lots of ice ice cream nice
jell-o pudding ice cream that all works
some it CNR out run some errands and
there was a Carter's nearby so we
stopped to grab the boys some clothes
because honestly we've been really
slacking you know every time we try to
boy buy the boys clothes we always want
to buy the say
shirt or design in in Oliver sighs and
Finn sighs and we can never find it I
like Walmart or Target well Carter's has
all the same designs for all of the
sizes so I was able to get a Tootsie
doggie and then a three month for Finn
Tootsie dinosaur sweatshirt look how
cool that is
and then a smaller one for Finn also and
then also a Tootsie big dinosaur because
always pretty much obsessed with
Dinosaurs and then we got a small one
for Finn also funny thing at Carter's
dinosaur everything I think it's just
because Jurassic world and the good
dinosaur came out and so all the kids
are obsessed with Daniels right now that
was a great idea of them because ollie
is definitely obsessed with Dinosaurs
yep he's getting a snooze in and Finn is
gonna know what they call that fast food
yeah hashtag dad joke we just parked at
the mall you guys it is
in same like the mall it has a circular
parking lot all the way around it it's
awful all around there's usually huge
spaces that are empty and completely
packed with cars I don't know what we're
thinking going into the mall right now
stupid yeah we are stupid people stupid
stupid idiot yep yep we are stupid we're
stupid right now Missy there's a line
for pretzels we are so stupid
look who I found hanging out at the play
land what's up buddy whoa what the heck
did mama get you a toy what's it do whoa
that is so cool
what yeah uh-huh he's kind of like an
alien yeah army man Oh army man like any
call from Captain America Kinsella am Oh
gotcha gotcha a for Avengers ha ha I
just did a bit of Christmas shopping
I met up with Missy and the kids they're
hanging out the playground area why is
all he's sitting here and not playing
all the kids are running to play with
the toy he's got the new he's got a
special toy plan so he's going from the
mall I told him okay you either give us
a mama and you go play or stay here with
it and he chose to stay with it that's
open he's like I know the hold on the
toy and just sit he's just been sitting
here not me for like ten minutes
Ali go play let mama hold it and you can
go play no he's gonna sit right there
with its book dude that is too funny - E
- E boy what's going on I has he made it
difficult to get anything done I'm
talking to me at one point oh
so many people what is that ollie yes a
dinosaur
we got Finn a little toy because we
don't ever get these things and it pulls
down watch out and then it goes up like
vibrates look he's like so amazed like
what what is going on we also got him a
dinosaur because we thought maybe it
would make Ollie be more interested in
fed and interact with him like this he's
wearing dinosaurs oh yeah that's Joe
yeah is that a dinosaur
oh good look at it yeah ah alright we
just made a wonderful dinner we got the
Johnson family here babysitting Fenn
he's been so good so easy just chilling
all day just being good chillin like a
villain what are you doing to live what
do you want to do you want to open the
ornament with ollie so how many did how
many days till Christmas six more days
did you find the ornament oh it's right
there grab it got it and then you guys
sit down right in front of the tree
right there there you go hey you wanna
hang unconscious there sometimes they're
tough to open
okay pay ooh give it to give it to live
she'll open it guys can split it but you
got to show us what it is
everyday it's a special shape because
she's opening it
oh let me see turn it around it's a
little present isn't it that's awesome
okay you want one wants them yeah
shouldn't like chocolate we're gonna
split it okay buddy look at that yeah
okay splitting some chocolate oh it
ollie that's hers okay he's like I'm
gonna get up in that chocolate good yay
six days till Christmas
Olivia what do you want for christmas
wait honey bunny you want a hundred
Barbies dang good look at that Santa's
just it did you tell Santa that's what
you wanted Holly tell her what you want
for christmas he was candy he wants
candy yeah how did you know well he
wants a sucker or see his behind you on
the wall
hey that's Fred he's watching you guys
he's gonna report to Santa Claus how you
been alright the cousins are leaving
Ollie you got to say bye to live kay
fussing okay okay oh yeah we put a star
just different look at this adorable
photo of all the kids I took tonight
they're all hanging down with their
heads touching we got pay Livia Ben and
Ollie to some cute looking kids putting
Ollie to sleep putting Ollie to sleep
and he's being quite the stinker bug Pet
go in there like a couple times now yeah
hi Karma
hi maybe you should if you should go up
there and sleep with him maybe you do
better anyway that is all for today's
video I hope you guys enjoy
if you did give it a big fat thumbs up
go check out the like a lion music video
on my channel right now link down below
in the description had a really fun time
shooting it turned out really good and I
am just super proud of this whole
project it's been fun so go check that
out click thumbs up on that video too
and leave a fun comment but anyway thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you manana
bye oh yeah look it that's our frame
it's kind of going crazy that's when we
all went to go see Santa they gave us
the spring and it like lights up that
cool alright bye
so right
