good morning guys we are all decked out
in our Mickey Mouse gear this morning
Minnie Mouse yeah Ollie who's on your
shirt Ollie mouse mouse and he says he's
dressed as Santa Claus oh that's funny
even little Phineas all dressed as
Mickey Mouse what are we gonna go do be
excited Ollie we're gonna go see Anna
and Elsa that sounds so cool we are
taking the boys and Kelsey and Corbin to
disney on ice frozen and I'm really
excited because this is something that I
did when I was a little kid my grandma
took me to the Toy Story on ice after
the Toy Story movie came out and it was
something that I'll never forget it was
so much fun so hopefully all I can see a
couple of Toy Story characters but yeah
we're going to the frozen one so I'm
sure there's gonna be tons of music and
and dancing and lots of fun stuff have
you ever been to Disney on Ice I'm
excited this is so cool they're gonna be
ice skating yeah I remember when we did
that you hated it you don't have to do
it though you just have to watch him do
it well this happened you guys we were
in the drive-through for Panera Bread
and I might have hit the curb just a
little bit yeah good going Brian I'm
sorry and then the car said that that
the tire needed air and I was like what
the tire does not need air and then we
looked and yes it does need air it's
very flat so yeah I pretty much feel
like an idiot right now and I just hope
we do not miss the event and because
we're about an hour and a half away and
it's about it's in about two hours so
again hey guys uh we're in two cars now
yeah that happens
but we're going to make it on time we
love to play should be there ten minutes
before so that'll give us time to park
and woo made it you guys are so cold I'm
seriously they're like we're gonna do
well thank you we were going to take it
to the entire place but we were just
like oh we're going to be so late to the
show and I want only to see the entire
thing so we are in Mimi's car and then
Missy and Corbin are in the previous
liquid so we're kind of separated right
now but we're all gonna get there on
time so yeah let me see Olly
let me see that stuff on that you got
reindeer antlers we made it oh yeah we
did it
we're actually on time go starts in like
six minutes let's go let's do this
Oh someone's on Ally we brought Auntie
along for help say like we got a flat
tire we have two kids and we made it
yeah that's pretty epic pretty baller
hey buddy you ready to see Disney on Ice
you know he's excited we've made it
Holly where's your toy Oh make it light
up what's it do we're here this is so
cool
we're literally like on the ice right
now
I wasn't worried
think they were going to come out but
they did
so has run and Elson on our building
Olaf the gods
you
whole lot to say about the food maybe is
what I've already are
you
the
how's that hot I got
all here's a little delirious it's nap
time but he had so much fun didn't you
yeah seriously really close a little
show
hey yeah
yeah that was a really really cool show
lots of gunpowder and magic and Ola gets
ready for a good nap right now though
it's really tuckered oh look at that
getting some antique cuddles in like
he's gonna pass out huh
and Kelsey's holdin fit you you held him
for the second half huh you just sleep
the whole time yeah that's where the end
is
like on the verge of making a thank you
yeah but you weren't complaining right
he's probably keeping you warm it was
kind of chilly in there so he's had done
with lunch and now we are headed down
the boardwalk in Long Beach which I
actually had never been to I've never
actually explored this city so a super
cute little boardwalk we're at the
marina I got the boats out all I really
wants to drive one so we might just let
him all you want to Oh okay baby so
night tough boy boats and ice cream on
the boardwalk boats and ice cream on the
board while Missy's mad because no one
got cookie dough although you could have
just got cookie dough all you wanna lick
all he loves when he gets licks YUM
you can't hold it it'll get everywhere
but you can have another lick just keep
your nose away from it
give me a hug give me a hug give me a
hug give me a hug give me a hug oh I
love you oh yeah you I'll see you in the
morning okay mom and dad are gonna go on
a date give her one more hug I love you
hi okay bye farmer Yumi say bye doggy
doggy
yeah fun with Mimi and Papa and doggy to
go on a little double date with his
house in Corbin so that's all at home
but a guy tag along we've got our fifth
wheel here but he's been really good you
simply pinch shoes anyways we're just
rappers consider and accomplished
outside yes it's actually really warm
okay bad I was actually at one point
yeah so we're just hanging out talking
with their friends I've got the good old
days in high school I just think it's
really cool yeah I think it's cool that
we're all four from high school would
you like the same high school we're all
for marriage or high school sweetheart
yeah we are both high school sweethearts
yeah we were working for Kelsey and
Corbin is so long yes I was friends with
both them and I'd go back before they
like he didn't mean it he doesn't really
care that much I German oh he cut along
I was always like you're gonna get
married
babe your hard work paid off there we go
now we just got to get them pregnant
like the theme of this year I know right
and I literally have been like holding
fan Li the entire time and they just
keep looking at each other with those
eyes trust me
don't get excited you really let down
it's gonna be a while but anyway this is
fun we've been talking about high school
and all the good old days a crazy day is
in those days that are high school like
I love you
you tonight oh yeah I got dressed up and
I felt really excited yes and me and
Kelsey our guy we're really excited
about that all right you guys that's all
for today's vlog I hope you enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a thumbs
up subscribe leave a friendly comment go
check out some other videos thank you
guys so much for watching I'm pretty
tired so we're gonna go ahead and call
it a night but we're doing something fun
tomorrow so be sure to catch tomorrow's
vlog we'll see you then
manana
