the world is yours if you believe you're
not
might be scared
oh alright well this is probably a good
a time as ever to start today's vlog is
very early in the morning and we are
going through the airport cuz we're
going home today
then did great going through security
ollie on the other hand had an
unfortunate accident he was sitting in
his stroller and then tumbled right out
of it on his face I'm right on his face
really got a got a bloody nose split his
lip his lip is all swollen now he's
really sad yeah it was like as we were
loading everything into the bins and
then he just fell and blood everywhere
and screaming and crying and I didn't
know what to do and I gotta say he has a
wig on and we totally forgot to put it
away and then yeah take it from him and
through security he screaming it's like
the only thing that's like giving him
comfort there which is unfortunate he's
like screaming the word
gun and he's bleeding everywhere it was
really sad you guys is really bad kind
of a really rough experience but you
know what Missy and I we just you power
through it you just kind of power
through it take care Oh Mitchell yeah
had some really nice people behind us
who were helping us with our bins and
all our items so that was nice too but
now the poor guy just wants cuddles yeah
he's want cuddles yeah you okay buddy
I love you I'm sorry that happened to
you yeah I'm okay are you okay poor guy
never seen him get a bloody nose before
that was kind of scary but it was like
in slow motion - he is like little
ignant yeah his side his face very sad
day but it's okay we're going home hey
all I guess what we're going home you
gave us a doggy okay yeah yes yes ooh oh
he's so beat up babe hmm oh we found a
video game place now he's a little
happier what do you got buddy
a gun are you shooting the screen shoot
the screen green whatever makes him
happy honestly let me wipe above oh you
wiped him up good yeah yeah he was
looking pretty brutal he's here he's got
total bedhead - we're eating at this
place called big city and I got a
breakfast burrito
he got biscuits and gravy and look at
this cookie guys it's ginormous it's
like the size of my hand please call big
city because all their food is ginormous
Olly is now taking refuge in the bottom
of the stroller
are you comfy Holly what are we on right
now airplane look out the window you can
see the wing how are you doing buddy
happy guy okay
frozen look growth yeah oh he's making
his gun fly now
yeah
only here we go say fly
just got off our flight and Allah gets
really excited to see a couple of people
hey I like who you say you who you
excited to see and and
yeah picking Koda Cody does that would
help Otis Cody oh we heard back in
California and I'm a little bummed
because what normally is like really
cold for us is actually cut informed now
because we're so used to well not so
used to but we're getting used to the
really cold weather in Idaho that now
are 60-degree weather in California like
kind of warm it was like overly cold oh
yeah I'm not I don't want to be you so -
20 degrees and it's like 66 now so it's
a little warmer day yeah you know what
we're gonna act may just find the
Southern California again 60 degrees
will be freezing cold to us and don't
die both the kids were sleeping a minute
ago but Ben is not singing yeah singing
a solo ensemble we actually were just
talking about how weird it was because
we woke up and we looked for Fred
everywhere in the house he wasn't there
the first morning yeah it was really
weird yeah so I don't know hopefully
Fred shows up I think he just went to
the North Pole last night and then
didn't come back
you know what that else is so
mischievous that knows what he did where
oh and look who's here Ollie who is that
that's your doggie hike huh hurt my head
karmic did you give all the kisses give
him kisses give him kisses give him
kisses we are home yay we have made it
and oh my gosh
Ollie oh how did that happen what Ollie
come look at this look where Fred is oh
my gosh he made you a poster that says
welcome home love Fred looks like we
caught him in the act
- oh say hi Fred we couldn't find him
today but it looks like he came to home
before us that's crazy
Fred you are a sneaky little elf
all right so Ollie just got a really
good bath nice refreshing he's reunited
with a dinosaur
ah oh you guys look at all his lip so
sad we show me your lip only oh it's all
swollen buddy does it hurt no obviously
not
his poor lip is so swollen on you guys
and he he actually when he landed he
landed on his nose so he got a bloody
nose but he also scraped like his nose
and like around it sassing your kid get
hurt like that giving him cuddles coming
he missed you so much
Olly give him kisses get our karma
giving kisses hey can we give him kisses
why say giddyup yeah my kiss oh yeah
oh gentle you gotta be nice gate mine's
like you just can you just give her
Mahajan acacia honey they're mock we
shake em go he's actually playing
dinosaurs right now
on karma all I can you give karma kiss
give me a kiss with the Dino Oh
Karma's like Oh to go kiss so we're at
my mom's and if you don't know tonight's
a night that the new Star Wars came out
and poor Brian he doesn't get to go for
me I feel bad that you're not going oh I
know
so yeah he's watching the old Star Wars
on yeah he really isn't like a big star
Wars fan but it's like the thing that's
going on right now and we're like the
losers at home watching the old ones see
it when the leaders are anything yes I
theater are a little bit too crowded for
us too oh wait I think all is sick all I
just went in the doggy door and we're
actually trying to keep it a secret from
him all I get back in here
come here Ally come here
hi so the backyard is nearly finished
and we're actually trying to keep it a
secret from ollie so he's not supposed
to go back there but he was just in the
dog yard area yeah doggie yard huh you
know what this means there's a Kasich
Christmas all I just opened up his
eighth ornament or his eighth day
ornament and it was a peppermint with
white chocolate that's pretty neat huh
it's different he's been getting a lot
of chocolate ones lately and this time
he got a peppermint one white chocolate
it's kind of cool but it's what's crazy
is that there's eight days till
Christmas I am so excited for Christmas
I honestly love Christmas I love
spoiling people for Christmas and I love
when you have just like what you think
is like the perfect gift for someone and
you just cannot wait to give it to them
and I feel like I got something special
for like everyone that I'm really
excited about especially Bryan I'm
really excited for Bryan's gift that I
got him
eight days basically one week we got a
week till Christmas one week and then
Santa Claus is going to come
are you brushing your teeth Ollie is
brushing his teeth and Finn and I are
hanging out looking up at the light
apparently it's super interesting my
little peanut hi mister I got a safe in
did such an amazing job on his very
first official trip you used to it boy
we do in my life we visit lots of people
we do lots of things cuz we like to have
fun as a family okay
so you need to be good on the planes you
need to be good when we travel sometimes
things get hectic it was a little bit of
a hectic travel day today
I'm really glad my mom got to meet him
and hang out with him for a little bit -
I didn't want to say - she wasn't able
to come over in the morning she was
supposed to come over this morning and
say goodbye but she slept through her
alarm
I felt bad cuz we had to be at the
airport so I didn't get to see her today
but we definitely had fun huh don't be
sad won't be sad who is that baby do you
see that do you see that baby yes you do
oh no what are you talking about maybe a
puppet who you talking to
calling Uncle Jimmy hey his name is
uncle uncle yes ever Jamie yeah he's
calling him Jimmy Hayes we're getting
ready for bed yeah got his jammies eyes
gonna wear dinosaurs tonight and he's
got his phone all right you ready to go
to bed okay hello oh hi Mimi uh-huh
uh-huh uh-huh
okay uh-huh uh-huh okay here's ollie hi
King
hi Dennis hey bye
alright guys we are ending the vlog
tonight but we had a fun travel day
you're funny
path and you stop meeting Papa you have
fun traveling in the airplane yep oh yes
if you guys don't know we actually are
having a fundraiser for Cambodia right
now so we'll have a link down below for
if you guys want to check it out we are
trying to raise $50,000 for the month of
December and we are really excited about
this fundraiser if you guys want more
information please check out the link
down below but also know that anything
helps $1 $5 like those add up we have a
lot of viewers and if you guys each game
just a dollar
we could raise a lot of money and it
could make a huge difference for kids
children women in the country of
Cambodia so make sure you guys go check
it out if you want to see what we're
doing
alright kingsnake thumbs up the plug and
say to scribe oh hang on hang on tasted
scribe okay say bye babe
so right
