good morning say good morning hey guys
we are sitting here eating some
breakfast Missy made some biscuits and
gravy which is honestly tasting amazing
right now because I was pretty dang
starving and I do want to say it's been
kind of difficult to vlog in the
mornings because Oliver is - yeah and
he's going through terrible twos right
now and it's kind of been crazy boy in
mourning yeah yes
he's just been so I don't know it's like
the littlest thing will like trigger him
you know it's like we're really going
around him yeah we're seriously learning
what terrible tease is all about you
guys because he's just trying to always
get what he wants and we have to
understand when he actually needs
something and when he's just whining
about something and giving us a run for
our money hey Ollie hey LD - Arthur
smile ki smile also you did me he
doesn't feel good yeah that probably is
part of the frustration but Finn and I
have been hanging out all morning on the
couch and cuddling haven't we
you've been watching some friends with
me what I like to do in the morning is
is lay on the couch with Finn or Ollie
and watch friends Ollie what's on his
what's on his jumper what's up Mickey
I'm lucky monkey it kinda looks like
it's actually a raccoon member you have
a raccoon yeah isn't that cute wouldn't
on yours
I knows yes
Eiling are you feeding karma okay put
that away now
thank you yeah all he just goes in here
goes in the food and puts food in
Karma's Bowl now that's like your new
chore okay you can defeat the doggy in
the morning so I got this custom molded
case for my drone and it holds
everything perfectly especially with the
propellers on which is what I wanted
because I don't want to like take it out
of the box and have to put all the
propellers on it you have chocolate milk
right there buddy drink that cool take a
drink so I'm getting my drone already
I'm getting all the batteries charged up
and ready and the controller - I think I
want to go out somewhere today and fly
it like for real not just in the
backyard but I actually if you guys
don't know they changed a bunch of drone
laws and you have to get your drone
registered now so I went online and I
did and I have a little registration
number and I have to put it on my drone
but in order to do that I had to get a
label maker from Macy's mom and this
thing is so freakin cool I can totally
understand why you would want to just
label everything I questioned this this
is happening
this is happening only you ready ready
all right Ali say still okay say still
go show mama go show mama go show mama
all are gonna be taken off for you he
doesn't like it not even on there is
barely on there hey Oliver
that's your name it's okay oh you'll get
your payback Syd Syd karma okay put it
on Karma oh he's gonna eat it
put it on karma you can do it oh he's
gonna eat it
crema stay still let him put it on it
was like no I'm gonna eat that yeah put
it on oh oh
Garba ate it I guess they don't like the
label maker as much as I do
alright all he's getting a haircut he's
so excited good morning ollie okay he's
really passed out kid is supposed to get
a haircut today and this is his current
state is this gonna work
Hey afraid I am very afraid to wake him
up yes
like we were saying earlier he's at his
terrible twos when he wakes up from a
nap it is like this seriously
yeah all he did so good like
surprisingly good yeah we walked in
there thinking this kids are you so
grouchy and it's gonna go terrible but
he actually sat still a really long time
now he's mad because he wanted a gun but
your hair looks awesome buddy
he actually did really good and his hair
looks adorable we are now at Rancho
Sports Park and you are gonna go play
right yeah we're gonna play and this is
actually a really cool place where we
can fly the drone so it's got its got
playgrounds and it's got lots of trees
and stuff so I'm gonna take out the
drone and practice flying someone what a
boo oh you see a boo go get a boo oh no
his head is gone let's leave him in here
okay okay you got your rabbit let's go
play
ah Holly I love your new haircut
don't scare your brother right-fin has
been laying on this mat playing with all
of these kicking these for probably
about 15 minutes now you're like a baby
genius you love it huh uh-oh uh-oh
what's on my head what's on my head okay
it's a quack quack or a ducky you silly
boy okay it's a hat whoo what now sucka
it's on my head can you get it Oh what
do we got going on in here making
breakfast for dinner
yeah it's breakfast for dinner we're
making pancakes pancakes eggs YUM Jolley
walked in the house and we asked him
what he wanted for dinner he said
pancakes and we're like that actually
sounds pretty good I'm looking a little
thin the clock hat I got a bum bow today
and weren't sure if he was gonna be
ready for it but we actually a lot of
the times will set up Finn like with
pillows and stuff on our bed like he'll
sit on her bed with souls all around him
yeah he's always had a super strong neck
yeah we got him the Bumbo yeah and he
loves it yeah it's actually really cute
he probably smells so good with his neck
and everything yeah to be honest the
main reason I got the bum bow is because
I take a lot of showers with Finn and it
would be really nice to just be able to
set him down for a minute and so I can
like watch real quick and pick him up so
like I said he's not gonna spend a lot
of time in it but he loves it so cute
he's like been looking around I'm
excited to do all the things that we did
with ollie and kind of get to experience
it all again it's gonna be fun yo guys
hi what's up Corey I love you I love you
what
look at this you guys we are at 996
thousand three hundred and fifty
subscribers today that's craziness and
for those of you don't know this is the
present that Jimmy actually engineered
for us he did all the programming for he
soldered all the things together
he made this amazing little box that
tells us our subscribers in real time
and it has been blowing up today we are
so close to a million subscribers I
think we might actually hit it in the
middle of the night you guys it's just
insane never would have imagined when we
started doing this that it would come to
this right now so it's really really
cool look at it
climbin it's climbin thank you to
everyone who's been sharing our page and
welcome all you new subscribers who are
new to our Channel
what's up check out some older videos
that we that we've done but right now we
are getting the boys ready for bed it's
getting late we're getting tired and
we're gonna have a fun day tomorrow with
a couple of friends Finn's all warm and
clean just got out of the shower feeling
good ooh nice and soft you ready for bed
buddy my little peanut getting his teeth
brushed you gotta clean those pearly
whites brah you like that food fresh
well I'm gonna use this one it ended up
good all right you guys that is all for
today's vlog and this is actually the
last video of 2015 that will be on this
channel crazy so I hope you guys all
have a fantastic new years please let me
know in the comments what was your
favorite part of daily bumps this year
also just so you guys know this is the
last day today the day you're watching
this of the anchor Cambodia fundraiser
to give so if you haven't given yet
please do so with the link down below in
the description and we will also be
drawing a winner for the sweepstakes
very shortly and we announced on this
channel and on my Twitter so be sure
that you are following me there as well
and excited to pick a winner of the
sweepstakes should be fun but as always
thank you guys for watching today's vlog
hope you enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up and we will see you manana bye
hey I'll see you next year
all right yoga
