we need some warm out he's like what is
that he's like oMG what is that mom what
are you doing right now
Holly say Oh Christmas tree
what are you doing you're taking a bite
of the minion are you wait wait wait
wait don't wait to me oh you're taking a
bite of the sucker he's holding you
can't it's not yours it actually is but
you can't eat that silly we're gonna
have to say goodbye to this Christmas
tree and the one downstairs in a couple
of days I know who's that soli
ya from Monsters Inc yeah you want me to
hold you okay hi good morning Ollie how
are you I'm a pepper you want to go see
Mimi and Papa today I think I think we
can arrange that
hey where was your book with the kitty
sound go get it he's been playing with
this book that has animal sounds all day
oh good morning so undecided is cup
screaming I see a nipple I see a nipple
boo so this book oh oh come on fingers
where's the kitty one
yeah I need some substance look you guys
um
okay we're gonna get you dressed okay
buddy look what we got a dinosaur
long-sleeve that was a cool-looking
that's yours yes that's a new thing that
he has started doing that's why we had a
little brother so you can know not
everything was yours today we are doing
a ton of fun things I'm gonna be hanging
out with Jimmy we're gonna go see Star
Wars again and then Missy is taking Finn
to his three-month appointment I think
three months of what they finished three
months old you guys so he's gonna go
have a little checkup make sure he's
growing okay and that everything looks
good and check this out we got a little
Finley in his dinosaur log sleeve too
Missy I wish I had one all he came down
this guy's like that's mine oh yeah you
have a dino straight here sit right here
look at you guys all cute and matchi
it's usually a cool Dino but like all
the bubbles and stuff you got Dino shirt
on you little smile what's that buddy
you're in the car
Polly conquered his fears and went in
the car oh he's coming down
oh hi what's up he actually went out
babe I have to convince him yeah I asked
movin got his own my own right on my own
keep going buddy go in the car well
watch okay
go now hey oh look at you you went up on
your own and you went down on your own
all right we just had lunch at
chick-fil-a and now Jimmy and I are
headed to go see Star Wars again because
I really want to see it again we have
time before Jimmy goes back to school
again so we're gonna go see it Brian is
off to start wars again with Jimmy and I
have the boys we're headed into Babies R
Us because actually as you can see I'm
carrying Finn right now because the
piece that we use to hook the carrier
onto it broke and so I have to buy a new
adapter so I'm taking them is oh yeah
we're a Babies R Us and so I'm going to
take them and grab that piece so I can
use the double stroller again cuz this
is this is nice but sometimes
inconvenient alright grab the adapter
for the stroller yeah and then I totally
forgot I had one of these for Olly and I
never did it with Cyn it's just like a
little handprint to hang on your tree so
I'm gonna get his handprints and put it
away so we can use it for next year and
that way I've got one for Finn he was
his first Christmas and one for Oliver
his first Christmas we are now rushing
to finish two months checkup I am a bit
late because I was looking for that
thing and then I realised I can't even
hook it up to put it on here so I just
went on my way to grab that so I could
have a double stroller for this visit
but I don't even know how to hook it up
so um I got it but I can't use it right
now so guy had strapped me again and
we're going in all these enough shoes on
but I've got his shoes I just don't to
be super late um so we're rushing in
Hey stay out of the cupboard dollies you
are stay there okay come follow mama
Oh God crap twenty two and a half inches
all right we just got done at the
doctors and Finn did really good my Aunt
Linda is over and uncle cliff in there
holding Findlay oh oh he's smiling
mr. ahankhah cliff and Bailey and CJ are
outside right now they're playing in the
backyard we're watching them on our
little camera that we got out there it's
a little wonky but they're having a fun
time they came over to hang out with
ollie and look at this kids passed out
he hasn't even hung out with them or
seen them and it's raining out there did
you know that it's it's 40 degrees very
good he's happy is he likes you guys
hearing cooing just got back from the
movies this guy's playing in the
backyard with your gun huh don't shoot
dad dad you shoot Tina he's out here
playing with CJ and Bailey I think the
car is faster than the motorcycle well
yeah cuz you're hitting your brother is
that fun Bailey let her go in front
she's faster
oh you ran into the pomegranate tree go
hit it there you go
yes we're having a blast out here oh
yeah just pull the devoman you found one
it's funny my leg you got the fire going
we're gonna do some some toasty hot
smooth we make me one babe this is the
cleanup making Schwarz and Finn's
getting some love huh hey buddy
you
all right I got dinner cooking tonight
we are doing nokey in a yummy garlic and
herb sauce with Stark yeah you're eating
what
yeah Jeannie you're eating with Jeannie
huh Missy was watching a video from how
long when was this this was September
12th so always like six weeks old I
think I've shown him what the baby looks
like who's that baby is a baby fish baby
fin yeah well guess who that is that's
actually baby
Ollie that's yeah that that's you that's
not fin that's you I mean they honest
one very similarly yeah how he could get
them good get himself confused but it's
so cute how does it look babe good yeah
guys it looks nice and warm and
comforting really good food for a rainy
day
you need some warming up he's like what
is that
he's like OMG what is that mom what are
you doing right now
Ben all he's got something to show you
huh
oh no what is it no it's a snake snake
show up show fin ah oh that was cute
Holly playing with you is he playing
with you as snakes like crazy boy you
guys something amazing happened tonight
we received an anonymous donation of
$10,000 to our anchor Cambodia fund
night I don't know I'm kind of
speechless about it
I feel very like humbled and blessed and
it just feels amazing
it was crazy we were just thanking
people on Twitter and just you know
helping people we were trying to reach
our goal of 40 thousand for the day and
I you know I was like I
gonna pick take a break and go upstairs
and put all a bed and my mom text me and
she's like um you just received a
$10,000 donation I was like what
Luke grab Ollie and I like run down the
stairs like Brian Grazer and then see
this like $50,000 really why so we have
reached our goal of $50,000 for the
anchor Cambodia fundraiser and I just
want to thank everyone who has shared
the page was donated over the last 28
days it's been incredible and I'm so
happy that we were able to organize
something like this and give back to the
people of Cambodia because the things
that this money is gonna do is really
incredible and it's all because of your
help so I know thank you guys and I
wanna let you guys know that the
fundraiser is still going on until the
end of Thursday and so if you guys still
want to get in on the media's incentives
or even that Graham's prize sweepstakes
you still can
yeah and your money will still do
awesome things for this fundraiser and a
side note the person who did donate
asked that their donation not be entered
into the sweepstakes
so yeah they want to be completely
anonymous um no reward no incentives no
sweepstakes or anything we're still
gonna thank you though yeah thank you
thank you if you're watching this
serious it like just made my heart like
skip a beat I was like wow that's
incredible so yeah yeah
check out those links for the donation
uh in below in the description thank you
guys for watching today's vlog we're
going to end it now fin is finally being
quiet
kind of crazy the person
but yeah thank you guys for watching
does he know
so right yurgin
