look at this
hashtag mom life right here good morning
oli hey you want to find Fred sure
you're fine Fred
captain you've seen this word catkin Oh
interesting
good morning guys this morning we are
going to find Fred and I'm feeling that
it's very very cold down here
cool yeah it's very very cold down here
um I did hear quite a bit of a ruckus
last night so I wonder what he'll go
find Fred what do you think he is go to
the table and find him do you think he's
over there no he was there like a week
ago
what about the tea we'll go check out
the table go check out the table is he
over there where's Fred Fred nope he's
not there either
hey what about by the couch
say Fred where are you see in there you
see him go get him go see him oh my
goodness what happened here yeah and oh
ha ha ha what I also do too Fred
look at that buddy yeah what are you do
you to feel it he's frozen he cold it's
cold huh program that's so funny you
must have made Elsa pretty mad last
night to deserve this I wonder how we're
gonna thaw this
silly elf all right let's put these on
and now I'm gonna play the song kay yeah
do you like it he loves the song you
guys oh that is adorable
Oh Oh what huh you want to sing sing it
yes if you guys miss the news my new EP
is available right now for pre-order a
special price during the pre-order only
three ninety-nine and you get the very
first track instantly pretty awesome so
go check it out links down below in the
description all he loves it though
shake your booty and look where I found
it this morning you guys sandwiched
white right between Pharrell and Meghan
Trainor climbing the pop charts on
iTunes at number 96 so awesome I love it
oh and I just checked it again and now
it's right in between our city and Adele
Adele I'm coming for you girl I'm in
very good company right now in the
iTunes charts you guys
and some low-key Christmas caroling
check out Ramon dad just got in the mail
got fine that safe Finley Lane and all
of her way so cute
I'm it yeah so these are gonna be going
up in the backyard yeah they're gonna go
on the backyard they're gonna look like
street signs basically yeah my dad was
put together the park benches which are
really nice super good deal on these two
yeah so I think this is gonna be done in
like fall by next week so we're really
excited this is like the final stages
but we've got the spots for the lamppost
to go and then this right here this this
is the street sign post oh my gosh I
think's ginormous yeah and this will
sink into that and then we can take the
street signs wherever we go yeah when
they move and stuff so they basically
like leveled this whole area out they
got gravel down getting ready for the
turf like executed oh really
look how blue his eyes are if
everybody's wondering yes then yeah he's
a little blue-eyed baby I think we got
another one Jesse sorry Brian
none of my kids are ever gonna have
green eyes all right Phineas in the
stroller sleeping soundly and ollie is
also in the stroller sleeping sound
you're like a cat
yeah he likes being in the bottom of the
stroller hey Ollie what are we gonna go
do yeah we're gonna go jump look who we
ran into at the trampoline park and they
have yet to meet Ben he's very little
not cool
yeah Chris and the fam we're in town so
we decided to take the kids here this is
a really great place to tire them out
have they been to this so cool no this
is way cool it's really cool I actually
don't jump anymore cuz I get really
sweaty yes so if you plan on jumping
plan on taking some layers off because
it gets pretty hot oh hey also I want to
say being friends with me has its
benefits well that's awesome so there
you go oh dude thank you I don't have
the hard copy there you go that's the
full EP don't leak it okay if you leak
it I'll know it was you okay okay we
pre-ordered this dude thank you I
appreciate it graduation thank you it's
fun yes and also will you look how
festive they all look you guys all look
so wintery
except you look all Grinchy ooh those
are cool
you guys ready to jump all he's excited
Baili Jacob and Parker caught Ollie some
presents and all he's so excited to open
them can you open it what is it oh
that's so cute thank you guys that was
so nice look at that that's so cute okay
open Woody's not in that one woody he
get that what he does look cool this hat
huh alright we are off to another fun
Christmas night we're headed to a street
that every year they basically all
decorate their houses and they sync them
to like all the same music they have
their own radio station event Bainbridge
Circle yes Bainbridge sorry famous out
here yeah fun for all a to get to see
the lights this year and with the music
and everything actually meeting up with
my family and CJ and Bailey my cousin's
kids because Cassie's watching them for
the night so we're gonna hang out with
everyone and goes to the night
and we have arrived Ali are you ready
that's new up there there's Jack
Skellington up there that's pretty
stinking cool huh
you
okay
and that's it we had a lot of fun at the
Christmas lights all I did you enjoy the
Christmas lights hey chickie Christmas
night yeah good job that was so much fun
we really enjoy it it's just fun because
I can't believe they get do all that
like names they come together yep me and
Tim Hubble we're all there it's a
Christmas tradition in our family to go
every single year yes and we did
although Jimmy decided not to go because
the UFC fight was on so I'm mad at him
anyways we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog cuz we're heading home we're gonna
go to bed get all cozy if you guys
haven't pre-ordered Brian's EP yet click
the link down below and do it also if
you guys haven't watched the video for
the anchor Cambodia fundraiser go check
that out there'll be a link also down
below hope you guys enjoy today's vlog
give it a thumbs up if you did tomorrow
right
