yeah good morning guys I just got all
the boys ready they're wearing sort of
matching clothes he's got his I'm the
little brother shirt and then all he has
I'm the big brother shirt huh Elihu put
your shoes your shoes you were shoes
yeah I were actually getting ready to
head to another Christmas party
celebrating now with my mom's side of
the family it's just me a really small
get-together not such a big deal but
we're excited to go play at Mimi and
Papa's park you know jump with pain yeah
all right let's go play with a gun hey
geez I told my mom to hide those so we
get over there it's not the first thing
he grabs he's once he's got some you had
enough put him down you know this
hangover yeah I do yeah I seriously know
I look - like three yeah yeah I'm so
exhausted okay let's go all right we
were all over at Mema and Poppa's we got
olive garden salad and super Punk yes
look at you tossing that salad get a
girl oh look who's here
Olly it's paying live what's up guys
come on in we got food we got games
it's warm in here yes it is what's up
right oli is showing pay and live his
new backyard at Mimi and Papa's he's
crazy look at that
there's tons of lookit there's a car
there's a motorcycle there's a tricycle
pretty cool huh
you
all right instead of presents we decided
everyone's going to bring a game a board
game we are going to draw numbers and
pass them out and do like a little white
elephant with them
Jim you must be so excited yeah if you
guys don't know Jim is like a board game
aficionado lives and breathes vor games
for games
nobody hates the 84 games so busy and
terilyn are giving up numbers right now
everyone has their board games and we're
all going to play miss you got reverse
charades first rate would you get good
dinosaur matching game that's pretty
cool one
you got a the best of TV and movies
what's this couple do you know how to
play that you have it now belongs to you
we have balderdash sports scene it
bounced off you guys remember that game
that's fun never have I ever here live
Merry Christmas
tear it open
do you like it it's the new Cinderella
Merry Christmas
oh that's just Qbert alright pay this
big ones yours
have at it girlfriend goodness it's a
Minnie Mouse cookset you gonna open it
she's just like ollie
you're welcome
Merry Christmas that's for you visit the
fart gun the fart gun from the stick of
old me I've honestly been wanting to get
him that okay you hold it did you not
have it no that's great thank you
Thank You Kristy here line up and down
up and down and oh yeah
new Apple TV there's a little gift card
you guys can buy a couple movies to
thank you word up okay that's for you
guys to show me how so now you have one
for when your grandkids come over
Casey open yours yeah there's a little
story behind this when you open it daddy
Oh ps4 games for your new expo so your
mother asked me hey what do I get Casey
does he want a ps4 or an Xbox and I said
he wants a ps4 we were just talking
about it and then I bought you those
games and then she said oh yeah I got
him an Xbox yeah so we'll give you the
receipt is that yours oh and Chrissy you
save my mom something what is it this
was like we don't have legal ID
bracelets more in the 70s why do we wear
weave in case we got made it into a
necklace because I can't get out yours
oh yeah says Suzanne Maloney I found it
in her jewelry box so I'm back of it has
the Pledge of Allegiance I remember I
could so ruin their asking out Oh mine
right Jim right under his mouth your arm
is just completely soaked
he's so comfy though hanging with his
papa
what buddy you want to play outside
all right everyone Finley just saw his
very first Star Wars movie we went to
the movies with Jimmy and Jim we took
thin and he did great really good cable
like he slept the whole yeah
how'd you like the new Star Wars Missy
high school I stack Mom pipe literally a
mom did you guys like it it was so cool
I'm really excited to see where they
take it I just think it's so cool that
he just saw it and he's like seven weeks
eight weeks
what is he eight and a half okay nine
penguins
nine weeks old saw Star Wars and he was
a fan oMG you guys Zoolander 2 oh you
can you can change the outfits
hahaha that's really cool
oh hey did it of course Jimmy has to fix
it because he loves Rubik's cubes
alright we were back at Mimi and Papa's
we're going to get Ali who is asleep
he's sleeping in Cassie's you're I'm up
tall right open mmm
he's so piece o time I pick him up
you know take care of the car and take
you home kay buddy right you guys we are
back home Ali went straight to his bed
which was nice he had a fun day with
auntie and I honestly loved seeing the
new Star Wars movie it was so much fun
just felt like the first Star Wars movie
that was it felt real you know I mean
before I end today's vlog I want to do a
couple of really cool verbal shoutouts
these are shoutouts to the people who
donated 50 dollars to our anger cambodia
fundraiser you guys want to check it out
and donate the link is down below in the
description there's tons of really cool
incentives like shout outs Skype calls
signed cards shirts stuff like that also
for every $5 you donate it will enter
you into a sweepstakes for a chance to
win a huge trip to play this live in
Florida have dinner with us and do
something really cool and magical so go
check that out links are down below in
the description that's going to run you
guys for the next three four four days
December 31st
we want to be at our goal of 50,000
we're really close I think we're like
15,000 away so this is it it's crunch
time we really need your help so with
that said huge shout out to Kimberley
and Juliana Roth or Mel Lori cook
photography
Bettina nor heed a me wearing Sofia
Rogers Ashley Sampson Rachel rosin
Hadley born a man Amina saw when Yvonne
Deardon Nicola Dunford Toni Witter
Michelle Rogerson Hannah Bridges Megan
molesky faith miracle
Kimberly Lachlan Jamie Josh and Layla
Peters Brittney fury Madison Shoop
Selena Peterson thank you so much you
guys for donating to our fundraiser and
for getting us that much closer to our
goal that's all though for today's vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did be
sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
we're so close to a million subscribers
this is what the box says right now
real-time nine hundred and seventy two
thousand nine hundred and eighty-five
we're like 27,000 away you guys that's
crazy yeah
today's video thanks for watching we'll
see ya bye
and that's alright you
