oh no you guys we left the fire going
the whole night that's not very safe is
it good morning guys
Pauline is coming down the stairs hey
you want a cookie how about we find Fred
first where's Fred where is he oh you
think he's in there no that was like two
days ago he's not in there no more where
is he Fred what is he in are those
donuts yeah it looks like he had a
little feast last night and ate some
doughnuts well how about we get you some
cereal okay yep we'll get you some of
these you want some of these Olli
these are little elf cookies yes yeah
all right Olli say bad Fred yeah say
that makes you sick yeah okay let's get
some food uh I think Fred disappeared on
us
very quickly yeah so you just eat finish
eating his doughnuts okay is that good
you like the chocolate sprinkles yeah
easy Nala Fred's little doughnuts now
good morning guys today is a whole new
world for me yesterday was kind of
rushed in that I could not open my eyes
the Sun was very very sensitive and
today today I get over my eyes and I'm
standing outside and the Sun is out and
I'm not like overly sensitive so I'm
like so happy I have like a dry contact
in it because it's like a bandage over
my eye and today I think he's going to
take it out I'm headed in right now the
eye doctor hopefully he takes out my
contact and I'll be good to go a happy
happy girl
we've got Finn here this thing is so
heavy that me my mom have to share my
carrying it is ridiculous great way to
see the hard part I know that was kind
of uncomfortable you're pretty tough
kids so now we're going to get the
contacts out there and then the vision
will start really getting more clear
kind of day by day once we get the
contacts out I'm going to take this one
out okay so with that out you might be
able to tell sometimes people say it
feels a little better a little worse
about the same doesn't hurt too much I
think so we're probably do that skits if
you probably leave that out just getting
tougher but can you guess that letters
here a F e OT right that's pretty good
that's better than I thought you'd see
today but good his he has made a little
nest for himself and always beanbag are
you comfy you look very comfy boy oh
look at that
vile I've got a cat yeah
you growing up so fast oh is that your
smile button beep this kid is so cute
crazy like how big he's smiling now it's
so cool he smiles a lot and normally we
just have to look at him and go hi hi hi
that tickle in your belly is yourself we
are headed to meet Santa you're gonna
see Santa oh yes he's right now watching
him meet Santa the very first year so I
think he was like 5 months old he didn't
really good
next year not so good
ah no it's okay
oh my gosh ah kind of a disaster but I'm
trying to get him excited to meet Santa
and get him you know not scared I have a
feeling you probably scared up Holly be
with him I'm trying to get him to like
watch other kids go see Santa and show
them that it's not scary
got them all loaded up and we're on our
way to see Santa this is the real Santa
by the way Darrell Santa comes to our
mall and he's pretty incredible all
right ollie here we are at Santa's place
what are you gonna ask Santa for
Christmas
you want candy he wants for Christmas
you guys
me me an auntie I here
and II definitely what do you want candy
and he wants candy for Christmas so take
note guys he wants candy take back
everything I bought it
no doing that
see
so show me but you get oh my good we
ended up getting a really good one of
both the boys and Santa and then we also
got a family one right yeah my favorite
look at that yeah I got to do is tell
all you're gonna give them some candy
then he'll smile okay and we got the
little USB flash drive too which has
some hilarious photos of ollie screaming
on Santa's lap too
that's just like a Christmas tradition
you got to have the screaming on Santa's
lap photos so Arlo
that's cool he has spot he definitely
needs an Arlo did you find buzz huh you
found buzz isn't that cool you love buzz
don't you so hard to not buy every
single thing for Ollie right now like
mittens Missy and the Hat actually he
would love those and we're going
somewhere cold again you know what you
got buddy I'll give him a hug don't big
hug that's a really big one he had to
stop at mrs. Fields Cookies to grab some
cookies and all he specifically wanted
the sugar cookie with mmm show me your
cookie can you show it to dead ooh there
you go he's like is that close enough
and Finn is obviously very happy that
you're eating chocolate chip cookies me
like oh yeah I'm gonna be having that
later oh yeah that's gonna taste good
like he doesn't quite get the concept of
catchy yeah so we're working on okay put
your hands together like this I'm gonna
throw okay catch okay
catch yay I think that's good ain't
Brian oh sit Bing Bing Bing Bing only
things that's hilarious
are you doing again always engine
spinning right now sit down oh oh you
okay
oh you drop your cracker you got it
oh we've showed this on the vlog at you
guys but look at hashtags tink it's like
a winter wonderland in there miss you
put white rock and a little egg you and
an abominable snowman you do it without
ice a big blue big glue hashtag is
pretty happy in his little winter
wonderland we're gonna go to a winter
wonderland later tonight kay I'm gonna
go to the Merry Christmas house Bing
Bing put that on okay yeah okay what's
in over here we have to wear the hat so
we can go see Santa get candy hey Vince
too far away from us we just have to
smile now we can go see Dan okay one day
smile you'll get candy
I got a sucker for you if you look at
mama and say cheese oh yeah
that's pretty cute I love it good job
just in case you're wondering how you
actually wrangled two kids together to
take a photo
lots of manipulation lots of Tears
it's pretty much our life now oh look
he's like pay up pay up dad you told me
that be a sucker now pay up we are
headed to the merry christmas' house if
you guys are called we went here last
year and it's this amazing house all lit
up with a ton of Christmas lights and
the owners are just so nice they just
open it up and let people come in and
get candy and hot chocolate and soup and
so we're gonna go in and enjoy all the
Christmas decorations
okay okay you're wearing your Santa hats
keep your ears one and this year we're
bringing Finn he's got his Santa hat on
too miss Minnie as you see minions
Oh naughty or nice slide fellow here we
are yeah
fire going look at all these lights look
at the little town he's my gosh yeah
okay you know who would love this place
kollene yeah Wow the Train what it
trains do to tune crazy and we ran into
a viewer say hey what's your name that's
Libby huh
yeah all right let's put the train back
buddy look at this they have a drive-in
set up let me know in the comments if
you guys know what movie they are
watching with all the cars though that's
cool
Holly got a cookie and guess what this
is in front of us Ollie it's Disneyland
miniature holiday Disneyland look at
that
even the fish of a Christmas tree it's
amazing they go all out yeah they do
little cave over there I don't want to
go yeah you think you decorated your
house and you want it yeah look at that
oli they're skating that's so cool we
are leaving our mark on the guest book
it says Merry Christmas from the daily
box
Ryan Missy oli and Finn yeah so if you
come here go check out our name did fit
enjoy it he did enjoy it
he's like it was a great place to take
the rap off that first off hey let me
take a picture
hey hey throwback Thursday for you all
right we got oli in bed he's being kind
of a stinker so he might come running
down the stairs at us but we wanted to
give a couple of really awesome
shoutouts now if you guys don't know we
are doing a huge fundraiser this month
trying to raise $50,000 for water of
life and we're calling it our Angkor
Cambodia fund so please go check out the
video we made for the fundraiser there's
a link down below in the description to
the page that you can go watch that
video on that fundraiser page is a ton
of incentives and rewards that you can
choose from and there are actually
things you get when you give here are
all the rewards we are offering you can
get thank-you tweets song downloads
verbal shoutouts sign card exclusive
shirt and a Skype call and these are
basically just to say thank you for your
donation so these people right now the
ones that we're about to call out gave
50 buck to our fundraiser and we just
want to say a really big thank you to
each one of you personally so thank you
Molly Higginbottom and thank you to
Larry and Rudy Caitlyn Grantham thank
you so much and thank you for supporting
such a great foundation thank you Sara
Kabul big thanks to James Schlueter who
says he's already giving $50 a month but
wanted to give a special Christmas gift
thanks man appreciate it lisa-marie
carpenter thank you so much for your
donation and big thanks to John Heidi in
the entire Rowland family also for your
donation
Leah Harris thank you so much for your
donation and Diane Butler we appreciate
your support
Kaitlyn Rhys Lee thank you again for
your donation huge thanks to Claudia
Jensen Lauren and Maya thank you so much
for your support and merry Christmas to
you too
Charlotte Arthur thank you so much for
your donation every little bit helps
even Pavlik thank you so much for your
support and thank you Cynthia Chan
Jessica Jensen thank you so much Jessica
said she wanted donate last year but she
couldn't um and so she got to donate
this year so thank you yeah we really
appreciate it
also big THANK YOU to Courtney Churchill
Kayla and Cobie Burton thank you so much
Kayla is 11 years old thank you so much
for helping out I want to say a big
thanks to Jordan and Joshua Haman they
say much love from San Antonio Texas
much love from Southern California big
thank you to Dolly's vlogs and hi Noah
and Amelia hi guys big shout out to
Sarah Lynch thank you so much for your
donation and Valerie go Yeti thank you
so much Valerie said I hope you reach
your goal us too we need your help guys
please go check out the fundraiser last
but not least Elaine Turner thank you so
much and she has an 11 year old daughter
named Marley who is a huge fan so hello
Marley so that's all for this round
thank you guys so much for donating and
checking out that page we really
appreciate it
there's a lot of work to do in Cambodia
and this money is really going to help
them out but anyway that's all for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did be sure to give it a big
thumbs up and subscribe and comment and
go check out all those links and all
that good stuff missing ours now chill
by the fire thanks for watching guys and
we were seeing ya
Hey they see the world in different
colors and all I can think about is how
I can't live without you
