say Merry Christmas Eve my little boys
are already and the dougie that's right
it's Christmas Eve and guess what that
means Olli one last time to find cred
right and then he goes up to the North
Pole for the year
that's cool yeah you won't go find Fred
fun ok shed one last time one last
search go find Fred hey where are you
yeah keep looking I don't see him yet
um look up here
what is Fred doing he made a total mess
with all of our flour and apparently
he's making snow angels and there's a
minion - you can touch the minion what
be me snowing dolls hey don't let me get
him my watch him
what first gift of Christmas Merry
Christmas Eve we are at Mimi and Papa's
she made yeah oh I'm Jeannie those are
some biscuits and we got gravy and eggs
YUM so when Mimi and Papa moved into
this house the backyard was completely
barren dirt rocks weird-looking bushes
and some weed there was lots of weeks it
was definitely something that needed to
have some TLC done so we came up with a
brilliant plan actually Jim came up with
a brilliant plan
yeah and today we are surprising Olly
because it's basically for him basically
for us but it's kind of problem for me
Impala is also just don't know it's
awesome it's really cool so basically
we've built a custom Park in their
backyard now you know everything just
went from just a thought in our heads to
real and we're gonna show you guys what
we did it's pretty insane yeah let's
show Holly and decide what do you think
I know well go go through the paper push
Mary go keep teryn go go what do you see
toys dinos he went for the dinosaurs
first this is Tina the Triceratops
yeah and that's how dinosaurs fight
you
raaah oh oh we also have a basketball
hoop good job dude I'm gonna climb on
Tina you can go for a ride yeah there
you go get it boy get it you got this
yes good job dude look what's behind you
it's a huge playset swings and a slide
and it's all yours buddy we got a swing
but look at those stairs here yeah
what's mama doing she's flying yep all
right whoa what's this because I mean
huge oh he's excited now I think she's
pretty excited to jump with you
she said she's waited 18 years to have
her own trampoline yeah take a take
your shoes off look it's up here oh so
yeah this is our own completely custom
Park at Mimi and Papa's a lot of this
was Jim's idea I wanted him to have a
path where you could ride a bike this is
about the age where they just start
riding by yeah now you could do a
complete circle around the entire thing
and then we put different types of fruit
trees along the path you got kumquats
oranges tangerines apples pomegranates
peaches and avocados next
lemon nectarine and nectarines and
lemons will be gone online the fruit
trees the grass is turf which is really
nice because they don't have to do any
maintenance on it and they're not to cut
it or water it the fruit trees require
more water so now we've sort of saved on
the grass and we can actually feel okay
putting a little more water on the fruit
trees boom we moved this tree from over
here over here in the middle so you'd
have a tree to climb on important to him
that only has a tree to climb gotta have
a climbing tree kids gotta have a
climbing tree you can fall out of and
stuff he's gotta have something to break
his arm on for the first time and then
we want to make it look like a like a
street so we put up street signs we did
Oliver way and we did Finley lane over
there so it changes the Finley Lane yes
it merges into Finley lanes picture him
going around everything we put here we
put to make sort of like a park setting
with the light yeah these are all solar
this is a angel from Grandma's house
grandma's watch all room and that's the
way we did pathway and we got three
different swing types on this swing and
we have others for backup so we can swap
them out whenever we want this one is
very interesting the coolest one it's
like super low to the ground fun no they
swing wide is this amazing like we will
be coming over here to go to the park
yes and that's what we wanted we wanted
a place where we could drop off the boys
and know that they're safe and they're
gonna have fun so Mimi and Papa's is the
best place for that so cut a slide here
goes fast and inside bumpy we've got a
rock climbing wall with a rope we've got
the big tunnel slide over here we have
another sort of climbing thing that
leads to nowhere okay then we have this
ladder so you can climb up here
underneath is pretty cool so it's got a
little picnic bench and picnic tables
then climb up here he has a steering
wheel he has tic-tac-toe he has a
telescope he's flag
you got a cowbell up here too
we are missing a couple things we're
gonna be hanging a wooden sign up here
that says Mimi and Papa's Park and then
also this is very important but we have
this nice little rock pit right here we
will be putting a sign here that says
Jackson's garden because Ellie and
Jared's little boy Jackson loves rocks
and he's going to come over here when
they visit and they're going to have so
much fun in this place too so they
extended this porch out completely - we
want to make sure we had a really comfy
place to sit and watch the boys play so
we have this really nice sectional out
here fireplace we can roast s'mores and
we can just sit here got some move
lighting out here as well have a life
like dim and oh yeah ya need to sit here
and Mimi and Papa can watch the boys
play ball this is this amazing babe like
today is because we've literally been
waiting for this for so long
not last night I could not sleep like
mine Monday hat came I was like how am I
gonna make it to Thursday yeah this is
this is just like it's so crazy because
like Papa
Missy myself we all have these ideas and
we just put them all together and
created this place I'm like and it's
gonna be a place that Ollie and fin are
gonna play out for a long time yeah and
then I think it's cool because like they
felt like these fruit like they can
literally send Ollie out like go get it
go pick me at orange yeah you want an
orange go pick an orange it's such a
cool thing to to be at Mema and Poppa's
in half and fin will just grow into it
gonna grow into this park dude
you
you
alright guys we are now at my Aunt Linda
we're having our annual gingerbread
building contest and I'm all I just gave
the CJ a present Wow dinosaur Bailey's
opening for a present from you now she
has been asking to open this all day
long
and they just got him one at this from
this is from you guys
oh this is from you he's like so
obsessed with my eggs right now here you
go
all he did really good at wrapping that
okay Merry Christmas Olli thank you
Oh say you're welcome like I said in the
annual gingerbread building contest and
it is going in down this year I'm all
nervous Brian and Beverly have teamed up
this is a bad because I she's my sister
this year yeah what I got going on here
we have built a gingerbread roller
coaster still need to decorate it but I
got the tracks of all support we have a
new way of supporting them with the
marshmallows you see that because
marshmallows are sticky so we cut them
in half it's gonna be up there we're
gonna be calling it time's up
the end it's over he basically
simplicity and Jimmy and Cassie are
building like a fort or something yes
you
you
so my antenna Nobel Kevin they are they
travel there they have an RV and we got
them a Polaroid camera and yeah all
right we are back at my mom's house and
we had so much fun at Linda's we had a
very intense gingerbread building
contest and I'm pretty sure I'm pretty
sure Brian and Beverly won although I
would say it was pretty much a tire -
and I'll have present here resin and
we're about to open them all very
similar in package yes yep you can open
it okay there you go oh he is the most
excited person pull pull
like like covered oh oh haha
everyone here has the has gifts
including all the dogs and Finley and
Mickey is Jimmy like that it was not
what I was
oh wow the only way I could get it open
look at
you got the camera wait I'll show yours
the other say you got Thursday Ryan our
names on them
yep okay so cool all right we're all
gonna change and oh they have shirts on
the dog tell me we're all gonna change
and we'll show you what they look like
this isn't gonna be good you're a monkey
and there you have it guys we're all
wearing on a matching pajamas so we have
long-sleeved shirts and we all have
bears on them with our name and we're
wearing these cool red white and black
plaid pants and on everyone's shirt the
bear does something different so on all
the guys they're all standing up and
then on all the girls they're sitting
and then on the kids they're sitting
with the little hat on oh yes so the
dogs are wearing shirts as well with
their names on them so karma says karma
he's got a bandana Kota you looking cute
leo from the front so fancy that's so
cute oh oh oh little Finley and pop by
me me and Cassie why do we do Cassie not
auntie I and that's what I think ah Dave
yes we are all dressed up and ready for
Christmas this is our Christmas uniform
we are required to wear it tomorrow
morning or else we don't get any
presents right it's outside oh yeah it's
si yeah we did just give you your
present oh yeah we probably go to mama
let's do this they're going to read a
night before Christmas boys
hi
we have no last name before Christmas
yes my boys here all right
we're gonna read okay twas the night
before Christmas and all through the
house not a creature was stirring not
even a mouse stockings were hung by the
chimney but why had they gotten wet
where they left their to dry Elsa was
sleeping all snug in her bed while
glittering Northern Lights danced
overhead and was snorted softly well
while I counted sheep settling myself
for a cozy night's sleep he gave me a
hug
such a wonderful gift then he rose up
the chimney I'll lightning and Swift and
I heard him call out as he flew out of
sight merry Christmas to all in to all a
good night
j√∂rgen put yourself back to you
