hi hi good morning maybe you wanna go
see Fred let's go see where he is and he
went to the North Pole last night to
tell Santa whether you were good or bad
yesterday and he came back and how he's
hit it so we had to find him okay okay
were you good good if you were good he
probably told Santa good things okay
okay he's like I hope only a couple more
days of Fred Holly I'm gonna hold you
only a couple more days of Fred and then
he's gotta go live the North Pole again
let's check by the Christmas tree do you
see him anywhere where is he
looks like it is hard ha this is hard
today I think there you go
think he's camouflaged he decorated
himself as a Christmas present only and
he wrote two days till Christmas love
Fred you can't open him now he's not a
real present Fred left this whole place
a mess you guys he's got wrapping paper
stuff everywhere
look at that you kind of just cleaned up
afterwards we got breakfast going I'm
baking some crispy crowns made some
bacon we got eggs and cheese and I'm
actually gonna be making some nice
breakfast burrito because I love bacon
and egg breakfast beer and then Missy is
making bangers
you're all that's for Olli probably what
are you gonna eat I'm gonna eat that
Apple
and what up choco milk and what else hey
you look so cute this morning buddy
yeah we're gonna go see Mimi and Papa
later right yeah we're headed over there
too we got a busy day dude
show me what we just built yeah it's a
shark isn't that so cool I yeah it goes
in the water so I just built the shark
it took me like 12 minutes and it was so
much fun and it basically reminded me of
why I love Legos so much it's really
cool because that moves like that these
side ones move as well and now you can
play it with it with your minions k
buddy hmm
oh yeah the Nana it came with this very
microscopic manner and not only pretends
to eat it I'm gonna feed the banana to
the shark there you go you need to wipe
your nose boy oh hey guys Missy just had
to run back to the house and get you cuz
he left you on the table yeah that was
vlogging fela bus it's really crazy out
right now so the traffic was insane oh
it was
yeah you're the car yeah we got the car
okay Missy so we got two plants for the
backyard these are gardenias so they're
gonna make little flowers that are super
smelly and they already have a bud on
them and it smells good and then we got
these pots do you like the pots okay
cool
we're just at Lowe's getting stuff for
me me and Papas backyard it's nearly
done we are filming the huge reveal on
Christmas Eve so you guys will actually
see it on Christmas for you before the
Christmas special so it should be cool
what do you see that's not a gun that's
a little rake it does not nice
all right let's get out of here we're
pretty much done bye get byali
is he staying on it is just me in bed
right now
and we just went and gotten our nails
done and we tag-teamed it with Finn here
I got my toes done while she was gonna
nails done so I could hold Finn and then
we swapped it it worked out pretty well
so now we're actually headed to Ulta and
we're gonna go get our hair done I'm
really excited we're actually just going
to like blow dry and just get it done
and know like color or anything we're
just I don't know I feel like it's fun
to get pampered everyone smile so that's
what we're doing but we have to walk
over there you're like sharing it
there's a walk over there there's a lot
of cars too all right we just finished
with our hair and fin actually did great
he slept the entire time up until right
at the end and he woke up and I was able
to change him and feed him and it is
great that hairs done how do you like it
love it she loves it gorgeous
yeah had fun yes we had a lot of fun we
got pampered and luckily fin was go
which is extra good but I also realized
yesterday I was telling you guys how I
had like these flu-like symptoms and
felt terrible and then today I woke up
in a Boober it's so bad and I think I
officially have mastitis and I'm so
bummed so I think I'm gonna have to go
get antibiotics cuz I can't let it get
out of hand and it hurts and I need to
get it to go away
so mastitis is just something that
happens sometimes in your breast feeding
and
I'm really bummed about it at least we
figured out that what it was yeah don't
have like well cuz I was like how does
UPS that couldn't be the more like I
didn't I really didn't want it to be my
meatloaf because yes this is that I
honestly don't want me love again
because I felt after like I was nauseous
whether it was from that or not when you
like feel nauseous from the food though
it's very like not gonna eat low for
another year but anyways I do I think I
am excited and I'm really excited about
it he does smile yeah drill bucket yeah
he's kind of leaking from his mouth
what's going on Holly chuckle sometimes
you have to deal with the consequences
of your actions Oliver didn't looking at
you he's like I you are you kidding me
right now
okay so Cassie just handed me all these
shoes that he kicked off next to her bed
where he slept oh what's going on there
that's funny
did did I put shoes on him today was
that you Ivy did you see if I do
not we did either no oh my god yeah I
know that's on like what what is Cassie
brought us the wrong one you know what
no all he took his shoes out today and
put them in there and then when I opened
it
those two were on top with his socks in
them so he was wearing those earlier
today too so who put shoes on him first
thing today that was you I put this one
on like what this is not going on
there's left or right so the same like
there's left and right but the
difference
where I'm good oh my gosh hashtag parent
life Holly what's on your head man yeah
yeah where did you get that a friend of
mine gave it to me for Christmas
oh I believe it's Oliver's now all right
so this is my current view right now I
am in the car with Missy and my sister
and Ollie and fan and I was supposed to
get gas before I before I got on the
freeway and I didn't and the car
literally stopped yeah just recall
someone maybe we should call someone as
we're gonna have probably waiting around
cuz it's Christmas it's almost Christmas
Eve oh yeah this is probably a pretty
big fail on my part stop making fun of
me you're embarrassing I'm sorry guys
Missy's dad to the rescue thank you Jim
all he says thanks Papa he's really
bored Merry Christmas Eve Eve Merry
Christmas Adam thanks dad
what oh my god not right here your hat
put your hat on papa and also get me out
of here how many days left till
Christmas
mmm tango 2 - 2 days until Christmas are
we so excited for Christmas dad is
coming
yeah that's coming to town huh it is 2
days left for Christmas and we're so
excited hey be careful kay happy gentle
as of today I didn't want to let you
guys know that we have raised a total of
$26,000 for the anchor Cambodia
fundraiser and that is a huge
accomplishment I want to give you guys
all a huge thank you so much we are half
way to our goal and that is honestly so
exciting that money is going to change
lives in Cambodia is huge it honestly is
the organization that we're raising it
for they want to help more kids they
want to help more women and we want to
be able to help them as well so we are
trying to rich reach $50,000 that is our
goal and I still really feel like we can
do it if you think about it guys we have
twenty four thousand dollars left to
raise that is less than a thousand
people donating just $25 if you could
donate $25 think of it as just one gift
that's a present that you would buy
someone and we only need like 960 people
to donate $25 which might seem like a
big number we but we have a lot of
viewers and I feel like we can do this
and $25 isn't just $25 you guys will
actually get an exclusive track to
Brian's upcoming
and you'll receive five entries into the
huge sweepstakes giveaway for dinner
with us in Florida go get tickets to
play this live you get to hang out and
we have a magical surprise as well while
you're there in Florida and it's all
expenses paid and so this is really
awesome this is just an incentive and a
way for us to say thank you back to you
so for every five dollars that you give
is one entry into the running twenty
five dollars gets you five fifty dollars
gets you ten so on and so forth I can't
do the math that quickly it's honestly
just a great way to incentivize for you
guys to be able to do something like
that so if you guys are able to or if
you feel called to help us out nine
hundred and sixty people is a lot it is
a big number but I feel like we can do
it whenever I remind you guys of that
thank you for reaching us our to half
way to our goal anyways guys I'm gonna
go ahead and end the vlog tomorrow's
Christmas Eve and we're so excited we
ever vacuumed jammies on Holly and this
is elves last night here so we're
excited to find him one last time in the
morning I hope he doesn't do anything
too crazy but thank you guys for
watching give this video a thumbs up if
you liked it say thumbs up why all right
babe you want to ride this isn't a ride
all right can see you say bye oh thank
you
Oh
and that's alright
