oh my goodness is that your diaper
you're holding okay hi I just woke ollie
up and he handed me his diaper so that's
awesome he's so confused Ollie you took
your diaper off there that's better huh
you got a diaper now hey ollie you want
to find Fred we got busy day that's mine
Fred come on come on all right we're
looking for Fred I heard some
pitter-patter down here last night and I
can't find my wallet anywhere so I
wonder where he is where do you think he
is what is he doing he's on my computer
oh good Fred oh it looks like fred is
making a donation to the Anchor Cambodia
fundraiser oh wow a very very generous
donation Thank You Fred by the way if
you guys want to get lots of cool
rewards for donating and we entered into
a huge sweepstakes to go to Florida have
dinner with us a bunch of other
youtubers have a bunch of magical fun
and playlist live and next year go to
the GoFundMe page and leave a donation
just like fred is doing
fred is being very generous he's gonna
help us set our goal all hai Kaun hai
come on come on Kara oh my goodness hi
okay I stopped hey oli guess who were
gonna go see
well ante might be there but we're gonna
go to Mimi's okay
Mimi and Papa yeah hey guys okay
today has been just a crazy hectic day
I have Ollie with me because Missy's not
feeling well at all
and so I took Ollie to give her a little
bit of a break I think she came down
with the flu she's got the chills and
she's very like hot and sweaty totally
running a fever - I actually had to go
to the mall to pick up something for
Christmas something very important so I
got that done yay and then Jeffrey just
text me and said hey you have an
appointment at 1:30 to get your ears
sized so I am running to meet me and
Papas I'm going to drop Ollie off so
that you need some lunch and then I'm
gonna go get my ears size and what this
for is for in-ear it's a for an in-ear
monitor for when I perform live I can
hear everything that I'm supposed to
hear like in my ears and it's like
custom hold it to that so that's what
we're doing
hey Ollie you wanna vlog okay I'm at a
red light I'm gonna see if all he wants
to vlog a little hey I like take the
camera don't hold the lens hold the
camera okay hold it all so people can
see your face there you go say hi how
tell them what we did today
man man we did something for Mom we got
a present a romantic and now what are we
gonna do um just that we're going to
Mimi's say say we're going to Mimi's
very nice and we're gonna eat Dino
nuggets okay there you go look at the
camera so you can see your face okay
I said name my trap baby poodle patty
hold it up high huh aDNA made all right
give it to Daddy
hmm thank you
that kid is too funny I love you ollie
okay guys I'm here with Jeffrey and
Andrew we're all getting our ears molded
today for the ultimate years the
alternator's the ultimate ears
experience it's going to apparently
Andrew is first and there's an ear for a
clock up here too so we're good oh my
gosh
that is genius you made that that's
amazing
Oh oh no here we go Thunder but it is so
everything a piece of cotton in the air
okay so it's act like a wall so I'm not
gonna go too far with the material they
are my pillow cold but when I say start
chewing you start you really big - okay
but -
she's bigger - yeah oh wow oh yes so
we're yes
yeah I get a little bit I can't hear
anything in this site yeah okay go ahead
it's art here to help what you a few
minutes a week it here use your own head
yeah oh yeah we're actually well yeah we
all play music and we're playing a show
with him Oh xx that's why we wanted to
get it done quick because yeah no time
he just released a new album okay cool
she's putting Cod in my ear right now so
that the stuff doesn't get in there and
just to let you know I did see the wall
a delight on the wall on the other side
this oh wait what no no no just a light
on them okay it's older with oli she
might find some Legos in there she'd
make it a joke like no brain in case you
didn't get that I got it okay oh oh hey
you good can you hear yeah I can totally
hear no that's still quite weird and
feel like I'm talking to myself
I've got gunk in my ear the things we do
for the music brah but doesn't it feel
like very quiet in your head like it's
just yeah just do just real serene in
the sense huh yes you it's good oh I was
kidding you can hear you
oh no that's not why that's wrong she
just pulled my now and it's disgusting
ha ha ha I woke up really sick like SH I
went to bed really sick
yeah you're home I went to bed really
sick and I sent the whole night with
like the shivers and fever and nauseous
and all that I kind of thought it was
the meatloaf we had last night but I
don't think it was I think I just might
have like the flu or some sort of
stomach bug
I'm like just not really feeling good so
I've been spending most of my time in
bed with Finn
we've just been nursing and sleeping and
hang out huh we just been resting all
day all I actually just got back he was
at Mimi's because Brian dropped him off
while they were say we're Christmas
shopping did he go Christmas shopping
hey Ted did you go did you get mama
present in the mid leg kick now what did
you get me yeah Oh shirt
sure Oh what else did you get me um
pancakes pancakes Oh a present present
hey yo mama wow this is kind of fun
he can like tell me what you guys went
shopping for daddy fish he's so cute
he's been so cute all day he like
FaceTime you girls at my mom's and look
cute
VI Cassie brought me a little bit of
lunch I'm just trying to get something
down because I don't oh good
hopefully this doesn't last long because
um it's Christmas
no I'm gonna play okay all right you
just pulled up a little fishing game got
your fishing pole note the yellow one
all red all right
okay now fishing
seven feet mama caught one
you got one it's just so cool I don't
think I ever played this game yeah you
can do it buddy
oh you lost it you got a real it in
quick buddy
you guys look who's here we have a
special guest for Christmas my sister
just got here oh yeah she's here
spending Christmas with us this year
oli is watching some paw patrol and he's
sitting on the potty so maybe that'll
keep him sitting on the potty for long
enough and he'll go poo poo yeah he's
really excited about it he really wants
a sucker how are you feeling babe I'm
feeling a lot better that's good - how
are you feeling
what kind of cookbook most love cookies
Oh which one is Missy's recipe it's the
one by Nestle toluse ha ha ha
this is cause literally just a cookbook
for cookies yeah it's really big those
look cool Mexican wedding cake cookies
the ones that are in the powdered sugar
oh the round ones absolute favorite yeah
all right delicious oh cool you can see
I've used the dress because there's
butter yeah buddy I'm sure Santa would
love an assortment of cookies made from
this book yeah this year Santa would be
all up in that how many more days till
Christmas say three no three
hey Betty look at him trying to do the
fingers got our advent calendar did you
pre open it a little bit for him yeah
now he's gonna see what's in it
Oh open it show me what it is buddy
it's so excited oh it's a snowflake ah
you know if you eat cornflakes Olaf
would eat snowflakes I read on the back
of a cornflake what if you like
cornflakes for breakfast what do you
think olofi eat snow please like why
this is ollie
getting ready for bed are you doing the
bedtime dance oh yeah I do the bedtime
dance
hey all you want to read Yeti you wanna
read dinos he is so in love with this
dinosaur book okay I'll open it we'll
read it okay okay so I'm reading this
book to ollie any always the same part
in the book it's got a pterodactyl going
squat or Roy doesn't get scared now he
was gay before Roy hey he would
seriously cower every time I read that
now I just roars back Roy you love you
buddy
alright that's all for today's blog
we're gonna read the dinosaur one more
time okay okay okay but we gotta end the
vlog can you help me what he's like
trying to hold my hand like lift my arm
up like he's helping me thank you guys
so much for watching today's vlog we had
a blast hope you did too you guys
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up yeah your ollie
say thumbs up maybe say comment Peggy
say subscribe dang we're so close to 1
million subscribers guys I cannot
believe it so be sure to subscribe share
us with your friends it'd be crazy if we
could hit it before
year of blogging starts January 26 we're
four start yeah mama
alright let's say goodbye Kay
and that's alright
