oh yeah so we have a very busy day today
me and all I got up and got ready extra
early but there is some weird sounds
going on down here do you hear that
giving its Fred just Fred do this time
what Fred she's not a train and he built
a a tunnel of presents oh my goodness
Katrine who's that Fred
and he's like good job Fred all right
moving on hey guys I can't believe he
put together an entire train track yeah
he's going under the presents huh he's
like I want to hold it you can't catch
it Olli it's a train I just found the
remote for it watch this oh you want to
hold it you got to bring the Bell watch
presses button and then do the whistle
so like I said earlier I have a very
strict schedule to stick to this morning
we have a lot of things to do today and
so I've written out everything we need
to do and I've given us a time limit for
every single thing and we don't even
have enough time for some things
including lunch but maybe we'll have
enough time we hurry then we'll like be
able to like squeeze in lunch somewhere
so we just really have to stay on
schedule otherwise we're gonna be like
late to something or hey Ollie I can
hear I know you wanna go see pay and
live somebody saying yeah he's been
saying all morning too we just have to
stick to the schedule otherwise we will
either forget to do something or we
won't be able to make it to a certain
appointment or something and everything
is really important today first step we
are going to my eye doctor appointment
to and check my eyes and make sure
everything is good to go hopefully
doesn't take that long I've given myself
45 minutes if we can do it in 15 to 30
extra minutes
alright so Missy just got out of her eye
appointment how did it go he said I was
one of their best P arcade patients and
my eyes look perfect are clear and my
vision is better than perfect 2015 now
she has 2015 vision you guys like 2020
is perfect I have 20/20 Missy has better
eyesight than me now so I think we
basically decided that I have to get
LASIK and I do want to say a lot of
people are like LASIK was horrible that
was painful
I didn't get LASIK yeah I got here a
show and I went through a lot of pain
if you're interested in LASIK it's very
painless and very awesome my dad did it
and it was amazing yeah I got here cake
that's amazing that she has better
eyesight than me now you guys that
lady's wearing Chewbacca all right we
are now in Barnes & Noble as we are
grabbing the boys some books it's
actually really important to read to
your newborn and we have no book person
right now you kind of failed yeah so
we're gonna grab a couple books for him
and cover for ollie ollie you want a
Dinobot
oh you might dinosaurs book and look
over here
oh look what they have who's that it's
Fred
yeah they say it's super important to
read to your newborn even though they
don't understand or really know what
you're reading it's just good to start
so we got it just a couple of really fun
books since he doesn't really know
what's what we're reading we just got a
couple fun books that will also be fun
for ollie so to point out all the
different objects and like numbers and
shapes and words and stuff like that
we're gonna make you a reading machine
okay buddy he's gonna like books earlier
than all
for candy what's this kid doing his ease
what's that big money with that was that
we found a dinosaur book
look at that okay the moment watch out
for flying pair duck dolls you never
know when one will sneak up on you
okay so both of the boys are sleeping
taking naps in the back so Missy and I
are on a little lunch break lunch date
okay how you doing some nice pot in the
shade
yeah frosty your chicken sandwiches
hashtag parent live live is helping
Missy wrap some presents and I'm trying
to make them really perfect I have a
slight anxiety about it hey babe hey
babe
aren't you supposed to be folding
presents holding okay okay
this kid is fast asleep and we got
Jefferson here oh look what I just made
us you guys a feast a feast we've got
gravy
we've got taters we've got green beans
and then the meatloaf oh yeah talk about
meatloaf
I know I was like I'm gonna make a
meatloaf it's gonna be - you're all yes
we know we love you you that's a real
gun
boys dude like he turns everything into
a gun flag yes that meatloaf I gotta say
bro it looks mighty good I hope it's
good all right let's eat we're gonna eat
Kay put your gun away no guns at the
table meatloaf is in our bellies and
Missy is even eating it
oh good you like it it's pretty dang
good huh easy yes okay I am very
surprised I made this a couple times and
it's nothing like this and I honestly
just used the McCormick's pocket and
follow the recipe to the T I'm gonna get
more but yeah that was pretty dang good
I'm very happy with that look what all
he's doing you guys
I sing happy birthday do I blow out the
candles boys are gross huh you you do
baby Jesus oli you know about baby Jesus
right yeah yeah I can workers are gross
it's Tempe yes I'm sorry boys are gross
skeino thirds Alli no third to pay when
two-year-olds plays catch the cutest
thing ever
okay throw it to Ally okay throw it to
pay here isn't so silly
throw it to ollie so entertaining huh
there's an ollie under here hi this is
his new thing you guys he gets out of
the shower and then lays on the ground
under the towel to dry off you think
he's all just all cozy and warm so
you're supposed him
are you in there is there golly in there
hey buddy would you guys look at this
kid he's got dinosaur pajamas on he's
reading a dinosaur book and what's in
your lap right there what's this -
another dinosaur I think you are a
hashtag obsessed so as you guys know we
did a very successful trip to Barnes and
Nobles today and now Missy and I are
sitting here and we're going to read to
Ollie and also to little Finn yes we're
excited we actually got really I think
these are some cool books because
they're about words shapes and colors
and really important to read especially
to newborns every single day because
their brains are just like developing
and stuff and so I think this will be
fun to kind of start out his very first
library
and making a reader for life making a
reader because I I can't believe like
this kid
take him a long time to really adapt to
books and now he loves it and I think
it's all about just keeping with it you
know studying every day I actually just
read that if you read to your baby every
single day they actually develop a
better vocabulary and they end up being
better in school so yeah I just
all-around really important and I love
that he loves books to read your brother
a book nobody we can read him all about
the different words and fishes and
trucks the dog and what's that Apple
Apple sure he knew what that take a cat
and what's that oh that's a cool boat
almost looks like a robot it's like
popping out huh yeah all right I'm teddy
bear teddy yeah that was really good oli
you read the whole book whoa I was just
reading on first five California calm
that 80% of a child's brain is fully
developed by the age of three and by the
age of five 90% of their brain is
developed it's not not so literally
these are like their golden years right
now learning it's really cool because
we've actually been able to partner with
first five California to spread this
message because it's super super
important for families parents
caregivers to know about that and if you
guys don't know what first five
California is it's basically like the
place to go for everything involving
children ages zero to five they also
fund a ton of educational programs that
teach about the importance of a child's
first five years you guys may have heard
about their new campaign talk read
seeing it changes everything those three
things are all it takes to shape our
child's lives for the better so it's
basically up to us to read these kids
sing to them talk to them make sure
they're growing up to be bright smart
cute little pumpkins yeah like you mr.
Pumpkinhead nine you guys can learn more
all about it on their website first five
California comm I'll have it linked
below they have lots of cool activities
and resources about children's books
that you can read it's definitely just a
really cool site if you're a parent so
I'll put a link below in the description
so you can check it out and
I think I'll count to three so you can
we'll go toes with me ready one two
three wiggle your toes okay look at your
toes wiggle your toes fin give this you
guys this is always bookshelf it's
completely full and we started
accumulating more books down here even
that we don't have room for I think
that's awesome he's got quite the
library I had to find a new place for
him babe or get more of these things
whole rooms be covered in books I know
but anyway I think we're gonna go in to
end today's vlog we had a blast hope you
guys did too Holly can you say click
thumbs up thumbs up say subscribe then
leave a comment hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog thanks for watching we'll
see a manana hey Ollie can you say bye
Oh
and that's alright
