oh that's a dinosaur huh whoa you kind
of just attacked the camera there well
good morning oli what are you doing
you're looking for dinos were you
playing with Sven oh just walked out of
our room and he was sitting right by the
tree that's funny did you put your
dinosaur in my bag there yes bring them
up here bring him over here come on
oh that's a dinosaur huh whoa you kind
of just attacked the camera there oh
yeah you say good morning my name is Ali
guess who we have to look for this
morning yeah sad Fred we got to see what
your album shelf is doing okay I don't
think we have to go too far to find him
yep there he is he is having a winter
wonderland isn't he yeah it looks like
Fred is hanging on our little sill there
covered in snow he's covered in snow
buddy watch this only covered it snow
now you're covered in snow we're off to
breakfast were starving
man Tim ma Papa uncle or meeting at this
place I've been craving it lately
because they make fresh orange juice and
I'm really particular about where choice
yes I can I can pretty much say I don't
like orange juice unless it is literally
fresh-squeezed and I can taste the
difference and this was so good so I've
been creamiest so I was wanting to go
back there looks like everyone we got
orange juice for me not some seeds yeah
seeds in here tell you no it's good
it is very fresh you can see the pulpit
and that's cute yeah yeah spot the
dinosaurs yep he had to bring our loan
spot with him to breakfast spot wrinkle
juice
guess what Dad the final two days of us
with our glasses do we look okay I am
wearing black and I've been wearing them
since I was like what we're done as a
Monday we just ate breakfast and now we
are headed into Toys R Us and we're
going to be doing something really cool
the other day at the mall they have
these little cards and on each card it
has a kid's name how old they are and
then what they want for Christmas so
Missy and I were like you know what we
want to we want to help these kids out
and get what they want for Christmas
because it's fun playing Santa right
kind of strategic because you can kind
of pick out what you want and I grabbed
a lot of things that are like kind of
younger kids and things that we'd
probably like would have bought Ollie's
now we're heading towards arrests we got
the kids we got kasia's reinforcements
and we're gonna go shop for some toys
kay yeah you got your dinosaur rawr
doing a nice little shopping spree today
I love Legos you guys I cannot wait
until always open up to play and build
with Legos oh so much fun that's why I
love buying stuff like this for kids you
know fun to pick it out like what really
enjoying the most yeah here's a car
these are cars I think that's cool
that's cool with the Joker and Batman
uh-oh we're headed to the Toy Story
section look at babe the real bullseye
with the plastic saddle and the space
alien these are all brand-new because
it's the 20th anniversary yeah aliens
look at this this three-year-old boy
wants a big toy truck basically all
these aged what would you get all if he
asked for a big toy truck going with a
Tonka dune squad
okay we just left Toys R Us and that was
so much fun getting to pick out toys for
each little kid especially just kind of
getting seeing their age and our name
kind of gives you like a little bit of
an idea of like what type of toy you
want to get them and it was just really
fun to kind of like think of it as like
if it was your kid what would you want
to get them especially during the
Christmas time it's really important to
do stuff like this just to give back I
mean we obviously buy toys for ollie and
it's cool that he gets to do stuff like
that but other kids don't have that and
got Christmas is important because we
give gifts on Christmas because we love
the people we give gifts to you know so
it's kind of a good way to just tell
someone who doesn't know you or you know
that they are loved yeah that's really
important there for kids who are you
know just like in really unfortunate
situations aren't in foster homes and
group homes you know who grew up without
parents who were raised by other family
members stuff like that so yeah it's
definitely cool to write up their
holiday a little bit yeah for sure
alright we just dropped off the first
load of toys the car was pretty much
packed to the brim so these are all the
ones that we have left so we get to go
back to Toys R Us and do it all again
some of the kids in these ones are like
one month six months old learning to
walk so they need toys to help them like
learn to walk and we were talking to the
lady and she said a lot of times they
actually get kids straight from the
hospital which is so sad alright you
guys we are running out of room we have
this down to a science though cassie is
in charge of taping all the cars onto
the toys Missy's in charge of navigating
us to the right toy section and I'm in
charge of picking out the biggest
baddest toy I could get okay so one of
the cards was for a 12 year old boy
named Richard he wanted Star Wars Legos
and I gotta say I think Chris Parrillo
would definitely approve Millennium
Falcon baby I'm like Cassie and I are
like drooling over this or like I want
to put it together it looks so cool but
I think we're all done for right now and
we're gonna head out we have some other
fun things to do today okay this is how
we're doing this right now second trip
miss Cassie had the bright idea of using
the stroller and wearing thin
yeah that's incredible babe are we crazy
a little bit sometimes you have to be a
little bit crazy hi guys we are at the
church now and we are actually checking
out their little festival they've got
going on it'll take you and I have ever
seen yeah gentlemen let nothing you
dismay remember
gone astray
come but
you
you
mady's about to go out there and we
aren't here we're going to show our
support if you hear someone screaming at
the teller lungs it's probably always I
apologize
Maddie don't trip or do trip it'd be
funny angel came and I'm too sad and
Ben
Oh
to
enjoy
I'm going to come
hey oli where at home what's the first
thing you want to do kidding you get the
candy
there is 20 days until Christmas ladies
and gentlemen so we are searching for
the ball with the number 20 on it can
you help me find the ball Olly see what
which one should we open the one with 20
on it
that's five this one is 18 12 113 you
found it
candy let me help
okay I'll just do it a little bit can
you let you out what would that be my
candy yeah me up ahead yeah candy there
you go can I open it and then they'll be
candy open it oh please God put gasp
candy pulled out a hard one huh good
that time oh yeah stuck in there
can you get me a peppermint chocolate
like to the chocolate it's like a
present
let me see oh it's shaped like a present
today how is it it's chocolate okay give
your mom a bite hey good give me a bite
it's gone can I have a bite please no
it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay
eat it it's fine I don't need a bite of
the advent calendar chocolate oh wow
these are the littlest bike the whole
oh my gosh kid come here come here I
love you have a kiss mmm chocolatey kiss
all right you guys that is all for
today's vlog vlog me and this little
dude are gonna end it together
okay can you help me in the vlog that
means yes you guys wondering what song
is playing right now that is actually my
song that you can get on iTunes right
now with the link down below in the
description that I wrote for Finley it's
a song I wrote for Finley he loves it
usually he just is probably pooping
right now also want to let you guys know
that we are so close to hitting $10,000
on our Cambodia fundraiser please go
check out the link below in the
description and donate if you feel led
to donate we really need your help our
goal is to hit fifty thousand dollars
for the month of December and it would
be amazing change people's lives bring
hope back to Cambodia so please go check
that out as well
if you guys enjoy today's video be sure
to give it a thumbs up and subscribe
leave a comment Ollie can you say bye
come over here and do your bye he likes
to do this by at the end of every block
premiere okay say bye
they don't know how our break days in
this little heart
it seems good in everybody and all I can
