good morning ollie hey Ollie who we
gonna look for yes let's go see where
Fred your elf is what is that on the
ground that's weird it looks like a
trail let's follow it
come on let's follow it follow over here
so weird yeah let's keep following it I
think there's a trail come here follow
all the way along the couch and then it
goes up there what's up there
there is huh yeah what's he doing up
there
it looks like last night he decorated
our little reindeer and that cool brush
like pies oh he flew up there like Buzz
say hi friends he's like woody cuz he
wear that alright I think Fred wants you
to clean up all this mess now okay clean
up clean up everybody everywhere good
morning guys
hey good morning okay empty a keep bang
and she went bye-bye yes she was here
earlier I am just trying to get ready
I've got both the boys today and brian
is off to LA let's get you in some
clothes you're not just in your diaper
cake what you want your horse oh yeah
you have that little horse that we got
on the other day I was trying to get
ready I've got
Phin actually taking a nap now and it
was just it's kind of hectic so I'm
going to put them both down so I got fit
down first now I'm going to put all
eight down and then I'm gonna get ready
and hopefully we can have a fun day okay
hey mister get down oh good I all get
your horse in a minute Kay can you go
sit down on your bed go sit down in your
bed go go go go go
hey guys today I am doing something
really cool I'm actually going to be
doing a collab with Peter Hollens if you
guys don't know who Peter is go check
him out he has a channel here on YouTube
a music channel and he does really cool
like acapella covers super talented
super awesome guy we've been talking for
the past couple weeks and we decided on
a really cool song that we can do
together but Peter actually doesn't live
here in California but I just drove to a
studio here in LA to record my parts of
the song so they can send it to him and
then I'm not sure what we're gonna do
for filming we might meet up with each
other you might come here I might go
there but I'm pretty excited it's the
song that we're doing is like a Disney
classic and it's one of my all-time
favorite disney songs so the other
really cool thing is the studio that I'm
about to go in right now is the same
studio that pentatonix records in what
that's crazy I was just watching them
last night in New York City at the
Christmas tree lighting they perform and
now I'm at their studio about to record
a song for Peter Hollens pretty cool
stuff have a good nap kay I love you
yeah you w okay night-night feetsies guy
down for a little nap as well obviously
he's not sleeping as soundly as I was
hoping so he'll probably be awake any
second aitt get dark in your bed right
now I'm going right now well it looks
like Finn sleeping was just not gonna
happen huh you just want to hang out
with Mama huh always taking a good nap
but I'm holding Finn and I was able to
get a little makeup on and kind of put
my hair in a bun I'm actually gonna go
ahead and do a little Christmas shopping
online which I never do Christmas
shopping online number one I think I've
always just like thought it was like
cheating like supposed to go out and go
shopping
and - I've just never been good at
shopping online anyways like I just I
just never buy things online but the
last couple months I've been doing it
more and I was like I'm gonna have to do
some Christmas shopping online this year
and so I think I'm gonna go for it got a
few ideas of some things I want to get
Brian and the family members so and
maybe I'll look around even for like all
eggs I'm still not sure what I want to
get Ollie for Christmas
um hey you're kind of in my face dude
hey hi hi
well this is karma he wants to say hi
thank you you want to shop with me shop
for daddy and me me and Peppa kids do it
oh all right you guys here we are at
Bram house this is Ben Bram and we are
at the studio we're doing a really cool
song for Peter Hollens it's like a
Disney classic and it's one of those
songs when you hear on Disney radio well
at least for when Missy and I hear on
Disney radio we just like rock out and
like turn it up in the car because it's
just a really cool song so I am right
now doing some lead vocals now and for I
did that wrong it's not here yet and
you'll be in my heart yes you'll be in
my heart from this day on now and
forever more don't listen to them cuz
what do they know we need each other to
have two old they'll see in time no
we're supposed to be getting ready to go
hang out with me me and Auntie go do
something but he just wants to cuddle
huh okay you want chocolate
you also like some chocolate no garbage
look at these platinum records just
sitting over here on a wall how dare you
Ben you need to hang these up man this
is insanely cool so this is pentatonix
that's Christmas to me
this so you produce this yes it has
honestly my all-time favorite
my song which is mary did you know oh
yeah their arrangement everything is
like it's my all-time favorite the new
one with strings no I have it we did a
new version for the deluxe version of it
oh really
and we added strings summer did you know
it's pretty awesome oh that's cool and
then look at this you guys pitch perfect
so did you work with all the ladies on
pitch perfect I did yeah I did it's Anna
Kendrick as small in percentage petites
yes you know she's like a hardcore movie
buff yeah she like loves old films and
stuff that's awesome yeah she's really
cool yeah very cool dude
he just got platinum records sitting
here on the floor I'm like dang goes up
bro but he just kind of put all this
together like son looks good man thanks
and it smells like a fresh studio new
yeah
but we just wrapped on this song
obviously you guys know it's you'll be
in my heart
hopefully I'm allowed to tell you that
I'll ask him to make sure but it went
cool
thanks for coming brah thank you hey
guys we are headed into putt Mart where
the pets go left at co-ed pets go
we're in Finn he's being a happy boy you
happy boy yeah and we're good to see
kitty cats oh look at those kitties
right there you can know one right in
front of you honey
oh no them he's so cute and a pretty end
up in the grass
okay mcbaggy hey penny cut him right
there and like a bunny is amazing
yeah what can you go oh so realistic
there's some over here too look at all
those ones aren't they pretty
buddy yeah buddy weed we cooked up all
the way you helped an auntie okay you
got it
someone else hold it hey Ali you're
gonna pick a toy out for karma kay
okay - Duncan good one maybe not those
ones lame those requires too much work
Hey look there's all kinds of toys on
this nice one a lot of toys yeah he's
like well which one do I want
we get that for karma you guys can tug
on it together sound good
all right let's go buy it hold onto it
oh you guys they still rapid chinos here
this is a Hopkin spice latte a caramel a
patina a cinema Dolce latte and a pepper
mutt
mocha so cool just got home and I did a
little bit of a quick shopping spree at
Target to grab a few things but Ollie is
super excited to give karma his toy did
it get it get it comes like every guy is
looking for the squeaker Oh Oh where's
the speaker
I have the boys all set in their jammies
this is the same exact one I have on
right now
button it up and then turn around show
me your bottom show me your bottom
this you're out of got a little bear
cheeks huh and I got the same thing okay
yes
but anyways is that time a night we are
gonna open up one of the kiddies are you
excited and a lot of people informed us
that we're supposed to be counting down
I told em I widen okay I'm gonna get it
I don't know why I thought we're closed
account from one up so we did change it
around and now there are 22 days until
Christmas and it just so happened to
pull this one right here I didn't even
know it was here 22 are you gonna open
it okay okay
open it got it you got it candy here we
open it okay
look at the candy it's a little
chocolate okay
is it good yay 22 days till Christmas
I'm home
and I think I only sell up which is
amazing because I want to see him hello
did you miss me what's up all come here
come give me a hug Oh missed you today
me yeah mama read in your book a team ma
okay okay hey you still up you guys
reading the Elf on a shelf book yeah
how's it going he's good night mmm hi
bunny
oh I missed you I missed this little guy
all day
it was a bright good cue you love him
love him so much oh it's such a busy day
thing gonna call it a vlog though that's
vlog if you enjoyed it be sure to get
rid of thumbs up subscribe comment go
check out our donation page link down
below description we're trying to raise
$50,000 this year
and we need your help thanks so much for
watching guys see manana okay my you're
so thank you - no time
there is low rising you there is the
rising you
and it takes a great place to pay where
we are slanted rings
