the corneas I guess are really thin
she's yeah and I was like wait do you
know the answer like can I get LASIK or
not just like yeah I know I was like can
you tell me she's like no cuz you're not
our patient I was like are you serious
like yeah like come on waiting good
morning can I kiss mmm-morning hug
that'll work what could go find Fred hey
should we go find Fred yeah huh you
think he's on the horse
Mickey Mouse all right let's get you
just for the day and let's go find Fred
sound good yeah yeah you know okay
let's go get Fred we're all dressed for
the day cookie Fred hurry he's waiting
for you ah oh you see all the new stuff
we put up you put snow up here yeah we
made it very wintry what what's over
here and Fred if you wanted minions oh
my gosh he had a party last night and
he's watching minions right now isn't
that so funny he's like I'm so confused
he is on he's so confused as to how they
all got up here
what is Fred doing at night huh yeah
table you sit on the car oh I guess he
thinks that's a good chair
we are making breakfast this morning we
have an early morning and a kind of a
busy morning so I decided to get up make
some breakfast for everyone
did you see Fred yeah Fred's watching uh
minions how are you Finn he slept so
good he went to bed officially at 11:00
p.m. and he didn't wake up till 5:00
a.m. that's pretty cool
that is pretty awesome I got some sleep
last night I guess that's why I'm
feeling energetic and willing to make
breakfast right all right are at my mom
and dad's right now and they are getting
ready to lay the cart concrete well
they've done like half of it they're
still working on it yeah so it's like
it's got the border all around there and
then over here they've started yeah it
was so good I'm so excited
makes it seem like so much bigger I know
stunning the patio out this way
and then starting the bike path all
around there it looks so cool that's
crazy
fun to actually get to see it like come
alive like I've been thinking and
planning for months is like actually
happening if you guys see these little
rounded parts to here this one's all
filled in but right there there's
actually going to be a lamppost we got
some really cool solar-powered like
street lamp posts just bring a little
light out here along the oh yeah it's
gonna pick a fruit so it's really cool
yeah your dad got a deal so we got fruit
trees are all gonna go along that fence
too and then play area right here which
is on its way
and then all this is gonna be filled in
and we decided to go with sod right or
not sod turf yeah we're gonna do turf a
nice soft turf that they don't worry
about watering cuz there's a water in
Shane in California but also it's
comfortable to play on yeah
expensive to water oh yeah yeah yeah you
know even wearing those altergott I am
now off to another I appointment I
didn't actually give you guys an update
yesterday on my LASIK appointment but it
didn't go as good as I was expecting
they did a test to test the thinness or
thickness of my cornea which I thought
they were supposed to do when I went in
for my actual consultation to see if I
was eligible and everything but they
didn't and so I went to my appointment
today thinking oh everything's going to
be good and she basically came back and
said your corneas are very very thin
they are borderline I have to go to this
other office and do another type of test
and basically what it depends on is
where my stigmatism lies it will
determine whether or not I can actually
have this surgery and I am so nervous I
was like really really devastated
yesterday like kind of just Scott I just
got my hopes up I guess like when I went
in the first time I was like what was
it's a notice know if it's the SES and
they gave me a yes and so I was like oh
my gosh I'm actually doing it like I'm
actually going to get this surgery and
now I I don't know if I'm getting this
surgery I'm really no know by the end of
today yeah we'll know today but I'm
really scared I've really hoped that
they say yeah I just finished at my
appointment I have the results here is
20i she's like are you testing for LASIK
and I said yeah the corneas I guess are
really thin she's yeah and I was like
wait do you know the answer like can I
get LASIK or not just like yeah I know I
was like can you tell me she's like no
because you're not our patient I was
like are you serious look like yeah like
come on
and he's like no I can't so I'm taking
it right now hopefully I get results
pretty quickly we really want to do the
boys handprints and like maybe feet
prints in the concrete out there of
course all I just fell asleep because we
were driving here and he fell asleep on
the way and it's like time right now I
do the handprint so I'm gonna see if I
can get Ollie up to do the handprints
this is it this is only how you can do
it and then it once it's dry as dry you
can't do it up to that check it out
it is looking awesome alright we're
going to put his feet into the concrete
and you think this will be easier than
its hands and see I don't even know how
wet it is you do it oh wait is it even
hard enough
oh man mess that up
oh how about oh yeah I was trying to
stay in a position to press the toes and
you can dice it yeah there you go
good alright now we're gonna go get
ollie we're gonna do his handprints that
was hard enough but with the feet so
hopefully we did fin instead of Finley
so we'll do all in the next one I'm
excited
alright buddy you just gotta maybe we
can keep my sleeve and just do with
Hanbridge vacuum is perfect love you too
the way better these days leave alright
always thought you enjoyed it ok ready
ready here we go
hands down nice and good ready and up oh
good do your line is so fast ok let's do
the other hand really click the other
one real quick ready wait let me help me
help 3 hit on the other near and this
was close I don't like the bed cute ok
looks like he's doing this yeah he's
like what in the heck he fell in the
middle of doing handprint oh honey
I'm messing up our beautiful conquering
smoothes it out perfect
awesome brian has been working all days
just been doing phone calls and meetings
and stuff like that and so we've just
been hanging out at my mom's sin has
just been sleeping and hanging out huh
and always over there watching TV but
we're actually watching the news right
now because there was a shooting that
happened about 30 minutes from us right
30 minutes 30 to 40 minutes um really
scary situation I think right now they
say 14 people have died and think 17
injured and there were three suspects so
yeah we just been watching the news just
kind of following what's happening
they're trying to locate the last person
stuff so she's kind of scary Scituate
scary stuff going on and making us
dinner did you make those vais from
scratch I did pork and meatballs with
stuffed mozzarella I slaved over them
all day today while you were gone wow
this is what you're doing when you're
writing yeah I pulled these out of text
I literally had business calls from 12
to like 20 minutes ago oh I know like
six hours of like straight phone
meetings yeah so I've been very busy
today I finally got my results oh you
did and well after a long time of
waiting and checky yes make sure his yes
what are the results they said that I
can they know I'm so happy for you
I'm never really upset so scared I've
been waiting for them all day and they
finally called me she's like alright
ghosts tricksters they just walk sighted
and pull the rug out from under you yeah
but you said that they were honestly
just wanting to double-check and make
sure that I am one
I never spent safe to do the surgery hey
what are you doing my name is bunny
last night I punched the first time well
with this privacy and I come to total of
like almost five ounces just trying to
enrich the bottle make sure that we're
not you know giving ourselves only me as
an option to beat him so Brian's gonna
give him the bottle for the first time
yeah I'm excited all right you want to
eat buddy
I gave him exactly two ounces yeah so
risky Oh looks like coming out really
fast
oh hey what's that that's weird huh oh
yeah oh that's really weird oh he's like
this is interesting yeah
you need the whole bottle it's really
cool if you drink the whole bottle
I'm gonna be like what the heck you want
to try feeding brother it's okay just
hold it there help you okay you know
Charlie then hold it for us oh the drama
with this one right now all right go
play he drink that whole bottle we still
have a little bit left but I'm just
gonna let him nurse now but dang all
right dude guess what time it is yeah
you're gonna put on your Santa Claus
jammies that time of night we are
getting ready for bed and we're gonna go
to sleep and then in the morning we have
to find Fred so if you guys don't know
we are actually running a fundraiser
this month which we're really excited
about it's called anchor Cambodia it's
something that's really passionate to us
and we're excited about it and we have
so far raised I think I think it was
like 4,500 last time I looked at it so
let's set a goal and see if by the end
of today we can get it to 6,000 that
would be so awesome you guys have been
doting like awesome and we're so excited
to be able to help out Cambodia but if
you guys are wondering what song is
playing right now that is actually
Bryan's new songs called hope rising and
it's actually available for you to hear
if you donate just $25 and you guys can
listen to it so there's a link down
below you guys can donate and then you
can listen to his song which is actually
a really special song and it's really
it's a beautiful song it's really pretty
if anything is you guys are just you
know feel the need or want to give just
give and you know we have some really
awesome incentives to give back to you
guys for being so kind to donate
spotting me I'm gonna go ahead and the
ball give it to you a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it Ollie where are you I need
your thumbs Joey your thumbs up yeah
under the bed thumbs up baby tomorrow
rising
take my hand
he got me when
need me will day
in your sweetness no feel
and who is right
