the world is yours if you believe you're
not
might be scared
oh oh here's snow on the ground doggy
are you guys and it's coming down pretty
hard and I am so excited came out here a
minute ago
and he hurt crickets finger and he just
took a like like maybe we could actually
go sledding
hey so go out here let's get inside
check out this he's got little Fred
booties on yeah this Fred this snowing
all I just ran in here you found Fred he
made a mess this morning what didn't I
know he ate all these yeah those
wrappers is this so it's amazing a great
that is pretty awesome
looks like you use all this talent up
though cuz this one kind of stuff train
yeah hey hey yeah
fred was busy decorating houses last
night oh I still can't believe Fred
actually came up here and he might he
must really love you ollie oh he's like
I'm gonna need some candy Ollie we need
to eat breakfast first kay nope that's
it we're gonna eat breakfast kay
looks like my little peanut is all awake
for the day hey buddy we're getting some
cuddles in this morning it is still
coming down off there you guys is crazy
it's snowing at I'm I think we're gonna
try and see if we can go to some fun
with the boys and snow this little boy
did so good last night you slept most of
the night didn't you
if you did hi hi we are now driving in
the snow I don't know if you guys can
really see how hard it's coming down
right now Josh it's like huge flurries
yeah I say we do not have a good track
record for driving in the snow no we
actually moved away from Idaho because
every single year we ended up in a ditch
because of the snow yes we always just
like fun out and stuff
yes Ellie super excited oh it's so
pretty you guys like this is all I
wanted to is like to see the snow and to
like watch it come down I mean it is
really seriously coming down no no Holly
found some toys behind the counter and
now he is playing with them
he just got done eating breakfast with
my mom and sister and now she's getting
some thin cuddles and weight
yeah right away did you ask if you could
use those no ok bye bye ollie okay okay
hey ollie you gonna take a nap there
come on check out what we just found
we're getting sleds we're getting sleds
and this thing what is it like a snow
bike it's a snow bike you can like
skiers coming has a brake the brakes oh
it's uh great okay stop it
press on the brake Ollie yeah it comes
down I actually can do it Brian oh my
god this is so cool oh my gosh look at
the sled we just found minions LED look
Holly them yeah see over I think it is
rolled his eyes at Brian like oh my gosh
dad it's the only way we could control
Ollie in the store I think he's grabbing
everything and like running from us and
being crazy yeah he does it's working
because we what just walked over here
from breakfast instead of grabbing the
stroller we just walked over and so he's
been running around like crazy
this works Brian and it puts Brian to
work so that's good
yeah but you don't need to go to the
snow we can just a finale yeah so right
now we are actually at Simplot Hill and
what this is is the simple match mansion
sits atop the hill and the Simplot
family actually lets people use like
their yard and hill area to sled so it's
a super popular sledding place so we
have the kids in the car sleep being
we've seen are going to test out this
whole sledding thing we got the minion
one we got this big red one we're gonna
go up there and then come down it on
those sets of sluttiness guys case
you're wondering sister have you ever
been here you wanna go sledding are you
sure
you see that did you see that on the
slide
Oh
coming this big
so I was so fun you guys this is really
really cool
Missy went to go get Olly we're gonna
see him he'll participate
with that so funny
that is a good-looking snowman a
good-looking Olaf there's that Olaf yeah
Oh
oh he was a little scared yeah alright
we are now back but we had a blast
sledding on Simplot Hill
this guy is getting some chilling and
relaxing done hi buddy
he's just laying here in this rock and
play just enjoying the world and got mom
and oli playing with some play-doh you
making mac and cheese you make a minyan
mac and cheese with the play-doh oh wow
that looks yummy yeah it's a ball okay
and ready you go woah mcenany's my
sister is brewing some hot water we're
gonna make some hot chocolate after
being out there in the freezing cold by
the way yes you guys there's a cemetery
right outside where we're saying so
that's kind of creepy
hey Ollie Ollie ollie
my sister's leaving can you say bye bye
join us a pup
say bye bye to Ricky okay likes don't
leave me what'd you put down there oh
you just keep putting your ball in that
little hole that connects with the
basement yep that's what he keeps doing
alright guys we just said goodbye to my
sister because we're not gonna see her
in the morning we're actually leaving
super early in the morning but it's cool
because she's actually gonna be over at
our house in a couple of days cuz we're
going to be studying the week of
Christmas with her at our place which is
actually pretty cool but her and Ricky
had so much fun playing with all in
Finley the past couple days been really
cool we did a really great night we
actually went out to dinner with a
couple old friends of mine and Jared and
Rochelle who helped me write some of the
songs on the like lion EP and Jared
actually produced a ton of it and he's
something I he's someone I work with
really closely when I work on music and
honestly if it wasn't for him I would
not be doing music like the way I am
doing
so I'm just super thankful for him I was
really cool to get to chat with him and
hang out with him stuff and I think he's
going to be coming in January for the EP
release party too so that's really cool
anyway I'm going to go ahead and wrap up
the vlog that's a good reminder that if
you guys did not pre-order my EP you can
get it now on iTunes pre-order it when
you do it on iTunes you get a special
price of 399 during the pre-order and
you also get the first shrek instantly
and the music video for that first track
will be released on Saturday on
youtube.com slash Bryan Lanning saw the
link down below make sure you are
subscribed to guys as well I am very
naked
Mali's finally control in I love you
ollie
oh I love you too anyway if you guys
enjoyed today's fall give it a thumbs up
and we will see you manana Ollie Ollie
can you say bye for me no say bye hmmm
look it's Tom
yes throw this one Oh
