we're gonna film something okay so I got
you a smile hey guys before today's vlog
starts we wanted to talk to you about
something really important and that is
the anchor Cambodia fund that we will be
doing all December long if you guys
remember last year we actually did a
fundraiser all through the month of
December we raised over 23,000 dollars
and it was an amazing effort and this
year we want to do it all again except
we want to double that amount so we need
your help check out the link in the
description and it'll send you to our
GoFundMe account where we have a special
video up where you can hear all about
the fundraiser this month and we have
some really exciting prizes yeah we have
some really really cool incentives this
year for you guys to give one of them
being an exclusive download link to one
of the songs off my upcoming EP it's a
really really special song and I'm gonna
be giving it to you guys early ahead of
time when you give another War that we
have is a signed thank-you card and
we'll also be doing an exclusive design
t-shirt something really really cool and
we're also bringing back the Skype calls
oh yeah really special because we get to
talk to you guys when you guys donate
and personally thank you guys face to
face it's a really cool experience so go
check out the link down below in the
description to see how you can win one
of these prizes and help change a life
in Cambodia
whoo we are jumping on the bed jumping
on the bed
don't don't jump okay he's jumping to me
okay he's jumping to me it was not
expecting that
let me see you jump jump criss cross and
make it jump jump today is the last day
at the cabin we got things to do we got
to get back to life we got work to do
so we're packing up I've been packing
like all day yeah
Missy's been packing all day I've
actually got a lot of work done today
which is really nice
Missy has been amazing and packing up oh
oh and you're throwing things on the
ground cool story bro where's your
brother
show me your brother huh there he is
no don't shoot him we're gonna be nice
to him okay I apologize Fenn he's so
very rude isn't he hi oh look at you
found your hand are you sucking on your
hand got a little bunny rabbit you guys
you're so cute guy I love you hi oh hi
buck Oh ball that's yours aw what is
this did you find this it's a ball
where'd you find it
Oh daddy oh it's a ball for doggy okay
cool
I was actually really hoping we were
gonna see snow one last time before we
left but apparently it only wanted to
make an appearance right when we got
here which was actually really cool so
we got here and threw on our snow gear
and just like ran in it and played in it
there's a ton of fun I'm gonna miss this
place though I love Idlewild if you guys
are ever in Southern California you want
to go hang on the mountain tonight a
while it's pretty cool place pre cool
town it's really bright how can it be so
cold
what does that be Oh bright be Rolly
Camilla Camilla huh oh I love you hey
squirrel hey squirrel one more time Oh
God
no squirrel I uh dad that yeah I love
you too I hope you had fun at the cabin
we had such a blast huh thumbs up if you
have fun my dad we watch so much media
we're actually going to be doing another
cabin trip in January it's going really
really cool um it's gonna be some
special friends joining us - you're
gonna have a blast we're gonna catch a
squirrel we are headed down the hill and
I'm actually getting super nauseous been
trying to bathe bends in the road I know
I'm going to get a flashback when you
were pregnant and I was like doing that
oh thank you open the sunroof yeah Aaron
got some fresh air going hopefully we no
one throws up especially me I had so
much fun in Idaho I just saw that place
guys I don't know that's where my mom
like grew up it's always where we went
when we were kids and I love taking
Brian when we first like got married and
stuff she's kind of a special place to
be plus I'm not joking the dog is
actually the mayor okay they elected him
as the mayor yeah
I'm to you that is the new mayor max oh
yeah the first mayor max did pass away
we were at his funeral
and then they actually got three other
puppies from the same mom so the new
mayor max is related to the old mayor
max yes and they delegate is the mayor
yes it is tree awesome that would feel
that you're mayor yes yes there is not a
human mayor nope there is no human there
we literally just walked in the door
it's not only grab the Apple Jackson sat
down now I guess he's gonna munch on
these what were you doing it's so silly
yeah we just got home I'm actually gonna
about to jump on a call with my cousin
Curtis that lives in Cambodia and we're
going to just talk and chat with him for
a little bit Ollie is so excited because
auntie is coming over and she's bringing
karma are you excited to see Garba Dougy
he misses him so much he was so sad when
karma left on Friday when we left he was
almost in tears usually doggy doggy hue
he's so sad that he left there's just
like best friends now they just play all
day long like they that's like his buddy
to play with and so he was so sad when
he left and then he's been asking about
him all day
do here did he miss karma oh he's got it
but he's been wanting to give this ball
dome all day he's got to go up all karma
he's gonna throw it for him I kind of
look look look look her look at Ali oh
dude you guys know he was coming sir
yeah he's like I'm coming hey we missed
you Karn hey he's like oh yeah thank you
I'm here talked with my cousin Curtis hi
so this is Curtis he is actually
Geoffrey's brother his younger brother
and he lives in Cambodia as a missionary
he also works with the water of life
organization so Curtis you want to tell
us what are like some of the biggest
needs right now for water of life well
always that the biggest things we have
is helping with the education that we
have a lot of kids going to school and
some going to private schools because
they've excelled so that's one of the
biggest things is always helping with
tuition fees and then also we this
January January we're moving buildings
from what from water and let them move
to a different town maybe two or three
kilometers over so there's just a lot of
help with different things and find new
beds and different materials and moving
costs so yeah and so one of the reasons
why tuition and schooling is so
important is because what you guys are
trying to do is basically raise up the
children to help build the the country
back up right yeah absolutely
because there's a lot of the the work
forces is uneducated at the point at
this point and so you have to have the
younger generation get the proper
education go to college and university
and
they can read the leaders to get them
out of this out of this hole if they're
a part of their organization also helps
the children sort of like the younger
kids what age group is that age this it
goes from from two years old all the way
to 18 and themselves and the children's
home right now they're actually getting
ready to move they did they raised the
rents there is that what happens
actually the the landlord wants to sell
the buildings no they don't want us to
be there anymore because they ran out of
money of hair so okay they want us to
move this year so within the next four
or five months we need to be out of that
place yeah so they're kind of hoping
also they can get something that will
you know obviously help hold more
children so that they can continue to
help all the kids that are hurting there
and needing that so yeah we're excited
to help out water of life and raise
money for you guys yeah we're excited
too
thank you so much for your help we are
getting ready to decorate the Christmas
tree and we have Mickey Mouse on and all
I just grabbed me
mittens he'll ask me for the looper
wanted a second tire lens here and we
put it at work basically baby and I
time for night-night you gotta hug the
tree good night okay say night-night
tree give it one last smell this smell
good huh I'm putting all her down even
though we're not done with the tree
because it is so freakin late so we're
gonna decorate the tree without him I'm
sorry you got to go to bed okay
oh now the hangers gone King scene 9 9 8
I love you
so we just come to the conclusion that
we're having a lot of ugly Christmas
ornaments right darlin yeah like a lot
like I had like five and I was like
let's put the ugly Christmas ornaments
up and then five turned into like 15
they're just so weird and like strange
and like they're like ornament rejects
yeah I would say that's definitely a
mouse youth I'm Mouse wearing us what
see I don't know well and yes of course
you guys I do have a burrito ornament
look how amazing that is
and there's actually is some pieces torn
off because Ollie thought it was a real
burrito and tried to eat it
we did it you guys we got the Christmas
tree all decorated not all the way
though because all is asleep so tomorrow
morning he's gonna wake up and put a
couple more ornaments on the tree and
then a star yes all yeah I get the
star up yes I feel bad because I really
wanted him to decorate it with us but it
was getting so late those like and he
was like our crazy maniac running around
yeah yeah pretty much
okay yeah he's pretty crazy also look
what we got this you guys is a kissing
ball you hang it up in your house and
then when someone's standing under it
you have to kiss them if it's someone
that you want to kiss mmm ahh I love you
yeah I like actually think it's way
nicer than just a simple mistletoe yeah
it's cool kind of bigger prettier anyway
that's all for today's vlog you guys I
hope you enjoyed it if you did be sure
to give it a thumbs up please go check
out the Anchor Cambodia fund that we
have going on with a link down below in
the description thank you guys so much
for watching we'll see you don't yawn
you're gonna make everyone else yawn
Missy right into the woods
this home
in the fear
looks so good
I'd say yeah
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
