they have a toddler trap right in the
middle of the playground to be fair
though he's pretty good at getting
trapped in things look at this you guys
I'm using all the cameras in my car to
back out of this driveway which is very
hard to do if you do not have two
cameras around your car this is like
real-life grand theft auto fit and now
we're turning onto the road we did it
you can see the cliff edge like right
there look at that oh my god so scary
good morning another day in Idyllwild we
are all headed off to breakfast we have
actually been had a really productive
good morning
sometimes our mornings can go kind of
slow especially when you got two kids
Finn slept really good last night at
least better than lot the night before
so that was definitely a plus although
all I woke up so sad and scared and my
monitor had died first thing I remember
was Ollie in bed with his feet in my
face
oh my gosh I have a funniest picture
from last night I'm going to show to you
right now this is only last night
okay this is only last night oh my god
he's right on top he's literally laying
on top of you he gets into some really
funny position and the thing is is that
when he gets into funny positions I just
move him cuz I'm like you're not gonna
like sleep on my pillow but Brian just
moves himself down and like sleeps at
the end of the bed when I'm like just
pick of Olly and move him over I guess I
got to show you also this other picture
that I definitely dying look at this I
got both the boys to smile in one
picture and I'm dying pretty incredible
we are all waiting erected just everyone
here we've got two dogs here they're
just sitting out here waiting for their
owners they're not even on leashes or
anything they're just sitting here I was
one waiting patiently every time someone
walks out they're like it's not them is
that them that's not them they're so
cute though - very beautiful black labs
mm-hmm they'll keep Olly busy Hey are
you guys done with him yeah bye guys
just came out Holly guess where we're at
ah the park that's right he's getting so
good at talking and answering questions
you got a gun yes you do we are at the
park you guys look at this this is
actually the parking lot of the park
it's like a forest we just got done with
breakfast and now we're gonna go burn
burn all those hashbrowns off and run
around the park did you see a doggie
we got Finn all loaded up in the
stroller let's go up some fun at the
park you run around dinosaur huh that's
a cool dinosaur huh can you give him a
high-five
boom awesome let's go play so we've been
to this park before it's actually a ton
of fun it's like really unique very like
woodsy and mountainy oh look a bear
yeah I'm even looking I just seem a no
yeah you do
good job gotta climb up around here
yay now go down the slide you want your
gun there you go
let me know in the comments what game
these guys are playing looks pretty
interesting seems very hard I'm a baby
wedding tightrope ER yeah you are look
at ollie he's doing it - yeah it is Wow
dude big difference from the last time
he was here huh they have a toddler trap
right in the middle of the playground to
be fair though he's pretty good at
getting trapped in things not his thing
we're going exploring into the woods
Brian you should sing the song into the
woods into the woods get the cow yeah
yeah I'm ok you ok ok good he's like the
sweetest boy always asked if I'm okay
it's always in the time when it's like a
good point where he should ask me if I'm
okay
oli maybe we'll see some squirrels you
had you your squirrel call though show
me how you do this work off Jim Oh daddy
knows they squirrel daddy knows it go
get good cutter today
yeah it's water
no fishies in that one no parenting
goals are they coming
damn yeah they went I know you're right
hey big guy oh my goodness hi both boys
we're down for now and both boys
literally just woke up at the same exact
time and now look who's down for now
Maci Holly what are we gonna try and go
see hey birdies you got a peanut right
ah yeah you see it the Blue Jays are
crazy over here you guys show me all
right let's set it up here
can you set it up here good job here
grab another yep let's put them over
here Ollie come here we're gonna set the
peanuts on the railing we got some other
crushed peanuts they don't like the
Chris peanuts you know I like the whole
ones it's cold huh it is really cold out
here yet the snow like it did when we
first got here hoping it will snow at
least one more time before we leave
all right Ollie come look at the window
now let's look out the window until the
birdies come okay say birdie come here
and now we wait
Ollie a birdie oh you just grab the
peanut in love did you see that yeah the
birdies are slowly taking all the
peanuts but they're so quick about it
there's one look at that beautiful blue
jay though you guys it's freaking it's
amazing you see all right here go poke
put more out there Finn's watchin
birdies too
I literally had to stop myself from
eating his cheeks I'll show it to him
yeah you share your toys with him you
put all the up on the couch all you need
some brother time okay oh good job so
all he's really sad because this broke
mostly cuz he chewed on it and I told my
niece duct tape he'll fix it I'm hoping
he's duct tech duct tape but when he
says duct he calls him quack quack so I
told him get quack quack tape yeah daddy
okay crack crack tape huh duct tape yeah
and then he went into the kitchen to
look for duct tape and he found a
chicken and what do chickens say yeah
the next day a rooster but it's cute so
we'll go with it so we are back in town
to get some dinner as a family I just
parked right in front of the big
ginormous Christmas tree and Ollie has
yet to see it as he was asleep hey all
you want to see some lights can you see
okay I'm gonna show you it yeah that's a
big Christmas tree huh look how tall it
is look all the way up there look at all
that let's go under it buddy so you can
get a closer look can you say Christmas
tree how close you are isn't that cool
look up look at that isn't that crazy
dude it's a big old tree huh it's so
cute
keep saying cat or car are you saying
car say Christmas tree say Merry
Christmas
there's no fishy over here buddy go eat
all right we are at this Italian place
getting dinner and check out what Missy
just got on her cake let's look at this
it is dry cut into a woman that's so
cool super fancy
yelling I reason why I mean the only one
yelling probably yeah I know what
happened look at all he's like I rolling
are you gonna try yeah we got Olly to
bed and I actually just started a fire
fire I have made fire it's like a good
bad me yeah we got our onesies on we're
all comfy in the cabin now with our nice
fire going but I think I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up and thank you guys for helping
us hit nine hundred thousand subscribers
that's crazy
the number doesn't really matter like
we'd be doing this no matter what but
it's just like kind of like oh well it's
kind of a cool accomplishment it's
definitely a big thank you to you guys
you guys don't want subscribing to us
yeah yeah this year I'm like God I wish
could be done in our cabin for the rest
of the night and we'll see manana what
should we do tomorrow I don't know
cuz you have to come back and see
goodbye
this is home in the
good Hornets are
can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
