Oliver what is going on here
you're eating cookies yeah right you get
its you taking little bites of each one
I made the mistake of giving Ollie
to gingerbread cookies this morning
setting them at the table and then
leaving the box out and he apparently
got in them and took a bite out of each
one huh cookie do you like gingerbread
cookies buddy yeah look at their little
people
dip it up it up noob doopa doopa doopa
doopa doopa tip tip tip do please
they're kind of like minions yeah they
can be minions say Happy Thanksgiving
hey any giving good morning guys and
happy thanks giving ollie is gonna have
hardly any room left for turkey because
he just ate a whole box of cookies Missy
has been cooking all morning
we got rolls in here we got more rolls
rising yeah we also have pie and peanut
butter balls we're just getting
everything ready to take over to her
aunt's house to have Thanksgiving with
the whole family
hey Ollie did you tell your brother
Happy Thanksgiving
oh you can turn it on for him oh thank
you yeah no it's a bunny give your
brother a kiss give him a kiss mm good
job and yes he found a gun we had like
one gun left in the shower
shoot the Christmas tree shoot the
Christmas tree bang bang bang bang bang
bang bang bang bang bang bang bang by
the way you guys it smells
amazing in our house because of the
Christmas tree I woke up and it was like
a forest in here it was awesome
happy Thanksgiving everyone I have been
getting ready for the day I think I've
decided on what I'm going to wear today
so I'm wearing this super cute plaid
shirt and it's actually extra long it
goes down to the middle of my legs or
like size so I'm wearing a cute little
belt so I can get a close-up grandmas
cute belt it's like brown it's got this
tan stretchy stuff just wearing some
black leggings and then I've got tan leg
warmers with my brown boots it kind of
pulls together the belt by the way I'm
super out of breath because I went
downstairs grab the camera ran back
upstairs and so that's why I'm out of
breath oh yeah I'm so excited for
Thanksgiving and I really like my outfit
which is always a plus but we're also
getting ready because we are leaving
tomorrow for Idlewild and we're going on
a little interval k so I've been trying
to make sure all we got all kinds of
warm clothes for the kids and make sure
they're kind of pack and I'll have to do
most of my packing tomorrow I've also
been baking a lot today and just getting
all ready for Thanksgiving also in the
process of all the baking I burnt my
hand I actually spilled boiling hot
water all over my hand it actually
doesn't look Bert it looks a little red
but it's not like that bad but it hurts
I burnt my I pour boiling water on them
ahead but we are off to my aunt Lisa's
and really excited because we're
basically going to have all of our
family members from my mom's side all
together except for Curtis who is in
Cambodia he basically lives there
full-time so he's not here but everyone
else is here and so we're really excited
to kind of get together because we
haven't gotten together like with this
side and family in a long long time
right that's what Thanksgiving is about
it's about getting together with family
so yeah I brought all kinds of yummy
goodies and hopefully they're all good
and I didn't ruin too many of them my
mom actually brought the apple pie I
bought it but I didn't have time to make
it so I sent over to her
all right and this is my Aunt Lisa well
and apparently she's making gizzard
comes out of the turkey along in the
back I did I mean it this is where you
throw it away right this is a lot like
delicacy go back and find me shove your
hand up inside after Joe you know what
and when you do that that's of use I
mean it you'll find what that way the
dark side you cook did you cook that
even machine look at the little more did
you cook it I can't wait these you are
gonna eat the heart is there to like
your spleen like it filters out all the
gritty okay but if you cook it long
enough it's so delicious
I'm not roast it like let's not happen
what is what's all over it right I don't
know they just kind of cook it for a
while saute is good to me Wow
Thanksgiving is very interesting at your
you
you
two scotch Missy's uncle he is now
cutting open the bird carving carving
Thanksgiving fail all over I apologize
you're killing it
how big was a how big was this 21 Pass
ooh that's a good one
if you're wondering how 25 people sit at
one table together for Thanksgiving
they don't know look at all these cool
little tables all set up look at this Oh
Jefferson trying to get in my blog go
watch his Thanksgiving Day vlog is it
sorry okay
someone's had a couple of grapes that's
amazing so when we were kids we always
had to sit in the kids I'll make you pay
more
I'm not sitting at the kids table no
that ain't happening I'm not sure that
kids table
one thing that Lisa had us do is write
down an inspirational quote saying Bible
verse anything and we have them all here
written down and we're going to mix them
all up and then someone is going to grab
one okay gratitude can transform common
days into Thanksgiving turn routine jobs
in to joy and change ordinary
opportunities into blessings
hi haters will say what they want but
their hate but never stop from chasing
your dream you can't fly unless you let
yourself fall I'm pretty sure that's
just a paper layer if Obama resigns from
office out there by doing great service
to the country I will give him a free
lifetime golf and anyone any one of my
courses I want the world to be better
all in one is positive all I want is
Kanye West Godzilla
said the man gorilla as he ate vanilla
in the Manila life is worthless feel it
believe it dream it do it beaver it I
think Justin Bieber is taking over our
inspirations which one I say boo
proverbs 20:1 I say boo
either young by making millions to work
the nightshift all right the real things
haven't changed it is still the best to
be honest and truthful to make the most
of what we have to be happy with simple
pleasures and have courage when things
go wrong good one that was Laura Ingalls
whiter I was born the next one just say
it again Laura Ingalls Wilder Marberry I
think I know who wrote this one what
pairs well with turkey stuffing
cranberries and pumpkin pie red wine
white wine heck anyway if you're walking
down the right path and you're willing
to keep walking eventually you'll make
progress we have it on record that you
liked it time is money so I went out and
bought a rolling Wiz Kalifa Thanksgiving
is not over when I am full it's over
what I hate myself mid pleasures and
palaces though we may roam be it ever so
humble there's no place like home yeah
ah there's no place like home we've got
an interesting Bunch
real life very very slow right guys this
is not a gel out of the rock
very impressed
yeah broccoli Waldron
Oh
Oh crazy Oh did what the gizzard egg
Sheriff no that doesn't care this is a
piece Brian you're gonna have to have
two pieces now no that's fine I'm eating
gizzard come is that like the liver um
no no he loved it not that bad really
sketchy wait so what is it a part of
what part of it like you know I feel
like liver but what is it it's like that
that's me like that god it's like it's
like squishy and also kind of stringy
literally I'm not gonna like what is the
spleen up yeah you're you into Medical
School
yeah no as you say not not
family-friendly is that good
are you eating bread
how is that cookie not incredible you
can't like oh we got peanut butter balls
chocolate-chip cookies we just ate an
amazing dinner you guys incredible
aren't those insane misery I don't know
how she does it every single time she
makes the most amazing perfect
you good job there you have it you guys
another Thanksgiving in the bags this
little guys first Thanksgiving he's
still eating like what a pig I didn't
need that much um we had a really great
day hanging out with family I hope you
guys had a really great day too we don't
really do the whole Black Friday thing
we we used to right yeah used to do
Black Friday a couple years too much too
much work let us know though in the
comments if you guys found any amazing
Black Friday deals and tell us about
your stories was it crazy
was it a crazy night because this is
pretty much my Black Friday right now I
feel like the cyber deals are just as
good if not better and you don't like
stand in line and you can do it in your
underwear
how cool is that and speaking of cyber
monday we actually just updated our
merch shop look at that we have a new
design that has Finley's little and we
also have hoodies so we sure to go check
those out link is down below in the
description anyway though that's all for
today's vlog I want to let you guys know
that Missy has a video on her channel
she put up a slideshow of all the photos
that we got when Missy was in labor and
when she had Finley and then five days
later after Finley had his newborn
photos taken so there's lots of really
cool photos up there go check those out
link is down below in the description
that's all those things so much for
watching we'll see you manana hmm
this is home in
guitar Kissin
can't say it
I am home and
where I wanna be
