to get to the denim yeah should be fun
we both have appointments today and we
have to put on a smile and talk about
how fun the dentist is because we don't
want him to be scared we all right good
morning guys and happy Monday today I'm
not really looking forward to because
Missy and I are going to the dentist
it's going to be my first dentist
appointment in jeez probably 9 10 years
and we're just doing teeth cleanings um
so shouldn't be anything too crazy it's
actually a really cool office it gives
nitrous oxide so I call me down during
it I think it'll be okay but I'm so
nervous
I've probably made like three does
woman's and cancel them in the last ten
years because I'm just so afraid
Finley slept on me most of the morning
and he actually did pretty good
and now Missy's in the kitchen preparing
peanut butter balls
check out this getup she's done what's
going on here dude you're hot you're on
a ride yeah bonmama so f Finley he's
like I wasn't told I wasn't me sharing
this he's in this cool little wrap this
is a new rap huh I just got the solar
grab le hard one and it is pretty cool
it's very like thin and lightweight and
I really like it so far
ya got my then this is the Peugeot and
we're all in a long long time especially
because that was pregnant and why all of
a sudden did he want to be warned well I
was putting him in he started crying as
you want me to hold him oh I felt so bad
and I actually watched a few weeks ago
someone sent me like a video of them
doing this and I thought I was like
could never do that like two kids I mean
like I how could I even do anything
look how mobile you are though I've been
like yelling at him all day to get off
the counter stop doing that no you can't
do nothing you just see you're singing
you're on a ride with Mama ha I'm making
paper balls and I'm finally able to make
them because I'm not chased after him or
trying to stop him from crying yeah so
this is the peanut butter and butter is
better mixture yeah so I gotta mix this
together then I got adds a kind of sugar
and it's going to make delicious and I'm
in charge of desserts for Thanksgiving
and I take that job very seriously I'm
gonna making caramels cook um Java chip
cookies pumpkin pie and apple pie we're
also bringing rolls but if you guys are
interested at what the heck are peanut
butter balls miss he actually did a
video on her channel about it I'll have
a link down below a lot of people asked
me see makes them every single year cuz
they're from some gum fish like I'm
making hopefully like 400 balls so Wow
is that is that fun to sit there like
that okay so I'm getting ready in the
guest bathroom partially because our
room got overtaken by the kids look at
this you guys this is adorable
oli did not want to sleep in his bedroom
for some reason I know it was kind of
convenient you because we were actually
cleaning a lot of his bed things his bed
wasn't really made so we put him down to
take a nap in our room and Missy was
like nursing Finn the whole time and so
now Finley's asleep and only asleep both
in our bed and I think that's pretty
stinking adorable hey I have both boys
asleep one sleeping in my bed
oli actually really wanted to sleep in
our bed was like all right yes because
you had to go to bed then and he did so
I'm like watching him now on the monitor
in our room and I got thin here sleeping
good to be honest he loves up mama Roo
and I love it too because he sleeps
really well on it oh and so I've just
been cleaning up Brian's pick mess up
some lunch
and I got my peanut butter balls
actually the first step is done you got
all that peanut butter in here it's
getting chilled probably hopefully start
rolling pretty soon it is quite a long
process it is so worth it these controls
are so good you believe it's
Thanksgiving week like it's the week of
Thanksgiving I'm excited to Thanksgiving
we're gonna have fun time our family
don't dark all the kids are asleep got
it we're off to the dentist I guess what
we are going to be brave because we have
our son with us we always with us and he
wasn't supposed to come but my sister
ended up getting a flat tire so he's
with us to get to the denim yeah should
be fun we both have appointments today
and we have to put on a smile and talk
about how fun the dentist is because we
don't want him to be scared
all right I actually I'm really I don't
like going to dentist either I'm not
very not very good there but hopefully
it's a good cleaning I don't know why
we're so worried I haven't been in
probably ten years and they're gonna
find like 50 million cavities I have
made something a footman's for him and
it just has never worked out but I
haven't I've been I think maybe in the
last two years but it's been a long time
for me too
we should be going every six months
Brian so we don't do worry about this
there's Missy's teeth you guys she is
getting ready I'm getting nitrous
laughing all laughing fast and it helps
like relax zoom so that you don't have
anxiety which I'm sorry I get really
stressed out with like lately right
also we're with Tanya yes do you guys
remember her I actually went to Cambodia
in February right yeah yeah and she came
along and cleaned a bunch of teeth and
we basically explored Cambodia together
and I was like oh sweet I think that's
kind of better like someone I know
or together work the whole time pinkie
worked a lot but we did a lot of cool
things yeah yeah okay so we're going to
breathe in and out through your nose and
start you off light and you should feel
relaxed not I'm dizzy
maybe your hands and feet might feel a
little heavy okay
legacy mama she's getting her teeth
cleaned okay yeah she's okay she's just
getting her teeth cleaned go yeah she's
getting nose cleaned all right it's
Brian stir Brian how you feelin there
for drinks you've got the nitrous and
they've already had to turn it down
because this is when I would start
kissing upon you George
yeah there he turned it down cuz he was
like flying high a little bit but yeah
he's doing good
got a few cavities I won't say how many
yet we'll let the doctor say how you
feelin well okay all right so we just
got out of the dentist appointment and
it went good
Maci has four cavities she's going back
for just one appointment to fill them
all and then I had five cavities yeah
she said it wasn't that bad considering
it's been ten years she did only clean
the top two and I think it's cuz it was
pretty bad go to the dentist you guys if
you haven't been to the dentist this is
just your friendly neighborhood reminder
to go to the dentist I feel like that
was probably one of the best dentist
experiences that I've had yeah
especially newer yeah we know her so
it's not like weird or awkward that's
someone I don't know is like poking on
my teeth and we also had nitrous which
felt really good good night it was
really nice yeah it was yeah kind of
like took all the stress
you cannot get away from me I am evil
Emperor Zurg I love you I love you Nene
I was going to take you up to bed I know
every night know and talk about it but
he does it every night every night he
does
be good okay I'll see you in the morning
now you hi Finny he's waking up
hi guy today actually I was sitting with
him right here and I'm sang to him and I
was kissing his nose and he gave me the
cutest smiles for the longest time and
at one point he actually had his mouth
open and he giggled like a little bit
it was amazing and pay me what I like
started to tear how boss like what
already you gonna laugh already Hey hmm
and yes they did give me a frozen
sticker at the dentist well I kind of
requested one because all I got a
sticker didn't do anything guys
I think my teeth cleaned okay so I
deserve a sticker but yeah I think
that's all for today's vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did click that
thumbs up button be sure to subscribe
and leave a happy friendly comment below
if you haven't already what's your
favorite part about watching these
videos let me know in the comments below
thanks for watching let's see manana
tired gonna call up at this dude hey
we're gonna say man I say
this is home
good morning it's a
I could say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
