he said son it's less risky they don't
open the flap yeah it's a little bit
more few more days and a little bit more
discomfort but you know I can take Advil
they'll give me nothing drops okay good
morning it is a bright and early morning
for us isn't it okay we're gonna go find
Fred yeah you're getting ready to head
off to my surgery which is today not
allowed to wear any makeup and I'm not
where I makeups like the next week so
this is what you get all right where do
you think Fred is today in TIG do these
in the tree again well that's where we
left him and Auntie just got here
because she's watching you while we go
it is French oh honey go find him hurry
and go give auntie a hug okay oh my gosh
how did you do that what is he doing and
shag he's not the tree oh Jesus he's
gonna be timid easy I can t be found him
that was so fast
he's called the baby Jesus he wants to
remind you that it's not about the
president that Jesus huh that's toddy
yeah toddy Oh eating as a turtle is
enough I guess this is my little pumpkin
he has stacked out on my bed on my side
of the bed I've been using this little
shoe shirt last night and actually
worked really well listen
that's all it does you make it louder or
softer and it seems to help he is in the
comfiest part of the house which is my
size bed on pillows so I don't feel like
anyone could not sleep on this right he
just looked so precious though I'm just
nervous I'm honestly just trying not to
think about it don't have to sit there
with my eye open held open for I think
it's like eight minutes on each side
that's like feels like eternity I bet
when you're like standing when you're
like just right there more nervous about
what happens afterwards because
basically after I'm supposed to sleep I
have to sleep all day and all night and
of course I've got kids like they say
keep your eyes closed yeah I have to
keep my eyes closed and probably
sleeping is best because that's when you
heal the best is when you're just like
sleeping I'm really nervous about it
because I'm a mom and they say like you
don't get a day off like there's no days
off and I wouldn't sit and because I'm
still like you need to bring them up to
nurse if he needs a nurse I need to you
know feed him I do have some milk stored
up for Brian to feed Finn but it's just
like it's hard like I he's only six
weeks old I'm excited and nervous my dad
I'm so glad my dad's doing it with me
because I think I'd be even like more
scared but
he's doing it with me so it'll be fun to
like have each other there he says that
it's less risky they don't open the flap
yeah it's a little bit more few more
days and a little bit more discomfort
but you know I can take Advil they'll
give me numbing drops okay
it's got here and basically they
informed me that I am not eligible for
LASIK but I am eligible for a different
procedure called PRK yeah I think it's
PRK and that's just it's kind of like
the same thing I'll still have good
vision it's just a longer recovery I
might be in like a bit of pain for like
four days
let's Brian is home and he can help and
so I think it's okay so I'm still
getting it today it's just going to be
different and they definitely threw a
little wrench in my plan but you know
that's just what happens sometimes
study
good luck in the deck looking good man
put it on the cap how you feel baby a
bit just a couple more minutes and then
it's all over with okay you're gonna
recover great and I recover time is
gonna be longer because it's PRK but
you're a fighter and a healer my
c-section
six weeks ago yeah you could do this did
it last time
no my glasses
I'm floating I got up like a rocket ship
the town they go huh
you don't we get trouble who me now okay
I'm sorry
because Missy's corneal tissue was too
thin
she actually can't have the LASIK
surgery she has to do PRK and the
difference is in LASIK they actually cut
the top part of your eye open and flap
it over and then do the laser the PRK
they don't do any cutting they just go
right on the eye which means that
there's gonna be a lot more human she's
gonna be a bit more uncomfortable but
mrs. Missy's pretty strong I think
she'll be pretty good just means a
couple extra days of healing time listen
to this laser you guys this is crazy
Hey
yeah you felt you did it we're going to
look at your cornea so come on forward
chin right up in here and just take a
look straight at well you did great
that went nice and smooth and I get to
go home and just sleep and then I'm
going to give you another and going
every time you look beautiful I love
young patients you guys are going to
help fast pretty neat it'll be it's
going to be a few days before you really
started getting really good vision but
what's going to happen is you're going
to go home and just try to get to sleep
you can take contact yes
no there's no power in the contact
lenses you can definitely know there's a
difference right now but what will
happen is we need to get you through the
next couple days without having too much
discomfort so you feel like you can
already see a little better
is it like cloudy at all it is not super
clear right yeah does that hurt at all
is it hot or no oh it's numb right now I
didn't see up there you can read that
vamp yeah
this is clearance you can't see that
usually yeah no I would know
Wow it's fun thank you waiting up I
guess not there but I can see it yeah
that's amazing babe you guys look cool
in your goggles you're like yeah I got
you babe see right there
come on come on
sorry okay your shoes untied
oh yeah okay okay love you I'm gonna
take a nap cake do you take your time no
p.m. okay going through our door I'm
calling to our amazing comfortable bed
yeah you can Finn is loving this oh my
gosh he's got the biggest smile on his
face they're watching Katie Holly yes
Jim and Missy are both asleep upstairs
which is great which means that their
eyes are healing and it's exactly what
they needed all I just woke up from a
nap Mimi's here helping me wrangle these
two kids yeah I've actually been able to
get a ton of stuff done today which is
really nice
mamma oh yes mamma is on the baby
monitor so that we can watch her in case
she says she needs anything trying to
talk she's got a goat she's got asleep
right now buddy
all right guys I'm here with Jeffrey and
Olivia say hi Liv Jeffrey and I have
been working on some really cool things
I am shooting a music video tomorrow and
then we're working on some band stuff
yes
olivia is a really great vlogger you
guys we're actually watching a police
pursuit which is amazing this is what
you do when you live in California you
basically watch the live police pursuits
a ton of fun Reagan Olivia has a
question that she wants to ask you guys
to answer in the comments below
she's really good at doing this over on
their channel if you're not subscribed
go check them out link down below in the
description you coming up with a
question let me know what college what's
your favorite rope their favorite fruits
you got it you heard it guys let her
know what your favorite food is in the
comments what's your favorite free list
cherries and apples and carrots this are
you love these carrots of her Oh carrots
are not fruit I like how that's not the
thing that I'm like huh I like carrots
that's awesome that you like carrots can
you teach Olly to like carrots carrots I
think does he you don't keep like look
up with us okay they're good they're
healthy for your dad and I met in a
little bit this game okay blog with that
a shoebox is a go race available they
have the Christmas tree just huh and
it'll deliver him first when you come in
which is okay oh she saw me what um but
looking made this yesterday
oh is that on jackets yeah time that's
your nap
oh are you still alive no no I'm trying
to kick it off okay no don't touch that
you just you're okay I can read the TV
you can read the TV here is really weird
meanwhile in this over here this is
having some trouble opening your eyes
Wow you can see it's amazing are you how
your eyes feel
yeah hurling rocks right now you look
good you look good Jim all he's very
concerned about everyone per Missy's
request Mimi made an amazing dinner
tonight we got chicken mashed potatoes
and rolls all these over here numbing on
some taters whoo you know what you do
eat your taters Olly eat your chicken
too
oh you got chicken it's that time Olly
are you so excited okay
go sit next to mama here you go ollie
you can open it kay see what it is say
you owe me a bite
Olly you owe me a bite okay oh okay what
is it
it look like candy showed Edda
it's a Christmas tree ornament have a
bite yo get mama bite you gotta go eat
your bite okay okay wait now
now get Papa bite you got to get pop-up
bite oh wait now wait now give auntie a
bite he's like you got ask Freddy more
bite he loves open in that advent
calendar 18 more days till Christmas
what an incredible day you guys I am so
thrilled for Missy and her dad a will
now live their life with wearing no
contacts no glasses they can see I just
think that's amazing I am a little
bummed that Missy's recovery it's gonna
be a little harder but you know what
she's a really strong person and I'm
just
super proud of her and she's gonna do a
really really great job but anyway
that's all for today's vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it tomorrow I'm doing
something really fun so I hope you'll
come along with us you guys enjoyed
today's video be sure to give it a
thumbs up subscribe to our channel leave
a comment check out all those links down
below in the description trying to raise
$50,000 this month for Cambodia so go
check out the video we shot on that page
with the link down below in the
description and we will see you tomorrow
Olly Olly just ran in here just in time
can you say bye come here come here say
bye
they don't know how heartbreak tastes
and this little heart it sees the good
in everybody no like
