good morning guys oh he's like what
morning oh my gosh I totally just booked
one you're okay I've just been catching
up on some housework like dishes and
believe it or not I'm actually caught up
on laundry I'm just trying to get
everything kind of just caught up I
don't know sometimes the house just kind
of gets a little bit out of control but
everything is looking pretty good right
now I have not done my makeup yet today
because I've just been cleaning my baby
wearing this guy always down for his nap
but I'm gonna really try just have a
calm day these past few weeks I have
just been going and going going I don't
know why I definitely don't like to be
in the house very much I mean I love
being held but the same time I don't
know I I like to be out I like doing
things I usually just tend to like make
plans and and then once I get out I
start doing other things and then I'm
not home till nighttime and I'm like
what am i doing I need to relax
I just need to relax not making a ton of
plans either way I'm just going to try
and clean up and I'm loving the way the
house looks right now we're just got
like some of our Christmas decorations
up I think I'm gonna grab a few more
things even away so you good morning
it's time to go to bed let's just tuck
you in there okay haha guys just got my
hair cut it feels so good I haven't had
a haircut in probably two months I let
it grow so long and it just it feels so
good to be like off my ears and nice and
tight
actually had a super busy morning today
was able to get a lot of work done and
then I went and got my hair cut and it
feels good the guy who cuts my hair he
like massages the back of my head when
he shampoos and conditions and it felt
so good I was like I'm gonna fall asleep
in this chair right now and embarrass
the crap
yeah ah felt good though hey guys so I
think I only just woke up and I'm gonna
go get them for you guys cuz he's got to
do he's being helped mommy oh good
morning
help help with what your stuffed animals
need help can you give a big hug mama
she's downstairs
guess who else is here
dad they actually left but guess who
else is here
I was thinking me okay let's go hi hey
what's up what are we doing Olly we're
gonna go see doggies alright guys I'm
with my mom and sister right now because
we are going to go look at this boarding
place for karma and Kota because we're
all actually going on a vacation pretty
soon here we need somewhere to keep the
dogs we want it to be a really nice
place we want to be somewhere where
we'll feel comfortable and that they're
safe and this place looks really cool
because although they don't let dogs
play with other dogs which might be a
bummer but Kota and karma will have each
other and actually I think creates a
safer ground because that way no other
dogs is gonna mess with our dog and our
dog easing a mess with their dog because
you know when you're playing and stuff
sometimes dogs do get a little bit like
not aggressive but maybe yeah dominant
and stuff not like a super long trip or
anything like that
we'll look at Dougie's even go out all
right come on out all right here's a
room he would get they would get to
stand together they even got a little
bit
and some food and a TV that looks very
comfy it's pretty good there's a little
puppy really compared to you though got
a couple in here too
hi guys hi baby's gonna let us out
say hi oh yeah I'll buy my ally phone a
kitty cat do you find a kitty
what's the key cat name yeah oh now they
can Emma Simba Simba Simba super
friendly want to like climb on oh my
goodness all I needs a kitty cat oh my
god he's like straight up hugging you oh
that's the cutest thing ever oh my gosh
oh my gosh then we can't hug the kitty
okay he get my hug and I can't like
just be gentle you slow thank you you're
too Wiggly and he's like gutten come
alright we are now walking some of the
grounds we are gonna go check out the
horsies over here so excited I think
he's be scared like I know he likes to
talk about horses and he likes to say
hey but I don't think he's gonna want to
see them very closely how cute
so oli they're just really big dogs okay
what that one say my brand-new boots are
getting dirty
hi now can I pick it is big nose John
pet pet his nose oh there you go that
was very good that's so good oh my gosh
like I am like in heaven right now he's
oh my goodness please smiling at you did
you hey he was smiling at you I guess
softly is he puts him with like the
other side of it hands like it want to
actually touch it no it was like hug it
yeah it was rough oh she would ride now
it the ponies before maybe maybe he
wouldn't know hi I'm gonna have to get
you a horse and we're gonna have to ride
him you got that Brian he's asking to
ride the horse
Oh
put the horsey denim if you can't pet
then you can't write mmm all right we
got thin up here and always flying like
buzz a buzz Holly look who's back it's
dad dad did you miss me hmm
and apparently Missy found a very weird
ball isn't that weird it does sound like
minions huh look at this we got like a
target uh cart train going on that's
funny that looks cool you're gonna get
that answer yes it does look good um
there you go see us what I just did I'm
thinking I like thinking I think it's
cool you should get it okay while we're
at Target we got a couple of goodies for
karma to put them in the holiday spirit
cuz Kona can be kind of a Grinch
sometimes excited it's like it looks
like a candy cane Oh Ollie okay new
collar we also got him an ugly sweater
it actually says ugly sweater it
actually says ugly sweater without my
suit that's gonna cute so yeah is it
ugly or is a cute I like it I think it's
cute but you put your nose through there
good job and I want to do oh my goodness
somebody Karan so bad what's he wearing
karma be happy don't be a Grinch what do
you think of it karma good you'll be
warm I know that you might feel like
you're being tortured but we also got
you a toy hmm we got you a toy you want
to wear it you want to play with a toy
all right here Ollie you can give it to
karma yeah
kama set
I was like I know what the heck is this
run Ollie run run run with it run okay
throw it to karma akarma I don't know
who's having fun with this Oliver or
karma this is epic you wanna sit up he
really likes sitting up yeah he's tired
of laying down yeah nothing whoa I don't
know if it will never this but I like it
it's okay he's so cute
George big ol eyes Hospital eyes yeah oh
my goodness you're so cute I'm so happy
that this thing is gone I know she's got
a normal belly button now hopefully it
turns in doing any it's premature daddy
right now no you hungry I don't have any
I'm sorry
daemul just took this little guy out of
the shower he's all cuddly in war what's
going on in there your brother's being
crazy in the shower isn't he
hi buddy he's so warm and clean you
smell good dude so just sitting in my
office and I happen to run across that
this is home music video you guys know
this video has 1.6 million views holy
crap look at that face
I know a lot of you probably know that I
do music but a bunch of you are new we
get new subscribers all the time so if
you guys didn't know yes
I wrote a couple songs I have this is
home who knew and Finley's lullaby are
all on iTunes and I'll actually put
links down below in the description for
all the download links and iTunes and
all the music video links so if you guys
haven't watched them or heard the songs
or anything like that go check them out
there in the description I love writing
music and actually I am just about to
wrap up my new EP which will be
available for pre-order in December next
month you guys it's gonna be available
for pre-order and then it's going to be
released in January it's been almost a
whole year since we released this as
home and it's like it's completely
changed my life I can't believe that I'm
able to like do this it's really really
cool and it's it's just crazy
it's just crazy and then even while I'm
about to release my first EP like a lion
which is the name of the EP I am still
writing music I'm still writing a bunch
of music and I think I have a pretty
cool set of songs from maybe another EP
down the road so I think that's pretty
cool too I just love music and I love
writing music and recording music and
performing music I wish I could I wish I
perform more honestly but yeah it's just
a part of who I am so for those of you
who didn't know now you know go check
out the music link down below in the
description but anyway I'm gonna go
ahead and end today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did click that
thumbs up on the song you're hearing
right now is that song this is home
pretty cool I love it means a lot to me
anyway thanks guys for watching click
thumbs up subscribe comment check out
the link
been sad
this home in the
so good Hornets
I'd say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
