hey oli refuses to slide on us like oh
my god hey Olli what's on your shirt
buddy doggy is that Snoopy are you
pretending to be a doggy man are you
barking at your brother yep all he is
wearing his Snoopy sweater does that
mean we're gonna go see peanuts yay good
morning buddy how are you doing this
morning hi good morning guys something
really exciting happened with Finn this
morning we woke up and we saw yes look
what came off finally yay this thing was
getting so gross and smelly and nasty
the past couple of days now look at you
you got a normal belly button dude
you're like a normal baby now huh that's
pretty amazing
Allie look it it's gone it is gone huh
that's amazing
no more poo poo see the poo poo fell off
no it doesn't hurt it's all better
shield do you want to toll that yeah
okay yeah look at his belly button you
can poke it now don't touch the button
touch the button don't touch the button
okay don't touch it don't touch it gate
don't touch the button don't touch the
button
don't touch it k don't do it don't do it
oh no beep yes we are very excited that
lets this little
gross thing as off now it's kind of like
a baby rite of passage when all I got
his I was so excited because it fell off
his fell off after like five days is
amazing it took Finny a little bit
longer but that's okay
all babies are different and they do
things at different rates this thing's
finally up and this is really cool this
means that Finlay can actually take a
real bath now we can get him all wet and
all nice and cozy and warm ins bathtub
so maybe you'll like bath time a little
bit better now okay buddy
in honor of Finn's umbilical cord
falling off and becoming such a big boy
he's now officially wearing zero to
three month clothes well at least he is
today he still does Fitness newborn but
it's very very tight and so I broke out
this brand new outfit that we have not
worn yet today and always never want it
either it's got a little lion on it it's
so cute
and then I've got his chute like a lion
is cute like a lion and then I've got
some cute little shoes on him that
matched perfectly with the lion so cute
and these shoes are actually my friend
sent them to me she actually has like a
little shoe shop that she calls brave
little soul and she made these shoes
like they're so stinking cute they're
just like little moccasins they're
perfect for like newborns they're almost
like a warm sauce that ties and looks
like a shoe so cute and she actually has
a lot of other shoes also that like are
for girls and for boys the girl ones are
adorable and they're not just for
newborn either they're there for like
all kids sizes but I will link down her
Etsy shop down below and her Instagram
so you guys can check them out because
they're so cute I love it
Ollie refuses to slide back to me oh my
god he's gonna count down low okay go
three two one three I know okay
and about and we are actually and ready
to work on an exciting new project so
we're going to be doing that for a
couple hours but I'm really excited to
his later day I have an appointment and
I am looking and hoping that I'm
eligible for LASIK surgery if you guys
don't know I wear contacts and I have
terrible sight I mean horrible sight
like if you were a cave woman you would
have fallen off the cliff or I would
have for example I would just I'd be
dead like there's no way I would be able
to make it if the glasses weren't like a
thing I've been told by a doctor that if
you could not fix my eye sight like if
my eyesight wasn't like correctable I
would technically be legally blind
always been a dream of mine to get LASIK
surgery when your your optometrist have
always told you that you you're a good
candidate yeah sure so today I have an
appointment
I'm going to go in they're gonna
basically look at my eyes tell me if I
am and if I am then I may actually be
getting surgery in a couple of weeks
it'd be so nice because of all the times
you tell me after we're in bed oh it'll
get my contract yeah
for that alone with jollibee nights when
I don't have my contacts in I cannot see
like at night when I'm changing fens
diaper I cannot see anything
plus it's dark so I'm like shiny light
and in order for me to see I had to
literally take my face and shove it down
there see if there's any more proof on
it that's very inconvenient I'm in the
back of the Volvo it was actually
extremely hilarious watching me Trevor's
from there to here but I'm here I'm in
between both of the boys ollie say hi
he's watching minions keeping him
occupied because it's kind of been a
crazy day we have been running around
town I've had like three different
business calls that I've had to do with
kids and craziness
Finley's doing great - hey buddy I
actually had a business call so I'm kind
of stuck in the car right now
Missy is in at her appointment to check
with the LASIK thing and I'm just
waiting for her to come back and I think
we're gonna take all to a movie all
right we got shoes off popcorn lemonade
you're all set aren't you buddy
what's that he seriously wanted his
shoes off so we took his shoes up and
he's all set
Julie done maybe this is Finn's first
movie
so all they had such a blast at the
peanuts movie today you guys he laughed
and he danced and he clapped his hands
and it was amazing
after the movie we actually went to a
really cool pizza place and got some
pizza by the slice and ate dinner there
and it was amazing and now we are home
and Missy wanted to tell you guys how
her LASIK appointment went
so my appointment great um I was
basically approved I can officially have
this surgery and something kind of
exciting is that my dad actually got
approved for a few weeks ago but he
didn't think he was actually gonna be
able to do the surgery
it just teenis doesn't feel like it was
something that was a reality but I'm
going to be surprising him dick today
for his birthday although it is a little
bit early but I need make sure he gets
the time off and everything but me and
him are gonna go together to get LASIK
done and this is so exciting this is
something me and have always talked
about we've always dreamt about it we've
always said like one day wouldn't that
be cool if we got to do something like
that we're totally gonna do it together
and I'm actually making brownies I
basically I'm luring him over here
saying that I'm making him hot fudge
sundae brownies and so brownies are
going in the oven right now he's going
over and I'm gonna surprise him
gradually put the raw eggs in it only
Missy's making brownies and Ollie keeps
dipping his finger into the powder don't
dip your finger into the rock okay is it
good and we're talking to Cassie say hi
Kelsey how's it going not good I want to
be their fakie and I want some of those
brownies you better ship some up to me
these brownies are any good we're gonna
dish of you peanut butter balls if you
guys did not see the apartment tour that
Kelsey and Corman did on their channel
I'll have a link down below you should
definitely go watch it because it's
hilarious but we're catching up on them
Oh lookit
hey Olli what's all over your mouth Oh
ice cream did you still abide of daddy
Sunday uh yeah Missy made a brownie
fudge sundaes cuz she basically wants to
put all of us into a sugar coma yeah
and all he is trying to get some bites
wherever he can okay you got you want
chocolate right what are you doing on
the seven Allender what does it say
you're doing LASIK surgery
what is it happy birthday you and Missy
are getting LASIK really happy where did
you check to see you yeah well I went
today
so we know together yeah oh my gosh it's
same day you guys aren't gonna be blind
anymore I yeah you did yeah oh okay okay
you're not gonna be able to wear glasses
anymore I know hey take them off I
should get my eyebrows what eyebrow
pluck oh my gosh
there's our favorite type of candidate
because if you can't be the biggie it's
like a big deal place like the wall and
add your world is gonna change because
oh good night you go nay night he is so
hot so hyper it's probably our fault
yeah
hey can you give your brother a kiss
good night dude yes give him a kiss good
night good job all right you guys it's
been a long busy day we got so much done
we have so much fun didn't we
Aggie yeah he's so exciting you got to
see the doggy movie peanuts cuz I has
Snoopy huh hey we're gonna go ahead and
end the vlog so we had such a fun day
didn't we say thumbs up thumbs up he say
like yeah say comment could be safe
subscribe okay say check all the links
down below that's pretty good
alright thanks for watching guys we'll
see you manana bye
say bye oh you always do yet so example
here you do this hospital room where I
see for the first time
and if you ever see go I hope you'll
always know you mind
yeah these little
they don't know how heartbreaking
