I'm gonna catch it this time I'm gonna
catch it Oh got it
good morning guys
but it's basically good night because
both of our kids are sleeping we were
actually out to lunch right now at
Panera and he fell asleep on the way
over sort of forgot to give him enough
yeah got to go man AB so he's having a
very comfy nappy deity on his momma
right now you'll never get the color
like that I haven't done this
so long oh yeah cuz you're nothing
O'Malley honestly because of him I guess
the first time you've been able just
lean against me in look what's happening
outside you guys it's rainy and dreary
and wet and oh can you move that babe I
don't think you're supposed to do that
Missy Missy you can't do that why are we
always in the Panera when it's raining
because that's the best time to come to
Panera
yeah it's like super wet and wringing
out actually kind of a bummer because we
all kind of like not ready and dress
nice today and I was like oh let's take
some pictures outside as a family yeah
no we'll all look really nice but now
it's raining so plan on these things we
don't come stand here you can't put it
in like this in the Papa yulhee turn
that face okay right there now use this
one there you go no don't get in front
of it see what care you in the face
but it does hilarious haha nicee really
go go get it all right we're at Mimi and
Papa's house now and it's raining still
all he likes to grab balls and put them
in the automatic ball launcher but then
he likes to stand right in front of it
and he can literally like knock him out
it's really really strong she has to be
careful what though rain yeah that's
pretty cool huh
you playing in the rain yeah go find it
somewhere in there yep they're out of
the way I catch it it's okay all right
uh Missy and Papa are going over some
plans for this backyard area Romania
Papa's house and their backyard is kind
of undeveloped not a whole lot going on
so we're trying to find a way where we
can make it like a really nice area for
the kids to play maybe putting in like a
little place at putting in concrete to
go around so that you can ride this bike
trampoline area fire pit all that fun
stuff
trying to just figure out how that would
all work with the space back here to be
a cool little space maybe huh I do like
the idea of the concrete going around so
you could ride his bike - yeah that's a
good idea yeah be like a little custom
park back here yeah and you want to get
like street signs that say like oh poor
in Finland oh I almost got you it's okay
notice how he laughs first and then he
says sorry good nothing I'm gonna catch
it this time I'm gonna catch it Oh Oh
got it so excited I really do want to
get a play set though that has swings I
want to make sure you can swing back
here coz he likes the swings and maybe
like a slide something that he can climb
and fall and get scrapes and bruises so
yeah that's what we're gonna be working
on for next couple months see if we can
make this a reality for Olly because
that would be really cool oh and Mimi
and Papa and Finn so cool and Christmas
to come back here yeah that was yoga
done one over can it be done by
Christmas that's fast I don't know going
on it it's kind of like a unique shape
too you can make it sort of unique
purchase the home and thinking okay
we're
have to work on the backyard it kind of
just looks kind of crappy right now but
it's gonna it's the perfect space to do
something really good good
what's that ollie Wow pick him up grab
it yeah I'll pick him up for you don't
hold him no okay I'll put him down right
here that's shoes brother you know shoe
at home
it's like shoe yeah yeah oh he's going
into his house there you go see he's
nice what about the doggie did the poor
kid a dog he wants to watch doggie
I put the trailer for the peanuts moving
on because I've been wanted to take him
to it and it is yeah he really wants to
see it now we weren't sure how
interested he'd be in it there's one no
this is no make my dudes really sorry oh
you know he's not sorry she's um daddy
being the food hey what do you say when
you feed him say there you go you go me
go
he's over here talking to his fish for
like the past 10 minutes and I swear the
fish actually like follows him around
look to them are you having a
conversation with the fish yeah bye
oh he's eaten he's taking a bite you
bite and she just hanging out via happy
oh he's hanging out in the water I know
your legs a bit busy a happy fish put
that down hey to look at him he like
comes right up to oli and you sly
yeah he's like hey good luck yes there's
rocks in there like shoes in there
somewhere I think he's back here I was
just looking for him
yep there he is hey hey yeah I see and
she was actually very good at his job he
keeps the tank cleaner for much longer
he really just like keeps it kind of
nice in there and we don't have to do
anything like as far as feeding him and
stuff so it's really convenient to have
a little snail in there all right always
getting ready for bed he has some very
specific things that he is asked to be
brought to bed with him so of course
Zerg started a good night with you we
got bolt and there's one more weird
thing that he actually had to have with
him that's a breast t-shirt he's wearing
a dinosaur t-shirt that dinosaur yeah
and you got Rex's here and then he saw
this in in the in there and he was like
I need this huh because it matches so we
wanted to bring both some he is like
super sad right now because to be honest
he wants to take a shower I'm like all I
already took one today he goes again
like no we're gonna go night-night now
so anyways we're gonna sit here in
cuddle and I'm actually gonna read to
him How the Grinch Stole Christmas which
I read it this morning and is the cutest
book I had no idea that it was such a
cute book it is kind of long especially
for him but I love books that rhyme I
think that's fun and it's just a really
super cool book and I never actually
read it before so we're gonna read this
again today K tonight K we read The
Grinch that stole Christmas
okay the Grinch hated Christmas the
whole Christmas season now please don't
ask why no one quite knows the reason it
could be his head wasn't screwed on just
right it could be perhaps that his shoes
were too tight but I think that most
likely the reason of all may have been
that his heart was two sizes too small
then he slithered and slunk with a smile
most unpleasant around the whole room
and he took every present pop guns and
bicycles rose
drums checkerboard tricycles pop where
the plums that he stuffed them in bags
in the grinch very nimbly stuffed all
the bags one by one up the jiggly
you gonna go to sleep coming you gonna
go to sleep
you want to go to sleep go to bed and
dream about balls are you going to dream
about taking a walk
are you gonna dream about squirrels yes
karma is getting ready for bed as are we
huh
homeboy anyway guys that's all for
today's vlog gonna call it a night
I'm weighing my hogwarts shirt to bed if
you guys enjoyed today's vlog if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up subscribe
comment check out all the links down
below in the description all that good
stuff and we will che manana keychain 9
night you say night-night Karma Tom
goodnight reboot good I wish I first was
in this hospital room where I save for
the very first time and if you ever seen
I hope you'll always know you mind
yeah these little
they don't know how heartbreaking
