my bus so confuse us like is he actually
walking around you like walking on
vitamin D good morning guys I'm just
hanging out with my boys put on some
Mickey's twice upon a Christmas all he's
been yelling Mickey all morning haven't
you Hey look at this little guy you
happy hanging out with dad dad giving
mom a little bit of a rest oh do you not
want that no more you want to smile can
you smile for dead there oh there's a
little cheeky smile huh
I'm tickle in the back of his head it
always seems to help a little bit love
hanging out with my boys in the morning
watching some cartoons OOP I think you
actually might have debt as lips I think
you may have my big lips
Ali show me what you have you got Buzz
and Woody
are those the Christmas tree ornaments
hey you want to put them back on the
Christmas tree buddy come on they're
cool they're glass dude you'll break
them
that's why you have toy versions come
here
put what he back on the tree can you put
but can you put buzz back on the tree
why not he's being mr. stinger today
he's gonna break do do you want him to
break Oh No so let's put him back on the
tree okay now he's safe and sound back
on the tree okay I know it's very
confusing why are there toys on the tree
it's very confusing huh
okay come on let's finish getting ready
last night was so rough within and I
don't want to take my sunglasses off
because I think you would see huge dark
circles on the right let's pretty much
up like all night and would not sleep at
all in his bed so it was nice because I
was able to give thin to Brian this
morning and I actually was able to get a
little bit of sleep just in the early
morning but now we got both the boys in
the back of course they're both fast
asleep I thought they'd sleep at the
wrong time we are headed to lunch with
my family we're actually going to go to
Old Town and just hang out and do some
fun stuff but I'm definitely glad I got
some sleep because I was pretty much
exhausted
oh good morning good morning mr. Holly
guess who were with it's time for lunch
this with with Oh Oh fact asleep well
guys here Holly look this year hey
auntie Amelia Bubba they all came to say
hey you mean Co - Coco - buzz look a
little out of it still alright getting
your seat buddy touch some Guinness you
they hate me now
all right we are walking through old
town just had some great lunch I think
about old town though is they have these
wooden walkways which are not very good
for the stroller so we have Mimi on head
control while the stroller goes over up
I just goes like yeah I was like ah
that's freaking me out
the eye is a beautiful day here in Old
Town Temecula so we're just enjoying the
weather and Saturday so all the cool
things are out right now
store eating some raspberries apples
oranges we've got full set of
raspberries here these are delicious
they actually came out of the fridge and
so I just rinsed them off and we've been
snacking on I was really really good at
actually updating I have an unhealthy
meal Rhys has like hot dogs and grilled
cheese and stuff like that so fresh
fruit it's good huh good doing it YUM
the whole thing on an Apple I just got
home we are bringing in some groceries
we definitely needed more groceries were
out of a lot of our main stuff and
always actually helping bring things in
look at you being a helper
you got the tissues good job I'm trying
to give him the light things yeah yeah
did you help daddy you want to help him
again huh go help daddy hurry Hey
he actually loves helping us he actually
just cleaned up his toy room for us and
then he picked up a few things around
here he's such a good boy like he really
just loves helping all right you guys
look at us we are all decked out and our
red and black onesies yeah you got jerk
huh he's very excited because we got him
a little dessert toy but yeah look at us
we're all matching even Finny's got his
red and black onesie on looks like cute
and comfy one that we're officially
getting from yeah we have we have
another one for him coming that really
matches ours perfectly but yeah cute the
family that onesies together Stace
and we have Missy's family over and
we're cooking dinner okay so you guys
know how we have these plaid onesies
right well yes well there is something
else to them
look what I got on Amazon you guys what
is that is that that as but no it's not
really my but it is I think but oh and I
have Missy's parents downstairs and my
tell them that I just went to the
bathroom in our new onesie and I use the
butt flap and that it worked really well
and then I'm gonna turn around show my
butt and see what they think you want to
go prank Mimi and Papa that's okay come
on so I just went to the bathroom in
this yeah we thought so Wow yeah their
reaction was like
when I was on it looked real yeah Oh
potty don't shoot don't shoot my part Oh
Jim hey Cassie what do you think of my
butt very nice looking it's a nice
looking but you guys Cassie thinks my
brother's mouth line and very edible but
Cassie saw me downstairs and you legit
but you saw my butt so confused I was
like is he actually walking around you
like walking outside and like I'm doing
we don't usually do it like all the time
just like wait today did you not feel
the breeze walking outside I'm like it's
cold out there huh
oh what's going on here but all that joy
oh yeah Holly put all of his Toy Story
toys in his onesies
there's Jessie that okay
it's not horse he said buzz this buzzes
buzz in there
the other way oh there's there we go
there bullseye and for those of you who
are really wondering yes it is a costume
accessory buttocks there it is and it's
just like a little foam piece with like
a elastic strap thing but yeah that was
quite funny hey Ally what are you
wearing
get out but robbaz it says time to power
down I think that is a really time and
look at this hair
he's got out of the shower all right
baby he ready go nice no no it's so late
though
no doesn't even don't leave he's going
to bed extra late but that's okay
because we got spend time with Mimi and
Papa huh can you see 19 to mama
Oh give me kiss I'm gonna put this kid
to bed we're gonna cuddle in bed for a
little bit okay ah all right guys give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
if you're wondering what song is playing
right now that's actually Finley's
lullaby and if you want to buy it we'll
have the links down below you can check
it out sound good
hey thumbs up thumbs up alright guys we
will see days tomorrow say bye
Oh from this hospital room where I see
you for the very first time and if you
ever see go I hope you'll always know
you
yeah these little
they don't know how heartbreaking
