fine has Rudolph's red nose reindeer
shake shake oh yeah
good morning guys Ollie and Papa are
puttin peanuts out on the banister out
there and see if we can catch a squirrel
or maybe the bird or something there you
go they like the whole peanuts they
don't like the crushed ones oh here they
come here they come
oh he got it
that was cool
good morning little Finny he is hanging
out by the fire getting all warm and
toasty didn't really like any closing
what don't be surprised it's okay it's
dead dad hi you see another one Ollie he
goes he's got the peanut and he's out
those are Blue Jays Maggie birdies he's
got like his own big natured television
on right now yeah papa showed you the
bird we got fresh biscuits and gravy on
the stove and I think we got a couple of
family members coming over time and hang
out for the day did you get a drink
Ollie
okay all he's eating his breakfast he's
got a biscuit and some grapes and juice
right
is it good you want aunty where is aunty
oh and she's taking a shower she'll be
out she's not going potty no he always
thinks sounds going potty huh she's got
another party a squirrel ah did he go
away that was a big one you guys that
was like one of the famous Idlewild gray
squirrels they're ginormous here oh whoa
Zep Luce it was crazy that's it that's
what we're trying to get that's a
squirrel there is big old squirrel you
guys yes it was ho ho find your shirt -
that's a really good sweater Cassie use
that forever 21
yes that's awesome mrs. Santa Claus and
she came out and all he broke out in an
accent he's like ah that's quite funny
look who's awake
it's my little pink bunny hi babe how'd
you sleep
as good as you can sleep with a newborn
babe
yeah you're not this is some gravy
though to heal the pain mmm Ollie it's
not a squirrel hunt right now in order
for them to come all I lift to a
squirrel call you wanna do the squirrel
call yeah okay yeah so take your hands
and go like this you go okay all right
now take your your pinky and go like
this like this hurry you'd be able to do
a squirrel call face no more yeah look
at mom look at mom she's gonna do a
squirrel call Eddie put up to your elf
you know really close to your mouth like
tema like this buddy yeah okay ready and
now you say squirrel - hey squirrel he
does not like your joke you guys we are
out on our porch looking out at this
amazing view it look like a painting
it looks like a painting you guys it's
so beautiful and crisp and cool out here
and we thought why don't we show you
what we're wearing today today me and
Cassie are both wearing our ugly
sweaters she got heard from forever21
and Scott mrs. and mr. Santa Claus on it
fine has Rudolph's red nose reindeer and
shake shake oh yeah jingle cute little
hats on I didn't feel like I needed a
hat but hers is like I know what I have
it on I'm not taking it it looks very
comfy I don't wanna go with mine just
has like a little bow on it and it just
covered my ears uh and then she's got
her are those like the boots
you know the ones I got from JCPenney
yeah they like fold over and there's her
but then you can fold them up okay yeah
we got a boots on and Missy show them
what's under your your pants this is I'm
wearing um what are these old thermals
and this is the only kind that would
come in their orange in pee it's like an
orange pink camouflage
it's pretty funny so always wearing a
little bit of a lighter shirt but he
also has a thermal shirt underneath and
he has a nice big jacket as well he's
got what are these wow that was a big
fart buddy
but are those on your feet but but yes
and then you've got just a regular pants
with thermal pants underneath as well
okay I have my big jacket on just a
normal t-shirt underneath and then I
have jeans with my thermals on and I
look at also have real boots boots boots
super comfortable and I had to pick them
up on the way here cuz I only have
tennis shoes yeah
um and then I have this really cool
beanie and it's a little fuzzy ball on
it this is from forever 21
men's yes - we picked it out the other
day we got fin all bundled up and he is
not liking pudding being putting this
thing like doing what are you doing you
look so cute so don't cry alright it is
quite a feat when we got the whole
family out of the cabin and now we are
walking down they have a lot of really
cool booths set up and so we're just
gonna walk through the town and
and later on tonight they're going to be
lighting this ginormous tree it's full
of Christmas lights they do a big
Christmas tree lighting and then we all
hold hands and sing around it right like
in the Grinch the Grinch in you
available one thing you have to know
about Idyllwild they have a dog it's the
mayor dolly that's mayor max yeah we
found the mayor mayor hey mayor max hey
pet him how's it going good good buddy
Wow you've gotten big haven't you good
to see you guys good to see you guys I
know he's so big now I remember when you
were a puppy like I was just a little
mayor puppy huh it is ty yeah for walk
hey yo man my god they both got big huh
he's making a declaration to the crown
everyone listen up
let's go get a sucker at the candy store
buddy
hold my hand he's silly okay we're gonna
go you're walking into the candy store
yeah go pick one out buddy yeah you want
that one smallest candy shop ever been a
ballbreaker
I don't think I should give him one of
those
all right it is at lunchtime and we're
at the gastronome but which was actually
a really really yummy place in Idlewild
my dad we thought it was the gastric
dome it was the copper dome because they
have known is everywhere hey that's me
buddy
I just realized that yeah um bayaud they
have really done the scrutiny my mom are
splittin a French Dip and all he's got
this new chicken is it good good got
well Christy and Jeff and by the way if
you guys haven't checked out his channel
they're actually walking all day today
to really fun there will be in it well
situation check out the link down below
go subscribe and hang out with them over
in their Channel
look how pretty that is babe so pretty
much blessed Christmas tree ever
I know so pretty one that big
yes we could have definitely I love you
me so I can't believe Holly slept
through quick he's so tired you guys
you
you
again Holly all ready for bed hey Olli
can you tell us what you did today you
hung out with auntie and Papa did you we
see the tree thank you
you didn't see the tree you were
sleeping and did you get a sucker yeah
okay do you remember seeing the doggy
yeah it's fine huh can I do this what
else did you do three pegs huh what hey
Jenny nine seven seven nine
okay you see good buddy
you saw birdie yes we did see Blue Jays
and then to end our night what did you
watch KKK mega mega minions is a family
huh hey no you go get back okay baby
uh-huh show Angie's present you got
right there what is that I got a little
gun yeah okay
yeah and Auntie made it so doesn't make
no noise oh no she did open it she
opened it you got a dinosaur toy too huh
you like the dinosaurs okay yay oh yeah
that was really good I love you buddy I
had so much fun with you Oh can you give
us a hug can you guys a big family hug
big family hug we ate did your family
excluding Finley yeah
cuddling Mimi all right guys we're gonna
go out and end today's vlog but we had a
blast up here in the Idlewild cabin I
hope you guys are having fun watching
these two
we're not leaving just yet we have some
fun stuff still in store yeah time to
relax the family and stuff anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog if you did
be sure to give it a big thumbs up check
out all those links in the description
leave a friendly comment subscribe all
that fun stuff
thank you for watching we'll see ya and
yeah I'll you know what to say say bye
is home in the
good horn attack
can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
