it's actually snowy I actually cry don't
cry babe
happy that it's actually snowing like
it's getting on the car look at this I
can make a really low no but it melted
we're going on a trip for my favorite
rocketship racing through the sky Little
Einsteins should we take you with us on
our special trip
hello guys how's it going oh look I got
my little my little elf I believe that
is the correct way yes momma's an elf
huh you want to wear it
that's his hat Missy how dare you yeah
it's the only hat he ever wears Wow
we should definitely take that in the
Santa hat look at my boys oh he's all
dressed for the mountains where we going
hey the North Pole yes that is right
ladies and gentlemen we are headed to
the North Pole to go see Santa for the
weekend we are so excited we heard it's
snowing and it's beautiful crisp we got
all the bags packed with tons of warm
clothes and we're bringing blankies and
board games and all kinds of stuff and
you guys look at this I finished
installing all the cameras around the
house and Ollie has been having a blast
so so there's a camera right there okay
and it's on our TV this is using the app
for the Apple TV and all I can see
himself good do you see yourself on that
look at this though you guys we got the
entire house on lockdown we got cameras
everywhere ha it's not cool Ollie
so while we are at our cabin at the
North Pole
we are going to be cooking a turkey so
we've been defrosting this one in our
tub all night
looks like oli threw a little minion in
there and magic wand so we know the
turkeys nice and magical you know how
when you say it's one else's house for
Thanksgiving you don't get any leftovers
so we're kind of buff so we're like yeah
we're definitely make our own turkey
dinner come on give it all Turkey done
hey all y'all ready for the mountains
say thumbs up we're gonna go see Santa
Claus at the North pool pull oh Pole the
North Pole you can see Santa we can say
that with you say that's is Merry
Christmas we got the car packed to the
brim Missy aren't you thankful that we
got a bigger car yeah
don't wish we had an even bigger car
yeah I'm kind of at this point yeah it
come in really handy I know we're gonna
go see auntie and everyone okay thumbs
up if you're ready let's go
all right we are headed up the mountain
and I'm so excited well I want this to
be a tradition but apparently we missed
last share her I forgot we miss luster
definitely like a place that's kind of
like close to my heart we always went
when we were kids to this place and this
is actually where my mom grew up as well
and so this year we're actually taking
my family so my dad and mom and brother
and sister all headed up there as well
and they're actually ahead of us and
they said it's snowing right now which
I'm so excited it's snowing or flurry oh
my gosh it is missing coconut you see
it's so excited I have been watching the
weather app on my phone every day for
like the past two weeks and every day
it'll like change you'll be like oh it's
gonna snow when you're there then
they'll say it's not gonna snow and it's
gonna snow it actually on my mother up
right now doesn't even say it's snowing
and I mean I guess I don't know if I
technically sir it's blurring but it's
still really exciting and I'm so I just
I hope it could stick it would be so
much fun if we can wake up just a little
bit of snow in the morning like the be
so exciting look at this man we're like
fine our cabin look at this road this is
so awesome so pretty all it leaves and
we definitely miss out on a lot of
winter stuff by living in Southern
California I know it were an hour from
it where we made it you guys this is our
cabin come pretty it is that's like a
cabin been that is a nice carving and
look at the snow snow
if the family they're already in there
it's actually noe I believe actually cry
don't cry babe so happy that it's
actually snowing like it's getting on
the car look at it I can make a really
slope no it melted I didn't make it no
okay
I'm very excited look at that Holly what
is that yeah
Gazi it's snowing this is amazing look
at this cabin this place looks so legit
yes this is fantastic
no in fact like five years yeah I open
the door yes
it's pretty oh yes it is very pretty
Buddy Holly it's snowing dude is that
Mimi go get Mimi go get her go go go
this is our home for the next couple of
days how is that have you already scoped
it out there's bedrooms downstairs of
the master up here okay right there look
at this buddy it is cold
come on look hmm
look at this view you guys oh my god
this is the ghost
yeah Olly will not come outside it's
cold maybe he'll wear his beanie and
then want to go outside
all right so Missy's gonna show off the
cabin that we're staying in
 cool we're gonna cook in here
tonight is a dining room hey so just
nothing stress all right cool they're
here yeah and this is the living room
all open ceilings look at that with the
windows down we have a TV and we brought
the Apple TVs
oh is it is it an HD oh yeah yeah cool
and Jim are you making a fire cool beans
burn so then this goes into master is
this where we're gonna stay oh good yeah
cool big bad which goes out to a porch a
nice big bathroom with a big toilet a
shower cool normally every time we've
stated Idlewild we've always done like a
hotel cabin type thing this is an actual
cabin that you rent which i think is
pretty cool so we got a closet here
what's here this looks like a closet in
the bedroom yeah this is where the Wi-Fi
is so this might be where I'm editing so
we're thinking Ollie could probably
sleep here we brought his railing too
long just in case look at these huge
pine cones
seriously okay I have a really big head
you guys I'm going to compare this
pinecone to my head it's as big as my
head I'll and they freaking hurt don't
touch the Missy okay so we're going down
some steps all they look at the raccoons
remember when you got to hold that one
raccoon alright got a washer and dryer
which is great we have kids
oh another seating room oh well and a
table even clean bed apparently they
might keep dead bodies in here we're not
sure what's going on there's another
patio out here yeah what uh-huh Wow look
at it coming down out there pine tree I
know it's so crazy it like literally
just started snowing like crazy yes
that's so cool it just started cool
another little seating area
downstairs bathroom another room yeah
well so we'll sleep upstairs and one
down sleep in one of these rooms and go
this is so nice
I'm like so happy right now this is such
a beautiful place
I'm really glad we chose this one I like
well yeah it's good
is he eating snowflakes how is it
beautiful Wow look at that view
no because I'm worried so bad God give
us no no what is my love no this is
crazy here yeah this is fantastic
picture but it's so much is snowing so
much I can't get a pic here
those are huge snowflakes we're gonna
put on a hat so you stay warm okay buddy
ham is gone cold let me see you turn
around oh my gosh you're way a hot
mittens
there's your glove you look so cute
buddy
I remember at my manscaping you have
good thank you and I got Leo it's very
cold so Leo needed a jacket too is you'd
wear that
yes it's fur-lined oh my god it was $10
god dammit Petsmart that is awesome
we are bundling up little Finny here as
well hey buddy can you move oh that's
adorable he did so good on the ride here
- he didn't fuss or cry at all hi buddy
like I left you I died over firm eight
years you never put once put me in a
jacket go see mom like as a hat just
automatically go all right we're all
gonna run outside and see Ben get a
picture in the snow in front of the
cabin yeah we're not gonna look at that
and it's stilling that's so cool he
smile see jeez what a spin
think about the snow coming on my face
look at that buddy oli oli oli had this
hat I think in Iowa yeah he wore that
for our photos our winter photos we did
that's awesome I got a snowball sorry
you throw a snowball at your brother I
still honestly am like kind of in
disbelief about this you guys this is
insane
oh that is cold that is cold good job
buddy high-five
are you loving the snow Oh your gloves
are soaking wet
you
it's Missy just unpacked into the closet
let me know in the comments if this is
something you guys do when you stay at
places but Missy and I like to unpack so
you don't to worry about our stupid
suitcases it's kind of just move in you
know make it your own
yes but look at this this is our room I
got this cool little chair and I'm just
sitting here admiring the view that I
love it hey Ollie what's up mama socks
DCM sit peas in a pod look at Rosie's
socks you guys happy just Rolly peas in
a pod
fishy ones too easy always sees my feet
we got an Alf running around here it
also smells amazing in this cabin right
now you guys because we got a turkey
cook it
Oh hear sizzling I don't know if I was
to open that but it smells amazing
you're just enjoying this it's just so
cool look at Cassie you getting
comfortable is this amazing it's so cool
I love this place
you
check this out yes Thanksgiving part 2
we just made a full Thanksgiving dinner
a huge turkey mashed potatoes stuffing
rolls let's be honest give credit where
credit's due we didn't we didn't know -
my mom does the best turkeys every year
she's like a genius at it's like the
perfect of moistness and not too dry
we're really excited for this weekend
but anyways I'm gonna go ahead and end
the vlog because we're just going to
hang out with each other and spend time
together so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video give it a thumbs up every
Wednesday thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
say bye bye
this is home
in the fridge
holding attack is enough
I'd say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
