you see you can drilling a little
caba√±as right there good morning say
horny Frank but not by say good morning
he was like so confused hmm good mor
yeah yeah Olly read so silly to say hi
we have a somewhat of a busy day ahead
of us it is the day before Thanksgiving
so a lot to do and I was hoping that
most of the things I had to do we're
just going to be at home and like baking
and stuff but I have a few things I got
to do outside the house so we're
starting our day as early as we can so
that we can get out of the house and get
going so that we're not running out of
daylight too soon I'm actually starting
off with a load of laundry I got all
this folded good morning guys we are
over at Mema and Poppa's because the
dream mimi Papa Park has started it
looks so much bigger now that like
bushes are out
yeah so they tore out all those bushes
trim those trees up we're removed in
that tree over there very I'm into olena
climbing yeah and that's a good one it's
so cool it's like officially begun now
this is awesome I can't wait to see this
space when I started yesterday so
I mean that's a lot but they got done in
one day look at him walking around in
his mittens you love your mitten show me
your mittens yeah
man
and oh and you have a minion there yes
you do
there you go can you drop me me is that
auntie
all right draw Dada Dada Dada dad's
right there and where's mama ja mama
right there there's mama there we go out
to breakfast with my little dude he's
coloring on the table because this place
can be like that and all these little
scribbles are all family members he drew
them all spitting image you see not a
hair appointment and we were out so I
dropped her off and we were pretty much
starving so we're getting some breakfast
now did you drop your minion again
where's you dropped it again in the same
plate okay come on let's find another
one there's some over here dude see
another one jump Missy where did he
learn to do this cuz I never taught him
to jump in water puddles but it rained
pretty hard last night we just got our
breakfast and he is running around this
place looking for but yes it's a puddle
you can't jump in that one okay oh you
want that who wants that one Oh
jump oh there you go here's the Fitch
guys we are now at the mall because we
had to get hit great farm stuff
Thanksgiving we another girl
and apparently Cassie is here also with
a boy right so we're going to track her
down and spy on them
where's the say she's at sets plane
three minutes ago she was where I think
20 mins ago she was here so I think
she's here now
Oh a Jamie okay and see Ollie also
decided this was a great time to take
his nap look at him all bundled up in
there he looks so comfy actually oh he
might be waking up now is this one
napping - yep he's asleep oMG you guys
we spotted them look Cassie is at the
mall with a boy
don't touch him don't touch him
what do you think about that Missy
seeing your sister at the mall with a
boy I mean it makes me very
uncomfortable
it's so weird it's still like little
Cassie they're good friends right now
they're not like dating yes yes Cassie
is a smart girl
it's just weird seeing her grow we see
you can growing a little cuz Hannah's
right there I know oh you just woke up
hi you want to see Santa Claus
say ho ho ho he's too tired for that
wave to Santa what do you want for
christmas minions the relic of real life
he's like to do my bidding they're
holding hands you guys get a picture of
that spotted them again
Oh looks like they're gonna get a little
smoothie interesting I think they're
going to share one they're getting a
smoothie now oh just a sample are you
taking pictures for your mom we're like
an ultimate spy mode right now you guys
it's just too much fun are we bad people
oh look at she's looking behind her
she's like I think someone's watching us
yeah I think so too let's just keep
walking you didn't want me to stop but
it's too much fun okay we're done spying
on them that was too much fun though
they are going to see the good dinosaur
and I'm very jealous cuz I wanted to
take Ollie to go see that should we
crash their movie no come on little Finn
is having tummy time yeah my dad he's
getting so big as of yesterday he is a
month old 1 month 30 days you don't need
all 112 of the year
seriously this month went so fast I
barely remember everything that happened
because I feel like we barely slowed
down and stuff so I think that we need
to slow down more because it went too
fast
he's like kicking his legs what do you
think you're gonna do fly ready for the
swimming pool yeah a lot of people ask
us if Finn is gonna be in swim at 6
months just like Ollie and he will be
that's at least the plan among other
things to put Oliver in - yes like I'd
love to do soccer gymnastics or
something yeah when he's actually on a
list for gymnastics
yes very popular out here so yeah
hopefully really soon he'll be doing
gymnastic who he loves to like jump and
tumble and roll and I just think that
would be really fun to be just getting
do something that gets energy out plus
help you with other kids and those kind
of fun can you go get your brother a hug
and a kiss
good job
Missy is on that Depp game Missy is on
that Deb game dipping them peanut butter
balls oh yeah look at that look at that
chocolate yeah you ain't even ready for
that yo you ain't even ready for that we
are dipping PMML see this happening
mixing it second step
rolling them now we're dipping they're
not like super beautiful but I don't
know I've seen a lot of people's
pictures of the pair balls make sure you
put them in the fridge and they're hard
when you roll them and then put them in
the fruit in the freezer you one first
peanut butter ball this season I am
putting a vertical cool all we got all
these like yeah I'm on that game ah show
Astro daddy how much how good it is with
the band and guess who else is here
you tell them that we basically stopped
but not really we have some really funny
but been really enjoying but I've been
begging my dad to come and he's off
today alright guys we just got out of
dinner now we're doing something really
cool what are we doing three crazy
mystery a real Christmas tree the places
on the sides of the road just started
doing them so we're gonna go in right
now on the lot and go winner say ho ho
ho
this is our trees no it's not I think no
one's gonna get put the star I see
especially not this finish yeah
ginormous Gazoo tree ever
yeah I wanna know why why I'm good Brian
too big yes all yummy that would be the
entire room yeah
you
you
so much Christmas Joel it's a big tree
Brian look at this look at it it's so
pretty
this is a symmetry in the house what do
you think you bet - say what
why you're gonna do away right I like it
a lot
it's so perfect it looks fake he we got
rid of all these slides
hopefully just for the Christmas holiday
just cuz obviously we needed room for a
treat um but it actually takes up a lot
of space
he really does enjoy it so hopefully he
doesn't miss it too much but he's got
tons of toys bill so it's not too big we
do but I think this is awesome now he's
got a Christmas tree in his playing
playroom what are you doing
I remember being young and like playing
with my toys under the Christmas yeah I
love the way it smells
mm-hmm I can have my money back yeah I
feel like we're gonna need to get like a
train for him to go around the Train
that'd be cool it's time for you to put
the first ornament on the tree
we'll make it be sheriff woody okay go
put it on the tree good you did it good
job dude it's perfect leave it there do
you wanna put it up higher a little bit
he even knows to put the little loop
through the branch that's amazing yeah
high-five Oh give me a hug I love you oh
I'm so excited to have Christmas you
suck cyber Christmas are you so excited
for Christmas without a laugh you guys
are watching this on Thanksgiving so
Happy Thanksgiving
tomorrow we are going over to a family's
house and have a big Thanksgiving dinner
there it's gonna be tons of fun so don't
miss tomorrow's vlog go ahead and that's
yeah you guys stick make sure to give
today's vlog a big thumbs up leave a
comment subscribe going out the tree
with a bat now there's actually some
dead needles in there so that's super
helpful thank you for helping out there
you go get them get them get them there
we go can you say bye
in the face
Hornets
I'd say it
I am home
and
that's where I wanna be
