people think that when you decorate for
Christmas that you forget about
Thanksgiving we do not forget about
Thanksgiving we love Thanksgiving we
also like to look at Christmas
decorations during Thanksgiving yes
grant over good morning guys we are at
Swim School we are headed back to swim
all are you excited yeah we took a
little break from swim he's been in swim
since he was about six months old but we
took a break during the summer because
we were doing a ton of traveling and I
actually was doing classes at the house
but then things just got really hectic
and it was just like okay I need a break
so we're back at the Swim School and
we're gonna go back to guppy classes
where I swimming with him because he's
still a little bit afraid to like be
away from me
so we're going to try this to like ease
him back into it and hopefully we can go
back to like some private classes I'm
excited to see how he does it should be
fun all right always in swimsuit you
excited okay so we hate kick yeah and
how do you do your hands do arms yeah
good job and fins over there sleeping
away what
he's nine now yeah he likes to sleep a
lot huh all right you ready all right
you guys here we go I am on my way to
the studio this should be the last time
in the studio and I know I said that
last time but this officially should be
the last time I'm in the studio for the
like a lion EP pre-order starts next
month get excited I'm really excited as
you guys can tell yeah I just drove
through the mountains an amount of
traffic and I am almost there and I'm
really excited I'm working on one track
today it's a really cool dance track I
wrote on the airplane while we were
headed to vlogger fair and I I love this
song it's just it's got a really cool
energy really cool vibe to it I recorded
this a month or two ago and there are a
couple parts that I would like to
rerecord because I think I can do better
so that's what I'm doing today going
back in the studio gonna see if I can
get this thing to my standards and then
hopefully it should all be done I also
worked on like the physical packaging of
the album because we are gonna have a
limited number of physical copies of the
epe available and the design is looking
quite fresh it
I'm a pretty cool stuff all be revealed
very soon even know what that guy I'm
talking about I'm releasing an EP which
is kind of like a mini album there'll be
five songs on it pre-order will start
next month and then it will be available
in January I've been working on this for
six months now if you guys been watching
these vlogs for a while you know I've
been working on this for a very very
long time you guys remember when Jared
and Rochelle came to visit we were
writing songs then and like
brainstorming and throwing out ideas for
songs and it kind of evolved into this
passion project of mine for six months
now so it's exciting to see it come to a
close
got home from swim oli did you enjoy
swim with me me did you like swimming
with your teacher he's getting ready to
take a nap and you know what he did
pretty good I'm still not sure if I want
to stick him in private class but do it
with him because the guppy class
definitely seemed like he was like I
don't want to sing I don't want to do
this I want to actually swim he wanted
to really like do things so I haven't
really decided whether I'm gonna do
private or do like the with other kids
type of class but I might be this a nice
transition to get them introduced back
into it all come but now he's gonna take
a little nap K where's oli oli where do
you buy hey guess what you're gonna take
a nap and then we're gonna hang out okay
I love you no no yep don't you move
alright okay you sleep good all right so
you cut baby all he's taking a nap and
little Finn here he's just hanging out
with Mama he was sleeping but he woke up
as usual he looks so cute though
I've got him in this three-month outfit
which is pretty big for him he's
definitely has room to grow but I was
like it's not like he's gonna trip on
them his little fee so actually if it's
pretty good especially in the arms and
chest you like this outfit you smiling
he's waving and stretching look what we
found you guys
yeah look at that Karma hey Sheriff
Woody yeah who's that woody
yeah the woody upstairs is broken and
I've been waiting for them to restock
this one at Target it's like a glass one
it's like a different style so I liked
it but we just got back from Target had
to get a couple of things for
Thanksgiving what got a cool hwhip
it's funny because people think that
when you decorate for Christmas that you
forget about Thanksgiving we do not
forget about Thanksgiving we love
Thanksgiving we also like to look at
Christmas decorations during
Thanksgiving yes grants over I've been
at the studio though and we just got
back I met Missy of target so we had to
go do some things she's I've been doing
pretty good though with the kids yeah
yeah and stuff that is how you get
things done
I don't say if you have two kids you
need an Ergo and a wrap and you to
introdu although I mean yeah my
shoulders are kind of killing me my back
doesn't hurt my shoulders hurt so it
probably won't last much longer than
that
okay it's the most wonderful time of the
rolling peanut butter time right buddy
yeah art it's not good it is a ball yeah
you know how Missy made all that peanut
butter mixture now she's rolling them
into tiny little balls hoping to get
lots and lots yeah just the beginning
this is only the beginning
you wanna try and then after she gets
them all rolled she did something and
then cools of that neck doll a shot yeah
it's um how was it good there you have
it you guys from the cutest little food
critic himself he says they're good my
buddy how's it going doing good hanging
out with Eddie Oh Carmen was to join the
fun
Carmen you want to join the fun come on
on a roll one for Mama
oh okay these hands I know okay there
you go
roll it up into a ball let's see it oh
that's pretty good
it's cute say hi Lucy what is that alley
cat is it a kitty okay be my face
anyways for Sara she's showing ollie
he's obsessive that show they cut your
mitten a poly who the cat has means and
you have mittens you just found the
mittens and he started he was so excited
maybe with him on him anyway
Lucy we should have a cat named Luce yep
our first kitty we got a cat named Lucy
she was the sweetest guy ever he's
loving this Haley yeah the minion show
is now on iTunes the official minion
shell so he's watching a little bit and
hanging out and then with us before he's
got to go to bed yeah I just got off a
call with my sister and we're trying to
figure out a good way in a good time to
hang out with her and my mom for
Christmas because they both have yet to
meet Finlay so not a lot of you guys
been asking when they're gonna meet him
I think we're gonna try and do it before
Christmas it should be pretty cool cuz I
my family will get to me Finity do you
love minions do you love minions more
than dead uh no good good answer yeah
you want me to lay with you I know I
can't though you'll never go to sleep
get in this kid situated for bed you got
your blankie yes he still uses his green
monkey blanket doesn't know that the
original disappeared and this is a copy
so Shh I don't think he understood that
what no I can't wait he wants me to lay
right there I can't lay right there I
got a goal I know you are up way too
late you need to go night-night okay
okay you may kiss goodnight mmm
close your eyes
alright guys it is a time once again I
am hoping this guy will actually sleep
for me tonight he actually did pretty
good last night but I swear that what
happens is every other night one nights
good one nights bad so I'm hoping that
tonight isn't gonna be too bad but I can
already tell he's foot putting up a
little bit of fight and not wanting to
go to sleep oh I saw it yawn I saw it
you're going to bed anyways we have
friends on and we are gonna go to bed my
favorite thing sleep so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video give it a thumbs
up if you did almost see you guys
tomorrow
ha
in the fridge
Hornets are
I am
and that's where I wanna be
