okay oh he's like this is baby sushi
sushi baby
good morning guys it is a beautiful
Sunday morning and I am attempting to do
my hair I've got one side done and
actually the other day I was on a time
crunch and I literally only got one side
of my hair curled and the other side was
like kind of just like frizzed out and
stuff and I was like well just go in a
ponytail and literally half the ponytail
was curled and the other half wasn't but
I've got thing here and I'm just I'm not
on a time crunch so I can take time and
like nursing if he needs to be nursed or
hold or if he needs to be held even
though it takes me a lot longer to do my
hair at least I get it done I'm actually
planning on doing a few videos today so
hopefully I can get those done since I
don't really have a lot of other plans
today can take breaks and we can do
whatever you want to do that sound good
look at you looking over at me you just
heard my voice and you looked over that
was cute you're just getting more and
more aware aren't you
holy what else you got in there let me
see what you got that's a vacuum it's
not a gun oh yeah good morning how's it
going guys Holly in Finn's room he likes
to climb in his crib don't you yeah oh
you want me to go in the crib oh I can't
go in the crib buddy I can't fit I'm a
big guy you're a little guy today Ollie
and I are doing something really cool
you want to tell him who we're gonna
meet today yet we're gonna meet Shrek
that's right daddy
do you like donkey what do you oh you're
looking at the bunnies hey you want to
play with Peter Rabbit you can play with
Peter Rabbit hey no you want this one
okay
you want his girlfriend actually our
friend Maddie faith is playing in a
little off-broadway production of Shrek
the musical and she is the dragon which
i think is really cool he got us three
seats so I'm taking ante and oli and
we're gonna go watch the show today and
I think they're gonna arrange a little
meeting for Olli in Shrek because all I
really like shark fin II poo are you
getting all dressed for the day yeah
he's got a fancy for his video outfit
looks cute and you can't write any pants
that match but this'll work
yeah like it outfit yeah you did not
like to see Finn naked because you've
got that umbilical cord still and you
know how unlike how it doesn't hurt
oh yeah you're such a good big brother
here you want to play with these okay oh
he's like this is baby sushi Oh sushi
baby waiting Brown uh yeah that's the
only thing I've got that even comes
close to actually matching yeah Brown
works are y'all ready you're ever gonna
go we're gonna go get aunty and then who
we gonna go see are you so excited you
just woke up naturally like yeah uh
first rack alright to go yeah outfit of
the night do you guys look very snazzy
really good yeah you do oh you look cute
buddy alright there we go aunty and then
ready go to Shrek I'm gonna stay here
yeah I'm really sad about it give mom a
hug don't really want dad I love you I
hope you have fun you're gonna have so
much fun brian is on strict orders to
vlog like the entire thing because I
don't want to miss one second of his
face yeah hey guys long time knows what
it
and keeping that in no you're not okay
hey guys long time no vlog I'm making
our catch my yelling you're kind of
yelling okay hi guys so we're headed to
go see Shrek which on the rider I told
you guys were no see Shrek cuz I'm
Maddie's in it all he's super excited
all day where we going
where does he shrank he's been yelling
Shrek the entire time he's so excited
see I were headed there right now it's
actually Shrek the musical they're
pretty cool super underdress I didn't
get the memo and Brian's wearing like I
just wore collared shirts and nice pants
and I just have like a plaid sweater
done so I didn't know apparently I'm
gonna be super runs or underdressed
there while the daddy is out the mommy
will play Holi it's okay buddy
who is that that's Shrek we are here at
the theater with Maddie she's playing
the dragon and we're backstage and Olly
is now seeing Shrek for the first time
come here buddy
look at you dude who is that
that's shirt you give my fight yeah
job does he look good yeah daddy say
where's donkey dude I'm loving the ears
that's awesome oh we got donkey - hello
donkey that's donkey can you say hi
donkey get my fight get donkey I fight
it's okay I'm right here I don't like
you selling their bed all right we also
have Lord Farquaad here with a little
leg how did so how do you do it
what get to be on your knees all crying
on my knees do I mention run around can
you recommend me to do a kid I see sure
oh that's incredible
Cassie I would say he's still a little
bit taller than you yes because looking
good Lord Farquaad
yeah let's let go truck is getting this
no specs okay see how Michelle is giving
us a little behind the scenes to her
action and these are all characters too
war say hi check out Ali's Shrek ears
you guys he's actually wearing them
that's crazy
he doesn't like anything on his head you
are are you funny
that was scary buddy they're causing
all he's running around backstage Maddie
you did so good you were seriously like
a dragon diva and that head thing that
they have is amazing that was cool yeah
Ali's causing trouble backstage smile
look at those lips I love the lips that
thing's incredible good job dragon whoa
her eyes light up
you see mama yep we are walking out of
the musical had so much fun seriously
had such a blast and Maddie was so good
as the dragon everyone was so good it
was really cool to see but a lot of
people knew me and Holly and so we're
backstage basically taking pictures with
everyone that was fun too and he's still
wearing the ears which is amazing lucky
very lucky what you're Shrek yes you are
holly is so excited to see mama aria
shrek is cute cailee I know he loves
them so badly on him did you so much fun
watching Shrek
yeah I have a high one of you babies
with the baseball yeah you want to hold
down yeah oh you can do it good job
you and get miss pinky right here kinder
pinky good job oh nice you're holding
your buddy here burp say squeeze you
Haley really want didn't take the binky
he actually asked the holder has Holden
that's a cute it's bedtime with woody in
who many minions oh yeah you got minions
and woody in there huh apparently he's
excited to go to bed
I got Finn here and we are putting Olly
to bed together huh he's in the pod
yeah oh I love you so much
hey okay me me me me alright go climb
into bed someone I can climb in with you
and Papa and uncle get in the vault keep
a down
out the video alright guys we're gonna
go to bed
we're tired are you tired i'm tahni I'm
tired alright and that's been cute he's
tired - it's been tired
alright guys give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and oh by the way
thank you for all the thumbs up
yesterday's video it was crazy we got
tons of thumbs up so thank you everyone
who pitched in yeah are you trapped and
you are crying okay guys we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
in the fridge
whore you talking
I'd say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
