oh my gosh are you okay okay good okay
has everything oh happy birthday
what'd you say Oh last night the
flashlights in his cereal this one
oh good morning guys we are over at me
and Papas cuz it's Papa's birthday and
we were gonna do breakfast but now it's
like kind of late in the day so we just
brought over like some breakfast Heiko -
good morning he's got his ugly sweater
on me me and Finn are watching YouTube
together Jerry didn't used to watch
YouTube with Ollie all the time yeah
remember mornings with Ollie okay watch
the vlogs and all the kids go relax you
just chill with me it looks like it's
about to fall asleep
alright so we just left Mimi and Papa's
and we just did something that was kind
of a miracle
we put Ollie to bed in auntie's bed
so he's taking a nap right now in
auntie's bed which is kind of crazy
because we've never just put him to bed
in someone else's bed but he actually
did really good really had to tell him
to go back to bed like once or twice or
we're gonna run to Target and just grab
some cake for Papa but it's kind of cool
that we just totally got alway to sleep
he's such a good kid we're struggling
you guys do we get scented trash bags or
plain trash bags to roll if you struggle
you get if you get like too strong trash
bags then your trash smells like nasty
smelly flowers yeah it is really good
they have a fresh vanilla you don't like
the fresh yeah we'll go with the basic
you have to commit to 60 bags that's
true
that's triple misses do you remember
what it's like it's only have one kid
it's so different it is so different
cause we're like we're just you get to
relax a little bit but yeah Finn's doing
really good in here say - sorry he's
kind of rude just grabbing a couple of
birthday things so we can make Papa's
birthday cake and check this out you
guys you may have noticed that I am
wearing a red and black plaid flannel
but look what I did with my watch - you
guys it matches how cool is that
since ollie is napping he can't decide
what he wants to get papa for his
birthday so we are kind of making an
executive decision and going with
monster trucks and I think we've decided
on this big one it's got four-wheel
drive you can write it in the backyard
when it's all bumpy and dirty
don't be silly now it's not except yet
so this is perfect honestly I think this
would be super fun for only till I get
to give papa again yeah still be like a
fun gift that they can play this
together papa
yeah we like thank you good morning
buddy
did you have a good in half and antes
room you've got crazy bedhead
Oh Mike Isaac hi I'm an empty set is
that was that auntie's bed yeah so that
was a little frustrating he kept waking
up and he got ahold of marker I don't
know we don't know where the other I
don't know with ma Cruz
I'm sorry Ghazi I'll get you new bedding
if it doesn't come out holly was kind of
crazy is it really bad down there
anywhere you got in your jewelry yeah
successful as we thought look what you
got for Papa oh gosh a from room so this
is what you got papa
funny story as we were leaving at Target
my mom's like so dad wants to get a
pickup a couple of remote control cards
and go um you know play with them some
word you have any ideas and I was like
oh my gosh so um I think my dad's coming
excited that is present yeah okay you're
gonna give it to him kay you guys say
happy birthday papa
yeah take it big papa all right go take
it to Papa
oh you're okay just keep going keep
going keep watching someone that I like
they say happy birthday papa
what
the big old car oh man look at that car
hey open it oh we figured you and Olli
would have tons of fun with those hmm
that thing is a beast what is it ollie
these things are cool you guys and look
at this I just noticed this one has a
little shovel on the side you know in
case it gets stuck you can dig yourself
out yeah these are pretty dump this one
you like it you rock it this is what
happens when misty makes chocolate cake
they all just eat it like soup look at
them swarm Suzanne hi they're swarming
over not me this is him yeah I want to
try it Finley only like wins like it is
not chicken yogi soup you guys good
might as well be okay and he's been
spitting like this for like a long time
oh my god I'm dizzy just watching you
guys are you okay okay good
Ghazi ran over him freaked out but like
those kind of great Imam God is still
Papa's birthday and he said he really
wanted to go to this place called
Lucille's we've actually been there a
couple times more couple weeks but he
was really craving that so we were
headed to dinner all are you excited to
go to dinner and thank me happy birthday
to Papa
it is also actually CJ's birthday and we
just sent a message I think he said CJ
we just sent him a little happy birthday
message and smells like say happy
birthday CJ and he said it so I think
this one he was saying we sing happy
birthday
there's his song all right we got Fred
Flintstone over here not like desi
carnivore college friend oh god yeah
thank you planning on sharing going on
everyone's getting their food always got
a delicious grilled cheese in watermelon
we got him a bib that says I love ribs
he is a happy camper that's fantastic
those look so good I got like a holiday
turkey sandwich thing which is also
pretty good and Finley was good the
entire time but yeah this he got dinner
and he's like oh yeah my turn
he's gonna sing a solo 30 and he be
happy birthday hey baby
no because Dean has been good happy
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear happy birthday
and what out cut the cake now you guys
gonna look at this cake but Missy made
it is pretty dang good
yes it's lopsided and yeah it could
possibly fall at any time but look you
got the blue little pearls the swirlix
troll you did the swirly swirly then how
do you think she went all out for you
Jim
alright guys is the end of the night we
had a super fun day celebrating Papa's
birthday hey happy birthday
hey we're go ahead and end the vlog so
everyone give the video thumbs up if you
enjoyed it a thumbs up done dad oh yeah
oh is that so oh we get it we got thumbs
up
all right we'll see you guys tomorrow
this is home in the beer
good horn guitar
can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
