No he wanted to get soggy alright hey
you - hey sit good morning Bobby solder
does not today and I'm still wearing
gladder does you're headed to lunch with
the fam we've been having just a fun
nice little Saturday relaxing hanging
out with everyone and we're all starving
now so that this kid is getting heavier
yeah I know I can't even carry it no
pounds now
he was like 11 at the last appointment I
say let me tell you about that he's so
big yeah he's really big
I can really carry it he's literally
almost walking you guys I set him on his
legs I didn't get it on camera but I I
set him up on his legs and he stood
there yeah thank you so we just got all
of food and one of the reasons why Missy
and I are so perfect together
is because she does not like whipped
cream or cherry so whenever she wants to
shape a shake
I always get the cherry and I get to eat
all of the whipped cream off please eat
it that's pretty convenient right yeah
who's it like whipped cream that's the
weirdest thing it's just been a he's
like run mysteries what no it's like
creamy yummy
I think about that - my sugary goodness
she's being so cute with Papa look at
that
hi hey buddy
we waste about yeah he's stealing our
baby right now
wait he's really leaving oMG you guys
look poster for Zoolander - that's crazy
what you shut your mouth it was the best
Missy has dragged me to the mall to go
shopping because she needs warm clothes
I guess I don't know it's a little odd
look at forever 21 has all those like
ugly sweater things yeah but we're gonna
be doing a lot of things that involve
cold winter weather so oh that's cool
says hohoho Oh sister drama coming out
here an F 21 now I'm sorry I can't I
can't do it hang on yeah I got you love
this yeah weird yeah they're shopping
for some warm clothes it's actually one
of the hottest skis that we've had in
November in California today and they're
shopping for clothes to wear in cold
weather look at this you guys they got
Santa
Holly that's where Santa Claus sits do
you remember meeting him last year
hello hello hohoho last year was the
year he like freaked out and screamed
right yeah yes we'll see what happens
this year it's always a toss-up if he's
gonna scream enough but that's so funny
they have the Santa thing all set up I
can't wait to see what he does this year
Holly what are you watching stitch yeah
this we don't sketch off so we just got
to Mimi and Papa's and Holly was
sleeping in the car
so I transferred him to the couch and
then Leo you've got ahold of oh okay
yeah normally yeah Olly is all over him
he'll yeah hi buddy hi buddy Joe good
nap in the car too here is a parka
Missy got at forever 21 what do you guys
think you do look like Little Red Riding
Hood is it comfy yeah as well well I'm
sure it was like a sweater it'd be nice
and warm it's not gonna be like Milou or
anything yeah chilly Thanks
yeah when we talk about cold it's
probably gonna be like 31 well it will
be in the 40s
oh hello that's a 20 yeah yeah the low
is like 28 yeah that's like a Fanny's
wide awake but eating ballin and it's
like Popeye you crazy I think your bags
over there mostly he's got his crazy
eyes on hmm there's no mom no way he
makes the cutest faces what it what's
all over his is onesie Missy
oh is that sign language oh it is yeah
that's L that's oh oh that's oh that's E
and where's V mmm notably oh there's a V
that's funny that's cool
oh wow cool look buddy no it looks good
what did Papa gate you say that's like
yeah so Papa gave him this little
flashlight to hold on doom and he's been
holding on to it all day long and he
gave it to him so he could show karma it
and he's really excited to show karma ha
he did it good oh did you get it oh you
want your shoes off okay you take your
shoes off then we'll do I put his shoes
on the carrier and he was like no mom
they go over here he couldn't he
actually couldn't even we funny she's
all over the place yes mom
oh my go he's like no mom I'm not doing
anything until the shoes are the shoe
bucket he's so cute
alright show Karma he wants a sucker he
got a sucker cuz he was so good today
but I like you want your sucker Lucas
daddy
you can have your sucker but you're
gonna have it in the back okay so that
you don't make a huge mess here ticket
ready nothing about open you open in a
minute Kay you play with karma don't
Polly
you're such a daredevil dude I was doing
some tricks with karma to like let him
like sit low over and stuff and all I
said
Olly try Olly try so I thought he meant
like tell karma to sit but no he wanted
to get doggy all right hey you - hey
sit sit karma sit I'm a sit sit sit lay
down lay down down oh way down there
yeah when roll ever Hey karma relevant
want to think this is dumb I don't want
to play that game
hey oli sit and roll over you guys are
so silly
okay come come in please come here okay
sit sit
Holly what do you have Jackie you're a
sucker
uh-huh you want to open it okay let's
get in the back hey he has been waiting
to open this sucker so so patiently told
me how to eat his dinner first and then
he could eat it in the back because he
did so messy when he takes baths or when
he eats suckers that I was like I've
been the best place for him to actually
eat a sucker is in the bath okay okay I
open it in just a second okay
thank you
all right Ali's in the back he's got a
sucker and all his toys I think you're
one happy kid home baby I mean oh you
got what is that is an army man yeah I
should dad you guys got a gun yeah you
baby you look so cute my shoes Jackie
you got your sucker
are you happy okay I'm happy suck a
bubble oh no no all right guys I'm gonna
actually probably jump in the bath with
him and Finn and we're just gonna get
cleaned up and then we're going to go to
bed so we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video we had a super fun day tip but
tomorrow is Papa's birthday and always
has been practicing all day to sing him
happy birthday yes and we're gonna sing
him happy birthday huh yeah Giggy Giggy
I don't know it's a good kitty
hey yeah
goody okay anyways so we're really
excited for tomorrow we're gonna have
fun day but get today's video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you guys
tomorrow if they buy pool
slung up instead
this is home
good heart attack
can't say it
I am
and that's where I wanna be
