shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it
he's actually sleeping you guys it's
amazing
good morning karma you got a new sweater
on don't you all you look so snazzy and
holiday eats and wintry and festive
e-what Santa Claus oh you have Santa
Claus all over you you do oh you guys
oliver is getting so smart and yeah and
he's talking so much and he's just he's
gonna be such a bright boy I love you is
that woody what is would he say if he
does good morning good morning guys
it is Friday I am starving I'm actually
making what are these those toaster
scramble things I think I'm the only
person in the world who likes like the
egg bacon toaster scrambles because
let's be honest they're kind of weird
inside but but I I don't know why I love
it it's it's funny this she is sitting
here we're doing something really cool
we are actually getting tickets for
Kelsey and Corbin to come see us yeah
they're gonna be here by the end of the
year and we're just gonna have a couple
days with them gonna go I actually got
tickets for a really cool event for all
of her involving frozen so we're gonna
be able to do that and it's just they're
gonna get to meet Finley
to be a cool little friend trip and we
just haven't seen them in forever and we
missed some so that's gonna be really
cool Macy actually had everything done
she put in the credit card information
and then it expired talking too long
with Kelsey and Corbett and then by the
time I did everything I have to start
all yeah Southwest I guess is having
this crazy deal though it's like 50
bucks a flight cuz they're doing like
Black Friday sales early seriously so we
were like sweet let's book them come see
us
I've never purchased flight tickets that
are like that cheese yeah oh I think I
am burning these now are they done
oh I'll freak out I find you in the
weirdest positions dude what are you
doing you tried you stuck you're stuck
are you climbing do you want me to flip
it around how's that okay yeah it's what
you wanted he's trying to fix it now you
can jump on it woo nice swinging dude
you're like a monkey can you do it again
jump jump jump woo you're so cool dude
oh no we have activity he's moving he's
awake no should I go get him yeah he
literally made up for making our night
really bad yeah again always with the
weird positions I find you in Oliver are
you pretending to be a vampire in a
casket okay bye
I I can't get enough of that kid he's so
funny
well good morning big guy how's it going
you were to hang out with your family
you look cute and refreshed don't you my
goodness oh my boy
Holly holy look who's awake all he it's
your brother can you give him a kiss can
you give your brother a kiss with buff
again with the weird situations Ollie is
sitting on Karma watching toy story
Ollie are you going for a ride make him
move can't make him move you can't sing
yup see giddyup say giddyup yeah Oh
careful be nice to those look at he's so
good though oh you think good boy hey I
better get it cheap for this guy's Ollie
you're lucky we have such a good doggy
Seiji huh get up giddy up giddy up giddy
up giddy up kind of like and I'm done
oh oh he might actually hang on karma be
careful Ollie you have such a good doggy
you know that all right so I'm wearing
my glass
today and I have run into some very real
problems when it comes to wearing
glasses so we're going to try to do my
makeup that is very difficult to do when
you're wearing glasses and then I was to
the shower and that was like really
deployment I do people technical hours
and like just be blind and I think so
I've never done that like I said I wear
contacts in the shower so when I had to
like take my glasses off I was like I
can't see anything
here we are driving and I cannot work a
lot of sunglasses I don't know how you
guys do this because this is not fun I
guess what it is it's going to make me
really thankful when I do get my LASIK
done because I'll be like and now I
don't have to deal with those problems
anymore alright so we are just outside
of byebye baby we're gonna go in because
we have to get a couple of things for
Finley because we're gonna be going up
to the mountains it's cold I mean he
needs a some things that are a little
bit more warmer I actually just got the
final mix for one of the songs on my EP
and it's called Oliver's lullaby and
it's really special because yeah it's a
song that I sang to Oliver
probably like the first week we brought
him home I would just rock with him in
the rocking chair and just sing like the
song to him and so he knows it really
well and actually now even like he will
lay in bed and all I was like lay with
him and sing it to him okay again again
song again again so I actually just got
the final mix that's gonna be on my EP
later this year and he started singing
along yeah he's like rockin yeah this is
part of the song goes like we're rocking
back and forth in the rocking chair and
he does rock it and then as soon as it
was over he claps his hands and goes yay
again again did you like daddy's song
actually it's Oliver Sun it's your song
buddy I wrote it for you a lot of people
get all of us lullaby confused with the
song called miracle in the making now if
you guys don't know our friends Nelson
at the help wrote a song for Oliver when
we had him called miracle and making go
check it out on iTunes actually I have a
link down below it's an amazing song
it's got a really cool vibe to it but
it's not Oliver as official low low
bottom is written
him but it's not like it's not Brian son
yeah so I I wrote a lullaby for Finley
and you guys got to hear that and now
you're gonna be hearing all of us
lullaby when it goes on my EP so that's
just really exciting and it just like it
was so special to hear him like sing
along to it and even clap to it I love
you buddy you know that right okay he's
like that's outside all right this is
what we're looking at something comfy
and warm that slips over his car seat
for when we're walking around Idlewild
which by the way is snowing there
Missy's been checking the weather like
every single day gonna know when we go
this
oh really you could see the forecast
yeah oh that's so cool she's like
sleeping and then you could also put
that okay see just like a little bit
warmer I would actually do anything but
I'm blanket here as well
yeah I'm trying to find a way how do I
keep it baby warm yeah you'll be wearing
a hat and he went yeah warm clothes a
little faith yeah we're gonna be walking
around a little mountain town and it's
gonna be cold and snowy and he has
California blood oh yeah
he's gonna be cold no no weird I mean I
love this I mean it's really nice yeah I
mean imagine also if it does snow
I mean what what do you do is that what
you do you just could just put it over
his face and no it's weird it's really
weird
yeah we don't know what to do you guys
but we don't run into this problem at
all because so hot here
you got a dilemma on our hands I like it
I mean it's worth getting I made the
mistake of giving Ollie maracas are you
making music dude shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
shake it shake it so you love music
can you sing while you shake them sings
happy birthday you are you having so
much fun only you got in with Mama
slowest ride ever okay we're gonna go
this right now the opera's course with
those pillows I know he's just trying to
make you feel good you see broke out all
of the Christmas pillows and blankets
for the couch so now we got all the old
ones packed up ready to go into storage
again until Christmas is over the house
is just starting to get more festive
guys awesome look at us you guys just a
couple of youtubers sitting bad editing
videos misses editing a video for her
channel I'm editing the daily vlog ooh
and what do we got he's like what you
got what you get yeah we discovered
these at Target the other day they're
called Reese's bells and I am such a fan
they are so glad they're more peanut
buttery the bells are more peanut
buttery yeah
that's what I like more
better it's just not the right ratio
this is the perfect struggle the
struggle is real you guys yeah but we're
just editing some videos funny
spontaneous random thing happened
tonight Colin and I created something
really cool and I don't know if I want
to say if he wants to talk about it you
can head over and on over to his channel
have it linked below go subscribe to
them because they're awesome but he
might have talked about what we did
tonight but it was pretty cool and crazy
just completely it was one of those
friend things were you like what if we
did this and then someone's like let's
start doing this and then we did it and
then we were like holy crab how did that
happen it was fun but maybe he'll talk
about it on his channel so I'll let him
talk about it if he wants to all I'm
saying is a trip is gonna be made to
Bama pretty soon so I'm just throw that
out there but anyway that's all for
today's vlog we had an amazing Friday
weekend you guys thumbs up this video
cuz it's the weekend okay that's amazing
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll Shia min Jana karma you look so
cool in your sweater you look so cool in
your sweater
sad
this home
never look so good Hornets are
I'd say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
