do you like yellow you're cute he's
always like what is going on
Ollie what are you doing you're watching
robots are you trying to use that binky
is that your binky or baby's pinky whose
binky is that yeah it's
Finley's binky yes Finley's binky and he
is trying to use it can you say good
morning good morning hey guys today we
are actually supposed to be headed to a
very important doctor's appointment for
Finley but something dumb happened
doctor referral stuff all not mixed up
and so we're hoping that we'll still get
to go yeah they originally called and
said we had to cancel your appointment
because we didn't get the proper
paperwork and I I don't understand how
they could cancel the appointment so it
was considered urgent and it was also
they moved around tons of appointments
so that they could put him in there
because it's an important appointment
it's not like we need papers for
insurance reason it's just like doctor
stuff maybe you should just call the
doctor and figure it out before you
cancel my appointment yeah like my whole
day for it have a bar but hopefully we
can still go kind of annoying we're
seeing if the doctor's office can fix it
because Finley needs I think it's like a
little scan on his heart hopefully we
can do that today because we plan to do
it today I have been on the phone for
like the past two hours trying to figure
out where this doctor paperwork wet and
I'm just trying to like figure out if I
can still get him into his appointment
and right down to the time when we were
supposed to leave and she's like alright
if you leave right now can you make it
by 12:30 and I was like um okay and they
actually found the paperwork I think we
like tossed me around passing me through
all these different like phone numbers
and stuff and they finally found it
oh my gosh so now Brian had to go get my
mom so she can watch Olli and we got a
rush to Finley's appointment that they
cancelled but then they gave it back
silly silly silly huh
and he will not let me put him down so
I've been like doing my hair and makeup
one-handed it's been a little bit crazy
our equipments at 115 is that's ruining
it there at 110 so I think we're gonna
make it
knock time which is good I mentally
hopefully we can find the office what a
frantic class I know it was crazy you
know in the end but it was like a wake
like the last you know two hours while I
was making phone calls and I was like
gonna sleep ended up being able to nurse
him right before we left and this is
kind of a long drive and he has slept
the entire way so it ended up working
out nicely that he was awake and kind of
driving me crazy because now he's
sleeping and I don't have to worry about
him too much feel like I haven't really
explained exactly what is going on with
it I would see a or tech valve in his
heart it's just slightly dilated I mean
it's just a little bit bigger than it
should be for his age there's no
blockage they see blood going in and out
and everything's working properly they
just want to see is this an issue could
it be an issue as he gets older it's the
Artic valve getting larger as it gets
older because then we could obviously
run into the issue of it getting too big
these are scary things to talk about but
yet actually all it was diagnosed with
the same thing when he was inside of me
and they did an ultrasound when he came
out and they confirmed that it was fine
but now they're saying since Finn has
the same thing that all he did that they
actually want to also check always heart
again and because it was Ollie and Finn
it wasn't a fluke thing yeah it's
probably something definitely tied to us
one of us we both came to have our heart
strike and I honestly think it's
probably me because I never get anything
chat and my grandma had heart issues but
she had more issues so I don't I don't
feel like it could be either of us I
mean record bad our heart issues also
it's kind of just something that kept
popping up and now it's like okay we all
need to get checked yeah make sure
nothing is wrong with our heart these
are important thes are in for it that's
probably more genetic than just random
Oh
basically we got down here and maybe
they were like oh yeah we don't have the
order so then they could inspect our
appointment and all that anyways we're
starting and right a hospital that has a
McDonald's right in it because it's the
Ronald McDonald House yeah they have one
right across the street so it's like it
gets really really sick yeah I can
actually stay there and sleep and get a
hot shower for free so it's like all
sponsored by Macduff yeah so like right
here there's the there's the cardiology
appointment and this is McDonald it's
one thought today
funny I don't know if any starving yeah
they basically put tracker I put it at
least an hour so and we're like starving
so we're like whoa this one's got a big
tunnel
we just got out and we probably won't be
receiving any kind of results until like
tomorrow anything I really wanted to
show you guys our stroller I know we
showed it yesterday we got a lot of
questions about it and it is really
really cool and very versatile so first
of all it's the city select and as you
can see right now we have it just on
just fin we took the seat off
yeah and moved his to the middle so it'd
be balanced properly yeah and then of
course at when he gets older you can put
two seats in it the seats can face
towards each other
out both going to you can add the little
board yes all he wants to stand right
uh-huh
just like Stan yeah it is very versatile
so you can just use it as like a one
just even if all we just wanted it oh
yeah we can just put the seat on it yeah
and not use the stroll or the car seat
it is like really really cool stroller I
really like it it is kind of big that's
that's the only thing is kind of bulky
but but you know what that means more
storage I lost that thing holds so much
and it's like easy to access but you can
unzip it and open it up to get to easier
it's very cool then is all happy and
snuggled and he's got his pacifier which
he actually has been taking very well
he's all fed though and hopefully the
drive won't be terrible we are driving
home and basically five o'clock traffic
so hopefully he just sleeps really well
and we won't have to like deal with too
much crying Holly found a new game get
her get it go isn't that funny
are you playing with Karma that's pretty
cool he's got the little Amazon fresh
thing you order groceries and he's
shining it on the ground
karma crazy
ladies Nicholas I like you we are back
home after a long drive but you know
what this kid did so good he didn't like
cry at all basically yeah he basically
fell asleep Isuzu II on the car and just
awake I'm wide awake for tonight you're
lucky I know you're cute he's always
like what is going huh
what did happening Oh what are you doing
okay careful are you tickling your
brother so you stole his binky you now
you're poking them hey you all ready for
bed kind of a hug good night love you
need a hug can you break up that's a
kiss give me a hug give me big did you
forget my Huggies mm I love you
Hey oh you love me too hey can you give
your brother goodnight kiss yes thank
you
okay going up to bed oh hey wait wait
can you bring your monitor to momma
when you're up there go get that to mom
okay love you good night
oh look at this cutie he's being such a
good boy I'm watching him while Macy
takes a shower and gets relaxed ready
for the night you do and he still got
that stork bite you know what else he
still has that machine I were talking
about today he still has his belly
button cord thingy it hasn't fallen off
yet isn't that crazy
Ali's actually fell off when he was 5
days old and he is now one week and four
days old and he still has it so weird
and actually it's super funny because if
you look closely there's a little piece
of Missy sweater because it got stuck to
it today with these scissors to snip her
sweater so it wouldn't pull it off it
was freaky
anyway that's all for today's vlogedy
blog
hope you guys enjoyed it if you have not
seen my music video for this guy's
lullaby go check it out link down below
in the description and if you're
wondering what song is playing right now
that's his Lola by Finley's lullaby I
wrote a song for this little boy and I
love this and you can get it on iTunes
now with the link below in the
description so go check that out thank
you guys so much for watching give it a
thumbs up see you manana say bye you
can't say bye you're just a baby cute
and clever and this little heart it sees
the good in everybody
how I can't live without you
time is but a loom in this nursery room
where a rocky road
