the stability
where's ollie
where's ollie there he is what are you
doing in the dryer buddy what are you
doing
you're okay dude
climb out good morning guys all he was
eating his breakfast I went to the
bathroom I came out he was gone I found
him in the dryer come on you silly kid
you just love to explore don't you
careful
good morning karma you're supposed to be
watching after Ollie dude what the heck
look at this little boy this morning
he's so happy
it's very content trainer thank you no
good with his hand on his cheek pushing
his chica I think honestly he's so
comfortable when he's laying next to me
that he'll sleep for hours about like I
gotta get up yeah he's so cute we meet
cute kids babe yeah karma what do you
have is that Ali's boat yeah our living
room looks crazy she's been sitting here
with Finlay I've been editing and this
kid has just been running amok I've been
editing
Missy's been editing - yes both been
editing both have a lot of work to do
oh you're dual wielding guns now huh
he's ready to go raid some tombs oh my
gosh do you see that oh where I guess it
must be all that Walking Dead I've
watched with him no I know I don't even
watch that show scary for me do you know
how in America we have all those crazy
national whatever day well today is
national sandwich day
you so I'm on my way to Jersey Mike's go
pick up some sandwiches because if you
guys know anything about me
you know that I love a good sandwich mmm
my favorite sandwich at Jersey Mike's is
the collapse of it's got ham turkey
bacon YUM and it looks like today is
like bright and sunny look at that sky
beautiful you guys yesterday was
actually so gray and dreary and it even
rained a little bit it was super nice it
was like yay Falls finally here
November's here we got Thanksgiving we
got Christmas we got a couple of cool
trips planned I'm really excited it's
the most wonderful time of the year
oh speaking of seeing I put up a new
music video on my channel today for
Finley's lullabies so you guys should go
check that out link below in the
description go watch it share it like it
comment on it look at this naked boy be
naked it's a little bit that face that's
a stink guy I've got ollie down for a
nap I am actually getting ready to just
kind of get him dressed which I gotta
admit I am cest with sleepers I don't
ever want to put him in anything else
even though like I could be putting them
in like cute onesies and outfits
sleepers just seem so comfortable and
there's so many different kinds like
some are more warm and some are thinner
and so yeah I'm obsessed I really like
this one though it's got like little
drafts and elephants and it just is
comfy and I like you to be comfy yeah it
is a beautiful day today and I actually
had to open up the windows I don't know
if you can tell I've got the window open
and just trying to get some fresh air
into the house because we have not had
that in quite a long times it's been so
hot I am like so red and sensitive these
days my skin is like breaking out
constantly and like hives and I get so
itchy and I feel like this must be some
sort of hormonal after a c-section type
of thing maybe just after giving birth
maybe not c-section but like I'm so
extremely itchy sometimes where I
literally feel like I'm gonna rip my
skin off I guess it's just what happens
when you're a girl you don't ever have
to deal with that do you why do you look
so silly
this kid has been taking super long naps
we've woken him up every single day
because he's getting close to two hours
and we wanted to sleep good at night
he's awake now
misses getting him out of bed we're
trying to leave the house but this
little guy just keeps pooping he's
basically the master of poop this one I
think he pooped even more than you did
Olly not crazy yeah look at Olly right
now you guys show him your book he's got
a book his Papa pig book and he's gonna
Apple show me your Apple yeah yeah and
your guns are right there yeah we are
back at byebye baby which is definitely
like our favorite store whenever are we
yeah whatever
hang on hang on whenever we have a
newborn but we're actually not here for
us my aunt actually is looking for some
new things for their nursery at the
church and so we're gonna buy a few
thing you can donate them to the church
but before I do that all is singing let
it go and is the cutest thing ever and
I'm gonna have him sing it for you guys
Carolee okay sing it echo keep going is
fishy come on sing a song for Mama all
right let's see if he does it when he
sees the cup all right sing this song
frozen cup yeah doesn't bother me
yes that's what are you saying oh say it
singing again anymore
awesome Nikki thank you haha look what
we got working we finally figured it out
yes they actually gave us the wrong
piece yes so we had all the little
pieces so they allowed us to swap it
yeah this fits in there all he's got is
all these guys and he actually looks
like such a big boy in it like he is a
big boy I know and the egg
we got he's not playing with a little
toys keep him busy while we look for
some stuff we're looking for some sheets
I gotta say you guys this is really
quite nice it's super smooth Ali's
having a blast in front cuz he actually
likes facing forward like that in the
stroller he's happy it fits this is
definitely gonna be nice for Disneyland
which we need to go to soon when can we
take him to Disneyland oh yeah you could
actually ride rides maybe Missy
cuz you're not pregnant anymore
yeah I definitely like the double
stroller it was definitely giving me
anxiety because I couldn't get it all
together but now that it is I think it's
pretty cool but my main thing is just
making sure this main guy is comfy and I
think he's definitely like and being
able to look up here at dead Hey
he still has this mark on his forehead
from when he was born you think that's
gonna be a birthmark oh the that thing
yeah no that is what they call a stork
bite oh um it should go away but it's
kind of like they call it a stork fight
he's got a he was bit by historic yeah
basically it's actually a vein I know
but it should go away interesting the
bird bit him what have we got well he
used to have one of these right yeah I
remember um he didn't really write it
then but maybe
write it now you want to ride the horsey
okay that's pretty amazing okay right
back here right back to mama
oh my gosh Oliver is that the greatest
age right now where he just like
everything is so fun me and Finn are
just waiting in the car right now
well Brian and Ollie run into the store
and get us some food for dinner but I
was just thinking is 5:30 right now and
check this out it is pitch dark out look
at it it's totally pitch dark black dark
skies we just had the time change which
means that it's darker earlier which
I've always hated but I'm actually kind
of loving it especially with a newborn
because it kind of helps us get our
night started a little earlier it gets
us like more tired earlier been able to
get like all way down a little bit
earlier than usual
hey doing our distill outing you look
babe do you get him alright so we swung
by target and got a couple things for
dinner tonight we're gonna be doing ham
and Swiss cheese in these little
croissant things and then I saw in the
back of these that you can make little
pizza ones and I thought oli would love
pizza so I got mozzarella pepperoni and
pizza sauce and if he doesn't dig the
croissants like I just got a little mini
pizza crust so that he can actually sit
up here we could sprinkle cheese on it
and maybe he'll eat a pizza cuz he loves
pizza I'm going to give you a little
lesson in making a pizza okay okay so
this is your crust and then this is
pizza sauce we're just gonna put yeah is
that interesting yeah it's not you this
is good pizza sauce is yummy you like
pizza yeah yes you do I'm gonna make you
pizza what are you doing
okay now we're gonna add the cheese I
know you might not like these things
individually but you do like them
together because you do like pizza some
in your hand and then sprinkle it on can
you do that
sprinkle it on hahaha let's just keep
doing that - it's all even okay you want
lots of yummy cheese on there we kind of
want to make sure it's even so there's
not any big spots without it okay good
job
yay I'll put a little cheddar on that
too okay and there you have it ollie a
pizza cheese pizza say yay dude you
don't like pepperoni try with the
pepperoni no okay I'll make another one
for me with pepperoni and look what we
made oli pizza yeah you want pizza all
right come get in your chair buddy check
these out guys these are my little
croissants that I made these ones have
pepperoni and sauce and mozzarella and
then these ones have ham and Swiss look
at the mountain they look so good I was
totally worried that I didn't fold
incorrectly because I've never really
done this but they turned out really
good all right we've got this kid to bed
and this one to bed and now it's time
for this one to go to bed oh it's time
for you to go to bed - hello hey you
look like you've been already at half
asleep anyways guys we're gonna go ahead
and the vlog everyone is winding down
for the night I am very tired oh you
ready for bed what do you think of Finn
by the way honestly karma hasn't paid
that much attention if and he's just
kind of been doing this thing and
playing with karma or playing with Olli
mostly and I'm sure he won't really pay
that much attention until Finn starts to
actually do something more than that
when Finn cries he does sometimes going
over and like kind
look at him but that's about it anyways
guys I'm going to go ahead and the vlog
hope you guys enjoy today's video give
it a thumbs up if you did and we will
see days tomorrow bye and this little
heart it sees the good in everybody
how I can live with the you time is but
of them in this nursery room where a
rocky one
