I'll help you yeah did you guys hear
that that was fin pooping all over me
good morning guys we are back at the
Children's Hospital which is not a fun
place to be but it's a really important
appointment we're taking thin here to
the urologist and we're going to have
them check his kidneys and see if
hopefully they're fixed I'm hoping so
much that they know that they're fixed
but that they've healed I don't know
what it was the worst reversed itself
and if they have I'm hoping that they'll
take him off of the antibiotic that I
give him every night it's sucks I hate
giving him medication he hates it tastes
gross it smells gross it's just no fun
Brides at home I'm getting some work
done so I'm dragging my mom along with
me
and we're hopefully going to get some
answers and hopefully everything will be
better that's what I'm really really
hoping for I forget some because our
phones on
when they told you
usually they outgrow it yes even if he
asked for you yeah just be nice that he
wouldn't have to take medicine it would
be nice
yes guy he's got a pinky you know sound
good but this Binkley didn't keep baby
well he did good also in the cardiology
one too like he sucked out a long time I
was like he never starts on a binky this
long but maybe he does it when he's
alone
so that's the bladder right there it's
filling right now the catheter that's we
put in ha ha somewhere down here
that's the hip bones freedoms ok
I'm Dean right now game smaller
okay
my back
this in the film
all right he is just sleeping and
relaxing on mama so we just got done
with his appointment and basically what
they did is they have to insert a
catheter and then they insert like a
saline type of solution that goes into
the bladder we walked it fill and then
we watch him pee and then we see if the
saline comes out or if some of it goes
back up because if P is going back up
towards the kidneys then it could cause
like an infection and that's why he's
been on antibiotics to help prevent
infection so anyways we did that
procedure and I was really nervous about
the catheter going in because that can
be really uncomfortable they never said
painful but I would assume a little
painful I wouldn't want to do that
especially because they don't give you
any like numbing medication but he did
really good he just like held our hand
and like looked at us he had his
pacifiers who he was just sucking away
he never cried he got like a little bit
wide eyed like what's happening and then
he totally calmed right down and that
was pretty much the extent he did really
really good during it he didn't cry he
got a little squirmy at one point but
most part he did really awesome and then
we got good news basically no nothing
was going back up so he's not having any
like urine going back into the kidneys
and causing a possible infection so now
we're headed to his urologist
appointment to confirm everything and
then hopefully we get to take him off of
antibiotics good morning guys
this is where I've been most of the day
I actually had a really good opportunity
today to get some work done
ever since having Finley it's kind of
been a struggle for myself to find time
because I usually want to be with Ollie
as much as possible if Missy is at the
house with Finley because I don't want
her to be too overwhelmed with two kids
oh hi oh hi karma how are you oh hi Kara
how are you oh no ear nibbles
that's awkward Missy went out today with
Finley to go to the doctor's appointment
she said everything went really good so
that's always nice to hear
and we do have oli taking a nap so I'm
going to wake him up
by the way look it we have a couple of
Christmas decorations up we actually
have a couple of huge boxes at the
bottom stairs that we need to put
together I got to get oli up because I'm
supposed to meet Missi somewhere in like
30 minutes
that's my new SmartWatch let's go get
Bali you wanna go get Olli you jump on
his bed okay
go ahead go go go he's fast asleep
Oh Carmen go get him kiss him kiss him
karma good morning buddy
how was your nap did you have a doggy
kissing you this morning karma don't
chew up bolt bolt is good people
oh your stick you dropped your stick you
want to go meet mama yeah let's go come
on that's how he rolls out of bed
literally rolls out of bed
you hear mom Maya he was just smiling
you guys
look who I'm with now say hi hi did you
miss mama
hey you're in the car yes yep and we're
headed to food we've been working on our
top-secret project yes we're back
together and so go you're hungry so I'm
gonna have a pizza for the third time I
think it's like the third day Naru I'm
going through a pizza face I guess I
guess yeah all you want pizza Kiki so we
are at Raj brewery and pizza again is
word of it with Jared and I kind of went
a little bit crazy this time to that
half pesto half meats yeah yeah did you
guys hear that that was fin pooping all
over me did you just go poo poo that's
crazy and getting some cuddles in with
little Finny he was gone all day weren't
you weren't you buddy look at these
little feet look at these little feet
they're so cute why did I do a song
about his little hands when I could have
done a song about a little feet this
outfit is in right now to you guys it's
like something out of the 40's all right
what are we doing over here
oh good we got a glue gun we've got
crazy glue and we are trying to fix her
ally it's okay it's okay
he is look seriously so sad sergej broke
I'm trying to fix him all right we've
got Zig right here guys are gun it is
off him as you can see and we're gonna
clone back on kay okay okay
so happy guess what
I fixed him huh
okay his gun is on that make you happy
okay go play with him
mom for the win
Oh is he a big boy kind lift him up get
fins like what are you guys letting him
do I'll help you
good job well guys we have packed up all
the fall decorations and we have
officially broken out the Christmas
decorations are you a little elf yeah
you are
look at mama Santa Claus just in time
and you're an elf
okay and we got jingle bells yep we are
getting Christmas decorations ready and
we're gonna put them around the house 37
days till Christmas Christmas
decorations here Christmas decorations
there Christmas decorations everywhere
Christmas decorations over there
Christmas decorations right there and
all over there
drum roll control candle yeah that's odd
yeah a hot gun touch wait do you control
them all yeah weird
and we also decorated the mantel got
some weird cranberry plant and of course
st. Nicholas himself what hey hey Olli
what are we watching
we're watching Mickey Mouse Christmas
he's obsessed with this he's cuddling in
our bed tonight just for a little bit
and we're gonna watch the show but we
got something really cool in the mail
the other day
a little surprise so it came from a
Meachem family and I thought to Nellie
right getting us a gift and then open
the letter is from mama meet them from
mamamoo ourselves from Jared's mom from
Jared's mom that's so cool yes I hope in
the end I see what is exactly
oh but says she made it so I'm really
excited to see okay we've got whoa burp
ah oh cool okay um it looks like the
design is just like some cute little
animals like bears and a kitty cat
yeah it's super here another one nice
and then like a blankie oh I love
blankets oh that's so cool so you got a
blanket and matching burp cloths that's
awesome thank you that was so so sweet
of you I honestly was like so surprised
I'm so shocked says Bryan and Missy I
know you're probably bombarded with
gifts for Finley but I wanted to make
something for you in any way just so you
know we love you and are so happy you
are such great friends with Ellie and
Jared
take care ah thank you mama Meachem that
was an awesome surprise to get the other
day all right we're gonna go ahead and
end the vlog okay okay can you say
thanks for watching say thumbs up thumbs
up subscribe say subscribe say comment
say you're awesome say bye Oh in this
hospital room
where I see for the very first time and
if you ever see go I hope you'll always
know your mind
yeah these little lives they don't know
how heartbreaking
