good morning guys Disneyland hangover is
in full effect look at this little guy
he definitely had way too much fun
yesterday that's adorable how you feel
then you don't think you overdid it
yeah you look comfy yeah look at what
we're wearing we are wearing onesies I
have one too the best part is the butt
see their cheeks and we have a matching
ones for ollie and fin right yeah they
haven't come yeah a least a good morning
for me hey did you have fun at
Disneyland you did good whoo what was
your best part about Disneyland you
could make it yeah hey Chloe hey doggy
look Rach what oh my goodness I've been
playing tug of war with both the boys
all morning Finn has just not want me to
put it down always just been ollie crazy
and I have an EDD like do my makeup and
get ready and just have not been able to
Brian's out of the house right now so
it's just me and I'm just like oh my
goodness but I finally got them both to
sleep they're taking a little nap so I'm
going to finally get ready so I can get
on with my day two kids is definitely
different than one I'm dressed I've got
my makeup done and I actually don't have
my hair done
I had it kind of done a little bit ago
but I took it out because I was sick of
it and I'm actually getting my hair done
today anybody cells like here I'm not
even gonna put the effort into it I'm
wearing my ahlian Finn necklace which I
absolutely love
I got it for my baby sprinkle and I am
obsessive that I wear it quite often
because it's just is both my boys I just
love it I've got my pants hiked up
pretty pretty high just because I wanted
to come
up this flap right here I definitely
don't wear the bellied bandit as much as
I should as much as I want to
it is comfortable it's very soft it's
very comfortable
it just feel so strapped in that the
last thing I want to feel is another
thing on me because I've always got a
person on me or you know something and
obviously depends on being pregnant
which is kind of like a trapped feeling
when you're pregnant like there's just
like you're big and you can't move as
good and it's so freeing to not be
pregnant that it's hard for me to wear
it sometimes but I really want to it's
supposed to help you know put everything
back together and like since you back in
and it actually does feel good with with
Hemme having a c-section my scars down
here and it kind of actually helps like
hold everything together and not feel
like I'm moving things too much alright
you guys I only just woke up from a nap
somebody okay Oh Holly he's protected
sleep what are you doing kiddo are you
reading frozen he has apparently the
ELSA look and find frozen Buffy to this
bed you're a little grumpy this morning
huh come here come here come here oh
he's still tired he was wide awake
though reading a book in his bed and
then I get him in he's like oh no I'm
tired still don't go downstairs and play
no oh you just wants to cuddle hey ain't
nothing wrong with that I'll just cut
are you I'm off to my hair appointment
and I've got my mom here because I have
a newborn and I definitely can't be like
holding in the hold
I am and I need someone's help so we're
going to tag to it so we did with all I
to it actually is pretty convenient
because I tend to be here a little bit
longer you get it right here and all
that hey Ollie you want to feed your
fishy okay let's read your fishy all
right climb up there that's the hey
hello to hash tag and shoe it's been a
while since you seen him huh yeah
there's shoe the snail alright kiddo
you're gonna do it all okay that's cool
too
what are you so happy that was quite the
feast you gave him dude oh yeah good job
and there's the lid for the food this
kid is such a sneaker right now let's
just fish this out of there pun intended
by the way no no no more no more no more
he's good he's good buddy I am at my
hair point right now and my mom does not
have been oh he's not in there either he
is in here
he's nothing and this cover actually is
quite handy although actually it's not
handy because I cannot see him see down
there I'm just like hoping it's going
into his mouth and not his nose but this
is this is the life I guess we actually
it's been really convenient I wasn't
able to hold him and he's been able to
sleep but now he's ready to eat and so
now we just kind of blow down my hair
and then we're done
who's on the phone Ollie what are you
saying to her mama
those are car keys dude and he's using
it as a phone that's so funny
as you can see you guys today's been one
of those days where you just staying
here for jammas and chill I wish I was
still have I began was I had to get
dressed for the day just been hanging
out with this little guy watching some
woody can I can I talk on the phone hey
mama
yeah I'm right here with him he's so
cute
wants to tell you something okay here he
is talk to me talk to mama
go ahead talk to mama hell yeah
when it's too dark or cold to go outside
and play we have our own slide isn't
that nice buddy
sit down okay three two one go
what what you took the doggy on the ride
do it again go go go go go go go go go
go ship in the doggie oh okay grab the
doggie let's let's open the doggy can
you say sit day roll over whoa nice roll
over like on the carpet like karma okay
go get your brother where is he where is
he where is he your brothers aren't you
so excited okay
oh he's awake now can you unbuckle him
yeah push the button in the middle I'll
push the button get him unbuckle him
good job
little fucker you're such a good big
brother
hold no okay all right we are eating
dinner
Polly is macking on some mac and cheese
and french fries he's a happy boy yeah
we are out to dinner with the fam just
relaxing eating some food this little
guy you guys he's not made of kids been
asleep the entire time
I seriously have forgotten he's here
sometimes don't you do that he's such a
good baby
I'm like I'm like oh yeah we have a
newborn where is he
he's like sleeping telling me I do not
like attached to your Google bed yeah
he's not attached to me although chillin
would you do to him you make him run a
marathon today minor step ollie is
showing me me where the baby is are you
pregnant
what's the baby's name the baby's name
Mizzy thinks that's a baby this is up
guys
mr. fini hey buddy
he's so warm he's like a feeder Oh who's
this it's a Claus Oh Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas
yeah yeah all right guys we're breaking
out the Christmas stuff we're really
excited to decorate the tree upstairs
we're going to do something special with
it in order yeah in order to decorate
there's my girl and the ball yep in
order to decorate the upstairs tree we
got to break out all the other
decorations we are gonna put together
this little tree that's up here and we
got a theme yes this year we are doing
Disney so we have a turn of Disney
ornaments that we're gonna put on this
thing
all right I know it's not busy but you
like minions so put a minion ornament on
the tree okay
and who's that oh that is oh let me see
that is Oh from home also not Disney but
one of the his favorite characters
I'm tired
oh my gosh she's so tired my night buddy
so cute look at you and your boys babe I
love you guys so much you baby okay
god bless you
okay close your eyes close your eyes is
10 4 9 9 k I love you trace I'm in this
hospital room where I see you for the
very first time and if you ever see me
go I hope you'll always
you mind
yeah these little
they don't know how heartbreaking
