you don't like this mess happy birthday
ever
that was good morning guys
we have been cuddling all night all day
all morning and it has been pretty much
amazing all I woke up another night
which he sometimes does these days and
normally we usually put him back to bed
in his bed but we let him come into our
bed it was just so sweet like we all
just cuddled in bed and slept most of
the night you know and at one point Finn
woke up crying and all I kind of like
popped up he's like baby and I said he's
okay you can go back to sleep because
okay if you like leg back down I fell
right to sleep it was just the sweetest
thing ever
obviously something we can't get used to
you can't really sleep in our bed every
night but it's just fun that like we're
just a big happy little family got a
little Finn how you doing my milk is
finally in so we've been nursing like
crazy
today's actually my birthday and
honestly I couldn't imagine anything
better I've got I'm home I've got my
babies and we're just so happy and so
content and oh it's just for the nice
I'm just I'm so happy
Brian's actually off I think he's
getting stuff for cupcakes but look at
this guy he is definitely in a little
milk coma at the moment oh look at that
little smirk CP smiles
rah rah rah rah I'm gonna get your nose
I'm gonna get your nose I got you
you wanna try okay ah ah you got me
there you go is that cool okay today my
wife is turning 26 years old you guys
it's Missy's birthday today and I feel
kind of bad because we've been at the
hospital and so I haven't had a whole
lot of time to like prepare or plan
anything basically for like the last
week apparently all he's getting this
cool little grabber thing you like that
okay my plan was I was like I'm gonna
get up and I'm gonna do my hair and
makeup this kid has been nursing
literally non-stop and I finally was
able to get him into a good spot where
he can sleep and not need to nurse and
so I got my makeup done and braided my
hair a little bit different today just
crazy how like life just changes so fast
a week ago I was just like waiting for a
baby to come and then all of a sudden
he's here and I'm like oh my gosh he's
here and then life is so different but
yet I literally didn't like I'm totally
a baby plus right now like I can't even
I'm like so happy I'm like totally on a
high and even though I'm barely getting
sleep because obviously I'm nursing so
much it's like I don't care like I
literally could care less
and got food average like that see now
you can eat oh and all he's gonna help
you with your bread
I guess it's lunchtime huh yes it's time
for him lunch time for me I don't know
if it's considered lunch like all day oh
he's on his third lunch basically yeah
hey all I did you show you new toy to
the baby isn't that cool you show him I
basically came in and I was like uh so I
bought always something to hit the baby
with he's been good though right he
hasn't hit him with it okay well here's
your food babe when you're ready to eat
you gots to and bread and orange
Gatorade and we have no salted butter so
I buttered it and then salted it also I
don't know if that's how it works
oli and I just decorated the entire
kitchen for Missy's birthday so we're
gonna surprise her she's upstairs
just kind of relaxing with Finn baby the
baby's up there yeah that's who finished
Finn's your baby brother can we go get
mama now let's go you gonna bring our
balloon going down the stairs going down
the stairs I don't know why what'd you
come down here there's nothing special
or anything I decorated for you okay and
you have surprises as well I love the
colors did you get me booze she
definitely helped me with the balloons
okay Ali and I got you presents which
you can open and then I also got you
everything for chocolate cupcakes yeah
and look I got these cool little comes
so pretty and then this just came to the
door too
congrat okay your favorite best friends
in the whole world even more than Cullen
and Katie that's what they had on the
card those are so pretty yeah Ellie dude
I love them you want a cookie I bet you
can have a cookie just because it's my
birthday huh you can have a cookie cuz
you did such a good job helping me okay
now go give your mom a hug and say happy
birthday happy birthday ever
yeah was is he eating again he's back oh
my gosh
Leslie honestly I candlelit pretty well
I'm not like sore yet yeah so but it
definitely different not like Holly yeah
all he did not want to breastfeed that
much huh
I think he just doesn't want to be put
down and when I am holding he's like oh
do you can just be Ben right yeah
you got a balloon in your mouth huh
shake it yeah you're so funny kid
it says mama did you write that yeah I
love you see I told you it was worth it
you and you didn't even get a paper cut
happy room and Danny and Olli oh they're
so cute and he signed it himself isn't
and you have to kiss my picture I know
as present for you I was really scared
he was actually gonna say it cuz he did
see what it was he's smarter than we
think he is really CAD you gotta give me
a key so this is the Twilight book and
this side is the normal Twilight and
then this is the brand-new one that she
wrote life and yet she did that yeah
it's from it's like the story switch
yeah no like she's the vampire oh yeah
oh yeah and it's like half the book yeah
it's not crazy cool I love you you're
the best
Thank You Olli I'm really glad that you
were born 26 years ago yeah honey 6 babe
you're getting close to 30 40 30 and
thriving
you're almost there go back to 13th yes
that's a state under baby good bye baby
on the treetop when the wind blows
we'll get it
no no be careful with it game
it's such a weird song I know category
baby falling from the tree yes that's my
stuff no this motion on this is called
Rockabye he likes so I just started
singing I hope he likes it he likes my
finger yes mouth I think he's definitely
gonna be a pacifier baby cuz yeah he
likes being classified yeah I never
really would have thought of starting a
binky this early with Ollie's I was full
and he was something the socks on I
think is like he's only happy when he's
on your boob but he's full yeah and
nothing he actually will spit my boob
out pretty fast because he's like I
don't want any more of that
yeah see here try that you just want you
happy are you happy there you go
I'm always afraid of like nipple
confusion so I don't like to do this but
I know we get that well we can even try
like a time limit like in ten minutes
and then it means happy ticket out
that's what I was thinking also just
like knowing that he's full and then
giving it to him yeah versus just giving
it to him and waiting til I'm ready to
nurse I just want to make sure that
you're not hungry and you're not what to
mess up my milk production isn't this
cool babe we have a baby and a toddler
and like it's like it's just like crazy
like I can't believe how like bacta can
change yeah even though we've been
waiting and waiting for this to change
for so long it's just like you never
know what it's gonna be like yeah no
it's really fun no it's really cool I
just feel super blessed and somebody
like that binky likes that one
you
you
oh my god
well when in Rome alley baby brothers
sag and give them a kiss
oh you don't need to grab them
so all he got in trouble he kept playing
the trash a secret telling him no so
after not listening a couple times I
grabbed his hand away and I said mama
told you no and he freaked out ran
toward the wall and hit his head and
started crying and then ran to me and
now this has been happening I was like
being so dramatic
he's not asleep by the way he's just
being dramatic
actually maybe he did fall asleep are
you asleep but I'm just sitting here
holding him and I'm just so blown away
by how freaking big he is like I feel
like ever since we brought Finn home
it's like Oliver has grown up like a
whole other year he just wanted to like
cuddle with Brian for like ever and just
like wanted love I think you fell asleep
would it never happened before you know
ollie is making sure that his dinosaurs
teeth are nice and clean and she's like
white yeah but someone like that used to
say ah huh ah brushes teeth ah there we
go
nothing say night-night yeah alright
niggas ain't nothing to mama
do I sing an elephant you might give my
little kiss on the cheek no it's Olaf do
you see a hat do you see a hat never my
sad alright guys that's all for today's
a video we're gonna put Ollie to bed and
hit the hay but I hope you guys enjoyed
it if you did click that thumbs up
button go check out the new video on
Missy's channel she did belly
progression so you can see her belly
from like 13 to 40 weeks in less than 2
minutes so it's pretty cool go check
that out link down below in the
description thanks for watching guys and
we'll see ya
you time is balloon in this hospital
room where I see you for the very first
time and if you ever see go I hope
you'll always know your mind
yeah these little
