because the vowels that I usually pull
to stop it flushed it again let me just
like exploded everywhere uh bro good
morning this morning oli is pretending
to be a dog just like karma aren't ya
woo cop go to mama go to mama go to mama
Hey roll over
can you roll over oh geez
there's never a dull moment in the daily
bumps house let me tell you good you
dressed a little puppy give me a puppy
here sit oh okay you good morning guys
how's it going I woke up kind of late
this morning with the kids edited the
vlog got it all done think today's just
gonna be a pretty chill day we're wait
until Jared gets here and then we get to
hang out with Jared and he gets to meet
Finn which is really cool Finn is
finally taking a little nap and we are
getting dressed I gotta say guys it is
so nice having this little tree up here
I cannot wait to get a big real tree for
downstairs what do you think the trees
are gonna be up in the Lots no I kind of
thinking I want to start decorating like
the 15th is this like little bit
yeah well Finley's not gonna be asleep
for long
where's your feet
there's your feet but here's your feet
here too you see that hey hand yeah this
is from when you are five days old look
how big your hand is now here let's look
at it whoa it's like a ginormous yeah my
god get out of my swamp all you is he oh
he's not a dog you is he I'm an ogre
yes he Schrag wrong oh look who's here
guys
Jared in the flesh it's me I'm here
you're here thank you for Molly
all he saw Jared and he yelled Jackson
and then ran up to him gave him the
biggest hug it was the cutest thing he
gave me the biggest hug didn't see
Jackson was like no check this out Jared
we got a new little one in here Oh
can I hold on is that of course Jared is
meeting little Finlay I thought look
he's given you who is dad I don't quite
open but you guys are like oh wait he's
putting his shoes away now oh my gosh
and love that he's like so good okay
well Ollie is taking a nap we are going
to use this opportunity to actually get
Finley's handprints and footprints which
is very hard with just one of us so I
got my main man Jared on camera so
thanks for participating bro you're
welcome
please put that right in the middle
right there yep I'm just gonna press his
feet on it yeah get all this little toes
on his little toes got it oh I think
it's
okay oh wait six toes add an extra toe
there's six toes to reach over taxes
wait wait wait
one two three four five not put look put
down there we go that's so precious now
the hard one is the hand who we tried it
earlier and we didn't get that far
yeah Wow the class chosen you you must
go okay ready yeah lot of others hands
fingers oh gosh you know what that one
put that one finger up for the one
finger up we might have gotten it we
might have gotten a let's see oh thank
god is this is so good no is your little
wide out on that everyone that's so good
we did it why couldn't we just use the
ones in the frame it basically looks the
same
look at this foot look at this fun I
mean who's gonna match the fingerprints
right oh look at Ali's foot compares Ali
at five days crazy hadouken is so crazy
look at that Mike is the size difference
Oh cute Oh your toilet is the opposite
of mine Brian it is the opposite of mine
why because the valve that I usually
pull to stop it flushed it again and it
just like exploded everywhere uh bro the
water is supposed to be in the toilet ah
I know okay hey um so I'm pretty sure
this is payback because when I stayed
why
I had a lot of the bathroom yet Ryan
what are you talking no this is so you
know I am NOT the best for me I do not
ever clog this toilet
it was totally you I dared stop
holy crap okay okay we need to get
control when I was up the meat comes I
clogged the toilet and how many times
made a huge mess twice I did twice and
so I'm thinking this is payback Ellie is
probably dying at this right now I need
a I'm pretty sure you were the last to
use the toilet
yes you were I do not remember even
using that toilet today so Missy is
holding Finn and he fell asleep with his
lip on the cloth lately okay what he
fell asleep with the his lip on the
cloth and now it's like stuck to him oh
I ripped it off gays what do like try
something
you got little dry lips buddy he just
had a good yeah I wasn't saying he looks
like he's in a milk coma they just have
that look about yeah okay I'm out for
the count you do doop doop get him Ollie
get on with your laser was later spark
man do you read me
I need backup dampers donk is after me
distracted Oh
ready go oh did you get him
hey Olli are you on Jared yeah oh and
your bud I know we're at the garage and
then just like basically you can make
your own pizza like a subway for pizza
and uh yeah it's got red sauce bacon
pepperoni nice like a movi lovely eyes
doing a house like regular change for
Olli and then I'm actually doing a self
burrito and chicken and bacon - that's
pretty good and you get a salad with it
as well
pizza bro take a bite of that pizza
how is it good it has all these seal of
approval we just got our pizzas they all
look so good I got got pesto chicken
bacon tomatoes meat lovers sweat sack
and Missy's actually eating a pizza
other than cheese right now and all
these obviously likes his pizza so
that's good it's getting away from you
hurry take a bite this kid does not like
being messy either take a bite hurry oh
there you go here have a napkin wipe
your hands
wipe your definitely a clean individual
as soon as we got to your house I took
off my shoes he grabbed this yeah median
yes I love it wipe your face and then
put your napkin right there so you can
use it again okay well we got one down
and one to go
it's witching hour yeah like an hour
maybe like three hours for Finn but it's
like an hour where they just cry nothing
really just kind of a upset time don't
need anything I just awaken dad anyway
that is all for today's vlog we are
watching a movie hanging out Jared's
getting comfortable i dude I can see
your intimates anyway I'm super stoked
that my buddies Jared is here if you
guys are not subscribed him go check out
his channel link down below in the
description but yeah I'm gonna wrap this
together thank you guys for watching
click like we did a like goal the other
day and you guys crushed it what was the
goal 2025 thousand and how many did we
get 5000 you just crushed all the chips
to say that
these checks yes not in your thighs
great so you guys can totally get at
least fifty thousand likes on this video
right well I'm in of course yeah there
you go get fifty thousand likes on this
video just because of Jared okay thanks
thanks Roger
in the fridge
look so good horn guitar
I'd say yeah
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
