you
there's your baby with a nice strong
heartbeat
we're gonna have a baby we're gonna be
so if they'll get in there babe and
literally I was going to pass out from
the pain just really turned off the
water
oh these contractions have it definitely
picked up you guys you can see this on
our chart right now see all those little
Peaks they're so close together - we're
getting closer
you're doing it baby we're gonna meet
him today this is his birthday
10:24
therapy so tired
you know almost done baby almost done
Missy gets a present
we've had one Reese's Peanut Butter Cup
left and we told her when you get to a
five you can have it and we just checked
her and what was she she was sick she
was at six things are progressing nicely
enjoy your reward you are owning this
baby they broke my bag of water a little
bit more cuz then I cut a basically a
cream-filled bite had a lot of fluid
came like a walk it was like a fountain
of fluid it was crazy cool to see and
then I got really really intense so I'm
getting my epidural yes I managed my sex
just like you did it so good baby
you have another an active boy in here
is the servant I repeated present
contractions which is meaning that he is
not stressed by this at home which is
awesome he's like pushing all the water
I can hear him
and then it's heart rate goes up which
is really great and the epidural is in
now you feel a baby
he felt good in the words of my dad like
a human being like a human being
I made it that far I know you did really
good babe that was really impressive I'm
really proud of you good morning guys
we got some sleep contractions to sort
of space out a little and sort of
stalled my cervical change
she had no cervical change though and
like I think it was like I've been four
hours
so unfortunately because I've been
ruptured prune it at that point it was
like thirty hours we did have to go
ahead and start a really really low dose
of pitocin and that since then it seems
to have picked up my contractions and
they did try to turn his head a little
to his head uh sort of in a weird
position he's in position but yeah so
he's had done everything normally babies
tuck their chin when they are coming out
he's kind of like this
he's like kind of charged coming out
proud he's like so I just like this part
of his head is kind of trying to touch
my cervix
yeah oh who's that my baby hey buddy
morning you would auntie how did you see
oh I love you too
but don't cut good okay okay we waited
about four hours to see if I had at
least stopped sort of change when they
checked me there was no change at all
and it's really basically because of his
position he's just not in the right
position to help my cervix because again
it's been so long since my my water
broke on 7403 four hours it's probably
time to start doing a c-section which
isn't the worst thing of the world it's
just disappointing and I I've worked
really hard and I really envisioned I'm
sorry what I thought was gonna happen
and didn't think this was gonna happen
but it's okay like I'm really excited to
meet him and I just want to see them
just kind of prepare my mind and body
for a c-section because I'm ready to
meet him so if it happens like them okay
you did it for 34 hours baby that's
pretty incredible
34 hours yeah yeah that's what we call
it a baby's gonna in a weird position I
gotta push it down this way so as the
cervix when you have contractions into
the cervix pushes against your baby's
head
crystal and I are getting ready caller
oh I love your collar don't we look good
guys I look like a giant marshmallow
this is crazy
I got your hand it's okay it's okay okay
you're okay baby
oh my gosh there's head
you're gonna be a big brother Olly Oh
always literally gonna have a best
friend
lots of us couple hours home he might
read a few clamps
you have to kind of saw
what okay it's just a little smooth he's
okay you guys been through well couple
of hours he's but need breathing finding
screaming bloody murder that's all good
all he's gonna snuggle you a lot buddy
yes he is pounds that is a big baby oh
my goodness you're a big guy big strong
guy huh
home buddy finally get to put them for
the first time you know it's okay
deafness here we're in the NICU right
now just because he's his head was a
little misshapen because of his
placement on the pelvic bone leading to
an electric sound on his head make sure
everything's good and then maybe we can
go see mom okay
yeah he's so cute I mean he's looking at
me now
hi mutter hey big guy Mama's here look
at that baby oh my gosh I'm sorry you
had to wait so long baby he's hungry
he's a big guy
babe we had a 9-pound baby can you
believe that Missy says he looks a lot
like her baby baby photos almost kind of
weird-looking and I - I had that little
piggy nose that yes it's so cute note
that by golly yeah he does huh I know I
know I know
so we just got the results back on the
ultrasound okay everything is good he's
just a little beat up but no like
bleeding right like that so it's out of
stairs baby and papa
good to meet you finally I was a mess
because I just wanted a friend yeah and
I got to see all the it just like made
me so happy
oh yeah everything came I good he's just
a little beaten up and he they said he's
gonna look like a completely different
baby by tomorrow because the swelling's
gonna go down baby's head's are amazing
and they just like put themselves back
together so it's crazy yeah happy so
relieved that we do not have to have a
baby in the NICU tonight oh gosh I would
have been too doubt either slept here
yeah look who's here Holly almost come
in she's right there who's that
that's a baby yeah oh these little hairs
they don't know
and these little eyes they see the world
in different colors and all I can think
about is how I can live with them you
time is but alone in this hospital room
where I see you for the very first time
and if you ever see me go I hope you'll
always know you mind
yeah these little lives
then uncle has become an uncle again
twice the uncle now you got to share
your uncle - okay okay your coolest
sharing family members
how I can't live with the you time is
but a loom in this nursery room can you
point a baby brother there him thinking
again if you think it looks
do you use your little brother
yeah you guys are going to play two guys
they don't know her
and these the lies they see the world in
different colors and all I can think
about is how I can't live without you
time is but alone in this hospital room
where I see you for the very first time
though you'll never see me girl I hope
you'll always know you
oh look at this cutie patootie you guys
can you believe these here today was
crazy you guys but honestly I'm so happy
he's finally here as he does have a kind
of tough of recovery for the next few
days we're going to be here it'll be
nice to go home in a couple days but
they actually have a couple of tests
they have to run on Finley too while
we're here big boy that he's the same
height as ollie
oh yeah yeah small thank you hey buddy I
know right he's so amazing I love you
buddy
well I can't wait for you and Ollie to
play but anyway that's all for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it if you
did click the thumbs up button if you
guys haven't seen all these birth vlog
I'll actually link that down below that
was a very crazy day as well I don't
know why you can just go as planned I
think it makes you stronger in the end
and we got the same outcome that we
wanted so we're very happy oh if you
guys didn't know I actually wrote a
little lullaby for Finley you probably
heard it in this blog you can go check
that out on iTunes down below in the
description I sing it to him today to
when we were in the NICU and he loved it
he got so calm and warm and it was just
oh so great we love you buddy
we're so happy you're here can you say
thumbs up alright thanks for watching
guys we'll see ya in Jana
with you time is but loom in this
hospital room where I see you for the
very first time and if you ever see me
go I hope you'll always know your mind
yeah these little lives they don't know
how heartbreaking
