do you see the lights Finn isn't that
cool
we're getting festive up here aren't we
buddy hey good morning mining he's in
the BA II always duffels over that word
he loves saying peace and pot morning
guys we are off this morning to a fun
little event what are we gonna go see
we're go see Mimi and we're go see
airplanes yeah that sounds fun yeah we
are headed to an airshow and I don't
really know what they're going to do
exactly but it sounded fun and all my
family and aunts and uncles are going so
that we join along got Finn here he's
actually finally asleep he's been
holding my hand you have been always
going on okay he's been holding my hand
and not wanting to let go but he friends
fell asleep
you got your drink what's in there
listen milk what's in your other hand
the spoon he got the spoon from the
cereal box and it's Sully from monsters
huh he was really really hoping for the
buzz one though huh yeah they have like
pictures of all the spoons on the boxes
that you can get there's like Olaf and
Buzz and all these different ones that
he got Sully here's a little
disappointed but mama and dad as driving
high so we are at an air show at the
French Valley Airport it's really cool
because they have all these really
awesome planes and jet that you can like
walk in and walk around and then they
have these little air shows where they
do like acrobatics and stuff with
airplanes so pretty fun and it's an
amazing day that's perfect for two
we went from taking away all his toy
guns to putting her in front of a real
one a path yeah we played with a gun
that was fun oh look at the airplanes
he's the airplane
hey oli do have fun
yeah nice and me we made man papa
are you tired I think your eyes are
falling are you tired
hey baby but Oliver are you still awake
hey sometimes like his eyes are like
half was awake but he's like so hey I
sleep there you go
alright guys we just got back from the
air show and today's really cool because
my dad's family is here hello and look
at this
he's meeting Finn for the first time
what do you think it's a big boy huh I
haven't held a baby and so long I know
right hahaha and for real whoa I look at
him sometimes and I can see a little bit
of you like in the cheek so the eyes are
just like little pieces of all our
family pushed together you know you see
how they get to meet Finn for the first
time today we're gonna eat some pizza
and hang out oh and look what else I
brought old family photos of my dad
which is really cool yeah um we weren't
very good with old photos so we don't
have a whole lot but this is cool dude
oh yeah there he is at a day old and
then there's three years
look at that cute kid yeah that's
awesome
and then they also brought goodies so we
got stuff to munch on
are we looking for huh yeah let's go
find mama mama come on you have a good
nap babe
only you feel okay you gonna poke mama
with that now
all right guys check out what we're
doing right now this might seem a little
premature but we are very excited about
it yeah we are putting up a small
Christmas tree up here just cuz we
really want to feel the spirit even
though just a fake one up yeah it's just
a fake one we'll get our rolling down
all theirs and I love it they're cute
came with an ornament wow that's a very
pretty ornament he's coming on the door
yes Hey I'm so excited for this year
because this year oli would be two for
Christmas and a 2/3 Christmas but I just
feel like he's really gonna start to
understand it more so I'm just excited
to make it like a really fun Christmas
we've been watching all kinds of
Christmas movies are you excited for
Christmas what do you get for Christmas
shoes maybe we'll get you shoes you know
who comes for Christmas Santa Claus
Santa Claus yes we who's calling him the
quasi like alright that's what you want
to call him I am horrible you're not
very good at this
let me try it okay so follow my trace
what mean happy like the best
Vinnie look at the lights
do you see the lights Finn isn't that
cool
we're getting festive up here aren't we
buddy all right we got this tree all set
up and we put one of the women so we got
from Target the other day it's Buzz
Lightyear oli is very confused as to why
buzz is on the tree and not in his hand
so that he can play with them but look
how pretty it is you guys it's just a
simple little Christmas tree
right up here so we have a little bit of
Christmas up here all right cutie Finn
it is time for bath time okay
you're gonna take a bath and you're
gonna like it
look at the little indents on this body
when I touch him I mean he's warm you
know I think he's just a baby
not really since really sensitive skin
you doing his diaper look at that little
smile do you see that cheeky smile hi
dad you taking me
tikka tikka tikka three giggling yeah
all right hop in that bath buddy get you
smelling good I can't wait for your
belly button thing to come off slipping
you're sipping all right you guys I
don't think we could have a much better
daily vlog today today was so much fun
we took Ollie to the air show I got to
hang out with my dad he got to eat bin
and then you saw some super cute smiles
from bin himself I think that's pretty
amazing and actually I want to challenge
you guys normally on these daily videos
we get anywhere between like 7:00
gene 219 20,000 thumbs up can we hit
25,000 thumbs up
can you guys thumbs up this blog because
it's pretty awesome vlog right
thumbs up today's vlog let's see if we
can get it to 25,000 thumbs up that's
been right now that's my cue
I gotta go but thank you guys for
watching hope you guys enjoyed today's
video subscribe comment check out the
link below this good today we'll see you
manana
inside
this is home in the
Hornets are kissing
can't say it
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
