Holly can you say good morning where are
we going today
ready all especially keeps we can make
them all clean for the dentist yeah so
we are headed to all his very first
dentist appointment
I wasn't sure when you're supposed to
make the first appointment some people
do it really soon but you ever TT since
he was like six months so he's pretty
good at it
so I hope there's no cavities but I
don't know if they'll be able to do like
x-rays we'll just go and keep but they
can look at ah um and go easy he knows
all the basic teeth cleaning things
funny having you um are going to the
dentist you like want to make sure teeth
are extra clean yeah come on you've been
having a lot of candy ah I haven't been
to the dentist in a long time somebody
actually made appointments for us as
well I'm pretty nervous about it every
time I have to go to the dentist someone
tells me about the story that they just
went to the dentist and it's like this
horrifying story and I'm always like
nope not going canceling my appointment
I think I've actually made appointments
before and cancelled on some like I'm
sure I'm fine and that was the kind of
kid that went every six months and I
still have cavities shoot it shoot it
shoot it Ollie shoot the robot pew pew
pew
shoot it
we've been teaching oli not to shoot
people because he likes to point the gun
at us for trying to fix that and so
today he is doing some target practice
with the room back and look at this guy
all sleepy and tired are you gonna feed
him cuz he's good now okay he's going to
his home yeah and we're off to the
dentist I actually attempted to do my
hair today what do you think attempt you
did it looks good no Isis is really
frizzy haha
even got it to calm down this much they
don't want to traumatize him but it is
like a kid's dentist that is
specifically supposed to be fun and they
give him like toys and like balloons and
all kinds of fun stuff it'll be like I
know right
I think that he will probably freak out
but we're gonna try and make it as fun
as possible and I'm sure that they'll
like maybe even let him like sit on our
lap are you excited to go to dentist
yeah you rushing your keys all clean Joe
the York is right there it is look at
that hey ollie
oh yeah oh look up there look up there
it's a snake do you see the snake this
is such a cool little office and look it
over here they got video games all free
games to pet the kitty pet the kitty oh
say good kitty and they got minions on
Holly he's so happy
oh you ok ok ok we do uh home number ok
no we're in the playroom Ollie you're
gonna get your teeth cleaned maybe and I
have puffy stickers too at hospital sir
he's got an apple you got the Apple he's
like I'm good I don't need I don't need
the puppy I got an apple real all right
come on buddy I'll do it yeah Wow
it's ok but you're five no show your
fears wiggle your fingers Wow but what
about our puppy ok
all right all the after dentist how was
that he's trying to distract himself he
did not do it very well but she said
everything looks good so that's good
okay buddy
very gosh this must occur no ah just
give him mom some cuddles play you gonna
choose something from the treasure box
Oh a dinosaur look at the horsey back
yeah dinosaur some listener that
appointment went semi-successful he was
a little bit freaked out doing it but
honestly it lasts like 30 seconds they
look at his teeth he everything is good
which is what we want to hear and then
he spent the majority of the time come
playing and having a blast so I really
don't think that he'll even remember
anything about it and if we ask him up a
dentist he'll probably be like yeah but
I actually just ran into a little like
organic store figure out him more earth
space because we're running low on his
toothpaste and this is what we usually
use and then I also grabbed this soap
that people have been telling me to get
because I'm super itchy I actually think
I might have now post pregnancy pups
because I've got like the little red
dots and I'm super super itchy and so
everyone's been telling me to get this
grandpa's pine tar soap but I tell you
it stinks
it smells like tar smells like a grandpa
yeah I don't like it either what's going
on the bunch I know
Brenna's bustin and Oliver actually had
to do a part to lie all a play for a
little bit before I have an appointment
so he can like run and play and run off
some energy that he definitely has
alright we stopped at this really cool
park for Ollie to play it's the same
park actually that has the splash pad
but it looks like they have the splash
pad off for the season because it's no
longer summertime he's running around
though this is honestly probably the
coolest park in our area but we can only
come to it when we're when we're down
here it's not a horse no it's a rocket
this kids getting like lunch number five
yeah is he doing good just doing a lot
of little snack so it's like every time
we stop we've got to eat something
it is such a beautiful day out you guys
look at we're actually wearing pants and
boots and boots here kind of hot
it was just nice starting to feel really
good here in Cali he's still hanging
onto that dinosaur he got at the dentist
gonna go down all on your own
good job dude - yeah he's gonna climb
these little lily pad things Gary he's
got it he's got it
get up was he spicy doing it like that
good job dude
whoa all right they found the slides
hold Mama's hand
Missy's yours it's kind of wonky hey
buddy how's it going he always does this
thing with his face like what's going on
what why am I here what is the purpose
of all this you know I were just talking
about how cool it's gonna be when Finn
is 2 and oli is 4 and they're like
playing and hanging out at the park it's
gonna be crazy cool are you gonna go
down the slide whoo good job did its
Mary hello no it's Old MacDonald had a
farm eieio
oh no we've been teaching Olly to get in
his seat himself so what he does now is
he crawls behind the seat and then up on
here and then into your car seat ha
buddy good job kid ho ho
and he's actually doing it faster every
time and then he sits down he's like
okay buckle me in all right it is asleep
right now and
the other one is asleep as well so look
what we did we actually set up his seat
and we laid it down
now I can both sleep in this this thing
is amazing
oli is becoming such an independent
little boy now when we get home he gets
assaulted by karma and then he undo his
shoes take your shoes off buddy slip it
off there you go
here I'll help you this one kay ah nope
you want your socks off too now put your
shoes in the shoe bin come on open it up
good job keep up mama shoes in there too
please put this kid to work come on
there you go one more and shut it give
me five boom huh that's his umbilical
cord you had one of those but only for
five days his is taking much longer you
looking at you huh Ollie can you give
your blankie to him he farted and all he
said scuse you there's this binky give
us blanket tuck him in really tight K
there you go
where's oli hmm oh hi alright I am
catching up on laundry which I know saw
this a thousand times but I am so good
and making laundry clean I'm not good at
folding in it and my piles have grown so
much with just adding one kid because
now I have like a swaddle pile and a
burp rag pile and receiving blanket
style of course his clothes pile and a
whole nother pile of shorts and pants
for him and it's crazy it's like it's so
crazy but anyways we had such a busy day
had a lot of fun we played in boat and
we got a lot done we're actually going
to go ahead and go to bed now
Oh poke your scratch card yay we used to
get these all the time my pocket so cool
I'll have to play that and look I'm in
my onesie I am ready for bed so we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog I hope
you enjoyed it today give it a thumbs up
if you did take thumbs up says that they
paint thumbs up he's like mom sheesh
alright guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
ok bye and this little heart
it sees the good in everybody
how I can't live without you
time is butter them in this nursery room
where a rocky mother
