look at this huge pancake all he got
he's got little bites all around it and
you got a big plate huh yeah you got
food how you liking your pancake you
cutie that pancakes bigger than your
head
good morning guys just got back from
grabbin Missy some breakfast
Missy woke up this morning really
wanting biscuits and gravy and I didn't
have anything to make it and she's like
just go to the restaurant down the
street and get it I'm like all right
well whatever you say goes
so we got some yummy biscuits and gravy
babe you need something savory and
something filling I'm going nauseous
yeah good
what okay oh shrek yeah yeah we have
shrek on today yes a morning maybe t hey
hi okay yeah no no you could talk though
say what we've been doing this morning
that's going over did you eat breakfast
you practice yeah we ate your breakfast
b√ºndchen no don't touch the gym right
you go be nice you'll be gentle okay
when you have to breakfast always Oh
chicken did you have pancakes there's a
Beckett yeah I say bye
that's ending the fight well we're not
ending here we go
good job okay I feel sick and then what
does it say Oh uh-huh yeah I uh that's
pretty cool that's a kitty cat huh I was
just getting all day ready for the day
and I turned around and saw him in the
teepee reading it was the cutest thing
you reading a book in your DP hey you
want to go to the park today and have
some fun you can bring your keys let's
bring your keys in your car okay we're
at the park and I'm actually really
excited today's a beautiful day like the
weather is literally perfect right hot
Oh um but yeah I was really determined
to take all these apart cuz my mom and I
Cassie didn't get a chance to take him
yesterday and he needs to play I feel
bad we just been so focused on baby that
he hasn't been able to play lately yes I
was gonna try and teach him it's funny
but as much as I I'm like dealing with
this pregnancy I'm actually at the last
final days like I only have a few days
left of being pregnant and I'm gonna
enjoy it because who knows when we're
gonna be pregnant again take your foot
off and then keep them kick on the
ground yeah don't put your foot back up
your foot down and kick and then put it
up yay good job if mom if mom and dad
aren't here to push you you got to do it
yourself
with cake I'm good dad almost so close
so good
must be hard to put it foot that doesn't
he doesn't have his weight on that one
yeah yeah oh yeah you buzz show you help
me your arms put your arms out and then
say to infinity and beyond take to
infinity and beyond you're really flying
buddy annoyed
you
did you find the bunny Holly what was
over there buddy
a bunny was it scary
you should have pet it I think he's
scared of you don't worry Kay don't
worry he wasn't gonna eat do you guys
remember when Free Bird sent us that
shirt for ollie
well we totally missed it but I was
hanging it up today and I saw the other
side the front of it and this is what it
says it says ollie you guys they
actually made him a customized little
shirt for free birds I think that's
amazing I'm missing I decided well okay
well guess we'll go to free birds today
so we're at free birds and I just opened
his door and this is what's happening
he is very asleep you guys like very
asleep oh he is so out of it he can't
even there you go
if you awake you're good okay good
offered that species under oh my
goodness so cute just got our burritos
and they save his and bird yeah and
actually the manager recognized our
YouTube channel and he calmed her food
so Thank You Caleb from three words yeah
go check them out very cool we're
excited and always excited to eat his is
the quesadilla and rice hot and you got
your little well in your chips that's
right chip all right guys we just had an
amazing lunch at free birds honestly
free birds is always so good and
everyone who works there is always super
nice it's just a really great place so
if you guys are in the Temecula area
definitely hit up this free birds
if not then check to see if our free
words is around you and go check them
out because they make some pretty dang
good burritos you guys yeah Missy like
loves them Philly yeah they're so
filling and good quality food it tastes
like process
yeah we've always loved free birds so go
check them out and you guys should
definitely go check out the picture I
posted on my Instagram of Olly looking
pretty cute in his free birds uniforms
I'm looking at the pictures so I
actually worked up the energy to film
with update which I really wasn't sure I
could be able to do after I got done
filming I of course grab me a steak
heart out and came downstairs but before
I went to edit I put away some dishes
and I kind of was like doing some
cleanup stuff around here and then
anyway oh thank you yeah I did I turned
around to grab my SD card and put it in
my computer and it was gone and I was
like oh my god are you getting me
where'd you put momma's SD card I know
it was you
wait a minute why don't you better go
get it if it's in there is that where
you put my SD card you put things in
that all this yes his toys are always in
here there's actually a battery in there
at the moment and that is also where the
card is see if I can oh my gosh I could
see the B I need a gold oh okay okay
okay I feel like there's a good job it
got it girl Oh grab it grab it
oh you are turn little tinker give you a
little prankster but we're at my mom's
tonight cuz she offered to make a
thinner but always been so cute check
this out he grabbed my mom's computer
and yet what are you doing he's looking
for Disney videos on YouTube yeah you
just getting some work done
oh and that is an apple right there yes
we opened up a notepad right here so
that start his own a derby yes don't
type in their way
yeah Holly say bye bye
yeah here's your glasses morning right
now my glass oh alright guys that's all
for today's vlog we had such a blast
today though Missy is right we're kind
of just taking a step back or gonna just
enjoy the last few days of Missy being
pregnant because we know it can't be
much longer now no matter what happens
basically at this point so yeah I had a
really good day with family and that's
what it's all about you guys Missy
spitting only to bed now um hopefully
that goes a little better than it did
last night but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did click
the thumbs up button subscribe comment
follow me on Twitter all that fun stuff
we'd have we've been having a blast of
the hash tag Olly from Freebirds
so if you guys want to go on Twitter and
tweet that and check out the pic go do
it because it's really funny people are
making some really funny edits but
anyway thanks for watching guys see ya
and out of this counting all the places
we go now who knows the troubles we'd
overcome who knew
downing all the crops we did gather
round
who knew
we would have found
and if everyday you tell me what he
believed you who knew
