good morning from the cutest little
muggle-born ever hey buddy good morning
guys this morning I am an Finley's
nursery and I'm getting them all ready
for the day I ordered this onesie online
like a long long time ago and I was like
I'm gonna put him in that onesie I think
one of you guys actually tweeted me a
link to it and I was like yes that's
happening so I had to put him in this
muggle-born onesie which if you guys
don't know a muggle-born is from Harry
Potter
we had a really good night last night
didn't we didn't we all we woke up for a
little bit and then he ended up sleeping
in our bed it's kind of like a routine
where he gets out of his bed I go and
lay with him to put him back to sleep
and then a couple hours later he comes
and ends up sleeping in our bed anyway
we can handle it we have a big bed so we
have the space also I put Finlay on this
carpet in his room and I think he loves
it because it's so soft and it's got
like this very different texture so you
can feel it on his head and on his arms
and on his feet mm-hmm
do you see yourself who's that
there's that cute little baby he is
totally checking himself out right now
oh my gosh that is hilarious
Ollie can you turn on Finley swing so
you can swing
turned on there you go
thank you you're such a good big brother
helping out huh
good morning guys I have been trying to
get stuff done I have definitely been
falling behind obviously with a newborn
and so I've been trying to fold clothes
I've got two more loads here to fold
I've got a ton of clothes here to hang
ten of clothes newborn clothes to hang
pretty interesting here and often which
is not letting me like put it down he
was crying and so I actually broke out
my ergo I've been kind of trying out all
my carriers I broke out the Ergo and
then I actually put him in the newborn
insert and then I but he fell asleep on
me so that I was just able to lay him
right into the rock and play in the
newborn insert so it worked out really
well we got the other boys getting ready
what are you gonna do today ollie yeah
you're gonna go see minions
yeah the play minions down at the dollar
theatre stove yeah we're going a little
daddy son date going on and then go to
Ruby oh you gonna go get food we're we
went to bed like you go take a nap and
then you can go to minions with Danny
and you woke him he's like Megan's it's
so excited on yeah I'm kind of sad that
I'm not going but at the same time I
really need to catch up on a lot of
things that I need to take care of here
plus I have a newborn take care of I
can't sit in that movie see Evan you're
awake you're awake again what happened
Holly and I are getting lunch and look
what he got you show him it's Charlie
Brown keeps a Charlie Brown
and minions yes we brought his minion
toy alone that he can take him to the
theater
yeah what about mama yeah Mama's at home
with the baby all he loves the apples
and the chicken here at McDonald's
so I decided we were in a bit of a time
crunch juice so yeah they're nice and
fast huh
and your milk yeah here take a drink of
milk we got to leave in two minutes okay
and I don't want to be late so we got to
go okay yeah what do you see what
what do minions do
that's his minion impression he sees the
poster he's already forget seen this
movie you guys yeah did you see the
minions what yeah let's go watch it come
on he has all set up you guys he's got
lemonade popcorn gummies and we are the
only ones in the theater how about that
this so cool yeah minions all right so I
got all kinds of stuff done at home and
now I am out with my mom and sister
because I need to grab some things at
Target I am attempting to nurse in a
carrier with a cover but he's kind of
just getting it everywhere I don't know
if we're quite there yet huh
we actually are pretty good at
nourishing like without hands and stuff
but he is not doing very good right now
aren't you how did they grab this
sweater for ollie look at this it's like
an ugly Snoopy sweater it's oq' it's not
ugly at all actually but it kind of
looks like what would be like an ugly
sweater all right I need to get back to
this kid he's just not coping we just
got out of the movie Ollie how was the
movie you liked it I liked he all he
decided to run up to the front and sat
down where mama usually sits you want to
sit up here with Dada Dada yeah you want
to try and drive steer do the car do the
car it's not really moving coz it's not
on hey thanks for coming to the movies
with me today buddy I had so much fun it
was seriously so much fun he laughed he
yelled at the screen he just loves the
minions so much he had so much fun and
we were the only ones in there so that
was really nice baby is sleeping so cute
pull that down a little he is sleeping
I'm just actually cleaning up while I
wait for Brian and all you get hold it
sounds like all I had like a blast which
is super fun yeah I'm just trying to
send your home so we can eat some dinner
I gotta clean up the kitchen look at all
this candy we have I don't know how
we're gonna eat all this I don't even
think we like like half of it not a lot
of candy here and actually 20 they gave
us a couple different Halloween candies
that apparently the chocolate is orange
kind of weird I we opened up by races
and the chocolate was like orange color
I could not try it because I was too
much of a baby but it probably tastes
the same it just we
but yeah we've got so much candy yeah
how are you get rid of it show her your
Charlie Brown why are you a Charlie
Brown he's gonna really like that movie
no okay asabi it's not fine just hanging
out with data father-son bonding time
brought home some soup and bread sticks
so we're all cuddled up on the couch
eating dinner we were outside right how
nice was it it was like cloudy and cool
and it finally felt like fall and I was
like let's go get a Christmas tree are
you gonna go get a Christmas tree as
soon as that up right totes I want a big
one this year I wanted to go all the way
up there yes they can do it all with
that high it would fill the entire
living room I know it would be the
roundness would be crazy that would be
just so cool no and now look at her
she's all cuddled up eating soup as a
soup where's my boy my other boy hey
little boy he sucked out did you have a
busy day with Mama
he's actually kind of smiling right now
Missy look at all of us huddled together
up here on the bed Holly and I are
watching some of the Pixar short films
because I got the collection on iTunes
and it has this really awesome one
called feast with the dog which is
adorable we watched it in theaters and
it's like amazing watched it so many
times and it also has Elsa's frozen
fever on it which Ollie loves cuz he
loves him some Elsa huh buddy
Queen Elsa huh so he always ducky ducky
and so we always put it on yeah anyway
we're all just cuddled up on the bed
Finn is wearing this contraption yes
he's wearing a Kenan swaddle something
like that it basically like makes this
perfect little peanut what I like about
it is the that there's two zippers one
up here and one down here and I can
easily just zip this up and change him
in the middle of the night and then zip
it back down I don't have to completely
unspotted so it actually works out
pretty nicely and it keeps you all
snuggled didn't work no one can become a
midnight oh yeah mm eh what's going on
on the screen
I haven't even no no no okay how's it
done you going night-night anyway yeah
that's all for today's vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did give a thumbs
up comment subscribe check out those
links below in the description Ollie can
you say bye thanks for watching see ya
manana all the same in Jana
na you time is balloon in this hospital
room where I seen for the
first time and if you ever see me go I
hope you'll always know
you mind
yeah these little
