show me clap with your feet hey I just
saw him how to do that good morning guys
smiles no not that good actually good
afternoon
take good afternoon Oh what was that
dinosaur Wow I'm gonna be honest guys I
woke up and watched the Halloween
special that Brian edited and I was like
oh my gosh all he's gonna freak out and
of course he did you love watching Olly
and Woody and Buzz
yes watched it probably like 10 - I know
I know we've like been watching it with
him over and over cuz he loved it he
just watches the first four minutes and
it is like the cutest thing ever he
loves it then is officially a week old
yes yes mm-hmm got him for a week now so
hi buddy he's wearing his boy one Z that
Oliver yup I've been picking the clothes
that Ollie used to wear more favorably
now yeah it's so cute he's such a good
boy though yes he is seriously like such
a good baby like he pretty much just
wants to nurse all the time and then he
sleeps and for a while I was having a
really hard time finding a position for
him to sleep in he really only wanted to
sleep on my chest but I figured out what
the problem was he does not like
sleeping if the fan is on yes well me
and Brian are officially sleeping in
puddles of sweat it's pretty miserable
but you know what he sleeps in his
co-sleeper on his back just like he's
supposed to
and um you know what whatever works
still about him right
hello hi he's like oh my goodness he's
actually taking the binky he like never
takes it but sometimes he'll will this
is a cool little holder - yeah I know my
these are two beads uh-huh and then it's
got a dinosaur on so did you see the
dinosaur unfair look it come look at the
dinosaur
what are they big dinosaur they go wrong
yeah that's Finn's dinosaur isn't that
cool
the one thing I like about the pinky as
well is that all it really does like
giving the binky to fin and I think it
kind of helps him feel like involved as
well so sometimes he'll be like oh maybe
and he like kind of gives him the binky
hi ollie
show me how you clap with your feet
show me clap with your feet hey I just
saw him how to do that now say do what
does a monkey say cuz that's what
monkeys do how they clap with their feet
and they go ooh ah careful okay you
gotta be nice don't kick mama oh and
then you gross
is that what dinosaurs do
you're crazy that's one boy and then we
got the other boy over here sleeping
away happy as can be right now he does
not like getting his car seat but then
once he's in he's like all right huh
so I always end up sitting back here and
I'm like I don't really have to be back
here but I do like seeing this kid he's
really oh yeah oh yeah what do you admit
what have you been doing today ollie
no what did you play and did you take a
nap and now where are we going where we
going hey we're gonna go play at the
park what are you gonna play with like a
bike you're excited yeah let's go play
okay check this out you guys we got
ollie a brand new balance bike and
tricycle all he does have a balance bike
now but it's a little bit more advanced
so this one will hopefully help him in
the in-between stages which is where
he's at right now yeah do you like it
yay so excited look at this cool little
storage Department it hasn't a seat -
that's nifty you can put your money in
there put your money that you find
that's where auntie you always put her
yeah we decided today we would take
Ollie to the park so that he can test it
out and Finley can get a little bit of
Sun and fresh air is he just pretty good
outside of the house so chill now he's
really our one week old baby it was a
week old as yesterday on Halloween how
are you gonna ride your bike you so
excited okay we are going to the tennis
court area because it's nice and private
and shaded and allow him to just focus
and try and ride this thing so you can
push it with your little feet he's ready
he's so excited
you want to try and ride your bike
alright
hop on nice height huh put your hands on
the handlebar
you gotta push with your feet it's not
like a tricycle you push with your feet
buddy put your feet on the ground like
what's done style there you go Oh
backwards well oh yeah that's okay get
back up again that's what we do when we
fall okay sit on it and then go with
your feet and go forward come to our
time there you go good job how is it
think it is it fun yeah whoa bye all
right hop back on come toward dead ah
there you go
are you doing good yes you like it yeah
it's like your first bike so it's right
now on the tricycle setting so
technically it's like three wheels it's
still kind of a balance obviously but
then huh as he gets better at it you can
flip it around and it becomes just two
wheels yeah pretty cool you can tell he
thinks he's so cool I know good way yeah
steer toward mama turn come on there you
go aha I even turned his wheel good job
buddy oh you okay
you keep crashing on your bike dude
hello are you done you exhausted already
you dressed already you barely even did
it your grass guy right he hasn't no but
I just wish it to the two-wheel seagull
I put the seat up higher careful you got
it balance it better there you go
that when you got to balance a little
bit more so basically those two wheels
they just wrap around to the other side
so that it's not so much of a balance
that weighs a little harder huh yeah so
to go back to the tricycle mode you
basically take that piece off and then
what do you do there you go and it makes
the wheels these back those farther
apart so he has more balance so then you
just basically put it back on and we
have a cat apparently is that our baby
yep
making me these weird sounds apparently
at Birth a cat what are you doing are
you having bad dreams buddy so funny all
right all he did so good with his little
bike I got him a sucker that sound good
take it it's all yours hey go get mama
show her your sucker
that's yours your sucker huh this kid's
obsessed with suckers he's going crazy
over it is that good yeah it's good
yeah it gets everywhere don't touch it
we'll just wipe it up later hey Olli can
I have a lick mmm Mama's gotta have a
lick too it actually is a good one
yeah we're just sitting here enjoying
the fresh air sharing a lollipop
a nollie pop lollipop I used to call you
ollie pop all the time buddy Keisei
Ollie pop look at Finley right now you
guys he looks so adorable mm-hmm oh my
gosh it's crazy just how much his face
is changing you know oh my gosh kiddo I
love you Nessus ohh ohh ohh ohh are you
pooping Oh kind of a smile oh the many
faces of a newborn we're leaving the
park now all he's got sucker in his
mouth and ride him back to the car
you're like a pro at that now
he likes to store the sucker in his
cheek all right you guys we are all
hanging out in bed as a family eating
some dinner we got chicken and bread and
noodles decided just to come up and
relax watch a movie you actually have
the book of life on which is pretty
interesting because it's about dia de
los muertos which is the Day of the Dead
which is tomorrow for us today for you
guys yeah we generally did not do that
in purpose but I was like oh that's so
interesting
but if you're someone who celebrates Dia
de los Muertos tell me all about it in
the comments because I would love to
know what you do what it means to you
that sort of thing that'd be very
interesting holly was kind of in a bad
mood so we were like let's just yeah it
kind of still is we're like let's just
cuddle on there on the bed and Finn just
ate so he's pretty happy a happy boy now
thank you
hey buddy thank you are you ready for
bed well I'm gonna go ahead and call it
and I hope you guys enjoyed today's
little blog if you did click that thumbs
up button subscribe leave comments check
out the links below in the description
and we will see a minion P say bye key
say bye-bye
Benny can you say bye penny no that's
okay look at that look she's not look
he's giving you it's so cute how I can't
you time is balloon in this hospital
room where I see you for the very first
time and if you ever see me go I hope
you'll always
your mind
yeah these
