hah whoo that was some sleep
star command commence darkman we've seen
two crash-landed on an uncharted planet
there isn't any intelligent life
anywhere mm-hmm oh hey woody how's it
going
looks like our Olly is gone everything
seems good though Oh quiet nothing to
report you're a toy in trouble
approaching destination howdy
I'm Jesse sure is nice to meet you we've
heard shouting this one to make sure no
one wasn't trouble your critters in
trouble your leg
you'd make a tremendous addition to the
roundup gang don't you think so woody
now Jessie this is really important have
you seen Olly we fear he may be missing
why he just ran past me faster than a
Coonhound
chase let's take el el huh another twin
trouble we're all away
please be careful you don't want to get
in the way when I fire my laser you have
seen my life I'm eternally grateful it
was honestly nothing just doing my job
as a Space Ranger sir come quick
they're toys engaged in an argument lead
the way soldier yes sir pardon me but
what seems to be the problem I'm just
getting ready for No Shave November
correct always approaching
juvenile intrusion all civilians line up
assume the position is an honor serving
with you boys
and there you have it you guys yes we
are doing the family of Toy Story look
at all of us don't we look good how
about those acting skills too huh that
was pretty cool
you guys did really good yes so Missy is
Jessie the cowgirl Mimi and Papa are mr.
and mrs. Potato Head they did pretty
good
Finley as the peas in the pod you did
great buddy he's literally peeing in the
pond he is peeing in that pod yes he is
and then we have of course oliver as
woody good job high five buddy yeah we
had to coax him with lots of candy yeah
that was fun auntie is the green army
man she served her role pretty well no
so Jimmy is the alien and this wasn't
completely part of the plan but Jimmy
did not fit in that costume so we had to
swap worked out perfectly yeah yeah
that's some morph suit you're wearing I
am like it's like skin-tight say like up
my arm like yeah Cassie went full
character you guys give it to Cassie so
yeah that was tons of fun happy
Halloween we are Toy Story and we are
gonna have a lot of fun today
who's how are you wearing that Jessie's
hot
he wears that hat more than his own hat
huh
she's a breastfeeding the peas in the
pod that's completely normal
they actually cut that from Toy Story 3
Missy actually made some brain rice
krispie treats look at these you guys
and we have pumpkin cookies and actually
all you did so good you want a pumpkin
cookie my cookie that's what Halloween's
about huh all right we are out of the
house and we're actually headed to a
Harvest Festival than my aunt and
uncle's Church are putting on so check
ID he's so excited took her three watch
all kinds of videos on trick-or-treating
how do you do it yeah you take
trick-or-treat yeah yeah we actually
watched the look who's vlogging it
actually is a really good video on out
teaching how to like trick-or-treat and
he watched it like a ton of times this
morning he's like hey I'm in that yeah
he does a cute little video we got Finn
here he's he wasn't really super happy
about getting in the car so I had this
time back here to be with him but we're
already Brian took off his costume yeah
it's pretty hot it's a pretty warm day
hey what you want to buy it what of my
hat once candy I know you need me so
much candy today
all right ante and Ollie are jumpin or
woody and green army man jump Ollie jump
jump jump go buddy go woody go woody so
I guess I'm at the Harvest Festival in a
different costume this is the dad who
lost his baby where's my baby where's my
baby she took my baby mm-hmm tara lynn
is holding Finn happy he's doing really
good too enjoying the fresh air like it
smells like cinnamon all right we are
now in this bounce house and if you look
closely there is a buzz and a woody
that's so cool
Olly look it's buzz he's like I just
want to talk to you can I just talk to
you can we be best friends
check these fools out what are you
officially Maddie and the Rubies diner
yeah that is pretty awesome she's got
the yellow glove under there it's all
stuck together that's pretty ingenious
you look good dude dude look at that
neck tattoo kate is that's cool all
right we are trick-or-treating there's a
hoe he keeps saying knock knock we're at
people's doors it's so cute
you got a pumpkin and you're
trick-or-treating huh say trick-or-treat
Olly look at that giant pumpkin it's
huge
you see the eyes let's go buddy
we trick-or-treat in
ooh pumpkins you knock on the door buddy
good you know what to say right they
took a cheat thank you Halloween good
job buddy we are back and oli is
destroying this Pizza Pizza is that good
yeah it is he kicked his cowboy boots
off his socks off and he's like I am
enjoying myself did you have so much fun
trick-or-treating buddy yeah we had such
a blast trick-or-treating guys and we
had an excellent Halloween but I'm go
ahead ahead and call it a night if you
guys enjoyed today's vlog click that
thumbs up comment below subscribe check
out all the links below in the
description I hope you guys all had a
fun and safe Halloween thanks for
watching we'll see you manana he say bye
bye he's a happy Halloween yeah
you time is balloon in this hospital
room where I see you for the very first
time and if you ever see me go I hope
you'll always
you mind
yeah these
