they say me swinging and they hatin
patrolling trying to catch me swinging
and dirty tryna catch me swinging dirty
trying to catch me swing and dirty
trying to catch me swinging dirty your
brother swinging dirty he say good
morning to your brother please you gonna
tickle him it's you all done up he's got
his hair done he's all dressed up Finny
still needs to be dressed up and
actually we're gonna give him his first
bath today
but we are all ready for the day we are
eatin breakfast
today's an exciting day what happens
today are you in new boring photos
mm-hmm yes we're gonna take the kids
together somewhere fun since I'm cool
hey oli guess what's gonna be there
pumpkins okay can you take out the trash
for dead sure thank you
whenever we ask all you to do something
he goes shoo and it means sure all right
unwrapping this little guy it's that
time he's so tired I'm kind of nervous
because all we always loved bath time
and I'm like it what if he hates it when
the thing starts crying like I like it I
don't know I think I liked it
yeah it's always hard in the beginning
to watch over you can't get their belly
button wet so it's like you can't really
be submerged in the waters and not like
the most comfortable we're just gonna
like wipe them down like this face I
think he likes it you're not crying
that's good
oli look at me
my brother he's taking a bath huh you
love that time huh and one day he's
gonna take it back with you that's some
fun I've heard a bunch of that yeah he
not clean how was that buddy why do you
think your first bath
your brother smoke signal mom oh it's
okay okay
oli is making himself comfy in Finley's
bad aren't you you just got to climb out
now yeah and we got crystal here again
what up girl you sick of this yet no
crystal was there through the whole
birth taking photos she did misuse
maternity photos she did all these
newborn photos honestly crystal you are
probably one of the best photographers
I've ever met so go check her out you
guys all have her YouTube channel she
just started linked down below in the
description she's gonna be doing like
photography tips and stuff and if you're
in the San Diego area look her up
because she doesn't really cool like day
in the lifestyle photos where she kind
of just follows you around for a while
and captures your family it's really
kind of an amazing thing
thank you yeah but we're gonna have some
fun today and do some newborn photos huh
underwater new water yes
or how about on top of a volcano just
top ourselves out in the ocean or like
yeah but we're getting this guy all
fueled up so hopefully he takes a good
nap afterwards and then we can
manipulate him we're gonna try and do
one with the belly cast - that's Ollie's
and that's Finley she's just talking
about how we did all these probably just
like a week or so after he was born so
he fainted perfectly but this was in it
35 weeks
those are big burp he's won at 41 so how
many we see does like six weeks yeah
this is pretty small I'm not sure if
I'll fit though he can track
Karina's yeah
all right we're going to do the really
cool shot now where it's basically two
pictures and crystal puts them together
in toast but where it looks like he's
holding his head up we have something
really cute for his you got a little
money here's all we did the Hat Yai any
favoritism yeah it was pretty amazing
all right so we are setting up the shot
that we've all been waiting for the
belly cast of course we did the belly
guess at 35 weeks he was born at 41 he's
now technically he's be going on like 42
right yeah he's quite humongous for my
little belly that's not right his feet
were right in my boobs
we got Holley addressed as a woody and
we are just finishing up this shoot and
we have a surprise for ollie
gonna see how he reacts with wisp in
what is he he's buzzed
this is cookies what is but yeah that's
a buzz does huh can you give them a hug
oh is that so cool
Karma's got your dinosaur what are you
gonna do about it
Oh Tom let go karma let go can you let
go crime bow oh you okay
we are finally all done with photographs
and our house is kind of a mess now and
all he apparently was in the
photographing mood cuz he took a picture
of himself
oli can I see the picture you took woah
that's a good picture dude he totally
just wants the dinosaur also look what
came out today you guys new Apple TV so
cool cuz now you can play apps like
Crossy Road oli actually loves watching
me play cross the road on my iPhone so I
bet he'll like it even more on the TV oh
oh did you get it look at this you guys
you can play Crossy Road on the Apple TV
I think that's so cool just having like
games and apps and stuff I think that's
pretty neat Damir options how many times
before we go we're starting to get
some hot chocolate at the am/pm because
they have the best hot chocolate ever
and actually more than the hunter that
they have even better whipped cream I
don't like the cream but they like rave
about it right caste she loves it she's
getting a lot like a comedian so she put
extra whipped cream in it
here is the whipped topping that they
all talk about hopefully it works and so
here you guys loves it
no regrets look at this little cutie
he's even got shoes oh yeah and if he
makes this one super messy we have a red
one yes the same one in red it's so warm
and cuddly and sought to just the
greatest baby ever look I'm so excited
we're going to the pumpkin patch and
we're taking both the boys gonna carry
him
yeah Mutulu yeah I'm gonna put you in
with mom okay they put him in the how
tall this wall yeah at the pumpkin patch
here like what I do not even go to a
pumpkin patch at a week oh I am a week
oh I'm sorry buddy maybe if you were
born earlier you wouldn't be so young
we're just gonna go in here and let Olly
play with a couple of games and jump on
a couple of themes yes we got Jefferson
family here with us what up girl all
right we are at the giant shark and
Ollie is having a blast he's having so
much fun
you having so much fun oh my gosh Oh
golly that good buddy whoo he got a
little bit crazy there all right how
tall this fall let's check Finley's
height here oh wow
right on the for dang buddy you're
taller than ollie no he's probably way
down there
I think we've accepted that all of our
kids are going to be very short we just
got home and Missy sat oli here to take
off his shoes he literally fell asleep
on the stairs you guys he's got a sucker
all over him I have to even like a bat
yeah they gave him a sucker at the
restaurant so he's super sticky so
Missy's taking up to get a shower hey
you gotta get ready for Becky oh I'm
sorry
hands up
arms up his hands are sticking together
yo just realize he doesn't have a sucker
okay you can be mad look at this little
candy corn baby all ready for bed
all used to wear that onesie huh I think
that's so cool
they can wear the same clothes this is
actually like a zero to three I mean
might be actually too much it's a little
baggy but I was like this is the last
night anyway that's all for today's vlog
you guys I hope you enjoyed it if you
did give it a thumbs up and leave a
friendly comment below if you're new
subscribe check out the links below in
the description we're gonna call it a
night put this kid to bed did we ever
actually put this kid to bed he doesn't
really go to bed he's kind of always
awake joys of having a new boy um today
is Halloween for you guys so I hope you
have a safe and fun Halloween we're
pretty excited to celebrate it with
Finley and the entire family tomorrow
wait till you see our costumes I'm
excited for you to see anyway that's all
for today's vlog rush a manana by how I
can
you time is but alone in this hospital
room where I seem for the very first
time and if you ever see go I hope
you'll always know your mind
yeah these
