well good morning to you too buddy yeah
you eaten pancakes good morning guys I'm
downstairs with the boys what's wrong
you were totally fine and now you're
crying what's wrong baby
Finley just needed some lovin huh hi hi
what do you want for breakfast want
pancakes
do you want sausage do you want bananas
no you're pretty full had a really
really great night last night Oliver you
did so good thank you he slept in his
bed all night and Missy and I just
basically tag-teams the whole newborn
thing so she nursed him I burped him I
changed his diaper and went pretty well
last night and I'm not overly tired
which is very nice as well home mister
you're so cute you're so cute you know
that there you go buddy oh look at that
cheeky little smile that was adorable
here you go buddy I got you back in your
little your little nest okay I think
you're pretty comfy that was a pretty
adorable smile I feel like it took Holly
forever to smile and Finley has been
giving us these little like cheeky
smiles you guys does anything look
different about our little fence face
can you see it his eyes all better
so just nursing so I was just nursing
him and usually when I'm nursing him I
just put a little breast milk on it just
cuz I hear that helps heal things faster
and then he fell asleep on me and when I
pulled him away um his scalp was like on
his cheek and I was like oh no what
happened and I looked as I was like oh
my gosh it's God if I'm so excited like
he's like a real
now oh I'm so happy that it's all healed
up sometimes we're actually gonna do
photos today which I don't think are
gonna happen because she's on call for
another birth and I was like that's okay
his eyes still pretty red so you know
and it can be hard to photoshop on the
eyelid like that and so I was like don't
worry about it but I actually fell off
and just in time yay he's so cute
without that big word thing on your eye
all I just had a little bowl of cocoa
puffs and he just learned to drink the
chocolate milk what do you think oh yeah
okay drink drink from the bowl but is it
good oh good honey
yeah karma thinks is good deal with
karma decided to come sit on here that's
so yummy oh no no you had to sit there
and eat it getting ready for the day and
look what Missy put the boys in it says
Big Brother all of her and then Finley
says little brother Finley who's that
Ali Liddy and who's that next to him
right he's got Woody and Buzz on him huh
he must be like the coolest little
brother ever
yeah he's basically a giant button you
gonna give him a hug okay looks like you
did you can give him a hug Holly if you
want you want to hold him
no no less food leg legs you don't think
you're ready yet not when he's this
small and fragile hey cutie patootie oh
yeah tennis so content it's right there
watchin brother Dooley
he's crazy huh no just get ready for the
day getting the book okay yep okay I
knew there was a time when you have to
intervene you cannot climb on your
dresser okay Holly who sitting next to
you that's your baby brother huh huh
that's kind of cool what your foot hurt
Oh better okay let's get us we are all
in the car got thin and Ollie back there
and we got out of the house which was
actually quite comical first time
leading with two kids and it was a bit
of a challenge we had like lots of poopy
diapers and keep eating everywhere but
we did it we made out of the house and
I'm feeling pretty good today so I was
kind of starting to feel cooped up so
like I want to get out of the house but
I don't want to like go out and do too
much so I thought me and Finn will just
sit on the grass at the park and we'll
just hang out and all I can play and
that way whatever that needs to get a
little bit of Sun to for his eyes yeah I
mean he just had a little yellowish in
his eye he doesn't have like jaundice or
anything but just be nice to him a
little vitamin D fresh air we made it he
rolled up it's very windy but it feels
amazing look at all he's already
something okay have fun buddy
they have a miniature version of one of
those things that we saw in Seattle
how's the weather down there Oh
that was someone to find I can't believe
that I just got to like where Finn nurse
in the park and just be out in the fresh
air the Sun and we had food earlier yeah
that was pretty much very nice one
drinking with you using the old route
that you used with ah Leo's like
throwback Thursday amen does like I know
that's been in there is so weird it's so
cool
Ollie was a filthy mess after the park
so he literally went straight to the
baby section in changes shirt
yeah we're get you a cookie okay look at
a shirt you guys it's got this cute
little Darth Vader on it it says
together we can rule the galaxy you
never seen seen Star Wars have you buddy
I'll have to watch it together when
you're old enough all right we'll get
you a cookie hey lady see who's behind
you
who's that what that's baby yeah he's in
there protected from the elements
sleeping away I know there's some
whiskey I know yeah
as we were talking about it's like
whenever we buy something for Finn or
Olli try and find the other size for the
other one so they can match hey Brian
what's for dinner
hmm okay well I know that we had
burritos yesterday for dinner but
burritos sound really good so we should
make a burrito and actually I have the
best ingredient right here so it's
Thursday so we can do a little throwback
Thursday for you guys while I show you
what's up when Oliver was born I made
this joke about him being a burrito baby
and I did it because we used to swallow
him up just like this nice and tight and
I would always say he's a burrito baby
with extra guac because
his poop right great and so we haven't
really been able to do that with with
Finn but now we can say that he is
officially a burrito baby oh oh that
that's okay
wrap them up in a giant Tortola doesn't
mean just look so scrumptious so
scrumdiddlyumptious my little burrito
baby dexter guy trust me he's got a lot
of quash some of the guac out on Missy
today - yes but it's not bright green no
it's bright yellow haha
look it your brother's a burrito wow oh
my goodness biggest item macaroni and
cheese in FL you want bite him
you want to bite a burrito look it your
brother's a burrito can you say burrito
like yes there you go good job like that
Organic white cheddar mac and cheese
yeah so that's good : you want starts :
yeah we were watching : kitty this is so
cute though yeah thank you we don't swap
Ryan order this like months ago and I
was like oh my god Mel's like wait this
he's like I'm gonna make Finn a burrito
baby I'm like all right in a flour
tortilla hey buddy I love you I would
never eat you
Missi went a little crazy and Target
today she wants to go ahead and do our
bed for fall and actually these are kind
of Christmasy too because like the gold
and white
oh and mentor yeah I like it so we got
some pillows some things I'll do BAE
we're gonna redo the bed and then we got
Finley right here just chillin he's kind
of in a milk coma right now and then we
got this little kid over here who are
you washing yourself yeah blast
wash wash good job splash splash
whoo-hoo
alright Finny what do you think of the
new bedspread pretty nice huh look at
that duvets all comfy and fluffed up for
ya
you like it
honestly with our luck he'll poop all
over it but yeah bed looks nice babe
brains the room up yeah okay he likes it
nice closing Ali is finishing his bath
hey Olli I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog can you say bye oh he's got a water
gun better be careful did you give him
that I I didn't think you figured I'd
put water in it yeah he figured out how
to fuel it up look at him he said right
now oh my gosh hey Olli shoot mama show
mama shoot mama
hahaha okay no more no more that was bad
that was my fault I'm sorry babe babe I
yeah I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog we had a super fun day but now
we're just gonna put the kids to bed and
jump in jump on our new Dubey but thank
you guys for watching today's vlog if
you enjoyed it be sure to click that
thumbs up button subscribe to our
channel leave a happy friendly comment
below check out all those links in the
description thank you guys for watching
we shall see you manana
800,000 people to give you a hug buddy
how I can't live with them you time is
balloon in this hospital room where I
seen for the very first time and if you
ever see me go
I hope you'll always know your mind
yeah these
