maybe we can do something to do
something crazy smiles but maybe I'll go
into labor you like putting salt on it
yeah there you go that's probably good
hmm mac and cheese yeah best toddler
lunch ever and my right kiddo sane um
how's it going guys today I asked Ollie
what do you want for lunch and he said
yes and then he said and then he also
said Jimmy and finally this Jessica then
I said that is so specific I'm going to
make you every single one of those
things for lunch Ollie has been kind of
off for the past month with his eating
with his sleeping his doctor said
whatever you can get him to eat whatever
he will like voluntarily eat just make
for him yeah Mama's coming we're gonna
eat some lunch so the truth is he'll
probably only eat like one of these
things and not very many of them but
whatever we can get in this kid is good
chicken yeah take a bite of your chicken
and go rawr
say rawr he's so happy with his lunch
today can I have a high five did dad dad
you good knuckle sorry knuckles and I
love you
case in point he barely ate anything
this chick on the other hand apparently
swallowed a basketball how come you're
pregnant still baby just wants to say it
and how's your back pain any more back
pain back
good really sir splitting in half but
your back pain is good you think we
actually flipped him yesterday like we
did I guess feel like he is in a
different position like look how it is
yeah it's super low kind of bum that
there's no way for me to know but I do
have an appointment tomorrow so maybe
they'll be able to kind of feel around
and see yeah well hopefully you're not
still pregnant tomorrow maybe we can do
something to do something tomorrow but
maybe I'll go into labor tomorrow go go
go there's a playground are you ready to
go play
another thing that Ollie has been
struggling with is sleeping last night
was probably the worst I had to crawl
into his bed two times to get him to go
back to sleep and then he actually ended
up getting out of his bed and crawling
into our bed he opened his door yeah
yeah the first time he's ever opened his
door crawled in dog but I was like
whatever you can sleep with us it's
getting to be about his nap time so
right after lunch we decided to come
over here to this playground and let him
run around get a little bit more tired
and hopefully it'll help nap time a
little bit okay I'll hold your cup you
go play k FN don't have too much fun I'm
gonna do some clever walking around here
this is a bit bigger of a curb but we
need it yeah maybe there you go you can
do it
hey keep moving I'm watching you
you
he's so like slow and easygoing it's so
weird think he's really tired we won you
okay getting a good nap in okay good
today I have been spending a lot of time
resting and whenever I'm not resting
staying in positions to help this baby
drop and stuff he also went for a little
swim I spent most of the time in the
pool laying on my belly definitely just
trying a lot of things just make sure
that he has turned if he hasn't get him
to turn and make sure he stays like that
cool it's like 90 degrees yeah like I
want to get into a chilly pool as if
it's like super super super hot and it's
really not why would you ever want to go
into a to it yeah I smell like chili Oh
Brian mention yesterday that my appetite
is next to nothing and seriously like I
can't eat anything and even like my
favorite things to eat like for instance
even cookies I don't even want those now
but without a good was PF Changs which i
think might be one of my cravings we got
a bowl of the egg drop soup
seriously oh yeah I'm like I love it
this is what all he looks like right now
you guys he's wearing a onesie that's so
cute
well romper okay he's wearing a romper
it's a 24 month we found it he's never
worn it and he still fits in it's
actually a tiny bit big for him - he
looks comfy you look comfy boy
he always has to jump it good job
ollie is already a pro at chopsticks you
guys look at that okay that's kind of
crazy I think he's better at chopsticks
than he is Forks YUM he's eating those
little rice sticks that come with the
lettuce wraps you can do it there you go
our kid was a genius ladies and
gentlemen that's amazing
he's doing some after-dinner bouncing
yes he still has his chopsticks - he
basically loves those things we are home
now from dinner and Missy went into the
bathroom and then told me something
interesting she's like uh I think my
water just broke
I wasn't sure definite gush like a
tablespoon like it's so grand where I
went to my pants but I haven't had any
more gushes but your contractions have
started yeah I started having them in
the car on the way home and but they're
not painful Wow okay you and I on the
way home I was really emotional because
yeah I was just like I think my body's
done like I can't like my skin and hurts
and aches and just creepy crawly like
everywhere my back and my legs babies
just like torture even seeing in the car
with like the chair like touching me I
was getting like kind of emotional and
just feeling like my body is giving it
so I came home and stuff I don't know I
kind of like I kind of feel like this
could be the start of something I don't
want to get my hopes up or anything that
that if I were to go with my gut like I
feel like I'm definitely labor but we
may have a long way to go before we head
to the hospital at all but if I start
feeling more gushes then it might be a
leak in my water good night moon good
night cow jumping over the moon
good night light and the red balloon and
see the red balloon
LuAnn yeah good night bears good night
chairs can you say good night chairs
yeah say good night to the kittens and
good night to the mittens yeah you won't
say good night to is chopsticks yeah can
you say night night to your baby brother
give the baby a kiss oh I know yeah it's
basically a ball yeah good night ball ki
tickle you want to film kick okay do
that okay
your nails I thought that I got them all
right
say night-night my skin's a little done
with that that's adorable what have I
started I'm sorry
okay okay all done cake none of you lay
down love you buddy
all right you guys we got the little one
to bed it was quite the feat but we did
it hopefully he doesn't get out of his
bed and crawl into ours
tonight and he sleeps good that would be
great um Missy called her midwife what
did they say she said it doesn't
probably sound like my food but to just
keep an eye on it and I guess we'll see
what happens tonight yeah they said if
it was probably see a lot more um so
Missy's just gonna keep an eye on that
and I guess we'll see we have an
appointment tomorrow yeah we having a
midwife appointment tomorrow so we'll be
going to the office and they'll be check
it up on us but we're going to an end to
this vlog you joyed it click the thumbs
up button subscribe comment like go
check up in this lullaby and balls and
Twitter
she saw me who knew
in all the places we go now who knows
roubles we'd overcome
very easily tear down
gather round who knew
