who you want to get food hey buddy
okay I'll get you out he's like get me a
present he's wearing his I'm the big bro
shirt what are you getting whoa
he always does this so he's got to get
something what are you getting Oh Rex
okay this is how Missy supposed to be
walking right now so we can try and turn
this baby
turn him and drop them and please some
pressure of my back oh we're heading in
to grab some lunch we don't know how
much longer we're gonna be a family 3 so
we're gonna take advantage of it
my buddy oh thank you Xuan
that's silly Kroc opened the door for
Mama you got to be a gentleman hey open
the door
you just hold it no okay gentlemen and
training hey Olli how come you eat their
grilled cheeses but you don't eat mine
what makes they're so good he's like I
don't want I'll tell you that I don't
what they I think I used to ever had a
cheese he never eats had grilled cheeses
but he loves the ones from here I think
I mean the cheese like energy yeah he's
a kid thing so okay Olli show me your
new shoes whoa those are yeah you like
them
oh and you found a big racks in achoo
does he go rawr rawr what are your shoes
do they make you jump huh they make him
jump so high jump jump super high can
you jump oh yeah
yeah we had to get him some new shoes
guys because his feets are growing at a
very rapid pace feel like we just moved
him from five and now he's a size six
yeah that's crazy and his feet are so
wide it's hard to find the right shoe
for him it really is guessing chubby
little feet so we had to get him sanusha
honestly the only ones that were fitting
him were the Crocs and I'm like you
don't need to wear those yeah he liked
him I am a little bum too because we got
him a certain shoe for his Halloween
costume and it's a size 5 and I'm pretty
sure it's too small so we may have to
get them a size up already
yeah crazy this kid's just growing like
crazy alright we are headed home from
Target and I
that was a very slow shopping trip
because I walked so slow oh my gosh
it was slow right I was like 2 hours
almost we gotta get this kidnap I know I
just my pelvic bone it feels like it's
splitting which I hear is a good sign I
am having really sit still like low back
pain but at the same time it's not as
bad as it is like during the night times
or like the worse when I'm having
contractions and the back pain it gets
to me and man does it like really get to
me mentally to a point where I'm like
not doing anything to progress me I'm
just in severe pain and this is I'm
being such a baby kind of mentally
exhausted exhausting but the good thing
is that during the date since I'm not in
as much pain we can do things to help
spin him so that hopefully at night I
won't be in as much pain but we're going
to show you guys a couple of things that
we're doing to try and make this
posterior baby flip to anterior I did
have a chiropractor appointment then he
said he was halfway we can post here in
and here at this point so maybe the
things that I'm doing are helping also
these are all things that were advised
to me by my midwife to juice Finley is
posterior which is causing a lot of back
pain or back labor in Missy and it could
be the reason that her contractions are
starting and then stopping because he's
just not in the correct position to go
down to her cervix to make things happen
so hopefully doing this will flip him
just turn not flip him but turn him in
the correct position and then could
progress and maybe get that little guy
out of there can you guys believe how
like educated he is in childbirth really
exactly
oh I'm just repeating everything right
thank God we just it's nice I have a
very very supportive husband and it's
really nice also I just haven't
mentioned like Brian is someone who is
really hard to wake up at night and when
I'm in labor and in so much pain I live
in like Brian whoo huh what you like
wigs up right away like the nicest thing
ever I don't know if I was sleeping or
like just pretending to sleep to make my
body feel it but it's nice
I wanted him to sleep I want him to rest
but I wanted I also wanted to like if I
needed him for him to wake up and he
always did so it was really nice so for
this one Missy is on all fours and we're
going to take this piece of fabric which
is called a rebozo yes right and we're
going to put it around the belly just
like sail I'm going to pull up and take
all the weight of the belly off of
Missy's back and you can lay into it
right yep and then we go back and forth
this is a really good workout for me it
feels nice because it takes a lot of
pressure off yeah and I could kind of
feel it move it around basically trying
to piss him off so that he's like okay
fine I'll turn this is the other one and
it's the same kind of thing except Missy
lays on her back yeah I like this one
more is it more comfortable yeah let's
pressure my hands and knees kind of
thing I think I like this one too
because I can look more at your belly
and make sure that a lot second movement
okay so I want to pull like pressure off
your back there yeah for that
than I hurt jiggle that belly pickle
that Betty it's where I can feel any
turn it is have no idea like if you sure
you ain't direction yeah also we're not
sure what don't look don't push it like
yeah let it go this is where he's moving
like crazy right now working up a sweat
here you guys this is hard work
alright so this next one is actually
called the mild circuit exercise this is
also for helping to turn a posterior
baby it consists of three different
steps though and each of them takes 30
minutes one of them is a little bit
difficult the second one is really nice
since I get to like rest and the third
one just consists of like walking and
lunches and stuff like that so I'm gonna
show you the first one it's hard though
so here we go it's so uncomfortable so
what this does is it helps him go back
towards my lungs you go up and so I have
to stay like this for 30 minutes yeah
and then we'll try another position what
it will do is help turn him and then
we'll do the next position where it will
help push it down so basically you're
pushing it back turning dropping him
down yeah but it's a lot it's hard okay
guys we are back at the hospital but not
for what you think we're actually
visiting my cousin who had like the same
due date is me and she had her baby
little baby Olivia so adorable we're
going to show you guys pictures he's so
little and just like it just was crazy
holding everything idea like a 7 pound
baby yeah it's weird yeah it definitely
it was great I kind of was like okay I
can do this
fuzzy though um and all it was so cute
he was healing liquor and you'd be like
he was really with the holder giggle
he's like hey I know and you really
could get home to her held her yeah
wonderful so Madam President but I'm but
okay excited when he gets to hold his
big hairy little brother but yeah he
kept like pee I say look at his her eyes
and he looked her eyes go in he's like
giggle and it was like the cutest thing
ever
anyways prize for yes we had to make him
a loon from the hand moon there you go
yeah you got a balloon doctors Jesse go
get Jesse hurry that's our cousin is
biggie and CJ Oh
go Jesse hug yay all I gave her one more
kiss I'm gonna get Rick is it Rick is
like I'm gone 75% of the way you guys
are looking for a quick and easy way to
get out around uh oh yeah you left your
toy there it's okay can you move woody
get him off the floor dude I kind of ran
over what he's hand but yeah if you're
looking for a quick easy way to get
around the kitchen while you're cooking
just hop on one of these hoverboards
what I'm doing yeah I'm cooking dinner
here I'm gonna do the no key dish
tonight we had a rib eye in the fridge
didn't want to cook for a while um but
Lucy Missy's appetite is really next to
nothing these days and she said she
would much rather have my little sausage
no key dish instead did you like this
thing Elsa oh you guys Lego you guys to
see that Ali is now eating macaroni and
cheese hi stag best dad ever this dinner
I made him Dino nuggets jello and mac
and cheese that's my reaction right
there as well
high-five buddy yeah he does not eat
macaroni and cheese I've been trying to
get him to eat it forever and now he
finally likes it okay all right babe how
you feeling pretty good my back is not
eating as bad do you think we actually
flipped him possibly that could be cool
literally doing everything dead sitting
on the ball I refuse to sit on this
couch but I think that's what my problem
is I'm laying back and like yeah got too
much on my back and I've been floating
and I floated in the pool for like 45
minutes
on my belly for like yeah
it's leader and I felt him kind of
squirming around a nurse maybe I did it
don't be awesome home all right guys
let's hope that we flipped him because
that would seriously be really cool
we're almost there
three more days until Missy's due date -
by the time you guys watch that's two
more days until Finley's due date that's
nuts but anyway I'm gonna go to that in
today's vlog I hope you enjoyed it if
you did give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and comment do your thang
chicken wing all right we'll see you
manana by another discount in all the
places we've go now who knows the
troubles we'd overcome
No
we tear down and all the crops we see
gather round
