all right we are packed up and it is
nearly time to leave and go home and
take a shower so ready Chris yes we get
to take this little guy home
look at this blanket I love that Finn
night I think I had to fold it yeah yes
we had a great night with this little
guy he's a nursing like a champ is just
lovin life really yeah they're giving us
an early check out which we are fine
weather we've actually been pushing to
leave today yeah cuz it's really yeah
the Obi's game in it like five linx -
can I leave today like if you want like
yes that's got traffic so we get this
over with
yeah we are all prepared to go home and
bring this little guy home he's so cool
going home next chapter begins not
exciting how's it going buddy people
have asked about this thing on his I
thought it was a blister and it popped
and so it's just healing and actually is
looking better yesterday it was a little
bit bigger because the scape was really
big but I think this got off and it
Reese cabbed so I think it'll just get
better over time but what you I cannot
he actually sees is a bit I'm like sighs
a lot when Brian sees is like eight to
ten times and always affects you but I'm
like just stop okay then finishing up
some last-minute paperwork and all that
but it's finally time to go home and we
are changing him into it going home
mouth
yeah he's a little bit that he doesn't
like being changed he doesn't like to be
changed you didn't like he just wants to
be sleeping content warm Olly was never
like that like he never cried during a
diaper change or anything he's a little
different
oh he's just like its head to toe in
this outfit kilo hash it's great so this
is Finley's going home outfit
we got them in this really cool sleeper
it's like gray and brown stripes and
then on the front it's got a little fox
and it says cute and clever and then it
comes with this cool little fox hat
you're out a little cute and clever Fox
why is this guy even real right now
he kind of looks like a baby doll is a
new one and we were like this thing is
kind of crazy it's really nice though I
love the way it has like this little
newborn insert where he sits up on it
yeah like kind of spreads his legs out
oh no it's okay
it's okay I saw that face wrinkling up
hmm bars all loaded and everything's
ready I'm just waiting for them to we'll
miss you down
hell with Finley some of it we can put
him in the car take him home here they
come and here they are
we already hey buddy
sure he can't happen front seat that'd
be funny just get in look at that he's
got his spot
he's neck snapped in and he's asleep
yeah that's good
we were finally on our way home no
matter how much they're like telling me
at 5:00 in the morning you're gonna go
home today it's still like it's almost
four o'clock and we're just starting our
drive so but we're on our way which is
all that matters and I'm in the backseat
right now it's Ben and he's actually
doing really well I was worried that he
wasn't going to be happy because when he
was in there he wasn't too happy so I
got a pacifier just in case but I don't
think I'm gonna have to use it or
anything but he's fast asleep he looked
pretty comfortable actually if you ask
me I'm in a bit of pain the last one
occasion I took was actually like six
hours ago and you I normally get them
every three so every time Bryan hits
like a bump ooh sorry I know it's such a
bummer is this what happens when you
have a c-section you're just really like
so sore and sensitive we're home you
can't believe we're taking Amanda
hey big brother
how are you oh you're pointing a gun at
me here with auntie hi who's this maybe
let's take the gun away from him this is
the baby yeah
Brenner's here Leslie welcome home oh I
miss baby who are you he had so much fun
Oh was he good for you Cassie
okay ah he's mad that we left him huh or
are you mad that we brought something
back brother
does it really oh look at that oh he
missed you can cuddle what you need oh
he really missed you guess what mommies
bellies done for my belly go the thing
is gone baby this is the baby thank you
I know I was worried that it would be
confusing yeah it doesn't make sense to
kid it doesn't make sense that there's a
baby in your Bonnie yes II know baby
there and baby there you want to go give
him a hug you can give the baby hug Olli
just beginning
I must be getting there
right my name is CJ sleeping oh oh okay
do you remember those I don't get it Oh
Ollie you need to be nice okay start you
know can we get him out oh yeah you
don't know Allie but he's okay don't get
my kiss no you don't have to it's okay
okay looking at you you want to see his
brother oh it is gonna be super
interesting getting Ollie used to having
Finley around and recognizing that he's
part of the family now and his brother
and that's a weird kind of psychological
thing behind it you know I want to say
like a slow transition but it's not a
slow transition it's just like BAM now
there's here baby yeah so it's like you
gotta be really gentle with it cuz you
don't wanna like stress all the outer
that's a big change and shout out to
Auntie for being amazing and watching
him for like the past four days it was
like yeah helping like my dad's here
when you can't even my brother's here
when he can like they're all just like
tag-team everything yes Cassie isn't it
his hat like adorable he wasn't
beginning and really once he had the
Wills though it was off oh yeah
definitely
what are you doing what are you doing
are you pretended to be baby yeah you
want a rock boom what what is that
that's a loon huh
oh and there's buzz you want to go show
your baby brother buzz let's go Chelan
buzz but be gentle okay Polly wants to
show buzz to Finley I bet finding this
is it coolest thing I just took the most
glorious shower ever
I'm not showered in four days but now
I'm feeling so much better
it feels just so good to be home finally
and there's Olly what are you doing
buddy okay race you down
race ya reach it down I'm gonna race ya
ah you won and it smells good in here
Mimi made us spaghetti as a welcome home
dinner I just got done riding all my
schedule for like all of our medication
like this is all of it oh you set out
like alarms for what to take yeah I know
for you but then once he get out you're
like crap I got to manage this and
actually we left the hospital with a
couple of medications for Finley he has
a little bit of a kidney issue so he has
to take some antibiotics not anything to
worry about at this point we're just
doing things like as a precautionary
measure yeah I just been stay on the
couch I was just like nursing all the
cuddling with her mere nursing Finn and
cuddling all we're gonna be doing that a
lot by the way yeah I just get it mixed
up and then I was we're watching woody
and it was like I literally thought I
was in heaven like I was just like dad
come on
feels good to be home with him I'm so
fond of you at all am so glad to be a
man Oh Big John Thomas takes a bed got
Olly to bed I laid with him for like an
hour but he is sleeping soundly which is
very nice you need some extra cuddles
yes he did he missed his daddy we are
all set up for bedtime here we got the
coast sleeper with us so that he's in
arm's reach
he thought is I had so many like
blankets picked out for him and this
just just feels like his blankie yeah
this is the blanket that Cullen and
Katie got us you say thank you : k yes I
love it I love that has a name on it I
think too you should do the updates on
the blanket like okay J huh okay would
that be copying you yeah do we have your
permission Katie oh I just love this I'm
like the happiest mommy right now like
I've been really emotional like all day
well since we've been home really
efficient came to all a leaky actually
hit my tummy and it hurts so bad and
then I cried kid to her than I cried
because like I felt dying if you wanted
to like he was just playing and so I
just really emotional about it is so
happy nice to be home all my boys are so
many boys in my life sorry
also my doggie boy is that Mimi Papa's
just because I didn't want him to like
actually jump on me or I guess they
won't worry about it right now so he'll
come home soon
we're gonna go ahead in the vlog we had
a really great day feels good to be home
thanks for watching click thumbs up
subscribe leave a comment and we'll see
ya
you got one eye open you know when I
open it's not like a Metallica song
sleep with one eye open I can live with
you
time is but alone in this hospital room
where I see for the very first time and
if you ever see me go I hope you'll
always
you mind
yeah these little
