my mom beautiful this is baby Finley oh
my gosh brainy so cute we got the baby
Oh your baby sleep in my and hating me
oh don't pray don't pray so pressure
they love you well I know it noses like
so but me and piggy like brushes what a
big baby nine pounds mom can you believe
that
that's a big baby it's a little girl
Missy Stein hasn't turned around for 10
months oh how precious
oh my gosh she's painting by the minute
I had no idea
whoa
his head looks like the same size as
yours and the same no it's not he's not
that big but he definitely looks like it
we were in like the perfect position and
then Brian actually got up so he's not
like mmm this is not comfortable anymore
oh yeah oh my goodness congratulations
you guys thank you
oh good morning
anybody all he's unhappy all he's
unhappy that's my boob that's all I want
I was like I wonder if it'll be like the
saber fall just like pick it up again it
literally seems a Cerner seems like I
missed this
I asked all if you remembered doing that
he doesn't listen he looks so good this
morning you guys said her his eyes are
not give me a bad man yeah
his eyes aren't swollen anymore his
forehead just a little bit but not much
how do you wanna like we couldn't touch
his head because he would like screaming
it was still like painful for him and
now we can so that's nice good morning
guys I got an amazing sleep last night
on this bed because there's two beds in
this room and there's no one here yet
hopefully it feels good to sleep like a
normal human being he is a nursing
chancel acutely pretty much nurse for
hours and hours and hours I think he's
really trying to get my mom to come in I
know he's getting milk but yeah he's a
big boy he's nine pounds of cuteness and
he needs a lot of food to sustain that
yeah so he's like give it to me look
who's here wearing your big bro shirt hi
buddy
yeah he's upset because I just wipe this
by the wipes
I think have a hog heaven I miss you
thank you I see the baby it's your
brother don't you
what do you think of him they cute he's
like weird why is he making noise oh
he's not in pain
he's Noel he's okay are you okay okay
hey you sit with Mama remember you used
to eat like that hum buddy
my brother he doesn't have any out he's
good
I remember when CJ first met Baily and
she cried he Jane cried and he couldn't
handle it Oh a little older but he did
not like hearing this to surprise you
you want a loon okay how's that okay
good you got a loan what are these are
they fingers uh-huh no don't go under
there Hey another bullet oh there's
another balloon under there
okay go show the baby can you go show
your brother giving him a present you
hang on to it kay buddy oh thanks my
baby
Lizzie smell like hey we've got Mimi and
Papa here obviously all in kasi they
spend the night at a hotel just to kind
of stay nearby so they could come visit
again today but um I thought I'd tell
you guys some my mom when she had me she
was nine days overdue when I pain
basically her water broke in the mill
the night he basically didn't progress
and did not have enough contractions to
get her going and then I in the end I
actually went to end up going into
distress and then needing a c-section
but for me
same exact thing happened he was born
nine days overdue water broke in the
mill a nightly laboured for a long time
just like my mom we
luckily mine was in an emergency
c-section but it could have become that
if we had let it gone too far which is
why I ended up with a c-section we were
trying to avoid an emergency c-section
but yeah it's kind of funny is the same
story huh mom yeah and you were born 36
hours after my water broke yes and so
what's this so it's been six hours not
crazy
that's so weird and you had a bump on
top of your head awesome hmm because
they had a hard time actually getting
you out of my woman so they same vacuum
to hold you out and so you had a home up
there and so you know in that funny
brain well they didn't need a vacuum but
they said they had a hard time getting
him out yeah they're like it took sewn
yeah he was stuck in my pelvis pellet
boned you can see the creases on the
sizes yeah where your bone was yeah I
think I'm out for headfirst yeah that's
so scary I know it's weird he's like I
just I tried much yeah yesterday is
crazy cuz like I think back I'm like it
was so amazing like laboring was like
such an amazing experience and then I
got kind of scary and then I got really
kind of traumatic because I didn't have
my baby for two hours after they took it
one NICU and I couldn't be with him so
for two hours I was in complete distress
couldn't like cope I was like crying
hysterically like it was really bad and
then once I got to see him finally for
the first time it was just like I don't
know it's very very overwhelming you
know it's hard to even like express it
because you don't normally mamas need
their babies right when they're come out
they don't like to be away from them it
was definitely when I think back of it's
like it was good and scary and amazing
and like a good day but I'm scary day
and uh I don't know it's a lot but I'm
glad he's here and happy and safe and
I'm starting to notice a lot of
similarities between him and Ollie like
when they were first born like the shape
of his forehead like it kind of goes in
right there
and he's all balled up here all he had a
lot of hair right there but he out a
couple weeks old it started receding
like that you know
here yes it's been important like 37 he
would have had more hair yeah he already
lost his hair he wasn't there so long he
lost his big I told you Missy I'd shaved
his beard this morning he's basically a
toddler yeah buddy
he's got a he's got a dimple in his chin
oh my gosh he knows my dad had a dimple
yeah my dad had a dimple so I wonder if
he'll keep his dimple he's got a little
bowtie so yes I think he's got my lips
because he Ollie had fatter lips
those are pretty thin lips mm-hmm can
you give your brother a kiss Ollie kiss
him right on the cheek it's him on the
cheek he's my kiss oh I know it was a
good kiss that was like the best kiss
all he's ever done I feel like he's just
like a natural bond between them you
know like they don't really know but
like I just feel like all he's already
better with him that he's been with any
other baby ya know
where's Olli huh there you are
are you hiding in there like Harry
Potter yeah
we're slowly we shut it for you I please
you're so cute buddy
it is now 108 which means this guy is
officially one day old 24 hours babe
birthday wait are you going to wake up
and celebrate with us Olli can you tell
your your baby brother happy birthday
there you go sing a little song sing a
little song happy 24 hours buddy
he's very happy with his auntie Olli and
Finley's are bonding over some toy story
yes he's watching Toy Story you're gonna
teach your little brother all about
woody right
but my he's like that's good right can
you see good ok mmm watching my show bro
yeah baby
show show your brother there yeah what
does buzz do
yeah yeah he flies huh yeah good job
good job all he's getting ready to go
bye-bye can you say bye-bye to your
brother yeah give her baby brother a
kiss oh he kiss him right there on his
cheek mm-hmm say bye bye say bye Finn
they love you Finn little does he know
we're taking him home yes he's like my
god I don't know why we're getting so
attached yeah coming home with that poor
Olli I got little Finny here hanging out
with me you know with his dad while he
edits I'm just working on the vlog while
Missy gets a little bit of rest and
enjoying some time with my new boy I
need a little Finn doesn't he look so
different I feel like he's changing like
as time he was hot he's already changing
it looks like a completely different
baby oh he was messed up in their home
today's been kind of a chill day it's
the day after Macy gave birth so they
have to do like a lot of different tests
and things on Finley so they've been
poking him and prodded him and I think
he has an ultrasound tomorrow on his
heart and then we're hoping that maybe
we could leave afterwards which would be
really nice because we both just kind of
want to be home and
trying to get him to smirk
oh I saw first one second he's such a
happy baby actually got a nap in and
feel so much better definitely was
starting to feel like a zombie like I
just could not keep my eyes open
actually I guess I was feeling more like
a like a cow because I was just nursing
constantly and I was like I'm falling
asleep I can't do this anymore
he got napping also and got something
out with Daddy he's been so good today
yeah he's so cute he's just changing
like he's just getting like so different
by the minute it's like the weirdest
thing he's been so good and so much fun
to like get to know so far first day of
life yeah crazy I remember all these
first day was there like chill we just
hung out and nursed and that's like I'm
in the same thing with him after having
Olly it's like how can you have another
kid yeah that's a perfect mix of us you
know and then you have him and
everything just kind of like snaps in
your it yeah you're like oh wow I did
want to say that it is so nice like
Bryan is so good at being able to edit
these vlogs which are so important to us
to keep for like memories I mean this is
like a day that we never want to forget
he's able to do that without interfering
with like time with Finn time with me he
does it in the times that he can with
like with editing and helping put these
vlogs up is still making sure to like
take care of us it's really nice does a
good job I'm Josh like Brodus exactly he
knows his priorities hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog give it a thumbs up
if you think
is the cutest baby ever so yeah and we
will see guys tomorrow
see final fit minutes right yeah
please do what are you talking to are
you talking to that box because they're
weird
what was I born into with you time is
balloon in this hospital room where I
see for the very first time and if you
ever see me go I hope you'll always
yeah these little
