yeah what are you doing right now lady
then how to deliver a baby in a pinch
don't panic assess the situation call
for help get mom comfortable good
morning guys I have a full car today and
we're going to I've got my dad driving
and he's wearing his Mickey Mouse shirt
I've got my mom back there and my sister
and all the of course is over there I
would I know we are headed to Disneyland
which might sound a little crazy because
I am 39 weeks pregnant but it's not like
super far and I thought it might be fun
just to go for a few hours and walk
around
Brian's actually off recording so he's
gonna meet us there in a little bit but
I'm excited to just take oli one last
time to Disneyland before we have
another one hey guys I am back in the
studio with Thomas we are recording a
very big song funny story - about the
song I actually wrote it on an airplane
I think I was heading to VidCon or
vloggerfair I think was blogger fair and
this song sort of came to me
and so I finished writing it on the
airplane today we recorded it and it
turned out pretty good there's a little
bit of it
I wanna show you something
yeah that's really cool because the song
sort of has like this dance vibe to it
definitely a little bit of Justin Bieber
influence to which I think it's just
different from all the other songs if
I'm doing on the EP it's a little bigger
got it all fish sounds good
alright you've made it to Disneyland and
we're actually walking down Downtown
Disney right now look at these guys they
got the Mickey Mouse shirts on and
they're walking what do you have Ollie
you got Rex he actually left the buzz in
the car bTW rats just showed up he was
gone at Target like we said and buzz
buzz we found like randomly which I
swear is like the creepiest thing ever
and he found Rex the other day it's
really weird and I am very sick yeah
bang woody I'm very certain that they're
actually alive so that's weird now that
I'm all finished in the studio I am
actually headed to Disneyland to meet up
with my very pregnant wife who is
walking around there and hoping to get
something started with with Finley
all right we're grabbing some lunch and
this guy's gonna make Ollie a balloon
what's he gonna make you making a
bull's-eye it's almost done what the was
both I say nanhee
we're gonna find out what character is
alright I'm in the very cool animation
room
they got lion only my favorite place
it's also very air-conditioned which is
nice because it's 106 out but I look who
I caught up with Cassie Jimmy Ollie is
right now in the live onstage thing so
they're gonna be out in just a few
so I'm trying to walk all right you're
at the did Miglia tuner live on your
date like all these favorite thing huh
if you your friends guided like yeah
poly is so excited to meet doc
mcstuffins go see doc all right he's
only gonna go if he goes with me me
holy the jews me doc you see da What's
Up kiddo
oh of course the Toy Story stuff just
started so he doesn't care about dad I
see is having contraction I didn't hear
it here they get some free lifetime pass
okay fine
Holly what are you doing Holly are you
Heidi
get out from over there come here
this you guys are wondering what the
first-aid part of Disneyland looks like
this is it hey come here he's left the
room to run around
some missy is just relaxing so we can
get there quicker and easier how are you
feeling okay but not like not having
like distinct contractions it's kind of
hard to even determine the contractions
because yeah just in case we don't want
her to get all worked up walking all the
way over to the car hey oli come on come
on
all right we are headed out sorry your
trip got cut short oli you okay because
you got a fan okay
stay in your seat Olli maybe next to
mama
there you go Missy is in the middle of a
contraction right now
that contraction lasted for a minute in
17 seconds I think it was quite a bit
less it's so hard to do because I'm in
subjects fishing is your back pain stuff
I can feel it start but it's hard to say
when it stopped gonna hurt so that could
Disneyland really have done this do you
think this is that bad I don't know you
think we're gonna have it I'm so afraid
that it's not and I'm just such a baby
all right it hurts all the time and it
doesn't just hurt like just during the
convention and then like like Stassi I'm
like I get it I can pimp women it thirst
it is really hard to term it is exciting
but I also just I am this is my
personality is that I doubt myself I'm
like I'm like probably nothing I'm
probably just being a baby yeah what are
you doing on how to deliver a baby and a
pink don't panic assess the situation
call for help get mom comfortable up the
area watching guide the baby oh we can
discreetly area what brands new cards
yeah so at this point Missy is having
pretty regular contractions they
definitely at least on the car ride over
so we're gonna do a couple of things
just to try and release on their stress
but we're pretty sure that this is
actually starting which is exciting so I
drew him to see a bath and he hasn't met
himself so I'm gonna put some time
how's that feel the temperature okay
Polly is very concerned about mama so
he's gonna come check on her go check on
mama
where is she where is she there she is
this is my bath climb in point to the
baby you having a contraction
we have
can I have a hug can I have a kiss you
good for auntie okay we're gonna come
back with your brother okay I love you
buddy what are we doing baby I'm in a
lot of pain between contractions and
during contractions are getting stronger
I really want to get to the hospital
because I mean there's just a part of me
that just wants to be like reassured
that either one he's handling the
contractions good into that I'm really
in labor which might seem silly because
I'm in a lot of pain but there's just
there's so much information out there
that's like you could just not be
amazing so we're gonna go to the
hospital and have them check ER make
sure baby's doing good during
contractions if we're like good then
we're gonna probably stay in a hotel
yeah we packed up the entire car and
Ali's going night-night this doesn't
mean I'm gonna like I'm gonna have a
baby in a couple hours like I could be
like a woman long haul for a while so
I'm gonna go to a hotel and kind of try
and progressive labor that way well
let's just go and see what's going on
okay I love you yeah can I have a baby
okay get in there let's do this
and all the places we go now who
we'd overcome a new
very easily
and all the crowd
Brown
