okay your line is pumping relax baby
it's okay it's okay
I just washed my face you know did
everything before bed rolled it around
and pop water just broke water gushed
Missy's water broke you guys all over
our bed this is amazing so nervous
really shaking it
don't be nervous you guys are so good I
can't believe it you're gonna do so good
we're gonna have a baby we're gonna be
baby happening didn't do great don't
worry it comes here she is like what is
going on guys
oh no contractions yet we just got ready
I just called the Midwife and they're
ready for us to come over so we're gonna
pack cassie's on our way to watch Holly
pretty much packages yeah we got this
baby let's go have a baby
hi Brian and Melissa in the nurse
midwife who's on call tonight I got your
message saying Melissa's water bag has
broken so that's wonderful
yay finally so you guys should you know
think about making your way on down here
I know I know you guys are a ways away
but um do your best to kind of make your
way down and you'll need to go in
through the emergency room entrance and
come on up to labor and delivery
now if you have any questions you can
call me back but otherwise hopefully
we'll see in the next 1 to 2 hours ok
thank you bye all right we got the baby
on the monitor or all hooked up I just
checking to make sure everything's good
and they confirmed that it was 4 bag of
water so now we're just waiting I
basically get admitted so good not
really I mean having contractions but
they're not like painful at all once an
admitted that I'll be able to like start
walking and doing things to kind of help
progress things along here so looking
down
I think about I think it's gonna be a
little bit bigger than the last baby
okay but if I had to guess I'd say about
seven and a half okay yeah mom is dude
kind of your kin we got a room
Missy's waddling her way over waters all
really
breathe through baby there you go
breathe through it
good morning you guys as you can see it
is now daylight out I actually just woke
up on the floor they normally have like
a sleeping chair they call it like a
chair that turns into like a little bed
but they're full so all of them are gone
just like click yeah I clutched I'm into
pillows and just like slept I knew if I
didn't get any sleep I just was not
gonna be very helpful you see you had a
good little rest in right yeah it was a
good little sleep and then couldn't
charge it but sort of waking me up and
now I'm just like up
okay we got some rest my mom and dad
just got here they came back to our rest
yeah they brought me some food YUM I
love the sauce I cannot even tell you
how much I bought this hospital but I am
allowed to still eat and drink right now
unless anything happen yeah so I
actually had them had my mom bring me
soup
biscuits and gravy but as far as how I'm
doing basically I'm having contractions
they're painful but they're probably
they're irregular but they do seem to be
picking up so we'll probably start
walking to and you know progress things
longer basically I have until midnight
which is about 14 hours to get into
active labor so it'll be 24 hours since
your water yeah and here they just want
you in active labor within 24 hours
hopefully they'll start picking up
otherwise they won't they'll probably
try all kinds of natural ways to help
pick up active labor without having to
do pitocin because we want to avoid
pitocin if possible how's he looking
he's looking that's a very important
number right there we watch his heart
beat like crazy we're kind of like
obsessed with it can be a little
nerve-wracking but he's doing really
good to acknowledge that things are
going well yes things are going good
right now at least I'm getting a trial
no matter what happens this is exciting
alright misty is all strapped up I got
this little wireless machine that
communicates to that so we can monitor
the baby while we could do some walk-in
is that okay good pace
they got Missy on fluid and oxygen now
baby's heart rate is a pretty flat 130
and they like to see it accelerate up to
about 145 but they're just taking some
extra precautions I know I'm pretty
jealous that Missy doesn't have to try
at breathing she just has to put that
thing on and relaxed like I'm over here
sucking in oxygen
look at this contraction Missy just have
you guys was one of her biggest
basically went off the charts it was
painful that's crazy
she just had another one yeah 14 hours
after my water broke and we're still
definitely not having very regular
contractions and I have about another 10
hours to kind of get things but yeah and
this is her peanut ball yes um helps
dilate and open your cervix and just
keep the pelvis open so that you can get
in there
all right it's now dinner time Missy's
parents got Hispanic Express we're just
sitting here getting our grub on and
watching Modern Family on the laptop all
the way across the room but we got to
our fortune cookies and we got a got to
see what they say usually pretty good
you will soon be the center of attention
always so weird that is so weird yeah
mine says you will get a great deal on
your next big purchase but the heck I
like mine mine are always really good
wait a minute you will get a great deal
on your next big purchase hey because
our insurance is basic gonna pay for
Finley what you think it's a good deal
no it's pretty stupid I seriously love
mine if I love the center of attention
now I will be in a few hours
okay it is 11 past 11 things seem to
have definitely picked up as he took a
really nice shower we both did actually
and it was kind of getting close to that
time where we're gonna have to choose to
intervene because her battle waters been
ruptured for so long but her body
decided to kick it into high gear here
we go babe Missy is having some pretty
strong contractions now they're about
two three minutes apart they did check
her she's three to a four they said in
about 90 percent effaced
it's really good news baby I'm
progressing enough but I don't need
pitocin
breathe John good job
all the places we go now
who knows the troubles we'd overcome
very easily tear down
gather round who knew
life we would have found
and it's everyday you tell me when you
believe you
who knew
