jump to the ball well oh my gosh good
morning guys
I am up I've got my sister where she's
just helping me out this morning Ollie
has been such a good little boy today
and I decided the other day to buy him
this little play mat that you can paint
and you do all kinds of things and it
only works on like the special paper
which i think is really nice and he's
really not into stuff like this yet and
I really want him to be just to kind of
help get his imagination going and stuff
like that so I was going to see if he
likes this and if maybe he enjoyed it so
we'll see all right he's got his little
station set up so it's got all these
different colors here and the colors are
like clear but yet has the colour on the
top so you feel like dip it is do blue I
do blue dip it in there this will put it
on the put in the paper
how's it look Oh again that's so cool
huh
moving drawing yes I couldn't like it I
make it art aunty pretty cool that looks
so cool buddy are you make an art show
daddy said oh yeah you make art as a
masterpiece if I ever saw one for sure
so weird it's like this nuclear gel and
then you put in series and touch it and
it doesn't look like anything let's just
do run right now and then we'll do one
chapter anything this was like stupid
look at that it's red oh and that cool
it's such a pretty picture if you want
to go an orange you got to rinse it
rinse it and then dry it
oh it's really a unit no we are trying
green one of the markers takes a minute
to show up solo and okay and we got doc
mcstuffins out so he's pretty excited
but I think that's gonna really appeal
to him not just be a black pig paper you
want me to open it
kind of cool haha I like shows a bastard
I think that's way cool
and you can like draw on your like hands
and good clothes and it's not gonna show
up at all
it's cool huh - that stuff - something's
blue I don't know the other stuff is
blue
so cool it like slowly fade if you ever
play with magic markers not like this oh
these now the kid yeah we did oh yeah we
were too cheap for them got myself some
breakfast this morning I got coffee and
pumpkin pasties I made these last night
and they are so good and no they are not
pumpkin pastries it's pasties and
they're basically like a treat that is
found in Harry Potter but it's like a
little mini pumpkin pie hmm how's the
crust should it be good here
Oh God jump to the ball let him well oh
my gosh whoa oh my gosh look at this
little boy he's all dressed and ready
good day yeah the light look in the
mirror I actually did his hair this
morning cuz he got his hair cut
yesterday little different wives stand
up so you can see yourself in the mirror
look in the mirror Oh looking good
I definitely love it just a lot easier
to manage and I actually used the hair
product I use in my hair in it and it
turned out pretty well y-yeah those are
rocks it's kind of weird
put soap on rocks huh say look it good
no whoa you so buzz so buzz oh that's
Buzz Lightyear literally this baby is so
close to coming you guys I am actually
installing the car seat now in the car
this is the base I just have to make
sure that it fits here perfectly and
then we'll probably put the actual
carrier in the very back and for those
of you wondering we got the peg Pegler
papery go something like that looked
pretty cool in a store when we were
looking at all the ones that were
compatible with our stroller so
hopefully a little guy is nice and
comfortable in there we are off to my
midwife appointment which I have been
actually very
just about and I'm definitely looking
forward to hopefully we get a lot of
information at this appointment but I
just noticed Brian put the car seat back
there and I didn't even get a chance to
like look at it before I got it and I
can't see it like I feel like I'm too
big to like actually turn around I
really like that car see that's
definitely a brand I had never heard of
but I heard I saw really like a lot of
good things about it
Brian apparently put my my hospital bag
in the car bags in there are you sitting
there I got the GoPro yeah are basically
ready if I if anything does happen I'll
probably like my parents will probably
grab a few things from the house if I
knew anything else but I'm definitely
looking forward to this appointment I've
been feeling extremely crampy for the
past three hours
and definitely like a lot of lightning
crotch and just like a lot a lot going
on over here
so I don't know I'm definitely
interested to see what the Midwife
thinks so Missy
just stepped on that scale what happened
later
yeah you should losing weight now your
body's like you're done being probably
we're gonna sell these in the way now
I've read that that happens right before
you give birth then crazy yeah we got an
anxious appointment today let's see what
happens I'm like having so much cramping
I don't know if it's because I'm anxious
or because I think you're a little
nervous babe here is the cervix right
now this is a 2 centimeter and this is
like really thick and then here it goes
this is like a fully effaced yeah all
gone and you're obviously at 10
centimeters that's what that looks like
and then that's what it looks like when
the baby cuts the out stick here uh-huh
it's there did I sing it until there's
necessary basically goes away and then
the baby like comes out of there and
yeah that's actually baby's head is what
they're showing right oh I see okay so
how many centimeters do you think you
are one two three I like this Titan zero
not getting my hopes up all right so
we're all done with our appointment and
now we are getting dinner at hoof
Chang's
I mean that egg drop soup your side to
grab dinner because traffic was pretty
read all the way home take us quite a
while so we're like I will get something
to eat the appointment went really well
just seeing when I tell him what
happened she checked you I am fifty
percent effaced and basically is zero
yeah I doesn't really mean anything
whether I'm not gonna go to labor soon
or am gonna go into labor see they said
he's getting ready though yeah he's
definitely she said he's getting big she
could need eight pounds which I was like
I don't know about that Gary but I don't
really you can't really tell 58 pounds
at this stage hey buddy
say hi hey hi dad dad I love you are you
playing a game you just got home I feel
like I've probably seen this kid you're
gone all day huh I'm sorry I'm sorry
your brother takes up all our attention
geez geez Louise hey can you get me a
diaper
out of your drawer right there can you
get me a diaper right there yep that's
but pace you might need that get the
diaper though good job all right lay
down
let's change yeah thank you okay such a
good boys like please please change my
bottom please change my bottom hey guys
we got Olly to bed Maria I'm just
sitting on the floor right now actually
cuddling with karma who has actually
been extremely needy these days same
with Olly Olly and karma have been very
low speaking of all the and karma have
both been extremely like attached to me
these days just trying to relax my body
I'm just having a lot of like aches and
pains and stuff like that I did want to
show you wheat me and Brian as you know
we went to PF Changs and I had got a
fortune in my fortune that this it says
you will soon me a lifelong kindred
spirit I just thought that was so crazy
to like have a fortune that said that I
was going to meet my lifelong kindred
spirit like that's obviously a childlike
that's so cool I mean obviously it's not
obviously but so that was really neat
fortune to get right before you know I'm
obviously going to be having Finn pretty
soon here then when I actually
instagrammed it a lot of people reminded
me I actually got a fortune with ollie
as well that said you will soon meet a
miracle or something like that I was
like oh my gosh that's crazy that I got
that fortune just a few it was a few
weeks before I had ollie but and this is
definitely at least a few days if not a
few weeks before I meet Finn but anyways
I'm gonna go ahead and the vlog hope you
guys enjoyed the video today give it a
thumbs up if you did and we
was you yes Tomasi by karma oh okay bye
who knew we poor woman out of this town
in all the places we go now who knows
the troubles we'd overcome
new sub areas
- counting on
sweetie gather round who
