morning guys your mom are off to the
hospital I'm going to be doing a quick
NST of course it's not super quick
because it's a long drive but it
shouldn't be a big deal I did end up
leaving bride at home so I really want
him to be able to get some work done
plus I want them to stay home with all
eight just because I feel bad like we're
constantly having to like go to the
doctor's and do these things and it's
hard when Ollie and it's hard on us to
leave them especially when we know that
like in a few days or so there's
probably going to be about two or three
days where we're literally gone because
we're having a baby we know we're going
to be gone for a long period of time so
as much time as we can stay home with
Ollie I think's a good idea but of
course it means you never know when you
go to the hospital they may end up like
keeping you or something hopefully that
doesn't happen you are kind of taking a
little
I think it'll be just a quick little NST
make sure baby's still doing good and
everything's a-okay still pregnant
six days past my due date tomorrow be 41
weeks actually when years are watching
this I'll be 41 weeks Oh yep
get your ducky okay you're dogging say
good morning doggy huh you want your
ball instead okay
hey good morning good morning guys we
are getting up and moving Missy is off
to her doctors appointment she's gonna
have an NST at the hospital today name
it with me me yeah if you guys don't
know today is Back to the Future day
it's the day in the Back to the Future
movie that they actually travel to into
the future which is cool because the
Back to the Future movies are amazing so
I decided to get the trilogy today
because we actually didn't have them and
so Ollie and I are gonna chill and watch
them okay you wanna watch back to the
future
Ali's really into this movie you guys
you did not expect him to like it that
much
I guess this kid just got an eye for the
classics huh I'm Amy
all right I am hooked up for my NST you
had to hold it down a little bit harder
because he's kind of low but um yeah and
I'm just checking his movements and
keeping track everything everything
sounds good as heartbeats : the
contractions are happening just like are
you feeling doesn't like ya feel them
all day not that painful whatever um
yeah hopefully this won't take too long
and everything will be a-okay Holly and
I are eating some lunch now and we are
now on the second movie for Back to the
Future
check this out it's so cool and today is
in fact Wednesday October 21st 2015 that
crazy so cool together in a flying car
right now we don't have flying cars yet
I think we missed the dot on that just a
little bit okay we're on our way home
after what I thought was going to be
just a quick little NST 20 minutes done
and out and be on my way
and then being like three and a half
hours basically what happened was after
they did the NSP which was fine she then
came in to check my fluid again to make
sure it was high which it actually was
on the high end but still not
over-the-top
we're still good there but if it gets
any higher it could become like a
problem so then the midwife checked my
NST like strip and she was like well
they passed you but actually I'm not
really seeing like any X cells from the
baby basically meaning normally when he
has movement his heart rate should go up
but he really just was kind of like did
they weren't going down which is good
but they weren't going up so she's like
I would have to put you back on the
monitor and so had to sit back on the
monitor drink juice and she kind of like
will go around and it took a long time
to get the exhales but we finally got
them and it doesn't necessarily mean
anything was wrong and even if he wasn't
having exhales it wouldn't be like oh my
gosh immediate c-section right away or
anything it just was like that's not
passing an NST so in the end though he
passed annecy I had to like move to some
different positions and you know drink
more juice and all that he ended up
being fine but it was a long process
plus just a lot of talking about the
future since we're getting so close to
41 and then further and stuff everything
is good so far we are headed back home
hey Ollie and I are out of the house and
we are getting some errands done I'm in
the drive-thru for the bank and I also
got a ship off a couple of birthday
cards
what you miss mama hi I'm Amy and me me
you miss me me too what have you been
doing back here buddy I'm watching you
and you're like eating your toes were
you eating your feet there's something
on your foot
he's been doing that for a couple days
now to it on his feet huh are you
chewing on your feet hey what if we put
this back and then you get a really good
view of the nice sunny day we're having
isn't that cool you like that better
buddy the cauliflower a talking about
bitchy species were at Petco oh it's so
cute is that Nemo
I would love to get a saltwater tank and
just but also finding me my fishing I
you know that'd be so cool we are here
at Petco right now we are looking for a
snail to go in with our beta that will
work with the beta because you know we
have a tank that cleans and stuff it
does get a little like green at times
and it would be nice if this new kind of
help clean off the algae and all that so
it's a turtle in the water like you know
cool one day he's gonna have a turtle
you're gonna have a turtle Monday
can you say snail there he is
well he's so proud of his new snail his
new fishie huh what you ain't a man baby
shoo we're gonna name him shoo oli
wanted to get karma a treat and Carver
seems to know you want to give karma
history go ahead and give him the treat
you guys sitcom wait patiently car
what's it yay okay there you go hey can
you tell karma to roll over watch watch
mama sit Oh
ready lay down roll over whoo he did it
karma
Bing Bing no what are you doing all
right we can't give them all the treats
love that's it that's good hey hi
hashtag we're gonna go ahead and give
the snail a new home in this little tank
okay
let's open it up there he goes home very
anti-climatic he's just a snail
that's shoe that shoe hey hi shoe oh my
hashtag there he is shoe the snail he's
gonna be hashtags new buddy look at
these cute dog treats you guys we got a
ghost a bat and a pumpkin McKean
you want to give him another treat give
him the pumpkin
nice work for calling so we just got
these little cups from Target Ollie now
knows how to get water for himself so we
put them we put the cups by the water
dispenser put it right under there
that's good he knows how to do it now
you get some water
take a drink that's so cool he knows how
to do it now he's so proud of himself
okay you're getting dinner going to
notes this is work in that KitchenAid
work that KitchenAid girl making some
mashed potatoes they're steaming like
crazy still look at that homemade mashed
potatoes we did make mashed potatoes
from scratch but we're actually doing aa
dinner really easy tonight
you just have mashed potatoes gravy made
some country gravy and then I have those
like super easy chicken fried steak
things in the oven so we got five more
minutes left kind of like a partially
home-cooked meal you know mashed
potatoes is what it's all about though
really my lips are that's too many
raspberries in a row they can be as bad
all right we got buzz let you're in bed
are you buzzed Hey Oh yep we're gonna
read a book what books are we reading
tonight I didn't baby oh yeah something
about a baby it's called I love you
through and through and then we're
reading our favorite book don't push the
button do you love this book beep yeah I
just getting him ready for bed he
actually ate most of his dinner and then
actually gave him a little bit of ice
cream just like a tiny little bit I'm
that I don't normally give him like
dessert necessarily and he had like two
bites and he was like ah died I'm like
what the heck he's so funny like he
honestly does not like to eat a lot even
if he really likes that thing
he's not gonna eat that much of it so so
that's funny nothing no you're just
gonna read your book by yourself huh
give the video sometimes you enjoyed it
and we'll see you guys tomorrow safe to
infinity and beyond
all the places we go now
who knows
we'd overcome who knew
very easily tear down
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
and if everyday you tell me what he
believed you who knew
