he's still in there hey what are you
coming out good morning guys oli can you
say good morning what that is Rex's tail
what happened to it yeah it goes right
there huh can you put it back on we're
gonna play doc McStuffins right now oh
good job and then you just twist look at
that he's gonna stay back on nothing
like a good old toy fixin to start the
day and just like that I'm in the car
with my BAE and she just got back from
Mama's my BAE yes I was waiting for me
to get back from the chiropractor
appointment now she's back how did it go
it went good he said baby is very very
low not quite engaged so we don't know
how long it could be but this kid is
sweet time yeah we're not even not my
due date like it's fine
basically last night all the
contractions and the painful like
cramping stopped so I think it was just
practice in a way maybe it did something
to my cervix who knows I guess we would
always find out at my next wait man
which is in a couple days it kind of did
like get me a little excited and it was
kind of fun to have a little practice it
definitely was uncomfortable and was a
little painful so it was kind of fun to
like feel all that she's gonna be eating
our words when she's in the middle of
labor and she's like this was fun the
beginning so like it's almost siding
right now and you guys know that I love
going to Panera Bread and Panera Bread
saw my tweets and they sent me a gift
card they were like thanks for eating
our food here's a gift card yeah we're
gonna get food here's a gift card with
like a like 10 free meals on it yeah
they said I like a little like a little
plaque so yeah we're gonna
go use this up and get some free lunch
so thanks Panera Bread Paulie is
performing a fashion faux pas right now
you wearing socks and sandals daddy got
him dressed well here's the thing I
don't know where his shoes are but I
don't want to speak to be cold chilly
Missy and he has little toes and they
get cold it's not a spy it's not till
you know we just like to pretend like
it's really because like it's like just
a little tiny thing well I'm just
thinking about his toes I don't want
them to get cold so yeah he's wearing
socks
Polly is catching up on some buzz time
aren't ya oh and you even got your
little alien he is loving that grilled
cheese ha ha and look at this you guys
he eats around the press and you're
drinking chocolate milk yeah when he
eats the sandwich he eats all around it
he tried to eat the crust and he was not
happy right now I'll move on to the next
house okay I'm eatin some of this a
white cheddar mac and cheese we got soup
just went grocery shopping for the week
hopefully that's good that's a cup yes
now we are getting some Starbucks what I
wanted to show you this look at this
it's a mermaid with legs but that was
pretty cool and look what Missy got me
on the way out it's a very large Oprah
chai I just keep getting the bigger one
because it's so yummy and you got one
too you don't think you're a fan what's
with this summer look at these cells the
old summer cups because it's basically
summer hair still look at this little
stinker
what's up buddy you take an advantage of
Mama giving her lots of cuddles I'm
tired and grouchy say I'm tired just nap
but since it's a late now you're so
funny Holly cheer up kid life's not that
bad you're headed to Mimi's because of
course it is her birthday
and although
we've been celebrating it all weekend
really when we got to see her on her
birthday so we're going over there and
let Olly play I heard Papa got him a
little present did probably get you a
present
he's been talking about excite old him
that probably got my present present and
grantee and then on occasion see but
we've got a creep back there and now
Karma's in that which is actually a lot
safer for him and he kind of jumps
around he'd get a little crazy never
lays down yeah he doesn't like to lay
down he's in the car he gets a little
nervous so the crate I think will help
him stay a little bit calmer plus like I
always worry like if I got pulled over I
don't think that he would like I don't
think it is legal to just have a car
apartment and I also just not sure how
he would feel about some strangers
walking up to our car it was like a
police officer I'd be like afraid he'd
like try and get him have you been
feeling great today I've been having
like some off and on contractions
nothing like painful nothing really
yesterday was like the closest I've ever
gotten to being like this seems like it
could be the start of something today
nothing not a lot I did have a little
cramping earlier but nothing really just
be governed and he got ollie a little
pizza maker for his play-doh you making
pizza first we got add the cheese should
we do pepperoni that pizza look yummy
ollie right I don't know why we're
adding all these other things we just
like cheese on our pizza yeah
very simple don't try and eat it though
okay buddy I used to eat play-doh when I
was a kid it's not yummy scoop it out
there's not cool now you got to pretend
to eat it kay Missy's dad got me if you
guys don't know he uses my jokes to cut
don't touch it and look it's got like
that give me the willies
this is so cool and they got a giant
mushroom out here so I'm gonna go
chopping my shirt oh so you didn't
really him all I did was lift them up
there you go is there anything I can
chop in your yard two three
what's going on here we're just hanging
are we stuck in the tree is that finally
it's fine no this is cute you guys are
totally fine just hanging up there in
the tree
grab on oh-ho look at that
Papa got ollie some pop rocks to try so
we're gonna see what his reaction is
basically mama Leland first in yo mama's
gonna try the candy yeah you want some
candy try it buddy
just try it oh boy it was dry but I'm
freaking me out
I like crackling and they like popping
crack in your mouth
well it's like lemons in my throat
crackling it's really freaky then try on
his fork hey ready take a bite oh my god
it's going off it is now open your mouth
ah with us like we let it sit in our
mouth and feel it pop and he's just like
chewing ice probably trigger so where
are my mom's she's actually making us
some dinner right now and I have changed
by the way because I was like really
uncomfortable in my clothes
I wanted to show you why he liked how I
know he's so low but yet my belly still
looks pretty high I check this out like
usually this is his butt right here now
I can like press and there's no baby
there like it's all Hollow yeah I don't
know I thought that was kind of a thing
I thought I'd show you we ate dinner and
now fishy has to eat dinner so Olli is
on the stool and he's got the fish food
can you feed the fishy food I see
someone took that arm out of the tank
you're such a good little fish owner
say love you fishy can you give him a
fishy kiss his food no it's good it
looks like Finlay and I are going to end
the vlog he's still in there
hey when he coming out do you know do
you know what can you tell me when he's
not very talkative tonight you guys
sorry about that he's being kind of rude
anyway we put Ollie to sleep we are all
ready for the night Finley are you ready
for bed he's naked in there do you guys
remember that when CJ asked me see when
she was pregnant with Ellie you could
play the clip right now you guys can
watch
is naked in my belly yeah he doesn't
have any clothes in there nope that's
gotta be like the cutest question I've
ever heard he's naked in there and his
little naked butt is being stubborn and
not coming out we're literally ending
the vlog Finley and I miss he's not a
part of this at all I don't even know
where she is right now
I guess I'll end the vlog I hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up if you do the thumbs ups you
might be doing it in there for all I
know
thanks for watching guys subscribe if
you're not already a must see a minion
no that was me
we go now
your troubles we'd overcome
who use the ferry
see gather round
