trying to just make sure that he's okay
and like at this point I just I want him
out say hello I told Ali I was like come
start the vlog with me comes come over
here and then he laid down and I think
it's because he needs this type of
change all you need your diaper change
we're gonna go to the Midwife
appointment see what the heck's going on
with your baby brother whoa
Jedi Master Oliver he's like come here
mom I'll give you a c-section right here
cut that baby out right now let's do
this can I have a hug
now you broke my arm
my arm is gone now Thanks do you see my
arm do you see it that's all I have left
of it on he doesn't even care
all right coming up mm-hmm be good for
auntie Mimi okay okay we're gonna go now
I love you hey we are headed to my
midwife appointment and I am definitely
hoping for it some good news so hard
right now to just like really trust my
body it is honestly really hard to do
that like especially for me but like for
most women like your body is amazing
like they can seriously do it but for me
like I have am having a harder time
trusting my body and like not to get too
dramatic but I've had a lot of bad
experiences when I
my body I've had a miscarriage I have
had a silver the only reason always
basically alive is because I was my
instinct and I begged my doctors to let
me come down and check on him and
moments later I was given an emergency
c-section so that he would be out in
seconds sitting here trying so hard to
trust my body but yet also I'm like
frantically watching his movements and
trying to just make sure that he's okay
and like at this point I just I want him
out like I really do and I feel
confident that he's ready but yet I
don't know flutter my body won't go into
labor being induced is an option but
yeah I'm not really sure I want to go
with that option so I'm really trying
not to think about it I almost feel like
a be a c-section would be smarter before
induction but yeah I want to talk about
all that with my midwife and it's just I
don't know it's it's a lot it's a lot
going on in my mind these days and a lot
of emotions and a lot of like just oh
I'm trying so hard to just cope through
this
so anyways I'm hoping really hard for
good news I always enjoy going to my
doctor's appointment because it always
gives me a little bit more hope of
course then if it doesn't happen that it
drives me back down it's okay we just
got some not-so-great news
hey okay we having a contraction okay
doc so the Midwife checked ER and
there's no change baby's very high and
we do a little ultrasound found out that
this little bump right here all water
that's not even a baby right there
that's all just water so this is
something that they checked while we're
at the hospital and she's has a lot of
fluid and it could be possibly be the
reason why she doesn't fill him as much
it could be the reason why he's so high
still well I mean it's not progressing
yeah why you're not progressing because
and they can't even break your water
because there's so much space with the
water between her cervix and his head it
has a possibility for you know the cord
coming down in the wrong position and so
now there's
the hospital to get the fluid checked
and then Roscoe from there see what it's
like if it is like a danger if there are
risks to that as well to having so much
fluid yeah
all right we are on our way to the
hospital but first we had to make a
little bit of a stop so we are getting
some food in our bellies and corner
bakery huh yeah we definitely need to
pull up we're going to an NST Orson on
stress test for Missy to make sure that
baby's doing okay and see what we're up
against
basically you see husband having
contractions on the way here and right
now I have them often yeah he doesn't
really have a lot of hope right now so
I'm just gonna see what happens
check out these little bundt cakes we
got two guys we got chocolate chocolate
for Missy and I got a gingerbread
pumpkin oh no it's so good you guys this
tastes like happiness seriously
toke up all right we got the belly all
hooked up to the monitor checking out
how things are going they're gonna do
another ultrasound to track your fluid
their chat they're gonna check the fluid
and just kind of go from there we don't
really know a lot I feel like I've been
in this room like I'm busily I know
right and it's freezing cold I'm so cold
you guys I mean wearing pants I'm pretty
like a tiny little sheet I know
like if I am like it's another sheet
probably huh but you said you're having
contractions on the monitor mm-hmm we're
home we're getting ollie ready for bed
it was one of those days where we once
again didn't really get to see alway for
very long and we spend most of the day
at the doctor's now it's time for bed 9
9 k I know last night he got out of bed
and really wanted to sleep with us
yeah like okay I cannot say no to your
face so cute so I let him sleep with us
for maybe like 40 minutes and
measurables he were like he wanted his
head on my chest and it's beating right
face so I brought him back in here of
course you wanna go right to sleep so I
laid with him and then you fell asleep I
fell asleep but it was like the worst
cuz like he's like kicking me and yeah
every time I'd movie hey where are you
going he's like I'm going down said hey
we're not we're going night-night
Ali has requested sleepyhead can you say
sleepyhead can you say sleepy head baby
head baby head like how do you know that
weird it's funny and do you want to go
another book without good night moon
good night good night moon is that this
one oh good night moon all right we got
two books to read okay then we're gonna
cuddle lame bad cake oh cool
hey you where's the fire hot where's the
hot yeah we don't want to have
fireplaces in California for a new boy
autumn never like it
there was a kitty cat yeah me no you're
gonna cuddle in bed again cuddle yeah I
don't think he's too happy about going
to bed I feel bad and we were the
doctors all day but we're gonna hang out
a little bit so um but yeah okay so we
went to the hospital they did the check
and fluid level was normal
yeah fluid level was normal and looked
good so that was really nice and be
assuring that there's no nothing going
on and they did order me a couple NS T's
this week so I'm gonna have to be going
down there a couple more times keep an
eye on the baby especially when it comes
to the fluid and just given like my past
and stuff and since I'm so far like
since I'm over my due date stuff they
want to keep keep checking on
all of that and at this point they're on
board with letting me try and go into
labor naturally but they probably won't
let me go too far past 41 weeks if that
were to happen I might end up getting
induced but we're really hoping that
that doesn't end up happening we're
hoping that my body can just go into
labor on its own and we won't have to
worry about all that keep praying that
this will happen I am really really
hoping that it will but at the same time
I'm just gonna try and relax and you
know just take one day at a time take
one step at a time I think my biggest
thing right now is just emotions my
emotions are just all over the place the
pain is there but I feel like I can get
through the pain it's the emotions right
now that just get me and I get down
really easily and so it's hard but I did
get a membrane sweep so we'll see
I'm having a lot of cramping right now
which is kind of what happened last time
so maybe maybe it'll still happen so
alright I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog though are you ready for bed now
Olli
did you have a fun day and I can miss a
pop I know you remember you met with
Mimi and Auntie and yeah did you have
fun with them yeah would you do icarly
you went outside okay yeah how'd you
play okay yeah that's good
I'm glad you had a fun day we maybe
don't know we missed you
did you miss mom and dad ah I know buddy
oh yeah did you miss mom and dad ah hey
I had to come
yeah alright well you want to say then I
do the vlog they see you tomorrow
they thumbs up and day
and out of this town in all the places
we go now
who knows
roubles we'd overcome
we take down
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
and if everyday you tell me what it
believed you who knew
Oh
