i unbuttoned one side of his overall so
he looks a little more country I think
it's cute look at hand putting to you to
work Papa put on my shoes not too tight
sir good morning guys we are getting
brunch with the whole fam and honor of
Mimi's birthday never any thank you for
being born so that we could have brunch
we are at the original pancake house
hey Ollie are you gonna eat pancakes
pancakes Papa put your shoes on he's so
nice to you huh Jimmy used to wear
though there was adorable it's so cute
all he's wearing overalls did you didn't
you get him those he's got a few pair
now oh really
thank you God yeah those aren't the ones
I got in bed oh okay bye
that's why we had pop up my orange juice
literally has a seed in it number two
that's Alfred squeeze to this right now
I know that's crazy they do fresh
squeezed juices here even your apple
juice babe is it really yeah taste it
yeah Missy normally doesn't like that
actually bigger yeah
soon let it go let it go it was just
singing like crazy we just finished
breakfast and we are now headed down at
to the farmers market because we just
want to hang out outside a little bit
it's really nice and I need to walk I
really should start walking I am feeling
it really cautious talk about the
ladybugs
oh I'm having a love lightning that's
why this is funny the buddy word I'm
like itching myself like crazy right now
yeah I'm just really like really
nauseous today I'm really exhausted I
don't know what to think of it all I'm
wondering if I'm showing signs of early
labor but I'm not really sure at this
point it's definitely just kind of not
feeling as good as I usually do and you
know lighting crotch and I have
lightning cracks but anyways we're just
gonna go walk around hang out and kind
of enjoy this really nice weather it's
definitely not a hot day today so we
want to take advantage of it hey Olli
what you got you got a rock Jackson
likes rocks huh you had to get a rock in
honor of Jackson cuz you miss him i
unbuttoned one side of his overall so he
looks a little more country I think it's
cute we are walking down to the farmers
market and if there's anything about
going to the farmers market it's that
you're gonna do a lot of walking
cuz parking is far away so it's good for
meseta walk around get that baby moving
yeah you see loon and I have to pee so
badly I might pee my pants don't pee
your pants it skips right over to Auntie
you want to see some snakes what you
want to hold snakes there's snakes we
have to stand hey I like that he did on
purpose he looked like a hillbilly Holly
you know what a snake is he's like I
don't know what's going on
look at that snake Wow yeah I'm not
going to be doing that you have to fan
out sanitize your hands the boy that's
is your friend's name his name's takari
the pie dakari duck car against car you
don't go backwards
he's a dry I'll see if you want you
because you know what it is you know all
that muscle like a snake that's all
muscle no he could like he can I could
really tell me this is his goal for ya
feet long about 35 right are you gonna
hold her um you have to I'll just say
now you're gonna hold it oh my goodness
oh my god where's their head right there
so you're like baseball like Britney
Spears right now she is strong looks
like a backpack on him yeah she likes
the latest fashion trend yeah she's like
cuddling up and like she loves to cuddle
I'm telling you she's like essentially
you're like cuddle in her bed but yeah I
do actually
oh my gosh her favorite thing is net
from committees and long walks on the
beach another thing is in Africa
actually they wear ball pythons that you
do have as jeweler that means royalty I
hope I'll tease royalty yeah so I get a
bar he's like get me give me a chance to
develop mommy and daddy's fear of snakes
I can't believe I'm doing I know me oh
that was crazy you guys I never thought
I'd be able to do that I'm very afraid
of snakes but he was actually saying 90%
of the snakes that you find here in
California are non-venomous venomous not
violent or anything like that and
Hollywood just kind of instills that
fear and and you about snakes so that
was crazy I was a crazy experience we
know there we go how's that Ali's that
better that's good I'm gonna tap me on
any of us to go potty okay is Briggs I'm
doggy we got fruit look at that skin um
yummy parents people have one too
how is it good are they good really cool
always have really nice flowers here
good fruit always sniff the 500 all you
want to smell the flowers you got to
stop and smell the flowers mix up weird
face with his nose Papa has been
carrying oli like this all day put your
arms out fly like Buzz you flying hahaha
hmm he's got like the biggest wedgie
ever so we are now at the penny pickled
Children's Museum and this is a really
cool place because they have lots of
cool random things and all he can touch
everything
who is our toys in there come on oh wow
it is very cramped whoa since very
interesting and random
nikohl thing together says how long is
this hallway look inside looks pretty
long you guys tell me come here look at
that who's that
yeah and all he's over there and over
there and over there
enter at your own risk whoa not scary
part might be free oh whoa Holly let me
see your arm you got a snake on your arm
that's so cool
okay I have a letter what do you have
Missy oh wow you're like really glowing
phenom well I'm really glowing sure yeah
I'm sure it's like we're in the twilight
zone
ah buddy look at the star this is so
weird
darn it we're going into the wardrobe
that's mama can they see I don't think
they can see guys
you
this is a time machine messy yeah well
did it work maybe no baby's not here
Holly what are we watching can say
Aladdin Aladdin we are home now and we
are watching Aladdin cuddling up on the
bed we had such a fun day today though
didn't we buddy
your friend Nene who would meet me in
papa hey Olli how was your day it was
good
oh you know he's got on it what did Papa
do do you make you fly Mickey oh yeah he
was doing it he's flying huh would not
like you were not to carry him in any
other way no he had to fly the rest of
the day it was quite crazy oh yeah we
had such a blast we're gonna go ahead
and call it a day though I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did click
that thumbs up if you guys have not
downloaded Finley's lullaby it is on
iTunes right now so go check it out link
down below in the description thank you
guys so much for watching with Shia
manana say bye
discounting all the places
we go now
troubles we'd overcome who knew
who use the very
you take down in all
see gather round who knew
