can you sing that man you playing the
guitar good morning guys today we we got
some bad news in the community in the
YouTube community everything's fine with
us um babies okay missus okay but um by
now some of you might have heard that
Caleb from the bright ailee family
passed away and I'm just like instantly
reminded to how fragile life is you know
what I mean I can't imagine losing my
boy I didn't believe it I thought oh I
hope their Instagram is hacked like it'd
be horrible that someone would do that
but I was like oh I hope I hope it's
hacked I hope it's not true and my
management confirmed it I was just like
oh my god my heart drops I'm you guys
please just be praying for them because
like I said I can't imagine what they're
going through it's just it's got to be
crazy to think that I could lose this
little boy you know and that's how life
is
it's just like a reminder to how
delicate and fragile life is
I'm really hurting for them and I are
doing okay are you trying to blow out
the candle trying to blow it out go
ahead try and blow it up yeah you want
me to do it
there you go so yeah this is just a
horrible loss for their family for the
community it's just a really really sad
thing so please just be praying for the
bright Ali family and you guys if you're
watching just know that we love you and
we care about you and you know if you
ever need anything just don't hesitate
to text today I'm definitely going to be
hugging my boy a little bit tighter and
look as I'm saying this he is now
climbing on the counter
you want to donut alright hey buddy you
need to get down I'm too dead that come
to me
okay I kiss I love you you know that
yeah you just want chocolate okay so
yeah that's all I wanted to say about it
you guys pray for them hug someone you
love life is a fragile thing you know
good morning guys I'm in a different
house right now I'm in my mom's house
I'm hanging out with them at the moment
and if you didn't know it is officially
my mom's birthday weekend starting today
starting today and so first things first
first we got to go relax so we're gonna
go get massages which my mom never I
gave a saw her once well I'm not gonna
lie pregnant so I'm like yeah I'm
getting massage she never gets massages
I think the last was all you had was
like you're probably a birthday right
last year yeah and we went to like
somewhere like super super cheap where
they probably are just messing your back
up more than actually helping got one
where um where they took off her clothes
yeah they like take it off for you all
he just brought me this costume cuz he
wanted to put it on your a doggy say
ruff ruff say ruff ruff looks so cute
Oh Missy is on her way back from the
massage she got him Asajj with her mom
um it's kind of like her mom's birthday
and she might be over yeah but you want
to show mommy your doggy costume daddy
look at this cute little doggy I I would
feed you so many doggy treats bingo
oh-oh-oh
can you wag your tail shake your booty
shake your booty how do I massage it it
was so nice it was probably one of the
best right um yeah it was definitely
better than the one that we did last
year together I feel really good feel
nice and relaxed any kind of muscle
tension they definitely help out with
all that and now we're starving so we're
headed home wouldn't go see Ollie and
eat some lunch
guess who's here oh my goodness Shawna
Heinicke can you go mm-hm
take your buddy just like everybody is
on what is they oh you brought me food
mommy a kiss he brought that to me and
wanted to put it on yeah well I seem to
mess it up you guys I am upstairs and if
you guys haven't seen under this little
cubbyhole there's all this baby stuff
that needs to be put together we have a
pack and play for downstairs an arm
reach co-sleeper for in our bedroom and
this is actually a rock and play which
is really simple for to move around the
house it's super light with the baby in
it hey chill out for a while they're
just really convenient I started putting
together rock and play and I didn't find
the directions until after I made a
mistake and once you put these legs into
here they basically don't come out it's
actually swapped so I don't know what to
do I probably just ruined it I just
frustrated and I pushed it back to
Murphy
okay not gonna do this sitting obviously
I wanted to today's basically just kind
of been a really chill day we haven't
been doing a lot staying at home I
cleaned up a ton so I've just been
cleaning a lot organizing a lot getting
things ready played a little Tony Hawk
pro skater Favre
which has been really fun and just kind
of relaxing it's nice to veg out on that
for a while today's been a rough day for
me
I after my massage I just like got this
excruciating headache I could not cope
just like laying on the couch and so
much pain I thought he was starting to
drop the other night because he was so
low but he's pretty high right now and
I've been really trying to get him to
jump up cuz my ribs are literally in
excruciating pain and the massage
service can't do anything about ribs
Bryan's making us some dinner he's
cooking up some chicken yeah we got
bread crumbs though there yeah it's not
very fun I've been really lazy I have a
little bit of a confession to make my
sister came by and I convinced her to go
get me some pasteurized eggs because
I've been craving cookie dough and as
you know you can't really eat cookie
dough when you're pregnant cuz of rock
you know the eggs are safe I can eat
that egg completely raw and you will not
get salmonella or any things to maybe
make a little bit of cookie dough and he
does a little bit of it I just have to
vlog this it's so cute look at garma
cuddling with his daddy
this never happens
why are you cuddly with karma this feels
like um yeah karma doesn't but we really
don't try not to let him on the couch
very much unless he is specifically
cuddling with us but Bryan doesn't
really like dog hair on him so that is a
moment you have to document all right
Holly we got a head upstairs and go get
ready for bed and take a bath that
sounds fun okay we're gonna take a bath
let's go say March March March March up
those stairs how excited are you
get in the bath are you excited look at
that really awesome bubble bath you get
in there buddy
good night I am wearing my bun in the
oven shirt I haven't really worn this
shirt much because when I first got it
it was like huge I was like I'm never
gonna fit in that shirt
but when I'm like my biggest I'll never
fit in that shirt and Here I am it
literally fits perfectly it's like box
red threads shirt so if you guys have
checked them out this it is really
comfortable and I'm happy that something
fits these days so that my theories on
giving Ollie a bath today is definitely
just been kind of like just like trying
to chill because as I get really really
close to the end of the pregnancy I'm
starting to just get really like just
ooh I don't know anxious and and I'm
getting really bad headaches and just
uncomfortable these days really just
today was chill day plus with the news
of the Britt Ailey family it was really
sad it was definitely like a hard day to
like move because you're just so in so
much shock and um just really I just
feel so it feels so bad for them and I
feel like it's something that is like
completely unimaginable but yet they are
having to actually deal with it and I
just can't imagine it's it's just so
devastating so that's definitely been a
lot on our minds today that's why we've
kind of been also taking it easy I think
um but anyways I'm gonna go ahead and
end the vlog I'm definitely gonna try
and get this kid to bed a little bit
earlier tonight so that Mama can just
relax on the couch with my big old
stretched out belly is hoping is so
stretched out you guys it's just like oh
wee oh wee oh wee oh wee um so hope you
guys enjoyed the video give it a thumbs
up if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
say bye ollie
you know the little girl was made
overcome
the reason
all the crowd because we would have
found
and if everyday you tell me what it's
all a coon mean I'm gonna have never
been before and
