I am clearly officially too big for this
shirt check it out it literally doesn't
say anymore good morning guys today I am
sitting in Finley's nursery and look
what I found this morning I found the
lullaby I wrote for Finley on the top 50
on iTunes already you guys look at that
number 45 that's amazing
thank you guys so much I am so glad that
you guys love the song I'm like super
proud of it and I honestly cannot wait
to sing it - Finley when he's here so if
you guys haven't got Finley lullaby go
check it out links are down below in the
description - Vale on iTunes on Google
Play for all you Android users and even
on Amazon mp3 by Olly
bye see you later oh here let me help
you here I'll put it down for you k okay
good morning buddy you're just playing
in the zoo bed oh yeah you're the cutest
little skeleton I know I love you you
want candy oh you want your vitamin
candy good morning guys
not quite morning we have been resting a
lot of today my little Molly is asking
for candy okay we're gonna get you right
into Tina grab two out oh there's one
can you got it good job one more
Hado looks like we are over the it's not
candy so I have been resting a lot of
today Brian's gone whenever he's gone I
seem to have like very little motivation
so even like my house is just kind of
like mess right now I definitely want to
get moving a little bit and I really
want to do a mom date today my prom date
to usually go up on Friday and I haven't
filmed it karma what is going on you're
so excited what's what's happening
don't go play outside I'm go swim you
want to go outside too we might need to
go outside soon maybe we'll go swim I am
clearly officially too big for this
shirt check it out yeah it literally
doesn't fit anymore oh I am too big for
my maternity clothes this is just
getting ridiculous
I'm officially 38 weeks which is kind of
exciting as I've never been 38 weeks I
was only 37 with ollie
so officially a number that have never
been before and it's exciting and scary
and I know a lot of emotions yesterday I
definitely thought he had dropped
because he was really really low but
he's actually kind of back up here now
I'm really sad I thought he'd finally
kind of gotten lower and get was giving
my ribs a little break trying to bounce
on my ball trying to do a lot of
different positions squatting lunges
stuff like that to help him draw I don't
think it's happened yet he might be
getting lower but I don't think he's
officially
to rock today is exciting because I am
doing the last bit of recording for my
EP so I just pulled up to the studio
and I'm headed in right now I'm
recording three songs today hopefully I
can get them all done but I don't want
to rush it I want things to be perfect
while I'm here I'm hoping that Denise he
doesn't that text me and say hey I'm in
labor please oh please don't let that
happen
good bye September it is officially
October which means I have to make my
new calendar this month is over which
means it's baby month
hey you pinky you should not be up here
say goodbye September say bye September
say hello baby
baby and here it is October I've got my
mom's birthday we've got Midwife
appointment and the baby's eviction day
that's when he's coming out or at least
by that day I always put the dates of
how many weeks I'll be so I'm 38 39 40 I
refuse to add 41 42 okay guys it's not
happening oh my gosh you guys we have
been recording like crazy today we're on
our third song for the day and it's been
so fun it's so hot in this booth I'm in
this polka but I can't find the light I
turn off the light because these lights
add so much heat I am so sweaty
oh my gosh what we've been having so
much fun and maybe I'll show you a
little bit of what we worked on it's
pretty crazy
look I just came in the mail I know you
can't really tell but this is my pretty
pushers gown and look I got my bag all
packed except these aren't supposed to
be in there I did actually add a blanket
because I was kind of thinking I might
want something that's like comes from
home but yeah I got my pretty purchased
gown which is basically like a nice
hospital gown that started off to where
like one of the big baggy ones it's kind
of a little bit more comfortable a
little bit softer you kind of just tend
to feel a little bit nicer in it rather
than like a big frumpy one so I'm going
to add that time bag look at that I'm
basically ready to go Hospital bag is
done also I just saw my bump date so I
should have a bump T on my channel right
now so if you guys want to see what's
been going on over the last week with
the pregnancy and stuff like that that's
my go check out my bump date I'll have
it
down blue happy Christina slips right on
pain
that'll give you short
you just need to need to be fresh
Oh need to be look who's here we've got
Mimi looks like karma wants to go some
high we are actually gonna go in the hot
tub I was kind of wanting to just hang
out and relax my rib muscles whoo-hoo
say yay like I'm in I think Brian's
actually gonna be here soon he's been
gone all day recording I was like are
you sure you want to go because where he
records is pretty far away and obviously
I'm very pregnant I think he made it
home before I think he made it home
before I karma
get your tail away from me you're
splashing me Oh imma say this what's the
time I think he made it home before I go
in labor so that's good all these women
having some fun jeez all right guys I am
headed home so much got done in the
studio today it was such a productive
day we ended up recording two full songs
and we started on another but I will
have to go back and finish that one and
that one is a little bit more whoa look
at this lens flare action whoo I'm so
happy with the songs we recorded today I
have to pee so bad I drank four of these
who's home humming good is dead ahh
daddy's home oh he's home and he brought
us dinner yeah cuz he got home kind of
late and we were like that's not cooked
hi-yaaa cuts olives oh yeah it's good
anything so you're just so fancy he just
liked it my buck view hmm looks
interesting yeah I think I like it
I trust me I took my heartburn
medication like an hour ago to prepare
for this meal saying it was gonna be
like a sauce and apparently you drink
almost all your chocolate mouth already
actually drink almost all that on oh
okay
chicken yeah and you got french fries
yeah YUM chicken like a boss well I gave
him lunch day he wouldn't need it so
he's probably starving he and
was uh-huh he wouldn't eat one bite come
here come on
let's fog let's fog tell the camera what
you did today hey there boo
uh-huh and what else did you do dear Bo
who did you hang out with today
me me me me me
anyone else me me okay
me me an auntie Papa no no Papa my Papa
wasn't here hey did you go swimmin with
Mama hey what'd you do buh-buh-buh-buh
Oh bolt the with the doggy doggy and
Miley Cyrus do you like that movie
how was it good it was a good movie me
don't give me don't go get me mmm girl
brat All Right see you later we are now
putting Ollie to bed and he is
pretending to be a doggy and licking
mama are you licking mama giving her
doggy kisses he sees only liquor ship
shirts he doesn't look like our face
right yeah give you a deacon today I was
putting all I'd done for his nap and I
laid with him for a little bit longer
and I actually fell asleep with him and
then I woke up to a really loud snoring
and it wasn't him it was me I woke up to
my own snoring it was so loud I did not
more I'm just so pregnant that
apparently I snore and then I was
telling Brian this and he says that I
snore every night now right it's really
bad
hey Anne tweeted about it was I I saw
his tweet but I thought he was just
exaggerating but like I woke up to it I
was like well like oh my gosh I just was
snoring that's so bad I made these
cookies just for Brian and they look
absolutely delicious I think this one
looks the best it's got chocolate on the
top it's crunchy and delicious oh yeah
look at that cookie I'm going to take it
to Brian the house is like super dark
and like very
comics monkey boy is your cookie do you
want glass of milk yeah okay anyways
this is like what we do like every night
we watched us for housewives we eat a
cookie and we hang out and be together
oh I really likes it but yeah we're
actually going to go ahead and end the
vlog because it is bedtime and we need
to go to bed by the way this candle
smells amazing it's like a pumpkin spice
one and it's got like all these
different little branches and stuff so
good we're going to end the vlog give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
I will see you guys tomorrow
for this milk with my left hand would be
okay
all the places we go now who knows the
troubles we'd overcome
very easily tear down and all the crowd
