I am hoping to not go into full-blown
labor while getting my nails done but at
the same time I'm 40 weeks and I'm ready
to go into full-blown labor so if it
happens then I will figure out good
morning guys Missy and I woke up to a
fun little surprise from my friends
Colin and Katie Michelle yes all right
so the guys this adorable soft blanket
it's green and gray and of course we
were like okay well if it's fun : Katie
it's gotta be monogrammed so it actually
took me a while to figure out if it was
and then I found this that's so cool I'm
just saying is so cool I just like
personalizing it so much more yeah yeah
it's so cool oh yeah and this actually
just started a couple minutes ago Missy
is having contractions and has started
timing them they started about an hour
ago and they're pretty irregular and
pretty much not like they're very mild
at this point but I'm just hoping that
something will pick up especially since
we did the membrane sweep yesterday so
on and it's my due date so yes I guess
that'd be crazy if he came on his due
date has anyone in your family been born
on their due date I have no idea not not
for my mom for sure yeah I'm definitely
interested I'm kind of intrigued by
these contractions yeah Missy is
actually 40 weeks pregnant today
I mean I'm 10 months 10 months pregnant
yeah I can't believe is month of
pregnancy yes yeah 40 weeks but I didn't
think you're gonna make it to 40 weeks
crazy on
because I just figured that like with
like all my uterus stuff fell yeah
something that something would happen I
don't know but definitely not the case
still kicking away and enjoying life in
there dang that's crazy
he's gonna come out speaking Spanish all
right it is lunchtime so I'm gonna be
making us some sandwiches this is
everything I need to make what I call a
holiday turkey sandwich so I've got my
bread which I'm going to toast I've got
my cranberry sauce this is the kind that
has the whole berries in it mashed up so
not a whole lot of jelly I've got my
turkey gravy my stuffing and my turkey
breast this is just a big ole precooked
jennie-o turkey breast that I'm gonna be
slicing up in hina and then mayonnaise
this is like one of the most yummiest
turkey sandwiches you can make because
it's just like everything that we eat at
Thanksgiving all together and I actually
made it from Missi late last night and
she loved it so I'm gonna make her
sandwich right now - all right I'm gonna
walk you guys through how I layered this
sandwich
you got your bread which I toasted and
then you're gonna add a little bit of
mayonnaise on both sides then on a
bottom I'm gonna do a layer of Turkey
and then I'm going to do a layer of
stuffing on top of the turkey then I'm
gonna take my gravy which is nice and
hot and pour it all over the stuffing I
have exhausted my gravy we're gonna do
another little layer of Turkey right on
top of that and then you're gonna take
your top bun and we are gonna put some
cranberry sauce right all right just a
little bit of it cuz the cranberry sauce
pretty strong but just makes it nice and
sweet so you have sweet and savory and
delicious all on one little button boom
and there you have it you guys a holiday
turkey sandwich delicious all right babe
this one is for you how are you doing
we may be getting a little bit more
painful yeah yeah she's been yeah she's
been laying on that couch taking a
little relaxing break I am still having
contractions some more painful than
others but nothing too promising yet but
I really wanted to kind of get my mind
off things and my nails have been kind
of like really crazy so I thought I'm
gonna go get my nails done relax and
maybe see what happens I am hoping to
not go into full-blown labor while
getting my nails done but at the same
time I'm 40 weeks and I'm ready to go
into full-blown labor so if it happens
then I will figure it out but I think
I'm actually gonna pick my mom up just
that I have someone with me to hang out
with and talk to plus if anything
happens and I won't be all by myself
all right I am sitting in Finley's
nursery can't believe I'm gonna be
having two sons you guys this is crazy
two kids we're gonna be a family of four
soon it's gonna be different and I know
it's gonna be good still but it's like I
love my little family of three you know
like Missy and I have so much fun with
Olly all the time it's just gonna be
different you know it's gonna take some
getting used to I think definitely too I
just can't wait to see him or meet him
you guys I'm getting so anxious and just
sit up here and look at his name on the
wall and I just imagine him and Olly
playing here on the rug and almost
getting time you guys check out what I
made today too
I threw this together in Photoshop and
fiction notice because it is Finley's
due date and we're gonna serve him
papers now get him the heck out of here
it's not that we don't like him in there
we do we would just rather him out here
I think so let's go serve the tenant
with some unfortunate news hey ollie I
may need you as backup come on come on
let's go tell this guy who's boss where
is he
excuse me ma'am I need to speak to
Finley can you please present him I'm
gonna need you to open the door ma'am
thank you this guy has officially been
served eviction notice it says
Department of the pregnant belly
eviction notice attention you're nine
month lease is past due you are hereby
required to vacate the premises within
the next 72 hours other living
arrangements have been made for you and
we are eagerly awaiting your arrival
sincerely at the management mom and dad
I'm so glad we didn't give him like
seven days to pay rent ursa I know right
no basically at this point I am
deducting rent from his college fund
that's gonna happen go do your roll roll
good job now roll back roll back there
you go keep going keep going one more
left fine
okay roll to the wall again go go go go
oh I wonder where all I could be
wherever could he be in this giant room
hey okay can we put your pajamas on now
can we put your oh are you really
calling in a bed like that oh my gosh
are you all ready he's a knight Knight
to your moo moo say night-night
all right we've got the kid to bed and
we're now just relaxing in bed he's
doing so much better going back going to
sleep no I'm gonna say so much better
yeah doing a little bit last night he
slept all through the night and didn't
climb into bed with us
I think he's just getting older and he's
realizing um I'm out of bed why am i
staying in here so we're just trying to
bring one cover with me all night but
yeah today was an interesting day for me
I really thought I was gonna go into
labor I was really feeling cramping and
having a lot of contractions and are you
still I mean yeah like I'm definitely
uncomfortable and I guess I'm kind of
hoping that maybe something will happen
in the nighttime but I'm kind of like
mentally exhausted from thinking about
it so much just not think about it
anymore I guess there's a lot of
anticipation a lot of anxiety a lot of
like excitement a lot of like scared
miss there's just so much involved in it
obviously if you've given birth before
you know what I'm talking about we are
just gonna maybe watch some TV and go to
bed
I've been so tired lately like to the
point where I feel like I've never felt
this type of exhaustion we're like I
cannot keep my eyes open I slept so much
today and I'm Kai I'm like maybe it's
because I my body is telling me you need
to sleep because you're gonna go into
labor soon but I guess we'll see if I
seriously go into labor soon yeah we're
gonna watch some TV and just hang out
and relax we actually just finished
tests for housewives yes and I'm really
upset about it have you watched it we
really enjoyed it
I really took this like all summer yeah
like it seemed just like also oh yes
now we need a new show to watch we have
nothing and we want show that we want to
show that like already has tons of
seasons so that we can like not have to
wait every week for a new one so if you
guys have any suggestions leave them
down below we're desperate
we've already watched all the friends
and all the office we watched those we
just went through all those again yeah
so nice to just put on a show though and
just like watch a couple episodes before
yeah especially if you don't need to
like pay super attention and then but
that's for housewives you have to take
pay attention but alright guys we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog hope you
guys enjoyed it give the video a thumbs
up wish me luck that some labor dust
maybe and hopefully that'll happen soon
well hopefully we'll meet little Finn
he's down there he's actually kicking
away right now which is nice so alright
see you guys tomorrow
we go now who knows the troubles we'd
overcome
who use the berries
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
and if everyday you tell me you wanna
believe you
who knew
