Holley good morning good morning say
mornin you're wearing sunglasses like
mama and Dada huh the future so bright
that you gotta wear shades
gotta wear shades yeah
those longest he kept them on Missy I
know we're trying we're still trying
with the sunglasses you guys we even
opened the window and we were like look
it's not so bright
cuz we have to manipulate our sons to
look cool
hi karma oh look at karma on his throne
is this your new throne karma you know
we got for Finn oh yeah we got some cool
Peter Rabbit blocks we found these at
Barnes and Nobles actually it has like
one two is like one three six and then
oh the name cool that is way cool yeah I
think a little toy for them to play on
the rod wise like this looks like so
much fun to knock over okay let's let's
let's just not
anyway good morning guys it is Sunday we
are headed to the store because we have
people coming over today so we wanted to
just grab a couple days that's all we
being a ninja by the way are you ninja
yeah yeah it's happening what are you
gonna do oli are you doing oh no when
they all would everywhere see momma told
you go go go go go go go go go go go go
oh yeah
cruising you are cruising dude buckle
yourself oli can you do it
good job he's like uh if I'm gonna be in
here guys I need to be buckled it's only
safe okay one BC okay
hey where's hey where's Rex and will and
Buzz I put him then I put them in his
pocket
grab him can you get him okay I'll get
him
Rex rawr to infinity and beyond there
you got some shopping buddies okay yay
why does that get so guilty kidding you
can't go into target and not go to the
Halloween section you guys and look what
all they already has you're gonna fill
that whole thing up with candy this year
yeah bucket that's a pretty big candy
bucket dude probably be better Holly how
about that one
no he's like no I want like all this
candy please pick your Halloween costume
buddy what about a ninja turtle you want
to be a ninja turtle what about a slice
of pizza you do love pizza yes there's
Christmas things out now I think that is
quite ridiculous also you have a shield
a Captain America shield you want to be
Captain America just left target
we actually just grabbed like a few of
essentials and some cool stuff because
we are having my cousin over my cousin
Jessica miss my baby sprinkles so she
really he popped his balloon so he's
really upset about it so she wanted to
come over and just like hang out with us
and she didn't get to go to the sprinkle
but I am so sad because all I went in
there with Rex and Buzz he loves those
toys he holds on to them with like all
his might if he drops him he goes buzz
buzz buzz and then we stop and we get
him but we came out and I can't find
either and he is totally like not yeah
and I am and I am devastated like I'm
literally devastated I don't think he
understands that
gone for reals unless they're not gone
because they literally I always think
okay they're gone and then they always
show up somewhere so I kind of pockets
though I don't understand where they
could be I don't know where they could
be either and he dropped him a couple
times every time he was beat Ellis be
like buzz buzz buzz and then we would
pick them up so I he hasn't said
anything and I can't find them and
they're gone
so I'm really really sad about it and
hopefully they show up look at CJ right
now you guys he is killing it on the
hoverboard it's amazing bro do you like
it does it feel like the future all he's
getting a ride from auntie dang CJ is
the youngest person I've seen on one of
these killing it bro so this is kind of
creepy guys check this out
we found Buzz or rather Buzz found us
okay I was out in the garage
showing Jessica the new car and she
found Buzz and he was on the ground
behind the car and I swear this always
happens with all these Toy Story toys
whenever he finds them they find some
way to reappear somehow it's creepy he
probably saw us leaving the target
parking lot and was running and hanging
onto the car and then once we got in the
garage he fell out because there's no
other way to explain this this was
completely gone how how how you guys is
crazy there's some Toy Story magic up in
here all right we're all hanging out in
the pool and all he's on his favorite
new pool thing he's just waiting for
karma to come pool at taking her story
pullin woohoo oh he dropped in karma
poly is experimenting with a pool noodle
which he never normally split with can
you swim - ante with it let's see if
he'll swim with it kick it kick
oh yeah look at the Hat go CJ go CJ come
to mama
I feel like he can hang on to it so much
better - you know good job dude
swim to the pregnant belly yeah tell me
what you got buddy what is it it's a
popsicle say pop it's a pop yeah it's a
pup we never give those to Ollie he just
always happens to take them when we open
up the freezer for anything and I'm like
oh yeah you could totally have one
they're like all all-natural fruit
things whatever he likes some they're
small so he's been happy hey how about
you come to vote hey Ollie you go sit in
your chair tonight there's supposed to
be some sort of like crazy Blood Moon
and legend says that it's supposed to
induce labor so we're crossing our
fingers a lot of people say that like if
they were like a labor and delivery
nurse that the labor and delivery ward
was usually very full and I'm just like
whatever this baby's never coming out so
tonight I made some spicy Chinese food
in the hopes that it will put Missy into
labor and I even even did this for you
Wow I didn't know you were doing with it
you were yeah you guys I can I can be
cute sometimes you got chicken are you
just browsing Instagram over there yeah
mama
look I see what's out there
is your belly like a shelf can you sit
on it like a shelf yeah we can go look
at the moon whoa the moon is so big and
red and blurry do you see it
that is so cool say night-night dad now
there do yell it really loud
yeah oh hey night out it's time for bed
this kid did not get a nap today
he has been going going going and we
were really going to put him down for
nap when we got home from Target but
then we got home a little bit later and
then everyone came over and no nap ever
happened he's been so good today and
actually it's like pastas bedtime you
know it says your bed timing and you're
still being good you're back I don't
know what he's saying but yeah I'm gonna
go ahead and put him to bed and I'm
gonna go hang out on the couch maybe eat
a couple cookies and drink some milk I
really like my milk good night what are
you doing are you ready for bed ah
you're so cute this kid is going to be
such a cute little big brother a little
big brother I'm so excited to see him as
a big brother I cannot believe that we
are counting down the weeks days
whatever it is it's crazy I do have a
doctor's appointment tomorrow so I am
very interested I do have a little
something going on that I really want to
talk to her about and hopefully we can
get some answers all right are you ready
for night-night we're gonna go in here
lay down so I can change your diaper
okay hey no you don't say no no made
careful xisa you're gonna hurt yourself
all right guys I hope you guys enjoyed
the video today give it a thumbs up a
few days say thumbs up they dumped that
oh oh my oh my what are you doing
all right we will see you guys tomorrow
and that's okay cuz five dozen new
Eastern so easily
and that's alright j√∂rgen but yourself
acting
away from the things they say but alas
you find it'll never change
