I'm in a lot of pain alright we are
headed out that contraction lasted for a
minute in 17 seconds it's so hard to
doing to them in such excruciating pain
you think we're gonna have her I'm so
afraid that not I'm just such a baby
point to the baby you having a
contraction
nope I'm in a lot of pain
part of me that just wants to be like
reassured that either one he's handling
the contractions good into that I'm
really in labor
okay you're in there let's do this
hey guys it is super late at night we
just left the house and now we are
headed to the hospital
Missy started having contractions about
2 o'clock I would say while walking
around Disneyland and they've been
progressing quite a bit so while he's
moving like crazy in that we're headed
to the hospital just to make sure that
he can handle them ok and that she is
progressing just take it from there
yes it's trying to break out of there
baby come down
go down that's how you get out of there
I love you
all righty
sorry cold alright so they checked Missy
they've been monitoring the contractions
they're definitely very frequent and the
good news is is that you changed in the
duration you've been here
yeah I'm progressing um slowly so and
I'm only like maybe a 1 centimeter
I'm just gonna go to a hotel and try and
get rest you never know what the pain
and just hopefully guess far along as
they can before we come back
good morning guys it is early in the
morning we got a really great night of
rest and resting seem to have slowed
things down a little bit in the
contraction Department so did you have
contractions all night babe you film
yeah in contraction so they slowly just
kind of eased up a little bit my back
pain is definitely all gone like I don't
have it back pain that I was having last
night um it sucks because I like I had
to convince myself to sleep and to try
and bear through the pain and I was like
you're in labor you're gonna have a baby
in a couple of days at least like you
might be a wall labor but you're gonna
have a baby you just need to sleep so I
did and then I feel like everything's
eased up and I'm a little discouraged
and sad and mom babe don't be it's just
like it was really really bad I mean the
Midwife told you to go to a hotel in
labor so it's gonna be really soon still
we just yeah I just I just hope that it
does like still like maybe I'm just
getting a break and that's fine like I I
did need a break like it was getting to
the point where like I don't know if I
can do this much longer like a break is
nice it's like bittersweet though it's
like at the same time I just wanted I
wanted to go to sleep and wake up in
like screaming pain so that I can go to
the hospital have a baby
yeah we're in San Diego so we're just
gonna like hang out and walk and maybe
get things started again
I bet things will start back up again
I'm sure your body did a ton to your
cervix last time babe yeah I think it
will start to I already feel it starting
up
just so I run it because you always yell
at me nope we're not to do stairs
alright we were in target on the round
I'm kind of ashamed myself for even
pointing it out that you look like such
a dork you know I have to get it no you
do not
yeah we're just walking around I've been
feeling pretty crappy and just like
lowered pressure but not a lot yeah I am
starving now I haven't eaten a good meal
because I was just in so much pain
yesterday that I couldn't eat so I need
to probably grab some lunch look who it
is it's ollie
hey buddy what are you doing don't work
we're talking he doesn't want to talk to
us
chasing him it's just something happened
cassie is watching oli and he actually
crawled out of his bed today opened his
door and went to her room it was like
okay we are eating a summer lunch at the
corner bakery
he's been a little crampy still having
contractions but not a whole lot of pain
or action going on
so where's gonna keep going for it see
if we can get them to start again all
right yeah the hotel for another night
yeah cuz I would tell for another night
so use it and if we can get this look I
out whoo all right we are now walking
through IKEA doing a couple laps again
just to walk and see what we can do this
is the children's part of Ikea thank
yous and also if you look closely over
here there's Finley's chair that's the
chair he has in his room that's cute
how are you feeling anything oh yeah
okay she is eating a ton of pineapple
i'ma say that this craving some
pineapple like oh yeah it also fits in
Larry supposedly it puts you in labor do
so
she's eating pineapple and we actually
have a plan our photographer Krystal
texted us and said call this woman the
same exact thing happened to me when I
was on my third pregnancy our crystals
third pregnancy went to this woman and
put her in labor as she was leaving the
office to rely cool we're in San Diego
let's go do this and see what we're in
for thing is that because we know my
body is ready and like progressing
slowly this will help
whereas if like I wasn't ready it may
not do anything yeah it may it may not
anyways I'm just saying can you tell
we're just like anxious I just feel bad
because you like con she Libra for like
Oh bad 12 hours last night and then your
it kind of saw the whole time I was like
I mean you still been feeling things
like contractions and stuff all day but
like yeah it's just like I my biggest
fear yesterday was that it was gonna
up and it was going to like not be
anything but one thing I know is that it
did progressed me and that makes me
happy like yeah I wasn't doing it for
nothing so that's good and now she is a
knee-deep in pineapple juice yeah pretty
much
all right so Missy's all situated and
this is Deb hello Deb tell us what
you're going to be doing today so we're
going to do a little natural progression
of Labor today with Melissa and what
we're going to do is we're going to
stimulate some points that are typically
contraindicated during labor and we're
going to utilize those points to help
stimulate and progress her labor
naturally cool awesome yay and you said
you've had ladies start labor on the
table I have had that happen okay
it's almost every single day sometimes a
pregnant women and some people it works
immediately my best case scenario was
Krystal and she had her baby two hours
after she left my office you know some
people it's a few hours no villain on it
the next day so we're gonna try to get
this going for her yeah yeah thank you
all right we are back from our
acupuncture session that Missy had
electric acupuncture actually how did
that feel it was interesting the one on
my hand like it kind of felt numb when
my back was probably the most intense
when it just kind of kept yeah she said
that point is really really strong
strong one and like as soon as she put
the needle in like I could just feel
like this like sensation like I can't I
just like this vibe I was like I was
like a pulsing sensation yeah it's crazy
like radiated but it didn't hurt at all
it didn't hurt but it kind of like would
make me like ten seven like okay I'm
relaxed with ya cuz I think it's just
like in your head you like there's an
you don't side me and I can feel it I
think like it feels weird hey see what
happened she said sometimes it could
happen you know later that night or not
at all it really just depends honestly
so I think right now we're just playing
this very vicious waiting game my main
concern is hoping that because of this
little break thing that Finley's not in
stress I do want to make sure that he's
moving enough and stuff because he has
definitely slowed down since yesterday
he was moving like crazy in between
contractions which was very reassuring
and stuff I'm am slightly discouraged
but there is a part of me that knows
that it'll happen when it happens and
you know I can only do what I can do I
think we're gonna go ahead and end
today's vlog though if nothing's
happened we'll probably head home yeah
and that's okay we can head home
you can labor there and then we can come
back if you guys are not following me on
Twitter I'll have a link down below and
then in the description I've been trying
to keep people updated in real time as
much as possible about what's going on
so definitely go ahead and do that if
you guys haven't heard Finley's Lola by
that link it's also down below in the
description you can get it now on iTunes
I will say that I haven't had any
contractions they're just not painful at
this point not like yesterday
thank you guys for watching though if
you guys enjoyed today's video click the
thumbs up button subscribe things are
about to get interesting
in all the places we go now who knows
the troubles we'd overcome
very easily get down in
see gather round whoo
