ha okay thank you hot joke
Thank You Chuck okay thank you
good morning guys today is a good day I
am officially 37 weeks and I'm getting
ready to film up update which I don't
normally do bump dates on like the odd
number so I only do them like 32 34 36
but as I'm getting so close I thought I
should go ahead and film and then go
Ollie down for a nap although I put him
down a little earlier than I usually do
and I don't think he's having it he's
like hmm I'm not getting that mom let me
see if I can tell you there is they're
just hanging out in his bed I will say
he is still to this day not gotten out
of bed but maybe today would be the day
to change all that look at him he's just
being so silly honestly if he can just
stay in there for like 15 minutes while
I film this video then I'll be happy
today my bum date is also gonna be a
little bit different because I'm going
to film it in Finn's room so I actually
am going to be doing it on my little
yoga ball I had Brian set up the camera
for me before he left for his
appointment myself empty right here in
Finn's room which is kind of exciting
yeah I'm getting pretty close to the end
so I thought I should start trying to do
weekly bunk dates if I can just to kind
of keep people more updated and stun it
should be up right now on my channel
it'll be linked down below if it is make
sure you watch and check it out so you
can get all that updated information
he's like you know I'm thinking I can
just get off this bed oh he better not
he's getting pretty close to the end
hello Internet how is it going good day
to you I actually just got out of a
chiropractor appointment Missi went
yesterday and she's been going pretty
pretty regularly because her doula wants
her to because she's pregnant and it's a
lot of stress on your joints and your
bones and stuff and it's been making her
feel good and I've never been adjusted
I've never had anyone like crack my back
or do anything like that
but I have been having like pain and
sharpness in my neck like when I'm
looking left or right almost like I
can't really look as far as I should be
able to Missy made me an appointment we
did it and
a lot of places that needed to be
adjusted on my back and even in my
sternum area he adjusted I gotta say
like I'm always skeptical about things I
guess but I walked out and I'm like I'm
turning my head and I'm like oh wow
this actually feels nice it actually
does feel pretty nice yeah it's a
beautiful hot day here in sunny Southern
California let's get it poppin I got my
bum date done and he was very good
hearing it day in his bed even though
he's supposed to be taking a nap I guess
don't try for an early nap huh yep
there's a quarter we are at the mall
I've got little Ollie we got Mimi and
Auntie and we're actually really excited
because like we're not doing jobs you
gotta walk me and Cassie did the whole
JCPenney thing two months ago and they
are now sending us on a shopping spree
and so we're excited to go get some
clothes from JCPenney and we'll be doing
a haul video on my channel so you guys
can see what we got and everything
Cassie really wants to get some new
clothes right and I'm actually pretty
excited because I'm not going to get
maternity clothes I'm going to get
clothes that will fit me for after I
give birth hopefully this little guy can
make it through Bryan's at home getting
work done also happy that we're going
them all because walking is good for me
and I really want to get this baby to
drop down so maybe if I walk that will
help hold 25 cents
there goes say bye-bye
fi o.4 military
yeah
hogun bye he's like wait is like that is
a real magic trick we always forget the
stroller so we had to rent one of these
toys which I mean he likes it it's just
kind of about cuz he can't like relax or
maybe like take a nap or something since
he did it nap today we've got him in one
of these cars eating his lunch really
the big shopper I don't really enjoy it
I get more like Robin when you're 9 huh
so I just realized I can't really try on
these clothes that I'm going to be
wearing after I'm pregnant so in order
for me to figure out whether or not
they're nursing friendly this is what I
have to do does it work let me just see
yep that one works it's gotta be an easy
open okay I basically have been working
all day cuz Missy's out with her sister
and so I figured it'd be a good idea to
get some stuff done so I've actually
been paying like a ton of bills getting
stuff for the EP in order getting stuff
ready for future videos that we're gonna
do that I'm a little bit more prepared
invincibly wife oh no she is oh look
what I got
on the way home I got the Super Mario
maker
Missy beats all the levels in the games
right away so this one has a bunch of
new levels and you can create your own
levels and you can download other
people's levels so basically it's gonna
give her an unlimited play of Mario
which is good we had so much fun
shopping we got so many clothes that we
can't wait to show you you're headed
home I got my ice water from Star Trek
Ollie was so good it is so good and so I
had to get a little toy from the Disney
Store and he had to get a balloon
working asleep your shelf worn out from
shopping with mommy
mm-hmm Sona at the door I think it's the
garbage truck it's okay calm down I see
someone I see someone will you have what
a balloon that's so cool
I miss you hi look who's home
mrs. been out all day with her sister oh
he's very excited I think it was so good
like he's like sat and watched the shop
and was like really good like he never
made a peep so I was like let's get him
something so he went right into Disney
Store and like skipped and hopped and
said yeah yeah yeah want to doc
McStuffins so I got doc all these little
figures which I love getting a piece
because she actually really plays with
up who is that say Sven yeah and we got
Elsa and we got Olaf that's pretty cool
oh yeah and he's got all his little doc
McStuffins characters look at these are
cool because they have little puzzle
pieces on the bottom and they like
connect Ollie has definitely been loving
him some doc McStuffins lately home
buddy shall help you feel better right
Buzz and Woody oh it felt
yeah it did not take long at all for
Ollie's balloon to float all the way up
to the ceiling disadvantage of having
vaulted ceilings I guess you could say
almost you doesn't mean me to get but
I'm always speaking at it jump up and
get the balloon
reach for it you might be able to get it
so I was just over here admiring hashtag
and giving him a little bit of dinner
and I looked in his tank and look what
else I saw you guys that is a mr. Potato
Head arm hanging out with hashtag what
do you think about that hashtag all he
apparently thought he needed a hand
did you put mr. potato heads hand in the
fish tank you're the culprit I know you
are huh
he's munching on some pumpkin bread get
a little snack before dinner I'm playing
with Ollie in his room you know what
else it does right she sings let it go
let it go
yeah Oh oof is Oh making out with her
now I miss playing with this kid all day
he was gone all day all day you were
gone huh Joe okay thank you
hot Joe Thank You Chuck okay Thank You
Chuck
thank you all he's already used to my
constant sneezing he does thank you
place yeah I got Missy that Mario game
and it comes with a bunch of levels this
seems like someone's unfinished course
oh you got to finish building the course
that's cool that is so cool
Missy is a Mario girl at heart you guys
if you did not know like she loves Mario
so she's like I want to play who's like
telling me what it wants me to put yeah
it's like suggesting what you should do
that's cool and look at you can see
Missy's hand on the screen it's not
Missy's hands but that's funny that's
how they did well you press that he
jumps yeah cooking in Serie jokes yeah
your CD this button jumps that's what
Mommy basically does again yeah move
knows your little one yeah just like
that
see oh he walks now press this button to
jump good job oh oh oh oh the fireballs
oh now the fireballs like no mommy Oh
Jeannie look what do you think you think
they fit I think so yeah a little small
they're 6 to 12 months oh my gosh you'll
always be our little baby literally what
is that right there you're the size of a
baby right now Holly what's that Oh
fishy fishy those are two random ones
climb into bed buddy yeah yeah oh not my
phone
uh-oh you can just leave this on there
it's about oh say night mu tonight only
can have a kiss I love you
oh you tired karma are you tired karma
as you are your diary
time for night-night huh alright guys
that's all for today's vlog I hope you
enjoyed it if you did click that thumbs
up button karma thumbs up oh yeah hope
you guys enjoyed today's video leave a
friendly comment below and subscribe and
we'll see you manana Kaimuki say bye
easy by thermos kiss a vice
no it gets messy Saddam me okay you're
done okay
in all the places
the troubles we'd overcome
we can down in all
gather round who knew the life we would
have found
and easy
