put your hand right there there you go
Oh filter Oh
morning guys we are getting ready for
the day
ante is over because she is so awesome
those past couple mornings she's been
coming over and helping out with just
Ollie and helping me get ready and
motivated because not a lot of
motivation these days but Ollie is
getting ready look at him and she got
him dressed he looks so cute and Auntie
needs her makeup done so I'm gonna help
her with her makeup is she left it all
at home and then I think we're gonna go
have some fun with Ollie and take him to
the park and stuff and I'm wearing a
white shirt and I realize you can
totally see right through it to my
bellybutton
does it look weird I'm like two bumps do
like one here yeah so embarrassing good
morning guys I actually just got to the
photo shoot studio where we're going to
be doing some work for the EP and for
iTunes and stuff
I got shaggy hair this morning and I got
a car full of clothes so I'm gonna head
in there and do my best
alright you guys I am backstage at my
studio photo shoot this is outfit 1 to
some tan joggers and this really cool
print shirt I actually got this egg gap
and I think kind of fits the theme of
the shoe just because it's called like a
lion you know so it's kind of wild and
as techie and stuff so I'm Harold and
I'm hey I'll check out the studio with
huge check this out guys you you both
made me look cool what the heck oh I
love the lighting on that in the
background this is cool I'm very out of
my element I'm actually it's funny
because I'm in front of the camera all
day but this is very out of my element I
have to like try and look stylish and
cool and stuff so this studio does a lot
of commercial work also and look what
they shot you guys Jack's blazing bacon
chicken sandwich with ghost pepper ranch
sauce that's amazing oh look at even
Stella okay so that chicken sandwich is
it all fake
it's all real it's all real food how do
you photograph real food and have it
look so yummy though because does it
look like crap
oh really you have like something coming
in like painting the bottle and
everything that's crazy that's crazy dog
meets Watkins folk like you say mm-hmm I
know yeah that's true of course you
ain't the one to thing keep on talking
to me please keep on talking to me but I
just wanna see you move
I just wanna see moon
move
all right we are all ready I realize I
haven't actually evolved in Finn's room
yet but I'm something I didn't actually
show in the nursery tour is the shades
we got these shades just like we got
them in Ali's room because we're
obsessed with them but we totally get me
rigged it so that it would like go
inside here like totally not in there
exactly how it's supposed to be but it
works that's all that matters right
things that they bring a lot of light in
and they're really pretty always
climbing into fencing here is his crib
yes I just love being here it's amazing
although I am super bummed that we had
to put the rocking chair in front of
like this section it kind of makes it a
little squished over here but I have to
have a rocking chair and this was the
only place that it could really go we
tried so many ways to work this room and
that was really our only option and I've
just finished washing all his clothes
and hanging them up um it's a lot of
clothes right I know I tried to go
through all his clothes and get rid of
because all these are mostly all these
clothes and so I tried to go through
them and you know get rid of as much as
I didn't need and then of course we
added some clothes that are just fins
and stuff but this is like all my
newborn clothes oh the one oh and then
this is basically three to six months I
mean this is his whole outfit for six
months that's what is it bad it's a
little bad to be honest I didn't spend a
lot of money on clothes a lot of these
clothes were given to me said to me a
lot of viewers sent these to me when all
I was small are not even born yet so
this is just a lot of clothes and I've
actually donated quite a bit as well who
did you feel it hey down again can you
give him a hug men get to baby hug oh
man he's mobile they're both moving like
crazy
oh he's climbing up to my ribs you like
seeing like going lopsided Oh put your
hand right there there you go oh you
felt up
oh yeah is there a baby in there
oh no don't pinch we waited to the park
I've got my ice water I bring this with
me like everywhere although I'm kind of
I shouldn't fold up before we left
always just like um see you later I'm
going to play this is a place I'm just
going to play okay we'll meet up with
you
you
I all went down so fast he was so tired
yesterday I'd burnt myself so bad and
check it out it straight-up took like a
chunk out of my skin it is so gross
looking it actually doesn't even hurt
that bad I'm just trying to keep it
covered so that it doesn't get infected
or anything but it's crazy I don't know
how I like got it to burn that badly we
got this fun little frozen game and you
know it's one of those matching games
and he finally kind of understands how
to play it so easy yes auntie and um
he's gonna show us how you play so yeah
and the doggy show us how you play the
game thank you Lulu
in your milk yes there's Elsa can you
show me where the other Elsa's okay just
flip over oh but that one right there
right yay and then you have two honors
over here oh and at the mat a little
more practice more practice but it is
really cute to watch and try and match
them how about them lemons huh look at
all those lemons holy cow that's crazy I
am on my way home finally it has been
such a long shoot day you guys
I honestly very rarely like photos of
myself I think I have a really low image
of myself because every time I saw these
photos that they took today I was like
wow I look good like it looks like a
good photo I was like so relieved that
but yeah I have not seen Missy or Offaly
today it's just been a long day so I'm
headed home I'm almost there she's been
hanging out we're actually gonna go to
my mom's and got some dinner
so before dinner we were getting ice
cream you want chai
the whole day oh geez okay just take a
look I'm so scared that's my ice cream
so cute let me see you do it again we
see you lick lick you're so cute
oh my goodness they love it you got ice
cream all over you no don't touch it
with your hands okay no hands just face
you're so cute
that good no no don't do that no does
not me me look who's home it's your
daddy
oh yeah right here huh this guy's here
oh he's over here I got to Billy you get
that his ear I get your belly oh yeah
huh got your ear
did you miss daddy daddy yeah was he
gone all day yeah I don't know where he
went you're just not here
come here you talk of me huh yeah okay
know what's going on he's got a plan
though
what are you doing hope he's I gotta
turn the lights off my enough okay now
look maybe we should all just sleep out
here tonight
you wanna have a slumber party on the
couch show mama let me see the bullseye
I guess this is bullseye and all his
legs are missing there you go sweetie a
thumbs up
send up Seiko watch Missy's new video
belly cast video mom another video by
the way my belly counts video is up on
my channel right now so if you guys want
to see how the belly cast turned out and
compared to Ali's super super secure I
really enjoyed the video so perfect now
you'll be linked down below we're gonna
end the vlog okay
we go now to music
we'd overcome
down
to gather round who knew
we would have
the NBA
