side of the house that I don't have to
go to so I guess God bless you
oh sorry it's like the fourth time
morning guys I'm sitting in my very
messy guest room right now I just
finished doing my makeup I got all I
down I'm feeling a little emotional
today again which it sucks because I
really don't like talking about it very
much because I feel like people think
I'm like complaining it's hard because
even though I don't want to talk about
it I also feel like like I want to talk
about what I'm going through or I mean
obviously it's like the only thing I
think to talk about to I'm just like
what's on my right mind right now this
this is on my mind and so it gets
frustrating because I'm tired of talking
about how I'm feeling because it just
feels like I'm complaining don't want to
hear about how I am right now just skip
forward like a minute yeah I'm really
emotional today I I think the reason of
emotional is because I'm in a lot of
pain and so I I feel like I can't do it
any longer like I'm like I can't do this
one more day like it hurts too much and
I don't think I can do it but then
obviously I can like I can do I can do
this for tube three for five more weeks
if I had to you know if I have to so
I've been googling all morning because I
think what I need to do is really try
and help this baby drop because he's so
high in my ribs and I'm having
contractions I actually feel like my
ribs are like dislocating or popping out
they're really really painful to the
point that when he does move down even
slightly they're actually feel like
they're piercing me like I feel like
they're like stabbing me cuz like
they're moving back in the position and
so like when they're pushed out they
hurt and when they go back to the
position they hurt but I think I need to
get him to drop because if he drops then
maybe I'll have less pressure on my ribs
so I've been like reading I need to like
start walking we should sound surprising
do and I need to sit on my birthing ball
like I need to sit on that way more than
I actually do when all I want to do is
cut like curl up on the couch and like
cry I just need to actually work and try
and get him to drop down just a little
bit
I know is so big and definitely just
bulging out in my side I am having a lot
of contractions and I don't know if that
means that I could go into labor within
the next couple days or not but I should
probably have my hospital bag ready do
you think that I should get out of the
house walk around Target and try and
grab my hospital bag stuff okay guys um
how's it going it's been a fun morning
for me I had to go to the bank and I
running to the post office I got a
couple of errands I need to do but um I
accidentally back into someone's car and
I feel really stupid right now
I didn't do anything to his cook his car
hit his bumper basically all I did was
that like it scratched up my car just a
tiny bit like hardly at all but his his
car is completely fine but I'm like in
one situation where I'm like I don't
know what to do so I took a ton of
photos and I wrote a little note and
left it on his car for him it's one of
those weird things it's like I feel
stupid I even have a backup camera on
this car you guys I have a backup camera
and everything and still I ran into
something I feel really stupid
it's hardly it didn't it did nothing to
my car so I'm not like worried about
it's just funny because we just bought a
brand new car and Here I am crashing and
other cars oh okay seriously look at
this you guys it's just this little tiny
scratch well and right here - ugh
nothing like a good old founder better
to just make you feel like an idiot
because that's how I feel right now
there you go hey Ollie sees mama doing
this all the time he's like I got to do
it I just got done doing all his hair
and he grabs this brush and does this
with it no
we messed your hair up buddy add you
looking so good do you remember when you
were vlogging yesterday okay can you say
hi say hi to the people hey you want to
vlog a little bit you want to blog hold
the camera look at it and say hi hey
look if you hold it up like this you can
see your head you see oh it see you
speak Spanish now okay hold the camera
now talk say something
you see oli on the screen there he is oh
you're headed to target and Brian it was
able to get a bunch of things done
outside of the house that I don't have
to go to so I just bless you oh sorry
that's like the fourth time um so that
way I just say bless you was oh you so
cute oli all you should probably just
stop saying bless you yeah he's got like
five more in him um yeah holla done
today Missy including totaling our new
car I know I totaled it's basically
trashed now I am really trying not to
have a hard time about it but I I feel
like if it was me I would be getting a
really good hard time about it it's not
true you crashed our other car but
everyone smell you had to tease me about
it so I think the same is gonna have to
go with you everyone smile we have to
tease you about it don't tickle me
doctor call me ha hey oli look what's
over here look what's over here Olli Hey
what's that that's a doggy oh that is a
cool doggy huh what do doggy say oh he
is actually writing the doggy now okay
oli can you say rougher
do you like that doggy Carm at home
doesn't let you climb all over him dezzy
all right so mama had to go potty so we
decided to come to the costume section
all are you excited for Halloween cab
yeah it's a car what do you want to be
for Halloween Wow
you want to be a french fry he wants to
be a french fry how about Elsa you want
to be Elsa he was telling me earlier he
was like Elsa who's funny that Elsa
costume look what I found you guys it's
an infant shark costume it's got a
little thin fin I actually found his
zero to six month one and I just think
it'd be super cute even if this wasn't
fins costume kind of totally fit to the
same and would be really cute what you
want you want the toddler unicorn you
can totally be a unicorn but I think
this is a little big for you what about
a dinosaur do you see the dinosaur one
what do dinosaurs do rawr oh that's
right oh like this little Yoda - look
what I found
it's a zero to six month shark you don't
think so it does look really big
actually isn't it so cute even got a
little fin look at the fin hey Ali be
honest uh is there something on my head
Oh shark yeah it's a shark car look at
this hat looks like a shark is trying to
eat me my head's really big so it would
probably kill the shark we're walking
around talking about who Cassie aunty
should be for Halloween and guess who I
ran into
and then we're literally talking about
her then she's like I know
and then we're standing in the checkout
aisle and gets to us walks in it just
shows how like we're all like so close
together because we just run into each
other even when were out and about did
you just did you see Mimi and Papa did
they come to GU ah guys being a wrestle
dumped oh I saw a guy I was looking
through it it was like a police car he's
like on the sidewalk and I'm up against
the wall
yikes oh the whole family's at Target
alright guys we just got back from
Target and hey I think Carmen's getting
a little nervous because I was just
telling Ollie that we got karma a fun
little outfit and we are going to turn
him into a different animal like it's
super excited pictures Parma into a
sharp are united you're saying
I mean Carmen
the better choice for car what is karma
what is he a shark yeah
daddy I'll get you your little shark
what do you think
Olli what do you think of that nothing
all right now we're gonna turn you into
a doggie let's go turn you into a doggie
we're gonna make you a doggie
you gotta make your dummy return cargo
shark okay you guys right here oh look
at you look at you in the mirror like
you know like hats on our heads
only can you tell Dad I made your bath
tonight look at all the bubbles the
other said bubble or poopoo not exactly
sure we got a fishy
say boat yep there's so many bubbles in
Irma's II this is happening you guys
Missy helped me put these face poor
striptease where I have like lots of
blackheads and then I'm gonna pull them
up and it's gonna be all gross and I'll
show you guys it's really disgusting
but yeah I'm getting everything ready
for my big shoot tomorrow I got my shoes
picked out
I got shirts I have nice colored shirts
I have regular shirts I v-necks
I have long sleeves and then I have
about four pairs
pants probably bringing way more clothes
than I need but I definitely just want
to be prepared for anything that we do
we're going to be starting at a studio
and then going to a location too so
we're going to be taking lots of photos
for quite a while these are like really
hard and it's hard to move my face so
I'm gonna take them off now
oh very bad bad can you see see hang on
nothing on that one Oh anything ooh yeah
quite a bit on that thing and let me
focus a little bit on this side a bit
not as bad as it usually is though yeah
been washing my face pretty regular good
oh we got the kid to bed and Missy and I
are now in bed oh look at you and your
Minnie Mouse pajamas didn't have you or
give you that actually that is so funny
yeah as I say and it's really long and
it goes over my thumb 12-member you
pulled it out of the bags at one of the
meet and greets so one of you guys gave
Missy her pajamas she wears these all
the time now anyway we're gonna go ahead
and call it a night I'm gonna edit I'm
gonna watch some gh Desperate Housewives
yeah but hope you guys good taste volume
do you click that thumbs up button and
leave it happy finally comment below
what see them again
commented the found a new friend
Oh
Gabriel
