and Papas uh saving us some money just
shaking the ride well would you look
who's up
hey buddy good morning alright I'm gonna
come in and get you right now okay stay
on your bed stay on there I'm gonna be
right in good morning guys I'm getting
Holley up right now he's very excited
hmm what whoa look at that boy whoo
you zipping out of your bed superfast
huh mama
okay you go say hi to mama hey can I
have a quick hug hug oh I love you kiss
ah let's go see mama go get mama give
her a big hug that's for Mimi that's a
present look at you all decked out for
fall looking good babe yeah yeah what is
it like 70 something do a little turn
for me we are very excited that it's
nice and cool out check out what I'm
wearing
along the joggers yep oh yeah
we're gonna get you all dressed up for
fall - okay okay
I just got done making cake for my mom's
birthday tonight and I actually did half
vanilla and half chocolate
we really don't eat that much cake and
so I wanted to make sure like we made
cake for everyone but I didn't need to
make two cakes we're gonna have a fun
day today with Mimi and Papa again
because it's her birthday weekend and
that's what to do all right we're gonna
get you dressed okay
give us a big hug and give her a kiss
and now set her down so I can get you
dressed
thank you first we are gonna put him in
this shirt it says I'll eat you and then
I found these jeans in his drawer
they're by ash Kosh they're grey they
might be a little long we may have to
roll them up right leg first left leg
pull yeah mmm these jeans have this cool
little elastic strap in them so that we
can pull it super tight because normally
all Tootsie pants are super super big on
him oh yeah look at you all dressed for
fall can you spin can you spin for dad -
spin for daddy let's show your office
all right all here we gotta go there's
only one way off this thing can you go
down the slide you got your racks you're
all dress got your hair combed there you
go
let's go come on hi guys we're at
Mulligan's which is somewhere that I use
all the time
we are doing like
that's right that's right whatever
whatever always smiled that is fun for
everyone
my dad always took me to Mulligan's we
could play the arcades and now I really
want Ollie to play
we're now playing spider stomping oh
Willy yeah it's funny
Oh
harder
get so close
look at this you guys they have a
Jurassic Park ride how cool is that
those are friendly dinosaurs Ollie
they're friendly
you shoot him with your love Foley
we having contractions and how do they
feel they're feeling back pain all I
know is I'm pretty uncomfortable but
that's okay yeah so she's been feeling
some stuff this morning but we're not
quite sure what it is we had tickets to
ride the go-carts but it's a little
rainy out and they shut the whole thing
down because the roads become really
slick
and Papas uh saving us some money just
shaking the ride are you ringing the
horn he's doing beep beep beep boom boom
boom boom boom hey ollie
can you get that dust ball thank you
you're the best
in case you're wondering it's very fun
playing miniature golf with a toddler
yeah get it buddy get it careful
yeah it's going it's going just stumbled
upon this house and it's actually
perfect size for Olli go knock on the
door look at you got a little rocking
chair Olly sit in the rocking chair
is anybody home hey hello we had so much
fun at Mulligan's we just played
miniature golf but I don't know if that
really comment is playing with all the
balls all I just picked him up and doing
ah yeah and then I put him in his car
seat and he was holding one yeah he
brought it to life try to take off
I am very crampy and I am having
contractions and gear the contractions
it's the cramping is like more painful
or more like stronger and will say
painful um but I'm not really feeling
relief between contractions I'm just
like an all over cram penis I don't
really know what to think we're going to
dinner though so I'm just gonna try and
you know just do what I usually do and
then if something starts to seem more
rhythmic or stronger or something
interesting starts to actually happen
then I'll pay more attention but I'm
just going to try not to think about it
pretty amazing if he was born my mom
starting today cuz most likely he'd be
born tomorrow hmm
and maybe your mom's birthday and like
honestly it is kind of crazy but we have
double birthdays with like everyone in
my family like Tara and Taryn Oliver me
and my cousin Casey my cousin CJ and my
dad sir share one it would be kind of
like one of those words coincident
poetic no if she was born on my mom's
birthday but I guess we will just have
to see you happy birthday too
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Mimi happy birthday to you
what's Papa doing yeah he's putting
something on the cake don't mess this up
papa kind of a work than that he's just
getting closer and closer to that cake I
see oh we're home with the family we've
got everyone here and apparently Bryan
is gonna bounce on my ball I have a food
baby ha ha ha we're actually getting
ready to cut into some cake and hang out
we're actually gonna end the vlog right
now at this point I don't know what's
happening I'm having contractions but
they could all just go away it might
just be all pretend and that's just how
I am I just always think that it's all
pretend it's never gonna happen
definitely make sure you're following us
on Twitter to get our updates and we'll
let you guys know if anything actually
interesting happens but for now we're
gonna end the vlog give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and we'll
see you guys tomorrow make sure you wish
me me a happy birthday cuz it's her
birthday and maybe pins but I don't know
what out over all right we'll talk you
later I see it tomorrow bye
all the places we go now who knows
we'd overcome
very easily tear down
see gather round who knew
