ah that was my wife burping anyway good
morning guys it's so early and look
already up it's wet WTF you see that
Missy I think this is a good shirt
oh you saw yeah I'm disgusting let's
just throw it out there I'm sitting on
the guest bed this is a guest room no I
do not sleep in this room yes Missy and
I sleep together in the same bed how do
you think that happen
what oh hey that would be made every
single day I know it always looks nice
she's actually really mad at me cuz I'm
like kicking around pillows and stuff
hey buddy did you come to hang out with
dad oh you were watching Woody and Buzz
and now you're gonna hang out with that
dad we've been letting him be a little
bit more independent up here on the
second floor because we close the gate
at the top of the stairs
we have his door open bathroom door
closed and our door open but our
bathroom door closed we have a movie on
in there and you can watch and play what
I saw once I was still married he always
stills anything she's drinking oh so
your child he takes me food I actually I
saw him sometimes if I'm like feeling
really stingy everyone everyone smile in
the morning I want I go and eat my
breakfast somewhere else he makes my
breakfast equal eat it he's so funny
like I'm eating over here yeah we're all
getting ready for the day I'm ready for
the day Missy's finishing up I just got
off a really cool business phone call I
like I like to start projects and get
things going and honestly we're about to
have a kid but I don't I don't know I
just like to stay busy no matter what's
going on we're starting our day off
productive I had a cup of coffee so I
have a lot of energy I mean it usually
not like this actually yeah
what energen I had a cup of coffee I had
my business meeting because I'm really
excited and I'm just like I don't know
I'm pumped it's fun I need some cup of
coffee I know babe look at him skilling
rice baby berry baby bird you like a
little baby bird you bloody hell are you
want to fly like bus to three that's
fine you want up get so impatient he's
like let me up to three second alright
so we have a bunch of people over right
now it's actually kind of a guy's time
downstairs I'm like what is this I'm the
one that's pregnant but um all I just
woke up from his nap he's got two people
sleeping
so that's Ben's room right there and
hating sleeping in his crib right now
and then I have my guest room Olivia's
sleeping in that one and although you
just woke up from his nap so I'm gonna
get him
ah how are you
Cece is that your car you had to sleep
at your car tonight and and your Banky
did you sleep good
oh yeah Woody's down there did you
forget to get him
did you see so good what echo mama you
see Oh Liv are you supposed to be awake
I think you're supposed to be asleep Liv
oh I'll go check with your daddy go get
in bed I'll ask him if it's time for you
to get up kay
I like wait a second
you love the doggies do you know what
that doggies name is the light-colored
one yeah his name is boo that one is
Ollie what Ollie what's that one named
his name's doggie very simple look who's
here we got living ollie
they are playing Payton is actually
taking a nap right now and we're hanging
out with the cousins isn't that a big
ball so cool huh
whoa I'm riding on my hoverboard
following the it's the best way to chase
kids around the house it's not a
hoverboard you guys we've actually been
getting a lot of stuff done caught up we
have videos for Missy's channel that we
filmed and so I edited one Missy's
editing one right now
it's like a whole party over here we got
Andrew Sly Fox threads and Jeffrey came
by for some editing tips because he
started his YouTube channel I was
helping him out on Final Cut Pro dude
you're gonna be a pro blogger in no time
looks like a lot of work pretty soon
you're gonna be riding on one of these
around your house just talking about
nothing alright so you guys have seen
Andrew and a couple of vlogs his wife
Hannah actually run Sly Fox thread and
it's a cool little clothing company that
we've gotten a lot of stuff for Ollie
from because I make really cool designs
and if you guys haven't seen him go
check out their website I'll have it
linked below but we were talking about
possibly doing some custom swag daily
bumps style I mean awesome so like you
could like use your style and design I
could design like the colors of like if
you want to do like color blog we can do
like cool things maybe that we say in
the blog like
how would you guys feel if we did a
shirt that said OMG knee on it or holy
guacamole
what are some things that you guys would
like to see on March because we can be
we can have them super customized with
slyfox threads and be cool to work with
you guys because you guys put together
some cool stuff we love you guys soon oh
thanks man
so let us know in the comments what you
guys think if we did some custom
collections for slyfox what should our
stuff say or have on it might be
interesting
Holly is sitting on the toilet right now
and poop on the potty
Holly is on the potty I know he has to
poop so I'm playing a youtube video for
him he comes up to us and he says booboo
body and I know he wants to poo on the
potty
but then he kind of gets scared and he
doesn't want to sit down so I know he
has to poop really bad I believe in you
buddy you can do it ok can you go poo
poo
me and Brian are gonna go upstairs and
we're filming Finley's nursery tour
which I'm really excited and we have the
guys over this is Andrew if you guys
don't know him I think Brite has already
introduced him and Geoffrey and they all
are gonna swim and they're gonna take
Olly which means it's three on two
meaning three kids on two guys we're
gonna handle it we're gonna kill it
oh yeah best time ever hey either could
be so much like a wonderful event or it
could be a total disaster and they're
actually gonna vlog it so if you want to
watch how it goes with three kids and
two guys you'll have to check out
Jeffrey's Channel all you're not getting
in the hot tub yet you're gonna swim in
the pool sundae's yeah they're gonna
swim and we are gonna do our nurse which
were really quick and then maybe we'll
jump in the pool with them guys guess
what we just did we filmed Finley's
nursery tour and hopefully it's gonna be
up on me see channel soon so go
subscribe subscribe to my channel like
it should be up tomorrow or the next day
like yeah we're gonna try and get up
soon because there's really I was like
so out of Missy was so out of breath the
entire time and then you know it's kind
of funny it is really bad but um it's
really cute I like that it is really
done it's done it's not like organized
clothes and do my hand and once the
reveal is up we can actually start
vlogging yeah cuz we actually hang out
there quite a bit during the day yeah
I'm always like I wish I could blog in
here no cuz we like to sit in there and
like let Olly play and like we just like
to sit on the rocking chair so so yeah
Olly has been outside though in the pool
with Andrew and Jeffrey so I'm going to
see how he's doing what Elsa are you
behaving is he behaving guys amazing is
he jumping from there into the pool we
did it
look at him counting down good job buddy
alright me and Brian are ready getting
ready to head out on a date and all hey
and Cassie are getting ready for a bed
and I guess he is asking for a piggyback
ride
Oh
apparently she's trying to get a picture
that's funny I bet you guys can go see
this on her Instagram right now alright
guys we just got out of dinner and now
we are headed to the movies I feel like
we haven't been to the movies in forever
every step oh my gosh careful myself I'm
really excited to go the movie but I'm
also not sure if I'll be able to make it
she may fall asleep I might discover she
she might be like peace or she might be
in labor yes she did bring a pillow
ladies and gentlemen my wife we're
headed into the score Charles I
literally just got done watching Scorch
Trials Jeffrey I literally just got done
watching the first Maze Runner and it
was really cool I don't know why I never
watched it before but yes freed up so
we're headed in now ah
are you kidding over
someone's like that it's not dude I was
like what
