you guys were going crazy do you hear
that sound hi Cassie hey later good
morning guys I just dropped my sister
off and I am off to a hair appointment
and a chiropractor appointment so I have
quite a few things I have to get done
outside the house which means I needed a
car my sister brought the car over so
that I could use it kind of bombed
because I have so many things to do on
the house and my my body's is kind of
aching today I woke up kind of in tears
I was just like in a lot of pain my ribs
are feeling like they're bruised and
popping out and my arm hurts really bad
which made sleeping really hard I could
not lay on this side of my arm
I'm excited get my hair done one last
hurrah before I end up having a baby say
hi how are you that's buzz huh
I got buzzes hey guys how's it going
today Ollie and I are hanging out
together well Missy does a couple of
errands who is that
this is ollie yes look at this old
picture of all of you guys he's so cute
that's you buddy do you believe that
that's you that's not a button no but
that's you as a baby
that's baby ollie yeah I'm kind of
getting used to the idea that it's gonna
be me and Ollie hanging out together a
lot because I know after we have Finn
Missy's gonna be breastfeeding and she's
gonna have the priority with Finley and
it kind of just happens naturally kind
of getting used to it I love him we're
buddies buddies till the end I'm buddy
and right guy hey you want to go get
some lunch
you want food hmm okay let's go get food
oh this way buddy this way oh you're
okay come on
get up dust yourself off that's my boy
come on he's like gonna skip hop and
jump all the way they're having lunch
with my boy is it good Ollie it's good
he's been loving grilled cheese
sandwiches lately and he's being so good
we haven't been using any iPad any phone
anything he's just been entertaining
himself actually really politely while I
actually get work done on my phone
because I have calls and emails that
I've been needing to do today it's being
such a good boy you've been amazing you
got buzz right get buzz a bite that's
right Buzz needs a bite thank you
I won't go to lunch with my boy so
well-behaved and good is he eating fries
too
okay Holly and I are now in target we
have one more thing we need to pick up
for Findley's nursery but I figured
while we're here we should probably pick
up something special for Ali's
girlfriend if you didn't know she's
turning 1 very soon can you believe it
no so I got her a little outfit and
we're gonna find a little fun toy that
she can play with by the way if you guys
don't know who I'm what
what do you point that's not woody Oh
water yeah it looks like a water gun
that's why he's saying water if you guys
don't know who I'm talking about I'm
talking about this makes a gains from
Colin and Katie you guys are not
subscribed to their Channel go subscribe
I can't wait to watch the birthday vlog
of Miss Gaines she's 31 years old
crazy huh okay we got to pick something
we got to pick something for your
girlfriend okay what do you want to get
her you want to get her a doll that
might be a little too old for her he's
like no I want the doll I'm gonna play
with this doll oh that is a doggy yeah
uh-huh and those are her shoes yes all
right so I found this really cool Peppa
Pig doll that you can hug and she'll
link can you hug her isn't that cute
and then I also found a little outfit so
we have like tights and then like a big
sweater because it's fall time so she'll
look appropriate he didn't Gaines like
that for her birthday
it's got out of Target and it was
productive and successful it will say
after I paid I forgot to get money out
because I needed some cash so I used an
ATM and it completely gypped me it
didn't give me any of the cash that I
that I needed and it actually charged me
I got the notification on my phone that
it like charged crap so I got a call my
bank and figure that out
Ollie has been so good this entire time
that we've been out got minions is that
good yummy it actually sounds really
good Ollie can I have one of them you
share with that dad um good job
my little shower
what a good boy you guys he was so good
the entire time I was out and he fell
asleep on the way it's dead it's a
little puss naptime but he went right to
sleep that's so cool
ah that is better I got my hair done
which is nice because literally simply I
just do not want to do it I don't even
care that much about the color which I
love the color it looks great but it's
like I just want you to like blow dry
and straighten my hair but I don't have
to do that hopefully this film might
bump day today and my hair will look
good I didn't have to do it so all of it
is a plus plus plus and a rush to my
chiropractor appointment so I make it in
time
is there something under there you guys
were going crazy do you hear that sound
it's gone that was the weirdest thing
ever there is this thing playing music
in there we go doo doo dee doo dee dee
hello
doo doo doo doo doo dee beep beep beep
beep yeah we're like oh that's got to be
coming from outside like it's ice-cream
man but no there's no ice cream in
outside why would he say hello I know I
feel like it was a toy that maybe
Jackson was playing with okay kind of
hurt he hurt you really mm-hmm
how did it hurt he was messing with my
round ligament I mob and he takes it any
presses and when he note when he sees my
face hurt he presses harder oh and then
he like he like he's like okay that's
where it's really tender I'm like yeah
it doesn't even hurt when I'm not on the
chiropractor he's just hurting me he's
like he has to like hold my leg he like
Wiggles my leg I'm like what are you
doing aren't so bad the sound has
returned it sounds like it's outside
bump it with that yeah I know that's
obnoxious do you think it's in here it's
not in the closet hi guys we are
actually now at Chuck E Cheese for
Olivia the first day um you know Olivia
Jeffrey's daughter she's a five years
old and always having the time of his
life we afraid of all the whoopie pie
our way why did I get come on like she
thinks everything is so cool but you get
on it and they like
just as much fun yeah oh yeah heshes aw
come on yeah is that a move this is
where he got trapped yes that's right
Chuckie Cheese up there if you get
scrapped I'm not going up there in time
Chapter II Oh seriously my favorite game
in Chuckie Cheese it takes one - yes I
was upset I was like the best at it
my gosh
good thing is it multi-touch yeah that's
good Oh
that's nice can't get the apples so
watermelon are the best we are now
eating pizza our pizza was actually
sitting over on different table okay
he just had to interject therefore say
our pizza is actually sitting on a
different table and someone's like this
isn't our food
sounds like where's our food and then we
found it so now we're eating and we're
quite happy are you happy to eat pizza
oh you kind of spit on me a little there
what was that
bit day
he loves this pizza but yeah we're at
Chuck E Cheese with Jeffrey Olivia is
running around here somewhere she's five
hey what did they just do oh all the
carrots at least it wasn't in the fish
bowl like yesterday right hi Christy
say hi to everyone she watches our vlog
and she's like it's boring I wasn't in
it so there you go you're not you guys
didn't know Jeffery just started a new
family blogging channel and dude you're
actually really good at it I was really
surprised
Thanks so go check him out I'll have a
link on the screen and down below in the
description checking him out what why
were you so surprised I don't know I
guess it runs in the family
good walking runs in the camp what buddy
the doggy yes there's a creepy doggy on
stage then pretty play he blinks and
looks around yeah is it weird I think
it's kind of creepy take a bite of pizza
yeah yeah you're doing it wrong only
okay that's fine I have the girls and
then he wipes it all over a shirt Holly
loves this game you guys yeah oh yeah
throw it where you grabbed it
I know right Holly throw it no that's Oh
wrong one wrong one is scoot over this
way two three
oh he's trying some strategy oh it's his
smack him in the face
dragon Ollie dragon Oh Oh double time
Oh a double time okay okay push it in
good job what's so funny he knows how to
do it look at all these tickets it's
rolling in you guys know you can get at
least five tootsie rolls with that happy
birthday Liv thank you okay I'll give
you a bite just left chuck-e-cheese and
we had so much fun at lives birthday
party and I'm so excited that Jeffry and
Natalya and the family has started
vlogging like I'm I'm like really
excited for them and I feel like they're
doing a great job so there's a really
interesting they have like a really
interesting family I think they do and
their show the world and they're
adorable like they're just like an
adorable family so if you guys like us
definitely go subscribe to them we'll
have them linked down below so we just
loved how you tease I was just telling
Bryan I was like do you think it's crazy
that that is the same chuck-e-cheese
that I had my fourth birthday party I
might have been my fist but fourth or
fifth birthday party a birthday party
just like Olivia yeah just like Olivia
and I had all my friends they're like
all he's like writing the same writing
yes yes and like one of my friends her
name is Emily I even know which table
she was hiding under because when Chuck
E Cheese came out that place has been
there for so long and you can tell it's
approved 1538 not like all these like
getting your old bacteria all over and
when seriously
he has like my germs from when I was
four on him right now
it's so greasy an event has been the
vlog because enjoy
give the video a thumbs up if you did
tomorrow
oh my god yeah and then go side to side
these are what she told us in the class
side inside
Gracie bringing around that
