hey guys real quick before today's vlog
starts I have some really exciting news
Finley's lullaby is now available you
can get it on iTunes the Google Play
Store and the Amazon store I'll have all
those links down below in the
description please go check it out and
get it I am so extremely proud of this
song and everything it stands for and
represents and I'm just excited to share
it with my son so please go check out
the lullaby links down below in the
description I worked really hard on it
and I hope you guys enjoy it now on to
today's vlog something so weird good
morning guys
here up and Adam yes we've been cleaning
and yeah and I've been really trying to
make sure to not over pack the not under
pack I think we did a really really good
job
really yeah I've been like being about
this for days I don't know if you guys
have seen it but I had like piles yeah
I've been adding and taking away things
so I'm getting everything ready for this
little guy how's your belly look it was
really actually like look at it I mean
it looks good turn to the other side
yeah went to bed a little blotchy it's
actually been really really nice and
really easy I want to show you like a
few things that I'm putting in my
hospital bag okay all my makeup fit
right into this little tiny bag in this
awesome
she normally takes a huge bag that
doesn't even fit any no are our bags
that we check like honestly this might
be perfect wouldn't even with me like
traveled on a hospital but yeah that's
what I want you to do I want to do
everything from when we travel to tell
yo my face watch and everything that I
need including brushes and if you
doing this for like all my like hair
things to keep like hair out of my face
and stuff like that I've got a little
jar coconut oil which is like literally
essential especially for a nursing mom
then just like all of our little
toiletries I got three fluffy socks
I've got nursing bras and a couple of
really comfy sweats underwear don't look
that's my hurry and then like nursing
tanks and a couple of my comfy shirts
and then a rope a heating pad for like
labor favor and stuff I got and this is
my favorite item of all I have a picture
of me holding Olli and this is sort of
like me to remember like what I'm really
focusing on which is a baby in the end
in my arms I love this picture it like
brings back all those feelings right
after I had him just seconds after I
like saw him and I can't see his face so
it's almost like I'm holding Olli I know
I'm holding Ollie I know those feelings
but it's almost like that could be like
Finn do you know named you yeah we'll
bring that too and then I also have
underwear you guys can look at my
underwear thankfully shirts sweat sweats
and shorts and then hair stuff look at
this little BB hair cream it's so little
like a little baby unicorn he's got a
nice jacket oh yeah and then what do we
have for the baby okay so for the baby
we do have um Brian's
burrito swaddled yes and a regular
swaddle although we'll have tons of
swaddles well there I am bringing
diapers and wipes because my hospital
isn't really provide them and I kind of
want to use my own anyways and I just
had like a couple of outfits I really
did dress Ollie a ton while in the
hospital we swaddled him mostly like
naked so I just have like a couple and
his going home off it is in here but I'm
not going to show it series can be
surprised when he comes home yes this is
happening though we're bagging our
hospital bag it's not I feel like
perfectly yeah and like it's not it's a
little late we're supposed to probably
do this like 35 weeks yeah that's like
you're right you're simple now all we
have to do is put all that in the bag
and put that bag in the car
ready to go we'll see if that part
happens are actual the kid we do have is
yelling at us wake up quility did you
see good in your nap did you hear
someone knocking right here if anything
is aunty is actually mama what's up
buddy you ready for the day you want to
go see Mimi okay well good bye
hey oli it's time to come out do you
want to get dressed for the day no we
gotta put your clothes on I got you a
cute little outfit to wear he's like
really under there you guys fit under
there I really didn't think you would
when I got this uh you guys I think I
nested in my closet on accident I just
threw away a big pile of clothes well
I'm gonna donate those I'm gonna put my
summer clothes away cuz even though it's
hot I don't fit in any of those clothes
I got rid of those so long ago got all
my fault codes I'm gonna start getting
those out and then I have the JCPenney
cause I need to hang yeah I'm just
trying to organize it I turn on the line
here but the lights out Brian sorry that
is his job
and you've been so good today watching
mommy clean so we've been having this
conversation all day with Ollie he goes
like this he was mom and I say no no
it's mama and he goes oh mama every like
all day long and I know that my son
ceilings I did not want to be mom yeah I
want to be Mama or mommy I do not want
to be mom's been calling me Dad - and he
didn't you do the same thing like no dad
dad and he goes Oh dad daddy to be dad
every single time because Oh dad ha
what's my name
mama yeah and what's daddy's name the
duck iron is playing ps4 Brian what are
you playing Tony Hawk video my gosh I
used to play this so much when I was
like 2 15 years old they just released
the new ps4 version and it's so much fun
like I played the tutorial and it
basically just like all came back to me
I was like oh my god yeah it was
something that me and my brother played
a lot too and my sister did as well
definitely I think something like it
brings back like childhood memories look
what I found in my closet as well this
is always last year Halloween costume
his munchkin constant and I gotta say I
worked so hard on this costume and I'm
still so proud of it it's definitely
gonna stay in his always memorabilia
type of stuff so I can't get over every
time I see it where are you what are you
doing you are knocking down all daddy's
clothes come on out you okay okay okay
let's go hug okay been getting a ton of
work done in the garage
cleaning up getting trash out you got
wood Ian you got butters this you do
today we decided to get Ollie a vitamin
I'm just make sure he's getting all of
the things he needs this is a toddler
one and it's a Flintstone gummies so
we're gonna see how he likes stuff it's
gonna call candy yeah yeah it's candy
hey go one you get two for the other one
there you go
yummy
my child does 100% me you don't like
Flintstone gummies come on it's candy
he's like no you are lying to me these
are not thanks he's like I'll show you
where the candy is is it gross no Micah
me vitamin is gross that one is not
gross here we go
ultimate manipulation going on a good
idea after a few tears you finally
agreed to eat the minion candies but you
don't tell them he got his two vitamins
good job hit yummy boo
nom nom King a minion I want that one
and I'm Bobby can you share yeah good
job little win just say thank you no
thank you hey we are at the park now
letting Ally run off some energy and he
has no problem running away from his mom
and dad to go play on the playground
it's interesting cuz you can tell the
difference between when they what they
added so we have old Park no one on it
new park bull the kids apparently Ollie
climbed that ladder because he is now up
there did you just climb that by
yourself
hi ollie hey all you want to go down the
slide and I'll catch you
oh I got you I got you
let go I saved them just in time he put
just Hawley you gotta be careful buddy
what do you think about that a
jungle-gym tariff for a second heart
literally dropped tons watching and I
was like ooh and they'll try again like
again but I was like so scary they are
so cute
we're just playing
like a cow ha what do you think of this
weird head on the wall whoa do you want
a penance congra hi honey gentle be
gentle
oh hey gentle Pam like it's not real bad
jeez karma get down
you were just excited to see our song so
today I've been using a different kind
of SmartWatch this is the Moto 360
normally I use my Apple watch and you
guys know that I love it but I really
want to try this one out no it's got
like this circular face I thought that
the gold color looks good with like a
brown band like this and it's actually
the first Android wear watch that's
compatible with the iPhone it's really
limited though I just noticed right away
when after I got it and put it on gently
feel a whole lot cheaper than the iPhone
and what it can do is sort of limited I
thought it'd be cool to maybe have like
a circular gold one and then the Apple
watch it's been pretty cool it she lets
me on them all my notifications that go
to my phone but I can't really do
anything with them which isn't a huge
deal but yeah I definitely prefer the
Apple watch but I do like the look of
this one but anyway I think Missy's
putting Ali's event so let's go say
goodnight but
okay it does look pretty nice though I
wonder what happens we pushed it hmm
looking you should give the button one
little push ah no yellow
push it again hmm eek
now I'm yellow and polka dots good night
buddy you all ready for nein nein
can you daddy hmm I can give mama kisses
and give you are we embarrassing you you
wanna you want to see the camera okay
say hi I'm tonight dad huh
daddy no okay night-night
oh yeah tape thumbs up the fog
yep just like that and say see you
tomorrow mum
in all the places we go now
the troubles we'd overcome
we sat down and all the crowd
