Holly what are you doing and playing
morning guys we are just getting ready
Friday I am folding so much laundry
right now look at this I think this is
about three loads that I just folded and
this is another load I have another load
in the dryer apparently I'm really good
at like washing clothes I'm just not
good at folding them mostly because yes
he wants to show Captain America look at
that mostly because I don't like to be
sitting up because it kind of like hurts
my back and my belly so I never want to
fold but I was like I need to get this
done this is just overtaking my life so
I'm going to do another load clusters
dryer plus there's a washer full of
clothes
it's intense that nights are really
really rough for me normally because I
just can't seem to find the correct
position to sleep in so I'm usually like
either sitting up or I'm on my side kind
of curled in like trying to find a way
that's comfortable but what happens is
he crawls so high up into my ribs that
they be they'll actually like start to
push out and then I wake up in
excruciating pain so I have to flip to
my other side and I basically just sleep
for like thirty minutes at a time
switching like back and forth with
excruciating red pain and I just feel
like that yesterday night I was so
uncomfortable and miserable
I mean I've even tried sleeping just
like putting my head on the bug like
this leaning over the bed to sleep it's
really bad but last night I was just so
uncomfortable that I just laid on the
bed like with my head on the other side
of the bed and I actually fell asleep
and I was kind of comfortable and I
realized that the reason I was
comfortable because I was not using like
any pillows on my back and I was
basically stretched my body out and I
slept a lot better so last night I was
like get rid of all the pillows and I
just kept like my nice new goal just so
that I can
put that between my legs and I got rid
of all the other pillows and I slept so
much better all out to say I'm feeling
good today all I got I just grabbed
these uh headphone or your phones and
put him in his ears we listened a daddy
song yeah that's that's Mickey Mouse mom
that's daddy's Mickey Mouse shirt look
at all of this light you guys I actually
opened the windows put a big old sheet
in here and I'm actually filming some
performance shots for the music video
for Finley's lullaby that'll go up after
he's born but yeah I just I just do this
one really easy and simple at home so I
had a really cool backdrop it's just
like light behind me and hopefully it
looks good in posters I've been
recording that but I think Missy's about
to put a lead on friend yeah
we had an idea karma do you want to take
a nap with oli do you want to try and
take a nap with oli karma can be kind of
annoying in the middle of the night and
so we were thinking what if we actually
started to have karma sleeping with oli
in Ali's bed and that way he can protect
him and they can have like a little
bonding experience going on so let's see
what's going on in here oh yes hey buddy
Kerrigan see with you I don't know if he
can sleep is gonna be too excited you
have to lay down though
oli lay down these can give your mom get
him a big hug Oh puppy love puppy love
alright alright alright alright this
might be a disaster karma you need a
little nap okay have you seen an icon
say night-night calm all karma needs to
chill out anyway you know you can't you
can't play lay down lay down lay down
secret no no this is gonna work am i
work at night time cos karma like sleeps
during the night but we'll see um okay
so karma is laying down like a good boy
uh-huh
but oli not so much I'm gonna take my
Oliver James lay down right now and go
night-night
and a key
this is cute
Catherine was like I'm trying to take a
nap Oh this'll be the Karma Oliver no no
lay down right now give me others bed
yeah this is your idea he actually
opened the door even karma oh this is
fun
goli down now and close your eyes put
your head down stop messing with karma
well comments being super good oli not
so much I went out while all I was
taking a nap and Brian was getting work
done kind of it with my mom and I got my
nails done um and just kind of hung out
with her for a little bit but I actually
went out and I've grabbed a few things
that I needed for my hospital bag
makeup-wise because even though I have
like all this makeup basically I just
wanted to have like more travel size
makeup for the hospital and some just
like really really basics and simple so
I have to worry about like packing on my
makeup or you know whatever cuz I do
like to have just like a little bit
makeup on it makes me feel good first I
got this little Urban Decay travel kit
it's got mascara little eyeliner a
little primer for my eyes I even got
this little makeup setting spray which I
don't normally use but maybe I'll use it
in the hospital this I'm excited I got
makeup brushes and this is the it brand
at Ulta and they're kind of just like a
little bit smaller than the regular
brushes but they're like perfect size I
love how they're like travel pack it's
got a powder brush it's got a foundation
brush and like your eye makeup brush I
feel like this is all I'll seriously
need for the hospital and this is um
blush and I actually got it in this
score sort of like a peachy pinky type
of color and then I got this Too Faced
boudoir I love this palette like it is
so pretty I really like the colors on it
they're really subtle pretty sparkly
shiny that's what I like but it's kind
of small and compact so it'll fit
perfectly in my little traffic travel
bag and then I actually I love this face
wash I'm going to be using one for home
so I ran out and one for the hostel bag
I wish they had a smaller one for the
hospital but this is all I had and I
also got this cute little travel bag and
I got because I just like donated to the
organization that was going on there and
so they gave me like this cute little
bag and I might just end up putting my
makeup in this one I think this is like
a great little travel kit of makeup I
can't wait to like kind of put it
together
and look what I came home to Brian are
you taking a selfie
look what they're watching
a boom on they are cuddly on the couch
watching Aladdin likes Iago oh yeah
Aladdin just came out like last night
basically right pre-order is oh oh okay
uh-huh and then it must have like came
out last night through this is like
Brian's favorite Disney movie so he's so
excited that oli is gonna be able to
watch it we are headed get ice cream
I felt like ice cream so I was like
let's go I want ice cream you're not
gonna have much longer where you can be
like hey any french fries hey anyone's
realistics hey I need ice cream why do I
have much longer cuz you're not gonna be
pregnant for that much longer
oh so I can't just demand things that's
enough no my turn I get nine months I'm
like gosh no way
he's struggling to eat it there you go
just go for it
you
are you sharing with Doc I always have
trouble deciding what to get for ice
cream but today I got rocky road because
it's like chocolate but it's got like
extra goodies in it - ha okay
all these stole Mama's ice cream
you know what that countdown means right
you should know Cougars she's obsessed I
think I'm gonna send her to rehab cookie
rehab
I bet the Cookie Monster's there she's
basically a cookie monster
look who's asleep Olly yay rejoice and
karma when Missy and I go to bed you're
gonna join Olly okay we're gonna put you
in his room you guys sleep in his room
tonight okay is that cool
wag your tail if that's cool with you
perfect thank you we broke out the old
fall decorations you guys Missy really
wanted to decorate for fall because it
is fall time although in California
you'd think it was summer because it was
100 degrees today not really feeling
like fall here so you have to do things
in order to make it feel like fall so
we're going to show you what we did we
put this cool pumpkin jack-o'-lantern
thing over here in the corner then we
have another pumpkin right here on top
of the water cooler and below the key
then we got this cool candle for the
middle of the island and it's in like
this wooden bowl with these rocks and
it's got like these leaves in it and
stuff and then we also got some new
couch stuff to make it feel more like
fall so we brought out the fall cushions
and we got these black couch couch
cushions and it was really nice like
Afghan type blanket it's so nice that it
makes me want to learn to make one of
these winter look at this pillow you
guys isn't that cool got a little fox
and then we don't see your cookies OMG
we got another pumpkin over there we got
this weird deer mount head thing made
out of wicker I don't know I think it's
pretty cool I think it's pretty cool and
then we got a witch's broom snow Nimbus
2000 but it'll do brought out all the
fall decorations for right there miss
you put the cool little vase together
with all the little pumpkins and such I
kid you not guys it's got pumpkins and
and such more pumpkins pumpkins
everywhere you got pumpkins under the TV
who remembers this little guy the little
bear
little wicker bear but yeah we got that
all situated under the TV and then
finally we threw a splash of ball on top
of the mantel so we've got some leaves
because you know in California the
leaves don't actually change color they
don't ever look like that so we got to
represent somewhere we got a cool little
succulent and some weird fall fruits and
vegetable thingies and if you lost count
yes that is 16 pumpkins we have in our
house now because that's how you feel
like fall when you're in California guys
I'm telling you but anyway yeah we broke
out all the fall decorations smells good
in here it's feeling good anyway I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video if you
did click that thumbs up button if you
guys didn't see Missy put out a new
video on her channel her fall clothing
haul more fall stuff she got a bunch of
stuff for after she's pregnant so go
check that out link down below in the
description thank you guys for watching
give us a big thumbs up and subscribe
and comment and we'll see you manana
I gotta end the vlog you can want to see
again it's only right after showing you
our fall abide house here we go doop
doop doop doop doop doop
all the places we go now
who knows the troubles we'd overcome who
knew
very easily tear down in all the crowd
