good job don't turn it around pointing
at yourself
can you point the camera at that guy
hi good morning
heat now that's my couch and mama oh
there's my ah you pointed out yourself
turn it around so you can see yourself
turn it around turn it around
look Liz that it is always a high
you're so cute yeah oli apparently
thought it was time to start the vlog so
he went over there grabbed the camera
turned it on started recording and
started the vlog that is Mama's phone
can you go give that to her you're such
a good boy
thank you we've just been hanging out
and relaxing Missy and I are gearing up
for our appointment a midwife
appointment that Missy has today oli ate
a yummy breakfast didn't you okay oh
yeah and then what'd you do what'd you
find
go get it he's starting to do that when
you see something or wants to react to
those I mean like gasps gasps that is
buzz yes he followed us home from the
supermarket yesterday and it was super
weird huh remember that okay random
trampoline action going on here
okay Oh spin he's spinning and jumping
Missy this kid's got tricks you guys all
he is using his sit and spin he just
dragged it over here and sat on it
is that cool Ollie okay just got this
little munchkin to bed I am all ready
for the day and we are getting ready to
leave to go to our appointment although
I have to eat some lunch before we leave
but I just have to say how adorable my
kid is he he is just he's honestly such
a good kid like he's crazy and he is
hyper and he's just like any other
two-year-old but he's a good kid and
like I just put him down for his nap and
yeah sometimes he's like no I don't want
to but usually he goes right into his
bed he always wants to cuddle with me so
he goes mama and so I lay with him for
like literally
a minute and then I say okay Mama's
gonna go night-night he goes okay
night-night
this is the cutest thing ever and then
he just goes to bed and he just he's so
cute I don't know I don't know why I got
so lucky with such a good little boy but
I'm excited to go to my appointment and
figure out what's going on with this
little boy so we are all ready to leave
for Missy's Midwife appointment today we
are actually gonna be asking the Midwife
about something that came up a couple
days ago and if I feel so bad for Missy
because it looks so uncomfortable but
we're gonna show you guys and then the
Midwife is gonna tell us what she thinks
so this literally just popped up like a
couple days ago Oh baby yesterday was
really bad I'm gonna be honest Missy it
looks worse it really especially it's
it's like it's a welt it's welted up
right here and then all like the dots
and starts right there it's like very
very uncomfortable I have a feeling I
know what it is I want to know what I
want to see what the doctor thinks well
what do you think it is I think it's
pups I don't spy agency pups and it's a
rash right there's a rash that you only
get when you're pregnant and the only
way to cure it is to have a baby it
could be a tormenting basically type of
rash and there's nothing that will like
relieve it the thing is too is like
they're saying that it's so unbearable
that they usually end up inducing women
at 39 weeks so it's just like if that is
it and if it doesn't go away like in the
next couple days it's just another thing
that's kind of against you and you're
sort of a bummer and so we'll see I'm
just I don't know I really want to care
of my my wife has to say about it it's
not unbearable at this point so we'll
see so what are they doing today and
then we're gonna check to see if he's
supposed to
or anterior to the last time paycheck
who is posterior I'm Nadia's anymore cuz
I know I'm really I want to see if
she'll check me to see if I'm Tyler you
know and but I got you well I'm gonna
show her your belly yeah I'm gonna show
my belly and I think it might be
spreading to my legs
okay I'm seeing little dots of Island so
put your hands right where mine are so
you're gonna kind of put your fingers so
a little bit more spread apart and then
down sorry at that funderbolt you feel
it there oh my gosh that's his head
it's crazy sorry a nurse dose so it's
not engage though um I'd say defending
say engage engage is like I'm going yeah
very amazing
those hairy them about the 150s
getting pushed away alright oops
just got done with our appointment and
it went great
she wouldn't check me which I had a
feeling she wouldn't check me because I
have a midwife and they tend to be a
little bit more conservative when it
comes to things like that that's fine
I'm sure
I'm nothing honestly I guess I was just
kind of hoping like maybe they'd see and
be like oh you're a centimeter I'd be
like yes she did time that he's
descending you know I'm sure you're not
a zero I'm sure you're more than a one I
don't know I know I could totally be
nothing really yeah totally but yeah he
is descending that means his head is
coming down and he's getting to position
that was people that's pretty neat she
did say that it does look like pups we
should just suck like look at me right
now I can't right now I need to not do
that it's definitely very uncomfortable
but it's not unbearable at this point
and I think it is starting to spread to
my legs so that's kind of a bummer and
she said he does seem to be still
anterior so yay for no posterior baby
and back labor and all that I'll
probably still have to deal with this
excited I feel like it was a really good
appointment I have equipment next week
and maybe we'll get even more answers at
that 1g kinda was giving off fives that
she thinks he's coming sooner rather
than later also but I'm not getting my
hopes up we'll just wait and see what
happens I don't know it's so crazy just
not knowing like it's so weird what's up
ollie you eating some rice you want a
cookie though eat some rice and we'll
give you a cookie later okay Paulie did
you have fun with Mimi and Auntie and
what'd you do did you go outside can you
show me what you did outside tell me
what you did outside come on come show
me all he did something really cool
outside it's gonna show you whoa what is
that
that's Dada Dada he drew a picture of me
and where's mama mama
and where's ollie
prolly did you draw aunty
whoa-ho drawing bro what about over here
yeah because he's really not into
coloring or like stuff like that and I
feel like this is a start and he's been
like pretend that it's someone yeah he
drew me me and you yeah oh you're all
done are you doing yeah some energy you
wanna go swim in do you want to okay I'm
going to be taking all these swimming
right now since I didn't really get a
chance to hang out with it much today
plug that long car ride always yeah hi
the long car ride always really gets to
my back and my stomach gets all tight
and uncomfortable and so I was like I
need to go sit in the hot tub and I'm
gonna take oli with me and we already
ate dinner so this is literally like a
nighttime swim right before bed that
sounds fun yeah
hey you going night-night
go no you gotta go night-night I just
want to come in here and say night and I
love you can get another kiss hey hey
can you say night-night mm-hmm all right
let's lay down all right you guys that
is all for today's vlog thank you guys
so much for watching again if you're not
following us on any of our social media
especially my Twitter all those links
are down below in the description so be
sure to follow us there so you guys know
what's going on with Missy and Finley
and you get live baby updates cuz I'm
gonna let you guys know on Twitter first
you guys are amazing on Twitter by the
way can I just can I just shout out to
everyone on Twitter it's just been so
much fun like tweeting back and forth to
you guys and seeing your replies and
stuff it's been really fun so that's all
for today's vlog thank you guys for
watching if you guys enjoyed it give it
a thumbs up and leave a happy friendly
comment below if you're not subscribed
subscribe to our channel cuz we put up
videos every single day alright bye
who knew we proven out of this counting
all the places we've go now
who knows
we'd overcome
who use the ferry
see gather round who knew the life we
would have fire
