buh-buh-buh-buh-buh buhbuh
uh hey guys yes we are eating mini
corndogs for lunch because we're adults
we can do anything we want right guys
good afternoon guys how's it going we
are hanging out kids are sleep we're
watching some college football oh look
at that face usually that's a the Auburn
game that was crazy freakin what was the
score dude Auburn pulled up ahead in
overtime by seven like I can't believe
that they almost lost yeah you don't
believe it
don't make fun of me watch it's just
getting this cuteness over here oh I'm
Jeanie that's what he's doing well the
kids are asleep they're taking really
good naps and so we're kind of just
hanging out and relaxing today is a
really awesome day because it's Missy's
baby shower not spring or not not shower
actually sprinkle it's only gonna
sprinkle okay forecast is sprinkled
shower basically right and what does
that mean basically it's not like
exactly like a baby shower where people
bring you like tons of gifts it's more
like a celebration and people might
bring gifts because people kind of tend
to feel like they should just gonna be
like a fun basically that's like a big
party with all our family and friends
yeah but I'm really excited because
normally I like I'm really involved in
everything and I haven't been involved
in any of this so it's completely
planned they're kind of surprising me
I'm excited I think it's gonna be like
super cute did they tell you about being
the castle
but we got oh yes it will we meaning the
girls Ellie and me are sitting here we
are doing my hair and we're watching :
and Katie apparently they're sick and we
feel really bad for you guys if you guys
are watching right now that sucks wish
you were here
yes we do wish you guys were here we are
clear really sad like we feel so bad
that like Elland over here and you guys
are anyways yeah so we are getting my
hair done
I told Ellie I was like I don't want
like light curls
I don't know and she's just she's like
awesome I don't know
I definitely don't even care what it
looks like honestly don't know why I get
nervous there you go you can I like to
do mine but when it's like I should not
be nervous I did need to do this all the
time but Andy as far as styling I don't
know it's like and I want you to like it
I want to swim to look cute and I'm not
even worried about it you are the cutest
pregnant like you are gonna be cute for
your sprinkles I think it's really cute
it's so good Ellie it looks so cool I
love it
thank you your walk guys I really do
like it Missy's all finished doing her
hair now I'm going to get Ollie hey
ollie
good morning so all he insisted on
sleeping with this Clarisonic face
washer thing it's actually on right now
- kinda dead that I guess what today
we're gonna celebrate your new little
brother so I can be fine can you say fin
Ben that's your little brother okay
let's go
you've been good yeah
are you so excited for the baby sprinkle
today ollie look at your hair it looks
so good
take a big bite YUM eating pizza huh
yeah What's Wrong ollie we checked out
on Thursday hoarsely hey what's wrong
did that I put your shorts on wrong walk
two dead walk to Daddy come on come here
come here walk to dinner we're looking
snazzy yes we've got Antigua we got
Ollie back here in Jackson back here the
car seats just still in our cars were
like I will just take him behind we are
headed to the sprinkle I'm so excited
and I do feel like we waited just a
little bit to that point in my pregnancy
where I just feel huge and I feel
uncomfortable and so I hope that I'm not
like uncomfortable during a party but
yeah yeah Jackson totally agrees with me
as well oh yeah totally
exactly
nice yeah hi puppy
hey puppy look at the doggy can you pet
it like there's a dog in here like no
doggy
he sends dead
all right we're at my baby shower and it
hasn't quite I
jarred it go baby sent it to you I'll
eat it baby
so with I sent baby shower and I whip it
baby sprinkles when I meant and I said
maybe you're all I say baby sin or hey
guys or what what he's about to say well
I'm not saying it's so cute in here and
actually we're at Michelle's house which
she's my hairdresser and Maddie is
singing on the EP and they're just
awesome friends of ours and we're so
excited of course my mom and aunt are
also a part of this and there are
actually untying tons of we got hang but
they did so good so they called it a
sprinkle and then they have like cookies
that have sprinkles on them is so cute I
know everybody's yeah
oh wow so cute I just love everything in
here it's just so like simple and pretty
and cute and I love it baby fan
okay some three yeah alright we're going
and Jeremiah's going to get blushing for
the food and I would say pregnant ladies
first
okay and then after that you kids thank
you so much for the sub is baby shower
that were having for the per missing
bride and baby fan Lord we just pray
that you would just bless the stable or
God or that when he counts water just
being your arms board and how do you
just use this family learn as you
already have God we thank you so much
for the spoon which is crediting bless
it to our bodies and nourish your soul
for God your name Christina amen how
about these cakes babe she's very
excited as am I
and yes we have Olive Garden how amazing
ooh lasagna and for Cheney
everyone is here and look at even my dad
and his family are here hey guys thanks
for coming everyone's rolling in and
admiring the bumps I see you I see you
rose over 15th and you're the 20th yeah
yeah I apologize that my son knows
exactly the chemicals now Oh every
attention
oli is jumping out of the hot tub into
the pool like butt and so cute
all right you didn't know that's time
you having fun don't splash water he's
been doing this new thing where he
throws water yeah you can throw it there
I got so much fun at my baby sprinkle it
was so like super bulky but so adorable
and so special and I just I don't know I
just feel so like lucky to have like my
like family like my mom and my aunt and
then my friend Michelle to like actually
like think of me and like do this for me
it was just like so so sweet of them
funny because um a lot of people have
different things like a cultural thing
on whether you have like baby showers or
baby sprinkles and stuff like that and
so we have always had baby showers for
every single baby like no matter what
all my family all my friends all in this
area you have a baby shower for every
baby
but since I've been on YouTube I
realized like not everyone does it that
way and so I was like Mike I really need
that I would tell like Mike and I don't
really think I'm gonna have a baby
shower and they'd be like what why like
you have to celebrate this baby in the
end they were like let's do a sprinkle
you can like call it a sprinkle instead
of a shower so this is really cute of
them to like actually think of me like
that and want to do something even
though I was kind of like I don't know I
don't think I'm supposed to but yeah it
was just it was such an awesome day and
I just had so much fun and felt really
loved and this baby's gonna be a lucky
little boy anyways I'm gonna actually in
the vlog because we're going to bed
we're exhausted mommy thinks it was so
fun that I got to have you at the baby
shower is you're my baby and he's my
baby huh it really was just special to
have like Olly be at this baby's like
baby
sprinkle baby shower because like last
year or last time it was I didn't have
any kids and now I had like a little
baby with me and it was just it was so
cute I just oh it's so crazy like I'm
about to have a baby I got a little
emotional
all right guys having it in the barn I
hope you guys enjoyed it give a thumbs
up if you did and we'll see you guys
tomorrow Keith's a by spice
/ - a little bit mr. happy and then he
went to saw me in Proverbs eliminating
the other got me locked and he was feels
happy because really Matheny in Casa is
fine okay it's finally time for bed bud
we got Buzz Lightyear here he's hanging
out with a stuffed cow woody is next
half asleep in 2008
