hey guys real quick before today's vlog
starts you guys know that we are on baby
watch Finn is coming either tomorrow the
next day in two weeks we don't know but
every single day a missions body is
progressing and getting itself ready for
labor and we're seeing signs of that and
I know a lot of you guys are really
worried and concerned and super
interested and everyone wants to see and
know what's happening all the times live
and we can't put live videos up like all
the time so if you guys want to know
up-to-date information on baby watch
follow me on Twitter and follow Missy
and I both on Instagram I'll have both
of those linked down below in the
description I will be tweeting live
updates as they're happening when it's
happening you will know their first so
you usually know everything first on my
Twitter account so go follow me on
Twitter if you're not on Twitter make an
account it's free and it's so much fun
and I actually interact a lot with you
guys on Twitter the most but now enough
of all that update stuff let's start the
blog
what is that a hat you're wearing
good morning on we go screen oli that's
me and Dad huh I like your new hat okay
yeah you want to hang out with Mama well
I'm sure she'll wanna hang out with you
too
let's go come on get out bad let's go
let's go oh oh he's right there
your room is kind of a mess buddy can
you clean it up his replies even still
on point good morning guys all he's
looking for money way I think he found
mama mamas recording a video in there
you he waited he has to say hi really
fast mama and Aunty are filming a video
and he couldn't even stop him hey buzz
looking a little girl did you have a
good nap daddy daddy got you hmm Casey
hi all right let's go let's unfinished
last night Ollie actually had a couple
of nightmares and I ended up sleeping in
his bed for a couple hours with him and
I think it actually helped you remember
that maybe he does he's sad cuz auntie
has to film the videos mama and he will
be right down and then you guys can play
have so much fun in the meantime clean
up this room - okay
Oh Karma's giving you kisses make you
feel kissing karma give them kisses
karma give them kisses give them kissing
who needs kisses maybe he doesn't like
that hey my sister just got done filming
a quick little video our hall for
JCPenney and it was I'm really excited
about all the clothes I could not fit on
anything so I don't even think I'm gonna
be trying anything on the video or
anything but yeah okay so I woke up
today feeling really good
no Bryan told you guys about my
contraction that I had last night that
was like painful and I was like maybe
it'll be more painful throughout the
night but nothing else happened I did
have a couple painful contractions this
morning but still nothing to report and
last night was one of my better nights
sometimes
my nights are really really rough I just
can't seem to get comfortable and I
usually wake up like excruciating pain
but um last night I basically sat in
like a sitting up position
I wasn't in as much pain I still woke up
in pain but I didn't feel like I was
like dying you having fun will you eat
hey did you get a mosquito passing did
you get a skid hole oh and he's so nice
huh I am 37 weeks pregnant
and I honestly have to still get out of
the house even though I kind of just
want to like sit on the couch and think
and it makes me shy and go faster
because if I was just like laying at
home which is kind of what I want to do
time just goes so slow all yes we will
see Mimi kay and papa yeah so yeah we
were headed out and my dad has been
talking uncle - yes and uncle my dad has
been talking about taking all I do
fishing for months now especially his
always super into fish but he took all
of us fishing when we were really little
and fishings always kind of been a part
of our life we are actually gonna go to
Patton Oscars on the pond they have like
a little pond that you can catch like
some really little like bluegill type of
fish Mimi has a surprise for olly olly
she got you something did I got you okay
I got you
what is that well you wasn't quite get
it you got extend on it thank you
he's cruising yes this is actually
Oscars pond and then there's a really
cool restaurant up there and they put
little fish in here that you can go
fishing with and there's ducks and
turtles and we're gonna see what all he
thinks about catching fish
yeah
fill it in buddy breelan you got really
like this you hold this we've got a
fishy really catching fish you ready oh
look at that
you're crying man hey fishy there he
goes you swam away already got another
one reel it in
ollie but it's the littlest fish I've
ever seen go look at it ollie
you do it you feel them under Fela get
it buddy get a party get it buddy
real a minute more you see the fish
McKenzie Maki's
little fishy
touch of Molly I see which we name him
sushi Ben oh my gosh she wasn't in the
fish fin you're amazing buddy what are
we gonna do with this kid Missy hey bye
bye bye fishy so tonight Ali's dress
says Buzz Lightyear and he has Captain
America thank you okay okay he is loving
Captain America like yeah you've never
even watched it but he just thinks he's
the coolest guy ever and daddy's gonna
read him a book and I we got this book
from yesterday I think we showed it and
I love it it is so cute it's up don't
push the button so if you need a bedtime
story
let's just watch don't push the button
hi my name is Larry welcome to my book
there's only one rule don't push the
button okay oh okay
seriously don't even think about it okay
it does look pretty nice though I wonder
what would happen if we pushed it low in
the we know we can't we mustn't don't
push a cake don't push it all right
okay it's really tempting right no right
no one is looking maybe she just keep
the putt button one little plush key
push the button
you push the button ah now I'm yellow
push it again be eeek damn y'all and
poke it up was it twice B one more time
one more beep okay
hi now there's two of me push it a bunch
of times push it push the plane push it
what's the matter punch attack baby baby
baby baby baby we made a bunch of mom
look at all the larry's look at all
those Larry's shake the book to get rid
of the extra Larry grab that side shake
it shake it shake it get rid of the
extra Larry's almost a little more shake
it shake it take a look there we go
it says here to scratch Larry's tummy to
get him back to normal go yeah hey that
tickles okay much better let's not push
the button again but that was kind of
fun maybe just a couple more pushes push
it a couple times be pushing one more
time and yeah it was that good you like
that one okay okay
son take you book I actually like he
always likes it so anyways I'm like
don't pushing he's like okay alright
let's end the vodka neat on thumbs up
and say subscribe you say leave a
comment down below yeah and then can you
say is canal done all the places we go
now
we don't forget on the phone
gather
like we would have fell
if your face
