hey Siri take a selfie hey guys welcome
to the vlog you can do it buddy
good job ha ha can you go down the slide
oh you're going headfirst watch out
karma Oh buzz
rescue buzz Ollie get up and rescue him
hurry get him get him
karma that is not yours that is Ollie's
can you give it to ollie ollie why'd you
let him have it
good morning guys it has been a fun
morning hanging out with Ollie and karma
what do you do it oh my goodness
there's buzz for you Kay I woke up this
morning and I lit a candle and I gotta
say guys I love candles it smells
amazing again look at this one is a
vanilla pumpkin marshmallow I've got a
pizza in the oven that Ollie and I are
excited to start down that is that not
hot right now but it oh it is when you
light it so let's stay away from it okay
look what came this morning guys we got
our new iPhones because it's iPhone day
Missy got the iPhone six-plus this time
in rose gold and I of course just went
with the basic black oh you're saying
phone yes yes this is the phone
I opened mine up and I'm gonna get it
all set up before I have to head back
into the studio but I'm gonna let Missy
unbox hers when she gets back she is add
a little prenatal massage that she
desperately needed this morning cuz she
was not feeling very good
bah ha ha ha ha Dada one toddler zip oh
crap did he hear me he's moving now dang
it okay note to self don't vlog at the
base of the stairs because my son can
hear 2-inch bedroom he's moving now
nope he's still he's taking a good nap
so that's good and look who's back from
her massage how'd it go okay did they
hurt you hide one judge please yo Craig
went there twice I actually told her I
reminded her that I was recording today
and she burst into tears I was like okay
I think that means I need to reschedule
that so yes you have me all day okay I
will be your minion and guess what I
have a surprise for you I bet you have
no idea what it is but you have no idea
that I got your new iphone she knew
pretty much look at the cool little
betta fish wallpaper I'm inside to see
you open it up open the baby up live
unboxing of the iPhone 6s plus we got
the right pretty rose gold
oh so it's white the company is in the
back oh do you like it big I'm afraid of
men tropics it's so big
well you're gonna have a good case on it
I think you'll like it I wanted to get
her the plus the first time because the
battery's a lot better yeah and you just
throw it in your purse anyway it's not
like you have to fit it in your pocket
yeah you can hardly tell it all in the
camera it's like a very subtle rosy pink
yeah always been awake for five minutes
and this happens yep he decapitated Elsa
can you find her body find it for dead
end I'll try and fix it Kate hey look
you found her body can I see thank you
this is very sad you guys the new iPhone
success now does live photos so I took a
picture of Ollie and Elsa here and if
you hold down on it you can see a minute
or a half a second before and a half a
second after you saying broke it how
cute is that that's so cool and you can
actually set live wallpapers as your
lockscreen
this is a default one of a betta fish
and if you hold down you can see it swim
a little bit so that's pretty cool
this is Missy's belly right now you guys
its demented it looks like an alien
what's he trying to do he's trying to
escape from the top but I keep trying to
comments down there oh my goodness you
okay is that hurt
comfortable but so this is probably what
his butt legs are over here you can film
cooking right now oh really
Holly what are you doing you're playing
PlayStation 4 you want to play ps4 you
go pio pio June June June hello children
yeah you're pretty good at video games
now huh Holly what do you see you found
buzz a few days ago he was telling me
that buzz was over here I was like maybe
there's no vibes and then you just
thought he would be running so happy and
so I can find it you see in there he's
laying down all right Olly reach reach
with your hand reach as far as you can
reach reach reach
no right there is it oh how about a
hanger maybe that'll work Oh taking him
yeah let me see let me see
there he is we rescued him Keegan mommy
hug and say thank you hope you think
this goes there oh I'm so glad you got
buzz back hey I'm gonna go Sean doing a
little family trip to Barnes and Nobles
be a book and we're just gonna read some
books to Ollie see if we can find maybe
like a new bedtime story that he'll like
smell of books that's a barrier with a
sleepy train Ollie what about the wonder
of dinosaurs rah here's a good job he
made me like force my hands like touch
boot
he loves boats or there's a train and go
into the kids section see what we can
find
yeah oMFG MSE I'm freaking out right now
the unofficial Harry Potter cookbook
from cauldron cakes to Knickerbocker
glory Missy we have to get this it's the
perfect time to because this is the time
of the year or you watch Harry Potter
and
cook yummy Harry Potter food look at
their section creatures you creatures
French onion soup Nancy they should your
business sugar biscuits did you find
some inside out characters let me see
ooh is that sadness oh you giving our
hug because she said well while we were
at Barnes & Nobles who showed up Olly
Papa Mimi yes they did they showed up in
the book actually I was holding him we
were checking out yeah and he was like
Mimi and I'm like no Mimi's not here and
I turned around and there was Mimi oh
literally brought buzz is like yeah so
Mimi and Papa were headed to dinner and
we need to eat dinner so we were like
let's just go to dinner so now we're
gonna go to dinner together Hollywood
you get for dinner food you know he got
alone and a grilled cheese and Fries
bellick's delicious okay yeah you can
eat that he's like I think I'll skip
though
we just got out of dinner now we're
walking by the pumpkin patch look at
this huge crocodile all I keep saying
Rex Rex look like red
who is that oli one thing we have to do
every year is how tall this fall we have
pictures on Olli on this a couple years
in a row turn around Olli that's how
tall you are almost three feet you see
the fishy that was a big fishy huh buddy
Ollie it's pretty excited to go down the
fishy and him and daddy are doing good
together
was that fun you're doing again was that
fun you're in the Sharkey looks like if
it's puffy oh we're home hi guys well
hike on my god he is so excited to read
the books we got up that series and
start getting ready for bed you ready
for bed
no maybe after we read a book huh so
these are the new books we got for ollie
we got this one Ollie's Halloween and
then we also got Toy Story book where's
woody this one has like these really
cool flaps so like when you're on a page
yeah when you're on a page you can like
move a little flap down we'll read that
one to you tonight okay buddy
and then we also got don't push the
button all right but are you ready for
your bedtime story so we can go
night-night
all right hey Barney's toys are playing
a game of hide-and-seek
it's buzzes turn to seek I got the best
spot of all declares woody laughs yeah
that's buzz I bet you won't be able to
find me but we have the honey all right
come race Dessie I can't even Missy aah
nice buzz yep okay Sam bullseye okay
let's see if twenties on this page Oh Oh
No all right guys I'm going to call it a
night I did what you guys Missy felt a
contraction in the car on the way home
and she said it was unlike all the other
contractions she's been feeling it
actually hurt and it had like cramping
like down there so I don't know I'm
gonna be watching her and paying
attention to her pretty close but anyway
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did click thumbs up subscribe if
you're not subscribed already right
gonna say subscribe to do so thank you
guys for watching we'll see a min Jana I
can't really try on your way
got around we would have
sister it worked
