good morning guys my sister had a freak
schedule where she had three days off in
a row and I was like you know what you
need to come down and hang out with us
because we rarely ever get to see you at
Twilight the only time we can see for
the baby's born said to me super crazy
yeah we're very red in this light hot
and so hot my sister and I are a lot
more alike than I think because when I
get ready I have my phone out coming
here she's like jamming out to what do
you mean getting ready I'm like that's
what I do good even Justin Bieber yeah
who doesn't love the Biebs I am headed
to go do a couple of errands for the day
we got a run to our mailbox I got a run
to the bank trying to do it early in the
day so I can get it done you know that
feeling when you just get things done
and you're just like ah feels so much
better but here's the thing you guys my
sister is here and I'm so excited I love
my sister honestly we really don't get
to see each other a whole lot just
because she works a lot and a
opportunity kind of presented itself
that I wanted to tell you guys about
something that's actually really
exciting for me something I think that's
always on my bucket list of things that
I want to do my sister is such a
kind-hearted person you guys and I know
that she has sacrificed a
when my grandma died my sister made sure
that she could live in the same place
that my mom lived so that my mom would
have a friend and would have someone and
it would have family close by so
thankful for her you know making that
sacrifice to stay closer to our mom
because I know that my mom really needed
it my mom my grandma was my mom's best
friend and when she lost her it wasn't
it was really hard it was really hard
for all of us and I think it really hit
her the most because they were best
friends they went everywhere together
they did everything together so I love
that my sister's made that sacrifice and
I know that she is struggling with some
things and I I just want to be able to
help her and bless her she has a car and
it's it's so beat-up she's had it for
years I think she bought it when I had
like three hundred thousand miles on it
for like four hundred bucks and it's
constantly breaking down she's
constantly having to get things replaced
and spending money and putting money
into it and struggling I just don't want
her to struggle anymore
so because her car is so unreliable
Missy and I both agreed that I think she
needs to leave California with a good
safe reliable car something that she
won't have to worry about and put money
into and and something that will get her
through her workday easily and you know
without having another stress on her
shoulders to look after and honestly
Missy and I feel so blessed just to be
able to do something like this this is
huge for us we love doing things like
this for our family we feel so blessed
to be able to do what we love and we
want to use that to help other people if
you're not working for that what are you
what are you working towards you know
what I mean family is what's important
you guys we're really excited to be able
to surprise her with this so I'm gonna
run a couple errands and
I'm going to surprise her you guys it's
finally happening
Missy can you believe it Cassie actually
dragged us here I had it a couple days
ago with a girlfriend some friends of
mine and it was really good yeah Missy
well I guess it's you so what are we
having today my see we're having bah
 yeah
not not though every time I say foe
clones like it's fun so yeah we're
having but my sister's had it and she
likes it too yeah say and no
Wow
oh my goodness thank you
we are getting foud up right now but my
sister knows what she's doing you guys
look at that yeah
delish oh it's good I ordered the large
on accident and I have enough here for a
small family alright I'm going to add
some bean sprouts because I love that
boom ba-ba-boom I'm gonna squeeze some
lime up in there just like that I got
some cilantro you guys know that's my
joke yeah you want some cilantro buddy I
actually got the rare state because
I texted pong because he's basically the
flower master he's the told me
to get the rare beef noodle soup so
that's what I'm getting and I hope it's
good so these noodles you have to break
them up a little
oh my god Saldana good montreux is just
amazing the beef is awesome the noodles
are like crazy boy yeah all right you
guys we just had some amazing Missy is
actually going to head with her mom and
sister because she's got some shopping
to do for her maternity photo shoot got
to find some good things and Bev and I
are gonna do something really cool
Bev Missy and I actually have a surprise
for you what we know that you have been
struggling with your car and having
issues so we're gonna make sure before
you leave California that you have a
nice new car
so you don't have to worry about or
stress about or anything really
mom's mom's been telling me you've been
having problems with your car over and
over again I know you're trying to look
for something so you don't have to worry
about it
we're gonna go car shopping Missy and I
have talked about it and we basically
like we know that you sacrifice a lot
because mom lost gram and you stay in
Idaho a for mom you know and we really
appreciate it and we love you and we
just want to be able to bless you in
this way I am out and about now and we
are gonna look for a few things for my
maternity shoes that I have in just a
few days but I am really excited for
Brian and Bev I'm excited they get to go
out and do that it's so hot so I hope
they aren't gonna be like miserable
probably like 100 and 500 and 500 5 out
sides your boy like why are you outside
I'm not outside for very long and that's
for sure
we've got Ollie hearing he is exhausted
he's doing okay boiling hot outside get
me indoors alright we are checking out
cars we are in this really cool one it's
like a little little hatchback exactly
kind of like what you have at home you
know and the seats fold down so you can
get storage back there it's really cute
this is a really cool but we're just
having fun
jamming out to music and checking out
some cars this guy's going to show us
some new cars we got windows I'm
checking the window
all right I put down a few outfits I
want to try I really like this white and
lacy look so this is a bump that you put
on when you're not pregnant I want you
to try it did
there she is literally just looks like a
pillow it's under her belly that's what
you look like is pretty pregnant after a
very long day of shopping and
test-driving we found it do you love it
it's so pretty you know right a little
tear like check out this car it's a
little Nissan Versa a little hatchback
we found a used one for a really good
price and so we're pretty stoked about
it
it's nice and clean to get a get a whiff
of that semi new semi semi new car smell
yes it does a little bit yeah huh get
this you guys it just started pouring
rate well I guess 400 and it is like
raining we're like all freaking out like
we forgot first we're so so you know I'm
gonna have to wash all of these towels
yeah what is it baby
not working that's right our hot hot day
turn to a cozy day in our pajamas
listening to the rain and we're gonna
put on a movie look at it it's so crazy
out there the wind and thunder is insane
no my sister the minions gonna jump
you're headed back from the dealership
my sister is driving behind me in her
new car or her new to her car
what a blessing like to be able to like
knock something like that off your
bucket list I just feel so good to be
able to help her with something like
that I know she's so grateful I love my
family and I know they're not able to
like visit a lot you guys don't really
see them a lot cuz they don't live here
in California but I love my family it
feels good to be able to help them in
this way - someone's tired home you
ready for bed Kim are you tired
I'm home we're taking a little rascal up
to bed
Oh Oh b1 ollie
you got a lightsaber huh Oh careful Oh
oh there you go you can do it
oh the force is strong with this one I'm
in hurry so I can tuck you
yes this on going to bed with the lights
please
Hey like once ha you got what do you
buzz he loves sleeping with living buzz
you mean what he and Jesse I mean what
do you just say yeah Oh mom I get it
make room make room for mommy hmm that's
all for today's vlog we had a busy
exciting day I hope you guys enjoyed it
for those of you wondering my sister's
gonna be here for a couple more days so
I'm excited to get to hang out because
she's honestly hilarious and a lot of
fun if you guys enjoyed today's video be
sure to click that thumbs up button and
subscribe because we put on videos every
single day we hope you like them thanks
for watching we'll see manana I'm tired
I got this nope it's wet that's quite an
accomplishment
inside
in the
