good morning
minion yeah how many minions you see
good car there's a car on there too yeah
anything else you see in this room you
want to point out ollie oh the cat there
is a cow up there also what is and
that's Ollie what about that what's over
there yeah I'm quite sure what he said
there
good morning ollie woke up in such a
good mood and he just wants to point out
everything in his room because you're
such a smart boy huh blanky yeah and
what's this bill oh yeah that's another
pillow uh-huh and in a car this is so
cute this is a little dumpster truck
that he went to bed with and his shirt
says hauling off the bed and actually it
looks a lot like that one come on let's
go you want to fly three two one
bunny you want to go in the bunny room
oh my gosh he's a he's a bunny room ooh
that was bright is bright in here
we are in the bunny room huh that is so
cute he calls spins nursery the bunny
room huh it is like a doggy huh cuz it's
so soft
yeah there's some toys in there you can
pull it out take a couple of things out
ooh hey guys how's it going if you have
not seen Finley's nursery reveal go
check it out now link down below in the
description Missy Knight worked so hard
on this room it's actually so cool that
we can vlog in here now because we
literally do hang out in here a lot and
all he loves it it's just so airy and
peaceful and calm all the colors I think
really helped with that so yeah this is
Finley's make sure you guys and I love
it
Macey says her favorite thing about it
is probably this big faux fur rug and I
think I'm gonna tell you right now my
favorite thing about the nursery is this
huge rule
because this is something I think that
is going to be in our family for a
really long time and we're gonna mark
all the kids their height and I can tell
you right now that very few of them are
gonna get above the ruler because we got
short people in our family although I
just realized I am that's five one two
three four five six I mean yeah I'm
about five eight so that's about right
but we have Ollie's on here when he was
13 months I think I want to write on
that with I think a little bit more
permanent marker and then we'll measure
him again and coming up pretty soon
because he's - now can you stand against
the ruler a Duda wants to see because he
you were about there when you were a
year old so how much have you grown in a
year not that much I would say that's
about seven inches seven inches in a
year is that is that about normal I
don't even know that's a bunny huh
this is what Holly does you guys puts
the chair next to the crib climbs onto
the chair there you go and then he
climbs in oh he's in are you hanging out
in Finn's bed yeah that's Finn's bed
yeah see how he's got his name up there
since Finley huh that's a bunny yep
they're bunnies everywhere Ollie has
turned on the camera and as pressed
record you guys say hi look into the
thing and say hi so you got a look in
the lens he wants to see himself here
let me close the lens up for you now
hold it up
who's that yeah do ya do you have
something you want to say to them hey
anything else my bangies okay
where didn't you so they can see you
showing your toys should want to show
the camera your choice Wow oh yeah
any other toys you wanna show them you
want to show them the crib when the
camera at the crib you have to point the
camera at it there you go
that crab thank you buddy
uh-huh show them the star can you show
the start up there so I'm gonna start
Rolly yes now can you show them your
toys show all the toys yes that's the
basket it comes in huh
show me your dad I can you pointed that
bed that high you're vlogging buddy
isn't that cool
Hey look if you put it in the mirror you
can see yourself no no don't move that
look I look in the mirror do you see
yourself hey guys
okay I am feeling slightly better today
than I was yesterday although I
definitely not sick like I have just
like a head cold congestion mixed with
just like the overall pregnancy it kind
of in a lot sometimes to take that's
just like that's just like added one
extra like ugh on to me but today I'm a
little bit clearer my head's not
pounding as much as it was yesterday
which makes me less emotional so that's
good and all ER here right now and I
think my family's gonna come over to
swim which I would like I really want to
swim today so I cold
to start heating the pool so that I
could get in and not be freezing cold so
it's me and oli right now and you have
bread as usual white why am I always
long Union you have a piece of bread in
your hand and he only likes like the
inside too so it's not even eating the
whole thing and then we've always got
comma standing right next to him thank
you what you want to go in the water
yeah daddy made you a whole grilled
cheese sandwich and you didn't even eat
it
oh why do I try to change the subject
what about the baby you me is the baby
gonna go in the rocker that's the baby's
huh he doesn't quite understand why he
can't get in it Oliver that is the
babies yes he's getting so talkative and
then when he does talk he's like saying
something else I don't even know what
he's talking about exactly
but and that's woody yep this week is
actually really big because I am doing a
huge photo shoot for the like a lion EP
we're gonna be doing some promo shots
stuff that we send to iTunes stuff that
we use for the album artwork so we're
gonna be taking a lot of photos and I
realized I don't have like any cool
outfits I'm at the mall and I have to
shop for clothes and I hate doing this
normally I buy all my clothes online so
we'll see how this goes just got to get
a couple outfits it is a hot hot day
today we are definitely looking at over
a hundred degrees whoa the family's over
all right we got off the boogie board
for all in sand
right now go you're actually going on
karma just found a new trick
okay can someone grab a hobby good boy
okay drop it good job good boy actually
kicked out all the balls because when
karma has balls on the pool area he just
gets really obsessive and you like can't
stop so he found a new thing to play
with I guess stop it but which one's
your favorite shirt what should I wear
on the cover of my EP you choose which
one do you like juice pick one
that one all right I'll wear that shirt
and how about those pants that'll look
good
Ollie it's time for bed we're not going
to get back tonight
meet your new clothes on
good luck get Macky to sleep it's time
to get this kid ready for bed he's
laying down here he really wants woody
we're gonna put on something else they
just grabbed these fresh pajamas from
the closet that I pulled out we found a
bunch of clothes that like we're too big
for Ollie that I kind of walked it's
weird because I think that this rice is
12 months but they're huge so I'm gonna
put them on and see if they fit they've
never been worn before so look at this
he was like I cannot do this until I
have woody and Jessie he's so silly he
loves his toys ha I think it fits
perfectly do you like this yeah what is
that it's actually not even that day
that's a twelvemonth outfit it totally
fits him all right I'll are you ready to
go night-night
you ready did you have a fun day today
you wouldn't need me a Poppa Mimi did
you swim yeah with karma I was that fun
he's so silly
all right guys I'm gonna go ahead and
the vlog actually did wanna let you guys
know if you haven't seen fins nursery
tour it is up we will have it linked
down below it's on my channel and then
on my channel as well my bump date just
went up for my 36 week bump date and we
talked a lot about my what I'm going
through I hope you guys enjoyed this
video give it a thumbs up if you did see
thumbs up yep or or lightsaber up
case beddy-bye
