and now I don't know what to do with my
life and I'm super upset D'Argo's did
you keep your tongue in my mouth
morning guys I actually just got my
bedding out of the dryer I've been doing
a lot of chores this morning I got my
couches clean whoa they actually weren't
that bad but there was like a few stains
on it and we have some special guests
coming this weekend and so I wanted it
to be clean and do it uncle lot of
tourists been feeling really good this
morning always taking a nap so he's been
so good we were officially one week into
the big boy bed literally has never
gotten out of bed he woke up actually
last night in the middle of night really
upset I think he had maybe a bad bad
dream or scared or something like that
and he just like woke up he's like mama
mama but he never got out of the bed to
try and like come get me or anything he
just wanted me to come get him and I
grabbed him and we cuddled in our bed
for a few hours and then I put him back
in his room and he did really good the
rest of the day so one week a whole week
made a whole week without him getting
out of bed I'm so proud of him now that
I've walked up the stairs and gave
myself
like a heart attack I'm going to attempt
to make this bed so here we go
have a look and if you're wondering I
actually got this bedding from JCPenney
and I love it I think actually was super
cute funny thing I bought this bedding
for ollie which at the time that I
bought it I was like this might be a
little too girly I don't know if it's
exactly what we're going for but I got
it anyways and then we ended up not
using it I was like this will be perfect
for the guest room so I actually really
loved it I think it I think it fits
really well with like the gray and
everything and it's just cute I am so
mad I've been preparing all day for this
moment and I was going to film my bump
date of course the piece that is very
important to put your camera on the
tripod is with Brian in the car I'm so
mad seriously like planning my whole day
around doing this video and then I would
edit while always asleep still and I
would just get tons of stuff done and
now I don't know what to do with my life
and I'm super upset
garma ah did you stick your tongue in my
mouth yeah all right let's think of a
new plan kay crisis averted I was able
to balance the camera on top of the
tripod without the little piece that
keeps it like safe and if Brian saw what
I was doing he'd probably be like oh my
god it's gonna fall it's gonna break
don't do that but it's totally balanced
it's working so I think I'm just gonna
do it please don't fall look at me I'm
attempting to edit yeah but of course
just as I started to attempt to edit all
he woke up so I'm gonna go get him right
now that's deadly
hi good morning Steve good you slept
like two whole hours good job did you
does it good boy so proud of you huh
buzz yeah there's buzz over there you
know I come up oh okay hold on the mama
hold on Oh your little big mmm ready oh
he's dead he'll be home soon
so that what you have can I see can I
see can you give it to dead side I on
fleek what do you do it
it okay so what we're gonna do we're
gonna play a game where I want something
did he just say you suck oli can I
please see the quarter let Daddy see it
give it to Daddy Please Please Please
oli thank you this is the quarter from
yesterday when we did magic with Chris
ballinger if you haven't seen it go
watch other guys lock what you are
bouncing King bouncing King young and
free feel the tambourine right
he loves the cubox bouncing on this
thing oh what's the beer no watch the
fingernail watch the finger fingernails
Ollie have you been enjoying your new
organized little playroom oh oh oh are
you fixing dead fix my foot fix dentist
foot with your tool there we go
fix it there you go oh good job I feel
way better yes uh we redid his playroom
and already he kind of messes it up what
do you want what do you see karna what
do you see what's in there what do you
see a car is it the ball is there a ball
in there that you really want can you
find a ball for karma Ollie there you go
look at that oh oh you're so nice if you
follow me on Twitter you saw that I
actually joined Amazon Prime which could
be a bad thing ordered this thing
what is it Missy I'm just with it I
don't even care this I'm just saying it
not Brian insists on being like always
in on everything that like technology so
that's what I just like I'm really into
tech so I can teach Anatomy even an
Apple product and I'm like I want to try
it out I think it sounds cool so this is
an Amazon echo you guys it's this big
speaker basically and it's an always-on
listening device so it listens for its
keyword for it to start up and it's
basically Siri for the home yeah I
thought I don't carry on your phone
yeah but this one I could just be
walking around the house and I can go
Alexa play music by Bruno Mars
shuffling Bruno Mars from prime music so
it's connect to see like an Amazon music
account and it could play music like
that oh cool and it also can be like
over here and you can be over there
Alexa stop yeah it can be like anywhere
in the house and just really Alexa like
bah blah Alexa what's the weather like
in Los Angeles it's 76 degrees with
clear skies and Sun Alexa tell me a joke
what is black and white and red all over
a sunburn zebra or if you're cooking in
the kitchen and you need to know a quick
thing you could be like Alexa how many
tablespoons are in a cup 1 cup equals 16
tablespoons it's really fast to stuff
like that you know you can make it you
could say settle Alexa set an alarm for
2 minutes 2 minutes starting now
that's kind of cool Holly what you got
what you got show me what you got oh you
got an orange he pushed the chair up
here and went into the fruit basket and
got an orange that's okay that's better
than stealing cookies from the cookie
jar
he's not push it he literally picked it
up and carried it oh really
that's funny Alexa tell me a joke excuse
me waiter this coffee tastes like mud
yes sir it's fresh ground Holly who is
that who is that Holly Tinky's a
Tinkerbell yeah yeah you got Tinker Bell
hop a in
conversations because I'm not saying
anything but they like somehow she
totally cut you off like they understand
each other but yeah your cousins are
here oli we're gonna play okay in the
water yeah we got Olivia to say hey Liv
hanging out with my cousin's at the pool
no one jump in okay I'm watching you boy
I'm watching you boy I'm watching you
you got like one butt cheek hanging out
can I just fix that
Holly's right mama and basically he's
done with a gun now Olivia you can touch
there she thinks she can't touch but you
can't touch yeah go stand next to Missy
but make let your feet touch the bottom
you got Tinkerbell ha
all right we are all done with the pool
and now what are we eating
Olivia Wow Pizza look at that so you got
all the cousins eating pizza pizza and
now we're watching woody I turned on
woody
the kids got pizza they're all happy
BAE's got garlic knots so she's happy
she's taking her heartburn medicine
right now
good
you
is this even real life right now you
guys look at these cookies holy
guacamole miss you made this cookie
dough forever ago and it's still making
amazing huh guys
my chocolate cats and my baby
yeah always be my baby in or that you
think I can walk that I know you can
walk it's just so much more cuter to
carry like this Kenny
oh my gosh what happened all the stuff
Danielle's live and all the kids to come
okay ready one two three
time for bed buddy alright guys that's
all for today's but uh if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up and leave a happy
friendly comment below
buzz say bye oh yeah can you say can you
say goodbye to them oh no yeah yeah
that's fine but I need you to say
goodbye they aren't really on carbonic
oh I can't lie I'm not questioning your
ability of flight buzz I'm just asking
if you could say goodbye how's it pretty
goodbye you only light on fire hell I
don't
Cornell
