it's just a toy box we're gonna
hopefully replace a lot of this stuff
and put all those toys in there so I'm
excited
hey good day your mouth spit it out hey
guys how's it going ally and I are going
on a little shopping adventure today
we actually have a very special guest
coming to hang out with us tonight and
so I wanted to make a really yummy
comfort dinner so I'm gonna be making a
homemade chicken gnocchi soup but one of
the little boys is dairy-free because
he's allergic to dairy so I'm gonna
figure out a way to make it completely
dairy-free so that he can enjoy it also
so yeah we're headed in to do that
Ollie we have some guests coming to
dinner you're gonna be on your best
behavior right by the way you guys we
got the car back and I actually had all
of the seats sealed and the outside
sealed so it stays like news the seats
have like this protection stuff on them
cuz obviously you need that with a
toddler Ollie what's that is that a cow
oh you see chocolate do you see the cow
what does the cow do Moo hoo that's
right all right guys I'm getting milk I
need something to substitute half and
half and that's dairy-free so I'm
getting both of these
almond milk this is original unsweetened
and then I also got the silk coconut
milk that's what the recipe actually
calls for I'm gonna open up both of them
and smell them and make sure that
they're not like flavored or anything
morning guys I just had a wonderful
prenatal massage much much needed I feel
so good like so sad yesterday today I
got my massage and I feel really good
now I'm actually walking over to Ulta
seven meeting to go here for a while and
Bryan's actually doing some shopping so
he's gonna pick me up once he's done so
I've been running out of makeup and I've
like literally not wanted to go to Ulta
so I'm gonna see if I can grab a couple
things dance he was dancing to doc
McStuffins and then when he saw I was
recording you got embarrassed ah we were
at the store all I requested one thing
apples you want Apple here you go take a
big bite
say YUM
I'm getting all my ingredients tonight
for my dairy-free chicken gnocchi soup
just make things a little bit easier Mac
and throw everything together super fast
I think I'm gonna actually end up using
the silk coconut milk because it seems
like it's a little thicker and it
doesn't have as strong of a flavor as
the almond milk so I heard it's good for
cooking with and if you guys want the
dairy-free
chicken gnocchi soup recipe that I'm
following I'll have it linked down below
in the description so click that show
more and you'll see the link down there
for ya toybox came in today and I really
want to try and put it together so I
have laid out all the pieces Ollie is my
helper although I'm not quite sure if
you can consider tearing up little
pieces of styrofoam helping got all
these pieces out and hopefully this is
supposed to make a really cute toy box
I mean I'm gonna tent it might need your
help
but I've got all the tools here and it
says all you is this thing so yeah you
don't general mess up no is enough
seriously though that is actually
happening right now I'm in the process
of using this little wrench which is
actually very difficult to do and screw
this on always do the same good job you
screwing that on how's it look looks
pretty good just gotta do a little bit
more tightening good job he's such a
good helper
you
you
all right check us out oli look look
what we did we've got a board and it's
got four wheels on it you make sure it's
all screwed in again double check and
twist like that I'll hold it in you
twist go turn it turn it turn it it well
that's not turning anything look what I
built I did good huh but there is one
part that I didn't use so it's just a
toy box and we're going to hopefully
replace a lot of this stuff and put all
those toys in there so I'm excited hey
good day your mouth spit it out oh you
get that out of your mouth right now
that's a no-no this room looks so cute
right now and just clean and always got
to tear it apart so here we go show them
your new room this is the toy box it's
super cute actually it doesn't slam down
and it actually has a lip here so that
his fingers won't get stuck and then
I've got his books and he can actually
climb up on this one he can reach his
books on here so that's kind of cool and
then we actually just did this we hung
up our elves look who's here guys we got
Jessica and Chris ballinger presents
yeah right here in the daily bumps
household Ollie and Jacob are already
best friends they're putting together
this little LEGO DUPLO set that they got
him how cool is that buddy it's cool
is that a doggy
the trash cans right around the corner
she's so polite
that's so funny so you were at Legoland
today Jacob what was the coolest thing
you did today
what you got what you got
did you lose it
Parker is about to go for a little Drive
do you like the car hey buddy
Parker and oli are actually super close
in age like two months apart oh this is
so it's just so cool they coming here
and like they see such the playroom
already and they're like digging it yeah
can you go down the slide buddy this
probably isn't the best place for the
slide with the bookcase right there be
careful
oh yeah we're gonna have to change this
babe the slide goes right into the
bookcase oh we think I say buzz whoa
that was a good job let's see your
biggest jump Parker can you do it oh
yeah whoa dude straight killing it whoa
jump Holly Holly Parker jump oh you okay
kids are in bed and if you don't know
Chris is actually a magician so I'm like
I love I love magic wait like did you go
to Hogwarts the fall semester just
started oh my god
so he's actually gonna do a magic trick
for us right now and we're gonna like
guys watch and I get really like freaked
out at magic kind of experiment you've
got a quarter I've got a quarter could
you grab a card as well yeah
I take this one sure and it's okay if I
see it's not that kind of trick but I
would like you to mark the card write
your name if it's how many decks of
cards you have you feel like POSCO so
I'm writing my signature sure that cool
yeah that's good
I also want you to mark up that quarter
a little bit this is not a rule oh my
goodness
Thank You vana one last look at it okay
hold that
okay and then we'll put the card
somewhere in the middle
okay so in the middle you ready we're
actually gonna take the coin and are you
comfortable with a lighter no you're not
I don't know what you mean
I like a lighter like like Matt okay
like like fire yeah we have yeah oh I
have a lighter you have a light I'll go
get a lighter we're gonna hold this
we're watching you
we watch yeah yeah so that they know you
only light on fire hell I don't fire is
this much what that was okay what the
heck did you doubt shouting gasps oh I
guess I don't know I will take all the
cars that have burned through that's my
daughter yes take the card it stopped at
press don't do this to me turn over
say you're perfect oh yeah that's it
yeah that was crazy
oh my gosh yeah it's gone that was cool
thank you that was cool
definitely go on go check out his
channel you guys I'll have a link down
below in the description and if you guys
don't know he actually does magic Monday
videos and we're gonna do a couple of
tricks over on that on that video too
right yeah so that'll be up on his
channel on Monday so go subscribe so you
don't miss his uh next magic Monday X
it's gonna be crazy
Chris just asked me to get Oreos and all
I have our Oreo things like a chip this
is like another good chip I don't know
why they're so amazing it's like all
they did was make him thinner
you've never done it with the thin ones
though mm-hmm okay in fact to start it
off I might need to blow up so it's a
little bigger than watch Russian oh my
gosh I just got bigger
normal Oreo oh my gosh no longer a thin
you want more that's crazy
now that is a magic trick that I can
learn that's amazing
Missy not so much Missy does not like
the cream in the Oreos because she's
weird like that yeah it's amazing yeah
did you eat that that the magic Oreo
you're gonna like put'em ice cream
you're gonna poop a rainbow or something
Wow how did I find that so interesting
Chris but you know this is called such a
fan oh okay Wow
showing all right you guys that is all
for today's vlog we had a fantastic time
hanging out with the Ballinger family if
you guys are not subscribed to them go
check them out I will have them linked
down below in the description really
great family super genuine people all he
also had a ton of fun hanging out with
all the kids so that was pretty cool too
but yeah I'm gonna go ahead and today's
vlog if you guys enjoyed it click the
thumbs up button and leave a happy
friendly comment below if you're not
subscribed subscribe to do so every
single day
oh okay what do you guys think of the
new the new little intro be cool right
ah pretty cool okay it's coming toward
me so that means that the vlog is ending
so say good bye say bye mr. incredible
you got your buddy pulley on the
troubles we don't care
that's okay
