he's still working on the whole for
oh-oh-oh-oh
good morning guys I am in the process of
getting ready I've got my makeup on and
I'm trying to figure what to do with my
hair it has some leftover curls from
yesterday so I'm trying to think if I
can just put in a few more curls and
Nick make it look good it has been such
a rough morning for me I just have been
so emotional my body is just hurt it
aches so bad I'm actually headed to the
chiropractor in just a minute and this
baby is just he's kicking my butt
kicking my butt that's the last part of
my pregnancy and I'm just like I'm just
in pain I don't know I'm in pain and I'm
very very emotional any kind of little
thing that happens I'm just like crying
see last night was rough too I just was
so sick I woke up like choking on acid
reflux and then I just became violently
ill it really just like messed up my
body as well because I was like just
really sick I'm gonna get ready I'm
gonna go to my chiropractor and
hopefully I'll feel a little better as
the day goes on and I can actually
function lolol oh good morning guys I've
got a busy morning today I'm actually
taking the car in right now to Volvo cuz
I got to do a couple of things that they
weren't able to do before I purchased it
so I'm gonna be getting that done I've
got my little pumpkin in here watching a
movie this is so nice
when I'm trying to get ready and having
a rough morning he can say here looks
like someone's here you can sit here and
watch a movie on Mama's bed huh check it
out you guys new car
yeah we got another new car just kidding
yes I am in a new Volvo but it's not
mine I actually had to take the car and
this morning you get a couple things
done or installing a LoJack system which
is important for a car of that nature
there also be doing some sealant stuff
programming a new key updating the
navigation all that good stuff so they
gave me a loaner car so this is the
Volvo s60 and it's nice it's like a nice
little sedan so I just got a couple
things to do today but first I got to
take care of a hungry troll inside here
who keeps roaring at me roaring roaring
roaring a weird word I have been to the
chiropractor and I'm actually my my body
is feeling a lot better I've got lunch
and look I did my hair which honestly
all makes me feel better except sitting
there getting ready and I was like I
don't want to do my hair but when I do
it it always just makes me feel better
and it doesn't take me that long so I
don't know why I always complain about
my hair with my mom she makes me feel
better too I got all the people that
make me feel better
everybody makes you feel better hang out
with me right now Brian's home now so
that's good he's been so busy and gone
so much I think that's also been like
why I've been more like emotional and
feeling stressed because he's always
like there to like help and like do
stuff and so when he's not it like
throws me off I think nice that he is
home today
and we can hang out and have a little
fun I came home and Cassie was
struggling to put Holly to sleep so I
went in there and all I had to do was
sing his lullaby the lullaby that I
normally sing to him it kind of came out
from like comforting him to go to sleep
and he went right to sleep it was really
awesome that's the lullaby you guys it's
going to be on the EP released later
this year you guys will hear Finley's
lullaby sooner but today Missy and I are
going to be signing more posters that's
right we sold out of signed posters
again so we're gonna be adding more to
the shop if you want to get one go get
your hands on one they go fast you guys
I'm really surprised I'm glad you guys
love the signed posters so definitely go
check those out link down below in the
description but yeah Missy and I are
gonna sit down and get to sign in these
bad boys
hey karma is all yep he's only awake
should we go get him I hear a baby and
I'm right hey did you want my mom and
Auntie and he's not here anymore
you got a soldier and woody that looks
pretty fun he did not take a very long
nap but I think he's ready to get up yay
it's like crazy that he just waits til I
get in here he's gonna wait for probably
like 10 minutes or so just in here
hanging out waiting for me you want to
get out your some toys oh you're putting
your toys away amazing oh yeah oh yeah
going down the slide going down the
slide good job good job buddy
oh did you just I heard that Missy
and I have been signing a ton of posters
yes and now we're gonna have Ollie sign
a bunch to thank these are all the
signed ones and then we have a stack of
some for Ollie to sign so let me
Mama's gonna help him sign some posters
Jason okay
Mama's gonna help you okay you hold it
and hold it was this hand
yeah is that if right hand making yeah
righty oh yeah I'll be all e again okay
you got to finish your signature buddy
yeah one of these Mike yeah that's okay
as long as it's not the table he's so
happy cannot let him do it but oh yeah
I'm gonna get a postman to ruin what
being ruined it'll have Ali's love on it
go ahead Ali that's the cake yeah nice
hard and what let's do only me ah like
signing Ali
Oh Alice Alice what are you doing down
there why are you writing on your foot
good job that was really special see if
you guys order a poster with the link
down below in the description you may
get one that has all these love on it
isn't that sweet good job buddy can I
get a high five yeah
all right go play auntie's here she came
to hang out for a few minutes um they
just come back and forth all day long
girl we wondering like why they always
there because we like to hang out with
each other but anyways I just ordered a
toy net which by the way I probably
could have easily gone to Toys R Us and
just bought one of these but I have
really just recently discovered how fun
online shopping is so I've been online
shopping and like I was like sure you
can bring me one of these to my door and
I don't have to go to Toys R Us to go
get it
anyway this is stuffed animal net to
hang up all your stuffed animals because
I have like a ton of them and he really
doesn't play with them he kinda just
knocked them all over everything and he
doesn't play with them so I think I want
to try it in this corner hopefully it
looks good it doesn't look absolutely
ridiculous so I'm gonna try and hang it
up right here alright I think I have
about half of his tumbling down the
middle I kind of over stumped it but I
feel like I only got like half of his
stuffed animals I think he has like a
ton more downstairs fries you'd be like
what the heck all you have to do
literally is like tap this and they'll
all come tumbling down I don't know if
that's gonna work for very long I
remember my mom actually hung an actual
hammock and had all of our stuffed
animals like in a hammock
yeah it was when we I don't even know if
you were born yet but I remember the
shed like a hammock of stuffed animals
and it was pretty cool we really liked
the Karma's trapped under the table get
out get out there you go there you go
good job boy Oh give me kiss away the
Karma can you give all your kiss all
he's gonna give you a kiss watch out
he's like okay I'm going back into the
table alright everybody I got the
posters in the back and
I'm heading to the post office to ship
them out to the distributor so the
distributor should have them tomorrow
and then they'll start fulfilling orders
so if you've been waiting on a poster
for a while it's because you're waiting
for one of these we sell out fast you
guys so it's like we can hardly keep
them stuck I don't know how much longer
we can keep restocking but yeah if
you're waiting for a poster it should be
there very shoe and soon soon there we
go again with words that I don't know if
they're actually words shewn is
definitely not a word Brian what do you
think I just redid the room he's gonna
say that so waiting for his toy boxes we
have an actual toy box coming in which
would probably tell them bookshelves yes
ones in his room and these ones I kind
of want them to be like right here and
then I want his toy box right here and
then it will kind of cover that up and
then I would love to get rid of this
thing use this for shoes yeah mmm yeah
this is like the main entryway when you
walk in my house so I kind of want it to
be just look a little bit better
I probably I'm going to be doing anyway
all about although maybe I'll call it
something out and I was here what I'll
call again the she is filming always to
your update in his room right now I'm
spying on them Xion is TP oh yes I see
it moving there he is sounds like he's
being a little crazy dinnertime in the
DB how is that good and Ramona made
dinner for my fam cuz I love you guys
you get to eat okay only cuz of my love
oli say clean okay he does not like
being messy this meal he eats the pasta
with his hands and then he tries it with
a fork but then it just slips off yeah
he's still working on the whole four oh
oh oh oh so clubs they go that happens
almost almost
Killick really wants it
did you yeah so we give him a nap hey
don't rub your hands on your shirt for
me to watch to see he rubs his hands on
his shirt then he takes a napkin and
cleans off a shirt napkin logic when
you're a toddler I guess say boat time
Steph time you guys this kid stinks
I don't know why he smells so bad he had
a shower yesterday he literally smells
like poop feel like you're taking a bath
tonight I'm going to soak my feet yes I
need to soak my feet today has just been
hard my whole body is my tummy hurts
like it just hurts so bad and oh I'm not
meaning to complain I honestly I just I
want it I want to tell you what I'm
feeling you know and today's been rough
and some days aren't as your off but
today didn't have I keep looking outside
it it's so pretty let me stay I can show
you do you see those like purple clouds
it looks like there's kind like pink
cotton candy in the in the sky and
though I can't talk I mean I want to
tell you guys I've been following this
channel for a while and she's like
amazing I swear that she should be way
bigger than she is because she is
absolutely hilarious her name is
Stephanie Jackson and she does um sort
of like a trying to conceive type of
episode she's like tryna get pregnant
anyway she just found out she is
pregnant and they are literally the most
hilarious videos ever in the series now
is called does this baby make me look
back actually I think that's what her
channel is called does this baby make me
look fat but she's been trying for over
a year and a half get pregnant she has
just some hilarious trying to conceive
videos I've watched every single one and
I only found her you're like a few
months ago and I was like I need to
watch every on every single episode
they're amazing so I'm gonna link her
down below she just found out she's
pregnant so go subscribe go support her
go let her know how happy you guys are
for her and definitely congratulate her
in the comments because I know it was a
rough rough trying to conceive but she
had so much fun with it and she's just a
hilarious person this is what a channel
looks like and I will link this down
below so you
guys can watch it he is gonna help bring
me now I can't wait to see all her
comedic material when it comes it up
anyways
I'm gonna give this kid about any some
soap on him now oli what are you wearing
your woody you excited to wear woody kid
is all ready for bed guess what guess
what come here come here come here
prepare a video he don't smell like poop
anymore he's crawling in the bed
yes guys if you didn't know he sneaks
under the bed oh hey I'm stuck get out
he doesn't sleep under the bed you guys
we are performing a rescue mission right
now did you get your toy thank you all
right get it out all right okay you got
your toy okay
all right guys simple small if you
enjoyed it with you guys tomorrow
bye face
yeah
discounting all the places
we go now
we'd overcome
Oh
