is the fish gonna be okay what did you
do all these good morning Ollie are
those minions were you so excited to see
minions huh
he's like I'm excited to be out of bed
good morning go in your tepee
go ahead go play in your tepee that's
fine you want your cool new minion
pillow in there oh he is gone hey Ollie
you want to go get some breakfast what
would you like what would you like for
breakfast
you want food huh
you want food okay let's go get food
this kid wakes up and then he's like
good time
get me downstairs now he's so silly good
morning guys I'm up with ollie took a
great shower this morning
Thank You Allie for that amazing shampoo
and conditioner still I love it
come on now I am going to make Ollie
some breakfast climb up in your chair
can you climb up in your chair I'll get
you some milk in a banana if you climb
up in your chair
good job now turn around I will get you
one I'm gonna get you one turn around
there you go all right let's get you
some food
course one banana oh you want an apple I
just got you a banana what okay
of course one redo okay got bread and
banana for you okay
is that what you wanted okay
he loves that pumpkin bread huh pumpkin
bread actually makes an amazing
breakfast cuz if you like heat it up and
you butter it and it's all warm and
amazing and here's your milk to little
guy make sure you eat your banana okay
you're all about that bread did you know
that minions eat bananas ollie
yeah they do
they're so cute in the morning you know
that you can add a kiss good morning to
you too karma hey boy hey good morning
Karma hi hi did you have a good morning
P did you have a good morning P your
karma
you better not bother Ollie while he's
eating you know he gets mad when you try
still as food k morning guys today has
been such a good morning I feel like
we've been super productive today karma
is excited I don't know why all are you
excited to Brian just got me a yoga ball
because when we're at the birth pass I
sat on one oh it's a surprise look I
can't even see it at all and even tell I
can't tell it all no yoga or it's like
it's like a yoga ball it's pretty cool
so yeah I sat on one day at a great pass
and I was like oh this is nice I really
should get one you just helps spin in
your belly so easy
into like a whole position where I'm
like if you breed yeah like this is
crazy so this will help keep it all he's
excited cuz why what is that he wants to
see let him see all he sit on your ball
like mama sit on it
oh my gosh this is adorable ball buddies
yeah and then go side to side these are
what she told us at the class
side-to-side and then wrap 360 hey Ollie
do you need help he's like no this is
exactly where I want to be okay I am at
my 36th week appointment right now and
we're actually getting ready to check
the baby and see if he's head down and
in the right position which I think he
is although he does sometimes get into
like the craziest position so I'm like
are you head down I don't know
hey I was talking about that this
morning actually this is a exciting
appointment 36 weeks super close to 37
and it's getting real it's getting
really real when I look at these
pictures oh my god crap is that gonna be
me all right so that's clearly ahead yep
it's down that's a head that's a head
down
lots of them the otic fluid over here
see the heart moving yep those lines are
ribs mm-hmm everything what's good so do
you know what but up here oh this is a
butt okay cool yeah there's a butt honey
he's not posterior right no he is
posterior okay
Holly what you got there Apple yeah I'll
eat our lunch at Panera Bread and I got
something new I got this roasted turkey
cranberry flatbread because tis the
season what you want oh that is hot yeah
that's my hot soup Missy is off to have
your doctor's appointment so Ali and I
are grabbing a quick bite before I gotta
go get my hair cut
how's that grilled cheese good okay
and of course buzz had to join us okay
cool all right I have to get a vaccine
and I'm like so beyond stressed about it
it's gonna hurt so badly like I'd
actually get a shot I'm really stressed
about it I feel like I'm actually gonna
cry stop recording that way you guys can
see the tears but there's a way better
payoff when you're done I can't sleep on
your side you can do it early hell but
it wakes you up strong be strong be
strong be strong be strong be strong
okay it is good oh my god that is all
nice to know that the needles out right
okay oh my god
all right I've lost my appointment and
everything went good
maybe he's head down although he is back
to posterior meaning his head is looking
up and when you had to look down but
that's okay like he has plenty of time
to still move to that position not to
mention even during labor he can move to
that position but I did have to get a
shot and I was super super nervous about
it as you guys saw and then it literally
did not hurt I'm officially 36 weeks out
of tomorrow and that means if Labour
does start which hopefully it doesn't
for a while but if it does start they
are not going to stop it so if I start
having like early labor certain type of
symptoms that I'm just gonna let them go
and let it happen she did say that I am
having contractions they're not Braxton
Hicks the arc attractions they're not
like labor contractions but whether
they're doing anything to make cervix or
not I don't know we had checked out or
anything but doesn't really mean
anything until I start they start
getting close together stronger and they
start changing my cervix that's when it
gets exciting yeah so we filmed Missy's
belly cast video for her channel so it
should be up there shortly but now like
she's a complete mess super fun that cuz
like I I wouldn't say that I'm lopsided
but he definitely does favor this side
and then look what we got going on over
here
Aly is cuddling with aunty you're
watching woody going through all the
little Toy Story ones are you hanging
out with aunty Olly and Mimi
okay so check out my living room right
now it is a disaster I am going through
all kinds of baby stuff I have gone
through all his blanket and decided what
I want to keep and what I want to not
keep I'm getting ready yes
getting ready to send these cloth
diapers to my friend Heidi kamek oh her
yeah cool
yeah go get some geese there yeah that's
just some of the newborn ones and then I
have a whole nother oh there's a whole
nother pile there oh yeah
and I believe I have a whole nother pile
but I can't seem to find them turns of
receiving blankets and I'm actually
donating quite a few clothes and like
receiving blankets and things that I'm
like and I think I'll I don't need that
many and then I just found like oh look
at these hats oh and like and these hats
like there's so many like cute little
things that never were a couple times
but those jackets I found a whole stash
of binky's tons of binky's and stuff so
yeah I'm just going through it trying to
figure out what I want to keep when I'm
throwing away what I'm donating and all
that gonna be okay what did you do ollie
okay no come here
stop eating kids gonna flop around put
them in the water put it on is he okay
he's okay I need to clean over the whole
bowl now oh poor fishy I'm sure it's
fine he's vegan you've carried on and he
put his not the villain he was feeding
the fish he thought that the fish wasn't
getting proper nutrition oh I hope that
fish is gonna be okay
alright we're getting ready for bed
Angie's here helping you get ready huh
you getting ready for night-night
he's got woody and Jessie he's a little
upset that bu ZZ
isn't here right now but that one is
very hard and plasticky and he makes so
much sound I love you did you say 99 -
and the Mamas can get in bed with you
okay well relax all right bedtime is a
little bit rougher than I thought it was
gonna go anyway I hope you guys enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up if you did
and we will see you guys tomorrow can
you say bye bye
