good morning you guys this is a fortune
from yesterday's dinner it says enjoy
the fine Goods life has to offer and
friends with whom to share it and look
what we're doing we are hanging out with
our friends eating breakfast
Missy made biscuits and gravy which is
amazing you're basically the best babe
yes get it girl
oli and Jackson are munching on some of
that pumpkin bread too which is lasting
a lot longer than I thought in this
house oh definitely that's just the
first loaf of this season yeah first
loaves biscuits and gravy life though so
good you want food yeah
you have oat melon and pumpkin bread and
pancakes in front of you and wait what
is that in your mouth right now can you
give that to Ellie give it to Ellie
Jackson's like that's mine they just
they just BFF so they share everything
diapers you know yeah so we aren't
getting ready to leave we're headed to
lunch but about 30 minutes ago we put
all units for him just have some quiet
time and like relax
thank you fell asleep
the cutest thing ever I'm gonna go in
there and he's just like kind of resting
right now do that Brian's fault because
it was his idea
hi baby you trying to rest here you want
dad to stand it so quickly you're gonna
get a head rush he as you can see he had
to lay down with the brush you got Bed
Head again are you ready let's go well I
guess that rest was good bye so crazy
how quickly he can just like wake up and
just like be going I'm coming downstairs
right now okay we are headed to lunch
and guess where we're going we're going
to fun I didn't think we'd be back soon
I'm so excited Nelly has never been and
so they're excited to try it
Brian's been wanting to go again so like
I didn't hate it I had something else
other than five had like just like
noodles and deep and it was actually
really good and but yeah but have a
really fun day I'm really excited to get
a massage le in the button what bye hey
Olli what do you do with that spoon show
me show me again so just in a little bit
of maneuvering and we have all the boys
in this car and me and Ellie are gonna
take this car and we're headed Jarvis
I'm so excited we decided to get
massages since we're the mommies so they
all piled in there let's do this soon
China's been fun massage is green and my
aunt's been telling me all about it she
said it's amazing prenatal girl yeah she
for me one hour later we were not
feeling good like our powerful
yeah and we facing amazing doesn't that
I've ever that was the best song ever it
really wasn't like seriously wanted like
my best massages Jared and I are at the
mall with the kids and Mama's just
showed up all he look who's over there
that's mama yeah you're worried you
don't know ever get a break what are you
talking about like let's go get in the
car mama look at that all he's chasing
these people I'm the little motorized
scooter things maybe we'll go on one of
those get in there kid how was your
massage really that's cool him and
Jackson just loved this car you guys
he's fine he's a kid he's got it oh you
okay buddy
all right oli we're at the playground in
the splash park you got to be a good boy
okay
are you excited what do you see that you
want to play with do you want to go go
we are taking the me come to the little
splash pad parts that got here it's a
hot day it's sunny galleys like I'm
gonna be out there
and look who we got here guys the Family
Fun Pack kid say hey we're meeting up at
Family Fun Pack and we got the whole
crew in the water they're going crazy
good so cool you guys the water feels
amazing
oli is already so it took like a whole
20 seconds huh
all right we're taking a break from the
water and now we are over at the
playground you driving buddy
steer the steering wheel you got to
steer the whole ship there you go
there you go there's no food here no
sorry there you go
the slides here are fast
all right we're trying to get a picture
with all the little boys they're all
about two years old got Michael ollie we
just gotta get Jackson in there and I go
and Ollie are actually just like a month
and a half apart so you put your arm
around fun with the family fun time
he's going to have so much fun at the
park they literally passed out as soon
as we got in the car yeah we got to the
meetup with Family Fun Pack which is
another channel here on YouTube
and if you guys have to check them out
definitely go check them out and
subscribe
they're our cute little family they have
five kids that's a lot of kids so it's
gonna be something interesting going on
over there right brand I just walked in
and Rex was actually eating minion and
he was like nom nom nom he came home and
he was so sad like I think he was super
overdone and I like I literally just
like threw him in the hot tub to swim
for a little bit he was super happy and
then he went and saw Mimi and Papa for a
minute because we had to drop something
off and he was so happy I think he's
really miss Mimi and Papa but it is
finally okay it's finally time for bed
for bed we got Buzz Lightyear here he's
hanging out with his best pal woody and
Jessie and Rex Rex have to sleep in yeah
he's like the third wheel yeah I think
the nation yeah I don't know look at
this he's so weird though I know anyways
guys we're going to go ahead and the
vlog like I said we had a really fun day
and if you guys haven't you should check
out Ellie and Jared's video from today
cuz they log too and it was really fun
and go subscribe while you're there if
you have it if you haven't subscribe to
them I don't know why you have it cuz
they're our best friends so yeah we're
gonna end the vlog we're gonna have a
really fun day tomorrow so excited for
tomorrow so give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
tomorrow
I don't know why
