good morning guys this morning Ollie and
I are both on a mission ain't that right
buddy
the way
I picked up the Volvo the other day and
because I want to get it early to
surprise Missy they actually didn't load
any of the navigation so see that says
navigation not available please load map
via USB so we actually made an
appointment and they're gonna do it all
then but I actually found out you can do
it yourself if you have a USB Drive you
just download the files and then plug it
into your car and it will do it all so I
am now sitting outside of Best Buy my
favorite store in the entire world and
I'm gonna get a USB Drive because as
much of a tech guy as I am I don't
really own a whole lot of USB drives
what about the baby you see a baby where
show the baby oh that's a minion is that
a minion baby oh he's so cute
I put the sunroof open so that you can
like look out he really enjoys like
looking up at the sky now we're actually
looking for a USB Drive ollie
that's a notebook drive upgrade kit
though
we don't need that can you find a USB
Drive though because that's what I need
20 USB Drive aha that is that was not a
dog judging by what's on the screen I'm
not sure I want only to see this right
now all he wants to do is watch the
cheetah attack the zebra on the TV Holly
it's like that ride at Disneyland when
they were like oh look at that sleeping
zebra being guarded by those cheetahs
okay alright well I guess it's science
right thanks for carrying my bag boy
appreciate it
morning guys
oh I know I don't look very good and I'm
actually very sick well not very sick I
just I got like a little stuffed up nose
runny nose and not like I'm pretty tired
and all that but I just met with my
doula and I'm so bummed because I was
gonna introduce her and like show you in
like talk with her okay so you guys
could like meet her and stuff but we sat
here for like two hours that's what
she's got though she was but she's not
there anymore
we she left it I feel so bad so I was
what's the vlog for my mom's here cuz
she was helping me she my mom honestly
knows me better than me sometimes I'm
like mom what do I want far as my birth
put do I want anyone touching me I don't
know so if you don't know what I do is
I'll just say really quick basically she
is the person who's gonna be helping me
during labor so she's not like a doctor
anything she'll be helping me with labor
emotionally and physically I mean she
will kind of be there to help with like
pain and making sure that I'm like
coping and she's just kind of like a
really big support in the room she'll
probably help us labor a lot at home and
then we'll go to the hospital and she'll
be there as well and so we kinda have to
be on the same page as far as birth
plans so that she knows what I want and
what I need kind of help with working
with the doctors as well so they know
what I want and what I need as you guys
can see we broke out a lot of my oils
and she was helping me with what I need
to be using right now especially because
I know
good what do you say we get some flowers
for Mama can you smell them no no no
don't touch don't touch can you smell
that's all he smells flowers pretty
stinking cute wet target grabbing some
essentials like fruit and dinners all
he's got his Sofia he say Sofia Sofia
the first and I got a iced tea from
Starbucks holy cow we got so much done
you guys I got some really good dinners
for the rest of the week and some food
to put in the house since we've been
gone for a while now I'm headed back to
the house can you show them your tracker
Oh on your tummy you got a sticker a
tummy yet so cool let me think it's like
take it off take it out that's where you
put it
you like is it a doggy
hey wait we're matching I know oh my
gosh I have the EJ and you have the
Ellie and Jared game sure so I literally
texted Ellie on like I never want to
take it off I will be ready start the
restaurant oh I bet that makes I bet
that makes Jared really happy it's like
stretchy and soft it's amazing look what
I found
okay seriously I looked all over the
store and I'm sent like two different
people looking for them no one could
find them and then as I was leaving they
were like on a summer end and I was like
yes Oreo thins they're so cute look at
that pretty good we don't get
your teeth we're so good here you want
baby oh you want the whole thing hey
what do you think hey hey camera mode
what do you think buddy on the gun it's
a butter dish I don't know why that's
there okay yeah no they're good
seriously you guys these are so cool
they're just like so thin and easy to
eat I love it okay so we're in the car
we're actually headed to my mom's
because we have this thing in the car
and it's all girls go dog go fetch
machine and we're gonna go take it over
and play fetch we wanted to try it out
other Karma for a while because he's so
fetch crazy but until we get a place
with enough yard space he can't really
do it at our house yeah I'm gonna go get
me a box yeah and like we love playing
fetch with him but like our arm
literally hurts before he's done yeah
put it in there and then it shoots it
for you hey ya know figure it out yeah
Oh
Wow
that was intense guys
oh boy get it boy
you
you
go fetch the ball Ollie hey we could use
this thing for the Ducks and for him
it works you guys I'm installing the
maps now yay I used the new USB that I
got installed all the maps on it plugged
it in and it finally worked making some
dinner I am doing this chicken and
mozzarella ravioli that I found at
Target they smell really good and it's
just like these big raviolis so I'm
going to boil those up and then we're
going to toss them in a little bit of
pesto sauce that I got and eat some
bread
all right babe dry raviolis tell me what
you think oh good they smell good I mean
I realize that nothing has ever in them
except for cheese I guess so
really yeah that's often really good -
really yeah I love it
I win that's all he's being a monkey
tonight need a banana both dozen I was
pregnant
looking at pictures that's not mama
Oh was that that was when we took him -
I - I'll remember uh-huh for the
Christmas tree lighting
yeah looks so cute we definitely do that
just some of this winter with both of
the boys and all it was like to get more
square frames and put our favorite in
Scripture I know I love this this wall I
have a visa Jared I'm picking up my
child have heard that feel like my
belly's been like rip in half so like
Brian we help me carry him upstairs
putting him to bed tonight we're still
unpacking as well I'm almost done at
packing though I'm so excited because
when Donna and packy I don't have to
pack again for a very long time
hopefully well I guess I do have to pack
to go to the hospital bride yeah we need
a hospital bag yep
you
ah good job got to get them pearly
whites all white ah he never says it he
just like that
sure even fit you anymore it's pretty
tight huh like it fits him and what is
this twelve months a 12-month yeah I
mean guys it's probably a little small
he's just a little boy he's a tiny
little boy no are you a baby Oh Jacob
baby oh I just miss my belly in half all
did that hurt baby you gotta be careful
I like it stretch over here I do not
know how to not have stretch marks you
know I feel my belly go check this out
you guys I got the maps working I'm so
excited this is Los Angeles looks like
there is a lot of traffic and stuff
going on so I'm glad we're not there
also I love it puts a little mini map in
between the wheel things too I've
basically just been working on the car
all day you know I'm basically a
mechanic now hashtag not really
definitely enjoying the new car such a
huge blessing so I thought hey I'll come
out here and end the vlog in it anyway
that's all for today's vlog guys I hope
you enjoyed it if you did give it a
thumbs up subscribe to our channel cuz
we put out a video every single day here
and if you guys didn't see Missy's new
video that's linked to below as well so
go check it out also if you want to let
this song is playing that's actually my
song I have a couple original songs on
iTunes you can click the screen or you
can check out the links below in the
description as well for that to thank
you guys so much for watching and we'll
see you manana oh hey we need another
word for like tomorrow or later or
something in another language so let me
know in the comments what we should
start using thank you guys we'll shoot
tomorrow manana whew
what is happening right now what we do
