Missy brought me cupcakes oMG going to
transport them oh okay
you
we are on our flight home we are so
tired in it early in the morning
ready yeah we have a five-hour flight
ahead of us hopefully it goes fast
because
but I got my eye mask and I've got
pillows and blankets I kind of hopefully
sleep even watch a couple percent
self-study night do that camera I
slaughtered
and I'm ready for
you
we went
and I'm so sick you guys I I just got
really nauseous over in the air and
luckily I held it back so we landed
pretty good yeah I don't know what it
was I mean I ate this morning breakfast
but I think I just need more food um and
I think the airplane ride did make me a
little nauseous so anyways we're
grabbing about the luggage and I'm so
excited brian is here to pick us up and
I can't wait to see him and Ollie and
guys only yeah he has ollie
I can't wait to cuddle them and go home
and sleep I look horrible
flights do that to me alright we have
our luggage just waiting for Brian I'm
ready to get in my car I think I see my
husband but he is not in the same car
that I was expecting what is happening
right now
Bryan Lanning what did you do is this
the car that we were looking at the car
of your dreams we have been waiting for
this car forever but I did not know he
was going to go get it without me hi
don't get you to monkey bar are you
through up no kiss then huh I love you
okay we can fit everything Wow yes we're
like a big old family now I miss you
know it's not like get me out of here
mom netiquette give my my kiss Holly oh
I think it is using me you're using me
you miss mama and then fed I've eaten
food and I feel a lot better don't feel
nauseous I feel exhaust
but I don't feel sick so that's nice
we're in our new car what do you think
of the new car babe it is so nice like
we've tried we've drove it around a
little bit before we got it before we've
like we just were looking at it and we
knew like this is the car we wanted is
so much easier not having to like lean
down and put all the into oh yeah
cars honestly gorgeous Lhasa give you
like a full tour the cool thing about it
is you can't see right now but there is
three rows so the back row there's
actually is a toothy 5:33 signature
since there's so those two seats in the
very back so that allows shot of them
it's like a normal person can say yeah
yeah so we have this of them validate
down store yeah so we're not using those
seats will help tons of storage space
like groceries and stuff like that
obviously we're going to have a baby
back there very soon the dream yes check
this out but wait wait for it it still
goes keeps going yeah it's called a
panoramic panoramic moonroof yeah and
that all like opens would you say
probably like something it's open right
yeah here's what it looks like over here
look how beautiful it is I love this
yeah okay so this is like the size of an
iPad and it's very lazy and fast like
touch yeah songs or to answer phone it's
really user friendly my hips are in so
much pain and I've been having like a
lot of like aches and stuff and so I
told my jewel about it and she was like
call the chiropractor today so I called
the chiropractor and they're like get
over here right now and so I have an
hour to get to the chiropractor you know
I just land on it and taking this girl
home I'm just dropping her off at the
car okay
but their life ever stopped me right
Ollie and I are now at Babies R Us and
now that we have a nice car with nice
leather seats we want to protect them
because honestly the car seat that we
have basically destroyed the seat that
it's in in the Prius it's really bad and
those aren't even leather that's cloth
now that we have leather seats we want
to make sure they're protected so I am
grabbing one of these elite to see
Guardian Plus and it basically just goes
under the car seat and protects that
side so when he kicks it doesn't get on
and it doesn't like put in dents in the
seat or anything I didn't go pocket
which is pretty cool huh what you want
to push a button he's seen buttons
everywhere he just wants to push them
all all day every day I'm home and I
take a shower and actually didn't go to
the chiropractor and it went awesome and
I already feel like she attends better
but I really want to go through a
suitcase so I gotta go um you went to
laundry but inside is a lot of treasures
and I think only knows it because he's
really trying to get it you want some
treasures changer nothing yet first I
got something for Brian cool oMG I love
it it's cool huh yeah thank you babe it
does seem New York under it too that's
cool I didn't know I was getting
presents you see all sad apparently
she's with Aladdin now the Disney person
like that when I bought it
they're like wow endless I kind of get
him Elsa too because he loves Elsa so
he's got Elsa and then we've got a Holly
this guy's name is Aladdin can you say a
lot in Latin so this one is Ali's and
this one is Finn's you baby brothers
isn't that cool oh I got you watch this
horses
whoa
I guess what by the way we got to keep
all the clothes that we modeled for
JCPenney so like I have that dress yeah
Nike tennis shoes cool cool um a couple
like did you give you those heels too
yeah oh my gosh they even getting more
Hills look at these heels holy cow so
cute that's awesome yeah and I got these
those are cool yeah they're like just
keep it take what are you are like okay
not cool
whoa nice job Missy brought me cupcakes
oMG tried to transport him oh they're
okay they're probably not gonna be as
fresh and delicious yeah um actually
someone posted a link on today's vlog
and said that you can order them oh you
can yeah that is so funny how is it all
right we are showing the new car off to
Jim and Jimmy Missy
you should see this engine check this
out watch great reveal whoa it's so
clean look at Isis it will ever love
yeah what do you think Dad that is
really like there's name is where you
got to pull the thing down hold it up
something to collapse on you yeah look
at this bad boy
yes nice I'm gonna be I have I had no
idea what what's going on there like did
you want to look at the engine yeah no
that's okay give this to Papa it sound
so through you wear the st. Croix one
cool now you got New York one oh my gosh
oh my gosh grab it take it from his
hands yeah
coffee aqua hot chocolate in there mama
hey everybody guess whose birthday it is
Shepard Oh Jefferson my logic are you
Jeffrey and you run away Jefferson Jeff
key gently hates when I call him Jeffrey
you want to be Jeff oh yes I wanted my
okay when you're 30 I'll call you Jack
you've got one more year 29 today you
guys sad it's so sad yes we're all
celebrating our pizza place and Ollie is
loving these little machines things and
you spin up key spin it like this spin
it spin it oh it felt what is that a
balloon it's a balloon ollie
what is that Ollie a loon all he is
eating a carrot right now and by his
face I'm not sure how he feels about it
take about a carrot or a bite
like red bunny is the trying to put the
whole thing in its mouth and it's got
Pizza time are you eating your pizza
yeah um good job buddy
alright you guys so we just got back
from the pizza place and if you don't
know this car actually has cameras all
around it so what it can do is it can
generate a 360-degree view around the
car and it looks really weird when we're
in the garage I'm going to show you so
there's the cartoon version of our car
you can see the prius to the left you
can see the water bottles to the right
you can see the door up there you can
tap on all the individual cameras but
i'm gonna go ahead and lower the garage
door and you guys can see it's kind of
scary scare something it's gonna chop
our car in half whoa there it is oh gosh
door closing oh and it is successful so
crazy yeah I guess what I'm getting
ready for good where's mama huh can't
your mama get why did you miss mama oh
did your forward daddy daddy daddy would
be so much fun I just say okay this
picture short on oh you guys I'm so
excited to be home yeah I get to put my
little boy to bed I get to cut on the
couch with my husband it's been a long
week it's been exciting and fun and
crazy and amazing and I'm so ready to be
home and just totally start focusing on
giving birth oh my gosh I got to say how
proud of Brian I am like he did so good
mom's gone sometimes I don't give him
enough credit because you know as a mom
you tend to do everything you're like
can they really do it when you're not
there he did great you know he totally
degree and I know he would is just it
was really nice and to like see and I
think all I really enjoyed daddy time ha
did you enjoy Dada yeah is that fun Dada
Dada anyways I'm putting all in a bed
I'm gonna rock him in the rocking chair
and he's gonna fall asleep on me and be
one happy mama
and then I'm going to go lay down
actually I'll probably clean up a little
bit give this video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and we will see you guys
tomorrow
say bye bye a cutie thumbs up thumbs up
say bye I remember it comes in girl
hiding behind glasses I was just a
lonely boy always skipping classes Oh
