good morning guys so today is September
7 this has always been kind of a weird
day for Missy and I for those of you who
have followed us for a while you'll know
but if you've only been following us
recently
September 7th was actually the day that
Missy delivered our second little boy
before Olly when she was pregnant right
before Olly she delivered him still
we have stillbirth and she went through
the labor process and delivered him and
it was one of those moments I think that
kind of just changes you forever so
every year this day rolls around and
it's it's weird for us we don't know
what to do we don't know how to do it I
think the best thing for us to do on
days like this is kind of just be
together as a family and you know just
be thankful for Oliver and for Finley
who's coming soon it's just a weird day
it's always been a weird day for us if
you go back and watch the year-ago vlogs
it's always just been a weird day for us
I think where we're at right now and I
think we're at a place right now with
the whole situation where we're really
at peace with it and I think we've been
at peace with it for years I don't know
if we've ever said that vocally but we
definitely are we are very grateful for
the boy we have now Oliver and you know
the boy that we're going to have Finley
after we had Oliver it kind of healed a
lot of hurting that we had but when you
don't have that it's just so hard so
really if you've ever experienced
anything like a stillbirth or a
miscarriage like our hearts go out to
you guys we know how it feels and you
know we struggled we struggled with that
pain for a long time until we were able
to have Oliver it never really goes away
but it does get better so today you know
we're just gonna kind of remember him
and be together as a family but I
thought it would also be a good
opportunity just to sit down with Missy
and do a little Q&A so I have some
questions that we're gonna be getting
from Twitter I'm just going to answer a
couple of fun questions Missy and I
haven't really had an opportunity
together to answer questions you know
about Finley and about more kids and
stuff like that she usually does q and
A's on her channel but we don't really
don't want on the daily bumps you know
so I thought
this might be good opportunity for us to
just sit down and answer a couple of
Twitter questions for you baby
do some he's gonna kick ready ready I'll
kick you yeah yeah no wait we watch much
consume it right here do you feel oh it
was addressed your brother's name
min you can call it min if you want it's
gonna call a minion baby - can you say
fan hey thing are you tired
mm-hmm yeah time mama waiting on your
baby brother Han buddy guess what so
soon he's gonna be are so soon one of
those even is so jealous
yeah Apple and you're gonna have an
apple if you have an apple and thin
cannot so you're the owner of that novel
yep
you have to be you have to learn to be a
good big brother though okay buddy gonna
be a big brother you're gonna be a good
brother are you gonna take care of your
baby
yeah you're gonna give them kisses and
hugs right can you give baby a kiss
can't get the baby kissing Ali can you
give the baby a kiss this is Papa have
apples yeah and maybe her knuckles okay
in Antiochus do they share with you and
give you apples yeah absolutely
yeah give him my hog now you get my kiss
right here and stick one
I think it's ticking ticking ticking
tick tick tick all the baby tickle the
baby not the baby today down he
remembered Olli get out of there the
baby's gonna be you got take a nap say 9
8 - baby in naptime he doesn't wanna go
down he wants to play with us ma you're
dead that kiss mmm I love you
time for nap time for this little guy
Carolyn's been as cute
hey baby I love you alright guys QA time
thank you for all the questions you sent
us with the hashtag asked daily bumps be
sure that you're following both Missy
night on Twitter so that we can do fun
things like this more often links are
down below in the description we're just
going to hop right into it and answer
these questions I sent us Helena asks
what's your favorite thing about Ali's
new room definitely his bed being able
to crawl in and cuddle yes and I love
his TP because he can like lay in there
and play with his toys and stuff
daily mom's fan asked what are you most
worried about when you have Finley I'm
just hoping that he's good at nursing
because that was my favorite thing to do
so that's kind of my number one worry I
guess I think the only thing I'm really
worried about is karma hoping that he'll
adapt and not only having because we had
to adapt to having Oliver in the house
and now I'll have to adapt to having two
kids in the house so I hope he does okay
with that yeah Kass asked what's your
phone lock screen this is mine it's a
picture of only nine black and white one
of my favorite pictures this is mine
it's all famous in the world that's an
old one and I love I'm not good at
changing it very often
I just live it Santa asked what's your
favorite Disney movie Aladdin even the
Beast Ashley asked are you guys nervous
about how Ollie will react to fit a tag
I guess but I think he's old enough that
he's gonna think the baby is just like
the most adorable baby thing ever
he's been really good at like knowing
that there's a baby he says baby any
cuddles and kisses and seeing him around
our friends baby Calvin has been really
cool because we teach him gentle and he
like will brushes arm and rock his thing
really gently there might be some
jealousy at some point folks yeah well
Hannah no thanks Brooke asked when is
Finley's room tour going to be up
hopefully very soon
what you don't know what next week in
half we have everything I think we've
actually one more thing that we need to
get and then it's basically done Abby
asks what's your biggest achievement of
this year for me I would definitely say
releasing my first single that was
something
really like I came out of my comfort
zone to do on my birthday in January I
released this is home on iTunes and yeah
that's probably the biggest achievement
what about you raising a two-year-old
while being pregnant oh yeah uh tatha
ask what it's always favorite snack
cookies chips oh my gosh chips the chip
thing we have the hi chips from him yeah
we can't leave at the point where we we
just have to stop eating chips with our
lunch because yeah he will not stop
asking wait like when I go into the
cover to open it I have to open it
really quickly grab what I need and
closes please Dutchess Jeff yeah
Alexandre asked when are you guys
planning to move I think we're going to
try and start looking officially in
January in the new year yeah and
hopefully be moved by spring yeah that's
just the advice coming from our CPA is
that it's pretty beneficial to look and
buy houses in the new year so yeah
starting in January it's going to start
at what I should Nicole asks which
pregnancy has been your best so far and
what are the differences between the two
I would say Ollie was my best because I
was so like excited about every new
little thing like when I Harper like I
am required for this pregnancy
yeah the timeline of Harper's dblf is
only going to do any classes like
swimwear sports we hadn't swim for a
long time since we were six months and
we recently just start taking a break
from that the month off as we're
traveling yeah
probably getting back in really 2/4
definitely there is a little like a
little soccer team that's starting up
for kids his age that would be fun to do
putting him in something like that I
think you'll be in sweat
until he says he doesn't want to be in
so so we get him he'll probably be doing
competitions when he's yeah five or six
you know he's already so advanced it's
easy yeah
Lauren asked one thing you're looking
forward to most with Finley's birth I
think just seeing him and like holding
him for the first time I I'm honestly
really excited for the birth process if
I get to actually like labor and stuff I
am I am excited for labor I know that
might sound crazy and I may be like what
the heck was I thinking but I love to
labor at home as long as possible being
the pool being the spa that's what I'm
sorry I'm just being able to like
connect with like Brian and just have
like those moments those deep moments
that are really just amazing like I just
can't wait to that okay that's all the
questions that we got from Twitter thank
you guys for sending those in yeah and I
hope you guys do understand honestly
today is gonna be all about spending it
with our friends and family that are
super close to us just not really
worrying about anything just you know
having each other by our side I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog if you did
click that thumbs up button and
subscribe to us could we do videos like
this every single day well not like this
they're a little different but yeah you
get it just thank you guys for watching
we'll see ya and Jana I have to cover
the lens and it's over here on a tripod
it's so far away
Oh
this is home in the
look so good heart attack
