oh and you crash push him push him push
him let's turn go go go go go push it
push it push it push it push it
woohoo is that fun buddy good morning
guys this morning the kids have been
playing together awesomely look at this
mess they're making already I love it
yeah he's like yeah I'm making a mess
the spider looks like it's floating we
just found a huge spider in the toy
chest okay that is seriously not cool
you want to save the spider that's a
spider Holly can you say spider yeah
that's the itsy bitsy spider that we
sing to you about maybe we should stay
away from that for right now oh right
the girls are out getting their nails
did and Jared and I loaded up the kids
and yeah we're at the park can you say
park oh thanks Oh Jackson doggy or
chocolate one of those one of those
Molly did you have so much fun riding in
the car with your friend yeah he's like
yeah look at my boy right now he climbed
all the way up here Wow
you're killing it dude
please please be careful okay there you
go amazing you're amazing I'm amazed at
you every single day my kid
boy guys a we got up and we got our
nails we got our toes done look at us
it was just nice to like sit and relax
without like the toddlers yes and just
chill right yeah and Calvin state asleep
so literally this is the best one I was
so shocked because we were like maybe
you should get your nails done first and
I'll get my nails done after you or
something's that we could like tag-team
it but he slept the whole time and it
went awesome so now we're gonna go and
meet up with all the other boys can you
believe how many boys we have no like
we're the only girls we definitely
deserved it
alright girls let's see the nails I see
the nails ooh we are chowing down on
some free birds you guys look at that
little burrito all he's got he's
munching on rice
yeah we worked up an appetite at the
park we're like we know the boys have to
take a good nap today so we're like
let's go we're mouth so we had a blast
at the park huh you had chicken in your
burrito you wanna take a bite he wants
these which we hi we have to hide them
you guys or else he will go crazy whoo
yeah Jarrod actually went behind the
counter it was like no no no I have to
make when you make a burrito and I know
the way that you like your burrito I
said please can I just do it by Webb
yeah put on a little apron yeah I put a
little extra guacamole oh so all he just
took a really good nap and he just woke
up and Missy and I are going to surprise
him with these Thank You Amazon Prime
yes I have two adult minion onesies and
I think he's going to love them hashtag
best dad ever
voil√°
I check us out you guys how do we look
we look like I know you look like a
pregnant minion I think he's going to
love it it's super soft and comfy and I
kind of want to wear it today I know
right they had a ton of different
characters and like themes and stuff to
go and look at you know a little pocket
right here so Ollie is awake from his
nap and we are gonna go surprise him I
also got a little minion shirt that I
want to put on - I think he'll really
like alright we're bringing another
minion in to surprise Hollywood let's go
hi ollie
are we minions mommy daddy minion what
do you think we realized minion family
me come to the minions come on do you
like it
mama's got a present for you in her
minion pocket hey look fellow ma team of
the bella aha I am a minion huh we're
gonna put a shirt and you're gonna join
the ranks of the minions just like us
look you're meaning to now I love you
hmm you my yellow minion you made a
minion huh
oli that was very good minion dancing
even got a nanner hey we're all in our
cars look at I love it boys in the very
back back we've got our you know other
kids right here hey be quiet
we're almost there five minutes okay
Calvin and it's actually really
comfortable right you have a car that'll
fit everyone that's pretty cool we're
actually headed to the beach right now
and we're gonna spend like go off the
pier and have a good time all he's gonna
be in a good mood eventually they're
just starting to get to their look Ellie
we can almost see the water it's over
there I don't believe you it's right out
there I promise like if it's like a
little sliver you could see hey when I
say someone is over there sand eversion
right ollie look at her
he loves it now we're out by the pier
and they have this really cool little
playground area so we're running around
and all he's throwing sand now look what
all he got he got a little sword he
keeps holding it the wrong way though oh
there we go and a hat that's awesome we
we just got out of rubies yeah good food
just hanging out with that good friends
on the pier Ellie got a rose look at
this guy was flirting with her look out
yeah legit dude we had so much fun
hanging out on the pier with all our
friends but I think we're gonna call it
a night and head home so if you guys
enjoyed today's vlog give it a thumbs up
be sure to subscribe to our friends and
we will see you manana say bye my boys
gonna go oh
we never play
we won enjoy
we got
