yes whoa hey down there guys ladies and
gentlemen the fun is over
Oh
good morning from Seattle Washington
look at us mmm bathroom lighting hotel
bathroom lighting is pretty dope hey
daddy what you looking spiffy huh buddy
he's looking good we're all ready for
the day we're gonna go explore the
downtown area a little bit before
vlogger fair what'd you see them you see
the bear I'm dead that shirt alright
let's go buddy come on pumpkin I think
it's exciting to see game yes we have to
see Colin and Katie they got in last
night and we didn't get a chance to see
them yet so we're gonna go meet up with
our friends and then we're gonna go with
some breakfast kiss can we get a kiss
oh oh you're such a punk don't be a punk
look at this Jackson is on the
hoverboard and always like what are you
doing how's that work he wants a ride
actually usually takes about a mile
right every morning yes yeah get the
blood flowing can you give Jackson a hug
oh good morning buddy look at you hi all
over him
hi oh look at that smile he just gave me
busy can you believe that's gonna be us
in a couple months gonna have another
little one yeah really
kind of fighting hey whoa hey out of
there guys ladies is over the fight is
over someone needs to put Ollie in his
place I all new and excited because I
don't think I've ever seen Jackson in
here yeah my scooter look who's here
guys
we ran into them into we had to go to
the service elevator because we're just
that cool it broke the elevator yeah it
was a whole story pretty awesome
look is here Miss Maisie good hey miss
blanket is that she's not cuddled in
that
Jackson's blanket Connecticut stuff and
I think it stood
yeah the elevator we're having a little
problem with the elevators and oh yeah
we got Holika Temescal it watch me whip
yeah we're in improvising alright there
we made it we found this cool water
thing in the window yeah okay oli is
running I always knew it would end like
this Olli I always know that like this
okay you can't run away from us okay
that is a doggy ha we're in line for
breakfast down here and so we're trying
to entertain the kids by looking in the
windows we are at Cafe Paco
right now is that good
Oh YUM got hot chocolates chai Jackson
and Ollie are watching a show on the
iPad and being very good they just ate
an entire banana and we're just hanging
out with our friends and Seattle getting
some breakfast this place right - it's
really really good we actually went here
twice last year which are here for water
fair and I didn't even know it was this
place but like oh yeah let's go down
there and it's like the top-rated place
for breakfast and I was like this is the
same place where last year it's kind of
this really good food is he kicking oh
he has the hiccups
: have you felt hiccups get it on it
he's doing it non-stop bro yeah alright
we were pretty chilly out there it was
colder than we thought so we came in
here and yeah yeah kate is like I'm cold
strap yeah so we're getting jackets at a
simply Seattle I found this really cool
on 2xs Emerald City oh and always like
peace out I'm gonna try some stuff on
when you got there buddy you got a ball
that's a Seahawks ball that's pretty
cool huh what'd you find here
these are interesting not cool no okay
sorry
smells good over here on the sea we
actually didn't get to see ya last year
we really met
all right we are watching through Pike
Place at the Public Market Center and we
are headed to the gum wall because Conn
and Katie have never been we get to do
all the cool fun Seattle stuff with you
guys again
be freshened up yes yeah you need that
we after breakfast you know we need a
little gum
this is the gum wall do you remember
this isn't this crazy yeah these are
nuts you guys
we found some wall space Cassie's
chewing gum you gonna put it on so its
ollie
watch this look ready whoa put it on
there
good job buddy oh my ha ha I was so
funny again
good job kiddo all right Missy and I are
now making a heart shape around all
these piece of gum okay now do this
other side thanks babe yeah we're
married we swap spit all the time baby
always like what the heck are you guys
doing I like that disgusting that is so
cool
all right we are walking down around
miners landing we went here last year
this square we went to the crap place
and Ollie road a couple rides it's also
very bright and I left my sunglasses in
the rental car yeah the weather feels
amazing
we're just walking around but if you
haven't seen my snapchat only have a
couple hours left to go see what just
happened to the gumball it was crazy
their heads are on this carousel right
now which is Endor on the pier so cute
oh my gosh he goes really fast
holy moly I'm getting dizzy I think
Brian's getting sick it's a really fast
carousel like my goodness auntie is
putting coins in so all I can crank it
and get a coin cracker Oh your little
coins check that they made themselves a
little Seattle honey we're at this ye
Old Curiosity Shop and there's some very
strange things in here the world's
smallest walkie-talkies oMG Jared and :
and I need these job good job do it
again show me again run another ant he's
over here Andy Ollie ollie
so auntie you guys we have been having
such an amazing day hanging out with our
friends in Seattle Ellie and Jared left
back to go back to the hotel so that she
could relax with Calvin but now we're
doing something that Katie and Colin
I've never done before I'm so ready
she's so nervous decided I am she's not
really a fan of heights which may be a
problem cuz we're going on the wheel
you
we have an indoor pool in our hotel and
look at our view crazy cool are you
meeting a now eating my rice was to
trick so they forgot you got the boys in
the pool Ollie and Jackson I have fun
he's a happy camper if he's got you on
water then he's good why'd you drop off
no you see the bridge this is happening
you guys don't know this is John he's
gonna be accompanying me on stage up
blog affair with that thing what is that
thing
alright go home I had to come out a new
box okay George never do I got a couple
cojones ah yes John's gonna be getting
percussion on stage with me a blogger
Fair Saturday when I premiere the new
song Jeffrey's here he's gonna be
hanging out with us my guitar I'm really
excited we're all just here in our hotel
room and we're gonna do the set in front
of them to kind of like ease my TV since
we're practicing
and fun I don't know what's going on
over here five six nerves is so stupid I
don't know what's going on but I
remember it comes in girl
hiding behind glasses I was just a
lonely boy always skipping classes oh we
came from different worlds
it didn't slow us down who knew who knew
