good morning guys we are up bright and
early at the airport getting ready to
head to what minion
we got that little minion from when we
went to maker studios and I had it handy
because I knew it was a long security
line and I was like we're gonna need
that it definitely came in handy so now
we're looking for food cuz we're pretty
starved we got a nice short flight ahead
of us to get to Seattle yeah it's really
comfy I was like I've learned that it's
worth flight is nothing I can wear short
yeah yeah Cassie you look very
comfortable
she does look comfortable all he's
making music for all of us at the
airport
uh-huh yeah check it what minions yep
he's very excited apparently to get on
this plane oh by Olly he's fine he'll
come back
run away does why we brought Cassie you
guys to run after Olly thanks Cassie
she's trapped him
keep it contained
excuse me miss but waters that Gordon
airplane always gonna go push the plane
it's very raw Rex is ready for Seattle
alley he wants to drink some milk okay
he's hard excited enough we got Rex
we have Elsa in the bag she'll be coming
out shortly kick off and Catholic over
there hey Cassie huh
we're officially too big for half the
plane now Missy imagine when we have
Findlay where we gonna put him up there
and those things you know old days
that's where the kids used to fly
you
we made it to Seattle this is Cathy's
first time to Seattle so she's like
amazed at all these green trees look at
all this it's so green here because it
rains here all the time we don't really
get rid of a GoPro button that's why we
have fire Olly is a little bit upset he
got like a nap and I ended up having to
wake him up when I was transferring him
from the stroller to the car seat so
he's back there but he's not so much of
a happy camper I keep telling we're
gonna go see Jackson and he's excited
Bay's like I'm in a really bad mood so
I'm not sure if I'm going to play very
nicely we're on our way to see Elliot J
we're going to meet that at the hotel
we're so excited to see that we're so
excited to your friends like all of our
friends before is that I'm actually
really bad Beth what are those really
this kid were just running around the
hotel and I'm like her skin is then I'll
just let him run amok he's actually he
he's been running back and forth
screaming food food I'm like that's my
boy I picked him oh you want to push the
buttons oh he loves pushing buttons
we've been pushing buttons do you know
what kind of buns we've been pushing my
bus yes we got greeted by Jared at the
front desk of the hotel
we have arrived you guys we are in
Seattle and this is part of our room we
have an amazing view you can see the
ferris wheel and you can see the
buildings and it just looks so cool so
I'm gonna give you guys a little tour
here cuz it's very confusing it confused
the heck out of me so this is Missy and
eyes room it's a very nice spacious King
room and you go down this hallway that's
a door out to the hallway and then you
go out this area this is a bathroom and
then you can go through this door here's
another bathroom we have two bathrooms
in here is the little parlor suite area
where we can all hang out so we have a
couch and a TV and oli is already making
himself a queen is I can just grab a
glass here and pour myself some water
okay there we go we have a Murphy bed so
no they're called oaken's like the law
Murphy whoa all these like no obviously
there's a bed it's pretty cool
can we have lots of room where we can
hang out and get together with all our
friends for here oh and this is Cassie's
room did you jump across the two beds
already yeah that is something you need
to do that is something you have to do
when you're in a hotel what what Allie
singing he's singing or something he was
got to be nice and running around having
a lot of fun so I think he's excited to
see Jacksonville go to the door ollie we
got a special guest who is it Oh Allie
can you give him a hug oh yeah that's a
baby that's baby Kelvin come on in guys
yeah you look so cute and dapper
so just gonna be a sec that's okay he's
coming he's gonna get lots of cuddles
hey can you believe this bump hugs hugs
he's trying you gotta give him a kiss
give him a kiss Ollie no tag you're it
do you have on the hair okay yeah good
Ollie you look cute what you got Ollie
show me what you got is that a camera
take a picture click it he's got that
HTC re camera he's been running around
taking pictures of it oh let's not touch
that
know who that is really cool oh hey look
where we are
ha ha do you see him he's taking
pictures of you oh I'll pose and that
big shot me I love it we are at the
Perillo household we got Diana little
Jedi Chris hanging out here look at this
Calvin is out in this
Mamadou thing that's pretty cool you
guys don't know Chris is actually the
one who is hosting vlogger fair which is
this weekend he invited us over for a
little bit of dinner and of course we
got Liz it took me a while to realize
this let's just look at Liz's outfit she
looks amazing
avi and there you go it took me a while
to realize it I was like it just it
looks so good oh here we go there's a
theme there's a little bit of a theme
going off oh did they really move that
fast
oh yeah in real life I use the air in
like a lightning second later what he
was right there dad as my boy yeah take
pictures take pictures of the donkey
he's having so much fun I can't wait to
see the pictures for that take a picture
can you be gentle Ali be gentle it's
kind of crazy this year but we're having
a blast and oli is that chasing the
puppies around Chris's house is so cool
you guys look at all of these Lego
minifigure eenz oh I can't even it's so
funny
he just has bookcases and bookcases of
them it's so easy to come in here and
just like stare at all of them cuz
they're all like they're all individual
and it's just so cool actually I was
over here and look who I saw that would
be mr. Potter himself it's just so fun
Chris is such a fun guy ace come on
Alice dude you have a fun house Chris we
were having a black Missy found a Zen
garden I've never done
this is so cool are you super relaxed
it's just fun not it oh it's got Groot
hi Groot oh there's one over here too
with baby Groot okay so that's adult
Groot and then this is baby Groot whoa
take a picture of it there you go
touch it Olli can you touch it ah that's
not how it works but okay did you put
you know do it
whoa can you put your nose to it Olli
science haha he's out
we are back at our hotel and honestly
miss you have you filled these pillows
oh very comfortable it was fun hanging
out at a Chris Parrillo house oh he has
such a cool house and actually he gave
all his very first lightsaber which i
think is only fitting if you guys don't
know Chris Parrillo I'll have his
channel link below so you guys can check
him out he's got a couple channels but
go check them out they're really cool
family we're in Seattle guys this is
exciting
blogger Fair is this weekend we got a
couple days to explore with our friends
Colin and Katie are here but they're in
their hotel room Gaines had a pretty
rough day so she's asleep but probably
see them tomorrow that's all for today's
vlog hope you enjoyed it if you did give
it a thumbs up and subscribe and we will
che manana okay bye I remember clumsy
girl hadn't behind a glass it stops
right now
I was just alone leave editing her phone
away keeping classy and
is where we came from to be real world
didn't small round one new box ha ha
pointed at that
