good morning fishy quiet
you want food can I get a good-morning
kiss mmm
like you can kiss my cheek okay you got
it done he's sitting up on his little
stool talking to his fishy in the
morning good morning fishy and I am
making breakfast
they got pancakes on the griddle and I
threw some bananas and that one some
chocolate chips in that one and these
definitely look like they're ready to
flip you know the corner case yeah do
another corner all he's having a bit of
a rough morning so I made him a
blueberry pancake and he's got bananas
it's okay buddy
okay honestly when he wakes up in the
morning he he can't even cope he since
he's usually in such a bad mood he just
says food food food like he cannot cope
until he's had food it's kind of funny
but it's also kind of sad because like I
have to make food so you have to wait so
we have to teach him to be patient and
it's just hard when they're - morning
guys oh look at how happy you are now
nobody got woody I'm getting ready to
put him down for a nap and we're a
little off schedule today I was trying
to like stay super on schedule so that I
could get everything that I need to do
because obviously we're packing I got to
clean up and make sure everything's
ready for us to leave I was trying to
like stay on schedule and I totally got
off schedule I think I was kind of
procrastinating and being lazy but then
I was also on like some phone calls and
so yeah I think I'm really out of breath
I was like I'm gonna put all I got for
now I was like oh wait I want to bring
up the camera always getting ready to
take a nap right there
huh he's tired he's tired so I can find
a wife so I can change his diaper you
guys stinky boy you're stinking up my
house we having to put him down and then
hopefully do my makeup and hair and film
a video that would be the smartest thing
hey guys I've been so busy today I went
and got my hair cut check it out I
actually did um skin two to this time so
normally I do I think like two to four
to two three but they went really really
close which gives this really cool like
dramatic look on top I'm trying to go
out my hair on top too almost so I can
like start maybe slicking it back and be
a little bit more creative with it look
what else is here Apple watch I got to
pick up my Apple watch at the Apple
store before we go to Seattle which I'm
really excited about and I got I forgot
a band so I had to get a green band it
feels good to have my Apple watch back
though you guys and getting a lot of
stuff done I still have a bunch more to
do but it's lunchtime and I really have
to be so going into Freebirds Ollie is
down for his nap I am now going to
finally start packing which also means I
have to start unpacking I actually plan
to like keep as much stuff in here as
possible and then just get rid of the
things I don't need like beach stuff and
put some more some extra things in there
that way I'm not like unpacking
everything than having to like put stuff
back in oh it's crazy I cannot believe
that we just got back and we're leaving
again it's exciting though it's really
fun I'm just excited to go to Seattle
and see like our friend do vlogger fair
and I think it's gonna be like so much
fun
buttery no time I love
tell me when I was like so
also look I got a fancy a vintage
coca-cola so is that kind of on a coke
head that sounded I've been kind of on a
coca-cola as I was I'm packing I forgot
we had a bunch of students that we got
over on the Virgin Islands and obviously
we got our magnet I don't think they
were showed you what we picked out but
we really like this one it says st.
Croix and then it's got the sand from
the island which i think is cool I think
that's definitely like a cool little
keepsake and then we ended up also
getting like a little bottle with
seashells and sand which I think that's
really really extra cool and then we got
a few more things for like my family
won't show you right now since we
haven't given it to them but um I don't
know it's pretty cool that we were able
to get a couple little souvenirs and I
totally forgot about them well back in
like what is all this oh yeah the
morning come here I know you don't want
that that you only want mama you're such
a mama's boy what tell me what you want
so mad that mama didn't wake you up from
now on I'm waking you up
mama can put you to sleep and I'll wake
you up okay kind of a kiss mmm you still
up that direction give me a hug
can I hug too okay got the kid up this
is happening right now in the daily
bumps household Missy is editing her
bump dates and oli is wearing his
backpack he loves this backpack and
lunch box and he puts them on and
carries them around while watching daily
bums huh is he watching dad dad point to
dekhta there he is I didn't have to
promote the backpacks or the lunchboxes
he just puts it on he's like there you
go all right Missy is getting her nails
done and Ollie and I are grabbing some
stuff for the trip to Seattle and look
what I just found Ollie can you show him
show it it's a minion backpack how cool
is that huh he's been loving that
backpack lately so I think I'm gonna
give him a minion backpack that he can
carry like on the plane and in the
airport with all his snacks and goodies
that sound good
that's a pretty cool backpack huh
everything Elsa and everything minion he
spots it out in the store it's pretty
stinking hilarious yeah we just got home
daily bumps is still on the TV it's just
what we do cuz we just watch our own
vlogs in this house well we're at Target
I got this game called the game of
things Jarrod said this is a really
funny game I actually took a picture of
the game section sent it to Jarrod and
Colin and said hey we're gonna be
playing games in Seattle in our hotel
room what should I get injured so this
was a pretty funny one so let me know if
you guys have played a game of things
it's very not a whole lot of detail
going on in that title just things
packing up and getting ready get the
heck out of Dodge going back to the
Pacific Northwest misty excited to see
yellow hey I thought that it's supposed
to rain on Friday whoo cool
do we have an umbrella yeah I don't
think we have an umbrella crap we
should've got an umbrella Missy what are
you doing oli you going for a ride oh he
sees the knacks yeah go through the
windshield like a true greaser steer you
got a steer you got a steer there you go
I'm crushed into everything pretty it's
time for bed and auntie's here and she
is helping us get ready she's not he's
like put it on right auntie Waikiki was
doing it on backwards
that's right Angie's here we've got her
basically for the week I'm excited we
just picked her up and she's all packed
and she's coming to Seattle with us
which is really nice
Cassie's coming to vloggerfair with us
for a couple reasons obviously she just
wanted to go um I think a lot of people
want to see her so that's kind of
exciting that people get to meet her as
well and there were three to help me out
um your makeup person yeah especially on
the day of vlogger fair we are gonna be
pretty busy crazy and I might be trying
to take it easy because I mean I am
really pregnant and I don't want to ever
overdo it it'll mean that like we can
maybe be a
more active and more involved and then
all I can even be involved as well and
she can be involved so it's just kind of
a win-win for everyone
this guy is looking everywhere for buz
and Rex me seems to think that they are
in his books and he doesn't even he's
not even talking about the books he just
he's looking for the figures look in
here and events took your bed check the
bed for your buzz you guys it is way
past his bedtime we've just been like
running all day trying to get things
packed getting things ready and I'm
honestly on my last leg right now like
my back is killing me and I still have a
lot to do I think it's time for your
bedtime would you get over there are you
stuck now okay he's like I got something
but I'm stuck okay I can't get you when
you rolled over yeah it is dying hey I'm
stuck they had me go Oh auntie to the
rescue oh you got there whoo
that is so cool oh dude we had to have
one more dance look dance break there we
go oh okay all right okay it's time for
Betty kiss I love you I'll see you in
the morning
hmm are you tired yet
editing the vlog I'm getting the last
final things packed for our trip
tomorrow we are so excited just so you
guys know if you're in the Seattle area
you can still get 15% off tickets with a
link below in the description to vlogger
fair I was one of those yawns that like
makes your eyes all watery you see that
I hope you guys enjoy today's vlog if
you enjoyed it click the thumbs up
button and leave a friendly comment
below if you're new to our blog
subscribe because we just every single
day and there's about to be a new little
one running around here well he's not
gonna be running around he'll be
sleeping and pooping for a while yeah
this is basically like the last trip
before we have Finley we have we do have
people coming to see us which is cool
but we are gonna be taking a teasing
Seattle might be my last trip and then
Missy might be headed somewhere to on
the other side of the country
right before she comes back that's
another vlog thank you guys for watching
listening yeah bye
favorite song or you take my hand
instead let me take you to better days
on my
I wanted a love that felt so strong like
a mom and dad whenever a battle too
