that's quite early to be pretending it's
Christmas but it's so nice to see it I
just love Christmas I was like I feel
like it's wrapping me up in a blanket
giving me a hug
good morning guys my hair is very tall
today I'm trying to slick it back lately
but it kind of has a mind of its own
sometimes good morning I am up and ready
these two are eatin breakfast I had to
crawl out of bed as I have to go to my
studio recording today is day 2 of
recording for vocals on the new EP and
I'm so excited
oli will you record a song with me I
hear you're a really great senior after
watching yesterday's blog say yes
he's kind of preoccupied with his own Oh
huh mmm I love you be good for my
munching okay
mmm love you I'm gonna go make some
magic you guys have fun without me I'll
be back soon oh look at my shirt
it's got pits wet protector I'm not
funny babe yeah so Wyatt looks we're to
say good morning yes we are up look at
me my hair's done I'm so proud of myself
I actually did my hair today running
some errands today with my mom and my
sister and karma apparently Oh does
karma Wow
you are such a pain in the car this dog
is so bad in the car he like jumps on
everything looks like he's being still
right now that's good we're actually
taking him to a haircut he's gonna go
get pampered for a little bit sound good
kind he's like what don't we know I had
a few things I gotta do today and all it
also has a doctor's appointment
hey mr. karma committee this time for
your haircut all right let's go boy
this way no karma all right I was in
need of some extra help so I'm so hairy
right now it's crazy you would need a
haircut how do you look say Harry I look
Harry give you call as soon as we bring
OK by karma bye boy oh poor baby
he did good I did sometimes he's like
yeah I'm not going anywhere and our
phrasing one short down I just had to
get more sippy cups and this time not
because I ran out of said because
because I pretty much hate every single
sippy cup that I have purchased because
in the last month even my favorite I'll
show the food in just a minute but they
didn't have them when I went to or like
restock my sippy cups because I seemed
to lose them all the time and so I
bought like three or four different time
and they all orrible they either leak
like crazy or they're really hard to
like get clean and I just don't like
them so I'm going back I just want to
have one type of sitting up in my house
because I hate having pop yeah fine
alright ah finding the right thing that
helps it from stopping
leaking or whatever so these are my
favorite just so everyone knows it's
graduate Gerber the little top the thing
that makes it stop leaking is really
easy to
on and off it never leaks on me these
are my second-favorite but these leak
because it's the only thing that stops
it from leaking is this little piece
right here there's no extra piece which
is cool because it's easy to clean but
it leaks back in the studio guys today I
actually wrapped up on the song like a
lion so I finished that listen to the
new song with Maddie that we recorded
yesterday sounds awesome
one more thing to do today and that is
to record Finn's lullaby so I wrote a
lullaby for Oliver it's a song that I
actually sang to him a lot when he goes
to sleep and that'll be on the EP but
I'm actually going to be releasing
Finn's lullaby and after he's born so
you guys will hear it for the first time
in the birth blog but yeah I just wrote
something really sweet and special and
short just something to honor Finley
coming into our lives and I think it's
gonna be really cool it's gonna be kind
of emotional trying to record it I say
it to Missy and she was crying and I
couldn't look at her else I was gonna
cry and it's just really cool so yeah
we're getting we're doing cool stuff in
the studio today maybe I'll give you a
little sneak peek too you may go to the
doctor we're gonna go see doc McStuffins
doc McStuffins Donny makes happen I
think that's such a cool little show for
kids who might be scared of the doctors
because he although he's not scared of
dr. anything I think it's just cool are
you playing with all the toys the toys
but doctor is so much fun
poking around you guys we're gonna
change your diaper you're sticking up
this whole room did you go pick that up
Molly pick up the chair but then I got
to put down yeah good job you 26 pounds
almost 27 blue doggies
stand right here and put your back on
the wall at me I'll call you are tight
right that good job it's 33 mm are you
half inches three feet he's a big taco
Kelly what do you do with it you
probably shouldn't be playing with that
but they're the ones I put it right in
kids reaches so that's just soon happen
anyways yeah so we were at Ali's um to
your wealth is it it's a month ago
overdue I'm excited to get his dance and
then I'm gonna hopefully do it to your
update on my channel and we could talk
all about Olli hot company was hot like
you say it's hot hot Oh Oh careful why
it's like time is balloon in this
nursery room where I see you for the
very first time thanks man
oh okay Holly are you happy with your
sucker you're happy we are at Hobby
Lobby now I had to return a couple
things because we bought most of the
stuff from Hobby Lobby and we actually
did it for Ali's room we actually used
everything so we returned a couple
things and then I'm grabbing some stuff
for Finn's room and this isn't going to
give you any idea of what his team is or
anything by side show you I just love
this kind of mattress like his colors
it's kind of simple this says loved
beyond measure and I just think it's
super cute and then I'm also going to
grab I'm not sure if I'll end up using
it but says love you to the moon and
back and it's wood it kind of looks like
chalkboard but it's not actually
chalkboard yeah I'm like super dying
right now because we are in Hobby Lobby
and I am covered in Christmas it is
Christmas is it Christmas time is it
officially Christmas I think this means
it's Chris wedding oh it's coy early to
be pretending it's Christmas but it's so
nice to see it I just love Christmas I
was like I feel like it's wrapping me up
in a blanket giving me a hug
I love Christmastime and I'm so excited
I'm gonna have two kids for Christmas
this year it's just so awesome now we're
in Halloween stuff
now it's fall not winter Holly what do
you wanna be for Halloween if you don't
know if it's that Paisley I'm doing a
sucker can you stop stop interrupting me
oh no all right just left the studio
when super well today I finished three
songs in two days you guys that was
fantastic
I did not know that I was going to get
that emotional singing Finley's lullaby
when you're in the studio you just have
to feel it you cannot fake it I was
really trying to feel it as much as I
could and it was just kind of like
overpowering me it was really kind of
crazy but man I loved the song I loved
the instruments in it the whole feel is
amazing but I'm all done yeah we for the
day I'm headed home it's a little early
to someone think I'm gonna be traffic
haha you only what are we doing what
we're watching woody for watching Toy
Story come home after a long after a
long day in the studio only one to lay
here and chill with these fine people
What's Up kiddo what if you're wondering
why my shirt is so dirty I have another
stain down here I got home I got home at
like 5/3 like 5:30 and I realized I
didn't eat anything all day and so it's
pretty much starving so I threw some
leftovers in the microwave and Skaar
burned down and it got a hole for my
shirt this is why yesterday yeah I was
pretty hungry look at him now what are
you doing kiddo it was storming out is
it going to storm um I don't think so
but I want to get in the hot tub
okay he's been a sad baby today once we
got home he was like pretty much
miserable he says his shots hurt no did
they poke you that's not cool huh
maybe himself quite comfortable yeah
chilled out what should watch your show
there we go mm-hmm all right guys that's
all for today's vlog we're hitting the
hay all these fast asleep there's time
for some Z's oh hey karma how's it going
a little close for comfort but that's
okay I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video if you did click the thumbs up
button and leave a happy friendly
comment below thank you for watching and
we shall see you tomorrow hi I like your
haircut calm
you look so good and crashing I'm a
classic dog you can be this mean when
you look this good I'm a classic dog all
right all the places we go down all the
troubles we don't
