yeah he's dancing
we're home I slept amazing in our bed
how did you sleep
oh so good I like that's like four hours
yeah I honestly was like is this really
my bed is our bed sushi this comfortable
oh my gosh it was crazy we were walking
up the stairs because we hear all a
screaming had a little Karma all night
long oh we just to leave it out all
right let's go see auntie pop ah look at
your mama and Dada waking you up yeah I
know you want me but guess what
can you happy do we already have seen
him and when he saw me he literally told
me for like an hour
what I was you were Olaf yeah he
literally hugged me for like an hour
you wouldn't like chunky Queen Elsa else
is not here buddy
kind of kiss you so much yeah actually I
was planning on sleeping today but huh
like 8 o'clock I heard him in his room
and I literally popped awake I was like
I hear ya I was like wide awake at night
look you got a sticker can you put on
your shirt yeah and they got Olaf and
Sven yes good okay what you want the
monkey
no okay oh you see the picture of mama
and Dada
shoo oh shoot quick yeah fight foot
aha yeah that's alsa you aren't down
you're dead oh he'll do Oh get that that
big hug big oh did you miss mama and
Dada shindig oh we're leaving this week
we're gonna go on a fun adventure yeah
we're gonna go on a venture together
with you this time okay hmm maybe amp up
our downstairs you want go say hi Lucy
maybe a Papa loved those Disney Miam
Papa you know Elsa let's give Elsa hug
hey guys guys what I got something
really cool in the mail today and I'm
gonna show it to you so as you guys know
Missy Anne I just got back from our
babymoon and I got a package in the mail
while we were away and when I opened it
I was like oh I know what this is so I
want to open it with you guys but bah
bah bah bah
you guys know what this is right you
know what this is right I'm so excited
to open this OMG you've done something
very few YouTube creators accomplished
you've had an astonishing a hundred
thousand people subscribe to your
channel and then under that oh it's like
yeah oh my gosh it says my name
it says Bryan Lanning this is my award
for surpassing a hundred thousand
subscribers on my Bryan Lanning channel
my personal channel you guys are
subscribed to that go subscribe link
down below in the description I put a
lot of like covers and music and like
challenges fun stuff like that we now
have three of these babies we have this
one this is Bryan Lanning look at that
congratulations Bryan Lanny it's just so
cool it's my name we have one that says
Bryan Lanning we have one for Missy's
channel and we have one for the daily
bumps channel and it's so cool that
YouTube gives you these little awards at
a hundred thousand and a million
subscribers so I think that's pretty
epic I actually saw the million
subscriber plaque at maker studios when
we had a meeting there and I was like
that's incredible
yay Thank You YouTube I have been
hanging out with all it all morning I
literally couldn't even sleep any longer
so I just went to hang out Olly
we've been playing and stuff we're
actually gonna go out and go swimming
right now we're gonna go swim and you
have a brush you gonna brush your hair
you should oh you want to see Ollie like
yeah I need to see myself say I'm cute
careful you want to brush the yep okay
he's brushing the camera luggage still
hasn't arrived it's supposed to come to
our house it got lost yesterday while we
were flying which is kind of a bummer
luckily we have like pretty much
everything here but like I would like to
have my clothes and I like to have my
bathing suits I actually have none of my
bathing suits cuz I packed them all oh
and by the way update on my eye is
actually a lot better day no pain and I
actually have colloidal silver that I've
been putting in it I know usually clears
it up for me pretty quickly and it's
something I buy it like the natural
vitamin shoppe check out this little
baby pull my mom got she actually got it
for karma for like drinking splashing in
if he's not in the pool and for all a if
he wants anyways we've got water we've
got 110 degree weather and we have a
bathing suit I got my mom's baby suit
which is so tight on me my belly's
getting so big it like barely can hold
me go go go where are you going
on the wrong way oh I'm so excited to
get that pool it's it's pretty pretty
toasty out here just saying always being
so cute so he is obsessed with squirt
guns right now or has he calls them the
Wadden and I'm going to show you guys
how far he can swim right now it's so
awesome but the only way he'll swim is
if I throw the gun he does not like to
be without it
look at those kicks all right I better
get this camera out of the pool before
it gets soaking wet probably gonna get
shot with a lot of good all right we
broke out the little robot that all is
afraid of and he's doing a lot better
yeah so you know have five away yeah
don't get my side yeah no how about
dance you heard it he fell I'm
controlling it right now with the app by
the way Siegel like this you can make
him spin look he's dancing to my song
he's dancing this robot is dancing to my
song right now right on iTunes link down
below in the description
yeah if you guys didn't know I do have a
couple songs on iTunes so click the link
down below in the description to go
check them out if you haven't already we
are eating a home-cooked meal first time
in a while has been showing all day yeah
you can definitely see a little belly hi
belly shirt only fits when you're not
pregnant are you all messy get your face
wipe your face off
yeah chop buddy we're eatin chicken and
noodles and just sitting here as a
family we're also still waiting on our
luggage they said that it was on its way
so hopefully it's here by tonight I
really hope so I'm missing it gonna give
buzz a bike Oh Rex is eating right now
eat his dinner oh and now he's gonna get
buzzed some dinner
very sitting yum yum yum yum yum all
right wipe his face and he's got stuff
on his face make sure you get Rex to
so good ahh
bath time who's in there
buzz is in there find him can you find
him for dead dah oh my God look at that
stinky game you ready oh shake your head
shake it up shake it up hey good job
alright guys this is what we're doing
look at this we moved the entire dining
room table and we are oh hi Karma we are
signing posters Karma's signature might
be on some of these yeah he look at he
did that yeah did that just not me I
acts just don't look at gone okay what
Missy just did I painted it on said it
right yeah so that's pretty cool
don't know we actually ran out of our
first batch of signed posters some
really and we just kept selling more and
more so I was like okay we need to get
more on there so if you guys want to
sign post your go get them before
they're gone look at all of them right
here we're signing them and we're going
to ship them out tomorrow go to the link
below in the description and check it
out get a signed poster we also have new
shirts and back-to-school gear go check
it out now we're FaceTime and Kelsey say
hi Kelsey yeah so we just been catching
up with a good Pacific Northwest dinner
is that a thing is that how you say it
okay Pacific Wonderland er yes getting
through these I think this is 500
posters babe it goes really fast when
you're talking and just like yeah that
is the stack that we have signed and
that's what's left I'm pretty sure
that's 500 posters and we'll send you a
poster okay Kelsey okay oh we just
signed so many posters you guys and I
package them all back up we're gonna
ship them out tomorrow really really
excited about that our bags still are
not here it's 11 o'clock at night they
said we were gonna get them today but
I'm not holding my breath I don't think
it's gonna come tonight
hopefully anyway I'm gonna go in and
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
if you did click that thumbs up button
it feels good to be home
I actually cannot wait to crawl back
into our bed I feel like I did not sleep
long enough yeah hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog was a manana bark
I remember clumsy girl hiding behind
glasses I was just a lonely boy always
skipping classes oh we came from
different worlds it didn't slow us down
who knew who knew
