I think Ali is getting in the Christmas
spirit he is now wrapping up his brother
Finn hey Olli are you gonna wrap your
own Christmas presents this year he's
got to learn
good morning hey guys we are in the mess
of a playroom the boys have what are we
doing that's right
yeah because some kids don't have a lot
of toys huh and toys are great for
learning they're great for keeping your
brain occupied they're good for
development and so we want to make sure
that kids who don't have toys have toys
so Ollie and Finn have lots of toys a
couple times a year probably four or
five times a year we go through and we
just purge everything and we get
everything that's nice and neat and we
give it away to kids right Ollie ya know
like he's not like no don't get my toys
away he's like okay give this to someone
yeah he's like I don't play with this
give this to them yeah these boys have
really sweet hearts good morning Finn
how you doing buddy good just helping
out you boys need to get dressed you're
still in your PJs all right I'm taking
these boys we got to get clothes on them
right
what oh what's he doing is that Fred
Fred's just hanging around on a swing
whoa I know
look at this contraption he built dude
that is quite a mess of elf rope and
he's so cool
that's pretty cool huh oh he is he's
wearing a new sweater it says don't
forget the syrup then is like oh hey
Fred you're just hanging right at my
level aren't ya that's so cool all right
come on let's go get ready for the day
we've got to get clothes on silly Fred
silly Fred ha
today's video is sponsored by gravity
blanket oh hey babe what are you doing
trying to figure out I know right we
have not been able to even sit down and
go over Christmas list for the boys or
like do any shopping it's been kind of a
stressful Christmas for us but it's been
fun but it's definitely been stressful
well I think I have something that might
help you want an early Christmas present
it's not just any blanket babe this is a
gravity blanket the gravity blanket is a
weighted blanket and it's actually
engineered to be about seven to twelve
percent of your body weight to help
relax your nervous system it also
naturally releases serotonin and
melatonin which can help with anxiety
and insomnia all right out of the box I
feel like I'm just being like snuggled
by like a really soft blanket oh do you
feel like safe yes secure like being
cuddled by your parents you know you're
a little kid and it's like a microfiber
it's super soft before some people
Christmas can actually be a really
stressful time I can definitely see how
it can cause some stress and anxiety and
I think that's awesome that the gravity
blanket like that's what they want to do
I'm not worried at all about the fact
that I haven't been able to figure out
anyone if you guys want more information
on the gravity blanket or to preorder
one for yourself check out that link
down below in the description and
seriously a huge special thanks to
gravity blanket for sponsoring this
video and sending us one all right it is
lunchtime and the boys are eaten one
look at that yummy lunch you got apple
sauce oranges goldfish and a sandwich
nice the boys are so cute and matching
sitting at their little table eating
lunch together
Ali's right it is horsey through the
house and he's also dressed as a pirate
it's about right when you have boys and
fingers how to do it now - look at him
go good job dude alright you guys so we
are gonna do something really fun as a
family as you know Christmas is getting
closer and we need to start practicing
our gift wrapping skills yeah I haven't
wrapped anything that year oh my gosh
we're not doing bags we are not doing
boxes we are real Christmas present
wrappers okay and we're gonna practice
and we're parents so the best thing to
practice on yeah so if we're gonna turn
this into a little friendly game Missy
and I are gonna compete she's gonna rap
Ollie and I'm gonna rap thin and the
point of the game is to complete your
rap so there's three things required in
the rap for things actually Christmas
paper wrapping paper you have to do
ribbon around them and make your own bow
and then you have to put the sticky bow
on top and then they have to jump up and
down without it falling off and if it
doesn't fall off
you win look can we do this okay a
little stool so that he can be up a
little higher you ready to get wrapped
up like Christmas presents boys okay
three two one we need some paper and I'm
just gonna go right
this one says Merry Christmas seasons
who do you thinks gonna win mom or dad
let us know boat in the iCard above and
down in the comments right now as you're
watching this who's gonna win no you're
gonna win right
wait Missy you gave me take oh it's my
start either okay okay
take you take it's just like what is
even going on right now fin wasn't a
part of this last year I did this with
ollie if you guys want to watch that
video I'll have that linked in the iCard
it is super super cute not good ribbon
I'm cutting it and I'm gonna put it
right here I'm going to do a little bow
all right I've got my my bow on top so
now often has to do is jump up and down
without this falling off so jump up and
down Finn he jump up and down like this
then you are the cutest little Christmas
present ever
Holly you're pretty cute deal I love you
boys was that fun yeah so see I got the
Christmas rap I got the bow and I got
the bow on top too
hi oh you're taping it it wouldn't stick
oh we broke free oh oh not jump up and
down good job babe and rip yourself out
rip it up now you got to practice
opening presents right boys there you go
there you go
thanks for playing boys let us know down
the comments we'll have you started
wrapping your Christmas presents yet
it's getting closer and closer to
Christmas
yes damn right I think I know how to do
it yeah I really I really do
thanks for playing Finn
I think oli is getting in the Christmas
spirit he is now wrapping up his brother
Finn hey oli are you gonna wrap your own
Christmas presents this year he's got to
learn oh you got to use tape to hold it
on remember
it's less like okay I just decided to
start vlogging here and I was like look
him here looks like an angel
cuz the Sun is like blurring through my
window right now we have been so busy
today cleaning and organizing I've
thrown away about three huge big black
bags of clothes toys things that we just
don't need anymore use I think I'm
taking a break for now I still have
Finn's room to do and then the garage to
do there's definitely a lot of stuff in
the garage so I need to go through but
the boys are all changed cuz where are
we going yeah we're gonna go ice skating
and I'm super excited but it is about 80
degrees outside right now and so like I
put the boys in like a light long-sleeve
shirt because I'm hoping by the time we
get there it'll be a little bit cooler
out and I've got like a scarf because
I'm like oh I have to look somewhat
festive but I'm wearing a short sleeve
shirt but I brought like a little spider
just in case it does get chilly but I
did want to show you guys something
really special that my dad made us so he
made all of my brother and sister and me
this same gift and they made one even
for Kelsey and Corbin
all right inside of it is this cute
little ornament my dad made this and
this is from the wood from our yard it's
not so pretty he made with my brother
and my sister and then there's even one
for Kelsey in there but look how
precious this is I love it it's just one
of those things I'm gonna have forever
it's so soft and nice and it even has
like the bark still on it but it's like
all smoothed out it's so pretty I love
it so much character thanks dad
we are at Galloway Downs ranch and we
are gonna do some ice-skating right or
at least try sigh skate huh
you've ice skated a couple times right
yeah just a couple by the way look at
Ollie and I we are both matching in our
black leather jackets nice jacket dude I
like it a lot this is so cool everything
is decorated with lights they have a
nice ring down here that's pretty cool
what did we find ollie there's horses
fire-breathing well I'm pretty horse
over here you got another one
Rudolph
Holly what is on your feet we're gonna
try to do some ice skate in whoo that's
so cool
every time we've tried this it didn't go
very well so we'll see how things go
Ben do you see mama I'm all either on
the ice that's so cool
good job you're doing good
what does it feel like I found a junebug
you guys we got miss junebug here hi
baby
I like your hat she's hanging in the
stroller while Kelsie and Corbin jump on
the ice how's it feel papa
the gyms aren't doing so hot on the ice
alright guys did you have fun that was
cool huh yeah you did go skating huh he
always tries every time I'm actually
really proud of him he always wants to
try at least yeah but anyway I think
that's all for today's vlog we are
headed home for the day but we had a fun
night at Christmas on the farm I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
be sure to give it a thumbs up thumbs
the subscribe we'll see you manana all
you got to do the bye
