all right you guys last day in st. Croix
we're getting all packed up and I'm
gonna be honest I'm taking this bottle
opener that says Buccaneer that's that's
allowed right I mean they put it on this
nippy keychain yeah we have to say
goodbye to all of this paradise hug
we have a little paradise in our
backyard though yes we do we'll enjoy
that too I'm excited to see ollie
and I'm excited to sleep in my own bed
with me being pregnant this queen is not
doing it for me yeah we sucked on the
Queen guys we got close and we cuddled
and he was probably really annoyed at me
snoring in her ear like anything in her
face on this side on this up here like
everywhere yeah be like a full pillow
that's how you do it when you're
pregnant I literally want this cat boys
cats are everywhere out here and I
literally want like it save them all and
actually there's a lot of dogs - I
haven't seen as many now that we're on
this side of the island but when we were
at the other place you would just see
like wild dogs and like you don't see
that where do we are look it's a little
friend I made I'm giving it chicken so
it seems to be happy but you can tell
he's definitely never been pet when I go
to pet at me like jumps it's probably
gonna attack us I'm sorry why did you
bring that I can keep government why are
you so afraid of a cat it's just a cat
look it it's like a toy who never played
with the toy before huh he's like what
the heck
good morning guys we are off on another
adventure
okay so we're off is that so we're off
to a baby shower we've got the whole
family in here we're gonna go get Jimmy
in a few minutes and we're gonna have a
really awesome day we're so excited for
mommy and dad dad to be home but he's
poor all day you're gonna be sleeping on
- yeah we're actually off to a lake
because the baby sheriff Sammy held
there we're all gonna be swimming
hopefully that Oliver likes it I mean
he's not too fond of the ocean water so
maybe he'll like this one cuz not as
crazy it's more calm so we'll see how he
reacts to it so I'm doing a spontaneous
giveaway on my Twitter and if you guys
are not following me on Twitter then you
must fun things like this so go follow
me on Twitter link down below in the
description but I'm basically having
people tweet the hashtag great white
Missy I'm choosing randomly to see who I
can give a couple people a poster or
shirt - and this is hunty winner Missy's
like oh we have the vlog this is loaded
all the hashtags this is the bottom and
it goes all the way this is all of them
the way to the top so this is how I'm
choosing okay that's the top goes all
the way to the bottom and I'm basically
just going to not look and I'm gonna
move around the screen let's go up let's
go down let's go up okay gonna go up
some more go down and go up and go down
and I'm gonna let it right there who's
the winner throw back to baby Olly
monica bubble one monica bubble you can
see all the way down there see zoom in
on him there yes he's with Uncle Jimmy
everyone's having a good time it's about
110 degrees so really the only place to
be at this moment is in the water it's
very very warm so anyway we're gonna be
here for the day opening presents and
just celebrating a little Olivia rose
she's actually do just a few days before
Finley is so it's a are cousin or Missy
and Brian's cousin my niece and nephew
if we look miserable right now it's cuz
we are we're in the craziest Airport
yeah Missy doesn't even sweat and she is
in and she's like glowing we're in this
crazy airport where apparently they
schedule all the planes to fly out
within five minutes of each other
so we had a custom line like outside of
the airport and it's not our conditioned
in here and I'm very sweaty
yeah misty was like sitting on the side
like on the wall the entire time because
I'm like you can't stand in this line I
was like I'm about to get you a
wheelchair okay but she refused my back
just like like screaming it's really yes
we're pretty much looking forward to
getting on this airplane I'm like
excited
airplane we have a really long travel
day we had to get a present for Ollie
though we got him a stingray well that's
cool
he's got a turtle he's got a dolphin and
now he's got a stingray yeah I think he
has a whale - he's got like people ocean
alright we're getting on our first plane
and we're boarding from outside which is
doing weird but are we flying today for
nine hour nine hours yeah
well I'd say it's safe to say he loves
the lake he's been having a great time
he's playing in it right now he's just
out for a break everyone else is over
there
there's Cassie and Jessica
probably the worst part about it is that
it's very rocky so as you can see
there's tons of rocks right there so
it's hard to keep your footing
look at these two cuties are you sharing
with Olli so cute they're sharing a
chair it's adorable diaper right the
baby shower and everyone's just hanging
out kind of blended and oh my gosh we
look so rough look at it is
fifteen in the morning and I contracted
some sort of disease on my voice I think
I have like pink guy on the side it
hurts so bad and like junk is coming out
of it so I did not fart on your pillow I
was like first friended like you've hurt
so yeah we landed it was a really long
fight we had like some issues when we
were connecting to our other fight and
landed another airport but lovely we
made her thrive it was it was it was it
was like we've been on our place like
six hours already and then like the
thought of getting on another flight
with like the most depressing things
maybe this year when I'm pregnant like
sitting it can just be really
full heart but then the thought of not
getting on that flight
stained their browsers our seats and put
us on the next stage yeah so I figure to
make it yeah as we were getting on our
plane we got an email uh sent their
flights been cancelled
I'm like thinking oh my gosh I cannot
stay here for a day I need to go home
luckily it all worked out and the flight
she was good I tried to sleep as much as
I could and get some clothes I could but
my eye hurts and I think my feet are a
little swollen and I'm pretty
uncomfortable but you're almost home and
I really need to know if it is like
completely against the rules to like go
home and get my baby and like just like
smell some you know before we see him in
the morning but I'm excited to get going
so it's the end of the day we had such a
good day but it was so so hot
I can't even tell you how hot it was it
was like probably like a hundred and ten
the whole time we were down at the lake
it felt really good be in the water
that was definitely a hot day when he's
he picked his book he of course wants to
read Elsa he's definitely got a crush on
Elsa
do you love Elsa yeah you love Elsa yeah
yeah yeah can you find Elsa there she is
see this guy's no bags no bags for us no
bags there poop because they originally
canceled us on our original flight they
did not
put our bags on that plate and honestly
they wouldn't have enough time to do it
anyway because we literally got off our
flight and then went and sat down on our
other plane so we have no luggage and
they have to go home and so like
everything we made was calling me like
row field yeah this is like our vacation
we'd be like oh yeah I'm just worried I
wanted it to be here soon because we
have to leave for vlogger fair and we
need our lucky Jimmy here clothes and
stuff so yeah so it'll be at our house
tomorrow so we'll just have to make do
just the cherry on top of a horrible
truffle today all right guys we are
finally home and it feels so good our
house smells so good I bet is so comfy
our driver from the airport was kind of
a nightmare
I thought I hoorah will travel day was
over but it was not but we're home
whatever I'm glad to be home hi karma
are you glad to see me okay hi boy give
me a hug can we hug hi karma I was glad
to see karma when we got home all he's
still sleeping
so we'll see him in the morning but I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog
thumbs up for being home and we will see
you guys manana oh you get some lovin
you some lovin
that's where I wanna be
I do
up inside
cuz it says
