we are enjoying our last day looking at
the Caribbean Sea we're about to get in
actually I'm over just warming up
relaxing right now we've really taken
our last day and taking the very easy
watch big brother in our room and just
been relaxing and all that good stuff
but today's our last day and it's kind
of bittersweet it's so crazy to be in
the Virgin Islands in st. Croix I don't
know if we'll ever even come back or
ever gonna see this place again so it's
kind of like we want to really make sure
we soak it all up no I'm just so excited
also to see oli I am definitely a bit
homesick ready to be home and see our
babies and we're all our baby and I'm
only gonna we're only gonna be there for
a couple days and then we're off to
vlogger fair that's my very bittersweet
though this is our last day but we are
soaking it in enjoying this beautiful
leather look at this the weather is like
perfect I know our last day and they're
like yep we're gonna make this real
great for you hey guys so we're out
running some errands we got all in here
hi baby hey baby what's on your shirt oh
he's wearing a daily bump sure but we
are out running errands we have a baby
shower they're going to tomorrow so
we're at Babies R Us super tiring office
is about his nap time nap time and world
yeah we're on about exhausted we just
grab some lunch while sitting at the
beach they just bring it right to you
how amazing is that look what Missy
order also
Brad Missy loves her bread and what are
you guys even got your little
Butterball's yes they do butter involved
here and it's like amazing this is a
literal Cheeseburger in Paradise you
guys cheeseburger paradise paradise
cheeseburger paradise cheeseburger I'm
excited just spit on being on this ride
he insisted that me me dude with him
yeah he wants me to sit with him but are
you in a ride
alright then meaning year yeah that's a
ladder yeah baby good look at you go
down there dude
alright everybody I got my noodle my
floaties thrown into the water
take it like all asleep and then I would
be lost
yeah we don't want to be allowed to see
but this is basically how you chill in
the Caribbean
we have had such an amazing trip you
guys this has seriously been like a
once-in-a-lifetime kind of thing I'm
loving it I'm so glad that Missy and I
decided to take the time out to do a
babymoon for each other because we know
like when we get back it's gonna be
hectic and crazy and like a parent it's
just been such an amazing trip just be
able to to reconnect and have fun and
relax as much as possible yeah like
Missy said I am very looking forward to
seeing all of her and miss him like
crazy but yeah it's been an amazing trip
I couldn't ask for anything better then
just to hang out in paradise with my
beautiful bride who is apparently now a
shark
oh you're circling me that's my wife
ladies and gentlemen
we just got back from Babies R Us
although we had more errands to run we
couldn't because this guy fell asleep on
us
you just couldn't hang you just couldn't
do it nap time with nap time no matter
what okay so we just got back from the
beach and showered and I actually just
ran to go put our clothes in the dryer I
just put basically washed all her
clothes so that when we get home I don't
have any laundry to do but on my way to
go put the clothes in the dryer look
what I found
I thought he was a seashell when I got
it but I didn't tell there was something
definitely living there so I'm pretty
sure it's a hermit crab
he's coming out he'll start walking you
know you know cute he's like I'm gonna
go this way
you are crazy lady I think it's reef
stinking cool I'm probably gonna go put
him in the sand he was walking on the
pavement so he's like oh you're gonna
fall
by I don't know where he thinks he's
going but um not gonna get very far
um he's messing with my sponge oh that
is funny I think it's pretty cool but
I'm probably gonna go put him back in
the ocean or the other water I really
wanted to see jealous why I picked him
up I was like oh cool seashell and all
sudden he starts crawling out ago like
no I was like I gotta bring this back
himself he's pretty cool though I think
he's pretty looking all right so I
wanted to show you guys what I got from
Babies R Us I went ahead and got this my
auntie rocks this is all for Finley by
the way so it's my auntie rocks
- cute onesie and then I also got
another one that says cutest nephew ever
and although all over in Finley are both
very equal I still wanted to get it cuz
course is not one that says like one of
the cutest nephews ever so I just went
up this one and they're really cute all
right we're gonna set the little crab
free Missy mints we have to eat me
okay okay okay just set him on the rock
he'll crawl away babe there you go of
course he can he's a smart hermit crab
Missy you need to give him more credit
no he'll be fine
there's no way oh no no no no are you
worried about it yeah I feel like I
should put him down there oh there you
go buddy oh yeah
look at that
you'd be upgrading yeah yes he would be
good job babe
Sun is setting over here check it out
guys it's looking mighty fine and she's
looking mighty fine already good dinner
okay guys so I kind of let things get a
little
out of control Missy's big gone she's
actually a really really neat
housekeeper and I'm just a little bit
lazier than her so anyway I thought well
let's take the time to get it cleaned up
and then we'll do a little playtime and
I thought I just take you along with me
you got oli on your shirt hi I'm here
too
oh my god what's up buddy
why is he acting shy hi karma karma come
here boy bolt I'm gonna go for a walk we
go home from one the ball I'm here okay
so we did my mom just made this
wonderful dinner but I think I'll go
ahead and end the blog because the time
difference it is pretty late at my
machine Brian aw and they gotta get they
gotta go to bed soon and wake up early
so I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it we will see you
guys tomorrow I'm only walking for one
more day I think tomorrow's the last one
but it's been a really great week with
you guys all right see you guys tomorrow
bye e alright guys we're back from
dinner Missy is packing she did a bunch
of laundry today cuz she's basically the
best wife ever
so now she's gonna jump on packing I'm
working on the blog I did want to say
that tomorrow's vlog which is gonna go
up on Sunday it's gonna go up later than
usual just because we're traveling all
dates or like all tomorrow night and I'm
not gonna be able to edit edit the vlog
until I wake up on Sunday morning you
will have a vlog on Sunday but yeah
it'll probably be up like Sunday
afternoon just so you guys all know cuz
I know you're used to having it up right
and early no I try really hard to get it
up early in the morning for you guys but
that's just kind of like
out of my control I won't be able to do
it till later he just have an afternoon
and then we leave for California again
and we get to join our boy get ready for
the next strip because we're gonna be
going to vlogger fair and I did want to
say if you guys do not have to Gustav
lager fair you can still get them with a
link down below in them in the
description I think you get like 15% off
so it's a pretty good deal if you're in
the Seattle Washington organ area you
definitely should come because it was a
blast last year this year we're gonna
have Cassie come join us
Missy's gonna be there all he's gonna be
there I'm gonna be there and as of right
now I'm planning to perform on stage my
title track to my EP that's coming out
later this year and I'm really nervous
about it because I've hardly practiced
I'm hoping that when we meet up with
Jared next week that him and I will be
able to get done pretty good so that you
guys can hear that up water fair I
thought that'd just be a fun exclusive
thing to do for those of you who are
going to vlog refer to get to see so
hope you guys can make it out as for
today I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog if you guys enjoyed it you can
click that thumbs up button if you
haven't seen any other other babymoon
vlogs go check them out after this video
we had up last year in st. Croix we are
excited to head home yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog thanks for
watching and we'll see you manana bye
that's me
