I'm out here running errands so I had to
pick up a mattress I'm like 30 minutes
from home and Missi just called me and
said that she feels liquid running down
her legs that is not a phone call that
you want to have when you're thirty
minutes away from your spouse I'm
freaking out I'm racing right now on the
freeway to get home as soon as possible
for you guys I am off to another
doctor's appointment today
today is my appointment with my big wife
it's just like a regular checkup and
three three weeks and I think from this
point I go I'm going to be starting to
go every two weeks so that's kind of
exciting I don't know I'm gonna have a
baby soon so that's a lot of emotions I
go in there and I'm actually with my mom
and we've got Ollie with us as well
because Bryan is getting a lot of things
done with both the boy's room everything
is basically coming in today and it's
going to be like all set up and I
believe always going to sleep in
twin bed today so I'm kind of like
nervous excited but I don't know so he's
getting everything set up so we get home
we can kind of start putting like the
baby's room officially together because
I've got like all his bedding and
everything and so I just kind of want to
start like putting it together and like
so that we have like the nursery all set
up which I'm really excited for yeah
look at my finger today you guys
definitely bruise I keep hitting it on
everything and it hurts I honestly just
don't have a very high pain tolerance I
was kind of joking yesterday when I
heard it this morning I have been
setting up all these big-boy room and
Finn's nursery I don't know when we're
gonna show it to you guys we want to
make sure it's ready and you have a
proper tour but it's just so sad seeing
all of all these old stuff come out of
his room I took down his letters and his
blankie and all those decorations we'll
probably put those back up but we have
like new frames and decorations that
we're going to be doing and then it's
actually kind of funny because you guys
have never seen what's behind the store
it's always been like a huge mystery and
that's actually where ppens nursery is
gonna be so you have Missy's filming
room Finn's nursery Ali's room and then
our room so yeah in case anyone's
wondering where Finn is going to be
that's his room right there you can
water your water he's so cute why are
you so cute boy that's so good no water
naughty it's not the fire I think that's
the opposite way all he's being so good
in our doctor's appointment woody yeah
yeah they're all the doctor things huh
not for years I don't you get him a
glove oh yeah make it a balloon look it
look at Ali oh my goodness you like you
can have the flower now mom me a balloon
he's like yeah he's afraid is gonna pop
he's so excited look at that it's got
fingers one two three four five there
five fingers I can't fish fish it Oh got
it
hey which one you press the button I
went to go get a matches for Ali and
they had them but only at the
distribution center and I know if I
don't get one today then he won't be
able to sue and he won't have anywhere
to sleep cuz we took down his crib
already it's just a little twin mattress
and I hope you likes it and I hope he
sleeps on it tonight and I have no idea
where I am fits perfectly you guys do
that I asked squeeze right under ha ha
cool man thank you
look at that seriously perfect fit that
is so cool
Missy we have a car we can fit things
and now I love it
we are at the mall we are actually
looking for bedding for all a because we
forgot was totally bedding for him and
so we're gonna look at like Macy's
JCPenney like all those like stores and
say if they have something he actually
does is doing the Toy Story theme right
now which he loves but he's actually
kind of he's kind of over it like he
doesn't need to sleep with Woody and
Buzz like it was when we were trying to
get him to stay in the crib so I think
we're just gonna get him like a fun
bedding that is comfortable and looks
cute with his new segment turns out
renting a stroller from the vault X
would be more fun than bringing your own
store baby out I sent you the whole
thing like this alright guys I'm like
completely mortified right now I've been
like coughing a lot and of course pens
when I call Anunnaki a little bit like
it is part of pregnancy well I think it
was a little more than a little bit as
tight and literally my shorts are wet I
think we're thinking about getting some
shorts but I can't walk around like this
it's not that bad but it's really like I
can feel it just not oh my god I feel so
embarrassed my mom was just asking
though if this has happened with ollie
and I feel like it did but I definitely
don't really happen to this extent to
the point where literally every time I
cough or sneeze I have to stop and cross
my legs otherwise I will literally pee
myself
I don't think it's really this bad ever
and so now for the new new part of
pregnancy for me so that's fun I'm out
here running area
had to pick up a mattress I'm like 30
minutes from home and Missi just called
me and said that she fills liquid
running down her legs that is not a
phone call that you want to have when
you're thirty minutes away from your
spouse I'm freaking out I'm racing right
now on the freeway to get home as soon
as possible what if her water broke I
don't know I don't know what to think
all right I need to update you on the
past and then so far don't like I said I
was literally what I felt like was
peeing on myself then I started getting
a little bit nervous because it wasn't
happening when I was coughing it was
just kind of falling out of me decided
to go to the bathroom this might be a
little too much information I have to
smell it to make sure that it smells
like pee or that it's pee or look at it
you know and I did and it didn't really
smell like pee it smelled weird I don't
know how to describe what it smell like
exactly but I could say didn't really
look like paint really smell like pee so
I googled and then I was like well I
guess there's a possibility that it
could be amniotic fluid there is cases
where you don't have like where your
water breaks doesn't gush but maybe you
have like a pinhole and like it starts
to leak out of course I called Brian he
was really panicky he's like really
upset so we went to the car and I called
my doula and my doula is also a little
bit nervous about it as well so I
believe we're gonna have to make a stop
at the hospital that's where we're at at
this point I'm currently sitting on
something because I don't want to ruin
my mom's brand-new car yeah a little bit
for him definitely nervous I'm getting a
little bit like hot like
really hope this is an amniotic fluid
because that would be like that would
really suck I'm only 33 weeks and not
that I would go into labor but it could
mean that I can definitely on like bed
rest and it could just mean a lot of
complications I just discovered that my
car can drive itself I always wondered
what this pilot assist was you press it
look at I'm not touching the steering
wheel it's it's driving for me I'm not
touching the steering wheel right now
you guys
what that even heck yeah still racing to
the hospital I thought I was going to
the wrong one so that's awesome I turned
around and still trying to get to Missy
I right they were happy when I are I've
got my resurgence and we get head up to
labor deliveries that they can shed I
feel like this is just pee but I do want
to get it checked
I have no really nervous and I also pull
my midwife and she feels like it's my
water and my doula feel like it's my
water so I'll just kind of like feel
like I don't know I'm trying not to like
stress also update on baby he's kicking
and moving like crazy so he's like fine
made it guys finally made it and I'm
walking in to the hospital to meet Missy
see what the heck is going on they're
checking right now to see if amniotic
fluid or poopy
or I guess the cervical mucus also could
just be like starch pregnant yeah and
that's the baby's heart be that we're
hearing because baby's fine whooping and
do this thing I'm having like everyone
still feel like a tightening but it's
more like a cramp I don't know it
doesn't hurt but I can feel it
so they did the test that they were
supposed to do and it turns out a Peter
Malnati don't that you really was a PE
know that there's no way of knowing yes
they said oh that's definitely been no
but it definitely isn't a me on it it's
definitely in the air but it's totally
just pregnancies does it possibly grows
pregnant chicks are gross you guys grow
so embarrassing
okay as long as it's not having on
occlude and he stays in there yep
exactly that's like doesn't matter
it's so embarrassing to like you've
never been so happy just to be told
you peed we are out of there we've made
it come on are we there it's like way
too long guys I don't know what it was I
really don't think it was playing really
I just I don't know it I don't know kind
of gross but I'm just glad that it's not
amniotic fluid they were being like a
bit dramatic then though this is not my
hospital that I go to hospitals like an
hour and a half away so I just went to
the nearest hospital but this hospital
I've I've had that experience is not and
I don't really agree with how they do
things they try to give me like a really
strong heart and medication because they
felt that I was having like contractions
but they were not contractions kind of
irritated that they were trying to give
me some strange medication but hopefully
this baby stays in for a lot longer stay
in there k we're back we got the whole
fam family and this baby is staying in
there yes yes seen I've been working on
the rooms trying to get those finished
and now we're taking a dinner break so
we're all eating some food how are you
doing ollie
rawr oh he's got his Dino nuggets they
go rawr huh no it's not a Moo it doesn't
it doesn't go Moo
they go he actually doesn't eat cow I
don't think he's ever eaten cow has he
he's all about that chicken good buzzer
by dolly boys want some chicken
num num num now it's your turn you're
gonna get buzz a kiss good night
there you go mmm I love you we are
saying good night to our little baseball
player be a finite day he'd be tired
so I think it's gonna go well tonight I
have his room almost complete we'll
probably get to film the tour on Sunday
but tonight is his first night sleeping
in his big-boy bed and I hope it goes
well been like no he's not ready but I
really like he does so good to be in his
bed at night um I think he's gonna sleep
good I think it's all we got just like
when he wakes up in the morning teaching
the database you want to sleep there you
silly boy see I'm really excited for you
guys to see his big-boy room I've been
working hot we've been working hard on
it all day I'm really excited I'm
excited kill me it's just crazy
he's growing out of his clothes he's
growing out of his crib he's growing out
of everything except our heart anyway
they're gonna go to bed I'm a new head
and today's flag you guys did enjoy
click that thumbs up button and leave a
happy friendly comment below thank you
guys for watching we shall see you
manana by like the finger
oh man
don't google it so yeah I was holding
the knife and then it
