yeah it's a little bit of a bummer that
you know there's like something wrong
but it's I'm not like stressed about it
he's gonna be okay he's gonna be like
give me a normal little boy he just we
just gotta keep an eye on this and make
sure it's not something that could get
worse
you're gonna take a bite say good
morning kiss a mornin morning guys we
woke up today and I'm still slightly
sick I've got that's headed chest
congestion going on we're eating our
breakfast I have a doctor's appointment
today and all he's eating his breakfast
you're doing so good at eating your
breakfast look at you Cochise don't put
too much naina in there
look at this since but Nana's over
bedtime even did you just be karma that
all is really good at just like sneaking
food to karma karma loves it
mommy's doing laundry and we are
watching Ellie and Jared right now and
all he's diggin uh not let me see you
seeing do it just like sitting here put
it strumming his guitar and singing not
not although it's not a guitar it's a
ukulele but it's for him it's like a
very miniature guitar we're having a
productive morning trying to clean up
and get things all washed and clean and
look at it I always am gonna fold our
clothes and I put them in piles and you
know like this is all Bryan's clothes
and these are my clothes these are all
these clothes and look at this these are
Finn's clothes these has one one thing
right now it says if you think I'm like
I'm cute you should see my auntie I'm
gonna have like four piles of clothes
when I'm doing laundry so I think that I
just thought that was kind of fun that I
now have a pile for Finn good morning
Internet how is it going I'm out here
checking on the pool because it seems
that it's back to normal
finally it's just a little bit cloudy
but you can see the bottom of it and I
don't know if I showed you guys but
almost every single time when we leave
and come back we come back to a bright
green pool it was so great it was like a
swamp it was like Shrek's swamp the pool
guy came over he said everything looked
good he just didn't know I was green so
I think he's gonna install like an
algaecide in the tank as soon as we got
home I want to jump in the pool but we
couldn't so now the chlorine is a little
bit on the high side so we're probably
gonna wait another day before we swim we
got a hot day guys we got a hot
coming up who is that cutie with buzz we
just took some photos out there and holy
hotness that is raunchy why are you
wearing those how didn't even talk to
Auggie yes look at that belly though wow
it's getting big
a month before I'm full term here in the
car and we are headed to my ultrasound
and Briah baby's not hold with all you
know he takes a nap and stuff and we are
basically going for an ultrasound
because I had the anatomy scan they saw
a couple things they saw like a heart
issue which we've already had checked
out and they also saw a kidney issue
meaning that the kidneys for a slightly
dilated yeah it's pretty common with
boys and it seems to usually reverse
itself but this is basically just a
double check to make sure it is reversed
and if it isn't we'll have to figure out
a plan of action because like does the
third just got kicked up on the road our
new car is no it does sit and I also
wanted to talk about one thing okay all
he's not in the car right now but we had
a lot of questions as to why he is still
rear-facing I guess it's just not
something that's really well known so if
I can find like a link I will link it
down below but basically it is
recommended that your
I'll stay here facing till at least two
years preferably until like four
obviously you have to have the right car
seat for it and I don't know how long
hope your own face I was I would love to
go as long as possible but I mean I feel
like yeah it is easy as long as the keys
fine then I'm fine and it obviously it's
safer that way but I'll leave some
information down below about extended
rear facing because I do feel like a lot
of parents don't know we're all finished
and we got some cute pictures you
feeling okay thank you belly has
definitely dropped babe is that happen
this early yeah we got some cute profile
shots and also check out this you guys
that is his hand and that's his foot
he's grabbing his toes and he was
actually pulling it up to his his space
was up here he's like pulling it up to
his face thank you my lady my queen got
the belly in there we are on our way
home we just not know it our appointment
and it went pretty good he's been great
he's
right on track as far as his kidneys one
does see this still be slightly like
dilated it does have more fluid than it
should so like normally when they
measure it it should be no more than
seven and his is like eight or nine it's
just me is that he has a risk of kidney
infection after he's born
yeah when he's born he will go right
after in the hospital he'll have a
ultrasound on his kidneys and his heart
no we're just gonna hope and pray that
everything is resolved by the time he's
born because I mean this is something
that is pretty common yeah it's a little
bit of a bummer that you know there's
like something wrong but it's I'm not
like stressed about it he's he's gonna
be okay he's gonna be like it's gonna be
a normal little boy he just we just got
to keep an eye on this and make sure
it's not something that could get worse
hey kiddo what are you doing driving
your your whole fort thingy is that what
you're doing yeah I Jeff fun tip fun
with Mimi and NP you have lots of toys
at the bottom so be careful go go go you
okay
she's kid zero to sixty in this room we
are getting dinner going aren't we buddy
you want food
okay we'll get you some food I just cook
dinner I made homemade chicken strips
which look really good and we got mashed
potatoes and gravy Missy is putting some
food together for Olli he's having a
chicken mashed potatoes and an orange
I want a cutie huh now I got a cutie I
we're taking a bath yeah I boat
we just finished dinner or taking a bath
and we're gonna get some stuff went
upstairs Bryan is trying to hook up this
TV but we lost the screws this has kind
of been put away for a while because we
weren't gonna put it
you just got soap all over your face you
okay yeah we have it use this TV in a
while you are are you gonna go right now
yeah okay yeah likes to jump on it
probably it still turns off I know so
yeah this has been sitting here for a
while like we should we should like set
it up and put in our room he was like
I'm gonna do it right now and then all
the screws are lost and he's so funny it
sounds like well then let's just do it
later he's like if I do it later then
I'm never gonna do it so now he's
actually going to loathe you don't
that's how Bryan it like if I'm gonna do
it I have to do it otherwise I'm never
gonna do it all he's giving up like my
room I am I'm putting together friends
nursery yep both videos will probably
have a tour on their channel yes yes we
will do it to work but we're really
excited so all he gets all his new
furniture tomorrow and we are selling
his crib and everything because it
doesn't match Finn's room and we've got
all of Finn's furniture in there and we
just have to set it up so it's like so
crazy like everything is gonna be like
put together and always gonna have a
twin bed and I'm really
I'm very optimistic that everything is
gonna go really well it's gonna be in a
big boy bed I don't think he knows
what's coming though we have been like
unboxing stuff in Finn's room and Brian
just sliced his finger yeah oh man is
gross look at that little cut and point
it towards so we can see it right it's
not that bad so yeah I was holding the
knife and then it's I was cutting the
box and then it started to fall and then
I grabbed it and sliced a good little a
good little slice on my finger I don't
know I think we're gonna need like three
switches good oh I hate blood and I hate
I need things like this it sucks yes is
the price is there a priority nine on
one cuz this is pretty bad look all this
there's blood everywhere there's blood
everywhere
okay I'm sorry there's no doc mcstuffins
I'm not flipping you off yeah okay okay
Karma's so concerned I cut my finger
I was
put your eyes
you decided to take your chin
take a chance on me
that's a notebook drive up break it down
we don't need that can you finding your
finger disease we go to any trouble
haha
