Oliver is in these adorable overalls
look out cute ears oh my goodness good
morning guys from beautiful st. Croix
Virgin Islands we're looking outside of
our window absolutely gorgeous look at
that water and Brian sitting here
reading a magazine casually discover
thank you know st. Thomas is like right
next to us yeah yeah taxi there is that
also part of the United States yes I
would love to check out the British
version I mean I know we can but um I
don't know if we'll have like the energy
and time to do that how what do you
think of my like little touristy outfit
right now I'm wearing a hat today
because I'm trying to cut it from the
Sun I've got sunglasses and a shirt on
and I will be sweeping it yeah I really
need some sunscreen yeah oh by the way
if you see that is Brian I haven't
watched the vlog I hit in the middle of
watching it because I love watching our
vlogs when I can see Ollie at home what
he's doing I seriously miss him so much
you guys I can't even like I knew that
this trip was gonna be hard because I'm
pregnant and extra emotional especially
when it comes to Ollie like I'm kind of
like overly emotional about him and the
fact that he's growing up and stuff I
knew coming here was going to be really
hard because I'm basically taking a week
off from being a moth holes and so yeah
it's really hard and I'm really excited
to see him but I'm also really enjoying
the Virgin Islands I literally have
slept more sleep that I've slept in
years really nice it's been really
nice and just hanging out with my
husband like honestly like just being
with him and like relaxing it's been
really really nice and just reconnecting
and talking and honestly like we haven't
had the vlog as much because Cassie's
walking so much at home and so we just
get lots going out and relax and talk
and be with each other there is no one
else I'd rather stare at my phone within
you good morning guys I just got home
from kickboxing a little while ago and
I'm gonna go get cleaned up we have a
couple things planned today but my main
thing is that I have a high karma I a
hair appointment today I might get a
haircut I'm gonna probably just get some
highlights in and then I don't know what
else we're doing today for today but I'm
sure it's me really fun all right we are
having lunch by the pool check out this
view oh and look what's here I got a
chicken sandwich Missy got a grilled
cheese and yes those are being go cards
save me some ice cream is there tune
bingo right now where you can like when
ice cream and rum so that's pretty
awesome I hope we been going forever
there I think since I was like a little
kid they used to play it in like when
there was a rainy day in school or
something something excited I am so
close we need to make an X just need
i-17
know what I really want that ice cream
for Missy oh my god that's what a white
big oh yeah
I made an X Brian is claiming his prize
there is chicken with you anyone a
bottle of cruising rum oh that's not
even ice cream I'm sorry I'll buy you
ice cream okay
all right Lucy got her ice cream and it
kind of got all over her funny cuz
you're sitting by the pool pregnant and
you guys came all over you it's good
though huh hey guys okay so Cassie's off
to her hair appointment and I'm here
with the dogs
and Ollie and he's got waking up from
his nap so I thought I'd take you with
me to go see him
oh man Andy put you to bed with a book
yeah is that all I do you saying can you
say hi you would to bed with a with a
book yeah is it Elsa and you tore it oh
man well that's what happens right this
what happens when you put a book in a
bed with a toddler I think it is that's
okay where's woody oh there he is
all right you ready to get up okay let's
go we have checked out the mermaid beach
but this is the other side of the beach
in grotto and it's a bit different you
can actually see a lot more things
that's like a rock or something yeah
yeah you can only enter through those
orange buoys which kind of makes me
nervous
I don't know there could be coral reefs
scorpion fish line fish or sea urchins
be that I don't want to get in anything
where I can get absolutely stung or hurt
or something but I mean they say just
get in that in that area but and that
makes nearest waters warmer than I wanna
feel oh yeah that is more
the pool my foam ice I just got back
from my hair appointment we basically
just kind of recolored it lighting it up
a bit a little bit of a trim Oliver is
in these adorable overalls lookout cute
ears oh my goodness whoa
what's he doing buddy help you that's a
new thing actually he's been saying he's
been saying help me he's been like
grabbing on hand and Draya say help me
help me and so that's kind of cute oh I
didn't know he could actually do this
he's doing good okay before I think
before he couldn't do this yeah now we
can't yeah Oh God so we just got to
wrote the new world - a flying guy but
pretty freaked out about it he doesn't
really like things that move I know yeah
you never have if you like get in front
of it it moves back it's okay it's okay
ooh so you're not a big fan you're not a
big fan of the robot do you want to go
away yeah we got but let's be needs to
go away
okay so apparently it dances it's gonna
do a little dance all right
always not impressed at all dance
you should get you want to dance with
him yes you want to dance with him oh
there you go okay it's a nice robots and
I just went snorkeling and when we were
coming in we decided to hunt for
seashells I broke a couple of them look
at this one yeah that's so cool and like
it was opened up in the bottom of the
ocean like this that's so cool got it so
cool they cool because we found them
while snorkeling in the Caribbean Sea
it's pretty epic also we saw like some
really cool stuff as soon as we got out
there umm I saw a sea turtle he was a
little guy he was probably only like
three feet long he was fast I saw him I
was trying to get meeseeks attention and
I like yelled underwater and then I
think it startled them like if you like
thank you seemed away like he was big
but we see big oh yeah we've seen really
really big turtles like he was like a
little guy compared to that but that was
really cool like you would like and all
the other guys have you seen they're
just like so slow and they're like oh I
wanted a stingray on the way in yeah and
then mrs. Austin right here like get
away from it I didn't those do stingrays
have like the barb on them cuz I didn't
see any kind of barb under his tail or
anything I don't know yeah I don't know
I was just afraid he's gonna like shoot
is barb at me yeah I don't think they do
that okay I think they just like stab
you at that see no that looks pretty
cool we actually just grabbed snorkel
gear and fins and then like swam out
there on our own had a good time it's
pretty cool it you can just like do that
right here yeah I just see a turtle or a
stingray like literally right there
that's pretty epic I'm having cookies
and ice cream so we just had dinner and
now we are all having dessert even olly
olly bet nom find something else you
wanted to eat off of here let's use your
spoon use your spoon buddy you're out to
dinner
look at this hottie who I'm having
dinner with
she looks so good we are in a lobster
kick apparently I got lobster ravioli
which is amazing and Missy got lobster
fettuccine alfredo yeah we're at this
place called Sion modern kitchen it's
really really cool and they have really
good food a lot of stuff is made
in-house like they have homemade ravioli
homemade fettuccine homemade bread
pretty awesome yeah try it cut cut it
open it's crazy it's like there's huge
chunks of lobster in it don't you eat
the spinach babe the spinach is good
that is what the inside of the ravioli
looks like you guys look at that huge
chunks of lobster it's so good
go ahead and end the vlog so we will see
you guys tomorrow
oli can you say bye Oh what are we doing
tomorrow
should we tell them or should we just
keep it a secret we're gonna go
somewhere really fun gonna go somewhere
really awesome and fun tomorrow should
be a good vlog and we're even kicking
Jimmy my dad can't go cuz he'll be at
work I'm really excited I don't like
Nutella guy ever could keep a secret
Ollie are you excited son yeah he say
good night mm-hmm thank you buddy
really into that ice cream yes he is a
chocolate fanatic it's like his mama do
what you're gonna stick my face in the
toilet why cuz I put the toilet seat up
alright guys that's all for today's vlog
we just FaceTime dolly and he was super
cute and hilarious and awesome and I
love him and I miss
him and he's being a little stinker brat
so you can only miss him so much but
anyway we had an awesome day I hope you
guys did too
Cassie I hope you guys had an awesome
day also come on I'm Lea excited cuz
we're ghosts nor killing it going on
going on a boat I'm talking okay we're
going to one of the top ten most
beautiful beaches in the world in the
world yeah it's gonna be pretty epic so
don't miss tomorrow's vlog thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
today's video click thumbs up go check
out the new merch signed posters
backpacks lunchboxes shirts all that fun
stuff linked down below also we'll see
you guys yeah my that's where I wanna be
II I do
instead
this is home
