good morning guys we woke up to an
uninvited visitor we're gonna be okay
we're gonna bring I show you
oh my god
what the heck is this I'm shaking I
don't get the cockroach I think it
really is
look at this cockroach you guys it's
just laying there chillin oh my gosh how
gross is that movie that is like the
size of like three quarters I feel like
my god we could never live on an island
listen the they're going to have lizards
and geckos come into your room so yeah
but cockroaches
that's raunchy good morning guys it is
Sunday there's a brand new day and
Oliver just woke up and I made him
breakfast let's see here we made
pancakes and banana and you got some
milk
Ollie is it good yeah it's good we have
a lot of fun stuff planned today so I
think we're going to go to Olivia and
Payton's and go play that sound like fun
buddy yeah buddy he's been super good
with us thank goodness he's been going
down for naps and bedtimes super easy no
crying no screaming super great you miss
mommy and daddy
hey thumbs up thumbs up Massena I are
walking the grounds of the resorts and
we are headed to lunch to grab some food
you have an appetite after seeing that
guy oh I'm ready to eat you can't ruin a
pregnant woman's appetite
we haven't sleeping all day it's been so
nice I don't think I've slept that much
in two years at least it was so nice
getting to relax like that I can't get
over this ocean or this sea it's not an
ocean it's the Caribbean Sea is it
Caribbean or Caribbean I think it
friends really I got already my mom got
already with me and we are off to my
aunt's house and we're going to play
with Olivia and Payne hopefully Ollie is
excited are you excited ollie
ah ah as a yes though we are skipping a
nap so we'll see how long how well that
works
I'm missing our gettin burgers neon it's
a little nervous about
didn't really I mean I can appreciate
the dinner she got that I was like I'm
so proud of you
I was like starving to death yeah and we
were up for like like over 24 hours so
it was kind of crazy over 14 hours yeah
it was amazing but we're getting some
lunch right now we got burger on the
resort in this little restaurant it's
all open up we're at my aunt Christie's
and we have here Olivia and Payton hi
guys you say hi and Ollie are you
playing with them of course all they
found the two weapons to play with don't
put it in your mouth that's weird
you guys playing look at ha yeah what's
in there very single hanging out here on
the screened-in porch area soaking in
this view and the sound and it feels so
good today actually though we are moving
to another hotel the one that we wanted
to go to didn't have a room available
for last night so we had to book one
night here and the rest of the stay
there it was kind of a bummer but it was
nice to be able to get to see like two
different sides of the island because
this is actually on a really rural part
of the island and the other one is on a
very modern it's more like in a city but
has a really nice waterfront feel so
good out here the weather's been
incredible we just dropped my mom and
Oliver off at home and we put him down
for nap so he sleep in and so me and
Jimmy I drew her we went and got some
lunch if we got Jersey Mike's for
everyone and now we're headed home so we
can eat all tomato go swimming just got
to our second hotel you're staying at
the Buccaneer which is really cute and
like historic and nice really close to a
city which has a lot of history which
about the Internet can be really awesome
oh really I've got oh nice Missy's on
she's like she's like how long is Brian
gonna be in front of his computer upload
a so that's cool they do have us in a
two Queen room which means that we can
totally push these guys together it's
set up a little differently than our
other hotel rooms so it's got this big
main area nice high ceilings again it's
got a little bar area refrigerator
closet bathroom and then it's got this
really cool like patio section so you
come out here and you got this cool area
looks out it right onto the speech says
mermaid Beach Missy I know it's cool oh
yeah we could totally just hop this huh
this is gonna be really cool do you
think they find any mermaids as we were
driving in the driver was showing us the
spot where Christopher Columbus landed
on his second voyage in cinema Santa
Maria 1893 and they met a possibly 1492
something like that you guys come on you
can google it okay check me here they
met up with some Indians and then had a
brawl yeah but not quite sure how it
ended but this is now America so I'm
probably not very good for the Indians I
don't know it's just really cool being
on this island it's got a lot of history
it's beautiful I'm excited place up from
his nap and we are all going swimming
Olli
hi dad I see Aaron Amy hi mama
all right we're gonna walk down to the
beach Oh careful careful good
yeah it's kind of steep yeah walk that
way a little ways it's kind of
interesting because of the last place
and at this place it's not very busy
yeah everything
quiet and just like no it's nice well I
love palm trees right I know that's
really cool
oh my god so good oh it feels so good I
love it
you
fun at school little pier dock by our
Beach that's really cool
I'm just so happy to be here with you I
love you thanks for being married to me
you should be married to me thanks for
having my children for the past I could
not do that that you're welcome
hey you know what tickle you Holly come
here lady
took them on my home tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle
hey hey oli how are you hi I'm saying
yeah hi buddy did you go smell ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka he's
throwing stuff at you Wow he has been a
stink but today so we're out at dinner
and Missy is feeling hiccups for the
very first time
it counts right here Nelson I'm like
wait a second I felt 10 kicks in like 10
seconds oh wow
the funny thing is yeah I've never felt
hiccups before it was only he never had
them and I was always waiting i
wonderful feels like a Buddha and I'm
pretty sure
pick up is that normal for it to be that
fast like he's definitely like a
consistent like yeah oh so we just got
done facing like Missy and Brian and I
just want to say today I went out to the
gas station and I bought a bunch of
water I think it's like look at this
guys I bought like 13 lottery tickets I
am 18 by the way so it was legal and
every single one was nothing I spent
nearly like $30 in lottery tickets and
all of them were duds except for one I
got a free ticket
it's one of those $1.00 ones though
solely you just got out of dinner and we
are taking a little stroll through the
grounds of where we're at we're at a
place called The Buccaneer what can you
who is it was apparently where they
filmed The Bachelor yes oh that's
interesting so basically I win husband
ever this is really pretty though look
at that baby what is that is that like
an old mill you think this is a historic
hotel just pretty cool that is some kind
of mill yeah they're like you just leave
that there
is way too heavy this is Kula they have
lots of little places like this here
there like a table and chairs huh yeah
cool we're definitely gonna need a
history lesson in st. Croix I think
we're gonna try and explore the city
though like Wednesday or Thursday so
we're gonna get a couple days at the
beach and in the water and then we're
gonna go explore the city that has a lot
of history
I mean Columbus sailed here Missy that
is pretty cool it's really cool I'm very
interested in drinking out of the dog
water I know it is Missy is chatting
with Mimi and finding out how all he's
doing sounds like he's having a blast
with Cassie thank you Cassie seriously
for everything you're doing no problem
Brian so cool actually getting to see
what he does throughout the day
intermixed with what we do I think
that's really awesome
keep it up oli I know you're watching I
love you be good be good or you got to
stand in the corner okay I just want to
mention to you that the sign posters in
our new much store are selling out super
fast so if you want to grab one you
should do so soon the new merch is
awesome you guys have got to check it
out link is down below in the
description anyway we're gonna go ahead
and end today's vlog I hope you guys
enjoyed it if you did click that thumbs
up bye da you guys that click that
thumbs up fun I like you say thumbs up
and we will see you manana bye guys
bring your towel and your sunscreen okay
bye big boy as they drive on the other
by the rock
no no guys today I'm down and I can't
promise me and I think we got it because
of the great name I found this thing
when I was out
