can you get baby check out high-five
yeah knuckles can we do knuckles and
then we'll be buggy will you blow it up
yeah
good morning guys me my sister woke up
early me and my sister and Ollie we are
at Macy's right now so we went ahead and
walk to it which was kind of convenient
but the reason we're at Macy's is
because we both literally did not pack
enough clothes I don't know what we were
thinking but we just didn't and not like
that was like I wanted like clothes that
I could like not just like my lay around
the house clothes because I did bring
like my all my maternity shirts but a
lot of them are pretty casual so I just
bought like some jeans because that's
the other thing too it's chilly here we
did not expect it to be chilly and I'm a
little bit cold so I was like I should
probably put some jeans on and maybe
like a little bit nicer like shirts and
stuff Sunday's crazy like 8th floor yes
this Macy has like so many floors we
don't know where anything is sort of
like going up and down these floors
we're trying to hurt his Brian it's
editing this morning as he fell asleep
wall editing he wants to go as soon as
we're ready so ah they're playing Greece
right now so we're kind of jamming out
right you want out oli look what I found
what's that this is like a whole minion
section man see minions aren't just for
little kids they're for the big kids to
me minion thing that was the fastest
shopping
sir has ever done now we're headed back
to our hotel we have with Brian's we can
get our day started
holy who's here right we are obviously
the blogger fair day blogger day she's
got a Cajon he's got the scooter and a
guitar and a scooter and I've got the
baby whoo we are getting on that thing
oh that's so nice out of the future yeah
yeah that's me
it's like
all right we're hopping on to the light
rail alley we're on a ride it's like
Disney he's like looking around like
what are we doing
it's picking up speed it's not like
these monorail
we have made it we are headed over to
the lecture hall where they're gonna
have vlogger day for vlogger fair
Jeffrey and I are riding our boards how
you doing oh good
isn't that awesome guys it's a space
needle bra it's so cool
and there's Spidey hi Spidey
alright guys we are here at vlogger day
featured blogger right here it's
probably the most famous little guy here
he's just like what is going on you guys
look like Jared and I did today nice tan
joggers black shirt
you guys bloggers Fair has jimmy-john we
are eating lunch this is the bloggers
first stage and this is bloggers day so
all of the bloggers all the brands they
get to meet the day before and hang out
in here and chat
we got trucker Josh say hey hey I was
gonna say hey hey they they have like
panels and q and A's and stuff like that
lunch though I'm really excited about
lunch
Ollie found the cookies dude that looks
awesome he's so tired he's got the long
blink going on cookies yep that's my boy
dude look at him just sitting next to
each other how cute is that we got baby
chicken baby Ollie Ollie can you show
her your pinecone yeah and that cool
it's got a big old leaf - can you get
baby chick a high five
yeah knuckles can we do knuckles and
then we'll get woody will you blow it up
yeah to those awesome cute kids we have
been having a lot of fun at vlogger day
we've been talking to a lot of people
and hanging out brian is going to
practice his song he's gonna be on the
safe in front of people but they there's
no people and he's gonna do a little
tracking system we are always happening
here yeah - definitely in the NAP you is
getting pretty exhausted
we're all asleep hey we just finished a
rehearsal on the main stage so I think
we're all set and prepared for tomorrow
which is really exciting we're kind of
on a bumpy surface right now Ellie is
still sleeping in here which is amazing
you see him yeah he is just chillin
but we're walking down here to the
fountain and we're gonna meet up with
only injector
look who we are with a white heron
Jared's parents met up with Jared and
Ellie and we are going to the near the
EMP where they have this really cool
like playground area you're gonna ride
yeah this was not here last year this is
so cool
- I think it's a kids playground which
it is but all the guys are gonna try and
climb up here now
like there's no ladder you just like
climb on these ropes how's it going you
get nothing trying to get to the job so
you go down the slide yeah this slide is
crazy cool trying so hard to get up
there and
oh did he fall uh-huh what happened
Cassie he went down I'm sure he comes
it's okay buddy
oh he's okay and he's fine
is that a birdie
it is a birdie huh so you spin this
thing and then it tilts it and then the
bird or slug or whatever that is there's
not cool all right
all the injection on the swing look at
them swinging next to the space nail
that's the rule
there's don't you Olli told him under
his leg I don't know I feel like this is
doing something that they'll be able to
remember forever swinging on to the
Space Needle this moment all I said bet
you don't say hi baby he's tickling him
hi babe you're gonna have one of those
soon huh buddy look at my little sheriff
woody with his lightsaber walking like a
ballerina yeah walking on his tippy-toes
ollie is all cleaned and ready for bed
aren't you that's a baby yeah feeding me
a breastfeeding baby ollie is all ready
for bed Cassie's gonna stay and watch
him and we are going to the vlogger fair
reception and we're gonna go out on the
town with our friends you love crawling
all over everything don't you two hours
later we went to the party mrs. Dillon
pretty pooped today was a really nice
easy day I'm always so worried about you
I'm like you need to be sitting more
sitting because my skin is like so
stretched when I finish liking the view
- yeah look at this view right here
hot damn girl called a police and a
fireman gonna oh we are all in the hotel
room like we got Katy we got Ana we got
Randy what what up guys oh yeah we got
clintus and it's beautiful that's not
the game we're playing back hey hey soon
we're playing things we're getting ready
the game of seeing not just think oh
okay it's the game of thing it used to
be quite just there anyway we're gonna
play the game
hey go check out everyone's channels are
all linked down below subscribe to our
friends also look at the Ellie anyway
over dancing video he didn't cook that
thumbs up on and subscribe which is my
Hadron slug BAM so
I remember a clumsy girl hiding behind
glasses I was just a lonely boy always
skipping classes oh we came from
different worlds it didn't slow us down
who knew who knew
