there seems to be no sign of intelligent
life buzz lightyear came up here to wish
you a good morning Holly can you give
buzz a hug give him a big hug say good
morning good morning guys and welcome to
another fun daily adventure with the
daily bumps and Bob liked your whoa see
that makes his wings go out pretty cool
huh yeah good morning let's get out of
bed kiddo did you have a good sleep we
are all here today today we are working
on the house so we had to get blinds for
the other room we're getting light bulbs
what Tom what you want to say tell me
what you want to say
you just want to touch it we gave oli
the ceiling brown flush ceiling fan
brush that was a tongue twister to keep
them busy but yeah so we have a lot of
things we need to work on around the
house because it's Sunday so it's a
great day to do it
and we are trying to find light bulbs to
match this size I don't understand it
either inside there's gotta be a certain
color there be a certain wattage now we
are picking paint for the baby's room
Missy you just spoiler alert blue yeah
we're doing multiple things but yes now
we get to do the whole paint thing again
hi you doing okay no he's very grumpy
can I have a kiss mm oh Lisa give daddy
a kiss huh you want me to let you down
there you go yes sweep the floor such a
good boy
do you see this Missy
ah best part about shopping at Target
free cookie yeah popcorn and juice got
to keep this kid happy we're talking now
just got to pick up a couple things I
never realized how satisfying it would
be to eat fresh hot popcorn while
shopping it's kind of like a movie
experience while you're shopping we're
trying to find Cassie and we can't find
her so we're telling Ollie to call for
her feeling Yelper again
say auntie your auntie oh look at that
there she is she just did that
auntie kala and you showed up he's gonna
try and do this now when he's like in
the millet is Neal and he's maybe like
what do you buy in chips and grapes that
sounds like Oh
cherries cool shirt yes auntie's here
now
oli hates Pat's but we're gonna see if
he wears this one that has minions on it
oli do you see what's on there minions
you want to wear it it's a hat goes on
your head what what happened to Rex's
tail oh did you get it I don't know why
Rex's tail comes off I find it kind of
weird because I mean I know lizard tails
pop off but like is there a reason that
I miss a joke where his tail pops off
all the time I don't know but it always
comes off and always like right right
yeah if you talking you can't read okay
be careful
all right get over here we got to change
your diaper baby come on Greg are you
gonna play me some music alright you
play some music yeah do it go go go
you dancin whoa we're home yep alright I
don't know if you guys can tell me he's
got a major poopy yeah
let's change your diaper baby haha just
got done putting our groceries away look
at this I got tons of cups you guys I'm
gonna try these ones out there so you
just drop any of it all my life opens oh
yeah we did get some doc McStuffins one
who loves doc McStuffins and some Tommee
Tippee I didn't have any of the cards I
usually get but and we got plenty of
them but we'll see how long they last
Brian's changing some light bulbs for
being handy-dandy yeah they look good
does look a tad brighter one place of
all we got I don't think you can tell in
the camera at all Oh careful he's got
his hammer he always breaks out his
tools when daddy's like doing something
it's so cute well you are so cute how
you just like to help each other you
trying to pick those up stairs no oh
he's got something probably forgot his
camera or something let's take it
upstairs Joe any help carry okay oh no
you're just gonna ride okay that's not
so helpful that's kind of the opposite
okay we have one last lightbulb I think
so many okay all right all right
wah Ali's room Ali's room this one was
always really dark and now with this one
it's not Laura and I'm like seriously
like this is a this is kind of scary oh
I know how do you even change that one
so bright like 14 Michael's I changed
that with 40 Michael's on this pretty
crazy and then dollars it out for a
while
you think cuz we're on YouTube that we
would have yeah yeah I picked up a leaf
blower at Lowe's today and this is what
they've been doing what Ali anyway yeah
okay so tonight for dinner miss he
actually made leftover chicken gnocchi
soup which gave me the opportunity to
make something that I normally wouldn't
be able to because Mickey is our Mickey
Missy is pretty picky and so I normally
have to stick to like only things that
she'll like or whatever but tonight
since she's not gonna be eating dinner
that I make I decided I'm gonna do
something really interesting so what I'm
doing is I'm gonna be doing sweet potato
gnocchi chicken apple sausage and then
I'm gonna mix it all together in a brown
butter and sage sauce so I'm melting and
basically cooking butter here and I've
got fresh sage and dried sage and then
more fresh sage look at this brilliant
brown butter oMG this looks so good
and there it is you guys sweet potato
gnocchi and a brown butter sage sauce
Hayden
okay I even grilled up that chicken
apple sausage and put it in there - it
smells amazing it smells like a garden a
garden
oh it has a sage in it oh that's funny
look at you guys getting in on the ice
cream
there's my mom's yeah it looks good I
try a piece of the nokey and a piece of
the sausage really cg mm-hmm say gee I
can't we put sage on top of it - huh
it's like sweet and savory interesting
my sausage is good - all right the whole
family is here for a summer nighttime
swim oh yeah Jimmy's not here how's the
water feel babe oh really
has he ever night swims like this
actually no not very often
Wow he did it all the way that was
awesome oli Wow do you want to write
karma you're pulling right at the base
of his tail yeah hey guess what I have a
lion on my shirt I in a lion anyway
that's all for today's vlog ADEA vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
click that thumbs up button if you are
new feel free to subscribe to our
Channel and you can go check out the
song that's playing right now on iTunes
along with some of my other original
stuff that have a 9/10 thank you guys so
much for watching today's vlog and we
will see you manana okay bye
right into the door
that's where I wanna be
Oh
inside
this is hard
just
you
