even though I take a little friend
egypt' a stick and he was like oh forget
that I'm gonna use this palm tree you
wanna fly again okay right you ready to
go bye say good morning again again yeah
happens a lot
fake morning morning guys we just woke
up in our disneyland hotel with Buzz and
Woody Friends finishing up the vlog and
then we are headed back home right you
know I literally want to put on my
pajamas and sit on the couch for three
straight hours just be sure alright
we're home we're home smell em they
smell good
that is a powerful sniffer bro we just
got back from Anaheim we had to make a
very quick target run to grab some stuff
make for food because we've been out of
our house forever and while I was at the
store I picked up is cos n gravy chips
so I'm gonna try them
kind of smell barbecue that's what they
look like
thank you do you like it they're really
good really they taste like biscuits and
gravy
nothing deli days like biscuits and
gravy right
it tastes like we're the gravy I guess
kind of weirds me out I know it's like
let's just replace all the foods you eat
with chips I've never eaten no actually
that's really good yeah but I don't
normally like biscuits ahhhhh yeah ken
is on balloon pop control all you want
to see don't you pop my balloons I'll
kill you you will keep the buzz one
around okay yeah we still have a ton of
party stuff up balloons and this banner
yeah everything's kind of a mess we
didn't have any time to do anything
before we left we still have a pinata uh
boost of the drink things up which this
is probably oh it's lukewarm water this
has just been our life we've been so
crazy hectic busy having a ton of fun
obviously but we haven't had a chance to
really like clean up our house cook it
up don't check it all the grill slates
up check it
got cheese on it that's why it looks
funny you're wondering you got a box in
the mail for your birthday for my family
do you want open it
okay well ooh cards so we got the
package from my mom and my sister hey I
know look at that it's so fuzzy kill it
whoo its buzzy let's open it yeah happy
birthday to the sweetest little monster
around la grandma think she got him Oh
not their little finger puppet I look at
their little finger puppets like a
little dinosaur wrong kick a giraffe no
it's a dinosaur
Oh their dinosaur see Oliver hope you
roar into a totally great birthday love
auntie Bell dings that your birthday was
over so did I well oh thanks thanks mom
and sister oh my gosh do you see this
look at this oh my gosh
ah that crazy he sees a frozen ball look
at that we got some little finger
puppets a minion look at we got a minion
finger puppet that's pretty cool bubbles
oh another ball lookit this is a Mickey
ball what is these mini and yeah these
are those drinks snack cops Missy you
can put like maximum interference
this is minion Bob with a teddy bear how
cute is that
we got minion cereal yeah with the
minion cereal you want on that once you
another minion oh you got a kiss
come hug oh he's like kbecque balloon
bonanza water balloon maker a ball stick
what is that a bubble wine that's fun
too mom
oh look at that belly makes noise thanks
I'll look it who's that
that hold up get your ball jammas and
shirts with olaf and look at this on oh
look at that
minions
forgive this minion shirt it's like the
Beatles
it's so cute shake it off shake it off
ah she liked it and he likes the
packaging too this is minion Bob and he
does things depending on where you press
it oh you love that thing huh look at
all you press the teddy bear press right
there isn't that cool
he loves this though the most you got
the cool little wand huh yeah and minion
yes Ally look at you got minions on your
pajamas and a Woody and Buzz shirt crazy
for summer I love the Beatles one and
another minion 1ss still lives with
parents all right me and Heidi are
outside with Ollie and he is wanting to
play with Lana so he found this stick
even though I date a little brand etude
tastic and he was like oh forget that
I'm gonna use this palm tree he's just
trying to fan you yeah here you go
you're such a good baby oh you want to
go in the water it is a pretty warm day
thank you for that it's a pretty warm
day and I do want to take him swimming
really scared me and I you're just
talking though and hey now this thing
has so many options they could do so
many things even hit mommy all right we
got our bathing suit on and Ollie has
been actually really enjoy
which is really nice and it's exciting
that you like the toy that we got them
you like it yeah this is hard to push
it's supposed to like go down and pump
water into here and then go through all
the things but not very easy to push
I'll leave that there to watch this guy
you can just go right down the slide
whoo nice cool yeah yeah we're going to
jump in the pool
hope it's not too chilly is about 100
degrees outside so it's not too bad what
it feels pretty nice what always like
Dada come in and swim oh this feels so
good it's like nice and breezy outside
and we're all in the hot tub just
enjoying the day back home that feel
great huh you know better it's like
perfect sake oh really
yelling for me apparently come on Holly
whoa
Wow kiddo if it has no fear no fear at
all yeah well it's a cool thing and a
scary thing yeah Wow I've always chicken
nugget in my mouth yeah he loves his
chicken nuggets they're amazing and
missing these make extra because I eat a
couple as I'm making dinner yeah he's
always like oh why didn't you make
enough for me at like you're making
dinner right now
anyways we're making dinner for everyone
and we're really excited Brian got these
special yummy steaks today we've got
steak and it's got bacon wrapped around
it which honestly I'm not a fan of so
I'm asking him to take the bacon off of
mine and ideas it I really I don't want
this flavor of bacon on my stage please
just take it off hey you take it off
whoo so um anyways yeah we're making
that and then he's got his very
delicious to him aughh gratin potatoes
I'm not really a big I run and I got
past it going he got creamy and it's
gonna be a feast and yummy we're trying
to get the kids before we eat dinner I
don't know if it didn't happen cuz
they're so crazy and hectic whoa we got
collision how many things kind of blew
up but we're having a really fun time
this is Kenan Heidi's last night here so
we're gonna try and gonna try and be
single farmer and hang out because this
is it and then they're headed back to
Arizona if you guys haven't checked them
out yet and you guys don't know she's
pregnant can you see the book I I don't
see a bump they'll ask though I see MS
Kim so they say baby Kim I just see
that's a little Kim yeah yeah yeah
it's so funny because he got all these
toys and then we immediately left so
it's like he came back he's like what
are all these toys
I don't know Bangkok I have a laser and
I will use it yeah he thinks it's pretty
cool
huh the problem is he wants to take it
to bed
it makes so much noise that he can't who
are you now hey Winnie alright guys I'm
gonna go ahead and put this kid to bed
and we're gonna hang out it has been
such a couple fun a couple of days I'm
actually like a fun week through a
VidCon and then we get Disneyland and
all that I'm definitely ready to relax
for a little while which would be really
nice
hopefully tomorrow I stay in my PJs all
day long we'll see if that actually
happened so anyways we're gonna go ahead
and go to bed
hey sums up down job good job alright
guys get the body sometimes you enjoyed
it and we'll see you guys tomorrow
hey buddy that's where I wanna be
II I do
cos when Stan
in sad
this is home
just what
Oh cute hi
