hello and good morning this is my
personal umbrella guy so he's just gonna
follow me around all day you know when
you're when you're doing it big on
YouTube you can just you can afford
things like this like no this is cat and
Heidi and that's a little baby oh well
they're alert if you guys didn't see
your video up yesterday which you should
watched okay I told them to so it's fair
game yeah you're pregnant
that's amazing so you and Missy ball
knocked up a Disney miracle yes
well I mean it's not a miracle we know
how it happened let's be honest today
we're gonna win California Adventure
okay eat your pancake I'm gonna be
honest you guys I think California
Adventure is my favorite I love the feel
I love the rides you love Disneyland
because I feel like Oliver has more fun
there but yeah
California Adventure I think is my
favorite
we're in the frozen section shows about
to start but I do really want Ollie to
me Olaf so bad how cute would that be
think you would love it so I think we're
gonna try
poly you're gonna meet Olaf are you so
you're gonna give him a hug right okay
we gotta wait our turn
kisses carrot mwah
Olaf it's so good to meet you can you
tell everyone to click thumbs up oh he's
been waiting so long to meet you he
tickle them ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka
that was cook my life is made all that
was Pali you met olaf ollie and olaf
your names are kind of the same event
go get your spend he ran over here and
grabs then and gave him a big hug and i
was like i can't i can't even resist
he's so cool give him a hug
how cool is that
all right we are now going to do the
Disney jr. live on stage we've never
done this like all like making your
characters like yeah so and then it's
not like making mini and all like a
little character so we're excited to go
to this show cuz they're gonna sing and
do kind of fun it's cool because like
we've got we do go to do some analyze
but we always I always find you always
do different things
oh yeah we have there's things that we
definitely have it though yeah time I'm
excited your AC doc I know take your
booty shake your booty are you making
tiana clap clap cup cup cup cup
come to my house enter that come on
let's go oh I almost forgot to make the
clubhouse appear we need to say the
magic words are you sure did me eat the
magic words are please stop mooska
mickey now let's say them all together
oh my god she is so excited this is like
the funnest thing he's ever done
okay you guys that was honestly one of
the coolest things ever and I think it's
just so great coming to things like that
at Disney because it's so awesome seeing
like your child interact with what's
going on you know like pointing and
clapping and dancing like it's amazing
so now we actually have to go see Elsa
Anna
he points out elsa like i point to her i
point to her in my book how can you
point to anna yeah Ana's over there ah
we're gonna go say hi to them okay no no
this is Ollie not like Olaf
you've never heard of YouTube so how do
you want your cat videos I stopped them
and true and most of them are white so
they get lost
there's no allowed to have the Mia snow
five
so this morning ken got up super or
early and came over here and got us fast
passes for the racer ride at Cars Land
and I've always wanted to do this but I
have never had the chance cuz you have
to get here so early to get fast passes
so now we're heading into Radiator
Springs
here we go just cruising the Radiator
Springs beautiful day beautiful day for
a drive let me tell you
all right we're standing in front of
cards land we're waiting for the boys to
come down they're supposed to come right
here racin
well
that looks like a ton of fun hopefully I
got it this is our view right now you
guys
we are Ariel's Grotto outside we get to
hear the rollercoaster we got the
Paradise Pier so cool that's California
screamin it's a magnetic roller coaster
it's like zero to 60 in three seconds
yeah I was just saying I find it kind of
ironic that Ariel's Grotto it's a good
place and she's out there as a human
she's like I became a human so let's all
let's see all our friends now
is that weird I think the whole beats
with humans with them they're barbaric
Missy's favorite place
Missy love spell she fangirls every time
she sees her definitely need a picture
thank you you got chocolate king this is
our dessert that they served us at Ariel
got up Ariel's Grotto I'm so excited so
we got a creme brulee a little s'mores
chocolate and a chocolate-dipped
strawberry look at this cuteness what's
happening right now Missy got new ears
she was over her sequined ones like the
normal mini ears and then is this like
Daisy's bow
I think it's Daisy's bow yeah
I am feeling really sick already
Wow can you make it fly Olly make it fly
well how it soared over California we
are ending our night at Soarin over
California watching the fireworks from
Disney play but we had an awesome couple
of days here at Disney I'm gonna go to
end today's vlog though so if you guys
enjoyed it click that thumbs up button
and be sure to go subscribe to Southern
Kim packs yeah I mean with those with
those with that bow tie yeah Oh both the
bow ties yes you can't resist so go
check them out thank you guys so much
for watching
tomorrow we are headed home and I'm
looking forward to jumping into our pool
so I hope you guys do in today's vlog
thanks for watching we'll see you
tomorrow I mean Jana I meant pinata
sorry
that's where I wanna be
Benson
this home
