good morning from st. Croix look at that
Missy order it's so pretty Missy ordered
hot chocolate this one I was really
wanting there's only two bucks hot
chocolate hot chocolate a few little
thing and we got like three cups out of
it yeah it's pretty dang good so we're
out here on a little porch think it's
very bright and early
yeah the water looks really good we're
getting ready to head to breakfast
good morning Olli can you say good
morning you won't touch the camera this
morning has been pretty good so far I am
off to kickboxing which I don't think
most of you guys have known that I do
that for the past like month or so I've
been doing kickboxing and I've been
leaving in the mornings usually to go do
it but while I'm gone Mimi's going to
she's gonna be watching Ali Ali's eating
breakfast right now yum yum yum so I'm
gonna head out and then later today
we're gonna have fun are you ready to
have fun
yep that's yet there he is you guys
there's the culprit you see him look at
that he's not even afraid to show its
face
what are you doing bird get out of here
that bird ate my breakfast you guys I
got a whole plate of breakfast I set it
down and then I went to go grab some
ketchup and I was back in the bird
sitting on the table like eating my food
it was hilarious I had to get on a plate
but he was hungry apparently for eggs
and potatoes not weird bird eating eggs
he was really going ham on those eggs
you guys the water here is so beautiful
but check out like when you look really
far out you can see bright feel
yeah they look this bright teal area
like how do I get this time out there
and you can you really can't tell
camera how like absolutely amazing it
really looks it looks but like the water
all around it is so pretty but what the
heck is that right there
you see that little car yeah there's
like a little like must be like a rock
this okay this okay mmm so Oliver just
woke up and I'm going to go get him
right now the dogs are going to help me
cuz they're a bunch of galoot okay let's
go get her
you just woke up from his nap good he
gives you a cutie pie I just sleep oh
does Kota have a ball oh you want it you
go
whoo did you sleep well
I'm sure rapper ever kiss I love you
we are hanging out at mermaid Beach
right now just chilling on the beach
chairs enjoying this breeze it's not hot
out here at all it's crazy huh
the weather is seriously insane you guys
it's not humid it's not hot it just
feels so good so we're just sitting here
trying to get warm so that we can go
into that water cuz it looks amazing and
I think I definitely want to try and do
paddleboarding
they have this cool little beach shack
over here and you can get anything you
need for the water like snorkels or
flotation noodles boogie boards kayaks
paddle boards everything that's included
with the hotel so I think that's pretty
cool we just talked to Mimi back home
and she said all I kind of had a rough
night so we're hoping that he's good for
the rest of the day all right we are
headed to the water Missy put on a shirt
we're trying to do to me girl puts a
tiny camera
so we're outside and the dog are running
around jumping in the water and playing
so nice at their that Kota like that
Kota likes the water now before he
didn't now he jumps in with karma Oliver
is playing with his I forgot what this
is called actually it's okay Oh laughs
everywhere I water everywhere
Stephan you are soaking wet
oh what'd you do buddy right yeah I'll
fix it great they're perfect all of this
is splashing all over the place he is
like soaking wet now
we've got a very intense game of chess
happening right now wait what just
happened
after all that it ended up being a draw
Missy and I both had our kings left and
she had one bishop and there was really
nothing that we could do I think if we
were counting check then you probably
would have one I'm gonna give it to
Missy Missy won everyone's home we're
all back here dogs outside and we just
made dinner and it is um
what are these calls it's okay steak
fries we got chicken we're gonna have
chicken sandwiches oh yeah so we got
going on right now some really yummy
dinner this chicken looks really good
these little crabs walking around on the
bottom and they literally look exactly
like the sand
you see them for like two seconds and
then they sink into the sand and go away
and also all the fish out here are like
invisible they're not like bright colors
like in Hawaii
we're just doing a bit of like
snorkeling by are you found one
for the ocean
it's so kind a devotion brings me down
the ocean I will be
No
it's a sea urchin so cool it like six -
your hand down the water like about
their health waffle you hear oh really
yeah
you have
Julio
longer
I guess my love
is for the
No
you see and I have been relaxing in our
room all night after our long day on the
beach I don't like a two-hour nap yeah
no jet exhaust I swear I think we swam
like a mile yeah right now we are
walking to dinner they're doing like a
special event where they have like light
music and they bring the grills out and
so we're walking over to the mermaid
over here sounds cool
Missy is chugging water like crazy
because she just realized she's
dehydrated
enough water you just drink my water too
not good for that baby you gotta have
lots of water for the baby I got the
mahi-mahi with some creamy Parmesan
risotto and Missy got chicken and a
baked potato what Alex good babe
and it's bath time
whoo are you excited he's super excited
we had a great day today we just
finished dinner and all he's taking a
bath before bed this kids going to sleep
soon we just got back from dinner how
was it it was really good it was good we
got two chocolate cakes to go they're
not fresh yes thanks I know yeah no get
in the freezer
yes so say drink it it's gonna be very
yummy it's gonna be a good time wise the
lies again no nice anyway I want to let
you sir they made my drink really strong
at the restaurant you guys I'm like what
anyway so I want to let you guys know we
actually sold out a signed posters like
a hundred posters ago so what we're
going to be doing is we're going to be
doing a second batch of signed posters
for our merch store they're setting them
to us right now so that when we get back
home we're gonna sign them send them
back and send them out to you guys so if
you haven't got a signed poster you
still can so go check out our new merch
store link is down below in the
description or hand her yes we're gonna
be signing those things until our wrist
hurts before we hit the vlogger fair but
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog I'm actually gonna turn it over to
Cassie who's going to end today's vlog
so we will see it tomorrow Cassie go
ahead and take it away thanks Brian and
really guys thank you guys all so much
for being so nice and on the comments
and all your tweets and Instagram post
you guys are all so awesome a lot of you
guys have brought up about me starting a
channel if I did start a channel if I
did start a channel
what do you guys think I should call it
leave a comment down below but about
what you guys think you guys should
definitely check out a new merch store
the links are down below in the
description also if you guys haven't
seen Missy's 30 week bump date that's
also in the description below and I
think that's it for today we will see
you guys tomorrow bye like you say bye
say bye I'll say bye Ali look at me Ali
Ali Ali Ali holy such a long Nene hey
how are you get this okay
