Wow this looks like a wallpaper right
here
hey guys it's Cassie as you guys know I
am vlogging for the next few days while
missing Brian are away on their baby
moon and we've just been running a few
errands today it's been pretty fun do
some fun things ollie
Haley you want to say hi hey hi hey hi
hey
I wouldn't like screaming so we have a
few things planned for right now we're
going to do some fun things Ollie why
just sitting there
planking me blinking good morning guys
from I am
I am
Oh Jordan and Mike will take us to our
final destination and where Miami right
now in an Airbus
very hot we were here can I just say we
just wrote on the same airplane in John
Legend
that was pretty cool I have her to
muffin going to bathroom it was pretty
great and then when he got off playing I
went to ask for selfie but he jump right
on a little car and then they like
something you do with your television
yeah we're Miami right now and we headed
to my station
oh right the park now you ready buddy
buddy hit the park at foggy ready oh we
got fun buddy
key put your hands up can you go give
uncle a big hug tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle
oh you got him so uncle came and joined
us said hi
so we're just still at the park all he's
having a blast and love Missy peace in
the
all right you guys we are on our plane
headed to our final destination and we
pointed out this is definitely her seat
she's got a girl and I've got a guy the
window like yeah apparently when you're
on a plane with a package women don't
ask for the window lastly yeah that's
how you travel when you're pregnant
so good out here okay
alright guys you wanna know where we are
we're gonna tell you right now that's
the da da da da st. Croix
I had no idea this was the home of
Captain Morgan Missy it feels so good
out here huh
that was probably one of the most
craziest rides we've ever had mine for
sure that guy ever I would never be able
to do that I'm like I'm really glad I'm
not driving here I thought you're gonna
die like a dolphin
hey we didn't die we made it you just
walked into her sorry really
if you don't know we're in America still
alike yeah so this is the American
Virgin Islands we're in st. Croix and
they drive all the other side of the
road does this be livin no speed limit
no no there's got it today I was out and
about and I came across this thing and I
basically got it just because of
fig-leaf his name but I found this thing
when I was at all he really likes it
it's from adventure time I just liked it
because the name it says his name all he
really likes and wants to opening on me
to open it can you ask uncle I just
thought it was I just thought it was
really cute like a little neither called
punk goes little miniature bobblehead
Funko yeah the keychain also you like it
ollie
alright we got into our little room and
it's so cute we actually took a little
nap because I was like I can't I can't I
can I'm going to give you a little room
tour it's actually kinda feel like it
kind of looks like a hut but okay so
this is our front door this is our
living room it's got a TV up here with a
nice desk for Brian to work and then we
have a little kitchen which I love like
we have like a nice fridge stove
everything we need
microwave yes the bed and if you look up
here so this is like the ceiling I think
this is very cool this kind of just
gives you like a beach feel so you come
out here
here like a screened-in porch area yeah
it was like cushions on the table and
then and then we had the feet you see
right there there it is that is the
Caribbean Sea people Caribbean see
there's like pirates out there I've
never ever touched the Caribbean Sea I
can't wait to touch it I love it like
look at this like there's just like palm
trees and it's just a very Caribbean
feel actually and then of course I got
to show you the bathroom which is
actually super cool-looking got this
kind of kind of got like this big
hallway with the two sinks big ol closet
and then here is our bathroom with a
shower it's a really really big shower
it's got this glass here so I really
like that I like taking showers so I
love our room rec room turned out really
super cute the Internet is a little bit
of a bummer but yeah being this a
miracle has happened yeah so um we work
we definitely worked hard to get this
log up if it's up Bali hey buddy I love
you hi what is trying we are walking out
to the water through this little path
right here
Wow
this looks like a wallpaper right here
that crazy so this is the Caribbean see
you guys
beautiful Wow Wow did you see that
oceans live in the rocks so you have to
be really careful you don't step on them
alright we are going to touch the
Caribbean for the very first time y'all
ready for this what do you think
it's warm but it's also refreshing would
you say it's as warm as Florida I would
say it's about there ooh here we go wow
you have the candle it feels awesome you
guys the coolest part our little Hut
thing is like right over there this is
insane and check out my hottie with a
body wipe in her new bathing suit
Wow all right we are at dinner
I got a Jamaican style jerk chicken
which is really good
Missy got a petite filet filet mignon so
it's on top of like a sweet potato
potato and then link up the blackberry
yeah this is pretty dang good and look
at this video guys right on the water
and we got live music goin over there to
Friday Sunday for the win we got a
brownie sundae we devoured it alright
guys we are back from dinner and back at
our hotel room I think we're gonna get
ready though and go hang out by the pool
for the rest of the night yeah I want to
like relax my muscles they've been
airplane for many many many hours yeah I
slept for like two hours total on the
plane I mean then we started a brand new
day yeah I feel like today is still the
same day and I don't know if I slept but
I like what goes in and out I'm so
uncomfortable at her yeah guys didn't
know we're actually here because it's
our anniversary
yeah so you're saving me which a lot of
people been asking what a baby with it
it's just something that you go on with
her husband like a honeymoon but it's
before baby yeah like a babymoon
kind of like a anniversary we are having
a blast here in the Caribbean with each
other
but we're going to go ahead and call it
a night on the blog if you guys enjoyed
it click that thumbs up button because
we got a vlog up holy cow what the
internet sucks how'd you do that I don't
know
I say Olli I love you yes Olly if you're
watching we love you buddy
will FaceTime you again tomorrow hope
you're having fun with auntie hi mama
I heard that down okay Sam miss you miss
you
everything's going great here huh buddy
hey hey yay we're gonna party without
you guys I love you hey I am no you okay
say bye and that's all that we have for
today we will see you guys tomorrow but
Olli can say by one more time that's
close enough ready whoo that's where I
wanna be
up inside
