good morning Internet today's vlog is
brought to you by Target what does that
mean exactly that means that early this
morning I woke up bright-eyed and
bushy-tailed and I made a target run I
got all the essentials for breakfast
this morning
because I thought today is a good day to
make breakfast for my family and Missy's
reaction was the funniest redo their
action no yes her and Ally were very
excited that I'm going to make them
breakfast this morning I'm gonna make
you breakfast this morning okay buddy
hey yay so I had to get all the
breakfast essentials from Target this
morning I got Market pantry flour sugar
the shredded cheddar cheese for eggs
which I also got market pantry eggs and
butter I got lots of fruits and berries
such as bananas and raspberries and
blueberries you like blueberries huh I
also got some of this Archer Farms
Applewood thick-cut bacon which is
probably our favorite bacon it's so
yummy and then of course we always need
milk in the house so I got some milk and
simply lemonade and I also got simply
orange because if you mix simply
lemonade was simply orange it actually
makes a really good breakfast treat hey
Ollie what do you want for breakfast
this morning
food okay I'll make you some food
let's turn all of this into a yummy
breakfast for my family
you
look at this beautiful breakfast cute
guy are you so excited to eat food food
all right let's put your plate up for
your buddy
and we'll give you some bananas and some
berries and some eggs some blueberries
and then we'll even give you some
pancake hey wooden Anna's oh hey num and
there you haven't you guys delicious eat
leave em all he's pretty excited you can
eat special thanks to a target for
sponsoring this blog and this beautiful
breakfast obviously you guys know we
shop at Target all the time and we love
it cuz you can get all the essentials
everything you need and this looks
pretty dang good so we're gonna dig in
that's how you eat breakfast with your
foot on the table Holly
num
hey guys I am out about running errands
I don't know if you guys know yet but we
are headed off to our babymoon tonight
like late late tonight so I have some
last-minute things that I need to get at
where do you think to get some
stuff for the house for like Olly while
we're gone and then stuff for me
obviously to finish up packing and stuff
but I actually haven't started packing
packing is underway brands got all his
stuff up here and I'm starting with some
bathroom stuff and I'm pretty excited I
just got these tubes to put like your
travel like a shampoo wash stuff like
that and they're like just like the up
and up brand check them out they're
silicone they're like very soft silicone
II just put like my body wash into this
one and I feel like I'll be able to like
squeeze a lot out I feel like it holds a
lot so I'm just going to put some
shampoo and conditioner into these and
I've got all these other essentials that
I need to compact head bring with me
Olly is actually taking a nice nap which
is good for me so I can get some stuff
done and I think auntie's coming over
because she's going to kind of learn how
to import footage to us while we're away
that way you know you guys can see
footage from both of our angles which
we're really excited about we think
that's kind of a cool aspect that we get
to do I am running some errands today
today I'm actually taking care of this
yeah I have Apple care on this watch if
you guys don't know Ollie through it did
get something hard and basically cracked
it and I was hoping to have this before
we left for a babymoon so I made an
appointed a to see what they can do just
had to run to the bank run to the post
office do a bunch other stuff and this
is last on my list and that it's headed
home to pack I still have not packed
didn't we tell you we're leaving today
I'm kind of I'm kind of freaking out
about it still alright
packing is coming along nicely
I think I'm actually almost done and
Ollie just woke up boom kind of really
excited to get him for the ollie good
morning how are you
you slept so good you guys he slept for
like two and a half hours I probably
made up for your missed nap loss
yesterday going to bed so late ah hey
hey guess what who's here yeah maybe
there hi one day three old Megan injures
Olivia you huh go team ma let's go see
me me he wants to play with the water
table so badly huh oh she's trying to do
it right if you want to drink water tell
me I'll give you some water
it's such a nice day today actually it'd
be a great day to jump in the pool but I
am still packing who wants to jump in
you want to go in karma that feel nice
let's feel it I'm gonna feel it oh yeah
that feels really nice I've good news
and I have bad news about the watch good
news is it was only $79 to replace it
because I have the Apple care which is
pretty stinking awesome bad news is they
have to send it in to like get inspected
before they send me my replacement so
I'm gonna be watchlist just kind of a
bummer but I think that's also kind of a
good thing cuz Missy and I are getting
away for the next week and it's gonna
give us our chance to really unplug also
speaking of unplugged there's no cell
service at all on the island we're
pretty much gonna be lucky if we get a
decent Wi-Fi we're really gonna be
unplugging this week it's gonna be nice
but yeah
maldo my errands and I'm headed home Oh
pit stains on fleek Missy is putting on
this contraption this belly belt is that
what it or it's a maternity support you
never use this when you were pregnant
with oli oh you're back yeah I don't
know yeah I was not sure cause no like
it's just it's a lot to have on you yeah
if you get pretty hot yeah I don't like
it I walked in the house and look what
all he's doing he's just casually on the
laptop what are you watching he's
watching an ad oh yeah
you're watching Ollie he danced in the
daddy song he's watching a video of him
dancing to my song and then dancing to
it Missy that's crazy
hi buddy how's it going time to kiss
kind of kiss Holly ah I love you oh I
love this kid I'm gonna miss him my
goodness
hey you want to fly Hey okay oh jeez
Freddy we got the whole fan here we just
ordered pizza and we're gonna eat and
we're heading out tonight so you have to
say goodbye to this boy yeah good say
goodbye but all he doesn't know he
doesn't understand he don't know he'll
watch us every day okay he's like um I
know but I mean he's like but I bet
you're just going for like an hour
ollie mama and dad I have to go can you
come give us a hug
Kimmy Oh Kimmy I have a hug
good dad a hug big hug big hug no you're
gonna think I was empty all week he's
got a gun
I know he's got a gun no don't shoot me
no no shoot don't shoot
ahhh if we don't come back you're family
except to raise him oh yeah okay I guess
I fully trust ya yeah no deaths okay
we're getting ready to go so we gotta
say goodbye I love you ollie can I have
a kiss kiss mmm
auntie take good care of him okay oh
yeah I got it covered Angie's gonna vlog
from here while we're gone so it's gonna
be some really really fun vlogs coming
up yeah fun fun stuff planted oh really
Ollie tickle mama can you torture tickle
mama torture tickle mama Jessica that's
what you guys he just screams like he's
being hurt so you stop give mom a big
big wet one big wet kiss
jeez Missy that was a little extreme I
love you if you guys enjoyed this vlog
click the thumbs up button be sure to
check them out because next couple of
logs are gonna be really cool and we're
gonna see this guy every night we're
gonna FaceTime you ok oli
the next time you guys see us we will be
on an airplane headed far far away so
we'll see you manana my will do amazing
things little girls that we never wanna
tame you look just like that
but your mom's eyes the same will bow
pose you uh
up and show you a brand new world
