good morning Internet I am in the car
it's very early this morning I got about
five hours of sleep I'm actually on my
way to LAX Airport to pick up my good
buddy Jared it is unfortunate that Ellie
and the kids can't make it but I'm
excited just need to hang out with my
buddy and we're gonna have a lot of fun
at VidCon but yeah I'm up super early
and look what we did you guys we got a
fast-track for ya that means we can take
the toll roads now so that when there's
traffic we can get on the nicer roads
and
since real vidcon's happening you guys
people are flying into town today good
morning guys brian is off to LA to pick
up our special friends had a very busy
morning ahead of me it's been cleaning
up and stuff and Ollie was actually
headed to swim but his swim instructor
just cancelled so I was like well we
could just totally do our swim lesson by
ourselves so we're going through some
swim lessons just mean ollie
that sounds fun he is so hyper right now
I'm gonna be a teacher
okay so you'd call me a teacher not mama
all right I have made it to the terminal
I am looking for a goofy-looking Mormon
guy yeah
dealing with airport craziness I don't
think I've ever picked someone up from
the airport actually so Jared you're my
first you're my first person that I
picked up at the airport that's probably
not accurate
would I hold on do it oh I want you to
let go yeah yeah I found them I found
you
hop in I'm pretty sure this is illegal
whistles enough's Brian how's it going
man man who are you welcome to
California
no it's it's the hustle and bustle of
LAX really is Hauser's LAX and all of
its beauty Wow
how are you I'm great how are you how
was your flight
oh it was actually really really good
really you landed early we had two seats
for me and Ellie oh yeah did you like
totally to sleep no there was a lady who
had her family divided up and everything
and Oh what there's a Colette I had
these two seats and Ellie cuz Ellie
wasn't with me and so I this family was
all broken up and she was like trying to
panic what am I gonna do what I'm like
will you I have two seats here do you
want to sit next to your kids and she's
like what that would be so great so I
was like yeah I've got two seats that
I'm doing something like I fell do that
oh did you have a good swim lesson I
feel like we did a lot and it was just
me like I feel like we learned a lot I
was good at first very productive yeah
like he totally like is getting further
and further he could swim further from
like the side and to me and stuff so I
definitely love having an instructor and
I just feel like it's more structured
when you have a instructor and they know
but I kind of can do the same thing
myself
yes ladies and gentlemen the boys are
back in town this book actually happened
yeah boys back in town boys back in town
and yeah it's really cool that we both
get to ride our scooters now we can race
and joust and scooter jazz day we were
gonna go swimming but Jared decided he
had to go number two 30 or 40 minutes he
ate that cheeseburger from am/pm so he
gonna be in there for a while but
seriously if you're friends with Jared
you know that he takes forever in the
bathroom or if you're married to him
Ellie can I get a what-what but yeah I'm
gonna hop in this pool because it is hot
all I just woke up and he started
yelling Mimi so Mimi's gonna go get him
I get to save a trip up the stairs
Brian's already hopped in the pool
showed you the bird he's looking so big
serious
yep he's getting all big I gotta get a
hummingbird food out here back
Jarrod's getting those does Yuna brows I
am lucked I'm upgrading my eyebrow
eyebrows Jared and I are getting ready
for the Gibson trixin party which we're
really excited about tricks and is
throwing this huge party at the Gibson
showcase i dude I'm literally so excited
because like I play guitar I love
guitars really this is like a look at
our players dream this is a big deal and
we're just waiting on one more person
who would do you think that is
who's gonna who would come would who
would come here excited party foul
Olly is gonna have so much fun Oh body
use California that is so cool that you
guys this your first time at our house
huh yes
Olly is that Gaines can you say Gaines
he says Ames can you get games of KISS
no you want to give Gaines like kiss oh
so close so close
Judas Oh denied I tried it he's like
down for the count
this is Holly can you give her a little
Peck oh oh he might tackler in my
tackler the boys are back in town and we
are getting ready to head to the Gibson
tricks and party pretty stoked and I
know an easy way to get there we can
just skip all the traffic and make it
super simple I love that we should all
do it together so we have more power you
ready three two
way better than traffic you know what we
have made it the boys are off they are
headed to the tricks and party and so
it's just us with the babies today so
we're actually headed to dinner I was
like I'm Monica I didn't want to like
you know burn something and then be
super embarrassing kids are back here
it's got their car seat matching car
seat
what are those their hat is a blow on
them this is it I totally can't spit on
a milk no I'm
scientists fit on them so John he can't
really said hey we like to party with
you guys
Cody and I said get freaky cars yes
please
and the showroom brand and let it go
just keep breathing
Oh
oh just keep breathing breathing
Wow
jam√≥n backstage at Gibson Haley and
Tyler newlyweds to be OMG guys a couple
of sexing cried like a baby when I
watched that video I saw it was awesome
like yeah he was he was like stone-faced
so I was like love is a beautiful thing
isn't it we love you guys we're so happy
for you they Jared's Jam jared is
serenading us yeah the kid is good
amazing I kind of realize I got super
you know well let's see here got time we
just got back from dinner and now we're
just put getting the kids all cleaned up
and ready for bed I think Brian's had a
great time in the party I'm kind of
jealous I'm not there but it was a
really long drive from here don't drink
the water
and being pregnant like honestly being
in the car is just not comfortable plus
games and Katy didn't really couldn't
really go either just because they were
traveling all day just get this kid to
bed I'm excited for him to go to sleep
so I can sit on the couch me and Katy
can hang out all right you guys Jared
dragged us to in and out because he's
the DD
and I told them I'd get him in and out
the only time we ever go to any out but
other people request it so I'm being a
nice a designator
am I are you sure you will be done
designated driver
it's one request yeah we're going to eat
some food we just space send the girls
and they're waiting for us but we had a
blast
Epic's we had a blast that gives them
tricks and party special thanks to Shay
Carl and tricks in for inviting us in
today's vlog so I hope you guys enjoyed
it get ready for a fun week at VidCon go
subscribe to these two guys my body is
ready the vlogger thumbs up man coming
for me coming to me come to me now
would invite
look at his goody-goody abuzz
