so we're taking in groceries from the
garage and I stumbled upon this that's
Thomas water and then oh so I'm
splashing and then what are these oh
these look like little little baby
footprints morning guys I just put ollie
down for his nap
and he went down awesome and um I just
made myself a lunch I made a turkey
sandwich with the turkey that we made
yesterday and I have a peach and there
was one last capri-sun in there so I
thought maysville hot but I talked about
yesterday that I've been looking at baby
stuff for like picking a theme and all
of that and I think I have everything
picked out so I'm really excited to make
the official order I still have to make
a decision on a crib I've talked about
this a little bit we were originally
going to get ollie a twin or a toddler
bed and then give the baby that crib but
always doing so good in his crib that
I'm kind of thinking I'm just gonna keep
just leave it and I'm just gonna get the
baby a new crib something that will that
I want to like match his room and
everything like the only reason I was
gonna put him in a twin and stuff as if
it wasn't if like he wasn't doing good
in his crib but he's doing fine in his
crib and why I messed that up while I go
to something else excited to pick out
you know everything for the nursery and
it's getting so close and everything's
kind of coming together but yeah it's
kind of like hectic and crazy but it's
really exciting Missy has changed about
a dozen times today keep seeing her in
different shirts you can yes using again
yeah she had to change her bra and her
shirt she's about to film her bump day
well I liked that shirt but I didn't
want to change my bra and then I had to
ship it in this shirt I was like I'd
change my bra this is when they a shirt
you got for VidCon huh yeah I'm not
where it today I'm just gonna wear for
my bump date is it a maternity shirt oh
no oh it's not ah yeah kinda like
fashionable yeah it's all flowy and it
was this connected yeah oh thank you lou
monatti confirmed missy hey guys how's
it going I am getting the camera ready
so that Missy can film in here and as
you can see there is a little crib over
here yes this is the new baby's room I'm
gonna put him right there
I'm gonna buy him a crib we're just
gonna put him in a pack and play so I
should be good enough for him right yeah
he's a baby he's not gonna complain he's
totally fine but yeah I'm getting the
camera set up okay let me see can do
this what I can usually do this myself
but every single air sorry do it myself
there's always a million problems yeah
there has been the last couple times huh
Briggs do it for you all right yay I
filmed my bump date and it all went
super smoothly sometimes it goes super
hectic and I'm like I can't do this this
isn't working just not doing a bump day
um but actually might really really good
sometimes I talk for like way too long
and then I edit it because I'm like what
the heck are you talking about Missy
you're not even talking about anything
so I didn't do that this week just gonna
close this up go on there there you go
we're good to go all right pinkies
waking up which means it's time to go
get him he's he's saying Mimi
he's like what the heck starboard in
here Brian has been working all morning
in his office but he's almost done so
I'm gonna get Ollie up and get him
dressed and then hopefully we can all
hang out I read you were awake hi
you got a bang key so we got a blankie
for the baby um and Brian broke it out
and Ollie was like I've sussed with it
this is the blanket we got for the new
baby
did you hear Bernie uh-huh I hear him
he's downstairs
but yeah he loves it it's so soft is it
so soft feel it oh this is your binky
huh and this is baby brothers blankie
but you're just breaking it in for him
huh and this is another blankie he loves
his blankie is he's just like his mama
your Mimi he's so funny show me I
thought that blankie is oh oh it's so
soft
here are you going back to bed I me and
Allie are off to go on a little walk
well Bryan finishes up his work and then
hopefully by the time we're back from
our walk we'll be ready to go you ready
got your shoes on get your shorts and
shirt nothing cute oh you look good it's
like I look good we are out running
errands and look who we found hanging on
this car by a string it's woody what
he's just hanging there Missy you're
trying to get in
you got less summer do you think that's
Andy's mom's car yeah
oh there's also a big stick in the car
cuz we there's something between us
Missy I just feel like there's something
between us because we had to get a whole
stick for the pool because our last one
broke and so now we can't clean the pool
so yeah hey woody we are now at Target
and we are ordering Ali's cake bouche we
got him a Shrek one
oh let the Shrek one I'm an entire Toy
Story themed party with Shrek
yeah with it Magee looking for woody you
want a woody cake okay so there's Woody
and Buzz on a cake or you could do it as
cupcakes then you can get vanilla and
chocolate Oh same thing what do you
think we should do I don't think the
cupcake yeah cupcakes actually might be
easier it would be ways yeah cuz then we
get chocolate which all he likes and we
can get vanilla with other people like
boy yeah oh yeah he does huh
lady that would be cool yeah the thing
is we have to get chocolate all he does
not like vanilla cake any time we tried
to get him vanilla cake you have good
Eva Woody and Buzz
cake I'm not going to show you those so
once you get touched today
what do you mice attack mixed up it look
at his woody joined you Woody and Buzz
that sound good good
no no just flip it and put your hand on
that how about what iam buys good
was he really what's the dumping stuff
inside to make it feel bad let's look at
what he umpires okay
where's buzz look good Mike I guess
Ollie has been screaming men monaster
everywhere yeah yeah the minions are
taking over our life you guys I didn't
even think he likes the movie that much
but apparently he did cuz any times he
sees them anywhere he freaks out so he
snatched this little one up yeah me man
yes yeah it's taking over our life right
now everywhere is like me dingy me me
I'm like ah so we're taking in groceries
from the garage and I stumbled upon this
that's commas water and then oh so I'm
splashing and then what are these oh
these look like little little baby
footprints all you left a trail you
couldn't even get out clean you had to
leave a trail of evidence behind you you
know that what are you doing you're
trying to get into mama daddy's computer
Ollie are you trying to see if the fish
will bite
say hi fishy hmm what's he doing where
is he hmm where'd he go
Oh is he in his little tunnel oh look he
is as it isn't a little tunnel that's
cool huh
did he push his chair up there oh my
gosh that alright which is a stool or
this is it eh
that's so funny he just loves the fishy
all he's actually putting no fingers in
there okay we are getting dinner ready
I'm making the alfredo pesto chicken and
shrimp she's been wanting to do for a
while we picked up this cool thing at
Target they were like it's fresh garlic
its freeze-dried all you do is add a
little water to rehydrate so I'm trying
that out so I put the garlic in the pan
a little water and it looks like fresh
garlic now shot I figure it out oli
you seem to have made yourself quite
comfortable right here are you comfy you
plank with a plane we nope when you
doing how'd you get off the couch yeah I
told him get off the couch and then he
just slipped himself behind they're
trying to hide for me but I can still
see you I see you hi I'm charging these
guys we're gonna hang out with Colin and
Geri and as soon as he saw me plug them
in he's like right right right right
literally would stop saying it yeah
right yeah he just wants to be held so
yeah this is better
no work involved for Olli all right
this has been what I've been doing for
probably the past good hour or so trying
to get all my clothes nice and picking
out the ones that I'm going to wear at
VidCon sure my shirts are ironed so I
look nice and profession I'm at VidCon
hi Karma oh hey karma want to say hi hi
boy hi hi yeah so basically there's been
getting my clothes my clothes all ready
for VidCon because that starts in like
two days
well it's basically this VidCon is all
this week whether it starts on Wednesday
or Thursday or whatever it's basically
this whole week everyone's getting ready
and prepared and I just talked to Jared
on the phone and he is getting ready to
leave as well so we're gonna get to see
him and Colin and Katie tomorrow which
is really cool basically the VidCon is
for us we get to meet a ton of you guys
we get to hang out with our best friends
if you guys don't know we are doing a
meet-and-greet on Saturday at 11:30 at
the maker studios booth and then they
actually moved my panel to noon at the
maker studios booth so I recommend
trying to show up at 11:00 so that we
have a full hour to do meet and greets
and and talk and chat and then you guys
can watch us I think this he's going to
join me to actually on the panel and ask
us questions and stuff like that so that
should be really cool hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did you can
click the thumbs up button thanks for
watching you guys
we'll see ya manana oh and so it begins
again you guys I was just down there
cleaning everything out putting things
away and the
has started once more then
