yeah this is home this morning all I
wanted to listen to daddy's song and
he's been sitting here dancing while
eating his breakfast and listening to
this song so cute
Oh
morning guys we are me and oli are
actually getting ready to head to the
beach today because we've been planning
a trip with my cousins today's the day
but Brian's gonna stay back cuz he's got
some work to get done not just around
the house but with YouTube you want to
listen to it again okay here we go that
make you happy yes yeah so he's gonna
stay back and get some stuff done since
we are getting ready to head out of town
and beach trips tend to be like an
all-day thing and we probably should get
some stuff done before the rest of the
week which is actually crazy as well
he's just eating his breakfast dancing
that's a good way to start your morning
huh oh you're all done you got my sister
driving I'm gonna be honest guys I do
not like driving I can drive I would
consider yourself a good driver I just
don't enjoy driving especially now that
I'm pregnant
I want to be able to like lean back and
not sit straight up so I'm like I always
I'm just popping off the driver to
someone I like yes
enjoys diving because she just got her
license hell yeah she hasn't had a
license like super long time so she
likes to drive whenever she has a chance
above got my brother back here say hi
Jimmy and then you see all these foot
right there say hi ollie
alright we've set up camp we've got our
canopy chairs toys and Ollie is love in
the sand
he's completely over the sandy I wasn't
sure we were gonna sit out over oh oh
you're okay yeah he likes to scream now
too so yeah we're just hanging out I
think Jimmy just took CJ down to go
boogie board for the first time which is
kind of exciting to me like pushes in
all night I'm here I'm here I'm going
the water looks a bit rough we have to
hold Mama's hand he holds Jesse's hand
good morning guys
I apologize for my sweatiness but I'm
actually out side working right now and
it is a hot one
oh so sweaty it feels good to be out
here working I'm actually trying to
clear my yard of these things these
little orange balls they drop from these
trees and they get everywhere and they
mold and they get nasty but the bad
thing is is they actually attract a ton
of flies and bees thought I'd get a head
start on actually cleaning them out so I
got this little rake at Lowe's and I
have been cleaning out this area this
whole thing is to be covered with these
and we kind of already have a fly issue
out here I'm trying to take care of that
I basically I did all that I killed all
the flies over there but I only had one
can of spray so I actually still have a
ton of flies over here all along the
fence it's really kind of nasty and I
hate it because it's like they take over
this yard and then we can't really enjoy
it but yeah sweaty Brian getting stuff
done thought today would be a good day
to do that while Missy takes oli to the
beach with her cousins so I hope they
are having fun while I get my work on I
think my son is freaking out he's not
too happy
it's not loving the water look at that
face okay Jimmy's taking TJ out to catch
some waves on the boogie board
I think boogie boarding is always the
punish when you have someone to push you
off on the way
okay
ah
there is wow look at that
that's not in the way
well there you go very cool all he is
loving the sand but he does not want to
go near that water take a breath oh yeah
he's not too happy about the water which
by the way is freezing so that could be
part of it but it doesn't look scary
unpredictable I understand we'll see
y'all have fun in the sand
dance dance there you go CJ again
Wow look at this boy he's like on one
careful hahaha
oli what have I said about throwing no
throwing he's covered in sand right now
I can't even uh drop it drop it
thank you oh yeah those stand on you yep
you just gonna have to deal I just
cleaned up a ton you guys wow I did not
realize how much work that would
actually be that I've been out here for
probably a good three hours cleaning
this backyard and making sure that felt
good one of the perks about cleaning up
outside is that when you're done you get
to jump in the pool okay that actually
really hurt my back don't do that
oh that well good I got what on the
camera hi guys we are home and we're
just getting unpacked and I stupidly
left Ollie and a swim diaper the entire
ride home
just not really thinking so I stripped
him naked and he's got like sand on him
and he's just like I don't know he he
kind of like leaked everywhere and I'm
just gonna throw him in the pool get
that sand off yeah I touched his hair
and it was just like all inside events
yeah big hair is like really gross I
just rinsed off at that water ollie
that feel nice there it goes every tool
probably of a bath later I'm just saying
but I just want him to rinse off all
that sand and gross Ness and it works
can I have a hug Oh big hug look who's
back it's my boy
hey Ollie did you have so much fun at
the beach yes what yeah maybe you
shouldn't say beach cause it kind of
sounds like he says the other word that
means a female dogs uh yeah I finally
got cleaned up for the day I ended up
doing outside and the garage completely
cleaned up and now we have Cassie here
Cassie say hi she's gonna stay here and
watch Olly and Missy and I are gonna go
out cuz we haven't been out in a long
time and we're actually going to go see
my cousin perform at like a little Bar
and Grill type thing so sounds like good
relaxin that I need it buzz huh we just
cleaned them up and and come to tear
over he looks so cute like that
what okay that's cool
how do you have the host thing but what
do you got is that your gun is that your
asteroid blaster Yelp you
you're so cute kiddo all right we are at
Blackbird tavern look who's here say hi
say hi Liv she looks so cute we are
actually sitting by this really cool
fire pit eating some pizza
no fire hahaha Jeffrey is actually
playing right now with Maddie Walsh who
just released our ep apparently we're
out of EP release party we didn't know
that but it's still cool I'll show you
alright guys we are ending the night
with chocolate Frosty's from Wendy's I
don't know why I was craving this all of
a sudden but I was and it was obviously
a good thing right yeah we had a fun
night though I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog vlog if you did click that
thumbs up button and we will see you man
yeah you don't even look pregnant baby
this shirt really hides it don't ya
that's where I wanna be
dump in sad
just one
you are you talk
I am home
and that's where I wanna be
