Holle say hi say good morning oh don't
hit the camera that was a love tap you
guys we got doc McStuffins on to help
you feel better and right now we are
making a biscuit I've been the biscuits
are dead
hold it look at that golden brown
we got biscuits and good old-fashioned
sausage country gravy YUM we haven't had
this in a long time
did you sleep good last night hey you
jammed about fishies hey yeah do you see
any doggies yeah garden uh-huh
oh you got a doggie on your shirt don't
you it says get along to bed little
doggie
what do doggies do yeah yeah they go rob
we also got doc McStuffins on it she'll
help you feel better right
what does lamby have this morning she
returned to dude hey what are you doing
what are you doing on Daddy's computer
yeah that's that does computer I always
find him in my office and he just goes
straight to my chair sits down and then
starts banging it on the keyboard it's
quite hilarious some light in here oh it
is bright morning guys I just finished
getting ready always down for his nap
and it is raining outside can you hear
it
we literally have all the windows open
windows open and the fresh breeze coming
in and it feels really nice although
it's actually not even that cool outside
it's kind of humid and warm I just like
it it never rains so a summer rain is
be awesome and kind of exciting and I
have walked down and up the stairs about
three times because every no time I
forget something first time I forgot the
monitor and I forgot to bring up the
towels and I forgot like something else
and so I keep going up and down stairs
and I'm exhausted now I am going to
venture outside and the sweat nests you
guys
the rain is crazy you guys
whoo this is awesome it was actually
just reading an article the other day
about how El Nino is gonna is going on
right now and so California is actually
only getting a lot of rain and I was
planning on backing all shorts and short
sleeve shirts too big time so I hope
it's not raining during VidCon I hope
it's nice and sunny and we can like hang
out outside and stuff because the rain
I'm kind of
holy guacamole look at that sky that is
nothing but great Wow what's wrong
Oh No he came up he said oh no here I
think it goes right on the top of the
green thing
I just got ollie up from his very
non-existent nap I thought he was taking
a nap but then I looked over and he just
basically was talking and playing with
Buzz and Woody in his crib and he didn't
sleep it off but he stayed in there for
quite a while he never made a peep he
never cried he never like asked me to
come together he just played in his room
and he really wants to take him to the
trampoline park so I tried to see if she
want to just take him without me and I
could take it nap but she's like please
come with so I'm going with her so we're
gonna go hang out with auntie will daddy
go while daddy works Oh what's up there
daddy
water it's he said he says rain he says
Ain that rain water water coming out of
the sky so weird huh that never happens
and I actually just broke out his little
rain jacket it's like a dinosaur and I'm
excited for him to work he never gets to
wear it
I've got cookies and a nice cold glass
of milk that sounds so good during a
nice rainy day some need some cookies I
might share with Olli things like wait
are you have my cookies we are working
on a cover with mr. Andrew Brown CEO of
Sly Fox threads this is the guy who
hooks us up with all the Sly Fox threads
March it's pretty sweet so yeah we've
been working on some music and listening
to this rain outside you guys it's crazy
your house gonna be okay in my blow away
like whoa new cover sneak peek what's
going on Olli is he what well he can't
walk in a straight line cuz the shoes
are on the right now I put the shoes on
the wrong feet that's fine
what is this wet stuff we don't need a
softy I know is a ain they came and
picked us up and we are headed into the
trampoline park and I think always
excited I think he's more excited to
play in the rain but we're not plugging
right and crippled all right
buddy they got the red alright ready
yeah we can take your jacket out there
ray jumping is so big
so hopefully they find that spot to jump
get back on
whoa
five
baby
all right always bad to attempt
Oh
I can't breathe
Papa's building him a wall knocked down
I know always like I'm just gonna run
through this
apparently Cassie says that all I really
wants to do the hurricane simulator I'm
not sure about this three miles an hour
four miles an hour ten whoa whoa forty
boy 65 now 78 pop the balloons
good job
this is pretty cool need one of these on
your floor yeah keeping busy
all right you guys Montse dinner with
Jeffrey Andrew we worked hard today and
so we described a whole dinner and we
heard a huge Thunder crash and now I'm
looking outside and I'm freaking out and
wondering how the heck we're supposed to
go out there do you guys see this
holy guacamole that's insane guys we had
such a fun day today playing at the
trampoline park and he definitely missed
his nap and he is so sunk and he needs a
serious shower because he breaks you
know the trampoline park is fun but this
is so full of germs he's so tired
nowwhere wake up hey kii wake up hey hey
come on in
hey are you doing he's my mama's
laughing at you you tired poor kid
hi I don't know how this kid has a smile
on his face he's gonna be such a grouch
but he is just the cutest yeah yeah yeah
at night now if you see Sunday night is
done say night-night
I got him awake enough to take a shower
with me was he really tired
wait till you see this buddy okay it's
like this I got home late and I was like
oh my golly but I'm like he's still up
tell me about your day Olli did you jump
you jump an empty yeah did you watch
frozen oh yeah that was fun did you eat
dinner
don't would you eat okay good cheese my
ears oh yeah he is tired oh my goodness
you are tired but in a nice manner
alright guys that's all for today's vlog
I hope you enjoyed it if you did look at
thumbs up button and go watch Missy's
new video she did a maternity home it's
on her channel right now link down below
in the description go check it out
thanks for watching you guys we'll see
you tomorrow
please Express we are I'm going to give
all the all
approving OG I'm gonna give you the poop
emoji because you love all the time you
clean up I'm gonna get Missy the heart
behind the movie because she loves me
and he is like so laughs golly can you
go
