yay can you dance each instance a
haircut dance haircut dance
good morning ollie
where's buzz what what is oh my goodness
Buzz Lightyear what are you doing up
there he's standing on the lamp he's
like this is my guard post that's pretty
funny Holly what you wanna go play
outside
okay we go outside today okay I actually
was trying to throw him up there it took
multiple times and karma did not like it
ollie I'm trying to talk here kid karma
did not like it and so he kind of
attacked his foot so I don't know how
much life ah
buzz has left in him get your gun now
come back down yeah buzz is up there huh
he does not like that buzz is up there
right now that's funny Karma you didn't
like it either you're like no I'm gonna
get him so yeah I don't know how much
longer buzz is gonna last
is it working it's not working
bus is gonna stay up there for a little
bit okay this baby is kicking like crazy
right now I miss you I can catch them
whoa can you tell he's moving a lot cuz
I'm drunk because were in the car it's
like going to be hard to tell
anyways we are at about and I'm really
excited a so today we basically settled
on the nursery theme for his room and
I'm really really excited about it we
ordered everything and I feel like we
orderly literally everything because
sometimes when you pick a theme like all
they have is certain things and then
they don't have like the mobile or yeah
and so it's kind of restoration so we
picked out everything and I'm like so
happy and when I did that I actually
became like a peace came over me about
his name I didn't tell you that but like
I was just like okay I feel really good
about his name and I I don't know if it
has anything to do with buying vendors
who theme or anything like that but it
just I don't know I've kind of like been
the last few days feeling really good
about his name with that being said now
we are gonna go out and pick out all the
things we need for his name reveal which
I'm excited about this whole August
month is pretty packed for us because
we're traveling and then we have vlogger
fair and so I really just want to get
things taken care of so that I'm not
stressing about them or like thinking
about it or how I have to do it and so
I'm really excited I'm excited that like
we're moving forward and stuff but now
we're you are pretty sure that is
right hittin I don't even know how he
blurred that out but it better be good
feel like I feel like I'm starting to
like really come to terms with the fact
that I'm gonna be bringing a baby home
really soon and I know his name and I'm
pretty sure I know what his nurseries
gonna look like and it's just really
exciting and I'm pretty sure always told
asleep because we missed his nap oh yeah
dang he's out he is passed out we had to
park in expectant parking I had to go
because I got I got an expectant mother
who has to pee very badly
except she's running in hey buddy I
didn't forget about you he's awake now
all right we just decided on a chair
which wow they make that hard yeah I
know it's a guy so now we're trying to
look at furniture and everything takes
like nine to 12 weeks and this baby's
due in like 11 weeks okay so we got a we
really gotta order it gives me special
order like the furniture this section
take it off oh really
I like this natural wood this is cool I
just wish it was a little lighter yeah
we got a little family band going on
here you guys he's been singing into it
too huh he doesn't like that no he wants
to put me a bit can you sing Olly to
sing new songs by Oliver link down below
in the description it's so funny what
keeps them entertained huh all right we
just left by my baby and we were able to
knock them over so you know
every time we start watching touch your
hair why do you do that
maybe just should I see it and I'm like
gosh
okay whatever anyways he knocked a lot
of stuff off her list and I'm really
excited I feel very accomplished that
has been kind of like stressing with it
just because like with Olly I felt like
I had so much more time to like just
slowly buy things and accumulate what I
needed
but with this baby it's like I have like
certain days I need to designate out to
- back nice just to kind of get a lot of
stuff we still have a lot of things we
need to get and there are a few like
little items and a few more big items we
need to purchase but I feel really good
about this trip and we got a lot of good
stuff and I'm really excited because
I'll be definitely able to do like some
reviews on my channel and I'll
definitely do some baby buys you guys
can see what I've purchased and of
course we're doing a nursery tour and
it's gonna be so cute I feel like I feel
like with the second baby we're so much
more seasoned unlike what we want you
know like with Holly we went like
through one thing we went through like
three different versions of it oh yeah
for sure it's nice because I know what I
want because I used it with Ollie and I
don't have to like buy things that I
might not use or whatever so it is is
nice kind of having more experience this
time but now we're headed to go get all
a haircut because he's getting a little
scraggly and we're about to head off
from a trip and I wanted to look cute as
convenient
Ollie's getting his hair cut he's doing
so good are you gonna shoot me he's
gonna try where's joy silly
look at this kill a he's got a sucker
what let me see your sucker what color
did you get can you say blue blue your
hair looks so cute look so cute yay
can you dance mmm sweet mmm haircut
dance haircut dance all right let's go
cutie did you get your cut you look so
cute and they do it so fast too
I do like that place how they do it so
fast oh yeah that's true
yeah they have to it is really good that
sucker good say YUM this is what happens
when Missy's family tells her that they
don't have dinner plans
we got Olive Garden on the way back look
at this huge thing of chicken gnocchi
soup we barely even ate half of it that
stuff is the best if you ever go to
Olive Garden and you're like with a
family just get a gallon of chicken
gnocchi soup
it's the best so yeah we all ate and
we're hanging out and always being quite
rambunctious it's you hey Olli it's
definitely past your bedtime
whoa go say go go get my my hug dude
give her some love oh yes it's that time
again
you tell everyone good night give them
hugs and kisses did I give you a pink
bitch good night named for diapers
chocolate and four types of diapers
there you go give auntie a hug get uncle
hug yeah karma huh give karma hug give
karma hug get that down mmm love you
thanks for being such a good boy today
thank you're welcome you're welcome
Oh fake out fake out throw four oh there
you go
all right kiddo go hit the hay Missy can
you believe one day we're just gonna say
okay go to bed and they're just gonna go
up to bed every night till he's 18
hear that oli dee dee dee all right you
guys that's all for today's vlog we had
such a productive day we got a ton of
stuff for the new baby which is really
really exciting and actually we we
really try to look for what we need to
do to film the name reveal for our new
baby you couldn't find anything so I'm
thinking I may have to order some stuff
online which is kind of a bummer because
it would take more time to get here but
if we think of something else that we
can do maybe we'll do that but I have a
cool idea of how I'd want to film the
video with oli and with us I hope I can
find something that works but anyway
hope you guys enjoy today's video if you
did click that thumbs up button if you
guys have a mess
new video it's link down below so go
check that out subscribe to her channel
if you're not already and see you guys
Vinson
this is what
just one
cute we're calling it tiger
I could see
whoa
and
don't play that look
