I was like oh it was pretty bad morning
guys I got up a little bit earlier today
than usual so that I could get ready
before Ali gets up and of course always
up hi woody he's eating his breakfast
and I just got my breakfast I'm just
gonna eat some oatmeal this morning
yum yum I have a few things I have to do
today first thing on my list is I'm
going to go tour the college with Cassie
that she's planning on going to this
fall so I'm really excited to to see the
college and good morning people
um and I have a doctor's appointment
today couple things on my holiday I got
a good little rest yesterday but today
is back to busyness to look at us with
our oatmeal this morning I'm guessing
all he wants to play in his water table
is that you ollie okay well can you get
out of it so I can put water in it for
you
come here this kid is so silly
shut up now all right now karma is
playing in the water and Ali's playing
in the water splash splash splash splash
splash so I cannot buckle my shoes so my
sister has to come help me I can't reach
anymore it hurts and when I do reach
down I like can't breathe I like the
circulation my brain is being cut off
thank you Cassie and Tia and she was
just here we just got back from the tour
of the college and I'm not sure if she's
gonna end up going there she's not
really sure what she wants to do yet
it's really hard being a teen and kind
of sight what you want to do with your
life it's like a really big decision now
it is all these time it's go night night
and then I got to head to my doctor's
appointment
are you ready to go night-night he's
like I'm not sure about that Holly was
willing to get into bed as long as I
gave him Elsa to read okay you're gonna
read Elsa okay I'm gonna turn the lights
off will you close your eyes okay okay
you closed your eyes key key close your
eyes tight there we go
gotcha lights off I'm turning the
doggy's on here he thinks these are dogs
even though they're sheep that's not
he'll sleep for a couple hours I'm not
even joking you guys but I actually woke
up like this
I will go like this I will go like this
it looks like I've done something to it
I got cut yesterday and then let's start
this and put this new stuff in it what
maybe it makes it hard to do my hair
second day that would be pretty cool it
is afternoon and I have been working all
day I already be chance hoe chose your
brush my teeth or you're ready I'm so
basically in my pajamas although it
doesn't really look like it I had like
three meetings today and I've been
working on artwork for merch and I did
want to say I think that we're gonna
have our new merch store officially
opened and running next week so that's
pretty cool so I've been hustling on
that and trying to get everything locked
down looks like all he actually just
woke up he slept the entire time with
that book in his crib isn't that so
funny he actually woke up and started
at one point karma holy hey are you
reading your Elson on a book go pointer
Elsa oh he said cow Moo where's the cow
say hi hmm come on come on come on
slowly falling down the stairs come on
come on there you go you made it okay
you got doggy and Rex here to greet you
okay I found buzz I'm gonna put him with
the others okay
this he was so cute she fell asleep
right when she got home
are you rummaging through mom's jewelry
jewelry yeah maybe you shouldn't it
maybe you shouldn't be doing this okay
hey hey hey hey Olli that's it that's no
no that's mommy's box we got a future
jewelry there's no Bell maybe it's a
ball but it's a bunch of little balls
sir it's pearls today I went into the
guest room and look what I found
Heidi and Ken when they stayed here they
left us a little present they got a
really nice thank-you card and then look
at this super awesome brother it's a
little onesie for the new baby
what do you know where mom is
I know where momma is you wanna come get
her who's that is that Mama Holly give
mama hug that your name Ali oh you got
mamas but you just want to watch Ali you
want to watch yourself that's what he
says me once what's the love god thank
you
did you know I put a little sheriff
woody pan on Olli what do you think
about it dude no no no no no don't play
with it look in the mirror though
sheriff oli huh why do you do that you
are so weird sometimes oh did that hurt
it's okay by the way Heidi and Ken thank
you guys so much for the present that
was really cool surprised what all he's
been so excited that I'm home all right
all right
and um I am home from my doctor's
appointment which went really well but I
had I had to tell a funny story Brian
listen I'm officially too pregnant to
pee in a cup I say they had me pina cup
which I don't normally do I haven't
really done much of this pregnancy and
they really needed me too and so I went
into the lab to do it
and I held it there and I was hoping I
was near the hole but I literally peed
all over my hand all over the cup all
over everything
I'm not leave ease you can't see like I
cannot see below my belly like
everything is just like nothing damn it
I can't see I can't see my feet I can't
reach my feet like so yeah I just like
was like well I think this is right and
then I just started peeing and I was
like all over my hand the cup was soaked
so then it was like picked up and like
literally this much pee made it into the
cup like this much I was like oh crap it
was pretty bad but um since I've been
vlogging and talking this is what has
happened
Oh child I don't even know what what are
you doing that wasn't very nice why you
be Mama's helper right now pick this up
can you pick it up and put it back on
the couch I don't know all right you
guys I just cooked up some dinner for
Missy and I and here is what is on the
menu got mashed potatoes YUM steak
cooked in a garlic and olive oil and
oven roasted green beans I did these up
a little spicy with some garlic and red
pepper how's that look looks pretty dang
good if you'd ask me yeah that's what's
up
Ollie has so much food in his mouth
right now you guys oh and now it's all
gonna go down that straw don't drink
that melt into that Cup
are you about to explode he bean just
swallow that food baby sometimes he will
explode don't choke you know think that
you are doing he's just cool like why I
am he has to cool kid I don't know he's
cool and he's cute okay Ally okay okay
now okay now seems so much food in there
oh my gosh
he's gonna explode he's gonna explode
we're having a screaming contest it's
like geez mom would kill our fun alright
look who all he has he's got zombie this
is the old zombie if you guys don't know
who zombie is we used to have him a lot
in the vlogs but we haven't really been
showing him quite a long time so if you
guys are know who he is let us know down
below Hayes we just got out of the hot
tub and we just kind of hung out and
talked and had fun as a family and hot
favorite bedtime can only guess what
guess what hey want to talk about it
it's every night nice big night night oh
hi crazy he just goes and slams the door
and I'm like it's a mirror careful um
anyway I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog it's all he's one night night hi
and we're gonna go to bed and relax and
stuff so I hope you guys enjoy it give
the video a thumbs up if you did what's
the guy's mouth
I feel like this is home
we get tattoos on never
