good morning oli I love your new shoes
they look so cool walking around issues
with this balloon what do you have there
a loon you got a loon yep and he is in
my flip-flops walking around uh-huh hey
hey can you clean up your your toy room
here please clean up clean up everybody
everywhere
look at that look he's like uh no you
clean it up
hey oli you're doing it wrong that's not
how you wear flip-flops this is going to
be the new style I think all the kids
are going to be wearing their flip-flops
like this from now on
good morning guys this is actually
before I even know my makeup okay Missy
with no makeup I normally do all this
and then I start the vlog or start
vlogging but today Brian convinced me to
just start the vlog your face look at
we're both gonna hang for the day no no
I love you hey hey say hi say I'm
feeling I've been telling Brian about
how I just had really stressful dreams
last night
to the point where it like affected me
like in when I woke up I had like a
headache and I was stressed out
and my dreams like they were really
super weird obviously most dreams are
really weird but they kind of reflected
how my life is right now because it's
hard to fake sight I don't have a
stressful life or anything but sometimes
I'm just like there's a lot going on and
it's all really really fun stuff and I
wouldn't change it for the world
but I kind of have to stay on top of it
because you just do or you fall behind
this next month is about to get really
hectic for us we have friends coming to
stay with us and then as soon as they
leave we have more friends coming to
stay with us and then as soon as they
leave we're headed to our babymoon as
soon as we get back I have to get ready
for this baby and I have to like really
start buckling down and prepared so my
life is like crazy hectic plus we're in
the process of kind of buying a house
and like doing all these things yeah my
dream was just like so representative of
what was going on in my life thought it
was so funny and then I woke up and I
was really had a headache you know
stress now like all right he organized
my life actually I did a bunch of stuff
before it even I'm doing my makeup
I wasn't even that's just I don't know
your body was like calm down yeah and I
and honestly like I said I I love our
life like we have definitely a different
crazy life that most people don't leave
need love it like I seriously love it
but I am also pregnant and so I tend to
like okay what's next what I need to do
I need to organize their life what's
wrong
yeah all right hey you owe me shave you
real fast
they go for your face like this ooh
smooth alright I am doing Oliver's hair
I'm going to put some Bumble and Bumble
styling cream in it first all around
they're just well careful now that that
to this hair I'm going to brush Missy
which way does his hair go to the right
to the left oh okay yeah I thought now
I'm going to blow dry his hair so it
kind of stays in this position alright
now your hair is all shiny and dry and
it's got a little bit of hold in it we
gotta add the final thing okay
the bum bum bum buh sumo tech so
basically doing his hair exactly how I
do my hair stay still okay you've been
such a good boy put that in your hair
just lash that
hey here slick the front back just a
little bit no I know it will not say
have hairspray I'm going to spray it you
ready close your eyes you would like a
birdie I think you look like a handsome
all we can kiss my show the birdies do
the birdie okay you know I just finished
my makeup and hair too it pretty much
took me about about the amount of time
to do all these hair
that's why then what do you think Hey
look thank you you like it yeah and look
at this shirt she's doing pregnant and
fabulous so narcissistic or something no
I think it's cool what he only wants the
birdie okay when I was telling you guys
everything that we had to do I forgot to
mention both VidCon which is a really
big deal and always birthday I have his
birthday party in his birthday coming up
so I have a bunch of gifts for him but I
wanted to get him like one big gift I
guess you could say try and find him fun
good
two-year-old fit gift for him yeah
because of VidCon is like they sleep
during his birthday yeah I have to do
everything like a week ahead yes make
sure that we like art I've prepared
interesting you know toys are uh hey
Ollie it's a sign oh really really
colorful hey ollie
hey Ollie how old are you gonna be - he
doesn't know how to say to you by the
way I have a dirty diaper I'm sorry wait
he goes like this and hold up his other
hand - to say - you can't do this minion
this is going to be a hard store for me
we should actually get a cart burn I
don't know if he's ever really gone to
Toys R Us and been at an age where he
can see everything and be like I need it
all I think we're about to learn a
lesson in not bringing your kid to Toys
R Us
Mimi Holly can you say minion Mimi it
sounds like Mimi you're like that's not
me me that's a minion oh look at this
one they have Bob who's got the bear say
hi Bob isn't he cute some one of them
are talking oh my gosh so cute the keys
with your minions say cheese
it's like minion mania at Toys R Us you
guys I love the way they talk it's like
a mixture of like French and Spanish and
like gibberish
check out these rides a Mini Cooper BMW
whoo-hoo that is so cool and look at
this you guys a Mario Kart it's a mini
Mario Kart I think that's amazing a
little mini scooter oh my gosh Holly
when you start driving that Jeep around
Mimi and Papa's house you can have so
much fun you need to embrace it okay
buddy this is adorable Missy he loves
doc McStuffins too
has been asleep for a while now I fell
asleep I feel bad we did miss his nap
but I kind of just muted him to just
come with us and misses nap and he'll be
okay so I just let me get in the car and
I've been staying in the car while Brian
runs in and gets some errands done and I
think we got his big gift look what I
got you guys what is that ollie whoa
careful
hahaha I got another scooter I actually
found another link that got them for
much cheaper a lot of you guys were
telling me that I could get him even
cheaper than I was getting look at he
just wants to get rid of hang on I'll
give you right go in the kitchen
I know Cassie really wanted the red one
so I think I'm gonna get casted the red
one keep the black one because I
originally wanted block anyway so I got
another one and it's gonna be really
cool because when Cullen is here he'll
have one to ride and so me Jared and
Colin will all be riding them around
VidCon yeah come here you want to ride
okay haha you just can't even can you
say hi hey go alright yeah we just got
back from a long day of errands got a
bunch of good grocery stuff so we're
getting that ready
but another ride look at he's hanging on
himself miss he's hanging on himself
yeah you're right in well oh gosh
oh no are you okay when you ride the
ride you didn't bump nothing's fine by
me they're buddies look what we got Olly
at the store Missy found these you guys
they were on clearance and this is love
love your new pet birdies hey birdies
yeah and the interesting thing about
them is they have a solo mode and a
choir mode let's put it on quiet mode
and see what happens
what's it hold their own choir mode now
I'm really gonna miss him you can find
birdy toys at the table they're singing
a little song Ollie how cool is that
you're gonna be a song
look who stopped by auntie's here she
came to take a boogie board going to the
beach tomorrow
but oli just figured out the fun in
throwing a balloon at karma and I don't
know if you guys have seen but we used
to do it a lot see what he does careful
careful
and he's like my balloon whoa careful
careful
what do you figure that just made some
dinner tonight we are having susta me
chicken and fried rice we are actually
cleaning out all the cupboards in the
fridge today and we found this like
pushed to the back of the freezer and I
was like let's cook it it's an easy
simple dinner and it smells yummy all
he's got his dinner he's got chicken and
a zucchini muffin and blueberries which
are pretty dango Bonita nose raised Yeti
yeah that's the Yeti and where's it here
yeah yeah from deep in this forest there
comes alone you ha can you yard ah ah
it's Yeti he's sleepy for the day's
nearly gone turns and tosses why you may
ask well I'll tell you my dear
Yeti sees shadows start frightfully near
if you have to bring the bed the ball to
bed boss to come to bed with you oh all
right okay they down Oh tuck you in this
is it it will turn the fishes right here
we gotta get Buzz and Woody you can't
close your eyes close in tight
alright guys that's all for today's
video but if you enjoyed it
click that thumbs up button and if you
have not seen my little talks cover it
is on my channel link down below in the
description please go check it out if
you haven't already and if you're going
to VidCon come to our Meetup
it's on Saturday at 11:30 at the maker
studios booth
thanks for watching we'll see you manana
Oh
this is hard
Oh
