hey guys before today's vlog starts I
have a really quick announcement for
those of you going to VidCon this year
which is very close it's coming up at
the end of this month finally have our
meet and greet figured out we are going
to be meeting with all of you at the
maker studios booth at 11:30 a.m. on
Saturday
that's the 25th ok Saturday our meet and
greet is going to start at 11:30 but
we're actually going to be doing a panel
/ Q&A at the maker studios booth at
11:00 so if you show up at 11:00 a.m.
you'll get to see us do the panel maybe
ask some questions and we'll answer them
and then we're going to be doing a
meet-and-greet right after so we can do
pictures and meet and vlog and chat and
all that fun stuff so I hope you guys
can come now enjoy today's vlog
good morning guys I have a happy baby
here and I turned my back for two
seconds and look what happened oh and
look what else happened Penmark and of
course the culprit right here actually
this is the true culprit so I'm actually
headed out of the house today me and all
they are going out this morning I am
headed to go get some stuff done for my
passport they call it like an interview
but it's like I have to meet with
someone to get my passport and I'm
really disappointed because I actually
thought I did this like two months ago
and I thought I took care of it all but
apparently I did it wrong or I filled
out the wrong application and I have to
go get a passport picture again
hopefully I can get my application my
passport sooner rather than later and we
can start traveling the world we gotta
get this kid a passport home baby
whoo and I thought you need a passport
at two years old huh we are headed in to
get my passport picture and I have all a
because Brian really needs to get work
done it is Monday so that means work
what yeah he's really excited I told me
I could go see Mimi and he thought oh
that means we're gonna see Papa too
but Papa sleeping because he works
nights so that's not really gonna happen
yeah you see all those balls okay let's
go get Mama's picture that was fast and
easy huh and he got a ball for being so
good that's my passport picture I look
kind of like shocked or like like what's
going on that's okay well hopefully
hopefully I only needed one picture
where's mama mama oh yeah I was good on
Mother's Carla you see Kermit dairy yeah
Risto dah
yeah I'm at my mom's now because I'm
just killing a bit a time before my
appointment and then she's gonna come
with me because I don't think they're
gonna have balls at the passport
application place so I might need
something else to help distract dolly
hey guys how's it going today I wanted
to let you know that the new cover is up
on my channel right now link down below
in the description please go watch it
thumbs it up leave a happy comment
probably one of my all-time favorite
songs and I was really excited to do it
so been working on that all morning
getting that up but as for Missy she has
been rest
on the couch for a while after she got
back and she put Ollie down for a nap
and I missed this kid so I'm gonna go
get him I think he's awake who you got
fishies up there in a ball this is so
cute he's still laying down hey fishies
yeah you got a ball a ball didn't mama
get you that good perfect daddy what is
that oh hey you kept saying the dog you
do doggy that looks like the leg of one
of the dogs from your book you tear that
out I've set that in there
oops do it oh that was good oh yes it's
a ball let's go see mama you want to
throw the ball downstairs throw it
good job oh it really bounced huh come
on you know how to come down the stairs
he's been getting better and better at
it there you go
on your belly there you go look at that
that is how you do it like a champ
I made Ollie a peanut butter and banana
sandwich and he's eating it aren't you
Missy he's actually eating it that is
awesome I used to eat peanut butter and
banana sandwiches all the time actually
when I was a kid I ate a lot of weird
things peanut butter my grandma would
make me peanut butter and fluff like
marshmallow fluff sandwich yeah like
that's healthy
yeah she'd also make me peanut butter
and butter just pretty good
Oh No Oh No dig dig dig dig dig dig dig
dig ready go they've been doing this for
like the past 20 minutes
Prince fundly all right well they
continue the tickle fight I want to show
you guys our little birdie
how you guys wondered how he's doing at
the heat I don't know but the hero all
right so I don't fall in that's the
cutest thing ever oh my goodness look at
those feathers are coming in remember
when it was like all bald
it is definitely growing out of there
though he's getting squished
he's squishy and they came back to this
you gonna get daddy good daddy giving
daddy hugs so I don't mean to brag punch
those grill marks you guys oh oh yeah
yeah that was me that was there ain't no
one else going
and I have cleared the stage for water
balloons
once dinner's all done it's gonna be a
water balloon massacre out here you guys
what is this kid doing he's so excited
music I want to play with balloons hi
here we go guys
we got the stage all set we got water
balloons galore up in here come here let
me see you it's black watch what is
about to happen got the good old party
mode again
I'll join it's good
don't you pay
- excuse me
high-five
that may have been a little traumatized
oh yeah huh
now apparently we're just jumping in the
pool anybody just jumped in but you have
multi multiple colors of balloons in
your hair
yeah yeah
all he thinks just because he's a year
old that he is allowed to run around the
house naked oh come here you are
butt-naked on my chair what gives you
the right to be naked and run around the
house you think just cause you got a
cute tushy that you can run around naked
huh okay
Joop all right guys Ali's asleep right
how do you do good we tired about good
today huh yeah we had a really fun day
but I'm gonna go ahead and end today's
vlog if you enjoyed it click that thumbs
up button and please go check out my new
cover link down below in the description
and if you're going to VidCon let us
know in the comments below if you're
gonna come to our meet and greet cuz
that would be really cool armor do you
want to come here
you wanna come to big class maybe don't
look Carmen no he would freak out
alright I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog thanks for watching and we will see
you manana
that's where I wanna be
this is her
I could see
