good morning oli guess what today is
okay um look milk day it's officially
your second birthday birthday baby happy
birthday
you owe me I eat what you eat it it is
all a second birthday that means he's 2
years old and so today we are gonna go
to Disneyland and celebrate as a family
then go Disneyland you literally just
put it on bed and threw him in his car
seat yep all right let's go you ready
ready dear
on our way to Disneyland and weird a
little bit of traffic oh just a lane
again where we going
I can't dude Disneyland yeah yeah nokia
and if you guys heard it but yeah we're
on our way hiding kenner in another car
and we're all headed there I'm really
excited we did not get very much sleep
though Brian it was editing the birthday
special like all night and he can get to
bed like 3:30 I don't think I got to bed
to like 1:30 this has been crazy crazy
crazy feel like I've been running like a
walks obviously we have a birthday party
we have we've been running on empty and
then we had a birthday party which I'm
so glad I did so I didn't want to do it
like later on in the week I wanted to do
it like kind of cut as close to the
birthday as I can so I'm glad I did it
but I had to clean up everything
afterwards and then like pack repack I
just got home yeah we plan to do
Disneyland with our friends afterwards I
really need to slow down
okay you got your banky okay I even had
a dream last night that in my dream I
was running running running like crazy
and then all of a sudden I felt his feet
and his like body coming out his being
the baby yeah the baby was like coming
out of me and I was like oh my gosh and
then peoples are like stuffing him back
into me and they're like get back in
there baby you're not ready and I was
like oh my god I feel like this is me
knowing I need to slow down all right we
just shopping grabbed a little breakfast
you got a minion always a caveman minion
huh let me see that is cool he's
munching on a little pancake are you
excited to go Disneyland say Disneyland
he's excited we are here with Heidi and
Ken sudden Kim pact and her sister
talita Heidi just announced something
really kind of crazy this morning on her
channel so go check it out link down
below in the description go watch the
video but we're headed into Disney that
look at Missy's got our Mickey ears yeah
Holly look what we got you you got a
happy birthday Oliver pin in that kugel
hole you want to wear it yeah look at
he's puffing out his chest he's like
yeah I put it on there there you go
happy birthday hey high five buddy yeah
Disney here we go
you
you
what a beautiful day here at Disneyland
you guys just got in we got little Tiana
here
hey are you excited yeah she looks so
cute all dressed up like that
Oh
rapping
they hide a Peter
come on come on we are headed into it's
a small world because you know it's just
a small world sometimes all you give you
know the world was pretty small it's
pretty small actually that was cool
though we got to meet Peter Panda he's
cool character he's got that minion he's
taken everywhere also million isn't
Disney so I'm hoping no one sees us with
with the minion character because that
just might be a controversial minion
down we have a minion down ladies and
gentlemen after that just happened I
just think it's gone yeah he's surviving
so it's gone talking about
you
we are now in Nicki's house ladies and
gentlemen exploring
or now in Mickey's garden an affair
can we just appreciate Ken's outfit
right now you guys he's wearing a
collared shirt and a bowtie come on roll
well we're at low tide every single day
I pretty much every single day so how
many a bow ties you own I'll never be
like maybe it doesn't does it
dang I'm glad you like em stylus on
point no matter where she is we out were
on the railroad or when it was traveling
to New Orleans where now we are at lunch
at the French market in New Orleans
square and we've never had lunch of this
place really it's so good they have I
think one of the best selections of food
in Disneyland so I got a french dip he
got like a quarter chicken and mashed
potatoes chicken team they have
jambalaya
this man just started playing over there
and all these jamming helped you like
that
whoa look at all this buzz lightyear
stuff this is crazy sir we don't have
circular they takes it like puts it
right here he needs an astral blaster
just like just like Buzz look at this
you guys you can even get a bucket of
soldiers how cool is that they be
everywhere that would not be a funky cat
that's so cool
tiny we're on a boat native people
banana boat under than before
chilling pretty cool ah don't worry that
we're on the Mark Twain riverboat and we
met were on a quest bride Tiana Rosalyn
yeah because I think it's all some kind
of a fan
you
you
you
for a time we got a good spot for the
parade Gaines you left your lumps here
and all easy now we got a really good
pull out for the parade and it's
starting to come by we've been having a
really great day hanging out this buddy
huh
rest
somebody
you
you
pretty this is like the best ride ever
 right now he's ready to bring on
those robots you'll rendezvous at fun at
sea
all he's already got his gun - all right
we're gonna trade in a little gun for a
big gun kay
right there right there another robot
yeah
we're stuck on the ride we've been here
for about five minutes we have a move
always when it oh look at that
thank you we're killing Turks I gotta go
this is my score right now you guys
755,000 all he's got 2,000 points so
that's something we're sick oh sorry
get him on you get up get up get up get
up get up
we ran into a friend Louise and she's
playing with Ollie with this weird well
Ice Cube thing yeah we have cocktails oh
is that what they are all started young
Louise thanks for that that is so funny
so what was your favorite ride at your
first time at Disneyland
oh yes yeah after the gonna be sick
yes
this is a parade there's a lot of
craziness going on out there right now
we just made it to our room
we are staying down here at Disneyland
because we're going to be doing another
day of Disneyland we're pretty excited
about it but I got two days we have it
but check out the room we just checked
into we had no idea we got this
it's a Toy Story room buzz is everywhere
and he's screaming yes we've got a toys
at play poster and we got huge woody oh
my gosh
Olly we're gonna take a bath in there
oh my gosh we had such a fun day pretty
much an awesome second birthday if you
ask me and I just wanted to say thank
you guys to everyone who wished him a
happy birthday people were tweeting us
and using the hashtag happy birthday
Ollie all day long and it was so much
fun to get to see that you guys actually
check out his first birthday in the
description and also his birth blog of
when he was born which I always want to
go back the one you're going to Thiago
blogs yeah really cool yeah so they'll
be linked down below you can watch them
there by edit and go to bed because we
got a busy fun day tomorrow as well you
know my crime holidays by
that's where we'll be
send me
in sad
this is home
