good morning guys today is a very
special day because we are celebrating
Oliver's second birthday
years ago oh my gosh two years ago
Oliver came into this world and
completely changed our lives and we were
just so grateful for him
I'm so excited we've missed him in the
past couple of days so he yeah we just
got back from VidCon and it was crazy
and he was able to show up for one day
of that and hang out with us rush back
here I've been like decorating all day
and he's up from his nap so we're gonna
surprise him and show him what we have
going on downstairs just crazy
Holly screaming and yelling for us okay
well he's probably up now Holly
Oh stink stir can I have a kiss yeah
we're gonna go see Mimi yeah this is
happening we have ollie a little
birthday outfit can you guys guess what
it is but it'll work oh he's gonna be
such a cute little Space Ranger oh
there's more than just balls down here
Holly how about that Ollie
so this is a giant Buzz Lightyear
balloon yeah he's pretty much epic we
couldn't get a guy in a suit to come so
we got a big balloon give him a high
five yeah that was awesome Ollie and he
found auntie's present he was born no
before you was born
oMG so what is this Cassie it's a
gliding bike so it's a balance bike
right he learns to walk on it like this
and then later when he gets better Hills
Hilda lies feet up and he'll get them
glide oh they'll never need training
wheels they won't they trained was when
he mastered this yes so yeah but I'm
saying that is so cool like dance with
me buzz and Ollie just so you know that
is the first of many presents mama and
daddy went a little bit crazy yeah come
see in this room oh yeah bring your bus
bring your bus into this room you want
to go outside okay
here let's go outside come on come
outside come liquid else we got you Oh
what is this water there's another one
all these presents we got him so that he
could play outside it's a water table
yeah how cool is that mr. Buzz Lightyear
showed up and they're gonna be hanging
out with us for a few days so they've
got a couple of fun things in store but
you guys are helping us so much today
extended crazy hectic so thank you so
much he's like oh can I have cake we're
gonna eat cake in a little bit okay yeah
go play with the balloons go play with
the loons happy birthday - Oliver - like
happy birthday - Oliver also who's who
else's birthday is it that looks good
Mimi told me to write it twice so I will
blame you me no it looks good oh okay I
get it now I get it yeah yeah we got
pizza from Pizza Planet
Ollie are you ready ready I'm ready -
scoff that down isn't that so cute a
baby's wearing fuzz right here all right
we got all the tattoos for Toy Story and
Ollie is gonna get his very first one
which is Buzz right on his hand we've
never done this before don't know how
easily we can actually do it how he's
eaten his Apple look he is a trooper
what is that that is buzz or CJ you're
getting the alien yeah Missy is the
official tattoo artist for this birthday
party yeah very family you know if
you're getting oh yeah getting a woody
tattoo you just gotta get it in a place
way show it off your muscles maybe
you'll be dancing things what yeah oh
yeah yeah represent he got what he also
make it dance
oh yeah he's totally dancing kasi yeah
yeah totally like doing a jig
look who's here it's Liv and she is
getting a woody tattoo look at you
you're already tatted up on your hand oh
it's totally all right we are playing
pin the tail on bull's eye there's where
it goes let's see close but no cigar go
Bailey we're getting right into the wall
there we go
okay there you go now it's on Woody's
face we're gonna try the mask on you
sticker go put it on
yeah go live harder
yeah
yeah yeah CJ we're gonna need you to
save the day on this okay
all right we are doing presents now I
could seriously watch him open presents
all day this is adorable this is this is
too adorable Missy
can we give him presents every day Oh a
drum set
that's cool Wow
Missy's unwrapping presents big old tool
sad
good present choice Livia okay I'll
thank him later
Hot Wheels only matched by yeah all
right yeah Missy and I had a little bit
of a theme for this party if you guys
didn't pick up on that
all the real slinky dog that's awesome
thank you aunt Christie what is this oh
you're gonna jump jump jump you're gonna
love that
Thank You Mimi and Papa he loves that
trampoline park he's going to love this
thank you guys so much
oh oh I think there's one more it's your
own buzz all right happy birthday to you
B birthday too
you go go
can you say cake cake oh yeah he's doing
the no hands challenge Cassie you know
how it is oh don't do it don't drill it
yeah you have a blue mouth now Olli I
don't understand this oh how is it
Bailey yummy how is it Liv good you like
that ice cream too okay CJ do you proof
thumbs-up if you approve okay jump jump
oh you don't care you don't care
jump jump jump jump oh my gosh Holly you
like your new slinky dog that buys hey
come here come let's go see all the toys
look at all you've got the whole
collection don't you look at this kid
you guys he's got all the Toy Story toys
now I love it he's got racks
he's got mr. Potato Head he's got Jessie
can you get Jessie a hug oh give her a
hug
he's got buzz who's like the coolest
ever
he even has a laser and karate chop
action yep he's got slinky dog who's
noisy and fun and stretches and rolls
and then he's got his woody and bullseye
I packed your angry eyes yeah cuz he's
happy he's got angry isn't
we had such a blast today celebrating
all of her second birthday he's actually
going to be two for us tomorrow but for
you today so be sure to tweet on social
media hashtag happy birthday ollie one
day he's gonna look back at ya so leave
your birthday wish for Ollie in the
comments below I just can't believe two
years ago we were in the hospital unsure
of what was gonna happen you know you
love buzz hey Ollie look at this I see
something really cool oh and his wings
pop up make him fly make him fly whoa
he's flying as adorable that he knows
how to make it fly
yeah I can't wait yes I am so excited we
got to celebrate this guy we got to
spoil him he had so much fun I hope you
guys had fun we're gonna go in to end
today's vlog now tomorrow we're going to
Disneyland to have some fun with our
friends who are staying with us and if
you guys don't know who they are they
live in Arizona and they actually daily
vlog too
Missy's been friends with Heidi for like
over two years now and they're really
great people so go check them out I'll
have the link down below in the
description but for now we're gonna call
it a night thank you guys so much for
watching and we will see you manana
keyboard ' oh did you go football oh no
all right we'll see you later say bye
that's where I wanna be
Oh
Vinson
this is home
just
