hey Kate scream
are you okay Oh
good morning guys
I am really nervous this morning I'm not
gonna lie I went to the doctors a couple
months ago for the first time in ten
years and he wanted me to go get my
blood tested and just test like a bunch
of different things in my blood to see
how healthy I am been putting it off for
a while but then Missy remembered and
she made my appointment so now we're
going today and I just do not do good
with giving blood or needles or seeing
it and the last time that I did give
blood I ended up passing out pretty
horrific experience that was in high
school today I have to do it it's one of
those things as an adult you have to do
you have to go get your blood drawn so
they can figure things out about your
body I feel like a mess right I'm so
nervous
good morning oli how's it going buddy
you gonna hang out with me me this
morning okay and Aunty where's auntie
Anna here Wow yeah maybe you just saw
how to say her name better than me me
and so he says it all the time
yeah Brian is getting his blood work
done and I'm actually also doing blood
work I have a my glucose test is usually
something you do when you're pregnant
I'm also not looking forward to it but
I'm not looking forward to it because I
had to drink the drink the drink a drink
for you and you can get work and I mean
like last night I talked about this in
my bum date which should be up hopefully
soon I was like terrified with oli and
obviously I did it and it wasn't that
bad
and
I'm not asked terrified by still really
don't look forward to drinking it they
do not put mine in a fridge where some
people get to take theirs hold on like
put it in a fridge I don't get to do
that yeah so I'm excited to get this
over with I'm not excited to sit there
for two hours
starving it as I think that's also the
problems that we're both starving so I
think we're kind of grouchy too all they
have is why Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck
Chuck Chuck is it like 7up not good just
tastes like a lemon lime juice is not
that bad I'm doing an OD you are not
very good over here
to piss
you won't feel it going to feel it can
you take a deep breath in for me deep
breath in hmm that was good
yeah I've had to do 11 or 12 of these
before makeup taken deep breath in for
me good job thank you good oh you did it
just for fun wasn't it really wasn't
that did you even feel it yeah yeah yeah
of course
look what they did to me you guys they
poked me they put a hole in me honestly
though it really wasn't that bad I was
really afraid of passing out though and
the anticipation really had my heart
racing and like pounding in my chest and
so did say next time to have me lay down
just cuz it's a little uh mix makes you
relax a little more I don't know why you
guys I just I think ever since I gave
blood the last time in high school I've
just been so afraid of blood and needles
and taking blood and I can't do I
watched Missy do it uh you know cuz
she's been pregnant a couple of times
and it's even hard for me to watch her
do it but I did it uh stupidly though
they don't give you cookies last time I
get blood they give me cookies but
apparently they don't do it when it's
for my medical reasons so that's pretty
stale but I'm gonna find me a cookie
you've been having so much fun today
haven't you you got your shoes on yeah I
just put your shoes on and dressed you
up and you were watching Shrek I'm
picking Olly up and Missy is still
getting tests done she has to get her
blood drawn choose to drink that stuff
get a blood drawn again and then again
so she'd has to be there for like three
hours but she wanted me to come back to
get her video up so her 26 week bump day
is up so go check it out link down below
in the description guys you want to see
mama okay you can bring the
and you can't bring the gun okay let's
go take my hand
come on say bye Shrek Ollie and I are
gonna get a table at Texas Roadhouse and
cuz Missy's gonna be done in like 20
minutes
I guess it went by a lot faster than I
thought you ready Mama's gonna meet us
here I'm gonna order food you want food
okay let's go get food come on
Molly just pointed to this and he goes
bunny Oh
his mouth is full of bread am I like the
greatest husband ever yeah okay you guys
got your salads they just dropped them
off and your drink oh really
did you get results now second one hurt
is everyone freaking her like yeah what
she did he view the same spot
oh wow I don't think they had to I just
like yeah it's a Boehner yeah
that's funny Oh soon as we sat down all
they pointed over there and he went
bunny like yeah that's a weird-looking
bunny bunny horns oh I got my cookie I
drove through Panera Bread and I asked
for the freshest chocolate-chip cookie
you could find and they gave me this and
it was hot if this isn't a reward for
having blood drawn today I don't know it
would be mmm chocolatey stirrer I got my
blood work I went home and I literally
have been laying on the couch for like
two or three hours because my hip hurts
so badly you guys it's been hurting for
like the past couple of weeks but like
today
especially yesterday - it's like really
really started her and now I'm kind of
thinking it might be like some sort of
sciatica because I actually stepped on
my heel and I felt shooting pain down my
leg and I was like ow that was that was
definitely sciatica it kind of seemed
like it was connected to the hip pain
that I'm having so if any pregnant women
have like experienced what I seem to be
describing let me know because it is
really painful but we're actually gonna
go to a movie I'm really excited because
we're taking all you go see Mickey and
sending away he's never watched a
speckle me or anything like that but
whenever he sees the minions and
whenever he sees the trailer for the
minions he's always really excited about
it so I'm excited I think he's gonna
really like it you know I think I'm
really gonna like it I know I think I've
been wanting to see you jassie minions
and can say I'm excited
you do with your milk Oh Holly Holly
all right good back yeah say hi hi hey
with that haha say makin me
night it I shouldn't
all right give it to mama now only ratha
memories we were skeptical we've he's
always so fascinated by the big screen
it's so cute
he's gonna chill
all you loved that movie didn't you sig
thumbs up thumbs up the movie it was
good movie I'll he's sitting right on
the edge of there what there's a ball
oh you do see balls over there huh he
had so much fun in the movie it was so
cute huh oh okay come on yeah that's
actually a big jawbreaker that that
would break your little jaw tenon and
then and then it go go go go go nitro
yeah like doesn't work give him a big
hug give him a big hug big hug oh this
is Bob and if you guys notice he's got a
green eye and a brown eye that's pretty
cool huh
Hey upstairs has just as much room oh oh
it's like play on this thingy yeah oh
you want your cup and more carpet yeah
okay oh right vade all the time he
actually knows how to turn it on yeah
yeah he goes right made a tight squeeze
are you okay
Oh scary baby good dog how what happened
Oh condemned to have a kiss ah love you
boy
hi good night night thank you guys for
watching today's vlog I hope you enjoyed
it if you did give it a thumbs up and
leave a happy friendly comment below go
check out Missy's new bumped a link down
below in the description and we'll see
manana please
I love it that's where I want visit
because you're so small
things like this ma'am
you escaped this is my freakin
okay
