Mama's gonna go poopoo on the potty
isn't that cool
good morning guys I have just been doing
a lot of chores trying to get some stuff
done although you probably wouldn't be
able to tell from my house down here
I've been doing a lot of stuff up there
and actually put oli down for a nap I
don't know like why an hour ago he's
still wide awake just playing in his
crib and actually it really doesn't
bother me I knew he wasn't gonna get
like a super I knew he wasn't gonna get
like a super long nap because we have to
be somewhere but I really needed to get
some stunt stuff done so I was like well
just try and take a nap but he's just
been playing in his crib so he basically
just been having like quiet time it's
been really nice cuz he's not crying or
anything he's perfectly content and
happy and I'm able to get stuff done if
he wants to take a nap he can totally
shut his eyes but he hasn't wanted
that's okay too so now I'm actually
gonna start trying to get some stuff
down here before we gots to go that
means I gotta clean up all of Ali's toys
and I gotta do the kitchen I gotta clean
out the dishwasher and luckily there's
not too many dishes gotta get on it good
morning guys look who's up
little munchkin he's gonna throw the
ball to me he didn't sleep at all I
thought he's got a little nap no ahh
this little ball it's a globe actually
and he his hand back like this and
then goes yeah like throws it as hard is
he good well good morning anyway from
your your non-productive nap buddy we
are all up and dressed ready you ready
come here oh look at this cute family of
mine all ready for the day
he never does cheese anymore you guys
say cheese it was and you know what we
need to do one photo shoot with him
during that time know what have been
perfect is cheesy little smile yeah this
water that's the pool okay go run this
morning I got a ton of work done which
was really nice to try and see if we can
get some stuff done on the home front
gonna be working on stuff to buy when we
buy our first whoa okay Olli no more
throwing give it to mama good boy baby
you're looking cute look at you how do
you do this look it's like that Lacey
and that Lacey are exactly the same
dang girl pregnant chicks got it going
on so we are over at Missy's aunt's
house say hello Christy and she's been
helping us with house stuff but also
she's been doing something really fun
for the past couple of week you want to
tell him this is kind of like your thing
to do things like this right well yes I
live my life through you guys looking up
vacations for you guys to go before you
have the baby in yes a lot of research
and I think we have it narrowed down if
you guys don't know Missy and I are
going to be going on a babymoon this is
like like a big this is like a
once-in-a-lifetime deal I feel like you
know we did it what did we gonna be we
didn't yeah it's like what a blessing I
think it's gonna be insane so we're
planning our babymoon and book it Chris
he's like done all the research I know
she's been so such a good house I
recently was getting my passport because
we were gonna do something somewhere
where I need a passport but then I just
got really complicated like let's just
go somewhere without a passport
somewhere without a passport
and we won't we won't say we're yet but
it's really exciting I'm just so excited
to hang out with this woman
Ali's gonna be with aunty and Mimi and
he'll be okay
and I'm gonna show Cassie how to vlog
with Olly so she's gonna vlog with Olly
and semi footage self yeah those are
gonna be some really fun vlogs yeah I
was
excited so we're probably gonna go
around our anniversary so probably
sometime next month will tell you guys
more this is so cool though babe
just me and you our life is fun this is
this is gonna be crazy
okay think of it I was like in one last
blowout
when I saw big for the baby comes
because even though we'll probably still
be able to do things it's not like we
can't do anything but I mean two kids is
more responsibility especially if you're
gonna let someone watch them it's two
kids instead of one yeah it's like one
kids one kid to kid is like 10 it's
gonna be one last nice trip of just
Missy and I probably for a long time
because it's gonna be even harder with
more kids at least a year because I
don't have a nursing for at least a year
but we'll let you guys know more closer
to the date I'm just so excited because
it's actually happening it's really cool
we actually just got done with a lot of
house stuff and the whole bateman theme
getting somewhere
yeah we've been using pretty productive
thing and always been playing and we're
now just sitting outside in like this
really nice backyard it's actually very
beautiful weather outlets I mean I'm not
gonna say it's chilly but it's really
nice and I'm feeling this baby kicked me
like he's kicking my ribs I feel it I
feel like if he's not careful he's gonna
pop over about and we're only like half
far away my 26 weeks yeah I don't know
he's kicking like crazy let's say I'm
not getting any like crotch zap things
dozens are painful this is you just
kicking my ribs this is right here his
same spot that Olly was I rarely
actually feel him kick over here mostly
all over here it's kind of interesting
but always been making me some food you
want to get me a place so I can eat my
food Olly are you gonna give me some
food can you get me a pepper felt like I
have an idea Oh a drink and a bowl can I
have some
thank you he's got a full kitchen over
there with the barbecue and everything
great John by that good fight huh
you want some more oh you and gets him
to dead that oh that is good
you may try it you make some good food
oh it's just so cute because he's
playing for time
oh yeah he's definitely getting an
imagination I know he's getting a little
imagination that's so cute we just got
home he has been really good he's been
playing all day he's so cute oh I'm so
proud of him because he well he was
really upset because he threw woody and
I could not get him I'm too big and I
was like I'm sorry oh you know his his
bedtimes in like an hour
oh hey oli was just squatting and thing
and go poo poo poo poo
I brought the toilet up here in triangle
poopoo he's got a cookie and woody it's
gotta go good right go poo poo
Oh No oh he was toy squeezing Wow no go
poopoo go poopoo alley-oop push it out
did he go he goes would be so cool yeah
Mama's gonna go poopoo on the potty
isn't that cool
cooking up some dinner yeah we got sweet
Italian sausage on the grill so I'm
cooking that up and we're gonna do our
gnocchi dish with our Parmesan cheese
and sausage and normally it calls for
cabbage but Missy and I can never find
that red savoy cabbage that the recipe
actually calls for which is actually a
really yummy cabbage so we always just
end up getting the other cabbage and
we're like we don't really like that
soho always been I like the red savoy
cabbage surprising it's like sweet and
it's not as like chewy that's like it's
not easy so we're just gonna be like
yeah no cabbage so I'm waiting on water
to boil and the sausages cooking got
fresh garlic in there red pepper smells
amazed all all he is sleeping and I
don't know why he is so surprised every
night that he has to go to bed because
every single night he goes to bed and
he's like what why is this happening why
are you doing this to me I'm like brah
you need to sleep we all sleep okay he's
just out of weird stage right now and
there it is you guys no key and sausage
Parmesan cheese and the water from the
gnocchi made the sauce all cheesy and
you know me and it looks and smells
delicious how was dinner
not heartburn oh did it yeah hostage you
saw we really thought good though was it
worth it yeah I was really good I don't
want something we just got that recipe
from a blue apron yeah now we do it
every now and then yeah it's really cool
just watched Big Brother really cool
season love the twin twist
oh yeah that's when tuition is really
cool they did it a few years that like a
long time ago I loved it like I've
always like been like that was such a
cool idea
your twin let us know in the comments I
wonder how many twins watch our more
think we'll ever have twins no you can
happen anyway we're just sitting here
chillin I'm action all cool shooting
some b-ball outside of school yeah and a
couple of guys gonna clean they're up to
no good
they started playing started causing
trouble with my neighborhood okay okay I
got in one little fight one little fight
and my mom got scared she ended up over
there stop anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I'm gonna go ahead
and end it here we got a lot lot done
today it was a very productive day I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did give it a thumbs up do that with
your thumbs and subscribe and we'll see
you manana if you haven't seen my cover
my channel go check it out or Missy she
did a Q&A both are linked below go watch
our other videos
oh okay okay he's getting crazy you know
when the camera starts going like this
is about the end
is about the end okay stop I don't know
where to put it okay it's really I'm
sorry the camera is going crazy right
now I don't even know where okay
here this is hot
it's a
laughing
