this seems really dangerous Helen yeah I
would say suckers because I'm leaning
back forward this looks hilarious and
also very wrong
say good-morning fishy hey good morning
guys
Missy made homemade biscuits and gravy
this morning so we've been munching on
that doing good stuff
oli is playing with the fishy right
where's the fishy furniture
oh crap dude sorry I take a five minute
shower and you eat all the food uh try
15 minutes and you did your hair dude
you smell good yeah alright yeah yeah
why did you do your hair today's a whole
day
enjoy your pool time I have a very
important business meeting Oh guys I
made breakfast this morning and now I'm
being so lazy and number I want you to
get up I don't want him yeah like I
didn't automatically turn on I thought
this was NASA are you gonna do I can't
believe how fast contacted really I mean
oh my gosh is gonna fall
please fall so let's can go back whoa
please don't break your foot like you
did it you look like you're skating you
just using stop okay this seems really
dangerous : yeah I would say sex because
I'm leaning backward forward this looks
hilarious and also very wrong
oh my gosh guiding it actually wait
don't leave that Holly there silly huh
well I'm like you've got to give me a
ride
why are you ten young cold trouble maybe
it could be the position you're in
keep your hands out in front anymore and
then let's all back one behind it yeah
we're basically having a blast
Oh watch it toes alright Brian just made
us some guac which we are really excited
about but apparently no one likes a
bunch in this house
yeah I think Cohen and Katie like it
they'll at least try it
I don't think Gary likes walk I was
trying on a guac ban okay I told him I
was like I'm not I was never a bobcat
until Brian made sound and I was like um
of course I had to make some cookies I
have like homemade cookies in the fridge
right now already rolled and ready to go
so I can make cookies whenever I feel
like it forgot my being so young no one
else has everything on so what the heck
so right now I'm yeah where you should
have a really fun cool day hanging out
with our friends and relaxing chillin
yes we're gonna grill it'll be fun you
guys I just came out here to check out
my bird and he's gone look at this he's
gone literally gone and I checked the
ground yesterday I really get nervous I
find a lot of birds below their nest not
usually alive no hummingbird no baby
hummingbirds so that's good I think he
flew away safely but there was a big ol
dragonfly yeah so I'm hoping I'll see
him around and maybe I'll know that it's
him because he'll be a baby but that's
exciting I'm glad he got away safely
that's all I was worried about and there
I'm looking for Oh Brian's boat yo we
got a poppin youtuber pool party Cullens
editing videos yeah we got guac and
salsa and chips Jarrod's already in the
pool how's the water feel how's the
water feel Jay perfect yeah pregnant
babes chillin out here you're getting
warm so you can jump in the pool tad
chilly Oh yaks I just filled it up you
look cute
chillin out maxin relaxin all cool
you
just
be sure
look at Jared you guys oh my god oh my
gosh that's not safe oh my gosh oh my
gosh so funny
paulien games are rocket out do you guys
remember this it's like the old jumper
he loved it yeah so we brought it out
from this Mesa game she's playing with
it and all he cannot leave it alone I
miss Macy Gaines um five minions
home I heard home and minions all right
the barbecue has commenced I did carne
asada on the grill polio asada we got
all the fixings and Missy's family is
here to eat some of the food because we
are not gonna eat all that food you guys
so we are digging into it also look at
you
what is Jared doing what are you doing
Ali's face having Ellie Ellie we miss
you we love you we wish you were here
oli has been in this for over about 20
minutes now he saw gains in it and was
like I remember that I had a lot of fun
in that
so he's been chillin in this I know
right it's like a new old toy so funny
go ollie
go ollie it's your birthday I love this
all our family and friends here Missy
isn't this cool I love
looks big is John le like Chipotle cold
man what they're all he's been asking
about you how was work yes just missed
it all he gave a to everyone a person
hugger weekend yeah
all II know you go to bed Holly can I
have a hug I have a hug good Oh Nene I
love you this actually means that they
go 9 night you guys is so late like
really late like 1:00 in the morning
like 1:00 in the morning boys are not
editing I really want Brian edit tonight
so hopefully you could edit you look
really lovely on nothing so much really
fun day tomorrow though or VidCon starts
tomorrow
yeah right it's gonna be so much fun we
are so excited to get down there and
look there's eating my cookies right now
there's a delicious he likes my cookies
oh that's sad hope you guys enjoyed the
video today we had solid fun first pool
party ever give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it and we'll see
yes
Oh
