good morning guys today I have a very
busy morning I have tons of emails to
send lots of work to do because it's
Monday but I thought before I do any of
that before I even get ready or shower
for the day I'm gonna jump in the pool
oh man
it kills me
I love summer
seriously though just being able to come
out here and take a dip in our fresh
swim get your heart racing a little huh
it's a great way to start the day feel
very energized plus I get to hang out
with my little rubber duckie what's up
buddy quick word good morning guys
what you got ollie what is that are you
gonna chase me with it
you better not chase me with it you
better not you boom boom boom you're
gonna be a drummer aren't ya good
morning he's drumming on me like a drum
thanks for that kiddo Ollie let's go
upstairs he can get ready for the day
you ready me an empty empty TV he's out
Nikki okay is she talking about absolute
the papa papa ask her if she's gonna
come over today I'm a little me okay
yeah oh yeah I'm here
MooMoo be that good there and I'm coming
over she's gonna play with you is she
gonna come over
Antti then come over I'm coming over
buddy I'll be over girls say okay mama
they're your mama I got a text I gotta
go all right Ali say bye hi okay hang up
click the red button yeah there you go
Saddam his first phone call to aunty
easy she's gonna call for him play yeah
she's gonna come play with you and go
play with her morning guys I'm actually
ready for the day and Olli is not but
auntie's here and he's having some
internet problems over at their house so
if she wants to like hang out here
sounds like well I'm getting ready to
leave the house now has a nap so maybe
you want to hang out here she's gonna
like hang out and watch Netflix new
stuff well all I take snap hey guess
what baby he he doesn't want to talk
about what's about to happen
da da daaaa auntie auntie Mimi Mimi ba
ba ba ba ok come on let's go find buzz
where did Paula's I was buzzed go show
go show us buzz oh they're here oh we
should go hang out with him all right
holy guacamole you guys I just got so
much work done I had like a million
emails to send we're actually getting
things set up for VidCon so VidCon is
gonna be at the end of the month and yes
we are going so buy your ticket so you
can meet us there I think we're gonna
have an official meet-and-greet at the
Maker booth but we're still setting up a
day at a time that works so setting up I
think a couple of panels or things to do
there so that should be a ton of fun I'm
getting really really excited for VidCon
oh also today I put up my new cover in
my new studio over at Jeffrey's house
and I actually saying honey I'm good so
if you guys want to check out that cover
it's on my channel link down below in
the description and subscribe while
you're there because I'm gonna be
putting up more covers it was the first
thing we filmed and did audio for in
that room so they're only gonna get
better
may even mix up how we actually do the
covers because your muscles done
because a lot of artists and musicians
do pre-pro which means it's
pre-production so they sing all the
different parts normally like they would
in a studio and they put it all together
and then they do the music video for it
like in a live setting me I actually
sang the entire song live I'm getting
work done and I was stupid and skipped
breakfast so my tumbly is rumbling so I
think I'm gonna go get some of that so I
made all these plans I was going to go
out and get a bunch of air instead but I
forgot I had a massage appointment at 3
o'clock and now I totally can't go out
and stuff so but I thought I'd come out
here and check on my birdy I kept on her
every once awhile there she goes just
because I want to make sure she does
okay and I really don't want it to fall
out okay a lot of baby birds fall out of
their nests and usually like died and
I'm afraid it's gonna like roll out into
my pool and drown
so I'm kind of stressed about it by my
freken when you were my way to go check
on this birdy hat how's it doing is it
alive hey Yuto
oh yeah he's getting big huh you're
gonna grow out of there he's totally
alive you can see him breathing don't
want the mom to get bad that is like the
cutest thing ever I've never like I've
been watching it grow I want it I don't
want to leave ever so I want to get some
hummingbird feeders out here so maybe
they'll just stay here and I'll be like
that's my birdie whoo yeah just stop by
Jersey Mike's and got a couple of
sandwiches cool thing was also I had
enough points I got the free sandwich
free food just tastes better you know so
I'm excited I have any Jersey Mike's in
a while so now I'm headed home I just
had a great massage I'm so happy because
I totally forgot about it but I actually
booked it for me as kind of a surprise I
feel so much better I feel like I really
needed it my hips and like killing me is
I'm it hurts so bad so she like really
worked on that a lot better now
where's ollie where is he this is hey
buddy how's it going you got your shoe
sure you go shush
right because that's what the guy at
home on the homeshow
his stick is called we also went grocery
shopping as a family and got groceries
all piled here and I am now parked
halfway in between Best Buy and old tux
Missy has something to pick up and I
have something to pick up at Best Buy
now but I just need extra camera
batteries and SD cards are we fly
through SD cards like crazy they always
seem to end up like stop working just
because I think we pull them in and out
of the camera so much so we have to
invest in some good ones mission
accomplished
can you help bring that in that's pretty
light good job bring it in come on kids
out of knowing you come on you got it
come on yeah come on bring it in keep
going keep going
you got it you've got it thank you
he's like I'm done what are you doing
right now ollie
that is dead - all you gotta take a bath
okay can you give me a hug first
oh all right go take a bath okay do you
think you're hiding right now from
taking a bath
holy cuz I can see you oh haha okay
that was adorable I think he actually
thinks he's hiding you're not hiding
come on oh yeah yeah Dee its Yeti he's
sleepy for the days nearly gone yeah
yeah on the light goes and the Yeti
surprise he sees only bunnies and their
big bunny eyes the bunny back in yeah
the end oh yeah what do you say today
can you ollie can you say nine eight -
baby before you say nine eight can you
feel it
y'all feeling kick put your hand inner
feeling can you get baby a hug oh don't
put your hand in feeling okay let's see
feel a kick my buzz to feel hmm doesn't
feel Oh chica come oh baby brothers kick
it in oh just a buzz Oh Kate Amara
course if you kick you hey okay hey wake
up baby brother
oh ah better kicking him mm ah oh oh if
you put your hand there but baby brother
will kick you
let's see if I kick you know feeling Oh
Thunder oh oh oh come on you're cooking
you know they feel thank you
kicks a lot I'm serious hey baby brother
wake up
let's do feeling they said I think it
does yeah I think so too
it's cute baby better kicks you yeah he
kicked your heart boo right after huh do
you feel he thinks it's funny now can
you give him a kiss good night now just
the baby my big dog
Oh be careful
play with it oh sheesh giving him a
massage you're crazy
can buzz get my kiss gentle all you
gotta be gentle
ah he's getting that baby Bozeman but no
no hey alright guys I'm all for today's
vlog I hope you enjoyed it if you did
give it a big fat thumbs up and
subscribe if you're not subscribed
already
video every Tuesday thank you for
watching be sure to follow us on Twitter
Instagram all those links are down below
in description thanks for watching and
we'll see you manana do sit that's where
I wanna be
top suntan
Vincent
this is her
just one
are you talk
I couldn't say
