and where's Ana no that's Elsa no that
is honor he knows it better than I do
good morning guys check out this
beautiful blue sky I don't see a single
cloud out there you guys
that is a beautiful California blue sky
I am actually headed to go get lunch
for the fam I say good morning because
we're all kind of just rolling out of
bed it was a long and night last night
with the family we had a great
Independence Day just hanging out eating
yummy food playing with the kids it was
a blast and I loved it and I especially
loved those mini doughnuts holy
guacamole those things are good but not
with guacamole more like cinnamon sugar
and powdered sugar they're pretty dang
good
funny thing I'm actually wearing red
white and blue still I got my red and
white tricks and shirt on and then some
blue shorts I came downstairs I was like
Missy showed a little bit of man bye oh
you like it was funny repeating it back
now it doesn't seem like it sounds that
funny but it was funny we were up really
late last night and man I woke up
feeling not good at all I actually ate
some of Missy's leftover s'mores ice
cream last night and I don't know if
that thing just has way too much sugar
or like egg yolks or what but it was
delicious it was amazing like the best
ice cream I've ever had but immediately
after I was done I felt so sick I didn't
eat that much of it but it just like was
not feeling it was not feeling very good
but because we were up so late the vlog
ended up being pretty late cuz I could
not edit last night so I apologize to
those of you guys who were waiting and I
just wanted to to let you know is I do
try and edit every night to have the
vlog up by 9 a.m. Pacific Standard Time
but sometimes that's not always the case
and it's really not late until it goes
up the next next day so I'll always have
it up that next day sometime within the
next day I've never been late and I
never missed a vlog still almost three
years you guys three three years can you
believe that it's been almost three
years and we've never been late or
missed a blog that's crazy
you like the song buddy
Missy and Ollie are watching Colin and
Katie's vlog this is our fourth of July
vlog oh cool
wishing we were there yeah Ollie you
hungry got some food all right got your
food yum food we might order too much
got a big pizza a little pizza at
Monticello sticks every burger what when
we didn't get any birdie you wanna you
want a little fry Yolen no okay this is
good this is a tavern cut pizza with
pesto and chicken and tomatoes YUM I
miss his finally getting a mozzarella
sticks
she's been craving them for days and
I've been a failure as a husband and not
getting them for her
but we got money now
the key is distraction distracting him
from the fact that he's probably gonna
take a nap can sit with that day and we
will go look in this frozen looking fine
book where's Olaf yeah and where's Anna
no that's Elsa no that is honor he knows
it better than I do
oh this is a cute book because it's got
this elaborate like sort of Where's
Waldo scene and then it gives you a list
of all the things that you need to find
but Olaf they're building all up right
there huh it's pretty cool
there you go so we just put oli down for
a nap and that's been going a lot better
although he does cry for like two
minutes sometimes he just doesn't goes
right to his sleep yeah so he's gonna
take a little nap and we're gonna just
chill on the couch karma are you
supposed to be on the couch are you
supposed to be on the couch karma I
don't think you are no can you get off
the couch thank you so much best dog
ever here throw the ball for you now
drop it Missy and I just watched
Independence Day and almost 20 years
later this movie is still really cool
and now all he's gone pew pew pew pew
pew pew are you shooting aliens yeah you
didn't watch he slept the whole time but
he's awake now fun Karma's Neeley and
shoot the alien pew pew pew pew pew pew
pew today I'm on a mission to make
cookie dough or cookies actually and I
usually am very diligent about keeping
all my ingredients always well stocked
I've always got chocolate chips I've
always got plenty of flour plenty of
sugar
I just realized oh I'm completely out of
brown sugar and I'm like no uh this is
not good this is not a good situation
but I'm actually having my mom bring
some over cuz they wanted to come
swimming so she's gonna bring me some
brown sugar she has saved the day
because otherwise I had to go to the
store and I've not planned to get
dressed today yeah and all he's still
shooting I think we're you know swimming
soon you ready go swim oh I know I know
well I put water in it when we go
outside and you can shoot us all okay
sound good yeah that's where the water
goes yep you're so smart
alright guys I have my RC boat and I
have figured out a way to attach the
dobro hopefully it just stays balanced
doesn't
top over so I'm going to put in the
water and see
oh I got fun now
Oh
we'll just put buzz in the back
you may need to cut it I've been having
some fun with my camera on the boat and
I accidentally got Karma
is he okay Justin his hair karma hold up
I have scissors I think we can get it
okay oh my gosh I'm sorry karma I got
too close oh how cool was that so
missing
this is so cool
this is gonna make cool montages that
much more better more better that's not
a thing I'm getting dinner all figured
out for tonight we had a bunch of
chicken breasts in there so I cut them
all in half and put them in this zesty
seasoning mix funny story actually
Austin know texted me the other day and
he's like hey my wife wants chicken and
she wants what you put on the chicken
the last time we were there and I was
like oh yeah that's st stuff it's like
this super easy marinade with oil and
vinegar and this chickens just got to
sit in there now and then we'll have
dinner fortune hang on the grill mr.
incredible is back at it again and um
throwback E&J shirt yeah
Missy do you think I'm mr. incredible of
course if I was any Disney character
what would I be do you think well that's
gonna take me a minute my first thought
was Aladdin really but then I was like
wow because he sings yes because I do
like Molly like he's really thrifty and
then you like and then he just he gives
to the poor yeah he's a super cool guy
that's cool you know I know who you
would be who Belle I know right
you're so Belle I am so Belle you would
live in France
you'd eat all the bread oh my gosh chef
you'd read books all day about like
romance novels and she loves the animals
cuz she's oh yeah yeah with the goats
that's true
she loves hanging out with all the
animals then she or so bailed and I'm
not saying like okay you're not beasts
okay but you like I feel like I saved
you and I like in a way
and I feel like she is getting too deep
all we're talking about is white Disney
character and they're saying like I just
feel like a bell
Oh like she saw the good in someone who
didn't have it and then like I gotcha
it's really way too deep I also have a
hairy chest totally a really important
question it is I think it really defines
exactly like I'm gonna think more about
your Z well as you can tell guys we're
just chilling on the couch has basically
been all day it's been so nice it has
been nice and I feel like I need to do
this more because I attended you're
creating a human I tend to spend my day
like okay what should I do next where
should I go what should I do wish I do
obviously I had a kid so like I have to
kind of be up about doing things but
like I'm just getting to a point where
I'm like so uncomfortable like I feel
like I might cry right now yeah we had a
really relaxing day today uh dinner with
the fam was yummy and played in the pool
because my family a lot and it never
gets old I just love being with them
like you think that we'd have no more to
talk about but like I have plenty to
talk about right yeah anyway I'm gonna
go ahead and today's vlog I did want to
let you guys know I know we have a lot
of new subscribers if you're new you
guys can follow me on Twitter link down
below in the description I post lots of
updates and like new things about the
vlog and stuff Missy doesn't tweet but
you can follow her too
I'll have her Instagram I'll have her
Instagram linked below follow her on
Instagram and me on Twitter I like to
interact with a lot of our viewers on
Twitter I feel like that's the best way
to do it so follow me on Twitter and
tweet me and I'll probably favorite I
don't wanna lie or something
Missy instagrams a lot so you should
except when you don't Instagram for five
days in a row that is very true smiles
Monday get it done
okay you guys will see keep yawning
everyone else it's getting like blurry
it doesn't know what it's doing call
sometime oh oh oh yeah did it work
that's where I wanna be
like duck
instead
this is her
just
are you talk
I could say
