it has this little button here and when
you push it it activates the metal
grille basically zaps them got it good
morning guys
Oliver's here eatin his breakfast and if
you're wondering why he's got salt it's
because he needed lots of sodium on his
bananas this morning yeah I caught him
he can't he didn't actually know how to
twist the shaker but he's like
pretending this wrist it was so cute we
got our couches clean today because they
were just looking a little bit dingy and
so we found someone super affordable and
kind of a family friend I guess I don't
know and he cleaned my couches and I
think they look really good and but they
are still drying so I can't I won't
really know how they look but they look
really really good they look really
white and pretty so I'm really really
excited about that because when you have
white couches you got it praise the get
the clink
brands in here working what are you
doing hey just messing things up why are
you opening that box Oh cuz you messed
up one of this yeah I accidentally
ordered two boxes cuz I didn't know they
came in two but it's a good thing
because I put that in the wrong place
instructions are not very clear not
reflect on my man it is stupid cheap so
anyways he put this one together and I
really like the way it is it's different
than our other ones
um I think it'll be nicer because all I
don't I don't think all I can really
climb these as easily but I guess I
shouldn't say that cuz you probably can
and I like them because they're counter
stools and they're comfy and they're
pretty but they're pretty good they're
kind of wobbly actually so I'm not sure
how long the last but they were pretty
cheap always helping just like your
other Jill except a lot more powerful
not cool he's actually just be sitting
over there huh don't touch just
observing me yeah and there you have it
guys I finished them Holly what are you
doing are you playing on the couch quick
where's ollie
there is where's ollie where's all he's
like there is all right after watching
Jared slog this morning I feel very
inspired and so I'm gonna take all day
forward ride on the scooter you ready oh
he's ready step Oh perfect
what do you think golly whoa yes Ben
let's go around the house big smile Oh
what if I told you I swing are you dizzy
now oh I'm dizzy okay you want to go on
you love it guys here we go
you ready yeah the past mom okay cool
okay so it is July 3rd
which means it's the day before fourth
of July or Independence Day and on
because fourth of July lands on a Sun or
a Saturday July 3rd actually gets to be
kind of a holiday as well just want to
observe it on a day where people feel
like have the day off I guess I don't
know
going to do a little family get-together
today and then we'll do what we usually
do go see fireworks and stuff tomorrow
we're gonna make some ice cream and I'm
still going to make Katie on the flip
side recipe that she just put on YouTube
and I really want to try it
so I'm gonna buy some ingredients for
that I've got all my ingredients to make
ice cream and I've got the ingredients
for Katie's peanut butter dip which I'm
really excited about I'll probably make
that actually tomorrow but yeah I'm
really excited to start making ice cream
in the family's coming over I've got
potatoes this isn't for ice cream just
for you know sitting here thinking about
how I still have this cake up here and
we bought this obviously as a prop
basically for our photo shoot and it's
actually like quite a beautiful cake and
we did decorate it a little bit with the
blue and the sprinkles and the chocolate
and stuff but no one wants to eat it and
I I don't even know
all he doesn't eat vanilla and Bryan
doesn't want to eat the calories and I
mean truth is karma did take a little
lick of the side so I've just kind of
left it on my counter like it's kind of
pretty but I should probably throw it
away because it's probably gonna start
attracting ants and stuff well cheese
and crackers I just cleaned this pool I
just cleaned this pool and other stuff
in it again
got trees it's the truth
they're our own worst enemy you drop
these little like feathery type things
into the pool and it's super obnoxious I
just cleaned the entire pool just get in
this space ready for the damn fam to
come over we're gonna hang out the pool
this is gonna make some treats and karma
wants to play in the pool you want to
get the pool you can get the pool ooh
let's see how it feels
who feels really good so the first
recipe that I'm starting with is just a
basic vanilla ice cream recipe and I got
it from Laura Vitale I had to crack 14
egg yolks so this is actually an egg
yolk and sugar mixture looks yummy right
mmm egg yolks yes I got that going and
then I've got tons of cream and milk I
got to heat this up number one thing is
making sure to like not make scrambled
eggs because egg yolk can create a
scrambled egg mixture
all right there's my vanilla mixture and
it's got a chill basically all day if
not overnight now I'm making Byron
Talbots s'mores ice cream so I'm
actually getting like the cream and
sugar together right now and then I have
to mix in all these graham crackers and
then you after like it's all done you
get like the chocolate chips and
marshmallows and you make like uh
s'mores ice cream I'm playing splatoon
young friends playing video games it's
actually really fun yeah it does look
fun everywhere and then you can turn to
squid and like swim in your own ink yeah
it's cool battle it out like you can
color the entire place in your colors
yeah that's cool and this is all still
drying yeah see you forever
yeah well guys its execution time
look what I got it's called the
executioner and actually clintus
recommended this to me because there's
flies out here it has this little button
here and when you push it it activates
the metal grille basically zaps them but
fly under it they're getting smarter
this is just making them more smart
hahaha got it this thing is pretty cool
I'm gonna use it a lot this summer but
now we got the whole damn family r
swimming whoo babe is the hummingbird
still there really oh I see her
that's kind of her fault for putting it
there only one in there he's the nasty
chill it in the pool close your eyes
Holly
what
my dad
oh she said don't blog it oh yeah we're
vloggers we're vlogging this come on
come on
okay I did oh yeah half the battle yeah
it's freaking NASA ha ha just lean
forward a little just think about what
you want to do it that's only if you
want to go really fast right it's easier
to go fast if you bet Denise yeah woo
she's got it
grilled up some steaks and we got garlic
mashed potatoes and look at that corn on
the kiddy cob we're grabbing dinner and
I think we're gonna eat outside cuz it's
such a nice stable
don't mind me to see my corn right he
loves it
he's always loved corn it's so weird
just up a sheriff way to eatin corn in
the nice backyard could life get any
better buddy yeah buddy
nom alright update on the ice cream
making we have the s'mores ice cream in
here now and then when it's done I'm
gonna mix in shredded chocolate that I
just shredded doesn't that look good
I have marshmallows that will mix in and
then we'll have to put it in the freezer
to get a little bit hard there it is
graham cracker ice cream ooh it's good
though it's got a really good graham
cracker flavor babe well that's gonna be
really yummy with chocolate and
marshmallow alright we've moved on to
the vanilla ice cream which has
chocolate chips in it as you can tell
and I made a lot more of the vanilla
than I did with the s'mores and then I
also made eggless cookie dough and
putting it in the freezer to kind of get
a little bit hard so that we can mix it
in ourselves we just ate a bunch of ice
cream and we got this much left
I want to freeze yeah yeah but now we
can put it in the school container with
a lid and put it in our fridge are you
saying 9 8 - karma say nine nine doggie
get my hug oh say night-night daddy
doing everything to procrastinate can we
hug mm I love you
kind of kiss he's just really tired
though all right you guys that's all for
today's vlog Ollie is headed up to bed
and I'm gonna start editing let me know
what you guys thought of that new intro
slot for the group of all of us jumping
in the pool thought it was super
appropriate for summer so we may be
using that one for most of the summer
which is pretty exciting but anyway I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog if
you did click that thumbs up button
thank you guys again for 500,000
subscribers half a million Wow
that's crazy thanks guys we see tomorrow
by doing or how did it happen and I am
I don't know you guys I honestly don't
know I can't I can again I don't have an
answer for them you know it's like
people do it and some some of these
would take off and something without me
you know and I think the biggest thing
is like just staying true to yourself
