good morning I you want a birdie this
kid woke up talking about bunnies
birdies fishies he just got one play
with the animal
why don't go get the birdies I got you
the other day they're in your toy box
go get the little birdies oh yeah
anyways good morning Ollie has been
eating breakfast for the past two hours
he he's like a very slow breakfast eater
go find them
throw your toy box we just got off a
FaceTime call with my mom because he
wanted to see the animals but when we
were on there he saw his you know a
little picture in the FaceTime and he
was like obsessed with it so now I
really want to see what he would think
when we put the photo booth on oh look
at these birdies do you see the birdies
on our head oh I'm not weird you see the
Bradys even that guilt what about this
what do you think of that
it's called blockhead think of that Ali
what's wrong with a league look whoa
dizzy mama your mama your mama is that
all me oh you see mama and Mama look at
mama oh off
mm-hmm whoa whoa whoa
good morrow to you
fabulous internet people how's it going
I'm just in my office getting some work
done and I actually just got a package
we got another canon g7x if you guys
don't know I'm on a canon g7x we have
two of them but we're pretty rough on
our cameras they get tossed in the dirt
in the sand this one's fault one of
these has fallen at least like four feet
on two tile so they're both kind of
going in and out oh I had to make sure
to get another one because this is a
pretty fun month for us and I want to
make sure we have a nice camera to
capture it all on so if you guys don't
know a lot of people ask the camera that
we use for vlogging we use the canon g7x
it's an amazing camera if you look
around online you're bound to find a
deal somewhere because it is a pretty
hefty camera but um while I was doing
work I was on social media of course and
I found out that its world emoji day
that's awesome
all right you guys in honor of world
emoji day we see did you know what world
emoji day I have heard it how amazing is
that it's very amazing
I know give you the symbol emojis are
awesome I have some emoji pillows and I
think they really express who we are as
individuals like our personality I'm
going to give me ollie the look at this
the poop emoji can you I'm gonna give
you the poop emoji because you love to
poop all the time we have to clean it up
I'm gonna get Missy the hearts in the
eyes emoji because she's in love with me
and me is like the laughing emoji her
Ollie can you go like this like this
hold it on your foot this is who we are
hold it pick it up three two one put it
up on your face good job buddy
three two one all he wants to look in
the street while he does it
William oh gee family
eh yeah you guys should leave in the
comments below what emoji describes you
perfectly are you - poop emoji he poops
a lot he doesn't belong and I laugh a
lot when I edit the vlogs and I'm
laughing I'm like why do you laugh so
much your laugh is so annoying that's
the problem with being a blogger you
like could take every little thing yes
yes we should make our emojis we should
kiss up emojis okay okay ready
my emojis lot my favourite emoji is the
one was like the kid see with the heart
oh they have that one I should get that
one I like you guys should like this
video if you liked it I did not really
do my hair today because I don't want to
can I be honest I love when your hair is
in a ponytail like that I know you do I
think it is like the it's it makes you
at it I love it funny I woke up
expecting biscuits and gravy and I came
downstairs and there were no biscuits
and gravy
I thought Brian was gonna make them
there was a miscommunication somewhere
in there and my pregnant self wanted to
cry yeah I'm just kind of issue right
now she's so pregnant yeah and he's like
don't worry I'll just take you somewhere
good nice for lunch I was like okay hey
my pregnancy you only give me for an
hour all he loves coloring
he's not very good at no Missy helped
oli fill out the Ranger Scout motto yes
he picked all of them so perfect all the
words he had to pick an object he picked
crayons okay he had to pick qualities so
he was like smiling so I chose Happy
Hooker talking a lot and then you tinia
nails I thought yeah you know so what is
the motto the motto is on my crayon I
will do my best to be happy
talkative and creative and to always
help jack oh he chose Jackson Jackson
has a name that's a good Ranger motto
yeah I literally cannot control my child
right now Holly get up here now oh yes
here you see up yeah he's laying on the
ground illegally now living in trouble
grab your crayon and bring it up here
together is he taking a nap Jackson
laying his head on the ground such a
silly boy why do you do things like that
hey guys look who's back it's hashtag if
you guys didn't know Missy's mom
actually took hashtag while we were on
our trip the last trip we went on he
honestly just like left in there for a
while because we could forgot it's
actually really hard to transfer a fish
from house to house but today we got him
and we went out and picked up this
really cool new tank for him so he
actually has a little light and it's
self-cleaning so now we don't have to
clean the tank as much cuz it does it on
its own which is nice what do you think
hashtag do you like it you like your new
tank pretty cool oh ooh
he was like fairness gills well Ollie
takes a nap I am running around doing
some quick little errands
I just left Target I had to get him some
more sippy cups because apparently I
constantly am losing sippy cups and now
I'm headed into those because I'm
getting something that probably Brian
should shop for but
I'm just gonna do it because I'm out and
about over 45 minutes started out with
four cars five six seven eight this area
this is a group of cars who you're
talking about this is crazy you guys
there are cars like exploding on the
freeway near our house there's a huge
fire 500 acres burnings on Interstate 15
wow this helicopters about to drop a ton
of water on a car carrier right now
there we go
it's got multiple cars on fire carrier
as well as Wow so I am looking for a
doorknob
our doorknob is impossible to open from
the outside it's actually quite
hilarious but you never know if the door
is locked or not and you have to
actually kick it to open it's like kind
of hilarious and kind of ridiculous so
I'm looking for doorknobs all right I
think I found what I was looking for now
it is time to head home but before I had
this quick story ran into target a
little while ago I parked my car just
how a normal person is supposed to park
their car in between the lines and when
I came out someone had parked so close
to my car um a normal person would not
be able to get in and I'm a regular day
on a rig if I was a regular person this
would frustrate me but you know I would
just climb in from the other side and
get into my seat but I am pregnant so I
was like that is not going to be fun
it's not going to be comfortable say I
actually was able to squeeze in from
this side but it was not comfortable and
it did kind of hurt look who's finally
awake oh my goodness you slept for like
two and a half hours ollie oh you want
to see the fishy come here
laughs yes he has rocks in there huh say
hi fishy he loves the fishy I love it we
could pop that booty he's just standing
on the chair looking at the fishy
that is hot yes all he's looking at the
TV and he looks at the fire he goes hot
it's a fire can you say fire so Missy
was telling you about our lock which
very much sucks
you really have to kick it to open the
door every single time it's ridiculous
all right here it is you have to push
this button and then your knee works
really good too so see like trying to
open it not working then you go kick did
it come in because we let them in
obviously and then they'll have to run
out to their car mezzanine when they
come back they think that we lost yeah
they're like why'd you lock it here is
it one of the auto locking doors yeah so
we got this hopefully it fits I'm gonna
replace it so we don't the deal with
this the actual issue to tell the door I
think it's the law that is proving to be
quite difficult but all he's helping me
with his drill there you go make it nice
and tight that's so cute
yes it's drill he's like mimicking could
you figure it out drill it clear you put
that there okay and then what and then
you drill it okay and that's oh that
didn't work either
I'm so glad I have you to help buddy I
got the new doorknob installed let's see
how it works
see if I have to kick it like buttah
just ate dinner and now we are all
piling
to the top this is over Wow
dude you're doing so good these are
throw so I'm kind of geeking out I have
never done this before you guys don't
know we bought this at UE mega boom
speaker cool thing about it is it's
waterproof I got this for the beach I'm
gonna play some music and then throw it
in the hot tub alright music complaint
this is my song come out on iTunes if
you have it um on the UE mega boom
waterproof speaker how cool is that
alright are you ready is that cool hi
hey dear I'm going night-night
mmm I don't want to say that are we
reading frozen oh yeah you just read to
that whole book all by yourself that's
Olaf yeah you said all kinds of nice
things huh he likes warm hugs he get
mommy a warm hug okay here's a lot for
warm hug he really is starting to just
turn into a very sweet boy just that he
like now likes to just come up to us and
give us a kiss or a hug without us
asking ya can kind of see his
personality growing and stuff I hope you
guys enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up if you did we love seeing you guys as
thumbs up and seeing you guys liking our
videos and watching make sure you
subscribe if you have it and we will see
you guys tomorrow
say bye come here see buddy
and this one's for ya if t is actually
the problem necessity so we are talking
about maybe getting like a little canopy
like match thing for his room getting
them so that wouldn't friends come over
they really make
