the car is packed and guess where we're
going going to the beach
this is like the first trip we've made
to our beach all summer all year
possibly even last summer I would hope
we went last summer excited we kind of
packed for an all-day things so I'm
hoping we can stay till like maybe
sunset that might be pushing it though
guys stop for s'mores yeah always back
here I just gave him a little done to
play with
all right so yeah I made the mistake of
handing that to them five minutes after
we started the ride so it's going to be
a long day they're being on a Florida
pshh
oh yeah are we going to enjoy ah it's
going to be very different
the sand is different is not like white
it's like gray and brown and the water
is freezing I really it's gonna be
freezing but it's not going to be warm
like for 30 minutes into our drive this
is so happy
what it told you we have arrived at the
beach and we are now all packing down
it's quite hilarious yeah we about a
week yeah she's perfect
when you just when you come as a family
you just come prepared for every little
situation and I told you about the food
breakdowns that are only my talked about
I even told you about the sacred grounds
where I go when I need to shout there is
more
the words can see your the roof when I
met from raining know that qhorin every
bit of pain so I wanted to say that you
got all set up here with our cool little
canopy which I likes as we are I'm gonna
walk down to the beach of the sky seats
with ollie down here oh there he is
this is the most I can use the water is
free no it's horrible 10g ice hole all
he could never swim in this their
species in here yeah oh whoa yeah home
and go pure birch as you always have my
cuz I owe you when the world's pitch
black you and I will stay and wine and
then I told you about the four
breakdowns that are only might talk
about I even told you about the sacred
ground now this thing is dope I want to
go out mash know it cool we got big one
Missy I want one of these
no the corn every bit of pain so I want
we may have made a breakthrough
you see me crash over
all aboard
you
where the force
while he's actually playing in the on
the beach you guys this is amazing we've
definitely made a breakthrough
ah
No
you've seen the equation burner fall
overboard and you'll be seeing the world
buddy
you'll see me one
sugar
I swear you will see me rise so we have
all relocated because Ali's been so good
with the pan wasn't listed you just walk
around if you've had an official beach
boy is we bought something that you can
use to blow up water balloons and throw
em at each other but he just like
playing within squirting us and Jimmy
and Brian are out there right now
they're out there trying to Fuji for
Jimmy and I are coming out into the
water we're gonna boogie board I got the
boogie board the water is so cold you
guys really hard to get used to I'm
going to be honest I haven't in a long
time
you
Oh
you got me feeling you got me feeling
alright whenever I'm about you
now
Garcon night sighs we got hittin it up
the other one really isn't actually that
bad it's really refreshing but so pretty
cold
the problem okay sure
Oh
Oh swimming to the bottom mother boogie
boardin I saw him cuts like one or two
ways we'll see how he did
so
dead-house fun did you test anyway yeah
cut a bunch don't mind me when I was 12
alright just not the beach and we did
pretty dang good
six o'clock yeah geez we were there for
seven hours yeah we were there quite a
while I had so much fun that was like a
really fun day and I loved that all I
loved it we totally got past the san i
dont have tried everything guys and i
think that honestly just came down to
just keep taking him and he finally just
kind of was like fine yeah i taking me
i'll do it
yeah and i think also like it's good to
encourage our kids to get past their
fears because that is an irrational fear
and it's like you have to find the fun
be able to find the line between
encouraging him and not traumatizing him
and so as his parent like we always were
trying to be very careful not
traumatising but also encouraging to
like it you got to do this it's fine
it's not that scary and so i think we
finally did it see
Daria's he is out he'll probably sleep a
good hour or so on our way home so
that'll be nice and yeah that was such a
fun day so proud of my ollie from the
car to this crib you guys this kid was
pooped oli is sleeping good for the
night and I'm gonna go ahead and call it
a day but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and really exciting news
I'm actually putting out a new cover on
my channel today so if you go in the
description there's probably going to be
a link to my channel and if it's not up
subscribe because it'll be up or if it's
up I'll have the link down below in the
description too so I'm going to put it
up a little bit later after the vlog but
I covered one of my favorite songs with
Maddie faith it's called little talks
and it's originally by of Monsters and
Men and I'm really happy with how it
turned out so I hope you guys like it
so go check out that cover and be sure
to show it some love if you enjoyed it
but yeah I'm gonna end today's vlog we
had a really fun day at the beach really
awesome seeing all your running around
and playing the standard for the first
time shell Darwish cool if you guys
enjoyed this blog you can give it a
thumbs up by clicking that button down
below and leave a happy friend coming as
well thank you guys for watching and
we'll see ya manana
falling in here put your head this is
hot
for one
I think it was yeah
