I can make me show me a new toy Oh aah
ow ow ow
okay so better love you
I found a cardboard tube this morning
and I said you know what I'm gonna be a
good dad I'm gonna give this to my son
he's gonna play with it
go play hey hey hey go fight mommy go
find mommy okay go ahead oh no oh no no
no
sibling rivalry has already begun he's
really giving belly like yes that's
where I'm gonna hit you get a lard alley
guess what today is
auntie's birthday eighteen years old my
gosh her sister's 18 she's officially an
adult oh my gosh are you gonna buy her a
pack of smokes how about a lottery
ticket should we buy a lottery ticket
do you remember what you did when you
were 18 what'd you do me and you you
picked me up and we got a lottery ticket
you bought me I don't know yet
oh yeah we bought the big teddy bear I
don't know yet and then we went up to
the house where he's in Idaho that was
on your 18th birthday huh did you wait
anything on that lottery ticket
I don't think so it's just so crazy 18
Missy she's an adult like we have to
take her seriously when she talks now
like hey I want to go somewhere I'd be
like but oh yes they know she can get it
cassie is 18 years old so be sure to
wish her a happy birthday in the
comments below like oh are you should be
drinking that is that old this is new
are you sure
I never know
and we were with my aunt we're actually
looking at a few houses around here and
getting excited and I don't know face no
but I am now 24 weeks in one day and
yesterday I saw my book day and I was
feeling so good I was like I'm 24 weeks
and I feel great and I I feel like I
need to expand into this and I was
really great today is like a whole new
world for me hey I like all of a sudden
like I can't breathe I have my belly
hurts
everything's aching and times like I
hate to like ever even talk about it
really on the blog because I people to
know that I feel like think I'm being
like complaining or something but I
think when you're pregnant you go
through like ups and downs especially
with your hormones and emotions and I
don't always show them because I don't
want people to think that like I'm in
like emotional person so I'm not but
yeah when you're pregnant sometimes
you're just like oh I think if you are
pregnant like and you're like hanging
out with people you're not gonna like
tell them like you're feeling all the
time but this is like it's a vlog it's
different you're telling your feelings
and your actions just as you would if
you would write them down it into that
in a diary yeah definitely and I wish I
could express more sometimes because but
it's hard because I feel like people
analyze what I'm saying and trying to
like make it seem like I'm being such a
naked executed prayers I think you
should just complain more but right now
I'm miserable and I've got a smile on my
face don't you like your belly has
gotten so much
so hard a little bit uncomfortable and a
little unhappy but I'm happy because I'm
great I got a baby they don't hate me
for getting your trick I don't hate you
for getting trained it was a team effort
right oh he's down to the count I was
trying to keep him awake until he made
it home so it's not gonna happen do you
see how he's sleeping it is arm or his
leg across the other leg he says a
little man all right David it's like how
old men sleep okay no like I said it is
my sister's birthday today and look I'm
in the Disney Store with my mom's ever
18 year old perfect that's exactly I
from the Disney made my mom decided
we're going in that house and we're
gonna get her past the Disneyland which
might seem silly
she's 18 but you know it um this is
amazing I would go every day if I could
look at this there's a woody out flexure
and bullseye
you're funny bullseye I'm just like yeah
good really really want to get full
night all these dark filling up as yes
he loves Jesse because you can say Jesse
zanuck Jesse
and he can't say bullseye but he really
likes a fight because it's kinda like a
dog
so anything that's an animal oh my gosh
anything to have a size these are pretty
tiny 18 to 24 yeah that was only fended
okay and then he can ride bulls eyes
right there you go well well Missy is
out running errands and all he is asleep
I have been playing video games I picked
up a Lego Jurassic world cuz I freakin
love Lego and I love Jurassic world and
so I was pretty excited and I've been
playing it just a little bit cool thing
that I didn't know about this game you
play the prologue in the game which is
basically the very beginning of the
first movie Jurassic Park and then it
gives you the option to go straight into
Jurassic world or into Jurassic Park so
I'm going into the Jurassic Park area
kind of convenient because I did just
watch Jurassic Park the other day on our
Apple TV pretty cool game so far
hi Carla he was popped right up here hi
boy hi karma oh oh you good yeah oh you
put your tongue right in my mouth you
guys I think I found always birthday
theme for a second birthday look at this
Toy Story everything they even have a
Buzz Lightyear like pinata and he's like
in a spaceship it's so cool I really
think I'm gonna do it hopefully he's
still ended Toy Story though in a month
his birthday's in a month he turns two
in one month crazy
you picked a theme for Cassie and I
think she'll like it because it's got
all her favorite colors like they're
just kind of like neon II not too girly
there they're nice you like them I love
them I think they're gonna be fun
I think I got some of the themed stuff
so we're going to decorate stuff for her
and then we're doing like dinner okay
nothing like too crazy but you know
she's actually working all day today
which sucks like it's a birthday and so
she's gonna come home and hopefully
she'll be kind of surprised that we did
something special okay I got you I got
you come on
I got you I got you I got you
I can you go tickle tickle tickle Karma
come and say it say it good boy I like
to climb cuz they just throw that Dave
over me drop the ball drop it drop it
all right Ali throw the ball for karma
good job you guys are so cute together
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka I walked
in the door and then woody woody I just
have a bag no okay was that that
bullseye is that cool it's cool and look
what else I got one more thing oMG we
outfit you like it that's so cute photo
bull's eye even has an D on his feet
like this I'm so funny
good fine too babe I know there's so
much I'm gonna get him everything you
got bullseye
say hi bullseye we're headed over to my
mom and dad's and we are gonna be
celebrating Cassie's birthday
Cassie's walking in the door and well
what about a surprise okay
there you go all right Cassie report for
birthday duty yep you got the report for
birthday Duty here bringing a balloon it
was floating away grab it and you need
the sash there we go you have the
glasses yes yes yes and then the beads
oh don't forget the bean and then the
horn
the entry yeah
annual passport to where from all of us
Hey
we are back home and we have brought the
party to our house we all just got done
doing a bit of night swimming and Missy
is quite peeved because Cassie got out
of the pool purrs and Missy's like make
cookies and so Cassie you know just
being a good sister put 20 million
cookies in the oven not how you make
that's a lot of cookies they have to be
distributed properly
nah I am never making cookies for you
again I'm sorry Missy Becky's beggars
can't be choosers
I'm sure they'll be amazing huh they're
gonna taste amazing we're all gonna be
full cuz we all got to eat like 100
cookies yeah like how many people over
here
wicked take yeah
Missy's pretty uh tough about her cookie
I'm sneaking ahead but anyway I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog we had a great
day celebrating Cassie she's 18 she's an
adult don't listen to her now are you do
you feel like an adult Cassie really
you gotta get a car and a house credit
card like a license yeah okay debit card
you have a debit card and a license and
a job and you're making money and your
junior saying and and that's about it
she's doing good and she bought I J how
much did you win like seven bucks $11
you gotta fight missing a new bag of
cookies G okay but anyway I hope you
guys enjoy today's vlog if you did click
that thumbs up button and if you guys
have not subscribed to my personal
channel yet I'm really close to a
hundred thousand so please go subscribe
link down below in the description
thank you for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
I was like me hated me like that - not
July uh you know you decide Pig and
Cheer babe take a chill son honey who
never gave Ramona
update okay
