Oh stead
good morning guys all he's down for his
nap
oli oh I thought it was festively he's
still kind of awake but he's doing
really good in his new bed although of
course it's not a new bed but he seems
to love it he crawls right in it's so
nice but I'm actually kind of mad at him
right now today was actually going to be
his last swim class and the only reason
was because he kind of seems to have
some sort of negative connotation with
the school now I'm super pumped about it
because we love going to swim school and
I know he's just he's going through a
phase I don't know and so his teacher
actually suggested maybe taking a break
I was like all right well we'll do this
last class and then I might actually do
a different type of twin but just not at
the same place but for his last class he
put up a huge stink and said no way I'm
not doing it I didn't even get his
bathing suit on I was like all right
this isn't gonna work I just didn't want
to traumatize him and be like no get in
the water you're gonna swim anyways so
we didn't even get to do his last swim
class I'm super super bummed he's down
for his nap now and I'm gonna go run
some errands Brian's working look at
he's working on our littles yeah yeah I
think I'm up for a little bit yeah
there's so many different intros I would
let me know if you guys are enjoying
them there they're so cute oh my baby
said she's gonna finish by the end of
the month really ever sorry I'm punished
more - yeah the new one for karma was on
this one so if you didn't see it go
check it but it's so cute you like
breaks the camera is so neat I just
think that's super creative and they
totally represent like a part of our
personalities and I think it's pretty
cool this camera just gave me a run for
my money
I decided before I left the house I was
gonna fill my bump date because I was I
totally missed my 22 week bump date
because we were traveling and I didn't
need to I totally was planning on doing
it and then I like forgot and then we
were
I was like maybe off in an hour maybe
I'll film in Florida so anyways I sat
down I was like oh I totally felt like
bump date really quickly right now and
then I just ran into like a million
issues and my memory card wasn't working
and Brian's on the phone he's in a
meeting right now so he couldn't really
help me and I was like what am I gonna
do and so I was like super out of breath
like the whole video cuz I was like
running up and down stairs trying to fix
my camera and I finally found it so
hopefully it's up right now if it is go
check it up on my channel I talk all
about my field echo with this baby and
his name I talk about his name maybe I
tell you the name so go check it out if
you want an update on what his name is
good morning ollie how'd you sleep yeah
you got Buzz and Woody and you slept
very good didn't you
this kid slept for two and a half hours
you guys you were tired weren't you huh
is that your blankie yeah I thought you
would've woken a boy soon especially
because it's like past lunchtime he's
probably hungry are you hungry okay see
your water how much of it did you drink
oh not a whole lot do you want to maybe
get up are you so just gosh dang comfy
in your new blanket and pillow we really
got to get him a bed I think he's really
really comfortable in this because he's
got a like blanket and pillow stretch
your legs you got a stretch
Oh stretch what is so weird you being so
weird ollie
Oh Kimmy do you not want to get up you
don't want to get up are you just so
dang comfy what
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you good
morning my little prince Ollie
consolidation but you should watch that
we should watch Aladdin all I cannot
stop talking about the fishies and I
think he was referring to the fish he
swam with in the pool yesterday so I had
to put on Finding Nemo
you're watching fishies huh and also he
can't really see it from here so I told
him he eats his food I'll put on fishies
for him so you got to eat cake yeah
fishies fishies are cool and I need a
little snack so I'm gonna be making
myself a little sandwich
I found this chipotle seasoned chicken
breast just made myself a little
sandwich just a little guy it's like a
little baby unicorn YUM there's not also
I found these yesterday it's a by
glacier route water it's like a
sparkling fruit water we found these at
Target when we made a target run and
these are really good I drink the
vitamin water
zero Sweden with Truvia which is a much
better sweetener than sugar and there's
zero calorie and these are also zero
calorie all right I am now headed to my
hair appointment I'm getting some done I
don't know what so it'll be a surprise
for both me and you so cue the next clip
of whatever my hair looks like and
here's my new hair um so I don't know
face Intel really but I put more color
in it I don't I would say I got rid of
the blonde but I just kind of wanted to
add some more color so it looked like
healthier and brighter I don't know I
really love it though I think it was
really really good
and so grabby I'm always happy when I
leave because she does such a good job
doing my hair I'm like why can't you do
Hayley bit every day but I'm just too
lazy I guess so but I really like it I
like that i did more color to it but I
still have blonde like around the face
and stuff so yeah successful hair trip
now I'm headed home to see my boys ready
noodle time they are odd they are guess
that's how you do it
dozen young noodles this is like my
pregnancy like obsession right now it's
just Parmesan noodles that's so bad I
eat it everything I like your hair babe
thank you I love it yeah he wants much
game we're in the middle of watching
tonight month the pup update okay huh
sorry I want to interrupt anymore okay
hmm wait you're not
that's where he gets it from men oh noes
oh noes what happened oh they have a
fire truck event oh it's just a little
accident Oh barely that's like a fender
bender was he crying
hey guys I'm with Jeffrey now and we've
actually been working all day that's the
first time I've logged when working all
day to set up our new filming room which
I don't think I've told you about so
Jeffrey has a room in his house that
he's been using sort of as a studio and
so today we got lots of stuff to like
decorate it with we got some equipment
to use and we're basically going to be
filming in there and recording music and
it's gonna be a good time yeah yeah so
we just left Guitar Center we got a
bunch of cool like equipment to use for
the live performances because I am going
to start doing more covers on my channel
and so it's Jeffrey - so if he hasn't
subscribed - Jeffrey go check him out I
think he's got like one video up he did
a really good Taylor Swift cover
actually though so go check out that
cover and then yeah we're both just
gonna be trying to turn out content and
music and have fun with it and just make
it make it set up into a room where it's
easy to do hey did you have so much fun
today yeah we didn't vlog any of it but
our cousin's just came over live and
Peyton and Jeffrey Natalya and all them
and all you just had so much fun playing
in here and it was so cute I love
watching him play with Peyton and live
because they're like kind of the same
age just cute cuz they're at the same
stage where they kind of don't know how
to share yet but they have reactions so
if like all I take something from Peyton
Payne's like ah but karma is out here
right now and he wanted to go swimming
what are you doing karma are you just
swimming it just woman out here
tell me how you night swim karma has
been enjoying this pool like all day
he's been loving being in the water and
I came out here to get him in cuz he was
all dry and then he jumps back in the
pool and stuff like Oh karma get in here
okay come in now come this way hey come
on Karla what you doing
all I just got out of the bath and this
is a new favorite thing to do ready hey
what are you what are you doing skinny
don't grab the camera boxing we got some
new mics to do some live sessions yeah
pretty excited about it
I wanted to get the ones that look all
cool and like classy but Jeffrey said
they're not as good mm-hmm that's cool
it is nice it's a little of goods nice
it's heaven right there it's gonna sound
good it's gonna sound good
ja ja Jeffrey I transformed this room
into a spot where we could record covers
and do vlogs however we want to do it
from any angle it'll look cool so this
is the before picture pretty boring not
a whole lot going on and this is the
after so we still have some blank space
up there but we got these cool wood
panels we're gonna try and arrange up
there somehow just to fill that wall or
something but this is the space and
actually Jeffrey now that I look at it
you see that the the deer bust it puts
that shadow on the wall right there
that looks so cool that is so cool
I love how this turned out and honestly
I just walked in target and I was like
this is everything we need so I
literally got everything from Target
table some succulents this is like this
is like a little mini Cajon which is
pretty cool I think it looks cool I
think it's going for like a 1970s
bachelor pad theme this is would be the
bachelor pad it yes green I never got
you know we never were able to get
bachelor pads so this is gonna be like
our space I'm pretty excited to see and
hear all the cool things that we're
going to make this
area it's gonna be pretty cool look what
I came home to Missy playing video games
what are you playing love Pikmin you've
been playing this game for a long time I
restarted in playing again oh really
I like redid it and I beat the crap out
of that I didn't really uh-huh that's
cool
hi Karma would you do it you owe me
Tasha ball he literally crawled into the
play area and found his ball under a
bunch of toys you were on the hunt on
the hunt I'm gonna go to the end today's
vlog because it's late and I have to
edit and all that jazz hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog if you did give it
a thumbs up give a thumbs up if you now
have to pee you're welcome you're
welcome
dopey you guys thanks guys for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye
come say bye super friend what good boy
you're so cute when you play video games
I remember of the like fire hands helped
hide I was really getting by but your
eyes lie you decided to take a chance
take a chance on me who knew who knew
yeah
