good morning guys today's vlog is
brought to you by Target literally I had
to make a target run this morning just
for a couple of quick essentials I got
some goodies for today we are going to
be grilling up some hamburgers and hot
dogs so I got some Market pantry cheese
some Hebrew national beef franks some
hamburgers hot dog buns hamburger buns
simply lemonade chips and also while I
was at Target I found Ben and Jerry's
did you guys know that Target actually
has exclusive Ben and Jerry's flavors I
think that's amazing so the ones that I
picked up that are exclusive to target
are Blonde Ambition buttery brown sugar
ice cream with blonde brownies and
butterscotch toffee flakes YUM and also
this one called brewed to matter coffee
ice cream with fudge chunks and brownie
batter swirl yes please
you guys know we love shopping at Target
for all the essentials quick trips big
grocery trips you name it were there
which is why when Missy wanted to redo
our bathrooms in the house she actually
went to Target so I want to show you
guys this funny video we filmed all
about redoing the bathrooms in our house
check it out
I think it all started one day when I
walked into our master bathroom I
suddenly realized how boring unorganized
and uncool all my bathrooms were have my
towels always been this old and dingy
and why are there so many different
colors and that's when I knew it was
time to make a target run target is by
far our favorite place to shop and I
knew they had the stylish essentials we
needed to redo our bathrooms I went with
all things wood and even found some
matching baskets that I knew would come
in handy then I found the softest towels
I've ever felt in my life and they were
on sale and so is this this and these
now all three of our bathrooms matched
and the clutter is organized and out of
sight
target staff essentials helped turn my
boring space into a refreshing look for
summer even my feet are comfy now now I
just need to figure out what to do with
all these old towels
I'll think of something
Ollie is that his swim lesson right now
and he's doing so good
it's really cool I think to watch him
daddy oh he's got a kick board today hey
baby just got all kinds of silly
pounding you taking off on it already
oh you better kick okay thank you get
yourself bad you got a kid oh that's a
cool little kick board you're gonna
trust yourself trust you you got it kick
kick out of it Holloway it's all you
look at that yeah just oh I feel like
though with these classes at home it's a
lot more personal and he's progressing
so much faster where I feel like I
actually see him like swim on his own
you know
it's nuts
nice
nice job take it back
all he did so good pursue in did you
kick kick kick
yeah and you played you did really good
and now it's time for a nap and he
always takes the best naps after he
sweated so we're gonna nap mommy's gonna
do our hump day maybe I'll take a nap
you want to read a book first all right
we'll read a book and then we'll take a
nap kay call he's all tucked in kee
close your eyes Oh golden taillights out
the lights hang on good sometimes nap
time it goes so awesome he lays right
down he closes his eyes and he goes to
sleep and it's really great sometimes
it's not like that but when it is it's
just like it's so it's so refreshing cuz
um I don't know and I think the
difference is when he's really tired I
know he was ready for a nap and
sometimes he's like um I don't want to
take a nap I'm not tired so I'm not
doing this and so that's when we have a
little bit harder time but he did good
so hey so we have add any hot water in
our house for things like two or three
days and I'm pretty suspicious
that our pilot light is out for a water
heater and I've never changed that or
like real it'ld or whatever you do to
private fluffy so that's my job for
today you have a water heater here and I
am watching a YouTube video about how to
do it and check to see if it is out I'll
set the camera there in case I explode
first I'm going to check actually out
I'm going to use this American flag from
the fourth of July to move the
insulation and I see that no it's not
out you guys now it could be a couple
things the water heater could be going
out or this could have been the
temperature gage could have been on the
wrong thing I did just notice it on very
very low and I know I've seen Olly over
here playing with this of course we
pulled them away to make sure that he
doesn't but I don't know if this was
just changed recently because we thought
it was out or what so I'm gonna put it
on hot and then just come back and see
if we get hot water what do you do in
all the
me there's a lot of toys going off right
now can you show me buzz oh there he is
is like going crazy my belly feel you
feel ooh did you feel that one
oh all he's awake from his nap and we
are now making lunch just a couple of
sandwiches and chips sure I'm pretty
much starving after all that hard work
on the water heater babe Oh oh my gosh
I'm just so really worked up an appetite
taking that cover on and off this is
making Ally a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich looks good I eat peanut butter
and jelly mm-hmm he probably won't eat
one bite of it he's a turd Missy her
son's in the dog crate Ollie are you in
timeout are you trapped are you locked
is it just like super comfy so you love
it is it because your womb was so small
when he was pregnant he likes to crawl
into things like this ah you escaped
you're just sitting in the decree eating
an apple okay that's cool if you're cool
with it I'm cool with it oh that was a
dang good bite kid good job chew it up
chew it up good I filmed two videos
today and I filmed or edited both of
them does it add like a couple things to
it but I think I'm gonna actually put
the second one up next week until then
I'll be like totally clear and I'm like
so proud of myself and so excited now
Ollie who are you waiting for
you're waiting for aunty Mimi and Papa
aunty uncle all coming over and we're
going to barbecue yeah hot dogs and
burgers and stuff so Brian's cleaning up
back there now if you can see him a ball
and he's here aunty aunty aunty
ha mistake I know once you get in the
pool right now we are gonna go check on
mr. hummingbird if I can get a good shot
he or she may be small but he is
definitely grown out of that that little
hummingbird poop yeah probably like
crazy we watched him basically be born
he's growing so fast so cute I just want
to hold him so badly what are we
watching Cassie no he's frightened he's
fronting all he's frightened we're
watching lilo and Stitch the best movie
ever is this your favorite Disney movie
the whole fam damn is here oh I said it
right I said it right oh I need my
spatula i'ma grab my spatula grilling
burgers
yeah also these are 97 percent lean only
3 percent fat so they're not trippin as
much and so my grills not like on fire
which is actually pretty nice hot dogs
and hamburgers that's mean it's
summertime summertime summer summer
summertime how's your burger or your hot
dogs so good beefy how is it Jimmy it is
a beefy finally a hot shower
apparently something in our water heater
was broken so I have overcome a plumber
come by and replace it but we now have
hot water we've been showering in
basically like warm water for two days
it feels good to take a nice hot shower
at the end of the day and get ready to
relax do that Nene do that night whoa
what the hey
kid you got too much in it hey oli oli
come here can you throw that diaper
weight oh you passed hey you passed it
the dice - the diapers right there
yeah put the diaper in the trash go
throw it away good job now put the wipes
away come here put the wipes in there
and then shut the door
and go get my my kiss Olli you're such a
smart little boy why are you growing up
so fast kid dead to have a kiss mmm all
right it's time for this kid to go to be
EB and IG HT ni ght 9 night baby he does
not want to go night-night all right you
guys that is all for today's video we
had a fun summer day though man grilling
the hamburgers and hot dogs outside it's
like that is summer you know that's what
makes it feel like summer to me so that
was a really great day what is your
favorite part about summer let me know
in the comments below but I'm gonna go
to end today's vlog if you guys enjoyed
it - be sure to give it a big fat thumbs
up shout out to target again thanks for
sponsoring this video thanks for
watching and we'll see you guys manana
hi oh we came from sovereign world ropes
right it is fun yeah look at this cute
pony on Oh
gee
you know I was feeling wedding by baby
watch your eyes hair lie during that
time you did
