where's Holly oh I miss a good morning
hey morning guys
he is all ready to go swimming are you
gonna swim who's that
ah that just went is it your swim
teacher oh boy oh it buzzes yep buzzes
at the door she's got all the toys let's
go get her
all he's carrying the bag of toys out
there mr. castle thank you hahaha
he's so silly
great I'm proud of you
come here oli is down for the count
ladies and gentlemen and she said he had
a very great swim session and he's doing
really good and now that Mimi is here
because their internet is out apparently
really good for one thing
yeah
Cassie actually stayed the night last
night yeah she left and then came back
is like I'm just gonna stay the downy
house so she could like binge watch
Netflix in the guest room and so Mimi's
here cuz they're in there been having
fun with their internet so she's gonna
watch Olly while he sleeps and the Missy
and I have things to go do so we're
hoping that we can just go get the car
fixed and then go do a couple errands
well Mimi man's the house don't let them
party too hard okay
that's what I'm for it and I'm gonna
leave this here leaving the camera here
so you can get it when he wakes up cuz
we all know you're an amazing vlogger
alright we just dropped off our car and
we got a ride we have no kids it's like
we have no kids except our day is about
to consist all about our kids
yeah at the end of the month is always
second birthday but as the month goes on
it's going to start getting like hectic
and really busy so I'm trying to plan
off his birthday party right now I'm
gonna go the Disney Store and get him
some cousins we'll all go to Party City
and get like some party gifts and stuff
like that also we're starving we need a
teen lunch right yes who did how do I
run like a little lunch date yeah we are
nervous look they got all the inside-out
things all I got these babe he liked it
maybe he'd like that a little more and
even mugs what are we looking at me bud
oh so Macy was here with her mom like
last week and they had the real buzz and
I said buy one because they weren't here
the last time and now it looks like
they're not here I don't know baby I
don't see them mission accomplished we
got lots of goodies we actually ended up
ordering some things online too so I'm
really excited for him to see his
presence it's gonna be so much fun we're
eating lunch now together without a kid
it's not pretty amazing and we're in the
mall food court so we can get whatever
we want so I got Panda and she got hot
dog on a stick
she's probably like you eat this when
you're pregnant all the time do you
remember that one video when you dip
together you want to do it we're now
entering Party City and I walked from
the mall over here her idea the pregnant
woman excited to walk oh really mostly
black coalition oh yeah
but yeah we're headed into Party City
and we are going to get some cool party
stuff like a city like a city of party
stuff okay look at city look at all
these different party things you can do
Comus pirate Jake spongebob toy story
baby three inch tall what buzz balloon
oh my gosh that is so cool oh and it it
glides across the floor so that for us
oh yes that is so cool and look at they
got cars mickey monsters turtles this is
so cool
they have a lot of cool party things
oops oops sorry breaking things division
bibi's yeah I miss he talked about
renting the costume and having me in it
and I'm just like that doesn't sound fun
all right this little guy is awake Holly
ready to get up
he wants his mama you want me me to come
get you he wants mama I was gonna help
me and you like going to get Ali huh
where's Ali is he in there
 go get him where's Holly oh look
grandma say good morning you may get up
and vomit dead you sure do miss them
ah we're finally in our car and that
took a lot longer than we had hoped for
than they told us well they was they
told us the first time and then they're
like well we saw it fixed he had an
issue with the car that we saw the fix
it's been taken in an hour
and I almost just like yeah but then
it's like what else are we gonna come
down here and do it
so our forty hour forty minutes later
and it's done after they have to order a
whole they ordered a whole new one of
these yeah we messed up all the
electrical yeah and we can't charge our
phones like anything that's kind of
super frustrating that was kind of a
super super long day and we're kind of
late for our next thing that we're
supposed to be doing oh I missed you all
day did you have fun with me me yeah I
just went and picked up oli and we are
back at Jeffrey's Brian and Maddy are
filming a song right now and so me and
all I have the trampoline to ourselves
huh so he's bouncing me I'm flying you
guys oh my good the jumps they're crazy
he's so good at it he really is I feel
like he's very talented for a barely
two-year-old you're very good at that
and funny story
oli may have seen some woody things in
the back of our car no no baby don't get
out staying here and he's like woody
woody I was like don't look at that all
is so proud of himself for finding an
amazing piece of shade hi he's
underneath the trampoline and he's
pretty proud of himself and he's kind of
hiding from Molly over here and I said
just saying no Molly he was no ie it's
the cutest thing ever
ah
no doc you show us in there
what is that
Ellis's food can I have some
mmm that is good can you have some give
you another one buy another one no you
try it you try it thank you
mmm thank you you got so nice to share
oh hi Molly hi
yep peaceful ating finally done for the
day
I just wrapped up filming Maddy's cover
for when we released little talks and it
went really really good
keep fighting mama where's mama where's
mama where's mama mama there she is
all he just makes himself at home when
we come here though it's pretty nice he
just opens up the toy cupboard and goes
crazy all right we're getting dinner at
this cool little Mexican place and we
found one of these games who remembers
these games so I've been taking the
little pins out and all he's been
putting them back in look at you buddy
look at him go
keep going Yeah right there that is
awesome hand-eye coordination buddy whoa
Missy is eating pizza in a Mexican place
cuz she didn't want Mexican and so there
was a pizza place really close so it
worked out oh you got pizza pizza
celebrating Taco Tuesday in style yo yo
check it out Geoffrey got carne asada
fries yes that is the thing in
California people carne asada french
fries delegate come on come on come up
here go go with dead don't go do it that
day Holly what movie are we watching Hey
all they really wanted to watch home
today and he's been such a good boy so
we put it on for him he didn't eat much
of dinner so he's my little pancake okay
Oh take a take a break Holly loves this
movie home you guys tell me in the
comments if your kids have watched it
yet it's just so fun I think with the
colors and the aliens and it's got like
pop dance music throughout which Ollie
like really grooves to it's pretty
hilarious
this is a good time to take in some
cuddles though before
those nine eight he doesn't know it oh
thank you kind of notice why he's using
this other distraction alright beautiful
people of the Internet
that is all for today's vlog but before
we go I wanted to let you guys know
about something that I already let all
of my social media know so you probably
already know but I thought I'd tell you
here as well on the block
I am working on an EP and what this is
going to be it's going to be five to six
original tracks that I wrote and
co-produced and we are hopefully going
to be releasing it later this year and
I'm really excited because this is a
really big deal for me and I am going to
be able to sort of document this entire
journey from writing the songs to being
in the studio to getting everything
prepared I'm gonna be able to document
all that on the vlogs which i think is
really cool and I really hope that you
guys are excited about because this is
something that I'm just really
passionate about and something that I
enjoy doing with my life it's a dream
come true to be able to do something
like this I also did tell everyone to if
you guys didn't know one of the songs on
the EP is called Oliver's lullaby and
it's a song that I wrote in a song that
I actually sing to him when I put him to
take a nap or go to sleep and it's just
like really close to my heart I guess
you can say it's cool it's exciting so I
want to let you guys know that in case
you're not following me on social media
and if you aren't following me on social
media to follow me on Instagram or
Twitter list down below in the
description because you get to know all
the cool little details like that before
the blog up be sure to go ahead and
check that out
I'm gonna go end today's vlog and you
enjoyed it click that thumbs up button
and we will see you guys in Jana fine
that's where I wanna be
maybe
this is just
you could say it
