good morning guys we are in the airport
and we are getting ready to board our
first plane for the day which means we
have to leave Florida probably good
things this will just get worse
Ollie was kind of in a grumpy mood today
so I bought him a fishy mmm he'll
actually eat now no he wasn't gonna eat
he was just holding on to that I have a
rough morning yeah it was you take a
bite take a bite
good job this is so cute I know ah them
this morning he the only thing that like
faded happy we should say like you might
hate yeah we saw fish we had to follow
through he's odd Vicki can you give him
a hug get a fishy a hug all you want to
give him a bite see you my buddy
so yes we are we're in Nashville but we
didn't get off the plane but I did
because we needed food surround by
Quiznos really fast we have something to
eat while we're in there and how about a
long time I did that but it's just a
long time so I would give a long time
but we made it
beragon our homeland back in Cali
that's a long holiday oh my gosh
but guess what it's still light out so
I'm pretty happy I'm home I'm on board
I know we're getting home at like as
really spend time and which is kind of
nice to get home like really super like
nights up so this is nice we're home
yay we're here ratchet indeed houses 82
degrees this smell good smells like home
oh look at our flowers oh boy look they
look a little sad ooh ooh the pool Oh
hot down our poor pool looks disgusting
I don't know what happened but it's very
green and dirty I hate when you get back
from vacation and things like this
happen probably what happened is the
panel fuse blew and so it never turned
on was supposed to so the water probably
hasn't moved in forever well for as long
as we've been gone that's gross
I got to fix that just add it to my list
things to do now that we're back home
kind of what happened ah why'd you scare
em you guys auntie don't scare him like
that he's been talking about you like
crazy
yes and you guys to never eat again cake
I didn't give you a staycation I already
get info haha whoa go get Papa hug do
you see how
Tanny is he's almost as tan as you are
look at I worked on it too
you're still way Tanner than I am I've
got a nice even one bag sakes I got the
year oh you got the farmer Santa yeah
here look up the Jared tan look at that
look at this
yeah but I got that sunglass thing what
an aunty get you what is that oh I
remember these just like paper right
hold right here he's just gonna hit you
with it do it yeah Chinese yo-yo
Wow look at you got welcome home gifts
that's pretty cool something else to hit
us with I want any something that was no
easy but they didn't have anything like
this all right excuse all these little
freaked out he's pretty much yeah a
little bit crumbly how would you feel
after a night now yes you do okay I want
to show you guys something always got in
a little bit tan since being in format
now if you guys can see this baby's got
a little bit of a pigmentation where
it's like a little bit whiter
can you guys see yeah you can tell it's
a little bit wider and it's just like a
couple little dots in the line and I
just thought was really cool because my
sister when she was younger she had the
same thing she got super tan super
easily like I don't know she just just
really she gets really can't he's got
your dad's skin yeah pretty much
there's Indian in there I only or Native
American I don't know what's on this
side so my sister has the same thing
she's got a little bit line he's not a
skin is so weird but see it yeah it goes
like around the front and it's basically
just like um it's just a loss of pig
loss of pigment yeah sounds like the
same skin
and Cassie Mele actually look a lot of
life when they were younger because
Cassie had super blonde hair and the
starkest can skin ever and it's like the
cutest thing ever so they're pretty much
really can I just hand today so I'm
pretty yeah she did yeah that's one
reason I was able to show you because
she went to the beach I think this
pancake batter Oh
oh my gosh good job guys we got the pool
working Brian and my dad we're out here
for a while and they fixed it so now
it's all running and do they get clean
hopefully always same way tomorrow I'd
love to swim tomorrow but but it's not
super bad but it's not it's running um
oh I'm so tired though I'm gonna go get
ollie ready for bed now ollie have you
missed your bath have you missed it
we're gonna take a bath we gotta wash
Florida and the airplane off what yeah
pretty this isn't pretty
ha ha ha ha I was over it actually scare
you
Cassie fell asleep on my bed she have a
long day at the beach guys although I
had a long beach traveling I should be
the one sitting on the bed
we've got naked baby naked baby
hi is that your toy you glad to be back
in your bedroom you gonna sleep good
tonight
jeez Oh hugs for auntie that's you he
almost ready for bed baby it's a long
day what time is it right now in his
mind 8:20 so it's 8:20 here but at 10:20
in Florida so it's way past your bedtime
ha you way go night-night
keep saying night-night oh no I can't go
sing I to me me oh give her a kiss good
one
Oh give him oh mama oh how we gonna run
find your rocking chair I broke his
rocking chair right before we left I
said on it broke I think all I because
he was banging across the on the wall
for so long it kind of loosened it and
so the other day when I sat on it kind
of fell apart it's doable but I think we
have to get another one I'm super fun
good like that's like the rocking chair
that I used to rock and when Amos and I
bought it I guess I got it for me it's
got it's kind of like a really special
rocking he's like um can you cuddle me
right now
hi um it's like a really special rocking
chair so I don't know if there's any way
to fix it I'm sure we might be able to
fix it but I need to rock you tonight
what are we gonna do you love to be
wrong Tom haven't rocked you in like ten
days mmm that I smell Oliver oh you tell
you at the Fox say Fox hey what does the
Fox say
we're Homer Homer home laying on the
floor in my office I'm getting ready to
unpack so my suitcase just the
essentials I don't need to unpack
everything right now
normally the suitcase is just stay full
for a couple days Missy's actually
really good at packing and unpacking on
trips we're home I'm so happy to be home
smells good feels good we had an
absolute blast with all of our friends
on our trip that we took and so now it's
time to just get back to work and start
preparing for what's coming up next
what's coming up next you guys a couple
things
VidCon vloggerfair babymoon BC I might
be playing a nice little baby win for us
for the baby good chance but anyway
that's it on a long day I hope you guys
do a today's blog thumbs up cuz we're
back home and I remember love the like
fire
and helped hide I was barely getting by
but your eyes lie you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew
discounting all the places we go now
