Holly can you give Jackson a hug goodbye
they're leaving this morning good
morning guys today Ellie and Jared are
packing up and they're getting ready to
leave sad stories you guys I'm gonna
miss you
I'm sure they're gonna miss me when I'm
gone the most yes I really really am
swimming in the ocean I know in the
ocean
you didn't the same Oh every single time
she went dead oh yes oh no they got the
game just before me and by mr. Calvin
hey hey try not to be all rambunctious
and loud on the plane okay I know you I
know how you are say bye-bye baby
oh he's sad he's gonna go bye-bye baby
oh oh oh my gosh oh my gosh
he took his pacifier and he was gently
putting it in his mouth it's okay he
don't need it oh he's just trying to
make him comfy no what do you believe
that very quite trust Jackson yes ollie
oh he's being so gentle and you song
nah nah nah nah Oh give him a little
relaxation rock there we go that'll keep
them oh okay that's a little too much
little too much it's okay buddy I just
got back from the airport dropping ellie
and jared off and came back to biscuits
and gravy I know everyone's like what
what our business in Grady
that's gross run for like hard day yours
different the money I open one up always
up I need more gravy around remember
Colin and Katie eat biscuits and gravy a
lot just like us - so pretty excited for
this because I'm starved are you gonna
sweep up yeah can you sweep up this
floor real quick and then you can go
there you go sweep it up sweep up the
floor just like that thank you
you have kids got to put them to work
they got to do their part hi buddy
what are you doing yeah you just hanging
out in the basket no are you enjoying
yourself here at the beach house yeah
those are his shoes Macy gains are you
kidding me right now you're playing with
a little purple horse and you're in a
pink tutu boo boo boo boo you know how
to play with that ollie
yeah well careful boo there's a
weird-looking bug right there really got
it its own
okay Brian southern oh listen it's gone
Jen and I have been practicing our
southern accent is not very good but
Jarrod will probably demonstrate a
little bit of his southern accent it's
kind of kind of just falls out of your
mouth you know like sweet molasses we're
actually getting ready to go out on a
beach day I'm really really looking
forward to it yes Kim to relax on the
beach
I noticed we've been doing everyday but
I'm excited we're gonna hang out with
dolphins later I'm so excited you say
dolphin by hey yeah they're basically
big fishies I use I did you gave me the
key and I get to drive it go Ollie in
games you're gonna dress oh yeah all
right all I invited Jonathan how hard
you have to push that oh yeah Missy I
want good JA Molly you did it are you
guys ready for your date schefren say
get in here gain let's go yes hurricane
oh you want to give DeAnza kids kids did
the baby kiss yeah all you want to join
Miss Maisie Gaines on the towel look at
that you're trapped
ahahahahahaha got a flyaway umbrella
here gone to the rescue and by the way
Missy picked up another umbrella while
she was at the store so we're repping
the alabama crimson tide roll tide roll
which is so nice so we've just been
sitting here under the umbrella chilling
on the beach chairs and just feeling a
breeze watching the waves but it's been
refreshing I cannot even tell you how
good this kid has been this entire trip
but I told him you're like sitting on
the chairs I told him closer eyes and he
did
over here has been amazing that will be
stripped been amazing all right we are
all piled into the car and we are gonna
go hang out with some dolphin funny
thing what sound is a dolphin maker
yeah
never been out of a performance planet
oh really lit up really oh yeah that's
right
the Dolphins over here actually chasing
the fish along this rocky line right
here and Ollie apparently is ready to
jump in and go see some so we're just
chillin here beautiful sunset is that
Panama City right there Wow
Panama City right there so romantic man
I love you
you're pretty thank you for doing this I
know we're gonna try and see more
dolphins we're just sittin chillin here
waiting to come up busy
how's it feel is it just standing under
you
you
we were senior now this is really cool
you
our little YouTube party has dwindled
down to just the four of us just the
four of us from the quiet I know
oh it really is we were talking about
earlier to Brian and call it are editing
watch naked and afraid yeah there's a
lot of naked people the TV right now
getting afraid it's so weird I've never
heard of it but Collin Katie were like
you guys got to watch this we're like
there's naked people on the TV dr. fun
day was so amazing I can't even like it
was just like everything was so so so
fun and by the way it is my parents 27th
wedding anniversary David married 27
years and they've been together for 28
years on dad happy anniversary and you
guys should look leave in the comments
happy anniversary isn't that's pretty
big accomplishment they are definitely
one of our biggest role models and
they're like this you're sticking
together yeah like they're like truly in
love but anyways if you guys aren't
subscribed to Cole and Katie yet like
come on you really should stop oh my god
five right yeah you like that you would
like them like they they're so
down-to-earth so awesome so much fun
we'll have them linked down below and
also if you haven't subscribed to Ellie
and Jared make sure you subscribe to
them too because they are awesome as
well baby I'm really in the vlog give it
a thumbs up
and the mug I'm willing
I remember love the like fire camp
helped hide I was really getting by but
your eyes lie you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew who
knew
