and I come over here there you are were
you hiding
I found you that is not the best game to
play how's it going buddy
early nap yeah good morning guys it is a
beautiful day today nice and warm how's
the water feel oh it's warm
but yeah we got Olli in the pool today
because we're actually doing the photo
shoot for our first poster so we want to
make sure that he gets a good nap and
then wakes up feeling refreshed and
moldable the way he was sleeping we
gotta come down early
oh yeah 2 3 hours yeah oh my god Paul
cornered it good job buddy
also look what else Missy found in the
pool is one of you guys this is pretty
crazy we have this really cool palm tree
right here and if you look closely look
at that that is a hummingbird in a nest
tiny tiny tiny nest little tiny
hummingbird
oh really hey
like like it sausage like mmm so she
thinks she's got eggs in there oh yeah
he got one you doing can you shake like
Karma ah this kid so far has been asleep
for a full hour and he was so tired when
I put him down I got him out of the pool
and I said are you tired I tired and
then I got ready for bed
and he literally write down and he fell
asleep so fast so um he wait a while he
was asleep I ran into Ulta because as
you guys may know it--and a little and
we're doing a photo shoot okay and my
makeup just does not match at all it's
like super white on my face and then I'm
kind of tanned down here
so I went up I'm so proud of myself you
guys I went from like in Urban Decay I'm
usually like I don't know a zero and now
I'm a dewpoint up so burn myself
um but yeah I got some stuff so I can do
my makeup had to grab a couple things
for the shoot even though we went
shopping yesterday there's always things
that you need the day of something isn't
that just the truth so I had to pick up
the cake because in the photoshoot we're
gonna be decorating a cake and I got
some flowers and just some other
matching pieces that are going to be for
the shoot and I'm also listening to
Jack's Mannequin on Apple music if you
guys are know Apple released an update
for the iPhone that came with Apple
music and it's like a subscriber base
song streaming service so it kind of
just replaced my Spotify account because
it's all built into iTunes which is
really cool and Jack's Mannequin I love
him I completely forgot about his music
and I was going through my
recommendations and I was like cool I
can listen to the whole album so I've
listened to that so if you guys are
subscribed to Apple music let me know in
the comments what albums you're
listening to because I would love to
check out new music but now I'm headed
to pick up Jimmy so that we have a
little bit of extra help with the shoots
because there's gonna be a lot going
into it and it might get chaotic and we
need all the hands that we can get and
she said she was just out here and
she's pretty sure that the hummingbird
was gone out of the nest and there's an
egg in it so I want to see if we could
see it oh my gosh there's a little egg
in it oh my gosh that's so cool I swear
it just moved to look at our little
setup we got going on we got Missy in
her pink apron we got the cake that we
just baked yes there's proof okay
there's eggs and there's flour those
will go in a cake right yeah yeah and
now we're going to be decorating it this
is our amazing photographer Brooke go
follow her on Instagram link down below
in the description
she's gonna be taking some photos and I
really I really like your photography
because it's so whimsical and that's the
kind of thing we're going for right now
so it's going to be really cool we only
we just have to make sure that Oliver
sit ups on the counter and behaves you
probably the least of our worries yeah
oh yeah we're gonna try and get karma
over there too this is gonna be fun yeah
yeah we got lots of hands on deck you
got it all set up don't play with that
you got your you got your spoon
show me your spoon you're gonna put some
we'll put some icing on it for you okay
guys Oh
look at the a there we go Oh Olli
Oh I think things got a little bit crazy
you guys karma even actually at one
point jumped up and ate some of the cake
which I think was pretty cute
yeah just like really cool can of shots
I'm really really excited to see using
every cool but look just all the
sprinkles everywhere doesn't all the
sprinkles like even in the eggs you know
like that's just such a cool like little
detail yeah you guys you guys want a
cake you could totally take this cake
yeah okay so there is actual birds in
the nest and I told Brooke get out here
and start taking pictures of this oh the
mom oh I hope we're not this year off
their little heads are out you have
hello little birdies oh my goodness yeah
that other egg is gone Missy that other
eggshell that's gonna be like Instagram
of the year Brooke so I came upstairs
with Ollie and I haven't looking
everywhere for him because I went into
the little room for like a minute and
then I came out and all of a sudden he
was gone I started checking all like the
bathrooms first and I make sure he's not
in like getting in any trouble and then
I realized like he's up here but I don't
know where he is and I'm pretty sure we
just enter the stage of hiding from
mommy so I'm like looking at your like
mommy doesn't like this come out like
looking behind they're looking in the
closet and then I hear a little peep
and I come over here there you are
were you hiding I found you that is not
the best game to play I was like kind of
freaking out but then I was like I know
he's here somewhere good I just turned
around he was so quiet that's gonna be
an interesting stage huh you're so silly
Oh getting stuff out all right baby come
here
there you go hmm it made it here still
let's go downstairs and play yo yo yo
how's it goin Matty and I are in our
little studio place Oh Jefferson's - say
hi Jeffrey hi Matty and I are getting
ready to record our cover of little
talks
what am I seriously one of my favorite
songs ever and it's a really cool duet -
I think the way that it's like formatted
so it's gonna be a little bit different
uh but I'm excited to shoot with this
girl she's so talented it she seriously
it home to you 13 13 years old I wish
you know actually when I was 13 that was
when I was like everyone was making fun
of me because I liked some music and
liked to sing and I like stopped I feel
like we're in this really cool
generation where like people sort of
embrace the arts more and so now you're
just like flourishing you've got our own
YouTube channel link down below in
description go check it out
she still gets nervous around camera
it's okay it's okay Maddy let's do this
Jeffrey's grabbing his guitar
are you sure that's the one you want to
use cuz we have plenty of options in our
space here is this place so cool Jeffrey
I'm just like yeah I think this is so
cool and I love that so I have this a
cool little buck statue here and when I
turn this lamp on it casts this really
cool shadow right there that's my
favorite I love it so look for it in the
video when this cover comes out get it
all I get it put it in the basket put in
the basket
what are you doing do it go go Oh almost
almost
you can do it I believe in you
oh that's cheating that's cheat put it
up here good yeah good job buddy
and then you gotta push it yeah Wow
that's kind of like a tackle we just
finished recording our cover of little
stalks and Ollie is outside playing with
all the toys I'm glad we do our covers
here babe because there's lots of toys
for him to play with and playing with
the doggy - OH
nice try babe go get it go get it hurry
for the dog he does thanks man he knows
what it's all about it's all about the
light come here buddy Oh
all right guys I just got home I don't
think Missy's too happy with me because
I stayed pretty late um but I had to
help all Jeffrey cuz he was also working
on music and needed my help but we had a
very very productive day today you guys
we wish we go doing hmm but anyway I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog here
if you guys enjoy it click that thumbs
up button and we'll see you tomorrow
I was really good you decided to take
your cheese guy a chance on me who now
