good morning guys we are up and about
and we've got Mimi here and oli is in a
swimsuit what does that mean Olli and
you can go swim it
we doesn't realize is that we actually
are having swim lessons here in our pool
today we're just waiting for his teacher
to get here
the new teacher new school and we're
kind of just changing up all the other
just cuz he needed something different I
hope that just like a change of pace
change of teacher change of everything
will help him get more comfortable and
safe in the water because that's what
what I really want to get to but we'll
see cuz he may just put up a whole stink
and be like no way am I getting in that
pool so I have my bathing suit on
underneath my dress so if I have to get
in to help him like warm up than I can
is that buzzed and made me get that out
of her purse oh he can take that
swimming with him too right are you
excited to go swim yeah and you got buzz
you can go swim with buzz and he's got a
vacuum attachment which he's been very
obsessed with buzz he's going
Oh
you're gonna scale it all right I love
how he plays with this because I think
and I have a feeling that is exactly
what he's doing he's just in heating
those broad yeah we can hold his breath
and he can navigate it to where he's
alright
I don't know how I know that it's a long
time I think I would go under on life
and find out right now
alright ready to go back now you're
gonna swim mama here we go but you gotta
swim it I'm not to see you k21 rest stop
one two three
good kicks oh yeah they were like wait a
second should we go get it
I said like he said you can go alright
you swim to mama and I'll get it okay
I'll get buzz you swim to mommy ready
three two one that was he's doing so
good you guys
his tremens instructors really impressed
by how much he already knows which is
really cool
she says that we are probably going to
have a natural swimmer on our hands by
the end of summer can you imagine that
only jumping in swimming on his own and
then going to the side that's incredible
I'm really proud of him today this has
been really really cool all he did so
good today at swim did you love it when
you had is it fun lucky what there yeah
as couples I'm getting ready no I told
him at nap time and he's chained to get
some lovin so I'm getting kicked right
now in the crotch and I literally feel
like I'm gonna cry like a baby
yeah that's Kiki yeah yeah okay make
some weird faces oh yeah anyways yeah I
was so so so impressed that Jays gonna
fall I was so impressed and so happy I
think he's gonna really love his teacher
although he loved his other teacher as
well nothing I gets another teacher that
they've been heree really well for their
psyche oh yes you know yeah him he was
like done oh yeah and it actually worked
out because she just went to another
position and a different job and stuff
so you won't have been his instructor
yeah so he would have had to adjust to a
different teacher so I was like let's go
ahead and switch it up and do a teacher
in our pool and I think it's gonna work
out really good and she was really
impressed I was really impressed even
just just seeing him I'm like he is a
really good swimmer he really can I know
I can feel him like this is calm he's
like I don't want a good name no cuddles
from Deba
let's go down for a nap
oh you're just kind of he's manipulating
you and you were just soaking it up
maybe you should go put him down for now
you got buzz and go seek with Buzz and
Woody Wow at Mysore I wrote this thing
till the battery died yesterday I think
it can go like three to four miles not
really sure so I woke up my legs felt
like I was doing leg day at the gym for
all day they're so sore but it feels
good and I am kind of sore from my fall
probably when I fell on the asphalt that
would probably do it as well still
probably the coolest thing I ever bought
in my life oh and I did want to mention
to Jared when Jared ordered his he did a
little research he found out that they
all come from the same manufacturer in
China so all the ones that are like
different brands and stuff they're all
the same exact scooter so I think the
most popular one for this is the IO Hawk
that's kind of like what made it famous
but it was around before then but they
kind of just slap their logo on it so
Jared did some research and found out
where you can actually buy them online
for way cheaper so you don't have to buy
an IO Hawk so we did not I did not spend
$1,800 on this thing but I spent $1,800
on the thing I would be scared to drive
it because it's already banged up so
much from all the Falls and stuff we
took so I got it for much much cheaper
someone said they found him for $400 I
even got it way cheaper than that so
pretty cool deal if you ask me but
hopefully jared will be getting it soon
I cannot wait to ride these around at
VidCon with them gonna be so much fun
and Missy when you're not pregnant
anymore we're gonna be using these okay
we're gonna have walks we're gonna go on
romantic walks on our cell phones
scooters should be the mommy very
babywearing yes that's completely safe I
got it I got it on the vlog ensues a he
record all right Missy I have something
really funny I want to show you okay ask
Siri what 0/0 is
what is 0/0 imagine that you have zero
cookies and you split them evenly among
zero friends how many cookies does each
person get
see it doesn't make sense and Cookie
Monster's said that there are no cookies
and you are sad that you have no friends
she's such a B right 0/0 indeterminate
she basically said you have no friends
I know I know cookies no you guys all
yeah hush all he just woke up she's
asleep for almost three hours I'll say
two and a half hours but he has been
such a good sleeper these days it just
buzz make you sleep really good he's he
good yeah buzz he's been sleeping all
night he sleeps at least 12 hours
sometimes 13 14 I mean yesterday was
like 15 hours um I don't know if he's
going through a growth spurt or if he
just loves his new bed he's so
comfortable he's been taking very long
good naps huh tiny making it difficult
for mommy and daddy to get anything done
outside of the house huh show us how
fast you go go go go go go he thinks the
stairs is a slide
who's coming yeah Jack's a da ha ha Jade
and I've just been facetiming while we
do some work all he popped up on here
and he wanted to see Jackson so Jerrod's
gonna go get checks hi buddy
you save it all Olly who is that even
though the Simoncini that is Jackson
show me a buzz
show me your buzz lightyear here she was
right here these guys at home doesn't I
know what the heck say hi Calvin
oh look at that cute little babies
getting so big bro
it's like he's going through a girl's
for right now and it's amazing I feel
like it can actually hold it without you
know you reckon holding a cloud
yeah degrees yeah all of a sudden it
just started storming is it hail
Holly come out look is it just rain
guys crazy babe yeah it's pouring rain
you guys Missy get in here Wow look at
that rain come down whoo God's like what
drought hey let me help you out let me
help you out there
come on buddy come inside where it's
warm
when it rains the weirdest thing ever
we're trying on aprons we are doing a
very special photo shoot tomorrow yeah
kind of a staged one I guess you could
say and the theme is baking in fall I
like that one it's got little cupcakes
on that babe yeah and the pleat yeah
this one's cute he's cool
and then there's also this one which is
kind of a little bit more simple yeah
I'm afraid on it I like the frilly up
there
yeah I like the other one better yet
tomorrow we're actually doing the photo
shoot for the poster we're working on a
really cool idea for a poster because
for months people have been begging us
to do posters and I've been wanting to
do one for a while too so we're trying
to make it really cool ooh green and
macaroons had a key oh yeah key shows
where the apples are he walked in the
store anyway Apple Apple were like what
are you talking about
he found this little stage setup of all
these apples they're definitely Apple
they're not real though buddy it's an
apple yeah no that is an apple yep good
job buddy
 scooter montage I must've said
about a million times
but I really really like you I must have
said it like a million times but you
never listen do you even notice
something
I should go
want me
ruining the love affair
I am funny
hey hey hey no no no no no no throwback
yep oh wait we are home and we're
relaxing always asleep I couldn't really
good being the bed is so nice now huh
yeah and she's playing video games I am
I'm actually gonna end the vlog and
Brian's gonna finish editing and then
we're gonna play video games
we got splatoon and then we go through
ups and downs of video we got it like a
week ago yeah we haven't had a chance to
play anyways like I said I'm gonna end
the vlog hope you guys enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up if you did karma is not
in the mood to lay down and play video
games he just wanted to play he's
actually been horrible you know he's
been laying on the carpet and with his
head on a pillow okay I'm really harsh
dog you know he's so cute
alright guys hope you guys enjoyed it we
will see you guys tomorrow
Jana hey did you see my piston oh like
you that I don't know I said well I was
really like you
I'm gay your nigga chew and that's on me
honey darling I really want
