good morning guys your day early yes on
our plane sadly your cap clearly isn't
over New Delhi
what are you guys doing here there's so
much with you you're coming with
us do you know where we're going no
that's more exciting let the adventure
begin
all across your nose guys it's just
prepared he's like yeah this is it he's
got his hoodie is Toy Story its
you
we are on land and these kids are crazy
hi
they did so good on the flight flight
was like four hours long so I'm
definitely proud of my little flier and
now he's of course entertaining the
entire airport
he is running after Jackson to tickle
our minor
Oh Jackson there we go
teamwork you did yeah yep so we've been
planning a little vacation with Ellie
and Jared we basically went to Utah to
pick you guys up well I'm just starting
to visit and we kind of talked them into
it so we're really really excited wait
till you see where we're going
no hints no means last plane ride you
got a sticker home what is that what is
that we're gonna put the sticker on you
okay oh he wants to put it on himself go
ahead put it on yourself put it on there
you go yeah
okay it's always waiting time when we're
in the airplane it's got a watch a woody
alright we have arrived and we are super
excited to have some fun tonight and we
are actually ready to go meet some
special guests for Cavett's had a little
free kappa break the internet you guys
that is what we're doing here with Colin
and Katie and Miss Maisie Gaines what's
up girl
what's up pretty ladies and Sam camera
call these guys with their cameras she's
like you didn't bring me one girl tip I
would really have to bring me three boys
hey baby girl
hey baby girl we're at the beach house
and we are so excited we're gonna be
staying here for a little bit hanging
out with all our friends making some fun
videos Ollie's already found the toys
you know there's I mean man Jackson is
exploring as well Jackson what are you
doing
place is sweet too check out this
kitchen oh you already got the nature
box - this is so cool oh hey oh wow
there's lockers that is cool oh here we
go just unleash the field yes okay he's
got the ball his legs are they're too
big bigger ball oh yes
this is so cool bro you guys it's Colin
I love this guy there's some bond that
you have with people that you pick up
from the airport I know right I agree so
cool this is Jared and I were talking
like this is like the best thing about
what we do yeah is that we can all just
like get together like this it's amazing
huge blessing it's your shirt is Rp he
goes egg to up their wages anyway ain't
got any cookies Ellie's breastfeeding
you know what you know how never cookie
the milk oh you have to be a little
quicker than that Colin all right we
just came upstairs and they just showed
us our room it is so gorgeous this whole
house is gorgeous but look at this it's
got this beautiful windows a chair and a
really nice bed
I'm excited look how cute this house is
everything is so like cute and just like
decorator let me talk about the bathroom
nice this is how you come to Florida
yeah friends in a beach house are you so
we're gonna shoot did you get it you got
your shin up a little bit more you got
your shoe would you guys look at this
beautiful girl right here you are so
cute you're dealing a little southern
belle aren't you
Polly is into everything he loves this
lightsaber
oh oh oh sorry games just for sighs I'm
gonna put my big head next to her weight
that she's just a little thing look at
look look Holly this woody is way I
think we're all again yeah yeah
look at all these good-looking people
yeah where's woody let's go to the beach
look at Jer tonight Jared and I already
Florida fight got the tags in the Hat
well except oh dude it's okay we are
going to look like this look at this
hell brown that is Mike that is my goal
for this trip is to be as dark as Khan
blast we are walking to the beach
and we are so excited we can actually
hear it from the front of the house
which is so dope you may not hear but
that's the sound that's making oh sad
like if you dig far enough in your yard
sand beyond excited possible yeah it's
gonna be like a completely different
experience than what we're used to in
California it's gonna be dope Ellie just
said something really funny so be sure
you go to their lot to hear what she
said cuz this particular this is the
pool and then over here is the beach oh
are you dying babe can we live here now
what do you think Ollie he's like oh no
this is like the beach no that is
beautiful
look at Jackson he's dolly we have to
get over this fear of San hi guys how to
sit on the sand is so cool guys this is
so dope
oh alright maybe we are walking toward
Florida O'Shea oh it's gonna be a trip
oh my gosh oh that feels amazing
give me some soap or like a bar so bro
hey some shampoo yeah hey baby girl
the Gulf of Mexico
you guys Oh same
Collins jumping out there happier now we
got him a towel hanging out with Mama
he's gonna need some time yeah don't
carry now it's just like talking to me
like the water feels amazing you guys
things warm it's not like California
water incredible testing out on this
beautiful scenery right
oh you guys stand on you uh-oh just had
an awesome little pool time with all
he's so excited he's gonna have so much
fun on this trip aren't we
I don't we misplace the games just like
you're weird you know he are gonna be in
Florida and we're gonna be here for a
while and it's gonna be a blast and if
you guys did not know Ellie and Jared
and cola and Katie
they both daily blog too so we're going
to pump it out like videos galore right
yeah so go subscribe to Colin and Katie
links below in the description go
subscribe to Ellie and Jared we're gonna
have a black eye believe this is
happening this is happening this is
really nice this is this is so dull
tricky and kinetic say I'm really
excited to be here a few guys I think
we're gonna have a lot of fun this week
word up in Jackson just Jackson just
proved this I'm not even joking
felt it online if you guys enjoyed
today's vlog click thumbs up go check
out their channels and watch their vlogs
from today - thanks for watching you
guys and we will see to mom
bye chicks up family is where it's going
gonna end the vlog meters
are you hungry yes how about now
oh how about me I'll get show you hungry
on me a lunch in our childhood Olaf
amazing you guys
