good morning guys we're in Utah did you
know Utah I knew that I'm taller get it
Utah but I'm taller great way to start
the vlog good morning guys we are all at
breakfast at hers and I was so excited
to try this fish as I told Missy when we
came here last time I was not eating
eggs benedict but then I discovered the
amazingness of eggs benedict and so now
I'm trying at perms and it looks
beautiful but you can't get any better
than the Parisian of Alex Goods even the
name itself for we you sound fancy
well I'm just gonna get the Parisian the
boys are both being really good munching
on pancakes
they were fork fighting a little bit ago
yeah Jackson was going hard he brought a
knife to a fork fight we're off to Le
ingeras we had a yummy yummy breakfast
it's really good that was so good is so
good
ah yeah it was good I had biscuits and
gravy and eggs I was getting eggs Brian
was saying he loves eggs benedict
because it's at different everywhere you
go I call it like the hollandaise sauces
everyone does it a little yeah yes I
love eggs because it's the same
everywhere you go like the one thing I
can count on biscuits and gravy
different everywhere you go but eggs are
the same all he ate really good so we're
gonna head back and play and you're a
new dress yes I am wearing a maternity
dress today I gotta add Motherhood
Maternity maybe also used always I can
win me another yeah I actually bought a
bunch of stuff I was talking about the
other day I got some attorney clothes
from the pink blush maternity site and I
knew we're gonna be in Utah so I went
ahead and shipped everything to Ellie
and so I was able to go through it last
night and that was kind of exciting
because I'm I don't I don't ever buy
stuff online but then to shift it to
someone else's house I think Ellie like
that too because like you're going
through your package like with her yeah
I was good to go yeah look who I have
I'm rocking him to sleep look at him he
always has just one eye slightly open
his dominant thing and like his lip
mm-hmm he looks adorable yeah he looks
adorable you know no yep I just got
Calvin thank you
and haha for he knows there is candy up
there early Owen woody nobody I know he
says all kinds of things and that's so
cool but Ollie is money a lot about
sharing this week because he's not
normally around a lot of kids where he
has to share and so um that is always
woody and sometimes Jackson gets it
isn't that cool and Ollie freaks out
and woody hey this is your woody but you
need to share it with Jackson you let
him play what is that exciting run yes
No you do not take you sure
and when Jax is done then you can play
with it
go get a look at another toy there's a
snake in my boat
Holly just woke up from his nap and he's
not happy he's in like in a new place
and he doesn't know what's good hey
mister hey mister were you sleeping in
your buddy's crib get daddy a hug
it's okay hey good morning look at the
giant giraffe do you see the giant
giraffe that's George
oh that's that little elephant we got
them for Calvin hey come on
yeah is that Jackson I think he's away
from his nap too you stole his crib
buddy Oh Jackson it like Phil he like
goes into your eyes it felt the whole
room look at you walking around with
your blanket you're so cute I got the
boys outside playing in the grass and
the Sun we're gonna go somewhere really
fun you guys and hang out Kay you got a
rock that's right
and you got a rock yeah all right we got
the boys out here and they're eating
their snacks before we go to play yes we
got this boy out here too baby sucking
up some vitamin D they're just having a
little snack we are ready to go play you
ready
they're so cute I love that they're like
the same height and like they have the
same hair color yeah and they love to
share their drinks only we share
memories share all right we brought the
boys today to wiggle worms Playland and
they are gonna wiggle and play here
comes Jackson
that was like how can I go in
Oh
keep sir
scores
there's even like a little store here
with shells
uh oh you got the baby in your car
nothing is impossible
you
you
are you eating pizza take a bite you
guys are so cute
look what's gonna happen we all had so
much fun playing and now it's time for
bath time you ready to happen look at
these boys they got their toys and then
taking a bath you guys are so cute you
guys recommend taking baths now since
they were very young no were they
thinking honestly say that they've been
friends how old were they when they had
their first bath did we would blog refer
eight months yeah they're almost big
boys all right guys the kids are asleep
and we are just all sitting around like
chillin missus eating ice cream right
nice and Jared is dancing on the baby
let's see the baby let's see the dog oh
the baby oh you're more likely to trip
walking than I am dancing we've been
getting so many cuddles in with Calvin
it's been pretty amazing
oh also you guys look at I'm rocking
anula tricks and shirt Jen and I
actually went by the warehouse and they
hooked us up with a ton of cool stuff so
that was really cool
Thank You trixin anyways I think I'm
gonna go ahead and end today's vlog but
I hope you guys enjoyed it if you did
click the thumbs up button tomorrow
we're doing something really cool so be
sure that you check out tomorrow's vlog
and subscribe to our channel if you're
not already because it's free also if
you're not subscribed to this kid or
this kid right here on Ellie and Jared
go check them out link is below in the
description what do we do tomorrow
that's cool we're hanging out together
and tell you stay tuned for the next
episode of them daily nice
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you later the cameras coming in which
means the log is I think it's getting
close dude it's just this is happening
I remember love the like fire hands held
tight I was really getting by but your
eyes lie you decided to take a chance
take a chance on me who knew who knew
