it's like any other Jones the big ball
coming off good morning you guys this
morning missing I being Masters of
manipulation I knew he had to go potty
because yet a little fart poopoo oh
really
yeah sounds like let's try go party boy
watch woody like so we put on woody Toy
Story you sit down on there and then we
turn on the show and then you go poopoo
can't go potty
go peepee or poopoo I don't care thank
goodness but this is four years of never
wanting to throw clothes away you guys I
just took all of those out of there four
years of clothes for I honestly couldn't
believe how many clothes I've
accumulated in such a long period of
time but at the same time it's like I
don't wear any of these but I'm like
emotionally attached to them somehow so
I never want to throw them out but I'm
like you know what I need to just
declutter my life this all needs to go
away
we'll probably donate like the stuff
that are good but some clothes are just
so dingy and worn and like you know when
they've been hanging in the closet for
like years and like you wash it and it
still never feels the same that's kind
of what happened in fact I also found a
shirt while I was cleaning out look at
this this is the tank top that I was
wearing when Oliver was born I was two
years ago so now my closet is nice and
organized I got only the clothes that I
wear on my shorts my comfy shorts my
jeans my pants my board short swim
shorts the shoes all my hats are up here
and actually I should probably go
through those and donate the ones that I
don't worry thers I don't want this
Perry the plat that's not a long time
feels good to have everything cleaned up
an organized
is pointing guys I am just getting ready
for the day what ollie takes his nap and
I want to show you guys while I was out
with my sister shopping I went ahead and
grabbed a couple of maternity clothes
for me because slowly but surely all my
clothes do not fit me anymore and it's
such a bummer because it's like I hate
buy new clothes and I hate buying
clothes that I probably not going to
wear for very long because obviously
this is only gonna be worn to the next
20 weeks and then I'm in out of baby and
then I'm be done wearing it I don't
think I've ever really bought in fun buy
a pair of maternity shorts but I did
yesterday so I'm going to show you them
here's what they look like this actually
goes up quite high goes up to like here
and I was like I cannot wear them on my
belly I would die of heat um but I'm
sure as I get bigger it might get like
more comfortable um but yeah I just went
ahead and like folded it down a little
bit
that's our shorts I bought a dress and I
bought a couple shirts so I'm super
super happy with that and then I
actually discovered online shopping I
know I'm I should online shop I feel
like that's like a thing that people do
Brian does it all the time but I just
I'm really particular I want to like try
my clothes on and stuff and so the other
day I actually online shopped at the
pink blush Maternity which i think is
kind of a popular site for maternity
clothes I bought a bunch of clothes on
there and some really excited for those
to come I got a bunch of dresses and all
that it's crazy that I'm getting to that
point I just feel like the I'm
wearing this shirt right now and I keep
looking I'm like this it's not gonna
last for very long it's got like a
couple more weeks on it and then this
shirts done who's awake who's awake is
all the awake you ready see ollie good
for cute let's go get up nice cookie
oh you're away dude your room is a
disaster my love
show them your ball hit my ball he
doesn't fall oh I was like where's the
ball where is it where is it where is it
arms up you gotta put the ball down
whoop good job Rach hey morning say hi
hi hey dude this is super cute shirt
underwear we got it from your shirt like
he's wearing snorkeling gear around his
neck nut cute it's like Indiana Jones
the big balls coming off here okay it
barely even touched you yes silly boy
this is how we get bags of clothes down
the stairs oh okay go play hurry it's
okay yeah out with the old in with the
new he's like stop it
it's okay it's okay
you know their shoes so their shoes oh
it's ok Oliver maybe it's time for out
with the old in with the new with your
things - you got to clean up this room
ok
he's like as long as you give me food
this was a trap your old underwear my
old underwear okay we won't donate my
old underwear
we're headed to go get Ollie a haircut
is banal open we'll pass to his hair's
getting a little crazy so we're going to
go get him
trimmed up a little bit always that
because you threw all his toys we did
have right now he just has us I think he
has some snacks of daddy song yeah he's
there all his toys and but the saddest
part is that he threw his ball far away
so I can't reach it
I keep handing these things but all he
wants is the ball he's like don't give
me money how about look what I got in
the mail today guys I got him Toy Story
begging for his big boy bed I haven't
bought the big boy bed yet and I haven't
really decided when I'm going to do that
but
did I do I will have Betty for him and I
got him Toy Story I'll probably have Toy
Story and another Betty obviously
something that's not gonna go out of
style he probably won't like this in a
few months or so at least it won't be as
his like thing anymore go to Kuroko can
you say Bell boo
you watching woody all right the big
reveal
a little pepper oh thank you so dark
hair you guys suck curve is yours
oh yeah
look at that hair guys so cute they love
it Oh like older yeah he does oh it
looks good I love it like popped up like
that Tiger looks cute and he got a
sucker well deserved what you find you
found balls he's got so many balls and
Mama found quarters which is what it
needs should I try the only reason I'm
doing it is it says the winner every
time
so I feel like obviously I would be
losing too much he just handed me a
sucker I'm afraid if I do it you're just
gonna hit the button then we're not
gonna be a winner all right we are at
patent Oscars because Missy was craving
breadsticks so waiting for our food but
they have a little ball machine
boo that big green one can go get you Oh
Steve you almost pushed a button my ass
go for the yellow one okay I got it
Oh barely hanging on barely hanging on
barely hanging on oh you got it get it
out of the door
yay are you so happy now Holly are you
so happy that you got a ball yes can you
get my kiss it makes you work for it not
woody here - what he's joining us for
dinner we got a nice little view of that
cool little lake out there
yeah we'll have to run around if it's
still light up look at all this food we
got pizza chicken and most importantly
bread sticks they still have like the
best French pop what do you want
something
all he's saying bye I'm gonna go hang
with the ducks now
you
our son the duck chaser we have raised
him well Missy
we just ran into Casey Casey say hey did
you eat at Patton Oscars you got to eat
some bread sticks are good ally ate like
10 of them that's so crazy Missy I feel
like we've been running into people like
everywhere we go it's so cool because
I'm like oh we probably met everyone in
this area but how many no yeah probably
not it's crazy it's just interesting as
you see like the numbers grow like
subscribers grow it's like we walk into
a store and more people like come up to
us and say hey which is cool so if you
do if you guys do see us in public come
up to us and say hey we're totally cool
with it and snap a pic - if you want
careful you don't want to go swimming do
ya okay does that duck only have one leg
is it resting the other leg I'm hoping
that time be that bath time huh did you
have fun day-to-day you got a haircut
you got a play with the duckies
all right we're gonna go ahead and the
vlog Brian is going to edit and we're
gonna relax for the night hope you guys
enjoyed it we had a really really fun
day and we're about to have a really
really fun week give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
soon
hey hey bye ollie say bye
I remember love the like fire hands
helped hide I was really getting by but
your eyes lie you decided to take a
chance take a chance on me who knew who
knew
yeah
