Miney Hey look mom are you doing
did you sleep good woody yeah look at
there's woody and your Boz and pillow
and that's so cool
you guys he slept all night in his crib
yeah yes your blinky I've put him to
sleep now twice every time I lay in the
bed just for a couple minutes with him
to help him like relax and calm down
yes I climb in here I've been doing that
forever it's not that hard to get in I
should be careful looks I might break it
anyways I just lay with him for just a
couple minutes and let him relax and
then I just get out and he goes to sleep
I think he's really comfortable and I
think that's what he was struggling with
I think he really enjoys sleeping in our
bed because it's like really comfortable
and of course we're there but I think
that he likes the blankets and the
pillows and stuff so are you comfy in
your new bed what's up guys did a lot of
work today on my iMac and I got a lot of
stuff done we are preparing for a lot of
different things right now I'm working
on obviously like original music I'm
working on getting equipment for covers
that I want to start doing on my channel
and we're also working on house stuff
because as you know Missy and I are
working on buying our first home which i
think is pretty dope and so all that
stuff just takes time and work and yeah
but I was sitting here and I wanted to
show you guys my album so I made this
really cool a photo album and I
basically got all the Polaroids that
I've taken so far unless it was like
blurry or like a crappy shot but I have
it in here
and I was going through it because I
just added all of the stuff from our new
talk show that's our first you touch see
that's our Portland trip that's when you
jarrod and your show over so it's cool
because I basically just put them in
order of when I take them so this is one
of the first photos I took in Utah just
last week of all the in Jackson playing
outside Ollie making a weird face
there's some more photos Missy holding
Calvin look at that little kid so cool
and then I have a really cool picture of
Ellie's mom and Calvin little Miss
Maisie Gaines and then this is us
basically at the beach house we got Miss
Maisie Gaines Ollie and all the kids
play and the beach Jared and I Missy and
I always sleeping on the beach memories
I love it please tell me what are we
doing I love good buddy we're gonna go
play yippee and where we gonna play
gonna pay gonna water
hey water lucky that's right we're gonna
go to the park and play and let them
play in that um the water they had like
a little spa area we've been to the park
a couple times one almost time to go to
ruin we're not wrong i always say that
raging waters yes we need to go back to
raging waters really should go on the
one-year anniversary is actually really
nice right now I mean we're looking at
hot upper 90s but I'm only wearing a
tank top because I got no tan no
farmer's tan no fart no he looks so good
tan Thanks how do I keep it up my
Holland's gonna laugh what if it goes
away I didn't win again they'll
definitely go away you don't like people
no he just looks so different feel like
and I look so white standing next to him
like wait about you're so tan tan tan
look at this beautiful park with water
and splash pad and so much fun and fun
activities to do doesn't look fine well
we basically failed because apparently
this park is being used for the
community for an event it's a free event
but you have to register to use the park
and actually I don't think we can go in
with Olly because it says ages 5 and up
like it's literally yeah on Tuesdays
from 3 to 5 so it's Tuesday it's 3
o'clock right now and they will not let
us in and it's really sad because
Oliver's like water water and they're
like no you're not allowed in you have
to pre-register and so I went online to
pre-register and on my phone and it was
like said registration ended last month
well we decided to drive about 30
minutes to the next splash park and so
we're here now at a lake Skinner and I
hear they have a pretty cool splash park
we just couldn't let Ollie not get to
play in the water huh you know play in
the water okay you wanna bring your
drill maybe you can fix the
the pumps there we've got your squirt
gun Oh squirt gun
you
you
I will say Olli I think this squash park
is way nicer come
you
you
all right we just left by my baby and I
think I finally picked out a rocking
tickle what I did it's so stressful I'm
not good at stuff like this I get really
stressed out especially because like I
don't like spending money I just want it
to be like perfect and nothing seems to
be perfect but this one I was really
comfortable I like the color but I
didn't love the texture but it had two
of the three we told them we were going
to dinner after and so he's been talking
about food ever since we walked into bye
baby so we're headed now to free birds
because it's right next to Bobby baby
and we're gonna eat some pretty doors I
love when we come to free birds and
Ollie gets a little baby burrito look at
that's mine
and that says yeah boy
happiness is indeed a warm burrito
perfect way to end the day hmm
good stuff mm-hmm she and I are
splitting a sonic blast VC's edition I
think it's me and you and Ollie because
oh it's all he getting more better skip
a little bit I don't know what's going
on because I can't feel it
he's going ham on it he's like that's
the best spoon I've ever had this is
actually the same Reese's that missing I
used to share when we were in high
school
Reese's blasts extra recess mm-hmm
sometimes we get a little crazy we do
extra extra recess we were feeling like
if we were more if we were feeling like
it was a pretty rough day yeah but today
was pretty good so we just got one extra
recess what it just makes it back to our
dating life yeah in high school whenever
we get him
you know whenever a tree says he goes I
think of being 17 years old is he still
eating this room some reason hey guys so
I was just editing today's vlog and I
realized we never ended it everyone is
literally sleeping Missy sleeping on the
couch we were watching the new season of
oranges into black and now ollie is
sleeping as well he's Farish to sleep so
it's just karma and I came in car come
here Oh karma and the ball always with
the
Oh anyway I am going into this vlog I
hope you guys do it it can please click
that thumbs up button and we are happy
friendly humble Oh see you guys tomorrow
her okay who cares
typical room I remember of the like fire
hands helped hide I was really getting
by but your eyes light you decided to
take a chance take a chance on me who
knew who knew
new week loom
