good morning guys I'm in the car and
last night was a bit stressful because
we are really trying to adjust a new
time change with oli and it was just a
rough rough night and this morning I was
trying to get him to go back to sleep in
about 7 o'clock I realized that I have a
doctor's appointment
and I don't intend a dark moment I'm
actually headed to my fetal echo
doctor's appointment which means they're
going to be checking the baby's heart
because if you didn't know the identity
scan they saw something that was a
little concerning and so they basically
just want to really do an in-depth look
at his heart and see whether or not
there is a blockage or I don't think
there's a blockage but just kind of look
at it and I think it's going to be the
same type of thing that that all I had
but yeah so I woke up like I need to go
right now and so I had to get ready
really super fat and Brian decided to
stay back with oli so that he could
sleep a little bit more so I'm with my
mom hi mom
good morning karma good morning karma
boy how are you did you miss us do Jimmy
Josh good fun with Cassie though huh do
you want to go get oli let's go
good morning guys just made Ollie
breakfast and he is screaming for momma
and that he's gonna be disappointed
because momma is gone at a doctor's
appointment so it's just Carmen uh-huh
let's go get Hey good morning blinky J
see that you totally do like a back leg
where I enter oh I bet you're hungry
aren't you
you hardly anything yesterday let's go
eat I actually got ready I did my hair
which I've done
like weeks and I feel so good because I
just I will say I was in Florida it's
like literally impossible to my hair in
Florida so I've just been you know just
roughing it I don't know I hope today is
a good day and hopefully we get good
news and we should hear the news today
as well so I'm really looking forward to
this appointment oh wait I have ice cold
milk waiting for you right there
you so excited you wanna get in your
chair and I'll get you some food
see daddy came through do you want food
okay I made Ollie a very hearty
breakfast this morning because I know he
hasn't he happy barely ate yesterday so
I know he's hungry so I made him some
little french toast pieces and some
oatmeal and some raisins good good job
he's getting so good with the spoon as
long as I loaded up he can do it good
morning Ollie I love you oh good job
that's a big bite at the big boy he did
it as for me this morning it's time for
me to get back on track it's Father's
Day and vacation kind of put a damper on
what I eat which is okay I enjoyed
myself and I didn't over indulge but
this one and I'm making a little
breakfast protein smoothie which will
help you throughout the day right after
breakfast all he asked for woody huh so
he got his Sheriff Woody doll which by
the way the Hat has been a my hay for a
while now and I pulled out our Disney
bedtime favorites and we're gonna read
the Toy Story story okay guess what
Bonnie looked excitedly out of toys
we're doing something really special
tonight the toys were carefully arranged
on Bonnie's bed they couldn't find out
they couldn't wait to find out what the
special something was but they stayed
motionless the little girl clap your
hands we're going on an adventure can
you clap your hands yay we're getting
our morning exercise in with a little
bit of batting practice here Ollie put
that on the top
there you go and now grab your bat and
swing swing swing yeah good job buddy
stand right here driving the ball keep
your eyeball it's most important thing
kay ready three two karma you're a good
outfielder oh my goodness that was a
good he's getting better all right we
just got out of my anatomy scan and I'll
probably end up talking about the
anatomy scan in depth in one of my bump
dates just cuz it's a lot to talk about
but judgment should be ya the speeds oh
yes I feel that echo not the anatomy so
you guys know everything is okay
everything's good pretty much the same
thing as Oliver so but I'll talk a lot
more about it in my bump date but now I
mean I'm um Rhett bye bye baby
and um this is so cute look this natural
wood oh I'm pretty sure the baby's just
going to be getting Oliver's crib I'm
about ready to pick out a toddler bed
for ollie we're looking at that plus her
really view to rocking chairs so we're
gonna look at that too and I was gonna
tell my friend but he just put all I got
for a nap so I'm gonna do this and then
maybe I'll bring Brian down sometime if
I find anything I like and I'm finally
ready for the day I have been working
like crazy on my computer it's the first
Monday since we were away and Father's
Day and so I had a ton of emails and
things to get sorted out making
appointments and stuff I'm actually
planning a lot of stuff for future music
and making sure everything lined up
properly as we continue working and
getting ready to maybe post some covers
on my channel in the meantime so while
we're working on original music also
putting out some cool covers for you
guys so if you're not subscribed to
youtube.com slash Bryan Lanning I'll
have a link below in the description I'm
almost to 100k on my channel which would
be really cool so go subscribe there
because I'm working on some cool stuff
but I put all young for an app and so I
use that opportunity to work and get
ready for the day finally hash tag dad
live hey Ollie what do you see
come on you see a move there is a move
that's a cow that's probably the coolest
cat I've ever seen I know he's actually
purple or she I think she is clearly as
she yeah he's obsessed he calls it a
move he calls a moon that's a cow can
you say cow oh come on God we've never
told him to say Moo but he just
instantly ran in the storm says oh when
Mike almost horns oh do causal points I
don't know part in the vlog where we
look really stupid yeah some I'm sure
someone is already explained it utters
surprise whore in the forms it's very
confusing do I look like a farmer is it
you don't even have a farmer's can so no
no look at that like a look at Mack no
oh by the way I'm back together with
Brian and Ollie and we're at the
furniture store you're looking for a
couple different things we're still on
the mission for each other bet they
don't have a selection of taller but
yeah bye my baby
we're also looking for 24-inch bar
stools or counter stools they're really
hard to find and the ones under counters
are broken so when you sit on them about
to fall off I am not sure what are these
days when one is about to fall it's
actually like playing roulette you don't
know who's gonna fall off that I had a
bunch of people over that like one of
the little kids was climbing I and I saw
it wobbling and I'm like oh it's gonna
crash so yeah they're really dangerous
right now and all I like to climb them
so it's definitely time we get some new
ones
what do you think about this Olly she
would just get you a twin hey Tuffy hey
close your eyes hey good job what do you
think about that buddy in one day yeah
they can't huh this is so cool
him and the new baby will love that and
their older brother can't play with the
car boom boom boom boom mm-hmm
so it doesn't really go that well we've
just been running around doing a little
bit of errands I was actually craving a
peach which if you guys didn't know I
ate like a million peaches well in
Florida I ran into the grocery started
just to get me a peach cuz that's what I
was wanting and I actually end up
getting a a white peach I did ALPA get
it on purpose
but they did seem a little different cuz
I'm not as fuzzy this is like seriously
a delicious peach wow it's really big
and juicy and I hate to say it but I
think it's both afford us
Oh No Ashland Georgia though I know
actually that probably comes from
Georgia
hey wait do we grow peaches in
California I'm sure coffee grows fruit -
it's hot tub family time are you getting
in how's it feel
yep I only said it to like 97 so it's
actually a really nice temperature yeah
the water eats women
why here we had a pretty early dinner
and I feel like the light is out for
longer three-member like comes a
circling stay out later what time to
hang out outside and I probably could be
in that pool but we have the pump
running that's still kind of dirty have
to be the water is clean but they I
they're like kinda green the bottoms a
little green so it just needs to be
cleaned by comes mom yes maybe should be
well more still can't look it I know I
am back I'm not even that Dan oh I got
really really tan and look at that no
farmers can let us see how tame you are
look at I'll see you're a little tan to
not much stuff we have a cute tan
getting yours is nice but yours is like
a golden e pan and we're just like we
down love tan I'm like dark I am short
dark and not that mysterious do women
like that ready let him jump yeah fine
too I guess three good job buddy make it
oh yeah you guys I couldn't even stand
it any longer I set up this woody pillow
and bed and he like loves it that's buzz
yeah woody
he isn't pretty singing excited bedtime
has been a little rough I'm getting back
on schedule and stuff so I set him up in
here here's get under it I'll read you a
buck mckeon alright you want to read
woody I even got Toy Story 3 book that's
sound good yeah alright lay back ah
are you excited you get to see what
William buzz they can go under your
blankets even yeah and I cute yeah it is
so adorable I can't even stand it yeah
that's pretty key lay down on your
pillow and show me close your eyes mMmmm
that's so cute all right guys we're
reading a book and we're getting ready
for bed we're going tonight
if you sleep good on your bed okay I'm
gonna go ahead and the vog we're going
to bed wish you luck on the new bedding
and just sleeping really he's just been
kind of a stinker ha we're gonna get you
a toddler bed kay we'll see if that
works
give me a thumbs up if you enjoyed it we
had a lot of fun today and tomorrow's
eBay II by going to buzz I love the like
fire hands helped hide I was really
getting by but your eyes lie you decided
to take a chance take a chance on me who
knew who knew
who knew
