what's up Valens welcome to another vlog
why am I talking so quietly
vitaliy where have you been I'm not been
slacking because the first date of our
movie my movie Toni's movie Simona's
moody we're making a Hollywood movie you
remembered this house a few weeks ago 40
million dollar house or got it for rent
we're shooting a movie here I'll put
down money you guys I'm telling myself
Thursday no guys yeah I'll show you guys
doing action they're working right now
they're working right now you come in
okay yeah because I want to show the
villains look at this look at that look
at this guys all right are you Brittany
I am oh this is Brittany okay nice
Brittany the Sasha
I brought the energy because yes 500
milligrams of edibles maybe that's why I
give an energy is the worst I'm still
hungover from those a villain so on the
real note I had to step out in the quiet
bedroom there's so many bedrooms in this
house but I invested in this movie we're
making a movie and I just want to say
villains thank you from the bottom of my
heart you wouldn't happen because of you
and this is just to show you if you guys
want something in life you can get it
like I always wanted to do movies maybe
it's repetitive what I say but I'm
trying to drill it through your brain
then literally like I was looking for
extra work on Craigslist to be behind of
real actors and now I'm playing a main
role in the movie in Los Angeles
it is crazy it's a slasher party movie
it's basically a horror film it's crazy
the script is insanely good can't wait
to share it with the real villains that
actually support me from day one because
I know some of the people I was like
some of the haters the haters they hate
it you kill the haters and silence and
success right
you kill them with success so it's like
if they'd hang it ah this is gonna be a
cheating mode yeah okay five villains I
had to leave I don't want to make
distractions today it's my first day on
set but I don't have any lines or I
don't have to be in I'm not in the
script I'm not in the movie today so so
I'm gonna go take care of more stuff if
you guys know why it was like slacking
here uploading instead I want to be
uploading every day but it's just so
hard to keep up when you have so many
projects you work outside of YouTube
like vitally fit vitally uncensored I'm
hyping you guys all up but it's all
gonna be worth it at that and now we're
making a movie it's a 10 day shoot a
horror film a horror film that's never
been seen before and that's the movie
before we do a crazy movie in August
that's so crazy that project became into
reality me and Tony sat down had an idea
and now this put it together making a
movie yeah I was like I think the words
manifest manifest and I just wanted to
say fuck Hollywood cuz you know know
like people do sometimes when I help you
all but they really don't but me and
Tony did this all alone he wrote it this
this I invested in we put in a project
together
we're shooting a real Hollywood movie so
for that I want to thank you villains
because without you this wouldn't happen
and just my mind is blowing but my mind
is more blowing or vitally fit and the
results I'm getting finally I'm getting
to look like I always wanted to look in
my dream life I can't wait to share this
video with you is getting inspiring I
don't see inspire you you guys gonna
start living differently now let's go
have a healthy meal 4 ounces of chicken
and some spinach yeah you heard me it's
all worth it at the end of this so for
the people that actually care you can
guys stick around I'm gonna show you
guys it's Sunday it's 11 o'clock at
night we're putting in work for this
transformation this is actually at the
double upload of today earlier we
uploaded a prank pranking milk so if you
guys haven't watched that go check it
out so right now we're doing chest and
I'm gonna show you actually instead of a
montage how I work out my chest
everybody's been asking me everybody's
messaging me puts here here and it
doesn't matter how much you guys live
doesn't matter how much you guys bench
it's not all one Oh No
let's get this work out that I stayed do
10 reps 4 sets 10 reps
all right guys so I'm about to bench two
45s one on 45 on this side one on this
side and when we first are the
transformation I was only doing what
like 10 on each side and I was buried
barely doing that but uh yeah it
definitely changed a lot I'm excited for
you guys to see this transformation
video it's about to be awesome guys
since you like to start like working out
all you have to do is like let me take
like what 30 minutes an hour out of your
day just bust out a quote work out and
consistency that's like the biggest
thing I realized and we're getting you
bigger did it yeah I've definitely done
in some size to me look at that dude
this is hilarious this guy couldn't even
do how do we know how many couldn't we
do 10 on each side 20 days ago look at
this guy look at this guy
those were the villains they're watching
you our month ago I'm not trying to show
you all but I'm gonna try to do three 45
in each side a villain someone I tried
to do three 45s on each side we are
hopefully gonna be able to spot me on
that if I drop it are you gonna be able
to lift it up I think is gonna flip you
over let's do it how about I put some
Rammstein hardcore music
let's go three
go down with
I'm gonna do all along yeah that's all
you it was all me I was all you three
times three 45s on each side it's not
bad I'm getting somewhere but obviously
I want to have a rib chest so I want to
take that off and do two 45s and a 25 in
each side ten times but this is what I
like to start with flat bench then way
to go in the incline to have the upper
chest to have that cot stay tuned guys
I'm gonna show you my explosive chest
work you want to be able to wear that Z
you want to be able to wear that V shirt
that v-neck you want that upper chest
you need that upper chest
commonsense simple guys like I said this
is a gym log wanted to get guys
personally I wanted to talk about all
debates doing this every single day
every single fucking day and we're not
bored we love it it's a lifestyle yeah
guys like I said we love working out
every every day every day not
our villains now about to do some flies
we're about to do them differently we're
about to do one handed but the question
is Leo should I do it so you take off
the jacket yeah yeah dude fuck it might
as well but we can't show the ABS I mean
I don't know I mean I mean we still have
20 days dude you're freaking honestly
dude you look a little small really do
you work out more see ya I like to
squeeze do the fucking tank top in your
hair how did it become a tool 101 being
taped up that's his lid on it blonde
hair look II don't care dude nothing's
better working out at 11 o'clock at
night nobody's at the fucking jam piece
it's like everybody wants to be ripped
but nobody wants to do the diet that's
the problem these days mean what a
fucking stuck to the diet okay yeah I
definitely realized that the dollars
like super key so you tell me I look
fine dude okay like I guess I mean
they're gonna find out March 15
yeah March 15 is the big day show it to
use them a little bit how the screen is
blurred up are villains now we're gonna
get that lower that little stool and
squeeze it right here
proud you forgiven let's dude Donna see
cure he thinks it's big
Wow I don't think I'm big I have a lot
of work to do
yeah did honesty zero results really
little dude honestly ridiculous I'll bet
you're kidding
fucking psycho over there fucking this
guy doing guys who is this tool what the
hell
who do you think you are bro
little Arnold Arnold junior I'm
competing villains that was my biggest
secret competing in two weeks against
myself if you guys are new here haven't
subscribed yet I wouldn't blame you if
you don't I feel like this is such a
douche is the attribution is vlog
villains you guys know I'm just playing
around and for you guys that's new in
this channel it's not that it's not as
bad as it looks we're gonna make funny
videos we'll make vlogs and we make game
blogs so if you haven't subscribed and
became a villain and part of a little
family make sure you subscribe right now
and smash the thumbs up button if you
like my games also I don't know I'm not
saying some of you guys might be jealous
but if some of you are that's nobody's
fault except yours because you're
watching probably drinking diet coke or
Mountain Dew and like wow
vitaliy gym is open at 11 o'clock at
night at 3 in the morning it's your life
your choice to choose what time do you
want to go and how often and how big you
want to get my choice is to vlog and
provide condom for you guys every single
day natales a freaking machine this
guy's been non-stop around the gym like
what what is he doing now
vice for the girls tries for the guys
what the fuck this guy is insane I
really can't keep up with this guy
this guy what I can't keep up with you
dude what do you mean dude you're going
from here to there to there like you're
going all by the way villains right now
we're doing upper chest I'm sorry it's
hard to breathe who drinks pre-workout
at 11 o'clock at night psycho ass like
me
squeeze it my associate I working out
over here he can't hear me just
headphones in but he's thinking how he
thinks he's big
jakey's not gonna lie guitar is pretty
big but everyone in the comments right
now comment that he looks small that's
Mauro when he sees this video upload
isn't like Leon why is everyone comedy
that looks more came funny try 16 days
left villain 16 15 days 16 days 16 days
and the hard most hardcore died but you
guys don't understand one thing that
March 15 comes yeah my died is over but
I can't go back to being fat coz you're
up them enough summers coming up gotta
look good I mean the he's to be fed it
all year round but is it hard yeah he
has to be a lifestyle but it's all about
balance something that I didn't know
that before balance you do that you
drink too heavy or you got pretty quiet
it's got all clear Rammstein
I don't know it's my card over today all
right guys just finish the gym had an
amazing workout like I said whatever you
guys doing right now just go to the gym
smash those dumbbells do whatever make
sure you smash that thumbs up button but
right now I want to show you guys
something I was working on this video a
day ago and that's why I missed the
upload because I couldn't get it but
here's the proof what I was trying to do
this is ridiculous yeah I know I know
you want me to eat you but I'm not gonna
eat you I got to get the gains bro the
gains man you don't know the game job
the fucking gains for days that's how it
works no but you know I understand I
understand but I gotta show the villains
the best six-pack you could ever
possibly imagine getting it yeah the
cookie said it wants to eat you wanna
see me yeah what do you say I'm down
yeah I dude it's like fucking crazy yeah
I'm so fucking nervous because I feel
like now we're following and it's like
baiting him for real
yeah that's what I was trying to do I
was basically trying to get pulled over
by a cop like I'm talking on the phone
but really it's a cookie the cookie
wants to eat me but I can't eat the
cookie because I gotta get fuckin gains
damnit people don't understand how hard
it is but it's all the same shit that
was like guys if you want to see me
finish the spring you smash that thumbs
up button because it's a risky prank
it's a ballsy but when you want to get
pulled over the cops they'll pull you
over but when you don't want to get
pulled over the cops don't pull you over
sorry the pre-workouts still in still
going crazy but hi guys it's a double
upload today if you didn't see the milk
prank make sure you go watch it at the
previous video and thank you guys so
much for you love support make sure you
subscribe I love you guys it's your life
your choice do whatever the fuck you
want to do
don't let anybody control your life it's
yours and only your's so do what you
want to do in this life love you guys so
much and I'll see you tomorrow soo
Daniel
