yeah that was me check it out a man
deserting his ass I'm only allowed to
look at that ass
not you not to strangers and if the
strangers look at that ass I'm gonna be
very upset
I can't wait to spread Nutella on that
ass
Wow you sure is it what's up man gotta
look at my girlfriend's ass like that
sure yeah why why you want to fuck her
out his best huh yeah I'm the king of us
you know yeah sure yeah he's looking at
us I don't know that nice mouse man nice
muscles do you live do I'm not gonna
fight you I'm sorry Carly you don't you
skip leg days yeah you're chicken like
that yeah yeah I just look at her girl
of my god I'll keep on looking keep on
moving
yeah I'm not gonna miss United States of
America are you from here yeah but did
if you're trying to rape her just let me
know who's trying to write boo you
looked at her like wow you want to spray
the cello in her ass
why not your legal I'm illegal I'm gonna
say to her I'm gonna send you back
merica well I'm in legal legal so you
can go back I got a call take care of
you girl I a little more juicy your neck
are you Lee I'm going with him we're
gonna make me go with him oh really
no come here no no are you serious he
seriously she's gonna be are you gonna
be such a slut
sup yeah oh yeah this is
huh you gonna look at her ass like that
Oh real are you serious I'm just walking
what you're gonna do what you're getting
your fists for I'm not gonna fight you I
just want to ask you what you trying to
do right you trying to show you little
shit cuz you got a little song what
little doubt bro I'm telling you a
boring right now so what I'm coming to
your walking oh your love come on
Wow
thirsty much thirsty thirsty yeah she
actually looks alright get lucky man
yeah you wanna you wanna share we're
down to fuck I actually want a sip like
I dig down a little white girl you want
to see a black man dig down a little
licker
yeah you might uh I got a boy that might
but uh my girl is like why don't we have
a foursome so she's alright but your
girl were gorgeous you're gonna give you
a girl more credit you want to see a
picture every day we can't oh my gosh
you two 13 year olds 13 year olds yeah
what's up yeah beautiful woman yeah but
you were checking out her ass is gonna
cost your prize dude you wanted you try
to have a threesome or what no come on
come on brother
that's her only you me Theresa well I
share sharing is caring she's a cool are
you serious I just walked away to get a
phone call and you're already talking to
her are you trying to eat that ass just
be honest
so you're gay beautiful I'm straight
what do you give her 1 out of 10 2.5 are
you ok
just fucking gorgeous well if you don't
want to bang you want to watch us bang
and you squirt I didn't know kick out of
there with you're gonna jerk off in the
corner oh yeah man oh man
why would it drunk off something like
that I'll bet I just have it better I
just said you can what you said you
don't want it
she's a quarter you can't afford a
quarter bro she's a trainee it's a guy
this is you want to check that's a
that's a guy it's hard to believe it
well welcome 2016 surgeries are good
these days
she's a guy she's a guy Lloyd just he's
gorgeous
yo you need some shades why do you look
at my girlfriend's ass while you look at
that's my girlfriend's ass I saw you
just idly you had to about thank you but
at least next time you like yell
excuse me girl like I want to check out
your ass they want to check it out more
not huh because like a man would come up
and be like yo I like you I want to
check out your ass I want to bang you
but you're like man man it's not like
bang is just appreciating our you know
our like can we go to a museum yeah
you're not going to take like the Mona
Lisa off the wall okay get it appreciate
it and then keep on going
white why'd you look at my girlfriend's
ass why'd you look at my girlfriend's
ass you just looked at her ass dude no
no you just looked at her ass dude
Oh G oh my god Oh what would you do that
no no no no I don't tell my mom
I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
must be nice huh
it must be nice just confused what's up
what what's up did I tell you to come
over here why'd you come at me sideways
oh because you look at my girlfriend's
ass let's meet your girlfriend think
summer out it's a freedom speech but you
came at me like you want to fight you
want to fight why'd you come up to me
like that like like starting to enable
isn't out of the ordinary problem a good
day to day bro I don't need this I'm
starting shit because I'm having a super
horrible day my fucking boyfriend
cheated on me and Shidler
thanks oooh fuck I can't even walk
outside of my door for two seconds
without a guy looking at her ass why'd
you look at her ass like that dude
one great little girl looking apologize
to her dude you're gay
nah this is fucking ridiculous you know
what come put the fucking seconds I can
fuck this is mine like that lazy you
look like a model but you shouldn't be
checking out at random but it's okay
okay okay no you're I'm sorry cheer up
and say hey you look great
though the could be we gotta get out of
it we gotta move to Idaho cuz he looks
like he looks fake you look so good
that'll be thick no no it looks fake
like it's somewhat like you're shooting
something that nobody knows about it
yeah
well we're actually shooting a video ah
there we're getting something really
like just case you must kick my ass
meseta hey wait what what did you say
I'm not really gay but I just wanted to
say that in case you were gonna kick my
ass ah that was dude you're amazing
sporty big
