yep that was me when I was 18
you guys probably watching this video
because everybody wants to know the
story behind it that day I did take
viagra but that shit didn't work for the
first time ever I'm gonna tell you why I
did that porno and in this video you're
also going to learn a lesson that
success doesn't come overnight it all
started when I was seven years old I was
watching The Terminator I was so amazed
by that movie I never seen anything like
that before and I wanted to be just like
Arnold Schwarzenegger I'll be back I
wanted to act I wanted to move to
America and be in the movies
I wanted my name and fuckin lights we
moved to America when I was a little kid
it was nothing like I expected it to be
do you know how hard it is to make
friends when you don't speak any English
I would go home and cry every single day
because I couldn't talk to anybody
my dad would yell at me call me a
fucking idiot piece of shit
make fun of me told me I'm gonna be the
biggest failure in life so since my mom
didn't speak any English - she would
give me a piece of paper with 100 words
translated from Russian to English and
we will go over it for hours when she
will learn them all so nobody knows this
but I had a brother she was extremely
smart he would be that student that you
would want to look over and be like damn
he's gonna get a name for sure so I got
a copy of him me I was just a fuckup so
when I was 15 years old I got a job as a
garbage collector in the hot Florida
summer Sun I was going around and
picking up other people's shit five
bucks an hour you got to start somewhere
right second job Uncle Sam literally
uncle fucking Sam on the side of an
intersection spinning a sign twenty
bucks
every three hours fucking pathetic but I
did it because I needed the money
my next job a busboy would you like some
water sir can I take your plate sir all
do you want to check let me go tell my
server sir so at this point things were
ok I mean I had a little pocket money I
had a few friends because I finally
learned how to speak English and there
was that one day worst day of my life my
mom wakes me up hysterically crying
shaking so I keep asking her what's
wrong what's wrong and she just kept
shaking me I'm like what's wrong and she
couldn't talk I'm like raise everything
okay and she just couldn't talk she was
trying to say something but the words
just didn't make sense and when she
finally was able to speak she goes
your brother just passed away
it was a very bad dark day of my life
that we'll probably never forget
my mom and I were completely heartbroken
my stabbed dad he was shattered in
pieces that was really horrible to see
that and have that type of energy in the
house he was crazy but after this he
just became a psycho he would take all
his frustrations out on me and my mom if
I drink the cup of tea and I didn't put
a cop in the dishwasher or he would beat
me
it was bad and then my mom I had to see
my mom get beat up I did what I could
I stood up for her but he was just
unstoppable I was afraid for my life
I was really thinking it's either he
gonna kill me or my mom I was a busboy
at a point and I got a promotion to be a
waiter I was making a little more money
but still not enough to move out we were
stuck with a psychopath because at least
I was better than being homeless
emotionally it wasn't worth it but we
had food we had water we had roof over
our heads so yeah one of my Russian
homeboys one day calls me up and goes I
wanna shoot for bangbros at this point I
was a waiter and I was desperate for
money I had to move out
so I had to do it
I'm glad even performed well because if
I did I would have been in the porn star
tool today and that's not what I wanted
to do I wanted to be a movie star not a
fucking porn star in the end was it
worth it totally because I took that
money and moved my mom out and myself to
Los Angeles and we never had to see the
crazy stepdad again so while it was a
way that I was thinking like Oh a
director is gonna come and be like I
like this guy's look and cast me to be
on fucking movies and now I look back at
it and the way I sound I sound
ridiculous
so I want to take the matter in my own
hands I started a YouTube channel
because I see Bieber and everybody's
getting discovered in YouTube when I
first started YouTube it was super hard
I got 63 subscribers in like three or
four months it was horrible and I quit
I'm not gonna like quit like for about
3-4 months it's like you know what let
me try it again nothing around 30 video
somewhere around there one of my videos
went viral super viral and I came home
and I ripped off my tie and I said mom
I'm famous and she started crying he's
like how you gonna pay your bills are
you gonna do this I just watched and at
that point I didn't know you can make
money on YouTube
people think I'm overnight success it
was a lot of hard work I mean look what
I started my transition into America
my crazy stab dad working those horrible
jobs
my brother dying embarrassing myself in
that porn video and then having to work
my ass off to make a youtube work that
was 18 years trying and failing and
trying and failing a fighting struggle I
mean I would be probably sitting on my
ass at home but I'm living my childhood
dream and I'm thankful for that anybody
can do what I did thank you guys for
everything thank you for supporting me
throughout the years believing your
dreams okay guys thank you so much for
watching this video I know it's a little
different but I had to get it off my
chest one thing that I didn't talk about
is my journey on YouTube everybody's
asking me how do you do YouTube how do
you start well if you want to do what I
did check out this awesome
fucking podcast is going to teach you
everything click the link in the
description below thank you guys and
trust me she want to listen to this
podcast cause it's fucking awesome
