what's up guys today I'm with dude Suns
and we're doing the feud old hammering a
nail through the ear challenge we're
gonna give Natalya good old shooters
piercing right
is this really what I'm doing oh this is
gonna go through my ear I never had
piercings ever because I'm scared of
things going through my ear and I'm
gonna get a nail you know what
please nail it let's nail it my mom says
don't do it you're gonna get a brain
damaged but already have a brain damaged
so it doesn't matter
join the love yes let's do it all right
so like get up brain damage if I don't
hear you right we got the worst guy
hammering the nail by the way these
hands I'm just really if I don't hit the
now I'm gonna hit your brain with what
is this like a moment of silence no
words just looking up to you are you
gonna step up my stuff so how do I do
this can you put your ear on it he's
gonna doing the work so basically I'm
gonna be getting nailed doggy style
oh yeah but I think your nose done it
before so he sees pretty good idea you
know I don't know which one I'm more
worried about if he's gonna hit the nail
or your head or you know but but yeah
you uh you with your ear there and do
the doodles like down as possible like
I'm fucking inside my ear don't clean my
ears with the nail
what a great idea is the nail earplug
you sharing that moment of excitement do
I hold a year or I'll let you do
everything are you it's a free year
piercing you don't get that a lot uh-huh
oh wait wait wait wait why don't I feel
the nail are you just gonna go straight
into like can I at least feel the like
that it's touching me or remember don't
rip it don't do anything in there huh do
you feel it now
wait what made it huh do you feel the
nail it's at the nail is that the nail
Oh yours this July's
Danny Donnell yeah that's the nail okay
are you you hear you feel that right no
I'm pretty sure you feel the nail now
I'm pretty sure that's a guy's face is
really afraid
oh wow won't forget it that's a good
that's like a that's like a that's like
a three okay it's like a - all right
that's like a one yes there it is
somebody's calling yeah can you do see
we've mesh up you with your nurse mama
I can still see that should we should we
nail me into the other end we'll have a
go yeah okay unite United Pearson yes
make sure you nail him as hard as you
nailed me are you guys ready just go
uh-huh
two three five
vibration oh there you go guys are you
fucking see
I'm not sure and I ring ah ah do not
move Oh
do not move everybody ah she where we
should go tonight mobile emergency I
told you don't break up with me you will
never burn you know what it's like how
to bros u 9 by piercing each other
together
let's get a chicken dance it's like oh
let's I take it out I don't laugh it's
fine I think this is gonna hurt even
more
oh shit no no no no is it plays it aah
these are you get pierced in Finland
okay okay wait wait why is there another
break it's like ah ah
mm ah oh shit
is there something else in my ear not
strangely uh yeah shoot ah you're all ah
is it yeah the nail is there oh yeah
sure keep the net we try to keep I will
oh well it's just that your ear oh oh
wait wait wait
holy me what the fuck is going on oh
what the fuck
oh you want this Oh what is going on yes
why does it hurt more oh ah it's out
it's not no it's not no it's not hey
guys huh oh yeah yeah you did it male
brothers
I nailed it anytime I need a handy work
at home I'm calling you thank you
wait is there pop yes dear I got nailed
thank you go and check out an episode we
just posted on do to his channel half an
hour of craziness and mayhem and Deacon
deep inside his head why Vitaly is
Vitaly make sure you click here or the
link in the description don't forget to
thumbs up this video if you want to see
more crazy challenges with Dudesons see
you next time he's back am i I think so
