yeah why are you hiding your drugs look
at the pipes and everything you have
it's a needle no it's a it's a dabbler
huh what is that cleans your gums with
oh yeah I'm not stupid I smoke weed too
let me see that it's just a dabber have
you every dollar I don't want any
trouble did I do anything against the
loved and now you tell me the truth you
just shove this up your ass why that's
so funny but no no no we got a report
there's a mand penetrated a dog and I'm
just wondering if it was you or not good
no huh no no cool nice okay but just be
honest you just smoke weed you smoke
weed yes or no
oh yes officer so why do you got a cat
and I got a card and stuff you got a
card you know this card in the state of
penetration doesn't mean anything please
penetration what is this shit about the
dog we just got a phone call the you
just sold crack down the street was that
you know african-american male glasses
is that you right crack crack now what'd
you do what'd you do I know you got
something in your pockets what you got
let me suck that dick what why let me
suck tit huh you heard me you think you
think I'm kidding
give me this is that what come here I'm
gonna have to give you a ticket officer
you Celebes suck what oh you're gonna
snitch on me it's my last day I don't
care dude I don't care I'm done with my
work I just fucked my boss I don't give
a shit dude I gave up Donald Trump is
becoming a president the world's going
downhill who gives a shit what to do
anymore
you want to do it pow pow pow quickly
oh this is good you want some brah whoo
I'm so wavy what was bullsháá what's
up is that you which is gonna call about
you
we're just gonna call about you for what
what you are you harassing those people
over there
what people you just chucked the dog I
saw it yeah I'm the food I just talked
to chuck the dog yeah oh I'm so ready
for this lawsuit okay
the cameras roll but that was me right
Chuck what I took the dog I'm just gonna
give you a ticket sir what for being
sexy in public you can't be doing this
Oh sir okay okay what lawsuit who are
you gonna sue somebody somebody's
accusing you on my lawsuit
who's lawsuit your high shit yeah you're
smart you're smoking heroin yeah oh I
know I just get happy fuck actually
enjoy bro have a good day
oh fuck what's up I was like what the
fuck is happening order wrong black guy
the wrong black dude wait what wrong I
was thinking I was like I just got the
wrong also you talked me off - uchi
black lives matter
oh yeah Oh fucking pee deep man oh yeah
I looked at the badge and I was like
yeah white people to get badge numbers
but he doesn't have a badge number I
give me your badge number sir like I'm
my freakin dad I won't get my dad to
kick your ass
the why he try to steal his camera wait
wait why'd you say why because what I
don't try to steal you know but you said
why because what because I'm black
oh hell no I can make you white in two
seconds let me jerk off for a second Oh
put it up up up up up up oh yes I'm a
cop I'm a cop it's my last day so I
don't give a shit I'm gonna put you to
jail because you gotta I've been to jail
all my fucking friends are there take me
back all right let's go
hey but by the way no no no no oh yeah
you want to you drop the soap you how
many times you drop the soap before I
never drop this oh yeah I do the fucking
you did the fucking I do too fucking
yeah the best hello
he really wants to fuck me fuck me fuck
me
ha ha ha why did you chase me I'm horny
wait is that a real gun huh wait a
minute why did you just give me too many
Glocks so you can enjoy your day because
I'm a good cop
are you really cop no I'm your worst
nightmare
see you like to give fuck what huh huh
nothing soliciting for prostitution was
that you
what hundred dollars an hour that's be
right
are you sure it was it you know anybody
to see anyone there
that's not you so your twenty dollars an
hour
five an hour we got it we got a call
there's a solicitation for prostitution
here was that one of you guys
how'd you guys swing or not can I give
you a ticket I guess if you take it real
quick what yeah totally giving you a
guy's okay
no yeah an envelope with $20 you got
camera yeah well no water give me the
$20 the shit about the dog is that
you're gonna drop the soap today and I'm
gonna witness it huh trap yourself you
going in you're getting a ticket
all right well give me a kiss gee what
are you doing officer
you're not a real officer what do you
mean I'm not a real officer I just want
to kiss what the hell's going on
oh wait this guy's filming us what guys
filming us this is a fucking just a lot
just because you're a fucking Austin
sport he is $20 ticket this 20 bucks for
you enjoy your day I can't get any more
better reaction today thanks dude you're
awesome oh yeah let me buy the button if
you go mad about any about a hundred
motherfuckin dollars a hundred my
fucking dollars he owed me like a
fucking dollars
fuck that fuck about you RJ
