what's up YouTube I miss you
I've been gone for quite a while but
today I'm back in the very big way we
begin with breaking news a man has
climbed the Hollywood sign good evening
I'm Michael over and I'm cher Calvin
we've seen him waving a white flag that
says I'm back there it is Timlin is
overhead and sky five with these live
pictures Tim now we're up covering the
Trump rally down at the Kimmel show but
right now we have a guy named Vitali up
here on the D of Hollywood sign up on
Mount Lee he's got a sign up saying I'm
back he's apparently has a YouTube
channel that has a billion followers
batali is it over esky scaled the 45
foot letter D of the Hollywood sign back
to our breaking news event believed to
be a YouTube prankster has climbed the
Hollywood sign Timlin monitoring the
situation overhead in sky 5 Tim as you
can see LAPD air 16 just arrived on
scene here they're keeping an eye on him
he just climbed down behind the D of the
Hollywood sign you see him right there
on the ladder
they've already directed ground units to
come up here as well with Park Police
well Pat Paul he's on the tee from the
Hollywood sign and he had a flag like
you said earlier on it says I'm back I
don't know where he was before but
apparently he is back
LAPD's here as well you can see one of
their helicopters right overhead they're
using their loudspeaker right now to
tell this person to get off of the sign
also we know that they have ground units
in route they want to get this guy into
custody he is up here on the side it is
trespassing very unusual sight for sure
he had a flag earlier on don't know if
we have some tape but he was waving it
around very clearly said I'm back it may
all be a stunt a man climbing the
Hollywood sign sky 9 shows him waving a
flag that says I'm back which then flies
away you can see him using his phone
like he's recording himself
LAPD choppers 5 News choppers what is
going on right now this is insane then
climbs down an attempt to grab his flag
but then climbs right back up prankster
vitalyzdtv as he is known came down on
his own and back apparently into another
familiar spot police custody guy
climbing up on the Hollywood sign it's
very well protected cameras all the way
around it's they knew as soon as he
cleared the fence that somebody was
there and LAPD was on it pretty quick
but you can see right there walking down
the hill the long walk down yeah Tim he
climbed the letter D you can fill in the
blank with your own adjective I
understand there were drones in the area
that may have been filming this escapade
do you see any of them and if so that's
got to be making the police a little
angry as a YouTube prankster moments ago
climbed to the top of the Hollywood sign
he is now standing in handcuffs he is in
custody under arrest our coverage
continues on the other side well you see
what's up with him now Tim Linden sky 5
Tim a fairly predictable outcome
absolutely he knew this was coming Park
Police got him about halfway down the
hill
LAPD air unit kept an eye on him all the
way from the top of the D of the
Hollywood sign all the way down the hill
to the viewing area now you see LAPD
regular officers they're not seen with
mark police escorting this subject down
to the black-and-white and off to the
gray bar hotel he'll be heading
he just said hello to us on the way down
he was really friendly so yeah he didn't
seem to faze that he got arrested zero
vets ki told us he enjoyed his time up
there it's nice and peaceful
I see the whole away
was really nice and peaceful thought
about my life and where it went it's
good villains missed me they really
missed me the villains and I have to
show him who is back and actually born
pranksters nothing can stop us
you
