I have a 1964 Cadillac convertible and
so how long have you had this kind of
like I probably had about 15 years or
did it matches you yeah it's like a good
match it's like what what do you enjoy
about your car what do you love to do
with your car we just love the family
that we build in you know and you know
when we see each other it's like we've
known each other for years
wait hey are those guys with you right
there hey hey hey are we gonna get
attention to this Roberts car here we
got some people what are you doing in my
car getting gas
were you getting fucking gas on my car
yeah why are you doing that for
because cuz why yo what are you doing
good I know this looks bad you know
relax why would you do that
cut the fuck out mister how does it look
whoa car nice car gotta work all right
car Hey look put your left all right car
get the fuck on my car what am i you
never get relaxed let me get my gas okay
let me get my guests relax okay hey you
wanna ask for fuckin money
I will give you money don't touch
people's fuckin car
you need kiss what's your name girl why
you have to be a blusher we give kiss to
each other sir do you want your ass
kicked
you shot and get the police coming
Robert are you talking shit motherfucker
come on on the fucker come on
motherfucker come on come on my fucker
you are fucking me let's go one gallon
but one gallon for my moped one gallon
for my moped
don't hit me with a belt please please
please
you're giving it to us bill please keep
this on film oh please he doesn't want
to talk if you wanted his name so don't
Whoopi
