your biggest fan get it hello hold on
say okay thank you
yeah
American police
bring your camera offices your camera
your camera round then so let the break
over pull over go get that camera out of
my face and go okay production I'm going
to look I'm going to find out who he is
okay officer officer relax you don't
have to do this what I have to break
with it I'm just going to find out who
you are right now you're seeing me oh
why you wife is a coma let up okay roll
over
listen to me you're fine listen stop
stop crying let's stop stop resisting
honey listen to me
you understand what I'm telling you or
not
what's up turn around for us turn around
hey don't leave Ames with me you
understand me what am i doing I'm doing
acting classes out don't break my arm yo
don't break my arm
the reason I stopped because what I
thought I saw was use grabbing a girl
higher throat you okay yeah can you give
a kiss I cannot give you on the cheek
smoking
why are you grab baby yeah y'all let go
let go let go of me I'm not Lord
what are you doing what are you doing
what are you guys doing
no I'm not allowed to smoke yes this is
the people here I don't know which one
is one of you your life your choice 60
seconds
after being arrested for a bomb hoax
police say pretending to have a bag with
an explosive in it ready one two three
we got 30 seconds let's go go
9-1-1 what is your emergency hi there is
a robbery I just saw somebody jack into
an ATM Bay number one what is your
emergency
all right there are three metal
gentlemen and black black clothing that
just robbed an ATM on Woodruff evidence
someone else just called for they white
guys are black guy they were working how
many of them you agree at least three
and one of them drove up in a black SUV
this time they pretend to smash open an
ATM loaded with cash but apparently not
everyone was laughing
