that's not bad
no that's not your bags ok that's not
your bag I have to deliver in the
package no I have to deliver my ball
excuse me yes he doesn't want to give me
the package yes
I need my package hey you want to go to
jail you want to go to jail because we
could do this ok get going now
I've been to jail for a very long time
ok keep going
well do that with someone else ok ok you
over there on top of the building ok you
can go
yeah fire the shot pleasure doing
business with you sir thank you that's
my back take my fucking bag what are you
doing you understand man is this the
dead baby is that ain't no dead baby
Ronnie crazy what do you mean I'm a do
you know who I am I don't give a fuck
who you are man this is my bag get out
if you keep talking to me like that
you're feminine that I find you or don't
worry about it
I think you like this is not your bag
you telling no are you sure I'm positive
are you sure I'm positive it is the
better forget it man why you don't make
me fucking eat you this is not your man
this is not yours
this is not yours maybe maybe I did make
a mistake I don't know maybe all the
sudden you want to talk listen to me are
you the right guy the code what's the
password for this cold intercept
oh good one try to hook me up with
something man I mean you know you made a
mistake you are just so mad that oh yeah
because you caused havoc in my day so
you got to give me like they know who I
am I don't care who you are man I'm just
trying to straighten this out so we can
both go our way you're not that guy but
listen to me since I transaction failed
you do not tell anybody anything that
happens yet okay you didn't see anything
I saw nothing I don't know I will find
you and all right man all right just
take it easy
have a great day hi I think the Speck
were supposed to be for you thank you
this is my back this is my back my back
give them certain is your back here take
it take it
let's push the train sir
what are you John
are you John excuse me hello hello da in
you snagged or and he's now one at the
one okay
hello sir yes transactions completed
excuse me
what do you mean what I'm doing I'm a
Russian kid man okay make this clear
okay I don't want to take out yes I am
the only see it the only see the only
way you're gonna see this gun is when I
put a bullet in your head I was just
saying don't touch my shit no you come
here for a second
listen to me is that is that you is that
you who I supposed to meet a black
african-american person here and deliver
him the cash is this yours
is this yours you wanna make a switch
you can make a switch broke I think I am
the person you say African American I
don't know I just think you said it you
should have said it more clear he just
grabbed my shit I think I wasn't
supposed to happen
you did the guy I want to call the girl
I don't want to confuse you I want to
take nobody's drug money
issues became at me disrespectfully I'll
just graduate but if you want to make a
switch I can happy go get another tablet
are you sure what do you want okay I'll
take one take one you did not see
anything you did not say okay you didn't
say excuse me sir
the business with you was absolutely
fantastic than we did last week my boss
told me to give you some extra cash for
it so it was very nice meeting you what
are you doing this might enjoy your bath
water who is me is who are you now who
is me
okay I'm from Russia what
oh yeah you're really gonna hit me look
at this are you on top of the building
over there look at this you're telling
me this is not yours huh excuse me sir
yes we spoke last week this is Albemarle
well I guess not anymore
Hey what scuse me I don't know I don't
know did you take it no it was you what
do you don't know nothing what happened
oh you didn't see anything right
