what's up guys it's so hot in California
today that I decided to fry some eggs on
people's cars
yeah I'm just cooking bro my stove broke
my stockbroker dude my stove broke my
stove broke I'm sorry dude your car your
car your car is nice bro your car's
there in us dude what are you doing this
is what you get for sleeping with my
girlfriend bro yo you need a park better
alright cuz I just egged your car right
here you look at your parking job bro
I'm sorry would you make my car look at
all this fucking parking over here
so what dude you don't fucking parking I
guess I'm sorry look my car though
because it looks cute but look at all
this fucking parking over here why the
fuck would you take my car I know what
are you gonna do about it I'm sorry
didn't park like a fucking egg you it
with with shaving cream
how you gonna face how you gonna add me
what if I beg you are you serious dude
yeah you act my fucking cross fucking
dirtbag
you jerk yeah that wasn't me dude I saw
somebody cooking in your car that wasn't
me you want some eggs bro 9999 sex bro
is do you want dude do you know who did
this you know that was that guy that was
that guy really it's a plastic egg
luckiest plastic how to whoop your
motherfucking ass in one day you're a
fast dude you run from the cops like
that did you bill
oh is this your car ix your car I'm
sorry
hey somebody just egged my fucking car
bitch get down here with the bellman cuz
I'm not playing my shit was already key
my nigga what are you doing no no no no
he does no don't
did you egg my car yeah you want some
tomatoes I don't want no tomatoes why
the fuck would you add my car what do
you cuz that is why would you add my car
I hacked her car bite me why would I
fight you fight me cuz you add my car
girl fight me fight me right now no no
hey what are you guys doing hey cog okay
come up here come right here come over
don't either
I'm not doing anything
tomato it's clean it off ah you don't
want no issues clean it off unless you
want to fight me can I give you a
massage you want to fight me man the
core man that's why I think he got the
cane
wow you're awesome
you
