oh man only got five bucks huh we only
got five bucks they say you're the guy
who does the glory hall where I can suck
a cock get your own guy wrong guy that's
you bro come on lose man moon fuck come
on
you want me hit you in your face come on
let me do it man you want me to slap you
come on let me suck it you just one just
one suck why would you be mad at me you
need to get out of my face come on dude
come on please man you need to get out
our I'm sorry that's not you they said
it was you with a girly shirt in love
it's my mother what about my mother
really what about your father also your
father come on you make this
I
yeah
ah
wake up are you really well you have a
mask on your prankster no it's very hard
to talk it's for a retarded child excuse
me guys
can I take a picture of you wait what
it's gonna take a picture of you I like
him what like that yeah let me do it
you're not John from Craigslist gay for
pay thing fuck yeah you trippin though
are you sure you told me to bring a
stack of cash cuz it's gonna be you and
I'm gonna be fuckin you're trippin you
hear what hears about that life huh G
are you sure so what if I give you a
kiss fuck out yeah I still own your ass
100% dawg what are we gonna do what
about sucking milk out of your tits be
serious I know I know we're good I'm not
violent he's getting viola surprise
massage who are you surprise massage
yeah free massage big boy Wow
you like that shit is gonna cost you
your tip this is going to cost the tip
you're addicted your penis you like
happy ending know about massages extra
ok now I'm going to sleep Oh God relax
alright shut up you shut up you fucking
Yahoo yeah I'm talking about yeah fuck
you white boy oh how are you gonna do
nice one get my straw try it again oh oh
yeah yeah sure
yeah shit well you're shit what yeah
shit so close up go fuck yeah shit
myself
uh-huh get up out of here you are you it
was what Saul could get out your figured
I do so long Kurt yeah Nina give me some
or not loser get the fuck outta ya
