what's up guys up in Venice Beach and
today I'm going to be getting girls
panties but what they do not know is
that for every penny that I get is that
I'm going to donate $100 to cervical
cancer let's see how many we can get you
mind if I borrow your panties
dude you mind if I borrow your panties
it's uh it's really important I have to
tell you later
after I get him know he's trying to get
your panties can I get your panties I'm
just from collecting panties
hey you I know you from somewhere come
here come here
I really have a question it's gonna be
like really really really really weird
but uh not enough I can ask you though
look I'm looking for some girl's panties
I'm trying to I know it sounds
ridiculous but what what I'm yeah I just
need a girl's panties don't think I'm a
perv or anything I'm not gonna go home
and beat my me too I just need it for
for a reason and you're gonna thank me
later so you just want to like stop me
asking for my pennies and you can't even
tell me no I'm not telling you what for
I just need your panties I'll tell you
after is that a normal question to ask a
stranger for her panties I just want
some panties how about we play
rock-paper-scissors
if I win you give me a penis in the few
and you slap me rock paper scissor go up
you owe me your panties sup loner what
are you writing
how'd you do this to do is see my
ex-boyfriend why he is my ex no well it
says see my ex-boyfriend by some dildos
oh I don't need any more of those why
not does I find cucumbers cue these out
what you use nowadays I'm doing
something something something good but I
can't tell you what it is but I can tell
you what you need to do to make it good
you're doing something good okay ah okay
what would it take from to get
you're Penny's underwear for what
snipping purposes sniffing purpose is
not oh okay you don't get on my wall
what if I tell you that there granny
panties and they're suspiciously stained
you still want them yeah why not you're
not gonna sell them in vending machines
in Japan no no okay good come here oh
okay I'll cover you so nobody sees you
oh my god look I even have a glove to
pick them up I'm gonna do a DNA test
I'm a doctor all right good good yes
now I collect your panties you can put
them inside all right and now you want
to know the reason why I got this yeah
please that was to see if you had sex
with my ex-boyfriend anymore
now I'm kidding well actually since you
gave me your panties we're donating $100
to cervical cancer and you are on camera
right there here you go you can take
them back okay thanks and I like taking
off slowly-slowly lot of a gal like you
mean it
oh look at you I'm sandy and my god huh
in the crotch gotta a good I got a dude
professionally I'm I'm inspector Vitaly
okay I hold on me shirt
let me seal the deal yes I have to take
him off I love how you came with the
glove I respect you so much it's like
you're collecting a DNA sample I am
collecting DNA sample to see how many
STDs you got yeah you well sure good
luck you're gonna find one that hasn't
even been invented yet for every penny
that I get today we're actually donating
$100 to cervical cancer and I don't know
how you're gonna react to this but
you're our own video camera look at that
and you get a snip done for free that's
just the added bonus
oh my gosh
who does your laundry can I get your
panties
it's for research it's important I just
wanted to ask you three questions that
might be a little weird but you have to
answer them really honest yeah I have to
me are you shy
why are you shy a little bit really yeah
you have a boyfriend no okay so what's
your excuse not to give me your panties
I mean that's weird
how is that weird because I'm Bobby I'm
not gonna have any fridge rest of the
day after we need them to have a table
we'll just put a towel under it see if
you start leaking or anything and you'll
have a total under I'm sorry I'm bad do
you look at me deeply in the eyes it's
like you wanted but you don't want
whatever just do whatever you serious
you want to do my car I was doing my car
oh my god I loved all my glove ribs now
I'm gonna get an STD whatever here stop
flashing it to everybody was supposed to
be discreet uh cervical cancer really
yes really and I don't know it's kind of
awkward to tell you oh my god are you
joking yeah it's right there I'm gonna
put you on YouTube now no no you have to
clear my fate there blurryface yeah
familiar
what I came up to you cuz I thought you
look super familiar now I look familiar
I look familiar
yeah oh my god you're Vitaly can't even
come up to you and ask you a question
yeah oh my god is so crazy I'd like so
ran yeah I came to ask you ask for your
panties way I came ask you free panties
why cuz uh you want to be in my video
we're actually filming a video right now
right there
sure why not what really really just
like that I'm asking her for her panties
is that a normal question to ask a girl
you want a hex you think she should give
me her panties no just give me the
panties I just want her pain is nothing
else for me it's reasonable we got
another one
Hey God I'm trying to get your panties
I'm serious what do you mean am i
serious I'm serious
what's wrong with me getting your
panties what color are you wearing can
you at least tell me that okay this is
so wrong okay I why what's the reason I
don't know you you didn't you didn't
wash them today or was
