hi ladies hello your friend is really
cute and I want to get our number is
that no I mean why are you care because
I'm gonna share the salad with you
excuse me don't you get so chocolatey
with me here what I'm I know this is
kind of weird like I don't know I'm
creepy what is this creepy I took a
picture of you guys sitting and I was
like should I get their number and look
what my awesome fan said yes you looks
like an actual picture of us yeah I just
said yes yes yes all my fans said yes
yes he has that way no man oh wait here
let me see that let me see that don't
you see what that's a lot of that's like
a lot of comment surprising you have
3151 like something on that this one
yeah you're the million really tagged
you I mean do you want to take a damn
what you should you should definitely
yeah relax I just wanted wow what I was
just wanted to talk to you guys now you
see the comments you all decide I want
to talk to me chill chill why do you
want why do you need followers what are
you a LA actress my friend is beautiful
and you're interested in she's
interested tic oh she's interested
what's up
yeah tag that's tagged and also we
should all three take a picture thank
you sorry we should do it I don't think
1 million followers is enough for you
guys I think you should look at the
camera because the 8 million subscribers
are watching you guys are on camera yeah
you're on camera are you guys are
instant diggers that's what I call you
guys I'm not gonna give you my number I
didn't want you I wanted your number at
first and then all the sudden you saw
the likes all in sudden you want why
does this body girls are like that some
of the girls like you it's the diggers
Wow I want a base for your lunch but not
today
you
