hello hi excuse me ladies I'm gonna have
to give your friend a ticket
her she stopped us on the beach huh yeah
I have to give you a ticket is that cool
because you taught me topless on the
beach well now you do that's like the
magic trick I don't know their parents
really complained that the kids been
watching the little kids whipped out his
little penis and started jerking off
just on the beach house this joke yeah
I'm a lifeguard I'll work at our floor
Lynette live grab the tally and ice me
sure why are you freaking out it's just
a little kid she's not gonna rape of a
mom just a lifeguard my boss complained
that her mom saw his kid
check out his penis I was watching you
and was doing some masturbating or
something and they just had to leave the
beach they got kicked out well you all
boiled up like you're ready for
something so I don't know what all right
how about we discuss this over lunch
guys you guys want to come to lunch and
discuss please not right now maybe a
little bit later I don't want to lose my
job last time I lost my job as a
lifeguard because I started kissing kids
before they drowned and you're supposed
to do CPR only one day out of breath I
did it too early not real here you go
you can be my friend
I get topless take your underwear off hi
I'm gonna have to give you a ticket for
drinking alcohol on the beach huh I know
but there's all call in it there's no
good there is
I'm on my lunch break and nurse hi I'm
battalion nurse trauma nurse so you
can't be the naughty nurse only
aggressive nurse Wow
so what you doing here about yourself
why you drink red wine one good stay
away from it but why do you always buy
yourself weak I just moved here to
knocking being your friend I'm Batali
how are you would you like to hang out
sometime and not the way you think oh my
god you were saying I mean he wants to
get in my pants no no we can go to the
mall and go for Starbucks if you okay I
can make you grass smoothie you're
probably to enjoy that a spinach
smoothie you enjoy that yeah what's your
number
look let me see it can I see that again
Wow how much did you pay for them
I'm kidding they look pretty natural to
me are your natural your natural tits
bounce bounce them for me just just do
it like that look look at my tit oh
that's perfect vitaliy but they call me
Natalia a Nutella on girls booties don't
lick it off you like chocolate
oh it's better in your booty and then
lick it off I'm gonna call it a day
I probably on the front
I probably overdose with both of you
guys here
yeah they can just put your number in
and you can pick for your number - yeah
excuse me ladies I'm gonna have to give
you a ticket is that all right for what
you know for what all right
look at your body it's getting as red as
your hair so you need to put some Sun
lotion in that's all my boss told me to
tell you serious yeah we didn't we made
a new regulation somebody got skin
cancer last week and died so we want to
know that I'm serious yeah do you have
some lotion by the way let me see that
let me see that for a second that's the
same shit oh that's not gonna get me so
Freddie oh that's gonna make it worse I
had a sunscreen are you sure I was the
wrong paper scissors if I win I get your
phone number if you win you slapped me
how about this that's why not slap me
fuck it why not you know you like it
rough anyway I'm not gonna beg her it's
fine there's plenty of fish in the sea
but she's one of a kind so over here so
you know you don't find many beautiful
fishes like that all right rock paper
says one out of one ready Rock Paper
Scissors shoot ready rock paper scissors
no it's Rock Paper Scissors shoot ready
Rock Paper Scissors shoot alright you
have to give me your phone number
oh wow shag should call your phone Oh
answer it all right call back let's talk
manners stupid you're right high-five I
actually uh Seattle what's that I'm from
Nigeria so I don't know that is why men
are stupid just give me a good
definition what'd you just do one-night
stands right
what's wrong with that sex is all about
having fun but why we got into this
conversation so quick we need to relax
and talk it over a cup of coffee before
we get into that you don't have to be
left out oh you're just flipping over to
show me your front of your body
well you look bald from great ways from
the back and from the front anyways
uh-huh
can I get was let's hang out sometime
can I get one of your numbers friends
men are stupid so I'll be a boy for you
I won't be a man there you go what was
your name by the way I've Italian nice
to meet you
Natalia nice to meet you we'll talk
about how men are stupid I'll make you
change your mind
