what's up guys it's a beautiful day but
not for my mom because I'm gonna prank
her with a stuntman Alex and police
officer Mike my car's oil change the car
borrowed it from a friend
so what's up what's up what's up with
you I don't know where you want to go
eat beeping going to the gym you told me
yeah that my diet needs to start you
just hit my car sir I didn't hit you
with the car mom come here come here mom
come here come here
I'm so sorry about this what do you say
you okay yeah I didn't hear what
happened well I stopped at the stop sign
okay yes sir well I didn't do anything
sir sir for what I didn't do anything I
was just driving I'm thinking my mom's
alive
police officer it's a break I love you I
did get you a fool
no sis for those there's a police
officer oh my god oh my god you Tommy
you got me
