excuse me hi gonna kind of gonna play
rock-paper-scissors with you sorry can i
play rock-paper-scissors with you okay
you don't know the game anyways my name
is Natalia nice to meet you yeah a lot
of girls a lot of guys probably think is
just you're beautiful and stuff you're
not really that beautiful your
hostilities the baby you're a very very
very very nice but I'm not going to
waste your time and you're not here to
waste my time I know so uh what are you
doing tonight we should just go straight
to that tomorrow you don't have nothing
going on sorry you don't have nothing
going on next year we can hang out next
year okay number excuse me do you
remember me you remember me we went to
high school together
come here okay but can you give me a
time of day and just talk to me for a
minute
I'm not gonna bite you hi my name is
Vitaly bit solid but you can call me in
that salad are you from Malaysian that's
very beautiful
I like your country a lot you're not
interested two seconds to that's been
already four seconds so you like me now
because you're still standing it anyways
you're just kidding I'm not kidding you
see this beautiful baby we can make one
like that just your phone number
hey what's my name what's your name Jean
that's a very beautiful name Jean we can
make a baby like that okay how do we
what am i rich I'm a primary huh I'm
rich bigger I know that's your boyfriend
she doesn't have a boyfriend so what
kind of shampoo you use my shampoo you
wash yourself and good myself
that didn't make any sense but anyways I
had to stop because that you're really
beautiful and I love this I think this
will look better on me but I think it
would matter amazing you want my shirt
it's fine
I'll see you naked tonight you'll see me
thank you tonight bye anyways can have
your phone number
here
you can fit me right in that pocket and
that pocket is right next to another
pocket
and we can enter to get crazy excuse me
excuse me excuse me I'll show you from
far away and your shorts were so short I
want to buy your new ones but I don't
want to buy your new ones because I like
the way your shorts look so instead of
that you're just beautiful
while you're carrying a laptop from 1998
when it kind of when I can buy your
MacBook
what are you doing you've been missing
out on your whole life I mean anyway
something you're really pretty
thank you so please I would like to get
your phone number I would like to get
your phone number so I can call you
later okay
so I can buy you a new iMac a micro
MacBook Pro what do you prefer what do
you prefer a MacBook Pro iMac or I penis
excuse me hi can I talk to you for one
minute yeah come here
what well first of all I love this
blouse ladies you see that every day all
these beautiful what no I'm not I'm not
complimenting you here Kuki to Stanford
for once one second you think you're
Freddie do you think you're prettier
I see what I just said you're blah I
didn't say you're pretty come here I
know but I want to hang out with you
later tonight you can not just
one-on-one you can bring your friends
too and then when I mean tonight not in
my bed so you stop your thinking
completely 30 we can go for lunch dinner
movie popcorn and into mind right who's
your friend
here I just give you a call later can I
have your phone number yeah but I'm in a
rush that's why so I'm a let's split
each other in half and just lets my half
will be your half and my hubby rabbit
will be attached for my hat my half is
inside my underwear come here what just
for two seconds you don't understand
what you're missing you're missing out
on life right now all right come here
come here what's a what's a Tuesday here
Watch oh yeah no number just for just
two seconds fuck
I had I have to come back to get your
number can I get it okay you told me you
wanted me to meet your friends right
okay nice to meet you hanky Natalia nice
to meet you I probably wouldn't care
about your name because you're a guy so
just kidding
cheers to that but do you guys think I
should get her number
okay so you should give me a number yes
why is your best pick-up line my best
pick-up line it's gonna be too much for
her all right awesome why over there so
user number thank you
maybe we kiss
all right tonight I see you guys thank
you thank you you you you like how I
fucking did that
jump us now either
