10 plus 9 you there 69 yes copy that yes
I'm on my way there right now I'm on my
way we got a possible homo side right
now at six in a bush and three Avenue
apparently girlfriend killing her
boyfriend bite letting her spread
chocolate all over has the guy licked it
off and apparently he overdosed
they say they sprinkle some boys and
then there so that's what you get for
eating so much ass whipped chocolate so
I'm on my call right now and I'm gonna
be taking care of every single problem
and if there's any chocolate left I
might lick it off myself
so since I'm next to the call I gotta be
the first one to respond fucking can you
finish my doughnuts
wait a way to read a second actually
it's Saturday I'm gonna go pick up some
girls make up some girls and Venice
Beach yeah yeah yeah absolutely you can
just because he's pretty what's your
name hi I'm officer Gore chop nice to
meet you
what are you up to 80s are you old
enough to smoke young 21 what do you
guys know well see you can smoke writing
so you can hash it here you don't have
an ashtray
excuse me what's your name what are you
doing here on the beach I just not just
stopped by because I usually don't do
this I might get fired but I bet you're
pretty so I wanted to say hi
what are you doing is just hanging out
by yourself do you want to have some
doughnuts with me or something yeah
during lunch
why not what's your net what's your
number you want to come check out my
jail cells and everything yeah you can
drop the soap and stuff you should be
saved there as for us so what do you
ladies up to today oh nice how come
you're not smoking weed let's spark up a
joint tonight or something
I'm a cop but patient tonight tonight
really tonight um you fear yeah tonight
I'm not gonna be a cop what's up did say
your girl what's up my name is Officer
Greg chef nice to meet you hi Tiffany
how come you guys in a dating can you
just stop for a second I want to talk to
both of you
I just want to stop you because no
you're not you're nice chocolatey and
you're I'm ready to melt you so here
long story short since you guys are
friend zone and I'm not that type of
friend zone guy what's your number six
one six right you don't to take me out
to a nice doughnut dinner I did say the
magic word are you sick I can fix that I
can fix that yeah I got a big black
stick for that deal out there come here
what's your name you know that it's
illegal to be blonde a promenade that's
a lot of people what are you doing here
I just was gonna ask you are you hungry
if you want a piece of bacon or you want
to roast a pig which one what's your
name let's be friends I'm Vitaly but now
I just moved here so and I got a what's
up from Miami originally from Russia
yeah see I'm looking for some of your
friends they're just going to say for
when I change the numbers awesome
have you ever been handcuffed
I'm not like to the bed and I'm not like
talking about I'm interested so you
never heard loud sirens she probably
gonna hear him up to tap out tonight but
here come here before my officers get
here let's exchange numbers and we can
hang out tonight sounds good yeah and I
was actually walking up to you ladies
because your ass looks suspicious so I
have to investigate it tonight anyway so
yeah here put your number in my phone
what's your name didn't say I'm bad with
names what's your name Sam and Sam
that's like VMV connected together you
know they say you like Russians see I'm
uh I'm black from the waist down and I
don't mean it that way I mean it like
this way literally I'm black anyways
have a great day so yeah I'm just uh
yeah I'm just picking up girls are you
guys good no we don't we need apartment
here I'll take care of the murder case
when I come back from picking up girls
all right partners you guys have a great
day I'm gonna go pick up some more girls
yeah
