what's up guys before start this video I
want to say Happy Thanksgiving today I'm
going to give out a Call of Duty
advanced warfare but first people are
gonna get pranks what's up what rank you
today giving out games you want a game
are you serious
what's the cache oh there's a catch over
here there's ok I'm gonna be I'm gonna
be skipping a line on Black Friday what
do you think and I'm like the fifth one
I'm saving the spot don't cut me what's
up just a line he's lying
oh it's okay that's cool thank you
what's up guys I miss my alarm clock so
I'll just sit here I miss my mom huh no
I'll just sit here is that cool or no no
there's a lot of pissed off me I'll say
with you and looks like I'm friends with
you that's all no I'm not with that
why no everybody in line is a homie we
all slept out here last night hey guys
its up scared me I want to skip the line
with you guys so I'll just get in here
no please no I can't be here
no please just fine why because two
girls perfect time before we go in our
Black Friday shopping now what's up guys
I'll just be in the front alright what's
up why not I miss my alarm clock so what
are you getting
the TV well looks like nobody spits oh
it's okay I'll be here no it's alright
really
would you like me to buy you a bed no
did you think I was gonna kick your ass
for what we're trying to get in front of
me what time were you here since since 8
o'clock last night
come on I don't give a fuck did you I
was late I was late
hey they're not you come you stay miss
out you miss out so why were you getting
this Black Friday oh I'm gonna TV and uh
air conditioning I have a TV on my house
if you want to come over
you guys mind you guys mind if I skip
the line no oh oh you're not some thing
I know I'm skipping the line I just got
here
I don't want to go all the way in the
back so yeah huh you want a cut like
yeah well you can't look at these people
it's okay
since then it's all right it's all good
I'll buy your coffee no I need a new
tennis shoes you want any shoes all
right here I'll give you no sauce do you
play call of duty I don't know anything
about internet computer Facebook or
anything yeah I feel at the flick phone
call of duty here you go holla duty yeah
anyway yeah yeah uh thanks dude all you
just she wasn't to get out here that's
it I don't need a protein bar I think I
have enough muscle no he needs muscles
so he needs a protein bar you sure you
don't want that you know I don't it's
really the best tip or you'll ever taste
oh yeah yeah I just want to wait all day
here is that a cool if I stay here
nights all right school
yeah it's high just fine on a penny I
need to buy a toilet paper come on I'm
good how's it pranks in YouTube you guys
I'm coming
your ass the call of duty there God you
for being an awesome sport you guys
don't mind if I skip the line real quick
sorry the tally right back there got
yellow tickets yeah let me skip here I
miss you
that's cool you're cool man you let me
skip the line like that I got my dough
for being so cool man I'm gonna give you
a cold jitta Xbox one oh yeah I did
thanks for me get the line your hero oh
cool wait you guys want to forget what
niggas I'll let you take my spot
alright let's do it alright get on the
railing come on I'm ready
so for pranking I'm gonna give you this
that is so awesome but now can i really
go down in here
I mean well this is almost better than
you're going down damn I'm out of here
