you should have paid man I just have to
get a look how long you been here for
just got here my car's hot I just hopped
out it's hot I just hopped out I'm just
really hopped out I mean it's hot from
the Sun it's probably not hard yeah I
touched that right here I just hopped
out you cooking eggs on here something
Oh $25 ticket man you can get me out of
the ATM that's perfect dude I just
hopped out I mean I literally just
thought oh I'm gonna call my boss
did you drink to that all take drink
yeah you stink like alcohol check it oh
wait - no but so yeah you just hopped
out you should have paid man the meter I
just what are you doing what are you
doing today it's my only day off I'm
taking care of my errands good interior
anza what do you need ATM for free
cocaine what are you talking about dude
I don't know you just why do you need
cash in the middle of the day I'm
cashing my paycheck and I need cash
tougher so now you're cashing your
paycheck now you're at the bank $25
ticket one do you bed excuse me I'm
looking for stolen doors there you guys
covering stolen doors here I'm ticket
guy my name is Eduardo wait what you're
looking for stolen doors yes and the
card matches your description can you
just lift it up from usage I'm gonna do
a check
I mean is that your car - no you can
skip at school let me see some
identification you want to see my ID
take you guy who the fuck is ticket guy
the insurance company no Ticketmaster no
take a guy I'm talking about yeah WI
walk walking under the influence for
those guys do you hear about the WI the
new company just not hitting with a
stick that's all I'm asking catch my oh
no of course I wouldn't touch it my
finger would touch it why don't you $5
take it one do you bad
I get $68 tickets you're gonna smear up
cocaine and listen there and alcohol
yeah because you were drawing money in
the middle of the day and who are you
I'm the ticket guy at the water dole new
menu go up to people and ask if they're
doing cocaine cuz we're going to the
bank yeah absolutely
for being a ticket guy yes is that bad
you want to get my badge number
that's horrible dude why why are you so
offended that I'm asking you about
cocaine do drugs and I don't fucking
expect someone to come up to me and ask
me about drugs cuz I'm going to up eh
excuse me I'm gonna have to give you a
ticket
Frank I'm gonna have the directors lucky
few monkey GT I'm gonna have I'm gonna
have to give it a shake good get you out
we're having a big ass ever mean Brazil
yes a strict the world cup a sacar el
Malo cookie but you are Papa de mundo I
can't believe I'm her fan I have an bro
can you hook me up with this ass yes so
you didn't steal your doors what you
didn't steal any car doors hey fuck you
know I didn't okay so you're accusing me
Steve why would you wanna why would you
want to fuck me Dada well are you
accusing me of stealing something is
what you're doing you're asking me did I
steal some doors you just said that did
you just not that did you just now ask
me yes I did yes I asked you that's a
question that's not accusing well it is
a quote it isn't a correction you asked
me if I stole something I did not
it's a prank er come on let me get this
guy fist a fist of all good top dude
good hey but I'm sorry but you can't
smoke I'll have to give you a ticket
yeah like I I swear to God I was a block
just like Santa Monica a block away from
the Ramadan that's why I was here crack
meth on this yeah not why smells like
this it's a cigarette oh it smells like
a little
do some good no like - yeah
no no math none that cool so from 51 sit
down 25 cool here why do you really need
it right new ticket is this your UCI mi5
jumping jacks on the ticket oh yeah 1 2
3 4 5
all right five more jumping jacks let's
do it
not like Steve let's do seriously once
here let me deal with you yeah probably
my boss not gonna see this one - I'm
like a Cinderella mm-hmm well doing this
do it one more time
whoo no come on like this awesome give
me a hug this guy is good well I'm work
to go and I'm going home ticket guys I'm
gonna have to give you guys a ticket
what we're eating we already have a bird
problem here and you guys getting more
birds attractive we never got that man
put it from where it's a $25 ticket each
you guys will be okay from here man
will you move from your own world I'm
going eat we're supposed to eat in March
okay can you be your you got the ticket
so I might have to write it up oh come
on man wait listen what I'm saying here
man
when I come and let us know instead we
can't eat here our shoes but no there's
a sign right there
we have your hat tree right there you
should come on tell us my little move
let me the Queen you'll give us ticket I
don't know money to pay nautical good so
if you tour if you travel and you have
money
I'm not money to pay your ticket do you
put more we don't have no money to pay I
think it made a little pay for the food
man so how do you travel here - a mirror
or whatever you're from oh you mean by
trouble
you say you're tourists I got some more
from Philadelphia coming here
Philadelphia so I'll show you around
after give you a ticket come on what's
wrong with you dude what is your
possessive it's a recession we're
supposed to get money from now you're
gonna be able to pay for this ticket
okay
okay I know you you're not happy here
take a $20 you have money for the ticket
now okay young camera it's a video
