what's up guys today I'm gonna try to
pick up the same girl twice while we
severe blemishes that I put on my face
and one without let's see what happens
what is this are you gonna come with me
uh I will be there well why don't you
come where you from I'm from here I'm
new to the area just moved from Nigeria
so you like would you like to any of you
tonight I plans but thank you
what do you mean you what kind of plans
squatting you see squat you don't mean
squat
you look like your squad but dance can
you show me some moves huh you're pretty
good yeah
he's all you dance yeah cool bye ah sit
sit sit
why don't you put your number in my
phone little boy yeah boy toy you mean
you serious yeah that's like me saying
have a girlfriend you don't have anybody
you sure you're not gonna give your
number I don't want it I don't want it
so so you've been here all day huh
you've been here all day but see you
just made out flyers owe you something
good for you words like here this
morning oh yeah you working the whole
time
ah yeah I picked up another shift just
so I don't have to work this weekend
damn yeah cuz it's like been a long time
bye anyways what's up about what time um
I think in like an hour
I don't have good I just have the watch
just to be cool I don't really use the
watch uh any plans for the weekend you
working this weekend or no you say
you're not working no I'm not I'm just
preparing for this cool oh well why
don't I get your number
put it in
Wow Wow Wow I tried to get your number
this morning and you want to give me a
number just you need to be working 76
hours a day for being such a how do you
want to say
my car you stupid little
