serviettes no not yet it's a beautiful
day on huh
and especially you would that be a weird
if I show you something
come here look just what just look at it
I'm in a good mood look come here I just
know that's all it took
look I pulled out flowers for you what
you think it's gonna happen why are you
laughing what what are your freshmen oh
you knew in college yeah my senior and
usually like when you're needing college
and stuff we do this check this out just
watch this well look it down why I'm
just gonna what hello guys I just want
are you guys enjoying your lunch right
right we might enjoy this better watch
look at this
hey what sup sup ladies is that your
boyfriend
ya know yours I don't know what's up huh
yeah I know you just guys study you're
pretty I want to show you something real
quick
what look actually what's my number no
you get this my number check take my
number
Vladimir how'd you get that one excuse
me other question what are you going
white your bike you have wonderful feet
wonderful legs why don't you run I might
make you nervous with this one ready
take this up what right here what how
did i do i from where you thought he
came from
you guys sell hot dogs you do it
just watch I got the best hot dogs in
the mania well what happened okay I was
gonna pull out a hot dog and I pulled
out this - ladies and gentlemen I just
want to let you guys know something ah
your daughter is so pretty that I'm
gonna have to show her something look
what
