welcome hi I'm Jessica
very nice to meet you nice you look like
a very happy girdle yeah you're about to
be much much more nice place here guys
don't worry it's only me please welcome
this is the one I would like you take
care of it but the bathroom will be gay
welcome yes my name is Dimitri
this is my partner Sergey we gots a lot
of masks please please show her the way
alright I'm really good was it was he
look look looks it looks me look look me
in the eyes
what's wrong what's wrong I got the cash
for you I got the cash for you I got the
cash for you so would you please could
you start with the bathroom please oh
yeah sure the bathroom was the very
important here it's good what I did
something funny yeah I could have you do
you want me to help you with the body
how I ended up she sinks something funny
excuse me I'm a cool guy yes very much
easy how are you it nice to meet you
very good very good
you look very nice today thank you this
has been working
been working from home this living room
please don't worry about it some
thickness in the bathroom and the bed
this bedroom is okay don't worry about
it it's my friend Sergey he might need a
little
what are you doing sir oh the door no
don't pull it out oh fuck the pepper
spray / she fucked up everything
oh she got her mind she got her back she
got in my life oh she got it ride o
dollars a joke girl get our alright
