I think what he's trying to say is that
his tongue got stuck with the piercing
in the can and I'm trying to help them
but don't worry don't worry Barbara can
I get the cat uh-huh okay you know I
don't know what they're doing that's a
hot look my fishing one person
guys I know it's ridiculous I like Tom
got stuck in the can from the fear thing
I hope girlfriend hold on my second you
old toaster from when you take your ass
up well Denise I have minute imma let
you go so I gotta go into work okay
robot all right hold on one second okay
hold on
so it's stuck in there you're giving
your phone yeah
honks all right now what let's pinch
your tongue mm-hmm don't you talk a
little bit
uh-huh you do it that way oh no no it's
all working
Oh sweetie you might be in big deep
trouble you need to probably find
somebody who can
I don't want to put my hand in your
mouth or or talk got a piercing in her
tongue and she's got a hot oh no no I
don't want to do just pull it hard out
of this I love you a bargain shit mm-hmm
I'm thinking is
I've all done you almost gave you all
heart oh I thought that was your jug I
hope that's all I care for campers oh
yeah that was funny no good got it
mm-hmm
call a doctor good
dude wait what's up don't do anything on
that we lost earring I'm sorry this is
really embarrassing but my boyfriend's
telling us stuck in my zipper Oh fucking
I don't know I don't know I don't know I
don't know what to do
Oh Oh fucking aren't you yeah Oh mother
I don't know what son Bob that's his
tongue yeah that is his tongue nose no I
swear to God get out of my zipper before
I pass out get it online zipper before I
pass out look good look I swear to God
get on my zipper before I pass out well
look at it oh my god oh my god oh my god
play engagement get out of freaking rate
this is I'm saying I'm not playing no
more
I'm not we're here it's your song
I'm richer come yet check this out
chicks each dog don't touch my papa
I shut yo baby in there yeah we do are
you quiet there
