yo come here come here bro come here
let's get a better look yo yo yo yo John
yeah there's low yo guys look at the
Bigfoot is Bigfoot stalking our state
never-before-seen footage of Bigfoot
Bigfoot it turns out is real Bigfoot is
real and her research proves it choose
me sir be careful
mom I don't know what it is okay can you
come pick me up
I don't know either right
you got right can you get it right to my
house
go go go go go go
Dean Witter look at that
come here look it's blue behind the tree
I don't know
look
Oh
yo Oh God Lou what's up yo I don't know
what that is no I have known yo guys yo
I don't know what I don't know how long
you guys coming in Pio chicken salad
roll
yo
see that
look what do I do
look what is that turn it off I can't
hear
what is that I'm come here come here
come here yeah see ya huh what is it
come here come here come check it out
yeah yeah check it out hello yeah yeah a
couple oh oh oh whoa fake
