what up guys I'm in LA with dude Suns
and today I'm gonna pretend to let
myself on fire don't do it this is not
gas this is some good water excuse me
guys
excuse me guys you guys all you guys
loved what you guys loved me
or what fucking shit
you guys have cameras all around you
guys you guys have scammer this is water
this is water you guys have cameras all
around
please remember this game that's a word
hey follow me alight or mine doesn't
work is there you know is there anybody
hiring places around here sorry but look
do you look for any hope in this world
anymore
ain't ya I'm not in the world you
believe you got you believe in God you
believe in God right you believe in God
okay you just need to pray for me you
need to pray for me don't ya
do you be visible the rest you're like a
fellow I want to do birth nah man you're
gonna think about that dress you're
fuckin a man who's you gonna be
miserable you're gonna be worth
something they're really gonna kill you
ain't gonna kill you can't fight a job
but in a job meet accountants are you
have Java wanna talk don't wanna talk
would that make me better babysit your
on gas might not would you do is you can
look at all the other people who are
doing crazy shit
living and you can look at them and see
how much lower they are Thank You
that'll help
how much lower they are yeah but we've
lowered in beer
Oh believe me it is so what is this just
me we've I feel good
niner-niner Nana I feel I feel
you know how much all the government
yeah hundred thousand dollars you think
I want to give me the goddamn gas no
give me the motherfucking dare I'm gonna
put on you as you put it on me and he
gonna do that so I'm gonna put the gun
why you gonna kill me strutting gay
young ever first illegally guys this is
where I met the love of my life and she
left me so I think it's time for me to
go
ah ah
ah I want to live I'm sorry I love all
my subscribers help I'm done this is
over this is over I love my subscribers
I'm dead
