investigators - Roman Vitaly watching
this scene unfold our 25 year old
actress posing as an apparent stranded
fifteen-year-old claims she needs fifty
dollars to get home some were willing to
help no strings attached but the
investigation revealed a darker side I
was just wondering if there's any way
you could help me out today my friends
just left me and I'm trying to get back
to San Diego I don't have I don't have
any numbers memorized I don't know I'm
just I don't think I'd help you out I
mean I'm going my friends Austin is
right down there so I can join they have
some drinks okay I need to be a part in
you anyway I'm kind of right at this
point yeah but I can have some drinks
with you I mean you can help me are you
what do you think we always want to do
that's running on I'll put the wheel
look windows down we kissing
I haven't really done that before I'm
like I'm yeah I mean I'm like 15 are you
okay with that
well you don't tell anybody it from five
oh we got him I'm from San Diego I just
my friends ditched me and I'm in a
really bad situation right now I've
really used like 50 bucks to get home is
there any way you can help me 15
thank you oh yeah okay like what are you
thinking all right
I mean I'm 15 you're okay with that five
oh we got him
I could do something for you I'm gonna
sleep that's where this point I mean
what are you thinking I'm like five oh
we got him
so I'm kind of lost and it stranded and
I'm just really looking if someone can
help me out today I could really use 50
bucks to try to get home oh yeah well
I'm I'm only 15 are you okay with that
yeah 500 we got him go go go okay face
down on the pavement this guy will have
time to think about what he's done he
along with the others we've seen have
the choice to help or to try to take
advantage
maybe next time they'll do the right
thing it's a sad fact but this
cautionary tale underscores them in a
world this big don't count on the best
in people to always prevail
