what's up guys it's 7:00 in the morning
and we're about to branch a room why not
make him think he's getting arrested and
we're gonna get him deported for one of
the lines that I uploaded in my account
but I'm gonna blame him and saying he's
responsible for everything this is
divine
yeah what is this foreclose on come on
come on what is Yomi
wait wait I was I was shooting cube to
fit you you have to leave this country
what is it what is it so you have a
video that I've seen on vine with her of
you kissing a police officer it was an
old lady kissed anybody was just a job
nobody it was head okay he record he
recorded it doorkeeper I had no part of
this
but you know the coordinated video
images you shot the video uh on my phone
you shot him with your phone he shot it
with his phone and he uploaded it
already seen it they said I thought that
was you go floating for me you're
responsible for it he filmed it they
filmed it so what what yeah this is
together YouTube why are you blaming on
me for something you did this again okay
so listen no you did it by yourself you
filmed it but what's your idea was ever
with me sorry you're over gonna go with
me there is no decision this is the only
one now don't you have more they're
talking about you now look at me look at
me
this don't lie to me okay you're just
showing me one because you have more
than one right sure I've got 300 videos
300 well it's not awesome this is
ridiculous um you guys took your hand
with him um I'm out of this I'm out of
this I'm out of this I'm out of this I'm
so much ya know hey what's going on my
turn whatever attorneys or detective
Brown there's no division are you with
your phone okay
so basically you're going to be under
arrest well sexual assault on the police
officer oh you're gonna be in a sector
okay
the stretch is ridiculous just say it to
this tell me what the numbers to the
password yes sure wait wait are we
getting the border or something you said
about something deportation yes whoa
he's gotta fill out when we get downtown
how about you Jerome
yeah so it was that easy to get your
fashion get the buck you enter the black
camera on it's a guy oh I got you so
good
is she must've people tell ya real
paperwork oh but you just do this you
really often I really work at least
appalled Wow
what's going on
