my name is Vitaly Zaretsky
on July 29th 2013 I decided to make a
random homeless person date his name was
Martin I took him clothes shopping took
him to a steak dinner got in my haircut
and two nights in the hotel room but he
had one dream and it was to get new
teeth I believe that everybody should
have a chance for the dreams to come
true
what's up guys I'm here with Kirk and I
think we haven't seen Martin in two
weeks since the extreme homeless
makeover and he's right there standing
on the same corner so we're about to
tell him good news and bad news let's
see how he reacts
yes it's me oh yeah
the campaign we raised $12,000 for you
and they didn't want to give us the
money because you have criminal history
and I have criminal history I have
criminal history for pranking for are we
getting arrested for a prank
but the good news tomorrow you have an
appointment for your teeth I really
don't have an appointment the cop that
runs this hobby took all the homeless
people on sandal foot and he showed them
the video on his computer he got all the
rest of the homeless people to turn on
me because they saying whether I got
helped by people that are trying to help
homeless people and all these guys been
on the corner for ten years and they're
saying these guys gave me $40,000 and
they wanted all my money all my clothes
they held me down they hit me with their
canes they swung their canes at me and
they said if I ever go in Cumberland
Farms again when I come out break my
neck
and I swear to god I've been never so
scared of my life and Martin so what's
the positive things that came from this
video just want to tell you this in this
whole world that you can never believe
this what I'm going to say
every five minutes my heart breeds in
this world on my bicycle in a store it
Publix McDonald's Boynton Beach the guy
that gave me a job because of Italian
everywhere I go people say I've seen you
on YouTube I seen you on youtube I know
yes that's me can you take a can I take
a picture with my boss I go oh my god I
go please don't give me no Fame never
ever ever I just changed out how much
you know how much you how much you make
a day no cars are recognizing you know
since the cars of recognize me now I
make triple of what I make I used to
make $20 in a whole day from nine
o'clock in the morning till 7 o'clock I
run on to how I make more than awesome I
might look a little cranky I didn't
sleep last night it felt like when I was
a little kid my father bought me my
first mini bike the front tire was
sticking out of the top of the box I
mean my brother was sneaking down the
stairs saying daddy got us a minibike
daddy got a bike I could not sleep and
you know what it's the main reason
because I'm getting what I wanted my
whole life I want the hitting it's like
barely slept I can't sleep because I
knew I would get my teeth fixed where
you Grimer
I just can't believe that I'm here right
now through the grace of God getting
attention to my teeth
absolutely let's go home because of
going people in my life
let's go Vitaliy Captain Kirk Catholic
Church look at you anymore
what's your name Larry Martin before you
have a seat
I'm going to take an x-ray
hi doctor what's your name please got
Anna started a Latina also my name is
Mon - hey how are you - you seem so you
gonna have your tea now yes sir three
seconds away from the surgery
Hey smile for the camera watching for
surgery holy moly
I'm 5 feet so we have to step out all
right cool everything all right cool
a good luck tomorrow thanks to the dr.
Lewis care Dennis thank you I appreciate
a lot what's up guys we just got to
Martins house take any care of him his
wife coming back later we have a
follow-up in five weeks up for it when
he heals to put his dentures right there
his dentures so I'm just taking care of
it right now he's not I can't open your
mouth yeah he gave me keys yeah yeah
yeah my 25 weeks
what's going on homey geez so I haven't
seen Martin in about two months since
August 15 2013 that's what the surgery
was and his mouth is finally healed and
his ventures are ready two months later
I got a phone call from his wife last
night because I live in LA now I got a
phone call from his wife says that I
have to be in Florida here today to film
this book the first light I'm here in
Florida so today he's getting his fresh
new dentures and I'm excited to see
Martin see how he's doing
and here comes Martin and here comes
Martin and here comes Martha hey nice to
see you man good to see you too man are
you doing all right
hey Dubrow hey yeah I've been I've been
doing real good working now off your
teeth no more no more pain in your teeth
no more pain hey Mike you about to get
your new TV I'm bout to get my new teeth
by I actually I actually brought you
your new teeth from California as you
can all that surprised
how's the homeless guys harassing you so
yeah there's a little bit because
they're very uh they very kind of
jealous you know name yeah they don't
pay to get the attention that I got
everything I just stay away from I meet
all kinds of guys that's lovely man out
Pam Volker yeah so we just got to Daisy
Panero general cosmetic dentistry how
are you so how is Mark amazing we're
gonna get you Steve huh this is that
cyst in here Murray's assistant hello
this is Daisy Panero yes
Martha's UT with their Martin high five
wait tell me years thank you so much
everybody
if it wasn't for you guys I would have
not expect we put a 21 year data so
Martin talks a little funny now because
he needs to get used to his teeth so
here's Martin with his brand new teeth
smile ah
so Martin how's this over experience
about extreme homeless makeover on clay
Awards ok the domain came in here Y
wanting to change the life number one
number two came Jesus in your heart and
number three have the faith that you'll
be able to to overcome all your
weaknesses and I want to tell you if it
wasn't for you Buick and viewing my
video which gave me so much strength
my life is shame
I got a job now I'm back with my wife
I got he's my appearing change you look
so much different maybe a little plain I
just try to get you to be Keith okay
Phil Oh fine now well my big body
getting judged it was a fun adventure
with me yeah don't we wish you best of
luck I'm going back to Los Angeles I put
down here for you I'm sure when I'm in
Florida I will visit you but I just want
to wish you best of luck on everything
in life it's Molly thank you so much for
everything I wish that I could cry I
want to cry but I I just want to be
strong and time that all the viewers
know that please be strong and and and
and know this hope out there for every
week situation everywhere just stay
strong ever do good for all these and
the next time you see me I'm gonna own
my own business
get my license drive a car again you
have all the good things in the world
but bottom line we did it we did it
Jay mine true all right guys were
finally made marchings dream come true
his surgery is finally done and I want
to give a huge thanks to dr. Lewis car
dentist for pulling out the teeth and
the surgery would have caused 7,000 $936
and it was done for free I also want to
give a special thanks to dr. Daisy
Gennaro the surgery would have cost
exactly $3,000 not the surgery to get
the new teeth so I want to guys to thank
you guys so much without you wouldn't be
able to do this and Martin's happy now
he has a job
I and he might go out there for fun the
streets because he told me you guys
recognize him and gives him 20s hundreds
so that's his extra money on the side so
we finally did it thank you and I'll see
you later
you
