Hollywood's their stars everywhere and
they make me mad
I hear yo see what can take a picture
phone hold on just wait wait huh oh
thank you I want to print the work fuck
that
fuck you fuck you I wanted to do it feel
alright fuck that
I want to picture a steal again that's
good I saw was good you doesn't want to
take a picture with everything you've
been through man I've been following you
for a while man I know you probably get
it locks to a very popular individual
picture let's take a picture tired yeah
sure
fuck I want it finished yeah oh look
that is nuts
yeah 101 come on bro Oh drank I never
wanted to marry me oh hey Tasha he the
fucking same
swapping up yeah you reveal emergency
water throws for yourself what was going
through your mind I don't even know what
did you think I thought oh my god what
is this what does this man do this one
of the picture a true American hero you
doc you look your biggest fan get it
back here hello hold on sec okay thank
you yeah
ha
check my eyes close your eyes closing my
eyes on me now age was rising you're
scared yeah I look like a barbarian
staying above you that's grad that's
going to help
