you hungry
yeah are you hungry are you uh you need
work
well it's your lucky day you're an
extreme makeover
you're my you stroll right now and we're
gonna go get your shower you're gonna do
a haircut and you're gonna go to a steak
house with us how does that sound for
you man right you're gonna come you're
gonna go to a steak house we're gonna
take a shower you're gonna shave you're
gonna go get a haircut we're gonna get
you some new clothes and some new shoes
how'd it go you're gonna come with us
get your stuff let's go I'm gonna happen
man you all right yeah I'm okay
you just can't believe this Thanks no no
we're gonna my friend let's go get you
some new clothes and some new shoes
let's go get you a shower let's go it's
like I'm in a dream maybe still sleeping
maybe you gotta wake up I don't know
maybe whatever you like anything bro
anything it's your day any change
anything anything we need an ice pack
 don't worry what do you need just a
nice big
nice and eat us adidas good perfect
yes yes yes all right
31 32 both colors can be swaggy hop on
for Friday night and the Saturday night
ladies night out whatever you want
let's get you medium and every colic
nice yes oh my god yeah but I'm so happy
you know it's okay I just can't believe
this is happening
it never ends so right now we're gonna
go get a hotel and are you ready for the
shower I'm gonna haircut right haircut
steak house tonight
oh yes Palmetto Park Road and 441 in
Boca Raton Florida all right and you
what did what sir you what do uses
specialize in your skills tell your
skills my skills I lay tile I'll a
marble I laid carpet I'm a mechanic I'm
a light electrician
I made $8 how long did you stand there
I've been out this like 12 o'clock 12
o'clock in afternoon and what time is it
now
Wow five o'clock so in five five and a
half hours you made only eight dollars
eight dollars is the world I could do so
much with eight dollars I can ee so yeah
we want to get two nights it's good okay
tonight so you're gonna go you're gonna
sleep tonight we're gonna come back and
you have one more day to sneak here okay
okay all right gentlemen
you haven't slept in the comfortable bed
in the wild huh months take a shower
we're going let's go eat some steak so
what's up man how does it feel to get a
nice head feels so great and I just I'm
beside myself I just can't I just can't
believe Texas de Brazil so you're ready
to eat at the steak house let's go let's
go let's go let's go
hmm what are you eating right now she's
glad she's back you're loving it huh
grab that steak or steak potatoes for
you are you gonna eat all of it man I
will try to eat it all I'm gonna try to
eat it all you're not gonna try it you
are gonna eat it I'm gonna eat it all
get ready for some dessert yeah I just I
just can't tell you how grateful I am
that's all right food is so good how was
the foot Martin oh the food was
unbelievable I just can't believe that I
had so much food like like would eat
what you eat
I had steak plus lamb chops plus more
steak I can't even I get so many
different kinds of meats it was just
unbelievable I am so full I just just
like a dream come true
this is unbelievable awesome man I'm
glad I made your day didn't matter day
my day you made my night you made my
year all right man you know how I said
there's a dessert for you I have well
are you ready for it yes I'm ready for
it all right
all right let me know what you think on
a scale one to ten open your mouth
this is my dessert what do you think hmm
so how was your day man telling my buddy
I had such a wonderful day I just can't
tell you how how good I feel right now I
ate I got my hair cut I got all new
clothes I got new shoes I got new pants
I just
I ate it the best steakhouse of money to
buy I just right now I'm sitting in a
motel room and I just can't tell you
that I feel the best I've ever felt and
it's just happened so fast too good and
I just can't say how grateful that I am
right now from Holly give me a hug bro
be good all right appreciate it be a
part of it thank you see you bro bye
