I was gonna ask you what you showed up
up your armor if your booty high up your
armor pure booty how do you shoot up
steroids
I don't know juice you know juice well
you don't drink orange juice
oh wait wait we tired steroids we're
gonna cycle yarn stop lying to me man
got excuse me line yeah you're doing
those you already having a roid rage I
just want to know what kind of steroids
are you all trust when I tell you that
you know why I'm having the rage because
I'm an actor I'm Italian I'm actually
juiced up a lot of people mistake that
you know even up north they do but but
what do you mean just stop i drink
orange juice what do you mean just stop
I'm juiced up naturally right on eat
look at all these pussies in hair
they're all juicing it's all faith do
you I don't know I don't do another day
I want you ask these guys in show me
your marks and your booty is a tough man
not good not good not good to use
steroids yeah yeah are using steroids
aren't you saying that for it I don't
take steroids dude you're in some heavy
cycle bro what are you on I want to be
like you to don't take anything man are
you sure yeah I'm pretty damn sure I'm
28 away I get 30 pounds yeah I get Oh
see you weigh as much as my girlfriend
weights bro
found it don't take steroids bro are you
serious yeah don't walk up to people
calling shit out like that man I'm just
saying I was just kind of rude to just
come up and say something like that what
kind of steroids are you on
oh no you definitely are no you are you
are I'm a Christian I'm bleeding
steroids wow that's a lot of guys in
steroids at the same damn time
what do you guys shoot up for each other
you guys shoot up your steroids for each
other I'm obviously not you guys that's
right who shoots up for who I'm just
tired of people like you guys coming to
the gym and doing steroids you shut the
fuck up
you guys doing all steroids and like
comment because you guys are cheating
you guys are coming to jail workout like
real people smoking cigarettes after you
walk out of the gym what kind of shit is
that you walk this even all these just a
steroid King heard let's walk hey what
steroids are bad rah series no good Papa
huh steroids are good you wish man
steroids are for pussies I really come
here come here come here come here what
you do a lot of steroids Oh huh how
because your veins are puffing out into
my face hey what's up
stay it one second
how much steroids are you taking Isaac I
need to take you to sa meetings right
now steroid Anonymous what's so funny
it's for anyone what do you think so
funny steroid usage yes what do you like
work at the major league or something
what do you oh you shut up like that or
how no better these steroids bro you
sure positive man good right here this
is the razor here do you think so yeah I
know you know I'm gonna take too much to
it I don't know so what do you know huh
what do you know I know that steroids
what is steroids right here what is
their words I will go to the doctor if I
have anything my blood I'll give you
$1,000 if I don't you give me $1,000
okay okay you want to take a bet any day
you see there that's why you can go to
the gym because you don't want to go any
day any day she was fat I told me was
head I told you had just had juice I
feel that are you cheating bro so look
at you I told my boss to go to doctors
he's like nah nah nah let me pop let me
put a needle in and everything's gonna
leak out your bigs genetics African
American and Western yeah so black
people can jump and workout yeah it was
our two we got degrees also in what what
communications you yeah why not no I'm
not saying you can but I'm just saying
how are you big let's take off your
shirt right now yeah no you stay here
let me right there hmm why you stand by
because man you need to stop taking
steroids people did take steroids ah huh
please see you gay yeah
kiss me Doug look I'm trying to get big
as you what I do steroids steroids
perfect can you tell me which ones all
the good kinds alright
