what's up guys
yeah I can actually walked over to you
come here come in well good you have an
opportunity we don't name again Vitaly
listen got this song listen no no you
can know how to pick up girls yes or no
do you know how to pick up girls you do
so come on Oh young camera right now no
no come here come here
I'm giving you 50 bucks right now you're
getting my wireless you get him enough
if you get her girls now but you're
getting you're getting my wireless mic
on you you have to pick up a girl you
get a girl's number you get 50 bucks you
get to be in my video I'm gonna tell you
what to say to a girl and you have to
say it that's a challenge to me slap
well what you mean so you know tiny can
we slap them ask them if they're from
Africa that's great yeah
how y'all doing what you haven't even
half of it yeah
do you like you tell her all right can I
spread it on your duty hell a flat on
your body
can I sweat it on your body why cuz I'm
like Nutella okay
if we see like a cold pizza tell her you
eat pussy like pork beats up
you have five seconds to tell her you
fail it's house I fucking like old
people put your number in my phone
go home get some of the chick down
Televi : that's it anybody can do it we
do the stranger I do know the guy
what happened you don't speak English
where your phone France what's your name
Johanna what's your real name
not your stripper name ha ha bands will
include this that's your name where'd
you get those glasses in France Oh what
is it Versace Versace Versace Versace
Versace whistle you why leave it on
what are you a dollar store huh
you are fancy oh let me see your glasses
you want to trade no I know why you got
beautiful eyes let me see oh wow I look
like dr. Dolittle huh really I have a
bigger nose in me too big Facebook man
they were so big but his his wiener was
big oh oh ok so what are you doing here
by yourself you never answer these Oh
what do you wear craigslist ads yeah oh
so you're not a backbeat oh so you're
not back page girl I got look I got two
phones one for guys want for girls yeah
I see I you know sometimes I feel like
being a little bit gay sometimes I feel
like being straight today I'm on the
street mood so I'm just want to get a
girl's number five six one all right we
got this guy who what's your name Jacob
you watch my videos right so he's a fan
I so he thinks it's a he got what it
takes to pick up girls $50 challenge you
I tell him what to say he says whatever
and if he gets the girl's number he gets
the 50 bucks you're the cat I'm the dog
I'm gonna rip you apart and bark hello
he's a cat and I'm the dog I'm gonna rip
you apart tonight
Rufe how are you Oh 65 look about 40 to
me look about 40 I got a little weenie
and I got a little arms I don't know
what to do with myself just you I got a
little weenie a little arms really cute
I don't know you want to just give
people you can get to know me though
yeah but you just approached me we're
done oh ok you know at least somebody's
got to approach you well since I wasn't
your great heart makes a girl laugh well
she got camera fine for you a big girl
but anyways you did really good you're
on laughing good acting good acting I
gotta check it out you got 50 bucks bro
anything are you supposed to pick up the
girl but you did but you know you go
from HR today keep watching the videos
check yourself out
shit just from I just fell from the tree
where you from
holy crap I just fell it fell off the
tree and I met you
Wow what's your name why were you from
guts for what
yeah I fell out of the tree next to you
because you were too cute were you from
Pittsburgh what what's Pittsburgh oh
that's in oh that's not in Japan I'm
Vitaly did I introduce myself Vitaly
Italy with a V in the front vit al I
spell that for me no you you fail the
spelling bee already are you smart
GED wow that's awesome
I'm just getting to know you I'm just
I'm just a loser this falls out of trees
and stuff all by the way if you want to
see my blue eyes here you go I've they
look pretty they get brighter the more I
talk to you because you're just so hot
huh my heart is about to stop oh my
goodness what we got a big we got a big
fan right now that's coming or something
I think that's a big fan of what he
would just want he's gonna be in my
video huh yeah we're doing a how to pick
up girls with the fans you know look
look look
so this is a so this is a guest
apparently a big fan yeah it's here
right here you ready yeah Connecticut LF
you boo sure man any time so we got this
thing you ready to go pick up a girl
right now and be in my new video tonight
let's go let's go start dancing be like
gingers have no sould gingers have no
sould gingers have no soul but you but
you've got so yeah you've got so you got
Sol Sol Sol Sol yes so like Aretha
Franklin so proposed to her here I know
I know we've not known each other for a
while but I love you Mary so what are
you will you marry me
marry you yes yeah - yeah - yeah - young
no you're a toy boy I know what to do
about your yer age I think yeah yeah
yeah yeah that's nice try you're better
Milton
