hey what's up man
my boyfriend's hot but why you like him
yeah he's cute right
I'm just wondering what is flex ladies
what have to look at my boyfriend like
that he's gay huh come here
well we're gay I'm sorry deal if I was
straight will something happen if you
gay are gay let's play in each corner
across the room and look at each other
so well let's see I don't know the
better than what pickup lines what's up
boys
let's young boys white white chicken on
my boyfriend guys oh yo got the weapon
homie you think it's fine
don't fight me bro come here gonna shoot
you in the butt booty the actual size oh
I have a question I have a question oh
shit
you were really big and bigger than me
I'm kind of scared of you but why'd you
have to look at my boyfriend huh come on
I just want to talk I'm not gonna trying
to start it probably is he cute or
something what was the reason what
you're looking at I just want to know
like people look at him so I just want
to know the reason did I like that what
do you mean you're gonna get
yeah homeboys are gay but now I'm
actually just walking bar start running
for me no no oh that you're gonna run
for me I enjoy that day are you scared
or something you've been in prison yeah
I see you toffee toffee top yeah did you
get up to booty in prison I was I was
like in prison yeah it's kind of tough
out there man had to block my whole
y'all why checking on my boyfriend's
booty like that come on while you're
chicken my chicken in my like that huh
let's go I have not wasted at all he's
checking out booty let's go bro you
don't look at him like that or homie G I
know you might be big and stuff but shit
you're gonna fight me right I'm a
professional beatbox at all let's go I'm
a fighter I'm just think straight huh
are you guys gay you guys a couple no I
think you guys want yeah oh oh I think
you got not that you guys were looking
at him like you wanted to let cook like
you know we're not gay what are you look
at my boyfriend okay lover like it
wasn't cool like we're just chilling on
the beach and he came with my burger
that you were looking at me you want to
kiss them yeah huh what are you doing
you ready to fight why are you in front
of the cops why what's what do you got
in your pocket are gone oh man don't do
that
none of it no I'm not gonna fuck with
you man you are twice my size
dude guilty well cause he's scared yes
should I knock him out in his teeth
right now
no why can I punch you so you do have
the gun let's go right now
no let's go no you're gonna spray me
with your ex yes let's go we're filming
a break oh my god ladies it's not
healthy to drink alcohol while you're
pregnant would you know that
why
