oh my god ladies it's not healthy to
drink alcohol while you're pregnant you
know that yeah why who's pregnant you
know oh thank you see this is all for
entertainment this is all for instant a
big kill you I know that go garland
she's gonna be like holy shit let's
don't go home now and throw up please
don't go bulimic oh my god that's so
cute how much how many months are you
pregnant huh is that a white baby or a
black baby it's a black baby that's cute
that's cute it's cute
what yes your baby that's my baby all
right let's make another one okay hey
what's up is that a boy or girl
is that a boy or girl well I'm just
asking she looks pregnant really oh I
didn't ask you what you're gonna name
your baby yeah how many months are you
pregnant
Hey huh huh you look pregnant so I was
gonna see what can I pay your baby
you're crazy god they were just really
cute to ask you because my mom is
pregnant so that that would be really
cute yeah is that bad
I'm kidding you're on camera you're
filming a break I wanted to say
congratulations for the baby the baby's
coming out what's the guy's name it oh
it's your head coming out of it oh I'm
sorry
who's wonder is a healthy to be on the
beach while you're pregnant what oh is
that why you're on the beach oh you're
not pregnant
Thanks six months overdue six months
overdue with a baby died well you killed
it
I killed mine a poop pushed my wife down
the stairs bro
jump on something is that a black baby
or white baby
why baby shit they got it was a joke
I'll show you I saw you're pregnant from
far away so I wanted him so I wanted to
give you a cute shoes I don't know if
it's a boy or girl
no is it a boy or girl your own camera
we're just going up two beautiful girls
like you
and see if they get offended did you get
offended why are you laughing you did
yes he though you're in great shape I
would never go up here out of shape over
Bevers she loves it
