mr. girl does she squat what yeah let me
ask her hey hey hey hey hey stop
listening to Justin Bieber do you squat
squat yeah let me let me match gonna
measure it are you serious yeah I need
to see if you qualify for my party huh
even squad yeah because my booty looks a
little bigger than yours yeah what kind
of spots do you do well I'm just
measuring booties around here gonna
measure your booty yeah see if you
qualify for my party tonight
she's definitely a good friend atella
look at look at this trick watch this
put your number in my phone here you go
why don't ya give squatting give
squatting
eleven okay she's Spotify for the party
qualify for the put yours your turn okay
so we leave for the ending eleven to a
perfect
you should qualify for a Nutella I don't
know I think so even squat squat you can
squat Wow
squat is high yeah let me see naka make
her make a banana nut I'm just I'm being
serious listen I'm the new guy in town
that transforms bang cake booties to
nice round booties you guys need help
nice form a nut every detail all kinda
yeah what's yours
but seriously get up with Nutella in
your booty
even squad you squat squat yeah yes are
you sure can I measure your booty oh
color this it's excellent
I'm gonna measure again we're gonna come
on to uh 11 dude I put Nutella in that
booty and eat it like no tomorrow I know
baby
oh my goodness wasn't here to let me
smell let me measure these Oh fantastic
should I put my face in it
yeah yeah oh oh this just woke me up
