what's going on everybody today I'm
going to ask people if they want to get
naked do you mind if I get her naked huh
do you mind if I get you naked
kill me we're gonna kill me with with
this mil guns yeah here you go just
naked can I get your naked let me just
get you naked man come on huh you're gay
I'm not getting off
oh you so maybe I make it excuse me guys
hi do you mind if I get her naked gonna
get a gay teammate no I just want to
give you naked why is flipping out we
just it's not a pick-up liner we're just
making a prank videos that go if you're
in our video oh you watch my bangbros
I'm gonna get you guys naked real quick
sorry gonna get you naked yeah why
because it says so huh no just get naked
ah
Nate would you mind if I get you naked
why you don't like to drink smoothies
I'm just just giving you a that's it
do you have her on video camera no but I
have you on a video camera right now
I'll break that shit right now
if you break you're gonna pay for it now
you're gonna fucking pay for what I'm
gonna pay for I'm not doing anything
illegal
Hostel unit now you're threatening me
gonna knock me out no I'm not threatened
you I'm telling you it's a prank video
man people law we don't want a shit one
that's it so get the fuck outta here oh
my gosh you came to me my friends I want
to make sure that there's nothing on
there with us there's a release form
shooting sign once so I can do it yeah
you can you get the fuck out of here bro
excuse me do you ladies want to get
nature please do you mind
yeah oh that's your girlfriend she would
mining forget her naked what's gonna
happen
I'm it here you go that's awesome
