hey what's up man uh what are you doing
sir what Sigma are you on the phone yeah
I know but you coming to the gym to talk
on the phone or what so what you're
coming into the gym to be on the phone
or show off your muscles what are you
trying to do kidding
no no you're working around us so you
can't show off your small muscles around
here bro we're gonna get that okay
no you can't be like a prima donna
around here okay
hey let me help Michael you right back
thanks
are you joking you serious serious did
you want something else or is that it I
know these are your friend yeah
oh no just I was talking to him are you
- you guys walking around like with
small muscles and stuff I was just
trying to see what's going on yeah yeah
you want a little more weight man what
you want a little more weight well why
not huh no no for you cuz like if you
want to work out back and get a nice
Becky you know a little heavier let me
see let me see everybody yeah I like a
hunchback I'm not you're dumb you got to
look to get a little more so oh yeah uh
anything else protein shake what kind of
protein shake it oh yeah know how to get
skinny like a little baby yeah it's see
like a little baby and let me know you
want ugliest Farkle I don't know which
one to swag I don't know I'm ugly ugh I
just fuck yeah I was gonna go that one
but then I saw you and I was like uh
yeah excuse me muscles dude well I heard
again only gays uh where tinks up to the
gym why is no vice vice okay well I'm
Tracy also that's cute hello hooker
all right man I I don't shake guys hands
walk
thanks very much Disher miss uh but how
is it good
better sure you should I sit back with
you what are you doing what's up with
the weight my grandma lives more than
this man yeah gotta be grandma oh you
guys got to push a little harder you
know what I mean
so I got forced at second we already did
decline so what is that supposed to mean
do you guys want $10 for a protein shake
to get your muscles a little bigger no
just like guys like you at the gym you
guys need to come push the weight man
come on throw three of those you sure
yeah
all right maybe you should sign up for
yoga classes then uh-huh I'm the swagger
spongebob with the fucker yeah you a man
no I wanted to see if you wanted more
weight oh yeah house with the second is
to the tips that I need Saget it what
about thank you you see mine yeah what I
was trying to gather you my chest you
need a little bigger chest
yeah that's not work oh here we go huh
what for you okay yeah
what is it 45s huh what does their 45s
yeah oh this light man okay 125 for you
I don't wanna why
you can't lift that Nana I wanted to go
out with competition with you now give
it back huh
I don't give a fuck why are you so mean
leave me alone are you from like a
commercial 1/800 need help now from like
the starving kids or no no oh do you
lift huh you lift his last time I
checked it was like a small arm oh you
weren't the guy from the commercial this
like need help because he couldn't lift
or something huh who teaches you how to
lift Oh
who teaches you how to lift me really
really can I show you how show me how
well yeah to lift yeah yeah we
huh what do you mean I understand like
how to teach you how to lift me teach
you ya know me teach you no no I'm
trying to get you a little bigger if you
want you know it's okay
what about boxing you want a box no you
think I'm gonna take you down or
something
no I'm trying to box yeah you want to
box me no I'm trying to just drink okay
okay what did you fight her huh
you'll fight yeah looks like a need a
little bit of work that's it for your
muscles and it would be good good
alright how do you feel guys to be the
smallest guys at the gym no right now
let's go you want you can think you can
outlive me what's up does does what
comes up and tells me that be the
smallest guy to do they're all small you
guys all small huh while you didn't do
that in America I'm a way you're you
really want to fuck with me right now
come on right now all of you I was gonna
tell you looking your muscles now you're
a small guy you guys even lift
excuse me which is that you're gonna
punch me well you're gonna hit me if you
say it again I will
