hey what's up come here let me see your
arm mmm Snickers satisfaction
oh it's tasty yeah got enough it's thick
there Twix I need a moment to think that
she number in my phone yep what's your
name
excuse me ladies I have a question are
you guys actually black good you know
what you know what happened to me the
other day some girl added me on Facebook
right and she was black we started
talking and stuff we went out into
dinner and I see like her skin started
like you know something like melting ass
on a touched her she painted herself
black because she liked me that much can
you believe that
so what since you're black kinda like
black girls I would like to take you out
tonight is that fine yeah everywhere
anywhere you want yeah sure I'm huh
thank you put your number in my phone
hey is that is that true the blacker the
berry the sweeter the juice you're not
sure well let's find out tonight put
your number in my phone
come on put it in we're going out
tonight somewhere to space somewhere yes
you're not sure
that's bad we're gonna find out tonight
how are you calling your phone oh you
make sure you get my number
right how could you do a cutie like me
all right why you doing by yourself no
boyfriend mom bring your mom too
we go to space take the shot out whoo
what's up yes yes I can't believe this
just put your number in my phone oh is
that a paper I get you're pregnant and
you have your baby and then pay your
child support
I just knew look pretty I just want your
baby so I'm just kidding hey let's hang
out tonight
put your number on what's your name I
know well I tried to milk you but your
chocolates not melting so maybe my hot
body can turn you into chocolate fondue
and I can different strawberries some
bananas in it but before we're talking
about that for dessert what you packing
over there sushi or fish cuz if it's
sushi I don't mind a little soy sauce
but it fits Salman I don't mind a little
lemon you know so for that I like you I
put your number in my phone please
my name is Astana just get it's vitally
like in text you I can what I reckon
stain just some naked pictures what I'm
going a haircut a hacker no no no no I'm
like no hey what's up how much how much
for you no I'm kidding no Vitaly yeah
what's your name I'm from here my aunt
Walt originally from Russia what's up
what are you doing tonight
yeah my camera guy we're just filming a
video just how to pick up black girls
put your number of my phone
