hey guys today I'm in the hood and I'm
gonna go sell cocaine not the drug just
an energy drink you guys didn't you guys
interested in some cocaine some cocaine
huh no I'm not police no cook energy
drink cocaine yeah its energy drink bro
no let's only have one I'm right now
I've been going out run sorry if you
guys got the wrong idea good I want you
you guys you guys want some cocaine to
wake up no okay to wake up huh why not
you don't want it energy drink man
no no no no no it's a Red Bull what's up
you're working you look like you're
little tired and you want to boost with
some cocaine no huh okay
why not it's an energy drink like what
there's another cocaine I got yeah up to
75 above it
hello good coke cocaine on that cocaine
on deck cocaine yeah you want some
cocaine yeah you do yeah huh why not you
guys yeah what you want it do you want
it yeah huh yeah you sure yeah we got
him he's here yep
you want a little boost with cocaine you
want cocaine yeah for you cocaine
cocaine wino are you guys interested in
buying some cocaine
huh no no cocaine huh no oh you guys
know no cocaine energy drink oh wow he
does cocaine huh why not what do you
mean what kind of cocaine do you want
you want cocaine right Santa's you drink
though there's something else called
this with this name what I don't know
what is it no no no I know but yeah
take it easy sorry for misunderstanding
yo are you or are you interested in some
cocaine you need a little boost not I'm
just asking if you want some cocaine bro
yeah which guy what I got yeah nope yep
