oh wow
you remembered the sluts I was talking
about it yeah they're right in front of
me yeah yeah I'm gonna ask one sec hey
where'd you get those glasses man
where'd you get those sluts oh really oh
oh I'm sorry you got a sluts
slide shit no no oh yeah
I'm so sorry do you know where I can
find some white sluts are you I have
black slots I'm looking for white slots
oh yeah yeah I know not these sluts
but yeah wait I have black slots do you
know where I can find some white slots
white floods it's white sluts wear white
slut yes just a white no no no not this
kind of smut oh good for you well I have
black sluts I'm looking for white sluts
Oh slut yeah hey guys would you be
interested in some black sluts tonight
like what sluts black godmother soon huh
what the hell is that I got black sluts
white sluts gold diggers shady sluts one
suggested to go alright no actually
there's sunglasses I was wondering you
know you know where you can find some
white sluts I'm staying right sluts you
know where I can find some huh
drinks white sluts anyway you got it
better
no no sluts shade slugs I have plenty of
rec sluts you know where you can get
some white sluts white black sluts love
ya white sluts right slut you don't know
white people
oh I know I'm talking about these sluts
the wife's love oh you know do you know
where you can get some white sluts some
white sluts some white sluts what's so
funny ya know they the glasses can't
walk white sluts put your number in my
phone because I said so vitaliy do you
guys know where any other black sluts
are yeah black sluts no are they giving
any black slips away today everything I
go slut know like the sunglasses they're
giving them away I was looking to see if
you guys knew where anymore work so then
häôs it you want a black slut would
you want a black slut what's black sleep
my sunglasses I got a pair extra pair of
black sluts don't know if you want them
oh you're free
yeah because I mean you're here inside
everyday what I figure you could
accompany or what yeah no I just have
extra pairs yeah I got all kinds of sets
then giving them out on the beach lay
rubber glue man yeah I figured like it's
the trick here no there's sunglasses now
this here's what they are oh there's
crossing black sluts figured you could
use them very secret GPS are the device
inside I appreciate it and a problem
have a good idea
