ask them if girls actually like getting
rim jobs my question was always trying
to figure out do girls like to give rim
jobs the girls like to give rim jobs
that was my main question why would I be
retarded come here don't I'm just it's a
question
knock Mina why am i disrespecting them
fucking why would you knock me the fuck
away why would you not do it oh wait why
would you knock me out your disgusting
little crit your disgusting high gauche
off your ugly ass anyway god damn girl
that bun is sexy
god damn you sexy don't hang up hang up
the phone hang up the phone now ask her
what's her favorite flavor of ice cream
Holly what's your favorite flavor of ice
cream butter pecan
you guys mind chokolate mine is
chocolate you'll love it as ice oh I
have a question where did you get that
ass go go go 180 go and eat it just 180
and stop god damn where'd you get that
ass mmm is this too much for you I'm
just a crazy white boy all right now get
a number come here you know what I'm
gonna make this simple as simple as I
can make and just ask for your number
and please put it in thank you put it in
tell her you get you wrote our poem
after this I wrote you a poem no you
want to hear it I really do all right
IRA get ready look I have to remember it
Lamborghini mercy Lamborghini mercy yo
chick she so thirsty your chick is so
thirsty it's not your boy go go Cory
okay Lamborghini mercy your chick is so
thirsty I want to get in your pants
because I think you're so sexy so girl
turn around and let me stick my booty
inside your booty well does it make any
sense
did everybody know have you ever had
white dick have you ever had a white
cock you did cool cool have you ever had
sex on the beach have you ever had sex
on the beach yeah cool cool
you're very spontaneous okay I had a I
had a sex on the jetski while my
girlfriend was riding her show it sure
show her how it's done
pretend you're driving the jet ski come
on okay okay now just balance that
that's how we did it before I go slap my
ass
can you want to slap my ass hey what is
that
okay now slap it again no no no my ass
is this this is my ass laughing your ass
I'm gonna select that say you're gonna
cocks lever oh I'm gonna cock slap you
were just kidding at you all right hey
told you black girls best reactions bro
be like I might be like am I on drugs
are you just that hot are you on drugs
or are you just that hot I have to know
awesome take a seat with me I get to
know you okay be like my girlfriend
dumped me because I stuck a GoPro in her
ass and uh my girlfriend just broke up
with me because I stuck a GoPro in her
ass and she she said she would let me do
it and she wanted to do it but then
afterwards she didn't like it sing
Beyonce back to 9 I wanna dance for you
Wow tonight I wanna put your body on my
body
thank you do you know what the Beyonce
song well it's like tonight I wanna
dance for you tonight I wanna dance for
you put your body like a hmm
tonight I wanna dance for you sure what
is going through her mind right now like
she's probably look she's still didn't
leave she loves it she doesn't know what
to do with you
my god it's awesome
yes that's one of my favorite songs by a
teacher how to twerk put your feet on
that curb and it starts working your
booty be like can you do this can you do
this what what's what's what's at work
put your hands on the sand and your feet
on the curb and starts working feeling
what is its work that's no I didn't know
I didn't know I didn't know what it is I
actually don't my friend just told me
about it he said it's a dance said he
would show me
I've never get bad your hands on the
sand there's like a hand your hands me
this no hands on the sand hands on the
sand my hands and feet feet on the curb
just like anything I've said yeah and
now it's work and now shake your ass be
like do you know how to talk to artwork
to artwork the be like do you know how
to talk how you doing it right is it
work is that that LS I gave it in before
you go back let's exchange numbers
man here's the thing I don't know how
soon you have to go back so before you
go back let's exchange numbers and then
we'll continue talking from that yeah
okay smooth smooth smooth where's your
number nine seven one with my cock
aggressively say it now hey you might
have a knock you out with my fat cock
like war
