Debra killed danke
they get ready to go live
West Sun Life Stadium mommy Dolphin
Stadium to be sure the debacle and
public burden of the Marlins ballpark
weighs on the minds of many as this goes
through the process
Lori Christie we have somebody coming up
in our live report what I was gonna tell
you is this is gonna cost oh you dog
Sally would love vitaliy I'm just gonna
pull the Jeep right behind and shit
he's live he's talking goes to a special
election no one wants to see the
taxpayer put that bill so they're gonna
try to come up with some alternative and
one final note miami-dade Mayor Carlos
Jimenez want some guarantees thanks to
Rosh apologize for the interruption the
dummies even left
do even less I think my dear lady who I
love
what you pooping on
tell me what you know if convicted he
faces life behind bars we're live here
at Kendall Diane Fernandez 7 News
