hey guys today i represent papa pull up
your pants agency so I'm going to go
around and tell people to pull up their
pants let's see what kind of reactions
are gonna get I'm gonna have to give you
a ticket bro what we're putting your
pants too low have you heard of Papa
it's a pull up your pants agency may
come my pants in that local come here
come here come here
hello let me skin it away from me boy
huh you got a pull up your pants bro no
no get away for wearing your pants too
low it's a poopa did you have your tofu
pop so we're gonna have to give you a
ticket uh are you gonna wear your pants
oh let me see
it's more up let me scan it hold on oh
this is funny
did you bring it up a little bit higher
yes shows me that you do the thing yeah
you're just showing me skewing you a
little bit higher to for you I'll hold
your drink man well that little bang
here's your looking thank you oh yeah
yes so yeah we didn't know we should if
people tell you you're on the comedy
prank show right now the way I see you
pooper smoke whoop yeah
go see my belt you can see our boxers
man I'm gonna have to give your ticket
oh honey how do you know
stuff like notice what can you pull them
up for me Oh can't pull them up for me
alright man that's good we're killing a
prank ah that's nothing where you guys
on vacation
you'll be on vacation yeah you're on
vacation to get on probation and come
back on violation you know what I'm
saying so would you mind pulling up
those pants for me please I never yeah
look it up when you get home let me scan
it want to ski in my pants
it's negative for under your waist can
you put your mind pulling them up this
2013 bro it's a I never do that can i
scan it well when this thing we do is
getting scanning how long your pants
down because they don't allow this in
here right well I know you become a
tribal you know I'm not sure no I'm not
trying yeah I don't know you for the
street nigga you go contact my pantry I
don't know where they my daddy let you
team let me go see your family
no not let me see it scan it legal case
it's a pull up your pants a you can see
but you know there's something might
slip in your booty hole or something
like that or trying to get guys check
you out
oh no okay well so what's the reason you
should pull up your pants get it to
respect people thank you
how are we doing is that okay if I give
you a ticket for wearing your best oh
man oh very good
yeah just put it up can I scan it you
know what scan your pants
it's detected of stolen hold on but
what's your honest reason - for people
that will let fans down moto I was
trying to scream from here but you know
I'm just saying I got okay guys are
gonna be looking at your ass and they're
gonna and they're gonna want to plug
your hole in do you want doing you want
to plug in for your bowl this you want
to plug in for his hole he's nice yes
ah your pants are too low someone have
to give you a ticket
well is that okay oh hey I'm not full of
wine on that well what are you
representing when those pants are down
yes good question swag nah that's why
this is me this house go like this how I
give it up what do we give it up give it
up you're in your booty no not my booty
homie Oh relax with all that faggot talk
okay no I'm saying I don't play like
that
yeah I understand I'm saying yeah you're
right but this is how I go now go see it
love it respect it exactly and guess
what it's a comedy show you I'm pranking
hey should I pull them up for you Oh
should I pull them up for you yeah pull
up your pants you know pull down my
pants yeah no pull down why would I pull
down
I don't wanna pull them off put them on
look I might kill it
am i doing you to take up your time it's
too hot in here booty ain't sure enough
up up man look at this well my true love
my foot two plus two equals four yeah
you're there you just give me a ticket
well they're coming now my yeah so would
you mind pulling up your pants man yeah
I don't want to you pull them up a
little higher higher let me let me let
me scan let me let me scan it though
it's still still negative 4 can you pull
up a little higher man seriously I don't
want to give you $300 ticket
a little higher a little higher a little
hot just can you pull up a little higher
that's all I'm at a little higher I
don't want to give you a ticket man I
don't want to get fired yeah put them up
a little higher okay I'm not gonna give
you a ticket can you pull them up for me
pull them up tight it up tight up the
belt tight it up oh you talkin to you
want to get a ticket my pants all the
way on though are you sure wake up okay
but how about I tell you I'm just
kidding with you on your own Cameron
this is a prank
what is your life philosophy my life
philosophy that don't let people tell
you what to do do what you want to do in
life don't listen to anybody
