you're in public your public the video
taking long video Devin talk to you
videotaping we're just walking around
having fun look where you go to the
camera gamble I mean of a prosperous
women luck are you relaxed we don't want
any no no listen if you care about my
face if you don't care about my fucking
face right you don't want to see the
real if you listen get the fucking key
you don't want it on my fucking you
don't want your reaction to be done
recording that fucking thing you to go
fucking yo listen you're just looking
for trouble for trouble okay if you
don't want your release to be there you
do you to just say get the fuck out of
your party fuck I won't post you right
here approver I prove right here we're
allowed to film you we're allowed to
film you in public you can Roy Roach
what's up we're a lot to fill me in
public my friend yeah well I look you
look like an idiot in front of all these
people fucking piece of shit
she's going to touch me
huh what we do you keep watch you talk
you're really gonna fight me right now
thank you
yeah you want to fight you bro oh you're
in public if you say my friend you're
being watched right now because you're
screaming right now man screaming out
your fucking asshole if you say hey
don't feel me quietly - will that's it
we want you yeah because what if you
fight him we got it on tape you're in
public man nobody's filming your asshole
but you just looking for trouble looking
for trouble you came up to me you
fucking scumbag we're filming a prank
man everybody's laughing at all why
would he's fucking laughing around here
laughs it off you fuckers
this gonna get a million views right now
for what you're doing what we do what am
i doing because you're fucking
interrupting somebody's privacy you get
the fuck away Bob
well if you're following me you're
following me with that little fucker hey
hey hey is it legal to record in public
it's legal so don't follow me all right
I didn't record whoever I want if you
don't want your privacy why you're
talking why are you fucking yeah follow
me to the parking lot
fucking Rodi Rodi motherfucker keep keep
the roid rage to yourself
mint mill hey hey it's a million years
right there if you keep on going you
gotta get three million views
