hello hi
so may I give your girlfriend a kiss
walking all may give your kisses walk
the goal
because I wanted to give her a kiss
not even a Hershey chocolate kiss that's
good is that good yeah you wanna enjoy
yeah excellent gonna give your kisses
why you don't like chocolate kiss yeah
haha hi can I give your girlfriend a
kiss
yeah when I go to jail can I give her a
kiss he'll gonna go to jail I want to
give her a kiss the chocolate may give
her a kiss Oh why my girlfriend why
would you ask that question I just want
to give her kisses fuck is your problem
what's obviously really yeah you walk
around asking questions like that yeah
you're got your deal Hershey Kisses man
what's your problem really bro like I
mean honestly you walk around asking
questions like that yeah I'm giving
kisses oh really
I think you're a nice guy I can see it
in your eyes but god damn bro Hershey
Kisses how much you have to drink yeah
well because you drink that's why you
want to hurt me
relax they love it they love it after
they find out this mmm mmm mmm hey man
five I give your boyfriend a kiss
give him a kiss would you like a kiss
kisses
you gotta hurt me well maybe you kisses
right here bro haha I don't want to kiss
it
hey man no it's a joke it's a joke it's
a joke it's a joke
look it's a joke it's Hershey Kisses
dude come on it's choc chocolate oh I
just want to eat canary give one of your
kisses right can I give you kisses shit
require a different thing brother
bro I just want to give you some
chocolate kisses yeah you're on camera
is that cool oh yeah
mind if I give you girl yes yeah couple
kisses
you really asked me well I'm asking ya
time you watch what's on your stuff huh
kisses question oh can I keep it kid huh
what gonna give you kisses kisses yeah
you're right
ah I like that
may give you a kiss
witty man give you her kisses no I'm
just a kiss please just a Hershey
chocolate kisses oh you mean that one
yes okay
please does this fit on a Buddhist run a
little fight rush game emerged on the
scene yet not seen from kasnia - how
about you keep this here for her she's
with the same cookies god bless you
thank you okay sorry
you got to be on your friend shit you
got a beat
yeah you gotta be SH you got to be on
her I mean you sure to take Harris up
here oh oh
