take a picture of your arm you ought to
take a picture yeah why I want to
picture my heart is this the skinniest
thing I ever seen in my life
that's bro you got to start lifting man
you're getting yourself with do a heap
you butt hurt my friend what is that
supposed to mean you about to get
yourself into a world child my friend oh
yeah using your term I walk away
really yeah lift up your glasses oh yeah
oh oh what are you doing you call me out
in the middle of fucking you're gonna
fight me you call me out for being small
in the middle of court you are here I am
you doing what do you mean what am i
doing you must be looking to get punched
in the face well if you punch me but
whoop whoop which cheap yo do you guys
need a number of the gym you sure yeah I
was just looking at you guys need to
start lifting a patient's we going to
Gemma I love you
are you sure about that guarantee let's
go let's do I got to get on the bike too
I got a black top but I I'm pushing this
motherfucker you're pushing I'm pushing
no what if you can lift you better put
over your shoulder and walk with it all
right let's go light bike I promise you
I'll holla yeah 185 185 of wood what do
you want to do with Express how many
times you want to do it five is he that
says I was expecting the number
somewhere around 3000 should not America
play college football I'm trying to go
to the league I put up to 25 at least 15
times right now awesome girl you want to
do well I'll tell about weight less than
you do too
I say let's go but you start going
I mix up my eye what's up bro leaving
lifts even libera are you look on that
skin delicious man you know the girls
bigger than you but I start lifting
excuse me yeah Oh who's just alright
do you can lift yeah because you look
like a chicken arm so take it off yeah
what do you say hang on huh what are you
saying
but you look small why you say that huh
why do you say that I don't know why
you're saying that
with the Wild Bunch what you say I got
chickens for what do you mean what are
you saying try to look like a big shot
so what do you mean I try to look like a
big shot we talking about I'm just
walking to my car
you're the one trying to look like a big
shot telling me that oh really
I didn't ask you for your fucking
opinion why are you being so rude I came
live are you telling me you - you're
putting me down and I didn't say it word
to you
yo yo yo be a liberal oh do you lift
lift yeah okay look skinny let you know
you don't look like your lift yeah
sometimes all right you gotta work work
a little bit harder for your muscle you
right man motivation motivation New
Year's yeah all right yeah wait were you
going so fast were you going so fast
Jim you need to go milk the cows you
don't work out bro you look small huh
what do you mean I'm just saying like
you look small you want a sandwich you
need to pump some iron moving little bro
do you even lift
what do you even lift bro oh these small
muscles so I'm just trying to sit no I'm
serious you want to press the reset
button and start with this huh no I'm
just saying huh are you twerking with
those muscles what
Thanks
I was gonna tell you looking your
muscles nah you're a small guy you guys
even lift excuse me
what'd you say you gonna punch me well
you're gonna hit me if you say it again
oh whoa oh yeah yeah
really you want to get a battery charge
doing a hot day we do one say it again
say what again say it again I poop my
pants
so I playing what's wrong you guys even
lift small chicken legs and we're using
a reaction all right all right thanks
rod that was good
you're on camera are you being pranked
this is deviant list prank haha that
cool fusion reaction your reaction was
priceless
thanks bro also also
