last with you Coco Vaz de la speak speak
sigit yeah I just proceed caca was de la
loc stoas tom marijuana no marijuana
verbal marijuana can do by security no
variety I'm just saying you basically
look as green as marijuana oh that's
really hot that's really that's really
neat looking fresh yeah thank you sir no
frog refresh all right all right store
yeah it always with multi good wicked
smaht risk of damage removal Asami store
your posture vamper juice crush this
model disk again which occurs hitting go
Sam sir I don't know what you say I
don't know hey what's up they speak
English yeah you do yeah I'm saying your
hair is long okay and you look like a
girl set that you're hot is that sweet
you have a little boy biggle oh boy
start with a little boy biggle oh boy
nobody cricket is sitting here press the
demo I'm sure to the bumper sell all
right no no strolling in here I don't
understand what you say yeah I don't
prospect over us leave a girl oh boy no
no no
yeah communion yes Dora I don't
understand what you say I'm asking you
if you're gay oh oh oh okay so you were
answering the right brush Thank You boss
can you pretty much hombre let's go
buddy right - yeah with the crew
football cool big Molly Molly Molly the
dalish narcotic why do you speak I don't
speak new language I speaking with
respond I don't speak your language Kaka
was de la know with the questio
colliding key with equation collide
nikki is Creole with the questio
colliding key the lab - Davi
yeah I'm saying you so chocolatey
I want to eat you Saturday chocolate my
CC no nobody see me my sister was her
Josephus passage was watching Chrissy
whiskey Adam oh boy watching women
Russia store they Adam Oh huh I'm just
saying can a box
not you these in a box to that box when
you run out surfing right guys focus
toys to go fast or it sorry I don't
understand when you merge give me a
Panetta cookus toilet no Condor man
yeah do mo process cocoa
