let's go guys guys we're not so we're
not fucking around let's go when you're
legally saying you have to come in here
what's up guys welcome to another video
today Leah and I are gonna try to prank
Mel how we're gonna prank milk well we
hired homeland security guys as you guys
know they're from Canada and they're
gonna go to their house and say they're
getting deported why are they getting
deported what they just got their
channel terminated for two weeks and got
another strike to pretend to be a Google
employee at Google headquarters that's
ballsy props I don't agree with YouTube
for terminating their channel and not
letting them upload for two weeks but
instead of that what do I have out of it
a prank idea so we got the homeland
security coming to their house it's
about seven o'clock in the morning on
the Saturday they probably hungover
let's see what kind of reactions we're
gonna go
federal agents open the door miss Jessie
are you Kyle Jessi or Jason I'm Jason
you need to come outside right now folks
right now ready right now you need to
are they well before you step out I need
some ID right away your ID right away
yes but keep your hands up hands where I
can see them let me follow them stay
there everybody else out of the house
you got to come out right now
folks right now are you Jason out of the
bed I don't that will explain it when
you come outside right now let's go who
else is in the house
this isn't step outside right here right
here right on the corner right here stay
there keep your hands there please step
on outside come on outside do you have
your ID I need I need I need your
license right away Canadian are you guys
Canadian yeah okay all right you realize
what's happening here
did you realize about the whole Google
situation Jason is right here okay we're
looking for Jesse yep he's in there you
need to step out right now that's okay
step out right now I don't care about
the shoes I need your license right now
okay
all right we got Jason we at John is
that Jesse come on down here come on
down here folks okay step down here are
you realize what's happening here for
you come on down here right there stay
in there please I think your hands are
going on gonna explain right there
stand here hands in front of you please
I still need an ID where's the third ID
I need you to get it right now okay you
realize what's happening here no idea
okay do you did you guys you obviously
know about the Google situation the
trademark infringement a patent law this
isn't artificial intelligent you were
actually crossed into American territory
any effort nerve nerve okay and you guys
less passed on to the property of the
Google building okay all right all
you're doing is being detained you're
not being arrested okay okay
are these all current yes or anybody's
got a turnaround folks come on down here
narcotics inside the house any weapons I
mean to come down you're Canadian
Nationals he crossed the border into the
United States and we understand you did
that legally but you've entered the
United States and you broke lettera laws
is what you're accused of trespassing on
the Google property that's not a federal
installation but they have this
artificial intelligence top-secret
classified information there and that's
a violation
we're not gonna handcuff you you need to
get some shoes on right now we're going
to go in that van right over there this
one right here the SUV okay let's go
guys guys we're not we're not fucking
around let's go you're legally saying
you have to come in here I this is not
about googling anything let's go we'll
do it that way otherwise whatever you
guys want to do you tell me now
we're not you're not being arrested
you're being detained okay all right
guys this isn't some show okay let's go
we don't want to arrest you okay we have
to send you back then that's fine but we
don't we don't want to have to hold you
incarcerate you at all okay understand
yeah all right let's go let's go guys
and no narcotics nothing on you okay
you have nothing on you no marijuana
okay folks let's go all right all right
let's go let's go just walk it it'll be
it won't be guys right here I need to
come in behind you guys got to come up
front guys right here absolutely
trial court right there let's go there's
no more questioning let's go we do the
questions here
everybody's gotta come in the back again
you're not being arrested it's you can
call my supervisor
all right Homeland Security says hi what
are you doing I never been cussed these
guys have mean why not join okay all
right now what are we key
dude they're on top of their shit man
8:30 in the morning we came out tried to
prank him
they hung over they went out we
definitely got him but it's towards the
end I feel like they started to know
what happened we tried guys make sure
you thumbs up this video if you want to
see me do more pranks or bring other
youtubers or whoever thank you guys so
much for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
