see yeah like not only that she broke up
with me but she egg should cheat on me -
so is like it was really weird but
anyways so we left the club yesterday
and then she went to buy Nutella but we
actually didn't use it so like I was
thinking yeah so she bought Nutella and
she told me to put on her booty but then
she never ended up coming over so I got
kind of mad and that's what happened and
I woke up hilarious I remember I
remember that shit we just guys talking
about
you brought the conversation us your
hilarious Oh about hip hop
so yeah as I was saying like I was
working out late Fitness yesterday and I
want to when I left my baby to to like
to watch you know where they watched the
babies and stuff yeah I came back the
baby was gone I was like why do like one
of the $5,000 reward for my baby and
stuff so I just had to cancel my
membership with a like Fitness I gotta
save up you know to give yeah so it just
it's crazy right
I worked I'm just kidding guys you're on
camera we play we play about I mean I
feel really look at it it's cheaper but
then you know you would never know where
just what conversation comes sorry huh
I'm sorry what'd you say you secretly
listen to me or you just talk our all
can work together no we're just talking
about how cheap tickets you can get for
it's just crazy how they were treating
me like I didn't believe it too but
cheating it huh know how they're
treating me like it's unbelievable so I
was getting inside how was your same
thing or no what huh what how they were
treating you Oh in the whale's room how
they treat me we're in the whales were
here then it's really fine fine we sat
right now we ate we were good ha really
they bought me a fucking piece of jar of
Nutella ones they eat that shit oh
really
okay
so you have I forgot to say sorry what
are you guys saying again yes huh oh you
guys didn't like eating how the for good
food is but what's it's missing like
what kind of sauce you said like a lemon
sauce is missing lemon sauce what about
you you're just talking with me yuh-huh
we just now you're all talking about the
chicken just now wait how's that yeah oh
yeah this was this was did you guys read
that on this he actually dies huh were
you guys talking about the guy he
doesn't get to eat the Nutella so he
dies yeah he doesn't eat Nutella so he
dies the guy that I need to tell her
you guys might be the tools are you
serious
would I be able to put it in your booty
yes Boucher why would you look at my
girlfriend like that bro bro why would
you looking at my girlfriend like that
why would you look at my girlfriend like
that bro you definitely were looking at
my girlfriend your dog us you were
brewski
