hey guys this is my girlfriend Chelsea
hi and today we're filming don't look at
my girlfriend prank which is basically
I'm going to walk around and tell guys
bro don't look at my girlfriend let's
see what kind of reactions we'll get
yo are you serious why would you look at
my girlfriend like that are you serious
babe hold this
are you serious
why would you look at my girlfriend like
that bro bro why would you look at my
girlfriend like that why would you look
at my girlfriend like that bro you
definitely were looking at my girlfriend
not your dog us you were brewski what
are you doing
why don't need to chill because I wasn't
trippin yo bro
why are you looking at my girlfriend man
why would you look at my girlfriend like
that could did why just why why would
you look at my girlfriend like that man
we're just walking have a nice walk at
night and you just look at her Electra
did you see me holding her hand she's
taken well you're not with her so you
obviously you don't have a girlfriend I
do I swear to you
how are you sure bro cuz I kind of felt
offended no I swear man I swear to put
that book down no serious man I swear to
God I wasn't looking at you that's your
girl but she would I swear to you yo be
serious
roll back why would you looking at my
girlfriend like that man I was really
disrespectful
oh are you sure he was like yes are you
are you serious I hope so
yo my friend why would you look at my
girlfriend like that huh like you want
to rape her with a squirrel
do you like squirrels do you my
girlfriend love squirrels too so you
were looking at her good for my fucking
girl yeah do Wow are you serious why
would you look at my girlfriend boobs no
you were definitely walking that way
just to look at her boobs no you were
looking at her no that's why I don't
want to get you why would you look at
her man I was going around Sears I'm
heating well let me get a bite yeah are
you serious why would you look at my
girlfriend like that harassing her
Russ practically spreading Nutella on my
body right with my eyes is that I think
it's just the glasses that does that the
Nutella spreading huh spread the Nutella
linen.i so you were looking to tell off
your booty first yeah I mean yeah I mean
yeah if you weren't in the room I
probably would do that oh that's it baby
hold this I Love You Man
yo you for real why would you look at my
girlfriend like that yeah you did bro
what you serious
what you mean Cole I'm just walking by
talking about your girlfriend yeah bro I
have a couple um I'll be checking out
your girlfriend huh show me the picture
of your girlfriend
pigby don't do that to me to do yo why
are you serious bro why would you look
at my girlfriend like that
are you serious why would you do that
bro why would you look at my girlfriend
I wasn't even looking at you are you
sure are you sure you look like you
wanted to spread Nutella over her booty
you are you serious
yeah are you serious
why are you standing on my girlfriend
titties why would you look at her
titties you look at them again while
you're looking at me you looking at her
you come just listen to music and watch
my class bro hey chill out what happened
you got scared or you were ready oh hey
man
but didn't really answer anything uh I
was gonna walk away cousin I try to
start no shit
are you serious man what why would you
look at my girlfriend like that what
yeah you were come here I'm coming
are you serious bro what yeah come here
I don't know how's it looking at your
girl like that or anything I looked up
what are you doing you smell like my
mother and that's weird
yeah
