to the heart
oh hello brother father
hello hello how do you get how do I get
a custom like you oh the outfit and
everything you have to go down to the
main location but they're like 40 bucks
yeah that's all my real here no it's not
take your head off why are you listening
to my hair I'm not listening it's like a
pillow you don't have lice no no oh it's
okay I've lice yeah okay good stuff had
three hello baby girl you're like a
leprechaun you're so great oh yeah
release
you're gonna tell you to be honest
you're skinny but I can roll blunts
better than you
you've been passed around way too much
more than my blunt yeah I mean yeah you
were rolling honey let me do it 360 with
the bad you smoked once on daily on
dailies yeah you kids guys on daily are
just like eat you oh I say you would
kiss me then if you're working look at
that I just
dress huh dollar no for free which you
huh
what you mean for free huh for free huh
yeah
please it's a banana if I can get the
banana for free I can get the lemon for
free I'm just kidding with you
yep
ah got you what's up bro so what is it
for it to get your medical marijuana
license oh yeah what do I get something
an advantage of that sorry would I get
us anything an advantage of that yeah
you get would you let me suck your cock
what the fuck would you let me super
cook no I know faggot excuse me I know
faggot are you sure I'm damn cloud just
want to suck your cock are you a fag
don't go yeah you're right
yeah that's not long time let's see huh
long time no see wait a while why do you
think you can rap you suck bro I just
have to give you my honest opinion I
like I can rap do you can rap yeah
you're the first choice you never told
me that
that really so if you're a wrapped how
come you're not sign I am I can rap
about it
okay rap rap for me go ahead freestyle
freestyle to the music in the rap - Lil
Wayne music - listening to an array
that's not rapping so you start on that
good shit but they be on that bullshit
and not be really pulling click for you
know I don't do that shit I'm from the
suburbs I over the high in the middle
and I'm right here duck duck goose
suburbs sunburns I don't care I'm up
some bird look at you we put you a
little some bird you break it the meat
which I like it you're in color of
Nutella let me eat your hand because
you're a little funny guy with the picot
Uno's it's okay my nose is good too but
I got a better game record then you oh
yeah I can bust a rhyme Rock I like a
rhyme like I never been around before I
can I can hump your leg
cuz I'm a better rapper nd I was good
like the full-face I tried
excuse me guys are you guys filming for
something oh no oh I just wanted to give
you a kiss you too I kiss for you no no
no kid no please I kiss for you I'm cool
yeah you're gonna kiss now you on camera
- I'm a cool guy like you thank thanks
long time yeah walk bro you've been
family brother I'm doing great bro
you still divorced yes did you give me
Marik I fucked my wife and she left me
damn did she leave you for your brother
wait for your father for my brother what
about you bro you're turning black with
the day man I'd be your complex oh yeah
but what happened the Telus barrel over
I put a lot of suntan lotion ah huh
I put a whole lot of like what is dead
that looks like a Des Moines but it's
not a joint Oh baby I love baby won't
let me see your booty
you don't know no booty huh oh no I
don't know no Mack okay I never skate in
my life let me see okay that's the
spongebob oh wow look at that
Oh fake fake what what is it let me try
it
I don't know much all right god I got
one more for you what kind of board is
that that looks cool
one may just stop me and say what's that
big man tell me as I saw you back there
okay so you know there's a camera in
front of us so let's do a little acting
let me see what you got don't me if you
see what you get let me see what you got
that's what we just did we just said we
did their good acting like okay let's
pretend let's pretend you your sister
got right now killed in front of you and
the guys running what would you do right
now
did you see yo my sister sitting right
here man you know you got to go ahead
and break after the cat you fucking won
the Edition bro your sandwich subway
commercial get in Java
you give money to one of our story broke
into ugly prostitute donations bend over
fuck it I need to get I both need to get
hot didn't go get somebody and bend over
yeah about that I'm not broke she know
you just don't look good enough to sell
yourself exam
you got a lip book by looking broke we
need to rip that we need to rip those
pants open right open no no don't be
scared
that's cause you bro
30 bucks no that's not true that's not
sure I have the hairy spider hole you
ever see in my life yo check his eyes up
check my hairstyle check his ass up the
food don't look like a line to you what
the fuck is this supposed to mean these
are you a gangster and South Side South
Side nigga we represented
hmm we seen Miami zombie prank I always
do exactly that
okay we're gonna make this disturbing
the peace very interesting I'm gonna
give him my wireless microphone and I
want to see him how he like we're
filming disturbing the peace by 10:00
last night and let me see what you're
gonna do please don't get arrested with
my wireless microphone do something
legal but funny so you got this kid this
is good this is an interesting addition
of disturbing the peace fuck go up to
that girl and be like I want to kidnap
your baby uh I can kidnap them right
quick
just five minutes no five five seconds
i'ma just bring it to the candy shop
look look listen no I really want just
let me kidnapping please come on come on
now let me get him take my baby
all right you better put him some John's
on his feet
so you know a lot of people saying oh
only black people climbing trees sounds
like monkeys that's really disrespectful
so you know let me try to climb this you
know I can be a monkey too so stop being
racist oh oh shit how do I get back duck
