Mitali cdtv vitalyzdtv vitalyzdtv the
Tally's didn't swallow the competition
very my opposition you niggaz is flexing
like Texan know MetroPCS is hydration
created a moviemaker I'll make a movie
so epic you think I was Heath Ledger on
record sell me a Chris tonight call me a
Dark Knight Christian Bale and the cool
turn wheels like hip like like pinwheels
on the carousel nigga you don't want to
try to battle me this is South Beach I
will take you to the streets and little
doubt meet you don't want to try to see
me home as a matter of fact you better
try to see these crows whatever when I
pull the tool out you go see these bones
and you're gonna land six feet deep you
won't see these homes oh okay I might be
not as professional but this guy but I
got something is she with you
what who she jasmine how much it cost
how much it cost no I'm just fuckin with
you what I need to do to have your body
like you huh I'm trying to turn into a
girl now I'm just fuckin with you
who's your boyfriend here that's not
your boyfriend alright let's do a live
scene right now I was creating a penny
but I bent her over come on come to a
job I might be white but I'm really a
Haitian I chill at the gas station I
played PlayStation like there is no
tomorrow
you're standing in front of me you think
you can see me but I look right through
your eyes and there is nothing in it I
fuck bitches every day what you do you
play Call of Duty part 3
bitch you're buying part 4 already I
can't believe it
this is so crazy that had to come and
battle you well I see you too bad
I ain't got no cold of duty game piece
yeah
those the best excuse me girl let me see
your tits oh my goodness oh my why'd you
let them up you know you were no you
know you want to bounce them up and down
oh snap down just thought we doing a
shot is that natural I know get a touch
let me touch then I'm not sure check out
can I kiss her now I'm gonna have to
make out with your ass gonna show ah
just stand oh my god you guys are so
beautiful come on you got to hold it you
got to hold it you got to help me on
Ella you're too hot girl come on look at
that
a street instead of the 8th Street
Latinos are you guys eighth Street
Shaniqua its 8th Street what are you
guys doing 8th Street we usually should
pouring around here horn yeah porn get
it a little 360 for me girl this is
black girls gone wild oh my god oh yes
black our a trip booty girl I love you
what let me see you shake that booty
girl let me see let me see
can I see Hey
oh my goodness look look at that
earthquake I love that black ass I wish
I can eat that black ass oh my goodness
that's just like earthquakes can I touch
can I touch it'll touch oh my god that
shit's nice as fuck Canaan to you girls
can I answer you huh can you do it I
just I just that I have a like a really
crazy fetish about thick woman and is
there any way I can get you come on oh
my god I just want to do like in jackass
then you sit on my face that's all with
you why not I love that kind of shit
oh you're beautiful girl oh my god oh
wow you're really good bro oh my gosh
I'm bound bombuh
you like it yeah
to bet it's an episode of Gossip Girls
she's me girl what do I need to do to
your ass what what do I need to do to
your ass what do I need to do to your
ass what you did to the ones that say
what do I need to do to your ass put
some chocolate on it and fucking eat
that shit like there's no tomorrow
