excuse me girl can I interview uh on the
subject what are you doing here
I just want I'll get a ten damn you're
the queen deficit interviewing me cuz
I'm once I'm done I'm done yeah you're
done once you're done yeah recording me
yeah I'm recording you good I just
wanted to know how long did it take you
to grow out that ass just tell me how
long you men
I'm not zooming in just tell me you can
tell me turn that bus three cartons of
milk and five packs of cheese Dominican
cheese
I can a baby all that ass the one that
you fry how about a baby all of that ass
no I know just slow motion for me at
home
hating on her really silly innovating
it's awesome isn't it of course oh my
eye Bobby Bob sweet oh my god
Steve Estey Allah I can write civilized
really on truTV come on go get up all
right let me n let me break the fight
I'll take your home let me take you home
now and got no makeup just a little bit
of weird not be quiet shut up a fuckin
cat like oh my gosh oh my god all right
yeah I don't know huh why don't you do
to your ass
oh yeah you heard me look at your lips
like look at your face
like you're just like a perfect Barbie
oh wow I into black dudes just yeah you
can be honest with me
come here come here come here where you
going oh my God look at that booty
excuse me
gonna get a glass of milk Russell milk
why do I have to go inside Miller come
on Neal good don't be shy now tell me
why are you so sexy huh yeah oh yeah
where's your accent from oh my city I'm
from Russia
you're close yes I'm from Russia gonna
have a little 360 you're like the
hottest girl here oh my god look at that
you like this you want to get my number
put my number in it
five six one
eight six zero you're actually the first
one I can remind the tape and show you
I'm serious
excuse me girls gonna interview you yeah
sure what do you guys doing down here
okay respect to see how well I just
wanted to let you know you have nice
titties getting flashing for me please
I'll bless you once okay that's fine
okay that's good
I need some you know I need some milk I
need some calcium in my system I can't
suck on it I go but thank you for you
know I'm just fucking your face happy
hour are you on the happy hour
come on half all for me why not
I'm not gonna pay you just hop off I'm
just like chopping you off for a happy
hour I just get the lower body and then
don't be scared
the CIA machines behind the scenes
behind the scenes is that straight yeah
people
are you guys on the menu no I want you
to be on the menu yeah how much it cost
oh you're not a menu I'll eat you anyway
is that fine yeah you hear that I'll eat
her oh my god girls you guys are so
beautiful can I just eat your ass yeah
yeah can I kiss your booty can you turn
around soon come here come here closer
look at everybody look at our booty oh
that's like bounce too bad that bounced
me back oh my god y'all getting kisses
y'all gonna kiss me
