why being so shy
you know what to say what are you guys
doing what are you filming
let me see this no let me see this oh my
goodness
they can't even fit in my fisheye boo
you see that can you jiggle them for me
up into aw you should you're boring
grill yeah can i - you girls are you
guys shy or knows why you just shush I
was just standing here now you're gonna
be huh I'm trying to some motorboat
since it's gonna motorboat your tits a
motor belligerents oh my god I might get
scared that much it's not I'm just
kidding
not as big as yours guys I have to get
someone else knows I'm gonna look for
some more okay can I see real quick why
not why you can do that yeah interview I
just want to know what we'll have to
kill to get a piece of that ass to get a
piece of grass I'll show you when you
comes out oh yeah you had a boyfriend
hey I'm not black but I got the 9 inch
too so I got to do me like that she's in
shock
9 ain't you heard me you can feel it
right through the pants I'm not even
playing oh my god you know do you know
that my fish I cannot even pick that ass
up I have to be like all the way here to
get that I was a joke we're gonna pitch
it yeah camera action
you got to give her a kiss though he
knows his no now what the fuck is that
just your booty
kiss your booty that's it hi let me kiss
your booty don't be shy then go nowhere
oh my god that's what's up real high
five high five
yo baby yo you know you like that don't
be shy
kanae into you why he's so shy she wants
it but you know why do you have to do
the cock-block what's up where you guys
from
alright really Miami so this is usual
thing for you okay can you do a little
360 for me I love your eyes let me see
it
are they real what's you've been
drinking
I haven't been dancing well some of what
shit keep it right there you're not
ready I've been drinking that new Pauly
D drink it's fucking the pregame on shit
if you guys want to have fun so just let
me know you want to get my number
get my huh I got nothing going on just
like you so maybe we can make something
going on eight six zero mr. Lee yeah you
can kill me huh Kingsley Kingsley they
call me King leave just a little bit
which I can see your ass cheeks come on
what are you gonna be sure oh for work
how much you charge
oh really so you can't just give me a
like a look a sneak peek so I know what
I'm coming for oh that's not a really a
sneak peek I gotta know what I'm going
with to watch come on I got it I got to
see if it's come on I'm gonna see you
I'm with you like my style well come on
oh you're like naked under there you
don't have anything never now oh wow so
you know your faxing is what do you wait
for I'm waiting for it what are you wait
for why you wash him I'm not rushing I'm
rushing oh that's a good one you tried
it you're trying to pull a joke on me oh
yeah so looks like you had a Russian
tini since you know that joke what yeah
you heard me
so
we
Oh
it is bad
oh my you like blue my eyes are blue my
shirt is blue so obviously we match for
each other get into a little 360 for me
No can you do a 360 for me now you do a
little 360 alright gonna get a kiss on
the cheek just the kids really why you
gonna break that shit are you so much
angel eye on y'all I'm scared of cops
