you're so beautiful you can have that
kinda you went to the bathroom and now
you will leave with napkins I get a kiss
for that now mmm you're so gorgeous
why don't you are you latina yes
somewhere ah from where um
Ecuador all right all right ladies looks
like you have enough suntan time to take
this out you already ten enough right
she stand enough to know I'm not gonna
do it see I just was gonna come here and
talk to you are you guys sisters oh nice
she's not let me see her phone number
I'm actually her phone I'm sorry I'd be
too forward with you why is there a dick
picture on your screen oh I'm sorry you
have a daughter so you're a MILF then oh
you are mm-hmm well I don't know your
passcode oh you know I want to cheat you
put my number in it why not we can make
another baby oh no you had enough I'm
trying to have a baby I'm illegal here
I'm trying to stay in the United States
we can make babies and then once we file
the papers we can kill the baby and
nobody will know about it you never
killed a baby before I'm not crazy I'm
just being straight-up forward she's
like damn he's so hot but he's crazy as
fuck well you have boyfriends no you
don't you're just saying so I'll leave
you alone I I don't want to hurt them
what about you now you're not the second
option you're not on two at the same
time what do you mean I can't decide
sisters it's fine we do something like
two girls one cup two girls one guy or
something like is that true
the bigger the oh the bigger the ho the
bigger the oh the bigger the ho no I'm
just I'm just reading online how to pick
up girls it's not a good line to use oh
you're beautiful though so what should I
do for that we can go out tonight it's
not that bad why not
huh yeah but you guys all have
boyfriends and look what happens after
I'm a masseuse part-time masseuse yeah
you are not are you you what you know
you're going to say anything if I give
you a massage you can give me exactly in
five seconds you'd be like holy shit
these guys are really masseuse I'm
serious I was voted number one in Palm
Beach County vitally well I'm just
kidding guys I just wanted to let you
know you're on camera are you being
pranked right now so the camera is right
there yeah yeah the camera is the guy
sitting right there recording I have a
wireless microwave here I'm not kidding
I'm not really weird I'm just fucking
around with you guys this is an this is
an this is an episode how to pick up
girls part four is right there you're
recording this look at this they love it
I'm just the creep on the beach just
going around and talking to girls
yeah you're getting scary she's like oh
shit I gotta call the cops now I'm just
kidding oh yeah how much I mean you just
said speed-dialing Kate and you went
like this what is this supposed to mean
I came here just from Europe I don't
understand American joke what is that
supposed to mean I got her on speed dial
like this oh so yeah I can get your
number why are you into black guys
really the 9 inch black cocks or
whatever you call them in America
because I'm attracted to black woman huh
yeah CJ you can't give me a chance all
day look 16 well I don't know if I
should lied about my age or fish tell
you the truth I'm 28 28 but how they how
young are you I should say how young are
you hmm this guy's in front of us
listening to us well if it's true I
can't lie about it it's not wrong excuse
me sir is that wrong oh I thought you
just said here to listen to us we had an
intense conversation would you like to
have a threesome all right so you're not
into those kind of things marry our
first one mmm Congrats wish I can do
that well in my country like the bigger
the earrings we just hang them hang the
girls with the earrings and we'll just
do whatever we want to them because they
just huh no shit
so get arrested city is down here good
damn Oh six wives three in Korea join
Japan one invoke oh wow so you're a pimp
pimp how come that's it why not 12 why
six couldn't do it anymore can get it up
any more than me okay all right see see
see we have six rides
he has six wives he's cheating on you
how to pick up girls Park for you can
check yourself out on YouTube this is
the guys waiting I'm a normal guy right
I'm not a creep just improv huh wireless
microphone but I hope I look sure you're
being so friendly
show me Oh shown your earrings oh yes
stick right through such as kidding I
see you girls you too
