I'm getting a boner oh I'm so tired guys
been hard day at work
I'm your ex-boyfriend you don't remember
me that's really disrespectful what do
you mean I'm not we used to date in
middle school hook up in the bathroom
you forgot that I can't give it to you
huh
I can't give you this because you left
the house you forgot to do the dishes
you forgot to do everything guys this is
my ex I'm just letting you know let me
talk to her for a sec you forgot to do
the dishes
you forgot to do everything and now
you're going to play with these girls
that's unacceptable what am I really
that funny I don't think so
what happened you're supposed to be in
pre care did that speaking you up in
half an hour
I'm sorry I'm gonna have to take this
sure
can I have a pop kiss then my last pop
get your my ex come on
no you can sit come on I can do you
think she needs to give me a kiss
time to stop
Hey what's going on I just wanted to
come over here and let you know that
you're like the perfect woman you're my
dream girl it looks like you can iron
you can cook you can ride you can do
everything I just can have a kiss on the
cheek
OOP these lovely text messages I miss
you baby I want to ride your baby blah
blah how do you feel that
so you're cheating on me now huh yes
there is a reason huh okay we hooked up
last night now you're gonna ask me Who
am I that's really disrespectful are you
her boyfriend well I'm sorry to
disappoint it's really it's funny too
you know my heart is broken right now
how do you feel I'm gonna go commit
suicide oh yeah I'm not weird or
anything it's just it's it's I'm your
dream girl I want to sleep good tonight
just that kiss on the cheek and that's
it is that possible from you thank you
so much my name is Vitaly yeah
well it might be your last name after
tonight you married why don't you want a
young guy like me I will do anything for
you like seriously bro are you serious
I'm badass
where were we last night huh you know
where we were last night
okay we're fishing we're fishing at
every turn three we hit last night till
5:30 what time I walk at the bar from
ten to five thirty oh it was probably me
I'm sorry I mean I'm here I'm just no
nobody put me up to this
they say that good-looking that you
would seriously try to fucking fuck my
life up to think that you would give a
shit
I'm not fucking your life up I just want
to get no I'm not I just want to give
you a kids that's all I want to do and
you really get it I'm sorry you want me
in my number you wanted to call me if
you think that I was with you last night
on camera right now this is a prank
what would you do tonight if you were
sleeping I came to your house and I'm
putting the teller in your house and I
licked it off what would you do or hop
on how about if yous just so hard yeah
yeah taking off - I know you don't even
get to know me yeah were you invited
almost sleeping already late what aspect
she likes that you like that I like that
hey if you know Mia Cole she asked you
to come over
well why don't you call me tonight know
what's up why don't you call me tonight
maybe you should get her new can I get
your number
come on let me get your number no no
number three seed it's only for me I
what if I let alright what if I let you
sit on my face and just when she lied I
the water is cold man what's up oh
excuse us that's my ex you better
pretend like you don't remember me you
left me you met somebody on Facebook or
Craigslist I don't remember where so you
read we had a long distant conversation
I used to fly it up there she used to
fly down here when we had a lot together
excuse me sir
so she's another man now huh you're with
another man now you know what I'm
talking about the days I used to baby
all your booty and stuff and now while
you're looking dry is this your
boyfriend is it are you here boyfriend
well she's my ex-girlfriend how do you
feel about that you want to dance no we
can dance right here let's go come here
come here come here I'm serious why you
should come in this music right there so
why don't you just apologize to me and
give me my last kiss
why are you laughing I mean this is
really funny to you what you did to me
I'm not being serious she's not being
serious you know at school I'm just I'm
just gonna go kill myself you know when
you swatch it on a noose tonight
somebody kill themselves yeah you're
gonna remember for the rest of your life
that's rule
hey come on shake your baby come on come
on no no no don't be shy come on bounce
your booty are you serious
bout yours huh bounce yours turn around
come on now it's your turn
you got to bounce your booty come on
stop being shy you know you like white
boys come on can I have a kiss huh can I
have a kiss oh just one kiss huh hey cuz
you look beautiful
do it beautiful thank you gonna have a
kiss please on the cheek on the cheek my
girlfriend oh my god you're melting
you're melting I need to freeze you up
again the chocolate is melting oh my god
you're being pranked where there's a
camera
Radhi here let's go kidnap for the
kidnapper we gotta go can have a kiss I
can't
you
