you're getting burned I didn't want you
to get burned the Sun is heavy over
there huh your girlfriend was getting
burnt I didn't want her to get burned
I accept ladies are you doing I'm great
how are you do you like to randomly like
play on people's like it no you're gonna
you're gonna lay down with me and we're
gonna have a threesome on the beach come
on don't be shy
ha oh my god tell your new boyfriend why
would you do that to me
you broke up with me and now you go to
him I'm gonna have to take her back free
means for watch it we were engaged for
four years I think I just could never
afford marriage what's going on no no no
no bye just because I cheated on you
you're really gonna dump me like that
what do you mean you two know me take
off your glasses maybe you'll see you
better cute smile can I kiss you now
whoo you look a little bit hot are you
okay
nah but I'm doing a sex education class
and I was just wondering uh the teacher
wants to know how many booties I can
kiss can I kiss your booty just up
bupkis why not but you know you want it
I can see through your sunglasses the
problem is them into Mills
I'm sorry to be honest with you sorry
you don't want to such a hot young guy
like me or not hot you can be honest oh
nice we can share we can share but let
me ask you something on the scale one to
ten how cute I am
are you serious now I have to give you a
kiss you love the city so obviously you
like the sex because this is the Sex in
the City
now that's New York please
are we in New York right now know what
I'm really doing is I'm doing the sex
education class and I was just wandering
off I'm collecting how many booties I
can kiss gonna kiss your left booty or
your right chick yeah are you sure yes
positive stay both at the same time
positive then I will leave you alone
no 1 1 2 3 positive negative HIV
negative oh crap
Hey Dude what's up hey I just wanted to
ask you what are you doing with my
girlfriend what are you doing with my
girlfriend you told me you going to work
and then you would this guy at the beach
no it's funny it's funny games you want
me to show you the text messages get too
big yeah but your girlfriend's like your
rib now you live here you know who buys
you the plane tickets me
you think you pay for it you can't
afford it you know that you're just
gonna smile like that when you know your
girlfriend is getting in by another guy
ayuh ladies I just wanted to let you
know you're being pranked the cameras
right there
ah the camera is right there you being
praying whoa whoa ladies can you stop
for a sec no wait wait were you going to
go into the beach come to my house I got
a tanning bed there no I'm serious
now I'm doing extra sex education class
for school yeah and my teacher well I
got a to the Russia yeah I got eight
today I need two more I need a kiss one
more left butt cheek and one more right
butt cheek
would you guys be it please please so I
can go home I'm sweating I've been here
all day I get your signature no names
just a signature are you crazy I am
I'm crazy in bed hey there Pink Panther
or air I'm just doing going to interview
here for the sex education class we're
just collecting how many as chicks I can
kiss gonna kiss your ass cheek just the
pop kiss please
I got eight I just need two more please
really can you take off your glasses
please just take them off like this oh
you're so hot
you're so hot oh my god I just want to
cuddle with you I just want to cuddle
cuddle
I'm your ex come on are you with a new
guy here now are you with here with a
new guy is that your girlfriend is that
your girlfriend
I just want to know no just your my ex
you don't remember me all right guys I
just wanted to let you know this is my
ex and I really love her and you know I
want to propose to you about the papers
and stuff we can have it
where's your ring it's in my car huh
it's 47k oh yeah of course I remember
your name snicker bar you're so
chocolatey I just want to eat you
mmm I love it you work here okay well
then you I'm trying to I don't know it's
kind of awkward but trying to get my
penis tattooed and kind of girl do that
we don't have you female artists I
thought she works here oh really
I just want to like on my dick like
magic stick with that yeah what why give
some preference on who does it
yeah it wouldn't matter oh that's not
where you're gonna be fondled also
there's there's no happy endings at the
end no but I'm just playing with you
guys you're on camera I'm just pranking
you guys mmm oh my goodness what's up
ladies
why being so shy you remember me I'm
just kidding
please scared huh you can get you can
get to know me I'm doing a collection
for sex education class I'm just
wondering how many asses I can kiss can
it get your left cheek please what about
yours
you sure such a warm towel mmm so nice
no you can't no no well she's getting
married
ah but you look so hot let me hey come
on you need some wind get out of here
there's a camera right there you big
prank all right hi on YouTube
you guys want to save my channel now
show your fiance are you serious why
would you whoa
why would you chill with my girlfriend
like that rule I first thought about to
get knocked out if you don't walk away
what do you mean walk away let me see
you knock me out why would you maybe
what's going on
homeboy baby what's going on y'all
homeboy come here I just wanted to let
you know this she's beautiful
