trying to cut you off see you guys
last one see you caught that rough I was
driving straight and she could need I
feel like when I had to my f-type I
always used to get flicked off it's like
why it's like why don't I understand
what you said she did do I want to suck
your dick be serious
oh I guess I'll get this little baby
shut up nobody cares yeah bro you at oh
that's actually that's Elinor by
villains we passed by Rodeo Drive just
passing by just saying hi
law of attraction guys just looking at
Ferraris and a grande I'm gonna get
these nah but seriously guys supposed to
meet somebody but that meaning did not
happen so we're just driving around and
we're just driving around and I'm
looking and I'm really really really
really really really tired why already
guys Soulja Boy Dale is the street of
gold diggers no what do you love I don't
know what I'm saying I'm tired you guys
there's days like this or you don't
wanna do nothing so I just leave this
uncut this whole thing just this whole
Drive Sun cock like literally if it's 45
minutes just leave it just give it to
them this is my life
you want it uncut here's one card you
just drive thank your penis God gave me
what am I am you know I'm a I'm a no
there's something sorry to be about
marrying blushing because you know I
have zero shame in my game because I'm
an edited version God put me on the
earth unedited I don't want to be fuckin
edited when I use that
detective italiana see emergency have to
go back sometimes they call me detective
Batali and usually I solve cases right
away like the cops are probably like
look look at this they block the whole
Deschutes they do you know all they have
to do is call me and I would have
figured everything out let's see what
time it was the last time you solved a
case okay we're gonna find out thank you
scuse me sir
detective Italia on the scene I would
like to know what happened yeah but I
need to know what happened in the news
you will find it on the news holy shit
detective Italian they see what's going
on what's happening in my neighborhood
what's investigation
I could Batali on the scene what's going
on good chat hi villains detective
Batali on the scene there's a lot of
cops on this side there's a lot I didn't
want to stop the traffic because I'm a
smart person and I do not want to stop
the traffic but I gotta find out what
happened here in Beverly Hills so look
at what trains go and actually looking
for you detective
and it'll is it bro you look like a
suspect good to walk through here
detective Italian this smooth they're
looking for something
it's bad
happened
there was a shooting does anybody get
killed
oh they're looking for bullets detective
Vitaly on the scene guys we're reporting
that there was a shooting there was a
shooting somebody got shot and they're
looking for bullets we're looking for
bullets right now I do want to help I do
want to volunteer but I don't know if
they would let me detective to tell me
I'm retired detective dude last time I
got caught arguing what sleeping with my
sergeant that's what they fired me well
I'm sorry to hear that but nobody got
killed she got murdered he goes looking
white things he got murdered he goes I
just drove past you guys because I saw a
hat and I saw you I thought that Ali was
murdered this is our friend that flies
by we're reporting live from Batali's
EDTV news that was a shooting apparently
and they're looking for bullets they
can't see the bullets because their
iPhone light is not flashy enough you're
using their actual night that's even
worse dude I'm just going to go inside
the cop car and steal it honestly I'm
gonna do it do it no you're not bro are
you gonna jump oh shipping the cup
spooling up wall of holding while
holding my hand while I'm holding my
hand in the thing you're there
are you guys detective the talents
you walk in here but this is my
neighborhood
take this attack because uh hey did you
see anything now yeah because then I
felt like I would've been bad see you
guys I'm an honest human freakin being I
wouldn't get for your case
this is it I yes I saw everything no is
that what they should seriously buy
serious thing why are we treating that
like a joke I know but if I did say that
like yeah this seated there wouldn't
immediately what did you see oh you want
a business bachelorettes I don't know
which which kind of Shah was it was that
a COMSAT or regular shop what are you
talking about what sigh this is getting
here we go
dr. vitaly has failed to solve the case
but I will read it on the news and take
pride for it that I sold it no I don't
think I'm Russian just leave me alone
how do you know how to start this vlog
subdued sigh man hey Dad I'm gonna
finish this crew work gonna let him know
what's happening
how's the car looking it's pretty good
clean yeah you know what happened this
morning
what happened when I woke up when you
woke up a breakfast oh yeah villains I
gotta share this with you and get off my
chest in today's vlog that's why
combined in two days yes this morning I
go and back up going for breakfast I go
back up my camera I'll go back up my car
and the camera is black I'm like what
happened it's somebody like put a piece
of gum or something like this and
there's like no the trunk is open I
close my trunk I go back inside the car
I go reach for my orange glasses that
some of you guys hate some of you guys
love it nothing in the middle
compartment girl we got robbed
can you believe it that somebody robbed
my car in the middle of the freaking
night guys
this is not clickbait this is I got
robbed it's not lying all my fingers see
no fingers crossed not lying it's
wearing everything I have it wasn't a
lot thank you God but I'll tell you
something right now
my skydiving helmet my altimeter and my
logbook that was everything to me
all my jumps I had like 90 jumps written
down so now I'm gonna have to tracking
up the jumps I have to rewrite
whole logbook my cop radar that was
super expensive the helmet was expensive
everything was expensive and my quarters
for my meat is $40.00 in quarters when
you rub a car mr. steep I don't know if
you watching this what were you thinking
taking my helmet and stuff were you just
like all get cool like I feel like it
feel like you were looking for credit
cards for wallets I believe in karma
Karma's gonna get you and now I don't
know now my mind is so freakin fucked up
it's like do you think I was targeted by
a hater or do you think which is a
coincidence that my car got robbed I
think it was a coincidence I'm assuming
you got robbed for in your complexes or
my other people--many are like no
reports yet they're watching the cameras
if they catch you just know that I'm
gonna personally handle this situation
all jokes aside guys seriously this is
fucked up like it didn't ruin my mood
because life is great life is beautiful
I appreciate for everything I have
appreciate for you guys by just like a
lessons like like why like why my
logbook my everything the truck was open
I don't know how they broke into it I
locked the car I always like the car and
it's a secured fucking building so hater
or whoever this is I feel like they're
watching this like a little laughing I
work look at God to him it got him he's
making a video about it I wish you the
best of luck I believe in karma karma is
gonna get you I'm gonna buy a new helmet
I'm gonna buy a new little scimitar I'm
gonna buy a new logbook and I went out
trying to save my skydiving career with
that log book because that log book
means a lot that log book was everything
and you know why I also believe in law
of attraction because when I left it
there
I kept leaving the helmets and I like
what if one day I get robbed
what if one day is gotta rob this look
important documents one day I get robbed
and I got robbed
they took my registration but they left
my plates they left my place
they took my registration this oh and
they took my beats by dre so I have to
get a new one this morning you know
can't work out with our music but and
they left me this bra
yeah vitaliy we know you're doing gains
you know you have games to take care of
you know what we'll leave you this belt
as an economy burger Jim Jim
homos but seriously violence I don't
know what to say what do you guys think
leave your thoughts in the comments
below I got robbed could have been much
worse thank god there's no scratches on
my car please don't ever do that to
anybody what do you think about the
situation the thing no one likes being
robbed it kind of sucks
yeah but karma you know worse but still
it's the principle that you got robbed
yeah it's a principle got Robin it's
like you know I just moved into the
building I feel like I'm not safe
anymore know what I'm doing maybe I
shouldn't tell him because the robber is
not gonna come back and if you're
watching this I'm taking a camping chair
and I'm gonna sit out in the garage with
a shotgun yeah
hi villains thank you so much for
watching this log I know yesterday's
luck was a clickbait I got some of you
guys yeah you got a lot of clicks but
you know what everybody clicks bait on
YouTube and if you're a one day like oh
my god these videos are the bestest
videos and you get upset that a click
beta you it's the YouTube game if you're
a youtuber you know click base but you
know what this title of the video I got
robbed parentheses not clickbait I did
not make this off this is true life goes
on
thank you God for another beautiful day
thank you God that I woke up thank you
God that I have all my friends think you
God that have a family thank you God
that I've leo thank you God that I have
all Tony thank you God that have my mom
think you got that I'm like grandma
thank you thank you thank you thank you
universe Thank You universe thank you
thank you thank you and I just wanted to
let you guys know it's your life your
choice do whatever the fuck you want to
do somebody decided to rob is their life
it's their choice but karma is gonna get
them but seriously guys make sure you
slap a like on this video let's see how
many likes this video can get I don't
know if you made it to then or what if
you guys watching my videos to the end
leave a like tomorrow's vlog is gonna be
lit right now we're gonna get these
gains kissed ensuring Thrones doesn't
stop and Leo you're getting bigger
already brought three days and you're
like looking in the mirror how you
feeling are you feeling sore very sorry
my home Bob wait to drop this video for
you guys March 15 people already telling
me that I'm leaning out a lot so thank
you thank you for all that and I just
hope you guys have a blessed day
have a great day I love
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
