listen I'm housey hey you puto magic
Murray corn my footman Papa Schatzi
muffled me
hey ma Kaka oh sorry are you doing today
Batali I don't fucking know you told me
well we're pouring some gas line you
mean you're gonna go jump off that
diving board ready yeah any student
Oh
oh shit that's my stop
that's my are you serious since when do
you been hanging out with him so you
told me you're not going to chill with
me tonight and you go with some up
what's your name
whoa whoa walls up that's messed up bro
bro let's take a walk I'm not gonna take
a walk you're my girlfriend dog what
you're my ex-girlfriend yes your name
what's your name don't worry about it
didn't know her name you didn't know her
name have a good night bro I'm not happy
I'm not trying to fight with somebody
you don't chill with my girlfriend like
that have a good night here to chill
with my girlfriend like that bro you're
joking right
no you're joking I met on Craigslist
long time ago on casual encounters
that's messed up man that's really my
style
no there's no camera does it look like
there's a camera somewhere because she
is huh John that's some good crash Wow
so you really bro you want to split her
in half
I get the left I get them seriously now
I get the lower body you get the Aqua
body it was funny at first I get the
lower body you get the opera body Brock
walk I'm filming a snake hey hey let me
get the bike hmm let me get the bike
what let me get the bike let me get it
what's going on boat man I said let me
get the bike can I get it I said can I
get the bike okay no I it's my buddy Oh
Oh have one man have one oh no no no no
no no no no look look look look
yo look
I'm not talking goddamn Vanessa
commercials
is a better microphone that's the faces
Jacob
