ah honey honey what do you think yeah I
want a smoothie smoothie yes smoothie
yeah you want to die you're only getting
water honey you want some water babe yes
all right
oh my god cable wait wait don't move in
there and I left on my petition artist
and baby that's my boyfriend don't pick
them up because my hair is neck mobile
but I understand oh they're calling what
- my boyfriend happens all the time
wait wait okay that's what I'm saying
yeah no no no no he's my boyfriend
you're just kidding have enough sex
that's what happened come on baby get up
get up
ah let's go baby okay he's okay guys
he's okay I just want to make sure I
knew like I told you we should I had sex
this morning you didn't sorry let's go
let's go let's go stop making a scene
come on come on I'll give you chocolate
chip cookie when we get back to the
house come on pop come on he's okay get
up get up okay I'm leaving you you know
what I'm gonna go get some guys on the
street hello hey is this the UPS is this
the UPS the United pot smokers thing
yeah yeah how much huh really that's
awesome and can I give you my package
can I give you my package come on let me
give you my package come on let me get
my package you don't get yours it's
bigger than yours but my span how big is
yours my understand how big is yours is
10 yeah now you got the record right
there now I can show you
whoop it's so heavy that it's it's
throwing me down that's how heavy it is
so I know you must not be getting much
pussy than man and girls like it it goes
in and comes out of their mouths what's
gross they don't fucking like a big hug
so you just said you have a big one
amazing saying that's an inch so you
want to measure them with honey what
time you get off you want to measure
that you want to measure them what time
you get off you wanna measure
yeah like compare them put them next to
each other be like they have yours
bigger than mine kind of tight Mike
Huckabee next to your back okay I mean
they don't have to touch I mean unless
you want them to touch
are you down right you down right what's
your phone number
what's your phone number all right so we
can measure it tonight 1-800 for fuck
fuck fuck fuck fuck oh yeah that's a
nice one
mine is one eight hundred ten ten ten
hey I'm right here
yeah I suppose me here Craigslist I'm
not a cop I'm not a cop trust me it's
straight no we talked about I know I
know so you can search me I'm not a cop
yeah if you ask me if I'm a cop bullshit
yet you got the right guy he does I do
know I know Craigslist is chill out it's
my exploit friends right here he's
coming out to me we're gonna let this
chill out
help hey tell him to get out here it's
my exploits no idea today I'm sitting at
no idea other guys
hey this is Martin can use get away so
my new boyfriend he'll know you ditched
me two years ago and now you gonna be
with another head can you back me up can
you come here I'm gonna hold it up other
guy you're gonna be with another man
hope can you help you're gonna be a
little man
obviously you know it's not this is
nothing this is nothing we're just
friends
we're just friends we're just Freddy now
we're just trying you know we're just
friends you money now we're just friends
sugar you into sugar daddies yeah just
friends you're just sugar daddies we're
just friends you to shoot we are done
we've been done for a while cuz I get
away from me just get away
no Hale no he's a fucking slut he
cheated on me three times
you only have cooking cherry Isis can
you mix them I get a cooking cherry Icee
mix you want they put it in before you
yes
what are you doing I've nowhere to let
my guru stop ya leave think I get it our
number night don't touch me Mike don't
ever did it yet
Mike please don't touch me go just go
let's go get out of my face you know
what guys I'm sorry outside I'm sorry
but the whole thing I would never cheat
on you again you're a cheater beat her
in the eater we're out of here
my get Mike get up and go you got some
ice cream for some stress with you just
go all right and let me get uh why are
you in my face my mama told me when I
was young you're making a scene in here
what are you doing
Nanette my mama told me I was yep it's
fucking bullshit
I don't like this any man hey by the way
you got the best cheeseburgers Oh get
away from me but we are done get away
from me I'm not gonna get away get away
from me now
- stop stop what are you doing you can
back off right now doing that he said
what do you mean even hey everybody you
kidding me with three guys
what do you mean you did in to shut down
you guys really think I cheated on this
handsome guy don't touch me get away
from me get I'm not feeling bad anymore
the three times you cheated on me this
is uncalled for
buddy stickers are 30 Richie got me a
car you three times and three different
guys in my fucking bed please let's make
up let's make up I don't know if I can
do this
Robbie see you do have the big cock
Thanks
in my dreams I see you I feel you that
is how I know you
