tonisha is back
hey Tony is coming for you Hey
tonisha tonisha tonisha solution Tony
says back finish I get it get the fuck
out get out what did I do
walk away glass of wine - alright I'm
sorry what's up
damn boy you're cute is that your
girlfriend huh dude what's retarded hey
they don't like the one you shut to
think of living with that kind of I'm
ugly today well let me see if I can find
a cute boy
oh if not I'm just gonna have to turn a
lesbian hey yeah look I just got on the
house arrest I'm walking around what
what do you mean it's fake would you get
that bathing suit I love your skin color
baby how can I get like you tonisha by
the way how are you so nice hey guys I'm
new in town don't be looking at me like
you don't like me boy I'm gonna come on
whip your way up boy oh look at that
banana can I suck on that banana now I'm
not gonna suck on that banana unless you
really want me to Tony she loves to take
pictures you can take a picture of me of
course oh no we can't take it of you
after you know what I mean
oh yeah quick oh I'm Delilah how are you
I'm tonisha nice new shiny hey girls
where'd you get those how can I get
remind that big nice rocker what's the
name of that doctor
I need my dog if you know what I mean I
I did because I had that problem yeah
yeah hey you want a picture so in each
guys back
check out my vagina don't shy the by
gene that's what they call it Tony shows
in the house why you guys so speechless
I am hot and suck my dick bitch I don't
have a dig out of a gene ok you better
talk about your because I got about gene
give me out come on I got a fire crotch
baby don't call me a dude don't respect
a woman like that boy which one is your
girlfriend damn you're cute Estelle
where'd you get your hair done I need
there don't look I got my cheap way if
you know what I mean
what's so funny hey oh hey looks like
you want to be a dragon - are you want
to be a dragon oh yeah where's your
boobies I don't see him I don't see your
hair and shit let's move this damn girl
what you've been working at I stay on
Dixie you want to come join me later are
you Tony shut sister lost sister by any
chance
ya know her yeah I go over every day oh
sure you gettin this boy
this boy's wild my
let's rejoice with the boys in the
hey guys I'm late sorry let me play let
tonisha play yeah I'm good honey
thanks guys I'm gonna house arrest if
the cops come I'm sure you make sure you
guys understand why they coming all
right I'm not a criminal or anything so
please understand me thank you play huh
playing your side no it looks like
they're losing I'm gonna play in Bayside
honey you want to do something about it
oh yeah yeah they're too big I didn't
get my surgery done yet they're all
natural yeah to anyone Oh baby you
you're getting me on fire all right
honey it's in the line so you better get
it boy whoo tonisha one photo Anisha
don't worry I catch it our boy in the
hotel later Tony showing the beach
Spring Break 2012 baby are you guys mad
or something yes why are you mad how did
i disturb you you're disturbing me why
you just are you just mad because you
can't get me is that what it is you're
disturbing the peace honey I'm not
disturbing shit oh hell no you're cute
aside what's up boy I'm chillin look at
you man come on how are you baby
good yeah yeah you got a drink from me I
know hey I'm not even though I'm i crack
it on and drink Arizona oh so we stay
baby actually I stay with you oh yeah my
hotel is on Hilton you better come over
later what you have to say for tonisha
to Anisha Oh am i sexy oh that's your
name Felicia yeah fuck yeah what the
fucking Felicia do it extremely sexy oh
yeah what would you do to me tell me
things you would do to me don't be shy I
don't need a handle in front of us Nisha
oh you put your ear
oh hell no you want to eat my hairy ass
holy shit are you deaf or that what am i
doing what are you doing I'm at the
beach chewing just like you that's a
funny question you asked me what am i
doing what do people do at the beach
they swim they're getting they paint on
drink on and you know looking for some
hot guys what are you guys up to look at
this guy
are you guys like threesome kind of guy
man for a woman on Craigslist Wow yeah I
mean though those kind of things that
you know what I mean that's kind of an
interesting observation what would make
what would make you think that at all it
doesn't make me think it's because what
I do for a living so I thought you guys
do that for me but you should it for a
living yeah okay um I'm a Craigslist
cooker God forsake 60 hmm
I'm a LESBIAN truth you know what I mean
you can go for a walk where your
boyfriend get jealous no I don't know
what oh he's not your boyfriend which
means I wouldn't get jealous oh oh so
what's stopping us baby
Oh marry me without fire all cops
they're looking it's sticking but they
don't know where it's leaking from I'm
escaping don't worry if they run out I
can outrun them
don't issues about you it you know we
just slipped oh my goodness did you hit
a little rib hey boys going on how much
I'm a $20 an hour I'm a cheap one if you
know what I mean once yep I'm gonna get
that fry no I can't have all your fry
just one fry would be nice you have to
treat me dumb oh man you can't score
that hmm what's all this about why I'm
gonna I'm a Tanisha from Idaho and I
just got a house arrest as you can see
you gonna dance with me or no oh come on
what kind of shit boombox is that in
Idaho we have better than this shit try
to move rocks in the day oh I don't know
you
I am crazy as a white house fire are you
getting a kids boy looks like you have
more herpes there than you on your lips
oh hell yeah
I love 25 bucks I know I got it painted
at some local painter
Oh
yeah
Oh finally getting some men here
don't be shy
Tony's is going crazy today
it's delicious birthday
