Santa Lucia's hot Community High School
where the girls are from hi guys we're
right now in front of Santa Lucia's high
school and as you can see I've been
trying to interview everybody right now
but nobody wants to speak about
everybody's speechless as I am this is
all the students walking out of the high
school we're going to try to get some
good reactions let's hope for the best
come here come here now I took you up
braces too so you look a lot all right
this guy this guy this guy is an ex of
who the blonde or the brunette little
one no III let's get to the point all
right what do you think about this nice
um if she ever can if she ever stops
witness analyst you get her ass kicked
honestly we're not gonna say your name
you're anonymous and how did you hear
about the video I thought it was wrong
because it's kind of racist it's kind of
rude and disrespectful telling somebody
like judging them the way they look you
should be proud of the way you look like
how God made you this was their powerful
words and well I'm shaking I can't
believe this for example if this is one
batkid wants to be a Mexican a cholo why
do you have to judge him you don't see
everybody around honestly you don't see
you like I'm not gonna be racist or
anything hey it's okay you see like what
I'm a cracker you see white people just
like cause swag see how because I just
yeah I did just here it's okay it
doesn't matter all right
hello how are you you're gonna be
anonymous ya know you know your hair's
not paddy like this bread you think
about this video video tributes me I
don't really care about it I mean it's
her opinion I don't believe in what she
said is what's really true about black
people what do you think is happening to
them right now what do you think they
right now is we speaking you think
they're in the bedroom locked up no
they're not no bedroom no they're
probably they're probably not even
caring what's really going on anyone I'm
in 12th grade okay when did you hear
about this news um I heard it earlier
this morning um
my first period okay and you did you
watch the video yourself um I saw like
parts of it give you things I think it's
ridiculous I think it's racist it's sick
sick I mean like you got that like
hatred like you don't have to like say
online let's see what these people have
to say about these girls
trash pretty ugly horrible trash it's
rash herpes on your chin crotch Fein
trash skunk looking nawafil
I cut this out guys sports to give a
message to them I'm sure they're gonna
see this if you if you wanna say
something if you're gonna say something
mean what you're gonna say and don't try
to take you back after you say it that's
all I gotta say thank you
how do you feel dating this I don't date
here I would never go over here honestly
faster so you went wow this girls are
what they haven't go through the puberty
yet let's go hashing them narc I didn't
do anything are you sure somebody got
shot myself we got six people was just
like you're not listen you know how she
says in the video she just stays still
when you were penetrating her wishes
do you actually think they meant it well
they said it I think they've meant it
okay let me ask you something else would
you ever forgive him what they did um
honestly I think because they min them
I'm more of a forgiving forget guy so
I'd say I mean like over time people
gonna forget it yeah but you know it's
all over YouTube it went viral I mean
that it was uploaded in January 6 and it
got discovered last night oh I didn't
even know about that yeah right now with
the Palm Beach Post here the
interviewing for the newspaper local
newspaper about the news that happened
today and we're gonna give him a minute
till they finish and I'm gonna step in
and see if they'll let me continue on
that one thank you they said they knew
her since middle school and this is the
memories what they have to say about her
in middle school I was she acting in
middle school middle school she was
quiet like shame and like I could never
picture doing anything like that she was
quite in middle school which one we
talked about the blonde or brunette the
blonde Donald brunette with the blonde
we watched her in Africa she was a good
kid you know didn't cause any trouble
you know enjoyed socializing with their
friends you're a beautiful black female
imma imma being racist too because I
told you black okay thanks I'm not gonna
go viral all right what do you have to
say I'm nervous I think she rude I think
you need a Shinya beatdowns I think it's
disrespectful Asian after that is wrong
for our school how'd you hear about the
news people call me was I all go look at
this on internet like isn't spreading
around so I was like did you know the
girls personally no I didn't you think
they're gonna be able to welcome back no
are you sure everybody wants their head
everybody wants them gone it's messed up
but I didn't care about the girls I
hated them but why did you hate him
because she talks too much talk too much
about what I like people with the
immature and yeah I really immature
did you ever you'd lunch with him no
good I'll hope you didn't as we speaking
we're pulling up to the girls houses
this might be a little bit 7 4 to 8 this
might be a little bit uh we don't know
what's gonna happen so oh my son told me
about it I was always it my son told me
about he saw it on on the computer
oh that YouTube yeah whatever was
Facebook so it's not their house because
we try okay no no no probably I think
that the girls personally dug their own
grave but we live in America can say
whatever you want you deal with the
consequences about it that's what I
gotta say and obviously this is not the
girl's house now this is our house
oh my god we just got some crazy news
not enough they're crazy but we found
the address we found out - you'll found
Badgers she paid two dollars to find a
dress are you gonna go for that's now
that he's a detective right there I
should be a detective you shoot okay
let's go hello is anyone here
hello guys right now we're in the front
of the house and this is the house for
sure I'm not going to expose any names
or any neighbors but we interviewed some
neighbors and they said this is their
house looks like nobody was here since
yesterday as you can come see if follow
me here there's a hole looks like that
looks like the grave the grave was made
for them for her I should say I don't
know if it was made by the parents or by
the African American people but this is
really sad news maybe somebody already
took her out if you want to go in there
deep put it on she was small so I'm sure
it's her hole anyways we made it out
here we tried give us any likes and
subscribers at least for trying and
subscribe to our videos we have a lot of
pranks me and Brandon vitalyzdtv
definitely check us out we worked hard
for you guys to get this active I guess
what this is not the end we're going to
be coming back here once a week and try
to get a hold of them stay tuned
