hey what's up man
how are you hey that's not eating
healthy man that's pretty that's pretty
cool
eating healthy I've been working out for
a long time and you know I messed up my
daily routine anyway you can share that
chicken with me
thank you you're a nice kid man you know
being nice pays off my stomach I don't
think you should eat that oh don't eat
it don't eat it don't eat it but you're
gonna have the parts look oh this money
when you ain't fighting your food ten I
might fuck you today City Florida much
move I just did
your brain could support you and cameras
a very good oh hey you were waiting for
your date hello you're waiting for your
boyfriend
oh I'm just actually having lunch by
yourself
why is it disgusting you're not eating
though right now are you being did I
interrupt your appetite poop in your
face
hello where's your date
am I your date
stretching huh
let's pooping sharding can I poop on
your coffee please please wing my coffee
Oh
you look familiar what's your name
Batali
I never heard your name yeah well anyway
so tonight what time well it goes P 2 2
2 so you askin even come today
ok from 2 to 2 yeah oh so it's all night
while on Sunday what makes them like the
event day upon day god yeah huh oh oh
just sorry
just a to the office not a good place to
eat not a good place to eat did you put
it down a little
just put it hold it down I mean look I
like a aerial view just put it like
right here
it's not a good this you farted in store
for it's in their gross face no wait
hold on I didn't fart in your face
go dude come on shit just fart
you know where Starbucks is huh
Starbucks
that way
I am doing this color you don't mind if
I purchase huh
I'm doing this collection for the school
and we were just wondering advices what
do you guys think about Palm Beach
County oh yeah like overall advices
comic-con is nice crime reason went down
and people are nice
where'd you live in like what huh just
party shit here man we in pool bro I'm
sorry
oh man I just farted man oh good idea
man yo man I want to get out of here
move go get out of you don't do that
shit man come on get here I don't carry
prey
