what up villains welcome to another vlog
yes I'm excited why am i excited
I know Leo is not excited but I'm
excited we're doing leg day bro what do
you mean why we did shoulders in the
morning now we're doing legs because you
have chicken legs you have skeleton legs
I seen legs better than IKEA bro no it's
all good because you know I'm making fun
of him because he's on that 60-day
transformation with me he did a meal
prep you got the protein so guys let's
talk about proteins you don't by the way
was kidding about all the power crunch
I love these things this is the nicest
healthiest protein bar snack ever how
much 200 calories 12 grams of fat which
I need low in sodium 13 grams of protein
and carbs is 10 grams this is the best I
need to get sponsored by Power crunches
I literally stopped at the gas station
every day I don't know should we hit
them up on Twitter maybe I don't know I
know it's like you guys think it's a
brand deal it's not I wish it was power
Crunch hit me up power crotch by work
crunch come on man I'm getting the games
because of these thank you power crunch
thank you and hey is that little
tomorrow no that's not a little too much
but but yeah I love monsters a drink low
carb monster no sugar no nothing it's
amazing not usually as my pre-workout my
pre-workout is freaking crazy I already
took it this morning can't take you
twice I mean you can but what my heart
beats too fast I can't really work out
you show me your haircut dude oh you
guys like the haircut you got it cut a
little shorter on the sides something on
top but good stuff a lot of people
actually like the MEAC me yeah that's
funny do the hair I wish out there
could you bring those villa hats but
those little heads in the lands every
night calm or the link in description if
you haven't got your merch good plug but
about to the legs we switch gyms I used
to go to this gym called Equinox where
it's a $200 per membership it's fucking
crazy guys it's so crazy now I'm at
Gold's Gym the mecca of bodybuilding
I seen machines that I'd never seen
before or I see machines that I'd never
seen before it's amazing it's awesome I
love Gold's Gym it's like I'm because
the games are gonna be on a different
level like so many people are gaming me
about my games that I inspire you
serious how they're coming for the games
I like the games are too big we need to
stop you I know but seriously on a
serious note oh did you hear about those
news today what Kim Kardashian and
Kimber this young Kanye West they named
her kid you seen it was good you ready
what Chicago West no way it's a yeah I
made a tweet and a lot of people that
got hurt or something because I said
they need child services to come to
their house and take the kid away
obviously it was a joke
yeah Chicago it's like deep it's like me
like maybe my my Los Angeles piece
Chicago was I mean I guess the storm
because some people says oh people name
their kids like London or whatever well
that's way different cause that's like
go to the club when you're like 20 water
18 Chi cago oh you're from Chicago no no
no my name is Chicago oh okay well my
name is fucking rush or West honored uh
anyways about to hit the legs I'm gonna
show you a few workouts really quick
let's roll the montage you ready
look at that
gotta start somewhere everybody thinks
when you do calf raises it's all about
the weight it's really not looking my
way I can probably do I can probably do
like five plates but I'm not because I
want my gaps to be nice and rip and have
that little he looks at the two cameras
oh I feel like a camel toe but all my
calves are you staying with that way to
dilla burns you go
probably one of my favorite legs
exercises legs extension
you want to get some nice legs
don't ever skip like that's the first
thing girls look at just kidding I don't
know
and then you drop the weight and you
burn it get it
you've been gonna be able to walk
tomorrow your legs already shaking huh
I feel so bad for him but you got to
start somewhere
wherever Evers kids like they this goes
amazing
we're going for them cute boys
probably one of the best exercises I'm
so happy I switch the gym guys I told
you earlier walking swish the gym from a
social club to wear gold Aries go to our
people did those little fashion go on a
real gym where you get some gates look
at me look at this you pick and choose
gains playground playground we're
talking about new games guys it's not
basic we've been a sick cots where you
never seen cuts before not I just don't
mean on you on anybody we're taking over
villains alright villains just finished
our workout dude you're not gonna be
able to walk tomorrow yeah it's gonna be
insane the idea you're not gonna be able
to sit on the toilet no it's a lot of
things you're not gonna be able to squat
on another guy
what okay talking you can't just say
that stuff I'm sorry I'm sorry brother
guys got 50,000 likes in that video Leah
I'm gonna feed you lines now yeah it's
crazy but I never actually got to ask
you who's your favorite youtuber oh wow
you actually said it I'm kidding but uh
that'd be kind of weird if I asked the
villains
okay well I know best
it's like now bye guys from the real no
dude
Leah I'm really proud of the way you
work it out like dude you're gonna
transform your little twig buddy
friendly
- I'm so mean Bocelli please Vitaly
bullies Iliana relieves my boy YouTube's
but off camera yeah I try each other in
awkward physical guys we want to go we
want to go our Friday night oh shit I
forgot to tell you guys oh my God look
at my hair oh my god oh my hair
oh my god we leave before continue okay
okay so no I don't do that like I do
clothing but on the real though guys I
gotta tell you something right now I'm
gonna go get handle some business right
now I didn't really want to tell you I
didn't really want to do this right now
I didn't want to share this with you
guys but it's happening and I don't know
why I was laughing because it's a pretty
funny like that's not even funny dude my
heart's broken I don't know how to even
explain it you guys gonna be like I
don't know if you guys are gonna be
disappointed in me or might it be in
disappointed in myself but it's just not
working out how it was supposed to be so
it's like
I tried I really tried but it's it's
been so long
hi Vince I told you I'm gonna handle
some business how do you want this way
to and but it did the way it ended and I
know been acting different in my vlogs
and like I just told you how to take
care of some business and I did and kind
of embarrassed to tell you it's like I
don't want drama to spark up on YouTube
about this I've been acting weird in my
vlogs yeah I mean me I've been happy but
it's like I how do I represent this to
you it's like I didn't want to speak
publicly about it I didn't want to show
it anybody I could have hid it it could
have been a secret like if they didn't
have to end this way but it's like you
really didn't I love you
oh my god let me have this at 3 months
guys I'm sorry I have to show you that
sometimes it's okay in life to cheat I'm
shocking my body its gains you think my
body doesn't know to do you were eating
chicken but you're gonna buckle chicken
and you striking with the burger it's
like oh shit you're putting in and out
of me I am I'm sorry I've been craving
it I've been sharing it but hey I got
one what Leo got sue I dig it - I'm
trying some games
yeah you need to get bigger be head in
well that was the big news yeah breaking
your yeah you're breaking the diet hi
guys I'm gonna go back to enjoying this
now gonna light that burger made me pass
salad but guess what
already hit the chest already hit the
ABS already hit the cardio we're just
working out every single day no days off
days off are for the week but seriously
guys if that made you laugh if you liked
the vlog and if you're a super villain
smash that thumbs up right now like it
like it like it like it like you'd like
you'd like you'd like it like you they
I'm hungry for some likes my seriously
guys thank you so much for watching this
vlog your life your choice do whatever
the fuck you want I definitely did
yesterday what ever forgot when I need a
burger you need what do you think now
like should just give up on everything
okay say I'm not thank you so much I'll
see you guys tomorrow for another fun
blog
