how long you guys here for oh you gotta
have to stop doing that for now you're
not allowed to do that in this area this
is private if actually if you guys stand
up on that wall well I just write
everything up hands on your head just so
security issue
please come you guys have nothing in
your pockets yeah you got to take that
jacket off to another ticket no no no no
yeah I'm no guns are nice alright just
stand on the window with the hands on
the window now the ticket I'm missing
you guys today is five hundred and
twenty three dollars your friends you
guys go to school yeah I skip today
didn't you
the sender the attitude lately is not
really pushing it just stand there until
I figure out what I'm going to do with
you guys all right yeah have you have
anything to drink tonight no huh why do
you look so buzzed
I'm not buzzed at all I have some beat
y'all there are you sure yeah look at
your eyes they bloodshot red something's
wrong with you sir let's step aside
let's step aside
no no cuz there's a crime going on
around here a lot of drunk people
getting reported and stuff and I just
wanted to let you know that you're
probably gonna have to get a ticket you
can fight it in court I'm here
it's been from the beach alright can I
can I do it to ask that yeah just a
second
just follow the finger
okay you're good you're good for now
hold on which finger am i following you
following all my finger just a circle
okay and there's a line right there so
we can do a line test and I'll let you
go Oh Sarah to do to do about the bus
Anna to to to walk in a straight line I
want you to stop and do it 360 and then
walk again
3/6 Oh sir sir you told me View 360
alright well do a good 360 without any
started again what go she goes straight
360 a good one 360 again
okay now you walk all right now
follow my finger again you have to sit
down with me sit down with me without
falling all right now you go back up
okay
congratulations sir it's a breathalyzer
to rep eliezer butter I did it I have
won
oh but I'm serious I'm not blowing this
who shows a 6.9 you're good my friend
good to go
why do I just wanted to let you know
you're praying oh my god okay now I'm
gonna need you to do it a DUI test I
feel like you've been drinking a little
bit too much so I'm gonna need you to
stick what I want your bike on anyone
follow my finger have you ever had a DUI
test you don't do you know what a DUI
test is driving on baby fluence but do
you know to DUI test is I don't know
you've never seen a DUI test can you
come up over here because I feel like
we're gonna have a couple problems
oh man I don't know brother I got this
us Turk is behaving alright so usually
when you sit in these kind of seats
you're supposed to you know have a
safety belt so I'm just gonna go what
are you talking about my safety belt I'm
gonna give you a safety belt violation
to what but since you have a job it's
negative ten dollars on that don't have
to worry about that one they're crazy
well losing your mind no no just sit
back down you're nuts
push up push up on one arm all right no
I need you to walk in one straight line
one straight line toe to toe yeah you
have done this before I haven't checked
your little everything's okay I mean is
it okay if I inspect your bike I'm
getting a ticket for false bikes there's
a reported stolen bike hmm is that yours
you have a license for this yeah I mean
it's a good-looking bike you know
what are you doing sir what do you mean
but he's gonna write it I told you I'm
gonna inspect it go down with me as I go
down go down with me go down with me as
I go down ready
look look look what are you doing no
Minnie that's what you're doing that
bouncing when I ready just go down with
me
go down with me have you been drinking
did I give you I need to give you a DUI
test them yeah I know but I still have
to give you one could you get me drunk
in public all right I just need to walk
have you walked try walk this line right
here okay no no stand from here stand
where I meant and walk this way just
walk this way to go to yeah stop I'll do
a 360 and then do a 360 again do a 360
can do three foot yeah you want me to
jump up in the air sparrow no no just
360 and 360 back now 360 back whoa whoa
what are you a dude can I see some ID or
something no I'm just gonna take a guy
your fast one more we got one more the
day of everything to us
follow my hand ready go down with me I'm
sorry about this you guys are disturbing
the peace just rotting out first words
there's the parents the parents are
completely personal wow you just said I
would fuck the shit out of her a blob of
blood what do you mean you this yeah but
you know what we're talking about
I don't you're having a Cochise nobody
selling out fucking anybody coaching or
what do you coach around here you have a
license for coaching nope they pay me
I write tickets TI ck ETS well that's
ridiculous
how is it ridiculous I don't you know
part inside it's a yellow that means you
cannot park
no yellow means yellow means fire
hydrant I don't know about
all right you can't put the Box in there
because this car might have to be towed
it does it it doesn't look like it's
street-legal did you get it uh what is
in that box is a drug shit that's what
the way way you asking me all these
questions for body weight is this drugs
er yeah give me give you a fucking
ticket
okay wait you're acting a little I'm
going back up back up hey I can get out
here dude like it is orange shirt
telling me I can't park where it's
yellow and he's like asking me what's in
my box for my work he's telling me my
cars stolen
he's wearing an orange jumper with like
some reflective shit on yeah
tickets a the ticket guy and take a guy
go down go down with me all the way oh
you're a tall guy all right you bested
everyone knows me in town the ticket guy
just a good guy TI c ke guy GUI yeah
tell me my car stolen yeah don't worry
backup will be here shortly
apparently he called the cops tell me I
got a cheese gonna tow my car do we have
to if it's parked in yellow the law is
parking yellow dude no no you can't
leave man I'm leaving no no wait okay I
have to then Oh tuck it in
can I get in yo you're just praying to
got the cops on the phone right here oh
no tell them it's a prank dude it's a
prank give you a chance I get it listen
mr. Dolan it is stolen don't have to
take that we're gonna have to take it
but listen no you don't take my bike we
have to call the cops Hey
yeah clover club so are you gonna take
my bike yeah
what full because I want to take the
boat Oh God do you know how much I paid
for this by much my god bro i doing the
braid you fuck you guys you guys are
fucked up no boo hey oh man no I know
besides Bru look through my back room yo
give it up your life no no I see her too
god oh god I hate these guys
yeah yeah yeah yeah computer you have
computed hello breathe breathe believe
this
you
I want to try and tell you something
yeah we got another knock this at six
yeah when one plus one is two and two
plus two is three three bikes equal the
negative amount of 1 ^ 2 that equals
what
let me explain it to you so let me okay
but then you should intelligent enough
to know that three plus three is six
minus the two is four
carry the two to the six that is 26
minus three plus two is I'm gonna be
super I like alright right now I don't
know who listens I just like alright say
if I go to London and I go to Tokyo but
I forget to go to Africa and I'm in
America
why didn't I not go to Africa because
kind of I'll show you this kind of
question
