honey my honey my boyfriend were you
walking away from me like that
hey babe what's up tiny shots coming for
you you looking for some good time not
really not what do you mean definitely
I'm not cute you're adorable
okay thanks Hey well I can give you a
special deal we like walking with 25 an
hour
who's we you me and you and my pimp that
it's around the corner I'll write by an
hour honey I have no time to waste
I appreciate it very much yep have a
wonderful day oh come on don't do this
to me what to do with my parents about
five seconds well tell them I'm your
girlfriends appreciated I my wife would
appreciate that your wife oh you're
cheating on me now oh man
last time you told me you didn't have a
white when we slept in the hotel I like
it at least can I have a kiss I like
your phone Wow where'd you get that Oh
see I wish I had a boyfriend like that
my boyfriend just laps me and beat me
you should see all my producers around
my body that's I'm trying to cover up
usually like this to let people see my
fitness body but no these days is hard
well you want to be friends my name is
Tony Shaw donation mmm yep
maybe we should hang out sometime you
know party a party I'm new in town huh
from Idaho I don't know what's right in
here what brought me here the Sun I just
broke my umbrella mm-hmm smooth burning
me hot you work here
okay I'm new in town I just want to have
some friends what's up I'm not a dude
don't be rude to a woman like that put
anything you want to talk to me like
that honey well what's your name anyways
what do you mean leave you alone wow
you're so mean that's why I don't have a
job that's why I can't look like you
what do you mean I wouldn't get a job
like looking like that look how do I
look that you don't like tell me
something tell me my futures the woman
bodybuilding is that what it is well I
don't know what do you like to do
usually me I don't know you know I'm
gonna loan the girl you know I like to
sit at home when I come out on the
streets you know trying to get a dollar
too you know that's my life well goodbye
you want a kiss can I have some
sanitizer please yeah sure you can I'm
generous with mine you know that Wiener
was dirty earlier oh hello oh you're
cute as hell how are you yeah
um what's going on what's going on with
you I didn't lose no bed I wiped by hour
how much you got how much you go well
you're cute let's go for free come on
special offer you can't miss out like
that
cool what you mean you pass oh my god
how could you pass such a nice come on
well you need a ride
you need a ride on my back are you sure
all right well why being so shy there's
room
I'm man how could you respect a woman
like this huh
are you gay is that what it is now I'm
known for Fred are you gay I'm just
asking you know I guess so what's the
problem to go with me I'm not cute
enough you know my pimp is over there
I've get paid by an hour honey they told
me you called me over here what you mean
it's not true well let me just get right
kiss come on bro just walk away dude
okay I'm gonna walk away just let me get
a kiss wait hmm let me get a kiss wait
I'm not a dude don't respect a woman
like that honey
hey guys if you like my video please
subscribe to my channel you know and for
my subscribers they're already been
subscribed to me I thank you guys so
much for all the support please repost
this link on your Facebook if you have
one on Twitter or something just you
know I think people will find it funny
and if they find it funny they will send
it to their friends and you know I will
get more views the more views I get the
crazier my videos will get because I see
the people actually are watching if you
know what I mean so please guys do that
for me and I will be crazy
