how you gonna do
bend over
I'm not taping anybody we're trying to
see what the hell is going on guys with
video quarters and stuff in the store is
it broken
fucking was going on it's not rolling
report you need to come in and request
through Walmart but you don't come in
here and video get it's against the law
in any retail store yes ma'am what so
the camera actually never fell on the
ground they follow me you just snatched
it from his hand okay and you could you
couldn't you know what snatching me that
means going like this I took you are you
pretty much smashed in and if you get it
light at least now the truth yeah you
were gonna stick me I was already been
really good I just don't understand what
we did wrong that's all what's not to
understand that's not that's not allowed
and this is a wireless mic okay and then
you had the whole thing
Terry what once of it why should you
have the whole what what's not to
understand that you can't be doing this
all right take the tape out ya know the
cops may be here with you know you need
to eject the tape I have that right
eject the tape yeah okay well there's
not only your store in the tape there's
some private stuff I filmed off that's
okay then you'll have to deal with that
with the police officer
guys wait 8 for 18 yeah boys right here
at Walmart as you can see the as you can
see you can stop me going out now stops
hey do you have the right hey if this
guy's dead release trail out to film but
don't touch the camera I'm not gonna go
you can get your hands get off the kid
Bolton get off the yeah okay please look
like over my camera yeah go god shit
hands off yo you don't touch my camera
like that and let me tell you right now
I'm gonna tell you right now yes sir you
have another move their largest suit
move I have another course whatever
cleaning yourself in doing for me it's a
get on they didn't give me the camera
you are making a big deal
doing the food you like now yeah
give me the camera I'm gonna take the
same home we didn't even care about that
problem listen I'm gonna tell you don't
tongue go look through it I can't really
not grab it by there okay my brother
can't my brother camera all right
I don't know we have we have the camera
now where no one know that is illegal
you're not supposed to video - we're not
putting anything without my consent
yeah as a matter where you're putting it
so we can film anything no we can't not
on he just wanna film you but I can't
put it on anywhere without concern you
guys make it as di big deal out of it
like with criminals or something I'm
making a big dish like a little boy I'm
not making I think many people you know
what I'm doing I ask you our SWAT nice
talking to you right I'm talking around
okay yes you want what to say video to
happen actually wants a jet to take
right you have a cut I have a customer
in my store who feels that he's on the
videotape and he doesn't want to be on
don't do it if you don't know it just
looked upon he's getting older and in
front of them all right he doesn't want
to be on the video guys if you have a
spending I hit him on the video
I don't know that Andros well if we did
for me what is it it's not gonna go
anywhere it doesn't matter if we fit I
can film you we can you cannot film
about very cannot put it on the internet
doesn't matter money off of it without
you better wear I can wear anything no
you cannot do not make money off you
cannot go and actually arm yeah actually
I did
what you guys doing but as our
Commission do let go let the police get
here now you now you're just basically
harassing I give a damn what you're
saying right now dude you don't video to
you at all watch out we don't help you
rotate me realizing you're a rising
might you're arresting my mice property
right now I might cry that's my property
yes is your property the old videotape
me man come on hey we're at Walmart no
not I'm not going to happen
we do a videotaping first hoppin those
away it was just pranks I mean they took
it out of control these are just brand
new for you dude took the part and just
keep watching people's reactions and
they took it really seriously started
putting us to meeting us like we're
doing something wrong
the gun discovery came up to us give us
a warning we have no problem you know
rewinding the tape and taking it off all
this ridiculous you know you can't
videotape people with audio well I guess
now in order people are acting
privileged communication tell me other
people well there's other there's
obviously we understand I mean if
there's a problem we'll just rewind it
take it all wrong and I don't care what
other people are doing I'm ready you
know so go ahead and believe it - and
can you have the money in front of us
over the TV
hey guys so after the cameras got turned
off things that got a little bit serious
but not really because what I told them
is I'm not giving them the tape nor I'm
erasing it because I want to show my
subscribers what really happened I care
about my subscribers so if you care
about me spread my videos anyways
anyways I'm just kidding guys but listen
well I mean spread my video but anyways
you know long story short basically guys
um I called my lawyer they were all in
shock I was like yeah I'm gonna call my
lawyer you know what because I'm not
going to erase the footage no I'm
getting delete it so I spoke with my
lawyer and I told him to speak with the
manager and the manager obviously didn't
want to speak with him and I went hand
my phone over to the police officer the
cop goes hello hello
he's like I can't hear your lawyer he's
the phone I don't want to speak with him
I was like oh okay and then after
Brandon which is my partner that I make
the videos with he goes officer are we
being detained right now he's like no no
you're free to go so we walk off with
smiles on our faces and guess what all
the managers stand there in shock like
are you serious are you serious officer
do just do this and you're gonna let him
go peace out bitches
no I didn't say that but basically yeah
that's what happened anyways stay tuned
for more pranks a letter
great stuff coming up and guess what
Craigslist processor prank is coming up
see ya
