you brought the cinnamon yeah thanks
zippy your pants huh sure
sorry so what's up with that challenge
bird until YouTube charring some shit
yeah you supposed to take a spoonful but
I want you to take that whole thing you
think you could do that yeah I mean why
not what the fuck is just regular powder
alright go do it then so this is views
over here and on right on the balcony
now I don't know if I can do this bro
the pho what do you mean you can't do it
do it the fuck they're gonna swallow it
let's not swallow it swallow it Oh how's
that feel
yeah your watch your watch at would was
supposed to meet on Craigslist huh we're
supposed to meet on crack oh we shit
dude are you alright bro
wake up yeah I'll be down in a minute
dude dude
alright I thought you were playing now
but are you serious me miss please hi
get up dude
yo you awake
all right come on
you
