I know you dude what's your problem
listen what's your fucking problem dude
what's wrong with you the fuck is wrong
with you man you're sure you've been
pranked
excuse me sir can I sniff you can I
sniff you know let me sniff you let me
sniff your book if you don't down
I smelled the black power oh my god
excuse oh you need to move excuse me you
guys say you in the news slutty stick o
TQ sick gotta find some pretty girls
right here
do you read me back off camera flat all
right I know you smell bacon hilarious
cisco dollar nothing water for a dollar
what's the matter with you can I sniff
you Smith you for my camera baby just
want to sniff you yeah let me sniff you
want to sleep you oh just me whew no let
me stay pure I god man what you mean
whoa bro what's to be doing you know me
no but you don't mean no I'm Nicki Minaj
sister look I'm Nicki Minaj this dang
y'all gonna mess
yo what's up what are you doing good oh
I smelt this from far away I can't tell
if it's you or the car nor is the car
are you sure know this guy oh maybe it's
you boy this guy you know he's coming I
think it's you ok way from here you just
gonna without him no I thank you draw
the cops know us what's the matter with
you stop stop stop stop just to 10 more
seconds 10 more seconds all five more it
feels so good right now goosebumps just
let's just stop
okay fine all right that's enough if I
smell you I live longer I in about five
seconds you don't get out of here go on
don't know it's been five seconds go
you
