clora Sabra spread sorry I'm late
man get your where I love this man what
are you talking about get so everybody
get off this little man no I'm late late
what I got I just got rehired he said
come up to the guy over here I know but
get the fuck off this hill fuck am i
sitting in the back yeah going in the
back come on dude
I always got shotgun I always got
shotgun come on there bang oh no they've
reason they fired me to begin with
because I picked up a hooker I swear I
won't do it anymore just please no point
go get another booking and bring her
back over here then yeah and then we're
all gonna get fired we hold my head high
you're sitting in the back right can I
Drive let me try it on so ladies I heard
your order and Maddy officer so you're
coming to my hotel tonight yeah
who's coming with me are you guys coming
we're coming upstairs what's up I'm late
what's up bruh good job
they separated gay people with straight
people and they told me they told me
they're coming to me kiss not going big
11 which means weirdo you high work that
way those bad
well I think it was me they sent me here
oh you see I'm just a crazy guy look I
got a shirt everything I'm ready to work
mines it with this M this is rocky rocky
oh yeah I pack your shit you're fired
no laughing go back to work
sorry dude
you're fired done you done all right now
I'll give you one more chance one more
chance all right we're all right come on
let's go do stuff thought he told me you
were he told me you smoke weed rocky
don't get back you with me
no Quinn back at 8686 I was a little
baby did exactly you cannot smoke weed
here six I was like two years old two
years old 15 years old it's the same
difference
84 what's today what's today what's
today
listen listen you want your job back you
know you know what you're gonna have to
do you know what you're gonna have to
know this is not a trick I'm the boss's
son and I keep everything this is why
Miami's working to the best you're gonna
have to give me a kiss if you want your
job back
come in come in come in hey hey you know
me you want a bag Hey shit sorry I'm
late shit
again in the middle all right you're
getting in the middle hmm you speak
English
yes Richie from Craiglist was supposed
to have a day today oh really not are
you sure yeah you wanna you want to go
for the martini or something no thank
you you saw you look you're on
Craigslist right now searching for
searching for trainees I can be a
trainee after I put a wig on me
just come on you can give me a kiss
there's nothing wrong with that
cuca welcome to South Beach you are you
are with the wrong person here you're
making fake you making ads and when
people come you don't you don't do
nothing and now you want to make more
ads yes
I'm not cute in person is that what it
is oh so that's what it is well let me
give you a kiss a kiss goodbye okay
watch out let me give you a kiss goodbye
just just I just don't wait okay can I
give you a hug no why because because
what give me a good reason why not
because I'm not gay
you're not gay who says I'm gay I'm a
training that's two different things I'm
up for training gay that's two different
categories you complaining bananas to
apples are you being on camera you're
praying camera sir you're being you're
being pranked you're on camera
yo chica Dada Dada Dada Dada haven't
seen you in ages Dada Dada haha Oh
where's my mom dad how are you son looks
so funny dad nothing here from Iraq dad
wasn't bad
you don't remember me dude no I don't
Ben yeah it's been 10 years no what has
and I don't remember you
dad she's gonna she's gonna no no no no
I don't remember II I hired him for the
special occasion so you can give me a
kiss and say son I'm glad to have you
back I would lie with what are you doing
in a regular head well come on come on
come on hey it's okay I'm not sure I'm
not your dad I'm not your dad
today look I see our noses don't match
their noses gonna management you're okay
you okay you're gonna be okay you're
gonna find him he's somewhere here on
the beach
was he a beach bum do you like the beach
I bet he did that I've been waiting for
this moment yes John is not me you are
I'm never gonna ever gonna forget you
when you used to beat me with a belt Oh
when'd you stick your cock up my ass and
on Iran about then and fuck your old son
I thought you're gonna put that lucky to
remember you fucked me and you don't
remember me are you serious hey you
might not want me while the mob was
watching while you fight her off and
mirror watch I know what now watch this
now this is when life starts happening
you
