what up villains welcome to another
video yeah I read your comments lose the
glasses italia alright sorry guys I
surrender
thanks for all your awesome feedback on
Lea did you watch the vlog that's no no
you still didn't watch it I know I'm
gonna tell them a little bit but yeah
dude they loved it they went back they
want your hair cut I need my company
like what's that what's up what's up
with his hat yeah it's a hat so uh we're
headed right now to go look at the house
that were possibly gonna buy for a month
for a movie Tony wrote a script for an
awesome movie by the way Tony my best
buddy right here and it's coming alive
it's coming alive okay I got another guy
thought he was gonna rob me it's not
because he's black but oh so we're going
to bel-air to look one of the nice how
much does that house worth bro at least
10 no 10 mil I saw your movie script is
coming alight we're filming a movie
everyone's like yeah everyone's like
how's your movie career look you just
make it logs man you make it logs
yeah Thank You heaven silence bro making
boobs in silence yep making moves in
silence I like that I'm so excited I got
a main role it's gonna be a dope movie
not one of your social media movies it's
gonna be a it's gonna be dope can't wait
for you guys so I'm gonna bring you guys
along we're gonna vlog I'm gonna show
you everything guys I've got so many
special guests that I can announce and
it's crazy because I used to watch those
people when I couldn't speak any English
and now to work with them that's just
absolutely insane how life works if you
really believe in something you can get
it you just got to believe it like I
wanted these games and I'm getting them
director told me I have to have a six
pack by the movie so literally we're
doing a 60 day transformation but I got
a month yeah yeah four weeks in four
weeks is more than enough time because
you know why we counting the macros look
when we go out to you what I don't eat
because I'm like oh my god it goes my
macros dedication people dedication Leah
today was your first day of
transformation we feel behind the scenes
which I'm not showing you the
transformation video drops March 15 it's
gonna be me and Leo that is gonna be cut
back and forth it's gonna be insane it's
gonna be awesome
so oh this is gonna be secret footage it
was that Logan Paul know you could have
hyped it up be like yeah that was him oh
my god this is what I mean but now that
that means she would lie to you or I
would lie to you so
welcome to my house Berlin
this house yeah whoa
so here we got my living room this is my
love sack sometimes yeah look how
peaceful it is just waking up every day
and like like Shane yeah y'all villain
live over here Natalia
over here how much is this house worth
if you sold it right now it's on the
market how much 20 million dollars 20
million I didn't say the owner said it
so I'm not making a price I'm not making
a price so this kind of provided today
let me run through the bank real quick
you just I love this modern space it's
like flat it's not like you know what I
mean it's like flat but did you see how
long it took us to drive here like a
pageant if you want to get a like a
protein shake or something like people
do it for you when you're at that room
true the concrete probably just a little
broom I'm happy with it you guys want to
go up there
was that a lot of movie shot here so
question if you need to get like a drink
or like a salad you have to guys some
nil will get mad at me don't give me
that it's a click day I'm buying a
twenty million dollar house and you know
why it's a good cleveite because energy
law of attractions so I will buy it
twenty million dollar house and we're
not kidding because if we rent this
house for the movie it's a lot of money
for one month because our Eshoo days are
like fifteen days but if we need like to
pick up shots or maybe even shoot a
Russian hitman in here is cracked
actually really broken yeah
by you I know you like you like Jay Paul
who do you like Logan Park Oh does your
mom know you're watching your mom you
call it suicide videos mom I'm Vitaly
you know I don't want you to get hurt
oh now I see why you were scared because
it's a see that letter it is no it's
glass throw you can see the outside when
you go up it's nice this would be just
so peaceful wake up on the Sunday
have little Vitali running around be
like I made it
villains people live like this I know
right
people who live like this game oh yes
way - this house has so much space to
have people where they split up yeah yes
like people in sport because you want to
hear - what happened without it you want
to view the noises of the day across
that house what is it
what about it you have a movie theater
oh thank you no no live goals right here
what do you guys think we're gonna be
buying this for a month so it's kind of
click Beatty and it's kind of not and
also law of attraction hey fuck you bro
what's your pal put him a blinker on
what's your follow guys I sorta god I
said my blinker on he was way behind me
I turned my blinker I turned left and he
went around me so fast and slammed on
his brakes right in front of me and I
just
he's like what are you doing that where
they like to white nerds either --lens
so I think we're getting the house right
Tony that house is amazing let's not say
we were like where's the one I like yeah
that's the one would like for sure but
guys we came to eat some pho some
Vietnamese pho and you probably think
you owe Batali your cheating calm down
calm down it's it's chicken broth with
chicken extra chicken and I love my
jalapenos
there's no noodles no nothing what is it
it's called bean sprouts beans bean
sprouts it was probably like 340
calories barely barely any fat barely
any carbs all protein bro I love Mises
myself some jalapenos it's a little much
don't you think what do you think Tony
is that kind of like a lot of jalapenos
yeah thank you so much for coming today
that house is a villains thank you so
much for watching this video today was
awesome thank you for coming on the
journey 20 million dollar house it was
pretty insane but you know what I'm
gonna say that I am laughing because
it's your life your choice if you want
that house you can get it in my life and
that's my choice I want that house I'm
gonna get it all right I love attraction
yeah I'm gonna go now no but seriously
guys if you believe in something you
will get it do whatever the fuck you
want to do thank you so much for
watching the vlog keep getting these
gains because gains don't stop and thank
you so much and I'll see you tomorrow
the city
