you got a ticket
that's not a ticket is it you know you
don't have a license tag on this in the
car well I need it I sent two judges of
course you're driving if you crash into
somebody you gotta be insured I'm
surprised would you be able to afford it
no I want and then we're gonna have to
hold on to your son sorry sorry man
you're a good guy
hold onto yours yeah he can just sleep
with me and then tomorrow when you get
the license Doug you can call me can you
park the bike park the bike get off the
bike then park sit right there sit right
here all right put the kickstand down
what are you doing man I I've been
catching it around here all the time
I've been writing you tickets left and
right dude
you can not ride your bike in here yeah
so you have two hundred and six dollars
to pay for this ticket so how you gonna
pay for it
okay okay so then you don't need the
bike I'm gonna have to take something as
collateral man I'm gonna have to take
something if you cannot pay this ticket
right now right now 200 $6.00 men either
gonna have to call a parent or all right
man
I just wanna egg what do you know I got
to get your signature dude no do you
want it you want to talk back to me
I respect you respect me I respect you I
think I think we're gonna take you
downtown so I yeah sent a set of sports
send a squad car go hands out your
pockets sir hands out just keep them on
your head
all right yeah 10:15 when you guys
arrive in 1015 victi I didn't ask you to
talk dude just keep it quiet
put your hands behind your back
you're being arrested have you ever been
arrested before hi this is the first
time all right and I'm N
what am I going to have to do with you
what I walk this way
okay all right stand right there for a
minute with your hands behind your back
yeah
ciske are you scaring a frog
that's what's so funny
thank you guys what a nice day today
it's my friends excuse me sir I'm gonna
have to write you a ticket I wrote you a
ticket because you're not allowed to sit
here and read books I just take it for
two hundred and six dollars first in
your place well I mean there's a sitting
zone over there done I mean can you
afford this ticket er I mean there's
something there's something else there's
something else we could do I mean
there's bushes over there but what I
mean you either have like options to pay
doing I mean I'm trying to give you like
the best option because we're getting
new ones the fuck up what do you mean
get the hell you want going to Bush you
want some up your ass I'll fucking
interfere
no I'm it the fuck out of my face Oh
do it
it's 9/11 one not for one one working
for undercover police guys gonna search
your pockets sure heard my pocket yeah
you got to it well you don't have to
walk away you're gonna catch him right
there tell him to stay they said just be
patient so what kind of drugs you got
try let me see it that's my job they
made me do it you know it's been a while
dude Wow yeah well huh oh no no just
yeah what's up bro nothing dude I just
want to give you a kiss bro no I'm not
tight at all loosey goose I need to take
the garbage to the water if you could
help me man ah my legs cramped up and
stuff it's a normal food some person
this is a long story and accident
happened this is arm in there yeah and a
leg deep speak English you guys cannot
wear KKK costumes this is America KKK
why being so racist you know be careful
here there's a lot of black people you
know KKK is not allowed in America
take your gaze a gang to this summer you
got some weed just saw you I'm trying to
get some weed
what go out work cannot work cannot work
how much II can I work GG can I work oh
can I work oh yeah you never see me Jeff
it well that's a pokemon on truTV at
4:00 p.m. all the time
yeah hey my little J nah next week next
episode yeah all right guys all right
give him a kiss goodbye
man Oh kisses give me kiss Mexicans like
you nice and firm and sexy nice and firm
and sexy nice and firm and sexy so you
wanna be against better write your
ticket today cuz this is not a parking
spot you had a write me a ticket I just
came here I understand that there's it I
mean you could step out ma'am and this
is not a parking spot I mean hold the
traffic you know what and who are you
I'm the parking enforcement agency where
what do you mean we should lose your you
say anything on the run man my vehicle I
walk I walk in right tickets yeah what
do you want ID see I mean I just put the
ticket on the window you know what I
pulled up here how could you give me
could I saw you I saw you coming through
me your ID there's no ID ma'am no no
take the ticket take the ticket now Mike
now I want taste little boy
show me your ID are you I'm taking you
home
oh you're lucky frickin night how'd you
guys like the video thought you liked it
once you guys comment like and most of
all subscribe why not a favorite it to
you know a good nice favorite you guys
could check up here and there you know
you could also send to your friends on
Facebook and if you lose you're still up
MySpace go ahead and do that but Nikki
hey you got to tell them that I just
want you guys to subscribe like her
videos thanks thanks and you know show
us support god
