here's what here is right here truTV
truTV truTV get on the ground get on the
ground get on the ground
ten-four ten-four my friend get on the
ground
he's got a fuse on a fucking blow the
whole building up he can't do that sir
you can't do that
get me a TV right can do the truTV yeah
you're on truTV right now
guys guys step you guys a bomb stop stop
my friend he has a bomb my friend my
friend what are you doing stop you stay
with your wife
therefore you hear me guys stop stop
it's sticking it I can hear you don't
believe me you think I'm a clown
you're going to fucking blow up we'll
see get on the ground get on the ground
get on the correct get on get on the
ground get on the ground get on the grip
get on the ground get on the ground okay
get a little bit lower like in here
gonna kiss
Jojo
get on the ground get on the ground
amigo like that that's good like that
stay like that stay like that you even
standing better stay like that like that
better hold on like that yep like that
that I'm undercover police thank you sir
and come on now we can come up with me
but what thank you sir I don't have no
beer I don't have nothing gonna go on
tonight thank you sir what
excuse me sir put your hands behind your
back an episode of cops what we're gonna
do my bike I'm taking it home my kid
doesn't have a bike the bike has to go
to me sir no no no sir no no no no no no
no no no I'm hold you over for public
badge for oh wait wait I do have a badge
my Florida driver license that's my
badge but sir so you got it you got it
you got it
Eric told me to come meet you the guy
with the dreads hey Eric Larson I'm not
14 months Winton why why would I go away
Code Red you guys in a rush you guys on
truTV you guys on truTV Christmas
edition you're not in the middle of this
right now unless you want to get
arrested - he's not getting arrested if
he's going to be patient with us well
you call Code Red Bev Pete
what's your name right ray why camera in
my face we're gonna blew you up looking
a blur on your face don't worry guys
it's just a truTV and we're from the
14th Street with a pound of weed on you
pound are we we found a weed dude this
is done let's go to the library oh my
gosh do you mind if I search you yeah
don't please you can just be honest with
me no pipe or something like that no
pipe nothing no drugs
drawers I don't know what about your
boxers they say usually keep them less
than you got arrested they were in your
boxers feetball feetball feetball man
free-balling maybe you should just take
it off we blur it out on the camera
interest sir thank you thank you sound
you found my boxers in your mom's
bedroom that doesn't make any sense
fuck you talking about no I did not fuck
your mom Casey Casey you're with me last
night I dropped you off I didn't do
nothing why are you doing this to me I'm
sitting neck sitting next to people you
know I can't really talk about this
right now
what do you mean yeah I'm a gypsy you're
a gypsy yes sir
holy God spirit please send this guy to
hell my thing I was not on done with me
if its own I'll throw it in the street
heading over time I got a red light
right there yeah that's a power five
battery okay
No can I kiss you you
oh shit
let me kiss you then you touch me again
I'll knock you mystery mom god damn it I
told you that think I'm bullshit you're
here no no no say what you gotta say
through TV through TV through TV through
TV through TV through Cheney what I
supposed to do
truTV well they sent us here they say
you got an ounce of coke when you oh
yeah I wish I did I wish I did if I
didn't I'll be doing it right now are
you serious
yelling screams annual Jackson you are I
you are making me laugh though I'm
making you me what's this for for truTV
no I'm just kidding no no no you want to
know what the sport honestly what we're
scouting people for ebony porn you're
black on what you got to fuck me for
ebony porn oh shit I can yeah I mean
this is the money's right and you ain't
tight is I yeah well how about we how
about how about we offer how about we
offer you six hundred and an ounce of
coke gotta work that will work okay you
better quit your drop if you pass the
night age if you pass the nine inch you
pass the test if you fail the nine inch
you go back to washing well I can't do I
mean oh that's really nice all right all
right
well thanks for your interview all right
all right no I know that
have you ever been to prison yep you
know to come my way now well you're
about to find out
it's when you drop the phone and bend
over oh yeah yep but instead of so what
huh
what are you doing okay
huh oK you've nothing in there they
asked you to help good I know dude sorry
camera rhyme in case your bro I'm a
question I have a question for you I
think I fucked your sister last night
was that her hello
whoa what the fuck bro what are you
doing subscribe to my channel guys
favorite and like my videos i'm coming a
lot of great stuff so please subscribe
thanks
