not porn in show Later one up porn and
chill i just one of the nephew wanted to
take point in Chile so you think you in
danger today right you jumped out of a
plane you're good
what up villains welcome to another
video Amelia here Leo and I here and we
add it to another college prank it's
gonna be Leo picking up college girls
today thanks for such an awesome
feedback yesterday on the video Fatali
uncensored amazing comments thank you so
many of you guys are gonna sign up it's
amazing thank you I'm working really
hard we're working really hard on it so
I appreciate all the support Neos are
you ready to pick up some college girls
ready you're ready this thing we're
making him up hitting camera style and
then Leo is gonna get it but Ron you
good-looking guy you got this I can't
wait for your jokes because you want to
only any of know your pickup lines yeah
I'd be a super cringe here oh my this
funny or are they still gonna give you
props and if you're watching this video
right now you've been coming back every
day to watch my videos hit that thumbs
up right now right yeah hit like right
now if you're a villain if you're a
super villain or for you just a villain
or if you just a regular person who's
been watching my videos hit that thumbs
up button and also dude on other news
we're almost got evicted the other day I
know yesterday the manager of our
building called and says we need to talk
and I said okay sure I walked down she
starts yelling and being so frustrated
it's about the prank that me and Leo did
lighting his shoes on fire the easiest
here roll it
yeah that was the video she's like yo
you could have burned the whole building
down everybody could've got killed
you're like getting call the police I'm
like Maddie and I was like I'm sorry I
know what I'm here for I apologize sorry
that would never happen again
that was stupid and she still kept like
yelling and bubbling this is not going
anywhere and she threw my lease I mean
like Oh read it over I'm like you know I
just signed the lease I'm gonna be there
for another year you could at least be
like you know nice now it's like so much
attention I feel like and if you're
watching this miss manager we're sorry
we'll never do that again and it's crazy
it's just crazy to me but that's why I
we gotta buy a house but I want to save
up for a big house anyways all the way
to UCLA in college let's see it let's
get it let's do it you're gonna pick up
more than five numbers but every girl
look at you good-looking God ladies if
you're watching this would you give him
your number he came up to you I'm gonna
answer for them yeah yo that's out
you're breathing heavy yeah I'm nervous
I know I'm not gonna lie everybody gets
nervous it's normal to get nervous it's
a good thing it's get there he never
done this before right I've never done
this before there's a lot of people here
pick up some girls that's our first
target right there hi Leo um do you have
a minute I want to ask you three honest
questions okay okay you have a boyfriend
do you think I'm attractive okay so
what's your excuse
all right so Leo just got denied his
first girl that you were attractive and
he said what's the excuse not to give me
the number
you kind of gave her time to hand her
the phone pandered the phone in her face
and be like here while you're a saying
which excuse not to give me your number
then boom but what did she say could the
might kind of cut up she was saying that
uh relationships that's when you go what
do you think I want to go out with you
hear something but it seems like start
away Maihi set any expectations or
anything oh my god be like I just want
to make some new friends I'm on campus
that's how it starts with friendships
right hi what's your name okay Leo I
thought you're really I was wondering if
I could ask you a couple questions
yeah is that cool okay one do you have a
boyfriend
well we're one thinks they're dating
someone are you just saying that because
I you know I hear that a lot
okay well okay well do you think I'm
attractive yeah okay so what's your
seems to not see him your number
well that's how you get to know me
what's your pick that's really cute
running a dress together oh my god dude
you're embarrassing me Leo right now you
know why you embarrassed me that was the
most rudest thing you went up to two
girls and you said you're attractive and
you completely did not say anything
about the girls like you're right Rick
you got to be like you're attractive too
now she's gonna feel like shit for the
rest of the day because you came up
because they were both cute
even if she wasn't cute you still say
she's can you be any when you give her
the function because look okay what
about you can you go to yeah okay so no
more the same questions okay going with
like a different doper pickup line
that's it you can't go up to two girls
and completely ignore the other one says
you're attractive she felt like shit
guys I'm teaching him call me dr.
vitality from now on he sees me can I
ask you a couple questions
oh my bad did your guy
Leo do I need to teach you the
difference between guys and girls oh my
get ready for night in the complex
no I was pretty hilarious I told you to
do a broad thing I got something for you
why you need a mushroom oh is that what
I need it's up yeah
you want a mushroom yes you really but
you gotta eat it good
I got scared just watching your video
yes you know why I'm gonna tell you what
opening yeah be like hey I saw you
eating this I know it's kind of
disrespect him to go up to a woman while
she's eating because you know girls
getting security chewing and stuff so be
like but if you have a heart you will
share this and then you take a bite and
after a bite you like me feel the heart
because I have the biggest heart you'll
give me your number
hey what's up hi I'm Leo if you have
like a really good heart you'd share
that with me yeah why not lady just no I
just want a quick buy it authorized this
bike sharing is caring you know huh no
it's a joke why would it be a joke well
what are you doing later today Oh Mike
whoa baby want to do homework together
mom Leo what's your name oh they're so
here I'm gonna give you my phone and
then you're gonna type in your number
okay and then we can do some over you
later
what year am i what are you in major
then Who am I I'm leo we just went over
that okay I like to do you homework
I don't know what else you want to know
well we'll go over that when we do
homework are you a freshman you look
like a freshman you just look too young
it's not bad thing to look young
something you hear gotta mean your
friends yeah I got I mean your friends
just transferred
come on gaya so yeah yeah well I I
travel a lot it's just like a thing
come on just give me no it can't be
really mad at him right now but I am
gonna roast them sit down girl is asking
you what else can I know about you
boom I'm the best guy in the world I'm
caring I got a lot of money obviously
they don't care just stupid like this
but you can't be like approaching girls
like this bro and then she didn't give
you her number three times asking her it
stop just stop
you look like then you were like ooh can
I have a number you were hungry I mean I
understand you want to get a number it's
okay to get tonight but dude she was
gonna give you the number you fucked up
but not telling her about you I was
thought the next one if you don't get it
dude I'm taking over
excuse me hi I just want to UM fuck I'm
sorry never mind never like that no I
didn't I should have gone in there at
the opening line or something I just
kind of win like I froze this is awesome
dude people are gonna be proud of
disappointing you right now but it's
okay you're gonna make it out because
we're not leaving until you get these
three numbers I'm gonna possess you with
my energy okay I'm getting energy I'm
filling it I'm throwing this time in bro
a thing of a dog you're a dog and you
came here to eat them okay I mean you
freaky came here to eat them you're the
man you're the best looking guy in this
College you're gonna get every girl's
number
you're fucking walking with confidence
stop stuttering bro you gotta go up to
that girl right now over to sitting over
there and you're gonna say I seen a lot
of cuties here but I've never seen a
cute girl as you I can just see through
your eyes that you're the most purest
good-hearted person I ever met and
honestly I'm just gonna take you I want
to take you out in a simple simple date
excuse me I'm starting to route
ah I thought you were really attractive
and
and I was wanting to get your number you
know yeah well this is just gonna make
it better yeah it's okay
oh okay well hey you up alright
you know what's funny you know what's
funny bro I'm still didn't use my pickup
line no but I liked it because I liked
it because she says I had a long day and
you said and you said I can make it
better so did she what she gave you a
real number
yeah you know what she said and they
might cut out you laid on the mic okay
tell me what did she say oh sorry
Lee oh by the way oh hi nice to meet you
it looks like you've got like done
working out or something I'm on my way
oh really whiny I'm new here and I need
like a workout partner or something
maybe you want to like work out sometime
I could get your number okay yeah dope
let's do it here I give you my number my
phone yeah okay cool my name is Oh
awesome yeah we can like you know cro
stuff I don't know whatever are you a
freshman I'm not are you a freshman no
no I just transferred Leo nice nature yo
you picked it up bro that was good she's
confident was because you came with
confidence but I told him hey that girl
looks like she works out you should go
up to her and be like I can't afford a
gym membership
I want to curl you later yeah lights
okay shows that you came in with
confidence and you got a girl's number
and people asking you a freshman yeah
because you look young by the way leo is
19 years old if you guys are wondering
the dude you'd be like your freshman be
like dude I'm a senior actually just be
cocky oh my god such a cute dog okay oh
yeah bird bird watch boom box okay nice
I'm actually like my dad's actually a
dog whisperer that's crazy
awesome I was wondering if I get your
number
MLE oh yeah I know it's weird maybe we
can like go on a dog walk sometime
her boyfriend oh what the dogs don't my
dog doesn't have a boyfriend her
girlfriends so like the dog I do have a
dog so maybe they can go on like a dog
walk that's what I'm saying
so you know they can maybe have a thing
I don't know it's like how much should
give my phone you type your number here
you go
what's your name again tip date Tiffany
dough there you go thank you all right
all right looking forward to the dog
date cringey as fuck so cringy but it
was good it was good cheers oh she had a
boyfriend she's still give you the
number that's plus five points for you
what'd you do wrong bro okay you don't
have any jobs
okay the dogs would be like maybe they
can poop on each other just like just
ridiculous stuff bro and don't don't
repeat five times we can go on dog walk
we can go to talk we can go on dog walk
we can go on the dog walk smash that
like button 50,000 likes and this week
we're gonna go back and guess what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna feed you lines and
we'll see how good that works I'm gonna
feed him lines it's gonna go back and
forth to me you guys know those pickup
lines where it goes back I'm gonna tell
him what to say in the earpiece and he's
gonna do it 50,000 likes for Leah come
on guys hey I think you're like a really
nice piece of chocolate I think you're
like a really nice like the nicest piece
of chocolate here on campus yeah you've
never heard that yeah like no chocolate
then you're like the dark chocolate yeah
yeah by the way I was when can I get
your number no sorry I just I was
looking for a good piece of chocolate
and and then you walked by and I was
like I gotta get her number
who gave it the opening line who gave
you the opening line who gave you the
opening line you did I know you did it
work yeah but that was good you made her
laugh it worked that's why should give
you the number she's like this guy's
funny she's cool next one tried to go
for a longer conversation before you ask
for the number right you know how I said
you have to pay attention to two girls
no filter just talk talk talk let be
weird be weird hey guys I'm sorry to bug
you I just like guys are super cute what
do you guys studying over here oh you
guys always you guys are counseling yeah
so your counselor yeah sorry yeah I just
like you're like really attractive if
you had Nick need help with your
counseling
uh-huh you know oh yeah isn't that what
they all say though okay cringy piece
she actually has a boyfriend
no I'm saying okay well well if you ever
need help with the counseling or
anything you can let me know well I will
connect your numbers no I can't
he's flunking out right okay yeah okay
well shout your soy can I get your
number
you might snap chat a year snapchat or
not the number it's nap times just as
much as it's the number that's harsh
like well if you need help with the
counseling like you get here Mia right
I'm saying what's your name
Leonardo Leo Leo what now you might the
night you met someone in a yeah nice to
meet you nice to meet you okay well so
no number I told you to pay attention to
both of them one said no immediately go
to the other one she says you can have
my snapchat she likes you she says oh I
never mentally and she said snapchat ago
snapchat is perfect I can send you dick
pics all night long bro I'm sorry and
I'm sorry guys I know you guys think it
Oh Vitaly you have time to like think
about these no that's I'm thinking in my
head what I would have said damn you
must you have some nice legs you must do
like legs like everyday you have some
nicely actually happening you work out
your legs a lot or something keep it
soft first thing um so I was wondering
maybe we could work out legs or
something together because I saw you had
like some great leg action happening
yeah who's your name kendo Leo nice nice
to meet you yeah I need to get your
number yeah you got to pull the legs
call me well the ground yeah definitely
hit you up good the leg line hilarious
awesome give you props you made her feel
good because you complimented her like
you weren't just like she's beautiful
she was cute I told you to go up to her
she definitely was into you it she's
like okay what's not Leo yeah like but
you should have been like yeah I got the
skinniest legs on campus it's kinda
embarrassing that you put me to shame
like just make you feel so good and say
yeah bro next one we're gonna close this
ridiculous like right now I'm putting
you on the spot next clip guys he's
gonna see something outrageous okay yeah
porn and show later what up porn and
chill no no I just wanted enough you
wanted like pointing to thank you no
thank you no I'm just messing with you I
just needed to do something they get
your attention
because I want I wanted to get your
numbers so like we could hang later and
yeah so like gotta get something oh so
he's a video Susan got the camera I know
you looked a little upset on the phone I
was wondering if I could like maybe make
your day better a little bit I don't
know a fight outfit oh well I wanted to
take you out maybe maybe Netflix and
show or something oh shit okay well
that's cool baby we could all hang out
she wasn't gay I think she just denied
you that's hilarious bro that was party
alright guys I think enough picking up
for today you did absolutely great for
your first time good and the last one
was crazy that she's gay villains like I
said 50,000 likes on this video and this
week maybe even tomorrow of this video
gets featured doesn't like some 24 hours
I will be gone with Leo and feeding him
lines
bro it was such a good for your first
time guys applause leo guys in the
comments let's argue in the comments
what do you guys think maybe I was wrong
I can't be like I you know
but from now on call me dr. vitaly
headed back to home gonna do cardio
gonna show you how to do some awesome
ABS exercises and that's it I wasn't
playing people when I told you I'm when
I finish doing cardio and I'm gonna hit
some ABS and already did chest
dude I maxed out today like I never
counted that shit but I maxed out today
275 on bench and I used to make fun of
people that like bench and like count
but it kind of feels good when you have
two 45s on each side of the 25 and you
do it six times but today I'm gonna show
you my favorite ab exercises that
actually work but it's all about the
diet I was made in the kitchen as you
guys know hash tag basic hey guys this
is one of my favorite 1/2 exercises look
at the weight and you crunch
try to go for 25 and also when you go
down breathe out with through their
teeth my mom taught me that and it works
like so you go so you let all the air
out and you just feel the tension in
your abs it's insane because I like
cubes I don't like the little no way
thing just getting ripped when I have
ABS that Dino my transformation they're
gonna be cubes you're gonna be able to
knock on them and gonna be like hello is
anybody there
usually at public gyms there's that this
is my building streon but a public sim
you guys have these this is my favorite
because I do a lot of weight like once
again and it's cubes cubes cubes cubes
squeeze them make sure they're hurting
then the ropes back in for 25 25 25 25
20 so it's total 200 is that enough
yes and no I like to add extra I like
one of other exercises you want to show
them let's show him where you kick my
feet he's gonna kick my feet as hard as
he can down I don't know which direction
and you can touch the ground
go hold them you take them back yeah oh
yeah all right guys
post-workout meal got 4 ounces of
flounder fish a little broccoli I think
it's about 4 ounces so what I want to
tell you is that I hope you enjoyed
today's vlog 50,000 likes thank you so
much we're just gonna show you what I
eat but seriously guys thank you so much
for watching thanks for all your
inspirational messages on the Instagram
how motivating you go to the gym
changing your life it means so much to
me I read it I don't ignore it thank you
I'm trying to respond to as many people
as I can but I'm not a robot right I'm
not a machines villains never die it's
your life your choice do whatever the
fuck you want to do in this life it's
yours I hope you enjoy thank you so much
for watching I will see you guys
tomorrow
