as overdoes I'm older dozing yeah
there's gonna be a fun day guys we're
having a photo shoot for the website
vitaly uncensored comm vitaly uncensored
is coming out oh my god I'm so excited
you've been waiting for this day I have
you saw the clips and everything we
having a photo shoot today with three
hot babes Olivia Austin Daisy Mary and
Brandi Bay I'm sure you guys heard their
names pretty popular famous porn stars
you know we need to make the site look
dull and they Olivia Austin actually did
a prank with her for Vitaly on sensor
it's an Italian sensor it's really dope
it's bringing myself bringing my
cuteness bringing my gains with me
bringing this Lee Lee over I'm gonna
tell them to seduce you 3 their boobs
are bigger than your head if it has to
happen it happens okay I like your style
happy Martin Luther King Day everybody I
it sounds like wise there's no traffic I
guess most people don't work on this day
but it's pretty nice we got to downtown
in ten minutes
usually it takes about 40 minutes from
my place I'm about to head to the studio
we rented off the studio we're gonna do
a car photo shoot and after car photo
shoot I'm thinking about like me running
in the middle of the street and like
three topless porn stars are like
chasing you have the Oviatt dope shot
of Italian sensor trailers gonna drop
anytime now so you guys get ready
because YouTube censorships is being a
little bitch I hoped you guys enjoyed
yesterday's vlog this week is gonna be
busy busy busy busy busy we're gonna
shoot a lot of brains for you guys like
the library prank so I'm gonna do more
just pranks alright guys see at the
studio
what's up villains I guess I didn't say
that look at that echo yo check this out
is a beautiful view show nothing but it
was like a big explosion it's pretty
cool empty studio this is where the
magic is gonna happen you know this is
just a prank on you and these porn stars
gonna come and just fuck the shit out of
you
yo guess who got here my girl let me Oh
tough Olivia a long time going to CL
don't get camera shy like halfway you're
like getting undressed yeah hi brandy
this is brandy guys you probably seen
her movies I'm not gonna lie I jerked
off a few times maybe this morning
fucking the best photographer out here
and we're gonna shoot we're just gonna
have some fun ditalion sensor - coming
up it's gonna be insane me and Olivia
shot a prank where actually I can't talk
about just wait till you see what we did
gonna be at the dolly it's going great
no but your pillows are amazing overdose
I'm overdosing it's how you really must
love your job dude how's your Monday go
absolutely incredible Leo the what you
thinking I just love it - yeah come here
have you ever have you ever motorboated
a girl's boobs do for Leo I think it's
time for you to do it yeah I hope my
boys are God guys how do they smell did
you get some debris I select everything
else yeah guess we just showed up Daisy
hi Daisy
so you love the villains I always get to
the photo shoot and then we're gonna
bang after off cameras
why don't you guys give each other a
little kiss lips guys this dude vitaly
has the best job ever I wish I was there
right now he looks like he's living like
yes
that's jumping edit right now do some
topless shots in public yeah somebody's
stuff made my Monday better than yours
Martin Luther King Day yeah we're just
gonna be literally walking towards in a
head like having fun and and then three
two one kind of flash for the few
seconds with water you put it back this
is so funny that we're doing this on
this street every guy is looking at us
right now guys everyone I'm villains I'm
doing the shooting the example girls
like how would you how would you want a
guy to like approach you like let's say
if I laugh to you and be like let me
spread some Nutella yes is that a good
pick-up line is gonna work be like holy
shit you guys are fucking hot can I have
your number
I did that video actually before I got
two million views put your number in my
phone too bad I got the real numbers
like I'm back in my bank bros days where
i failed so how do you know when a guy
has a small penis what's a sign fast
cars g-wagen is not fast did you
Wow that's what we do
she knows she knows all right we're
about to do a car shoot and I have no
idea where we're going we're just
driving these leo is the biggest whore I
watched this morning to see what I'm
getting myself into
do you boobs wait they're not ready for
the battalion sensor that's crazy
that cop prank with him was one of
honestly one of the funnier rubber off
and I put a hot sauce on the prank is
that why guys would never do that shit
white guys would be like i'm calling
9-1-1 guys we're trying to find this
famous spot LA River if you guys know
about it but if we do get stuck just no
but the homeless people rapist
raped me
serious
we're doing a photo shoot I don't go
fuck let's go yeah you know many car
washes oh yeah okay guys
vitaliy uncensored is gonna be the most
lettis thing hitting the net it's gonna
be so amazing it's gonna be pranks on
another level with hot porn stars hot
girls it's gonna be sexy funny
edgy something that I can't put on
YouTube I'm gonna be able to finally put
it on my own platform and share it with
the supervillains and all these guys are
looking
by Daisy
thank you so much for today and you're
amazing thank you brandy Olivia thank
you
Wow what did you think what did I think
I think it was an awesome experience
it was a great Monday ray great villains
these were the banners for my site
Italian sensor is gonna be the most
little thing hitting than that social
media world all these people are like oh
my god
brands brands I can't associate myself
in life you gotta be you it's your life
for your choice and my choice is yeah
and a lot of maybe a lot of you are the
haters maybe I got some heaters watching
you how my guy he's going back to porn
Baba shut up no I'm going I'm going for
the most entertaining content brings new
girls I'm gonna be the host of the show
cars then
vitaliy uncensored we're gonna be
dropping one video week the most little
video a week something that you can't
see on YouTube be like when they see the
charlie they're gonna lose the trailer
what she drops this trailer we should
drop the trailer soon very soon let's
see and guys I hoped you enjoyed this
log please give it a thumbs up if you
want to see more TVs like this in the
vlog and headed back home right now we
got to get the gains in today I'm doing
shoulders and crazy cardio and you know
it's funny I just got a car wash
oh and now and now fucking I went
through that LA River my car smells
anyways headed back cold alright
villains just got home from my workout
it got dark as you can see outside I'm
super tired I'm going to bed but just
know battalion sensor it's coming I know
been hyping it up but because I've been
hyping it up because it's so damn
freaking good it's so damn fucking proud
of it seriously guys thank you so much
for watching thank you for following my
journey as their super villains I can't
believe you guys coming back and
watching my boring life oh thank you so
much thank you thank you thank you thank
you we got a big year ahead big month oh
I got so much going on I got so many
stuns to do they're probably gonna be
risking my life getting arrested again
but I love doing this shit for you
I'll get high from it so get ready
because that library video was just a
warm-up thank you so much for watching
please give it a thumbs up for the vlog
but if you do want to get your merchants
never die dot-com or link in the
description get it now we're almost gone
really singing you lying oh yeah
anyway thank you so much for watching
villains miss you I know
