what's up villains thank you so much for
coming back to watch another video oh my
god thank you guys so much for all you
love in the comments on the library
video I'm definitely doing part two
sometime soon it was crazy it was so
much fun filming it I actually had a lot
of fun what's up Leo what's that man why
don't you tell it where you go right now
you ready this time we made a
reservations this time you're jumping
this time they're not sending you home
again I know that's why I was like so
much more nervous right now
I woke up with literally like slept five
hours not even and I woke up was like
you have 15 minutes to get her ready
this guy got ready I'm not gonna lie he
is ready he's thinking fuck if I'm gonna
die I'm gonna die you got a video
package she's gonna be on camera I'm
like bro skydiving is safer than driving
a car you know it's gonna be a lot of
fun it's a nice little to our Cruise
Drive we should have listened to some
music it is gonna be like probably the
longest to our eyes open eyes eyes open
so right now I'm telling you villains he
needs to jump with the eyes open or then
it doesn't couch yeah bro you're gonna
be ready so see you're scared I'm sure
there's a lot of people that are
watching this they're scared but now
you're gonna show them that you can
overcome your fear but jumping in and
maybe you will inspire somebody you know
what I was a pussy now I'm gonna go do
it because Leo did it
so you kinda inspiring people right
that's right all right let's get y'all
we just got off the exit this guy was
watching skydiving driving here dude
you're gonna be fine you say the duty
guys understand he says we're gonna be
like you've done it like 90 times
genuine fog yeah I know like I'm scared
I'm jumping out of an airplane like a
woman I take off an airplane believe me
five places like I like look down I'm
like damn like what happens there's no
never here but now we're doing it's
gonna be a good day and we got a bird
shit in our cars you know it's gonna be
a good day when that happens Amy's gonna
be rich
yeah when a bird like shits on you is
you're gonna have a lot of money I don't
know people probably watching what the
fuck maybe it's the rajma thing we'll
stopping at the gas station I'll give
you a look another two-minute breather
and you're probably signed the forms
from last time so you go straight in bro
you need to resign any forms they got
you on file it's not funny but it
low-key is funny but it's not funny
you look great I look great what do you
mean I don't care about looking great I
care about dumping and surviving
look these are my friends over there
they just jumped all these people jump
these oldest people come by and probably
have over a hundred thousand jumps maybe
fifty thousand yeah but this is only
like 50 people out of like everyone in
LA there's only like 35,000 people in
America I have licenses the point it's
why people are crazy you know what it's
funny okay
and it's not racist god damn it I've
never seen a black guy here yeah cuz
they know well all your information from
here last time so let's get you boy my
you up they said 20 minutes a he goes
you know he says he goes I need to use
the restroom you don't need to use the
restroom I'm taking a breather
inspirational messages so I'm gonna get
on the same plane as him I'm gonna go
tell my package about the parachute and
then we're on
seven minutes yeah you look great in
this come on bro
but don't get it too dagi this is a
fresh one looks like between two good
collars oh yeah right get ready to spoon
oh you got boom this guy seems like he's
ready to go he's wild boy you should
leave during the you name understand was
all about to happen top script we would
Keith yo fellas I'm gonna do this good
guy he's terrified we're gonna show this
guy a good time scared the shit out of
them bro just go all out go extra knows
you're my friend he's about to use he's
probably gonna pull the parachute
I've been I cannot wait so I got some
other news guys Devon is actually not
jumping with him he's gonna be his
camera guy and Devon filmed most of my
videos he's an amazing film er there's
gonna be adult video I already know he's
like I'm probably gonna hold his pilot
chute basically not let the other
skydiver pull the parachute I don't know
the fact is that Leo is shitting himself
it's hilarious I love it I enjoy every
second of it I'm an asshole I know I get
high for this when people are scared I
love people when they overcome their
fears I'm gonna be on the same plane
let's do this
are you nervous yeah are you ready to go
whale watching Baywatch
wait that's my other job what are we
doing today don't we have an airplane no
way why are we doing that Batali's
freaking crazy because of him you
Oh awesome me because I want to do it
but like also don't want to do it at all
so good Dylan's is for you you know
we're going to 13,000 feet you know
we're gonna free-falling at Y 25 right
now I'm like smiling and stuff but like
inside I'm dying right now right dude
you think the parachutes gonna work I
don't know I can't say who packed it
you working out bro what's going on here
we're not even halfway
your clock
yeah bro welcome back to Planet Earth
what did you think of that pretty gnarly
huh bro I told you not to close your
eyes why would you close your eyes what
a waste of a job
okay all right villains I know you're
probably wondering what am i eating so
I'm just like I know it's off subject
right now we're gonna get back to you in
a second but I ate three eggs it's 429
calories 2.2 grams of carbs twenty-eight
point five grams of fat and protein
thirty seven point seven grams I been
trying about the head this a bro this
app is everything MyFitnessPal it's not
a brand deal or anything it's literally
I've been hitting 18 100 calories or
maybe going over 30 calories a day like
and I'm losing weight I'm seeing results
before I would like eat at a nine
o'clock at 9:00 p.m. I was like you know
what I think I need another turkey
breast no I fucking don't I don't need
shit that was spinach with seven
calories because what no but dude tell
me about your experience bro like I know
it's scary obviously though like I don't
know like what went through your mind do
you recommend people do you feel great
man
now after yeah cuz you're like you're
happy that you look alive but I saw you
jump and it was like the craziest
because you're in there and then boom
you know I'm like I had a processor that
was crazy but I wish I would open my
eyes up more when I was jumping I was
just something like in shock processing
it all off maybe I should get Devin to
jump with me and fill me one jump for
the villains Oh Abbi sake you like that
she's a really easy yeah could you do
like front flips your wildest yeah but I
feel like same shit every time no they
like what do you guys think villains you
guys like this skydiving vlogs what do
you think let me know why are villains
so we just got back to LA
you feel better stress-free that's it
you did I was guys it's Sunday
there's no days off I'm headed to the
gym me and Leah talked on the way here
off-camera and we decided we're doing a
60 day transformation for him so I'm
actually gonna announce the date now
March 15th
I'm dropping my transformation video and
Leos and it's gonna be going back and
forth like I'm trying to get caught and
lose weight
she's already skinny red so we're just
gonna get him big so get ready guys what
do you guys think about this video March
15 100% drops but we are combining is
gonna switch back and forth what do you
guys think it's gonna be interesting I
think it's gonna be interesting bro
and then I'm releasing I guess my
program on March 15 with the video so
you can guys sign up it's gonna be a
contest is gonna be cash prizes I know I
talked about it a lot but we've been
filming this transformation video and I
might show you guys a little part of my
transformation and then to start from
today start with Leo
tomorrow tomorrow basically not for the
vlog for the transformation video we're
gonna film ourselves without a shirt
talk about it wait ourselves and then
yeah I think it could be crazy I think
it's gonna be good I'm super excited but
I'm glad I announced the date now so I
can't fuck around and be like on March
15 like without even guys telling you
but my official date was March 7 I can't
be looking on the 59 I'm not ready for
another two months not but there's no
fucking around anymore I'm counting my
calories macros sounds funny but you got
to do what you got to do once you get
that it's gonna be easy to maintain I
just like a lot of chocolate guys they
need to go to
see a meeting chocolate anonymous I'm
addicted to chocolate I can't help I'm
sorry I eat chocolate I want cake I
wanted to tell uh I want pancakes
I would just just want so with a 15th
you and I are both shopping yeah it's
gonna be one video and it's gonna switch
a journey from us to as we look at drop
a ten minute video but it's gonna be
like action pack so tomorrow I'm gonna
film me without a shirt maybe without
your boxers yeah we can involve them
absolutely but yeah actually good and
then once my my video wants my sight
drops with my fit program and shit and
then we can the future people and we can
show people yeah I like it because then
they can do another transformation video
because I'm gonna be doing like a sixty
you were like five six week
transformation and then if I first place
and then throw all the fans I'm gonna
hire a team and the first damn hot guy
sort of starting in the first place will
get like five grand second so they're
gonna be motivated and so yeah but right
now we're gonna get back and bikes cuz
no days off it's Sunday my Sunday is
like a Monday I villain so I just got
back from the gym right when I got to
the gym guess who I saw a dad youtuber
Joey fucking salad the most fucking
cancerous cancers that even know how to
say
two per channel in the world so this guy
talks shit about me yeah he might have
been a year ago a year and a half ago
you talk shit about my mom first of all
I'm from Russia you don't disrespect the
people's mother I'm sure your beans
viewers Russian viewers are
understanding this I don't know how it's
in America in America it's probably the
same thing but not as aggressive maybe
but he disrespected my mother she said
all these sexual things and I love how
he's trying to save himself
you guys gonna watch the video and now
I'm gonna roll it for you I confronted
him basically at the gym he's like
saying oh I just said she's hot no you
didn't motherfucker and are you watching
this fuck you fuck you you said beef
dude I'm setting example out of people
like you you talk shit about me online
for no reason talk she assure you talk
shit about the movie talk shit about my
youtube channel I don't give a fuck
about that what I care about is that
well I really don't but I came up to you
and you didn't do nothing you act so
hard on your YouTube videos you're at
Sardar you eat your video saying all
this shit and then when I come to your
face you say sorry that's just an
example for the villains how all these
bitches are you've got all these all
these people fucking are bitches
sorry guys
it's not you guys I'm just talking about
all these people that like yeah like
PewDiePie h3h3 and all those guys yeah
they rose they roast in the creative way
you know they don't they don't they
don't go and say I want to fuck your mom
and all that thing they you know they're
clever you know what I mean yeah you
watch the video what you think
yeah he was so nervous in the video yeah
I just I feel like you're gonna talk
crap or via and then when the person
confronts you in like he was saying that
it was a years a couple years ago but
just like the principal I feel like yeah
the principal exactly the principle
about it yeah I don't care I couldn't
catch her for you and a half I'm sorry
dude but I came up to you I just showed
and everybody already knows was like
it's old news that your pranks are fake
you act so hard in your pranks you run
away from black people
blah blah blah yeah nobody gives a shit
about that everyone I'll bring that up
the principal was that you talk shit
about my mother
and nobody talk shit about my mother I
walked up to you and do nothing
yeah sure the internet trolls and stuff
but here you know you used to be kind of
okay knowing youtuber not really but I
just made an example out of you stay in
your fucking lane
I had no youtube beef you wanted to
start youtube beef with me I ignored it
because I wanted to save it for a person
and that day came and it made you look
like a little fucking bitch you are a
villains this is what happened
what up guys so I just walked in the gym
and guess what I fucking see I see Joey
fucking salads the bitch always stuck
shit about me disrespecting me my mother
saying he wants my mother says he wants
to fuck my mother talking all this smack
making videos online I walk into the gym
he glanced at me he was on the treadmill
and now he's gone he's gone I don't see
him I think he's in the locker room
let's wait for this fucking douchebag
they see what gets the same person well
I gotta talk all this shit well you mean
all the videos you've made you're
talking shit about my mom no one video I
made a year ago yeah now I catch you
finally impersonal table where you gotta
say it's YouTube YouTube diva I'm in
front of you right now what you're gonna
do about it you gotta fuck shit up on my
line it's gonna happen
yeah well it finally happened I was
waiting for this moment to happen no no
well you can fuck shit online now I met
you in person you're gonna talk shit
about my mom have ever spoken anything
bad about your mom's no exactly so why
would you fuck your you to be oh no it's
not jokes I'm here in front of you what
you're gonna say about it if I seem a
person of course I will of course you
will fuck you yeah I'm sure oh I'll beat
your fucking ass with my right hand I
want some of my left it's not patty you
fucking disrespected my mother you
disrespected maybe in this country can
not in fucking Russia I apologize mother
I didn't mean
I thought you said you wanted my mom
panties I'm sorry I'm not
I truly am sorry if it hurts you know
I'll like to take your hands I'm sorry
I'm good bro but it works you know
yep guys that was the video what else I
have to say about this video that I I
had to do my part he said sorry
yeah I'm sure if I tweeted him and be
like why did you talk shit about my
mother online blah blah blah blah blah
blah he would have been like go fuck
yourself this does this he apologized
because he didn't want nothing and you
know you picked the wrong day to be at
the gym I'm wrong time I hope you
villains enjoyed I'm a nice guy I have
never talked shit about anybody like if
I have something against somebody I keep
it to myself like I don't go out of my
way to disrespect people like I stay in
my own lane yeah that's the thing like
if you're posting it online you're like
doing it yes and this is my daily vlog
life this is my life guys so I'm sharing
this with you yeah like you know I'm
saying I'm not just trying to be like oh
my god explode drama all this shit like
I showed it to you guys don't ever talk
shit again because if it was somebody
else he would have slapped you right
there and then but I got too much to
lose but on a good note we're picking up
Tony right now we're headed to the
movies guys we're gonna go watch a movie
Sunday night we're gonna chill have a
good time bros night you know what I'm
saying guys had an awesome workout at
the gym broke like results the cardio
everyday is paying off the diet counting
the macros was the most important thing
for me
as he literally counts everything like I
try to give him a tangerine today no
he's like no I can't like I know I'm
gonna put in the app it has 10 grams of
cards so for everything yeah so anyways
guys pick it up Tony
you believe in ghosts dr. price I do not
believe in anything I cannot I shut up
and it's gonna stay like that our
villains just got home and we're just
think about the movie that's pretty good
there's pretty good what do you think
the fingers are telling watch nothing
anything it's a brand you yeah I watched
a new Liam Neeson movie if you know that
guy from taking anyways guys thank you
so much for watching this video give it
up for Leah make sure you leave a thumbs
up you're the man you did it
you overcame your fear thank you good
stuff yeah yeah yeah I bro give me props
ah crazy show with Joyce Tyler's but
anyways guys get ready we're about to
drop battalion censors a lot of things
are coming out if you know what I mean
so thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys tomorrow
good idea
