I never seen this in America Venice
Beach at this time is dangerous what are
villains today we're starting the vlog
pretty differently we're in the store
Tony's gonna help us out today we're
shooting a best library video I
guarantee you guys that we're doing it
disturbing the peace in the library it's
gonna be insane we're getting a whole
bunch of instruments we're getting a
whole bunch of props we're headed to
another store after this we're just full
of props just wait till you guys see
this video it's gonna be one of the best
video ever disturbing the peace in the
library it's crazy I decided not just to
shoot a prank and vlog behind the scenes
so this is the behind the scenes of
making disturbing peace in the library
this is pretty annoying right how do we
know what they call what do they call
symbols symbols we're gonna hit two
symbols like this this guy is being
really helpful this is crazy and this is
annoying but no nothing's gonna do this
good try thank you for your up I've
never been so hyped to fill my You Tube
video like you really like this is gonna
be a good one
hi villains we just got to a store we're
getting blues party favors
pencil sharpener we getting so many
supplies I'm so concentrated you where's
the party popper megaphone we need to
get a megaphone we need to get a Magnum
a song guys you wanted to see a real
real crazy disturbing the peace I'm
bringing it to you just watch all right
villains we got everything for the prank
we got the air horn we got this we got
three of these bro this is crazy dude
imagine everybody starting on happy new
year and then I'm gonna do our villains
we got all the party favors I'm gonna be
making a protein shake at the gym I have
a popper this is crazy this is gonna be
insane I have a megaphone or whatever
this calls I don't know the rest I guess
you guys gonna have to watch the prank
to find out I'm not spoiling the whole
break there's gonna be hilarious we're
going big we're starting with this
little bazooka
boom I've villains we just got our first
reactions super awkward but once I'm in
the zone I'm in the zone I don't care
what people think do that was hilarious
what do those things out I didn't know
right now if you're watching this if the
prank is already up or not because
tomorrow this vlog is for tomorrow which
is today so probably you're gonna see
the prank so the prank is already up
guys all right villains we just got
kicked out of the library
it was so funny tony was like there's a
security there's a security and I
expected like a big guy like in a
uniform with a gun
it's Institute and the different hey man
I'm calling the police first of all one
get arrested second of all know what I'm
doing thorough I'm not doing anything
illegal this is a public school so
technically I can fill maybe I can't
upload and he's like you can't upload
like it stopped me before but he was
cute you know I respected him I walked
away I could have messed with him more
you were talking in a megaphone would
you be respect you know I don't know
just just being funny but um right now
we're gonna head to Beverly Hills Public
Library we're gonna switch it up it's
not gonna be a school library so we're
no I don't know what kind of reaction is
gonna get there it's crazy people are
still at campus at 6:00 p.m. what do you
mean I never been to college of course I
know where did you graduate from notice
in Miami private school sometimes your
grades I'm kind of smart damn did I mean
I graduate 3.5 GPA right now we're gonna
go to a public library let's see what
kind of reactions we're gonna get all
right now as you guys watching this I'm
filming more for this video
I'm gonna upload a quality prank over
quantity cuz I couldn't finish it on one
day but I'm not going to because it's
getting dark it's getting late I still
need to get my lift in need to get my
legs and shoulders I'm making this video
ten out of ten so I'm gonna take my time
I just love UCLA the college where we
filmed the video and we're headed to
Venice Beach to meet our fellow Russian
and crazy youtubers Sasha and I mean on
how many girls have you big like not
like that many would forth more than
turns you can't ask you the same
question well I guess the same question
what's something that you like screwed
up
and like you just never admitted that
everyone was like trying to figure out
like you know I'm saying like a
situation that you like I don't know if
you like for everything I did
when I was a kid I used to steal freakin
the car things logos should I can share
that I mean cool people get to know what
do you see yourself in five years
what's like one thing that you really
wanted like you want to do that you have
no yet I want to go to an article it's
Ardea dope idea for a prank that
penguins or anything but yeah I just
want to go there it's like ten thousand
dollars just because I know they left
maybe it's the boys that are watching
you maybe have some dopey fans what's
the most embarrassing thing
in front of a girl I don't think I have
done anything everywhere except maybe
the chocolate that's a community yeah
I'm not gonna translate the subtitles
let's fucking talk English no more
Russian alright guys so they got a house
at Venice Beach and they obsessed with
homeless people I don't know what it is
you want to go interview at ten o'clock
we're all not homeless people I listen
to that it's super dangerous I'm not a
pussy I flew up here in Venice Beach the
cave nice how many people get great
fucking experience bro it is Lea cuz
they were they were a little bit rude
but usually I come to them Venice Beach
sir empty do you guys see this what are
you doing dude look at this is that a
speaker what's in that supreme though
it's okay alright if she if she sees
this public she's fucked
Hey yeah only if I can flex him from a
mouse go on man because I'm
Madeline or you come up he's a gang
member you have they have knives and
guns I'm Mario he was just acting in
Russian like let's go back let's go
across and in fact I was so free you
know I said how dangerous it is to
people in the row just told us literally
out of our feet I never seen this in
America Venice Beach at this time is
dangerous they're gonna steal the
cameras they're not gonna care I heard
people get a snappier live every day I'm
looking like this and I have an
interview with some people today was
very dangerous yeah this is honestly
crazy I have a well you guys are good
I'm gonna hire you guys for pranks I
want to bring my friends those dopes no
you guys are gonna they're good acting I
saw the camera
yeah am I gonna lie
what see this yeah what do you feel body
of friends they did a good job before I
knew from beginning all the way to the
beach yes well I saw the camera over
there when I was looking for cookies I
was like am I gonna be here for like 15
minutes and you forgot about it they
kept the door open I said close the door
when I'm so kids why it was like you
were standing sitting there like okay
just give them the money but don't put
me was more question how what you think
how many actors we have you know that we
have also three black guys
you were like these guys hired actors
and then if I write now they had three
black guys waiting for me I give me
props prankster of all pranksters you're
a blogger we should be on one side we
should be connected peace and love
that was a good start for this new
channel for tequila and I'm Iran but
they didn't work in a lot of more stuff
for sure I wish him good luck hopefully
they stay consistent but they got too
excited
they could just get him stop talking
about it yeah yeah believe this happened
ro
you're kind of first on the couch sasha
was second and I was third and I was
like it's like fucking it they're gonna
stab me it's gonna be like I would be
the third one
basically they ran in with a knife and
said oh you guys are the guys that
filmed me putting cameras in my face and
I can't believe they got insurance us
that old white boy that's crazy so when
it comes out guys I'll promote the video
I'm gonna try to get the footage we'll
see or go ask for the footage I just
wanted to say guys instead of the vlog
it's midnight your life your choice guys
do what you want them to slide I love
you thank you so much for support
it's so cool to connect with you guys
it's so cool to talk to you guys every
day read all your comments it's fucking
awesome thank you for me in the I'll see
you guys tomorrow
listen
