it actually felt really warm with his
feet when did it look disgusting like
jelly they look disturbing there dude
I'm facing my biggest fear today yeah
like I'm making you guys go all
skydiving I'm making you guys do all
these freaking things let's a fatality
have a few yeah I do it you know what it
is
spiders today we're gonna buy a
tarantula and I'm gonna put on my
forehead I'm facing my bigger fear
villains I can't even talk right now his
name has come I am freakin afraid today
I'm gonna overcome my fear spiders death
I see a lot of people do it somewhere
but that's them I'm gonna pick up a
tarantula put it on my for I don't know
about picking a table dude I think I
just gotta close my eyes it has to be on
my for you might have to pick it up you
think yeah you might have to call
someone else are you serious dude I'm
the same way in any way possible so
we're gonna go to a pet store this
should be selling tarantulas we're
getting this tarantula and we're putting
it on my face they say they're not
poison at the best stores but they're
like we don't really know yeah we can
just bring in that as an example for the
rest of our lives are gonna use I
wrestled a bowl okay let's beat that
what's better than a freakin uh indeed
Blaine or maybe like we plan jumping
without a parachute let's find other
conversation Dylan's mom relax relax
anyway so we're picking up free right
now we're going to the pet store she
wants to see this
she thinks I'm fucking crazy I don't
think I'm really that crazy cuz I know a
lot of people that did it so it's like
I'm a pussy right now but then I'm
really not so comment below what's your
biggest fear let's do this
alright guys okay great I told you about
the idea tell me what you think I think
it's a great idea but we need a good
idea I'm facing my biggest future
okay I texted you and I was like I want
to come I gotta be I gotta do this but
it's not gonna bite me right no you're
gonna pick it up and put on my forehead
they said they they don't bite but they
said there's can be a chance 50 50 50
yeah if it bites it's like a 75% chance
you might even not make it to the
hospital
if they do bite they're not poisonous
but they said they don't know they can't
guarantee it I can't believe I'm doing
this
literally we're gonna go get it and
we're gonna put on my forehead but I'm
not gonna scream I'm nervous but I'm not
gonna scream like a little girl yeah you
are all right we just got to the store
oh my God we're like literally five ten
minutes away from getting this tarantula
I don't mean oh they have it but they
for sure have it and I'm super terrified
scuse me sir
I'm putting a tarantula on my head what
do you think it's not here they're big
no dude
some of them hide no they don't have it
new companions coming soon usually
people would give up time to go to
another store maybe is this a sign I do
not know but if you really commit to
something you got to do it whatever whew
you guys have you better get it over
with
that reality hits when somebody says
yeah we do carry them okay
I'm gonna come right now thank you so
much I'll be there in 20 minutes
Roy all right thank you what did he just
tell you when you ask him if they're
poisonous if a tarantula bites you're
dead so it's like I'm taking a risk I'm
playing with fire let's go meet Roy he's
a tarantula expert let's see
can we switch the vlog like 360 and
pretend like we never even filmed the
spider - in and out you serious the guy
said they're venomous you give Natalia
don't worry
Russians are probably I mean through the
tarantula venom but we made it to all
the way to Santa Monica Boulevard that's
like 40 minutes away from our house
Roy seems like a nice guy did she get
one of these for the house Yeah right
well you can just smell the poison so
which one is the most aggressive ones
this is the most aggressive one we're
getting the most aggressive one go big
or go home I jump out of planes arrest
little holes before you know my heart
it's like oh my god okay he's done with
the trench to kill me he's gonna bite me
how do I put on his face though it's not
gonna bite me from this shit invite you
okay okay did he John no they don't just
grow my forehead oh my god oh my god oh
we can't breathe my hands are sweaty
everything's sweating dude my back is
soaked nice I feel it's pinching my eye
yeah I'm gonna panic - did it actually
felt really warm with his feet when I
know how I just went fully into it but
if I was at my house I wanna go fully
into it the only reason I went for the
interest because Roy is the freakin man
Roy just let me do it in the store
without me buying it
Roy thank you so much I got you're gonna
take care of this guy you did look
disgusting like the gentleman's casting
you look scared
would you look disturbing
hey what's happening at home we're about
to feed a snake give it love till we
feed it to different okay
traitors buy it and take it home no do
you gotta feed it to the snake it's like
natural like what else are they they
only wrote it Oh does the mice know
already or not um usually they don't
oh wait I thought he said it's tough
getting here what yeah and then I guess
he'll save it he still be a hero I don't
want it like a backlash how's Logan Paul
no you don't think so I do go viral
because of this no just let me know guys
it wasn't me it was Roy hopefully I
won't be trending for killing a mice now
that's nature that's normal I'm sorry
how you filling out for that spider in
time but I did it guys give me a high
five
I did good whose face was in my eyeball
I was terrified I commit in my brain I
was like I'm gonna do this just like
with the streaking and stuff I say I'm
gonna do it there's no turning back if
you turn back in your pussy there's only
one way forward no turning around
how about you do that
this is guaranteed dying or is this not
gonna be a beast thing this is gonna be
it's gonna be like five times you should
rest it tonight I freaking did it you
don't understand I just overcame my
biggest fear like that was one of my
biggest fear like I'm talking about it
right now sell goosebumps guys I was
awesome
don't buy racing you really see I can't
let you put those in your mouth what's
wrong with that and said they were clean
and then you put this is what we need to
do for vlogs now we need to get out more
outdoors get out you know warms up your
protein like the big night crawler one
oh my god with Jeremy to eat them and I
would literally just swallow them dude
you have worms in your stomach you know
that right hi villains I became my
biggest fear and right now it's time for
the gym stupid
that's crazy bro let me take a picture
last time somebody hit me and I wanted
to fix out-of-pocket then you have
insurance oh you watch my videos and
stuff you just get hit my car pretty
fucking hard my neck went like this
we've slid you were driving fast bro
it's raining you're supposed to be
driving slow maybe you did it on purpose
because you wanted to talk to you
literally like moan your biggest fans
and I visit stopping villains this is
pretty crazy you know what I'm not gonna
call the cops they're not gonna go
through my insurance the guy said use
the men of my word I just don't want to
drive off of it and inside is like I
love this guy you guys what are the
chances that a villain hit me bro do you
think it did on purpose just security
wanted to talk to me
no definitely not that's crazy man I'm
sure he's watching it probably right now
bro I see you Monday for the car
appointment I didn't go through
insurance I didn't want to do that you
seem like a nice guy you gave me your
word that you'll fix it so gonna fix it
adjust a lot of my paint came off or his
paint came off on my car but I can't
believe it isn't my car is it tank
it's a long day overcame my fear ate
some worms I want to give a kiss no I'm
getting maybe Brie
you gonna sleep with one eye open today
maybe two villains its round two for the
gym right now I'm gonna go lift
I ran five miles this morning I did
crazy abs right now it's back and byes
we're not stopping guys we're are not
stopping 2018 is our year
here's the montage of me working out
ha how was the gym bro how was it good
so when I drop my transformation video
if I gonna drop it in large no I want to
do cardio in the morning when I run five
miles bro you don't need a run you need
to eat as much as you can right now
Brian I'm so jealous of you think eat
whatever anyways long story short headed
home right now super tired long day and
had a tarantula on my face Kade some
worms got in the crash if you guys
enjoyed this vlog please give it a big
thumbs up if you want to see more of
these type of vlogs let me know well not
more creatures no more creatures we
shooting a prank tomorrow it's finally
should be sunny tomorrow we're shooting
a prank and we'll also tomorrow's
breaking it beating the library I think
hands down I'm gonna film one of the
best library brains that's ever been
done sorry it's just how I roll that's
how we roll if I'm gonna do something
I'm gonna do the best so guys get ready
for a prank possibly Thursday or the
next day get ready guys so question of
the day what's your biggest fear what do
you want to achieve I'm gonna be
responding to some comments on YouTube
so tell me your biggest fear what's your
biggest fear okay villains we'll see
what shows madelia the bit bizarre why
speaking Russian okay alright villains
thank you so much for watching this
video it's your life your choice do you
want this law goes crazy
get ready for tomorrow for brain learns
how to speak okay English Vitaly let's
see that
