what's up villains welcome to another
video thank you so much for coming back
thank you for showing me support on all
these daily videos it's crazy it's
raining in LA first time ever so
remember in the previous vlog I've
talked about all these boxes guys right
simulator right yeah so leo
where'd you call I call the group home
like we're like foster kids and whatever
like there's a lot of kids I live and
they don't have like much stuff so it's
a good place to donate that's a great
donation it's pretty heavy I think we
should roll it on the skateboard or
something uh how many miles it around
this morning five five miles fasted
cardio and I'm doing that from now on
yeah I've been joking around how meeting
cake their their sweets and stuff guys
this is it
my mom meal prep this morning's got the
meal prep boom I got the meals for the
week we're gonna be hitting 1,800
calories a day 150 grams of protein
around 50 to 80 grams of fat and 50
grams of carbs I'm gonna be sliced we
got to get this fucking gone let's go
so we got it loaded up they're doing a
pretty good job at thing so we headed to
this place maybe we can hook up a little
not about late for the convergence
awesome so the house has to be huge it's
a mansion no they cannot for the mansion
this these are like people that are like
less fortunate kids they like come from
like whatever situation is a come from
there might be even tools mighty bones
all right well we headed there right now
guys and also I have a dentist
appointment today I figured it would be
a perfect different it's raining outside
we're supposed to film the video for
Leon picking up girls but obviously we
can because everyone's inside we wanted
to do it in a college campus so for that
matter I'm going to get my fillings in
my teeth and we just see where the day
takes us this is like seal 20% 30% but I
might be headed to Australia Belle born
there's a lot of villains in Australia I
knew one day I wanted to go to Australia
but I was never happy to go there
because I feel like it's just like in
America just people with that yeah they
have accents but it's like
yeah but you have to go like an not a
jungle looking like you know what I mean
oh you're not just gonna see in downtown
I can't guru crossing a street let us
know if you guys from Australia let us
know where we should visit when we go
it's okay to go to Melbourne I also
wanted to get off Perth just let me know
guys what you guys think I should be
doing what's the places to definitely go
visit and I villain so we're pulling out
this house this huge dude it's looking
it's a mansion but it's like an older
mansion have you ever been to like a
group or any Tigers before no could this
looks like there's a lot of rooms
we just donate it to the foster home it
feels pretty nice right now again you
think these kids are good that's good
feels good next we have a meeting with
my manager and after that I got the
dentist appointment you just finished
showing my meeting and look at this
mmm 40 grams of protein some broccoli
asparagus so my pee smells nice which
I'm kidding asparagus makes your penis
infested it comes up the whole room but
right now we're headed to the dentist I
got to get my feelings in but this is
shuttle dedication I wanted to show you
I'm bringing my food everywhere I just
don't even know how to explain it I'm
typing it up everything so much but just
like just wait the year just started
just wait
we all hated the dentist not this one
what's bad dr. Canady our cavities I
know that's why I came
yeah guys eight cavities age we're doing
half on the right and next appointment
we're doing half on the left so four and
four and the cleaning I'm getting the
shot at my gum no it's a little pinch it
takes a second but that pinch hurts
what causes cavities you know sugar who
we know I love sugar
excuse my diet so much sugar chocolate
cake it's not mine
guys it's not it's not me chocolate chip
cookies one cool one cookie voice cookie
one cookie needle look at the size of
his needle
open your eyes now the easy part how are
you go okay cancel help on my mouth okay
no and so Battaglia's being a teeth done
right now as you saw so I think doing
that guys I decided to come across the
street to some Arabic place to get some
food check it out it's so good I've been
trying to get some honesty it's just so
bad for vitality because you probably
not be able to eat after this because
those teeth are all messed up and also
on top of that is eating it's no crepes
non-stop I'm always gonna be heating out
and like eating good food there and
you're just gonna have to be on the diet
I got something either's right now it's
totally you guys know how it is and uh
let's go check out all the time all
right oh my gosh guys I'm so freaking
for right now I was great food thank you
whatever restaurant you are and now we
are gonna go check up on Batali
let's go see how he's doing
so I just was another song to start
saying how are you doing and I can see
we forgot that he cannot talk cuz he has
needles in his mouth dude all these
tools gave me a headache bro my head's
killing me right now he's dumped five
cavities on this side Oh like right now
I'm talking my temple hurts I didn't
know how I'm talking I don't feel half
of my mouth half of my face yeah this
was pricey bro oh man but nothing's
worse than the root canal I had one root
canal and that was the worst feeling
ever
I'm headed to the gym right now Leo's at
home he's working at the home gym but
I'm hitting chest today so those
dumbbells only go up to 80 pounds sorry
I do dumbbell chest press a hundred
pounds yeah I need to get him a
membership I'm gonna let you guys know
all the supplements that take around
like February beginning of February and
stuff like that
all my pre workouts the fat burners I'm
gonna do a prank on Leo since what he
did to me with Bree since he left Bree
hand and pulled that prank that he's my
bro you got my back I have these fake
Easy's but he has the real ones I have
these fake Easy's and I'm what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna burn him and pretend
pretend that's his I was gonna be yo Lea
you see you remember what you did when I
put gas all over it in the parking
garage so don't burn my house I'm gonna
see his reaction so yeah and then Bree I
know you're watching this you're next
and I might get even worse than Leo so
hang tight I've villains I just got back
from the gym and I'm gonna prank Leah
for what he did with a breathe the fake
pregnancy test I'm gonna get him back I
went out and about to fake Easy's the
black ones and he loves his easy so much
I got these right here I got the little
rainbow whatever you want to call this
and I'm gonna light him on fire in the
garage I'm gonna call him right now and
ask him for help
in the car is gonna be interesting let's
see what kind of reactions he's gonna
give us but yo yeah yeah I'm down in the
garage you're gonna see what happened to
my car you're gonna laugh if somebody
put a crazy sticker on it just kind of
just check it out yeah leo easy easy
yeah you remember you pranked me with
the breeze yeah I'm not you I don't get
like shoes for free you know as you mad
am I not get off like 9:00 our doors why
why would you let breeding huh dude how
we gonna put this out now I'm getting
praying
I'm sorry ruff enjoy your knees why
would I buy you a new pair you mean you
find me you pay you why are you
complaining about you wouldn't have
another pair I'm sorry bro
good job you got clickbait for the day
dude there's they're like very easy
flip-flops now don't ever let people in
my house without my solution my
girlfriend and my girlfriend not my
girlfriend I was here bro are you really
mad bro you're gonna go in your closet
your shoes are there you just got
pranked
nah bro Marilla I went to buy something
easy bro I promise you you're good you
don't believe me - okay there that
you're a dick
I actually believed he when I saw them
at first cuz he looks so real I never
liked war with this prank stuff alright
guys if you're watching this give it a
thumbs up for the feel bad bro I'm gonna
talk to you in bed I'm gonna give you a
sucker and you can go to sleep all good
I feel inside hoped you enjoyed the
prank my teeth hurt I gotta go to bed
they really heard that drill sounds I'm
gonna have dreams about that
but seriously villains thank you so much
for watching around February 1st I'm
telling you what supplements I take and
for now I'm gonna have to say the sweet
Daniel but before I say that's me Tanya
it's your life your choice do whatever
the fuck you want to do and also if you
haven't hit the gym yet what's stopping
you you should get up right now hit the
gym because we getting these gains and
once again australia melbourne i needed
here what's going on the streets over
there we're like 20 percent chance we're
going mate mate mate mate mate mate mate
mmmm-mmm is every die
