what are villains welcome to another
video so excuse my diet but today is the
cheetah right decided me cheating
anyways today I'm taking Li Li Li BRE
and Leo skydiving Leo are you scared yes
we're gonna go skydiving just to wake up
and then we're gonna go continue with
our day
but you should eat your last Donuts
before your parachute doesn't open how
scared are you they're you kidding me
you've gotta have an airplane like it's
not I don't know I've been like mentally
preparing so weight is less but you
couldn't sleep no I've been thinking
about it and I've watched your video of
you skydiving and I'm just watching it
go up and it's just like I know the
build-up and everything yeah but she's
doing it well we're both gonna get a
video package for you guys so we can
throw this in the vlog well what do you
make any reservations so I hope we can
do that what's up with you are you
somewhere over the rainbow
I can still have a six-pack eating this
every day one and a half donut does not
cheat when you know you know when you go
in the air you burn more calories it's
the pressure change in the life anyways
you're supposed to be up at 6:00 in the
morning it's already freakin 10:00 p.m.
I mean 10 a.m. I'm still asleep that's
why I need my coffee
hi guys let's go Skyler I can't see oh
you understand how good that thought
like I still feel the donut rushing into
my veins like I can't see you oh my god
all right guys we got one hour and a
half drive to Paris
Perris California we're supposed to be
there at 9 o'clock in the morning
leaving at 10:00 totally everything is
running on schedule so Leo how scared
are you be honest like like you actually
scared he used over-exaggerating for the
camera now definitely that's good
I don't know when we get there it's
definitely like a lot worse I don't
think I should jump the first time at
you we gonna sign you out because by the
time you get all the paperwork basically
where you sign your life away saying you
die responsible no I'm just telling it
what papers yes designed like if we die
we're not responsible you serious you
serious Anna
walk home
I'm just speaking the truth truth hurts
if you die you die all jokes aside guys
nobody's gonna frickin die just papers
they have to sign though they're not
responsible blah blah blah blah blah so
by the time they sign that I can
probably get two jumps in because they
have to watch the instruction video they
have to get all this they have to get
all cute and stuff so guys how's your
two hundred push-ups going I forgot
yesterday you reminded me it was great
and I'm gonna do some more today I need
to do my 25 I was about to say I've been
dieting but I have not been guiding the
way I wanted I know I know I know I know
I know but basically I'm basically
saying five miles every morning like I
know it sounds ridiculous but my body
fighting needs to get down to 7% or 6.9
just cold they're not gonna let him jump
through those glass tables
I'll see if I can schedule one right now
oh yes all right yo know what Leo's
jumping no he's not yes hey Leo you're
down I'm gonna text you their names so
you can make scheduler thanks so much
bye yo we just got off the eggs that are
you guys ready
I was watching skydiving videos on the
way here are you serious what you're not
jumping you're not in charge of anything
you're just exactly just attached to a
person I know your future I know you
passed I know everything about you
why don't you do your weird noise li did
last night when it possessed
hi guys so we just got here and they're
not guaranteeing for them to jump
because there's a thing called
reservations I didn't call for
reservations
you guys might on my night jump today
how many of you guys along here and I'm
gonna go jump what's up guys to Vitaly
right now is jumping a me and Bri are
filling out the tandem Jonas it's like
saying if I die they're not responsible
yes that's good
and like the she were signing earlier
understand how Vitaly does this all the
time
I understand skydiving they resort in
serious injury or death this is not and
now what are you doing you're gonna jump
into my I certify and hereby reaffirm
that I have carefully read the entire
waiver agreement I fully understand it
is a binding contract and except by
signing this document I give up
important legal rights it is my
intention to do so and I do so
voluntarily I fully accept its contents
inside it alright some three minutes
away before my plane
we brought the GoPro but heater Jake
doesn't have his helmet thingy so we
can't record this John but you guys see
me a lot of doing a lot of jumps I want
to see her and you guys jump that's why
I came here for what's up man how was it
was good did you see it
hi
no not me did you see somebody had a
cutaway no parachute didn't open oh no
way - yeah oh yeah he landed on the
highway because he chased his canopy did
you see somebody no that means
somebody's there she didn't open wait
what yeah did you see all the ambulance
somebody how many she didn't open in the
one on the highway probably a wingsuit
err this is why wing sins are dangerous
but his reserve opens are good all right
what's up villains so Vitaly just took
off right now in the plane and me and
Bri as he was going off they called our
names to go up and as we thought we were
gonna go up what happened we can't go
these are understaffed and they're gonna
close so super bummer I was super scared
as soon as they called us but next time
yeah we're gonna go like crying in a
week or so
I think he's leaning I know oh yeah so
all these people are coming down right
now I don't know which one there's like
so many of them alright what a day we're
on our way home yeah I'm kind of
disappointed you guys didn't get to go
and that's a perfect example that you
have to prepare for stuff like this you
just don't go you make reservations you
have to buy a ticket you book it in the
dance it's my fault guys but you guys
have fun
what no I know about here like believe
there you go or you wanted to go you're
right out of it right now we're coming
back to LA it's gonna be a crazy week
ahead of us
oh my god there's so much going on even
know where to start but I'm not gonna
start anyway because it's for you guys
to find out Yoli have I got a shoot like
three pranks for them today not today
this week and some college breaks were
you remember those ideas I was talking
about yeah we're gonna get some crazy
stunts so we're driving right now we're
talking oh so we drive here obviously
you're driving we can see you in the car
moving sorry what college prank are we
shooting sparked I was like you know
while you're gonna pick up some girls
put a wireless microphone on him and
this guy why'd you just tell me you took
notes bro you know how people say you're
good-looking guy there's nothing to be
scared of you I actually been getting a
lot of beams like I was such a shy guy
till I saw your videos and I'm just like
with the girls I can talk to know
whatever the more open you are and the
more like non-straight you are the more
who is this guy like you know yeah you
go up to a girl and be like I like your
hair I can use it as a mop how many
times you hear when you go out oh you're
beautiful so basic if I came up to be
like yell and you spread the tail on
your booty like I like this guy
only if you would have said to me like
that I would have not I didn't I said it
for this video but because of that like
then we actually met and went out and
then I realized that you're like an
amazing guy Ilia what's the most
memorable pick-up line that you wrote
for me or what do you think what are you
going in tomorrow would tell I don't
know I think have to wait come back
tomorrow we're sending Leah to pick up
girls it's gonna be awesome it's gonna
be hilarious we can't wait to see this
guy my every girl's gonna give you their
number look at you bro you're like a
young Leonardo DiCaprio yeah
either help us back in LA no this is
saved by
look we got back into all day you got
back into traffic villains just got home
and check this out my mom is a trooper
thanks mom obviously she didn't do it
alone she hired some handy guys thank
you so much look at this but yeah
nobody's seen this Russian hitman
painting I should hit man yeah make sure
you leave a like on this blog if you
want to see more Russia and hit my
pranks get as many likes on this video
as you can come on guys don't be lazy it
takes one second let's see how many like
skating villains get come on you want to
see the Russian hitman but not from now
I can't bring any girls back thinking
Eva girl is that your girlfriend
breathe come here I was telling my mom
now so you're gonna see in the vlog
later I was like and I can't invite any
girls over I was like when you and my
girls just hide it just imagine yourself
hi guys as you guys know this is the
only family I have left in my life my
grandma's in Russia so we're doing a
little family trip to Target when they
get that little carpet my mom's to get
the carpet now always like the holiday
Tamar cuz you know we'll never do it
right are you out of breath for running
this you want me to carry that over my
shoulder no you you mom did you see that
she's dragging it you're disgusting I
got it
yeah you said the carpet was 20 bucks
you want to buy it
sure not this shit I told you I don't
like you what do you think dude we
should give more options I don't mean
it's bad for $200 this piece of shit
nobody my mama's like fluffy like I can
actually sit and scratch my ass on it
but not this one okay let's get it
ghetto cuz I will never get away I will
no we'll never get it right I got enough
for today John's got a hole man there's
no right here let's see how we're gonna
look with the rug whoa what do you think
he looks good all right villains this
law came to an end thank you so much for
watching but before I go you ready to
jump like Sunday yeah yeah you sure are
you gonna wake up we're gonna be like oh
it's on Saturday gonna be like dude I
got lost somewhere in LA I couldn't come
back home Sunday like you're pretty
scary but like I'm down Bri are you
ready yeah
ah villains seriously guys thank you so
much for watching it's your life your
choice do whatever the fuck you want if
you haven't followed me on instagram
follow me vitalyzdtv my merch is
villains never die calm
thanks for all your motivation DMS I'm
trying to respond as many people as I
can but like I said I'm not a machine
alright villains what do you want to see
more in the vlogs we're going crazy this
week we're going crazy with pranks and
vlogs I know what kind of pranks you
guys want to see but vlogs what do you
guys want to see more in the vlogs I
villains thank you so much for watching
I'll see you tomorrow - see ya
