what's up villains so I'm with Bri and
Bri came up she came over she has like
this really cool prank idea tell him
okay so since Batali always pranks you
well I figured it's about time for me to
prank him so I got a fake pregnancy test
and I'm gonna mess with him so badly and
I'm gonna tell him he's gonna be a
father
how did he react oh he's gonna be so fit
oh my god he's gonna freak out yeah yeah
he's gonna I don't know yes okay so he's
getting back from the gym right now he
should be back any minute and we have
the hidden camera set up and then Brie's
gonna go in the room and close the door
and say super serious yeah like you're
gonna be a father
okay well let's see what happens okay
what's up tell me that you guys hungry
I just didn't expect you to come over
like this like you usually text me
before you come over and stuff like that
like what what you can ask me to meet
all of these what can be so serious
right now seriously
what's up tell me nothing
were like oh this is gonna be human
eight and a half bucks but you know I
haven't got my period this is not good
no listen listen listen to me I have
about my period I took a pregnancy test
you're fucking with me right now
what do you mean I'm fucking with you
what do you mean like what am I gonna
lie to you you serious
my chest hurts first of all who came
before you before I get to conclusions
how do I even know it's my kid I didn't
know before you what you did fuck you
like I literally sleep here every night
well it's my doing okay is your parents
gonna be okay with that are your parents
gonna be okay with it
no they're gonna tell me to throw it
away like what my mom's gonna fucking
flip out my mom's gonna dig her I'm not
ready to be a dad
I'm sorry and this and this gave me mine
for we're gonna have to get a DNA test
we're gonna have to get a DNA hold out
every time we're gonna have to get a DNA
test brief so mmm cuz it's gonna be okay
listen I'm gonna be a good dad I'm gonna
but I'm not gonna be around I'm gonna
give you the money I'm gonna support it
I have a future ahead of me I have so
much going on and I don't have so much
for anyone well you're the mom the mom
that's what moms do
that's what that if the if the beta was
that the best leverage I gotta fucking
you know make a lot of mono it's come on
we just you kidding honestly first of
all you're here you have a modeling
career how are you gonna be a model when
you have a baby do you work out like you
work out you work out after I've seen it
a lot of times you know what maybe
maybe we should keep the baby I'm sorry
why do you say all these about you
though
no you're like I'm gonna have more like
it shouldn't be about that a child that
you can give all that yeah but like I'm
gonna hold a baby my Instagram pictures
gonna get oh my god it's so cute and is
gonna get like more thumbs up I'm sorry
that's just how I think I'm in cleaning
business every time you talk to me every
time I wake up I think homey business
and business only it's gonna be a boy or
girl
I literally just took a pregnancy test I
think you should know I'm throwing in
the trashcan because what the fuck I saw
you know what Leo Leo so you understand
how bad my chest hurts how did you let
that happen
I want to about the skimmer yes sir I
want to smash it so bad how did you let
that happen my chest hurts so freakin
badly I don't want to saw the camera my
Lily my heart way my asshole I can't
believe he got me like this and you you
let her in like this for me to be a
prank yeah yeah do you know what's gonna
happen both to both of you do you know
what's gonna happen
villains I didn't know I'm gonna be on
YouTube like this and when you put it on
the spot but let's give this video to a
hundred thousand likes and I'm gonna
stay I don't care right now how many
likes but I'll see you guys tomorrow
this rude idea
