nice pasta your favorite is a
gluten-free though I think I went to my
friend's house and slept on the floor I
got kicked out for no reason you know
whatever you see in the videos it's
entertainment I have a big hard in
person you can't judge me by my videos
and if you do judge me at least don't
let me check in there D knew who was
checking in they renew me all the staff
said they love my videos and everybody
so they knew who was checking in but
they woke me up in the middle of my nap
so that got me pissed off it was three
hours before New Year's so damn right I
sent all my pants oh hell no no way I
will never go back to what I'm thinking
away that I made it what's up villains
welcome to another vlog and I don't want
to start the blogging with this but I
gotta start with like this the hotel you
know that cheetah hotel but try to stay
with breathe yeah yeah yeah yeah so the
news channel called and now they're
gonna be on TV TV yeah the air the story
is airing on TV oh wow
dug their own grave I don't want to talk
about it anymore let's talk about
challenge accepted for those push-ups I
see a lot of them now it's time for me
to do those push-ups let's go
boom three four five
Oh
Ilia what's up bro what's up man can you
not touch your hair for what no I'm
kidding by the back we're gonna make
this the place pimped out alright guys
this is an arcade what should I do with
this arcade it's literally a cart that
buy a Ferrari card and you can set it up
into vibrate what should I do with it
father should give it away it's like
$8,000 oh so it's like $8,000 give away
no villains gonna have to watch these
logs and find out maybe in a week I'll
give it away but for now we need to flip
this place why don't we ask them what
should we do guys what should we do
should we hang this CD should I get a
new TV should i what should I do with
this couch do you guys like this couch
every time I tried to lay down and watch
TV or something this is what happens
look dude we need to make some nice
lights we need to hang all those
pictures all the posters on the way to
10 million subscribers right is that
little gold play button gonna go not the
gold diamond the diamond she robbing out
of this game for a while the Hat that's
what they think I should get him a Sox
chair for the house hold those knots in
my back I don't know but let's get to
stay started I hope you guys have an
amazing day go kill your goals whatever
your dreams are just go kill them make
sure you go to the gym today cuz I'm not
skipping a damn day make sure you stick
what you died do whatever you want to
make today a better day let's go alright
guys so we're on the way to the store
right now we were thinking you know BRE
got us a present she's not expecting
anything but it would be nice right I
forgot her present yeah but you think
we're gonna get her normal present what
are you gonna get it
hmmm they can keep watching the vlog and
find out it's gonna be fucking
ridiculous that's all I have to say oh
the license plate suggestions I read all
the comments and yesterday's vlog you
guys are freaking crazy
I ate asked to Atene all these things
you guys want me to put on my freakin uh
license plate are absolutely hilarious I
told you guys that you guys would be
creative so I'm gonna pick one winner
and I don't know I'm gonna send my box
with merge or something so if you guys
want to still comment on the previous
log where you guys that means they have
to go back because yeah it's on that
vlog y'all villains speaking of my merch
all the shipments went out yesterday
today and the day before yesterday so
sorry for delay it was hectic it was my
first lunch so I hope you guys
understand everyone's gonna get their
merch promised you and if you haven't
gotten your merchants never - I am the
link in the description below but we
about to release a full store that mean
socks shirts you guys sold out hat I'll
do all the hats are sold out all sold
out
yeah you guys love these villain hats
just wait until what we're working with
and we're already working on the spring
collection summer collection is gonna be
insane I told you guys villains are
taking over your guys are me about what
you guys did to that resort destroy it
just shows how powerful you guys are so
thank you so much for that it means so
much to me that you guys got my back
because I have your back I tried to
reply as many DMS as I can on Instagram
obviously I'm not a robot I'm kind of a
freakin machine but I will respond if I
get to your get to your fight didn't
maybe one day we'll cross paths I don't
know how to explain this but right now
we're picking up Tony and we're gonna go
get Priya present and also my Russian
friend you have me hot choc if you guys
know him the guy basically started
YouTube channel vlogging me one day he
was taking me around Moscow and he was
like vlog is X is this how you do it I'm
like yeah I left Moscow a year and a
half later he has 3 million subscribers
because it's like you just told me to do
it stick a camera in my video see I told
you guys whatever you guys want in life
it can happen he was just vlogging for
fun he has 3 million subscribers just
like 40 minute 40 minutes long once a
week yes like 1.5 to 2 million views so
we're gonna meet him later and we're
gonna have fun
he speaks English a little bit actually
he learned last time you didn't know any
but the guys were dope right you know
filter their vlogs is no Philip I'm like
you know what I'll save that for a
battalion sensor we should have a pre
sign-up link for ya and for some of you
guys know or don't know I should tell
them now that we're I mean they should
probably expect that right there thinkin
if it's gonna begin we're gonna charge
so funny because some away guess what
listen listen okay it's gonna be panties
okay it's not gonna be what you guys
think it's not gonna be frickin 20 $30 a
month subscription it's gonna be a few
bucks but you guys gonna get the four
dopest video a month ever I'm just
letting you guys know now and I know you
guys are gonna sign up if you guys buzz
my $75 hoodies three bucks or four bucks
is not gonna matter to you I'm just
warning you guys now nothing to be mad
about
I gotta make money because this YouTube
shared the monetization and just I don't
know I guess I gotta be freaking filming
dead bodies to be training bins oh my
god no but it's worth of other pranks
are like saying no The Brink's are
insane but I'm not speaking with Logan
about Logan I may be Logan but yo but I
can't believe Logan Paul freaking left
like Jake ball and he got that egg he
still went through it but you say he
didn't get that much yeah cuz his hay
was like Internet like you
this is like or like this is like nation
like everyone's talking about it I think
you know but like I can say right now if
I was Logan shoes I'd say fuck that fuck
that I still be uploading it Logan for a
life right some of you guys a lot of you
guys watch Logan's so but it's crazy but
he's gonna be fine
he's gonna be alright not a good way to
start 2018 I'll tell you that much
Tony just got in the car and she's
telling me this is your brother he's
like that's not for the vlog that's for
us we'll always be tight at the virgin
butthole oh my god haha I just saw this
it made me laugh this is your Christmas
card get it be a real man because real
man eat ass you know what somebody told
me for my license but you know how I
said I want to do custom light license
plate I eat ass that's not bad
so you know how this store we're going
to it has all these plucked up things I
want to go there and buy something
ridiculously breathe I don't want to buy
her a 20-inch dildo under no
compensation no I don't know it's just
like you know those funny underwear they
just funny shirt jokes something cute
what is cold
yeah I guess yeah I guess yeah oh yeah
okay yo man I'm doing right here what's
the video you were talking about oh did
the one where I had chump sucks yeah
first time I seen it I was like my
favorite youtuber he did that I got to
do it one day and follow his butt my
inspiration do it
stupid dollar but that yet what a pity I
wish it would suck either he's asking me
for free mergers like you can only buy a
villa promoting prison at the Java
talakad you sweetie you know catabolic
section do you understand what she's
about to get but hey I'm sweating here
fighting we just wicked innings are PR
you baby so much anything
receiver here just took super boosters
damn ass you keep it in the house like
every so I gotta talk with our cameras
and what the cameras do come off I'm
leaving alright guys we just left the
other mall and came to this one because
what we're looking for breathe they
didn't have it so are you about to get
it
whoa see see
got hit like a car on we just got to the
store and I'm gonna get her the most
weirdest crap ever like a rope like a
whip don't think I'm gonna use that
hell no well actually I don't know five
o'clock in the morning is five o'clock
in the morning oh my gosh the time I go
do you rock it either the readers glass
yet loser Gucci Gucci jacket yeah this
makes your eyes pop for real yeah what
if you did a prank with those Yoli I
can't wait to see her reaction except we
showed you only like - we got her like I
don't know what got her at the whole bag
we got her like nine items sorry Bree
but on the real note we got to get her a
real present I don't know what you get
here it's a girl like know what he she
probably has everything she has me
probably gonna go to Victoria's Secret
and give her like a gift card that's
yeah I'd still kind of like sexually
like perverted sighs oh yeah no no dude
this is still kind of like perverted or
whatever like no buying your super
purpose by buying her gifts are for
dirty secret I don't know what else
hears everything
but it's a gift comfort her for her
personal use don't get anything for me
is like I don't want nothing in return
for you agree ah man it's just so crazy
well the movie in the blog please draw
don't what so him but no it's really
amazing because you know you're such a
great person kiddo you're the first
person on YouTube that did a Lamborghini
friend yeah yeah everybody else you know
yeah
the man said it himself the man I didn't
have to say much yeah I'm 18 me too much
hi guys we just got to be curious secret
I'm gonna get her a lotion and a gift
card why you smirking funny guys it's
funny right
you got some are you like it's good
house good smells good it is a small
girl what do you mean episode you
calling her a man
yeah sorry Bri on the real no it's time
to get out of here we've been here for
two hours I'm getting her a lotion and a
gift card and we're out of here
so since your boys gonna be doing a lot
of cardio ultra boost ultra boost does
that mean what turbos are gonna make me
run faster it's like it so chirps no I
don't think that's how it works but they
definitely hope there's no button to do
Ultra no but still these are fresh yeah
there's a crash good time what happened
what happened dude dude I got nervous
man I got literally the breeze bands
were here got me excited I'm like dude
these fans were so dope and once I said
that I did that man see another another
human being would have been like I don't
work here I did that but now I'm
cleaning up because I have a hard people
why they were so far they have like a
zoom in lens do I get a discount on my
next purchase
yeah you're gonna be follow me mythology
et make sure you guys follow him
hi Billy just got through the gentleman
at the shoulders ABS a little bit of
cardio and then breeze coming over to my
wrap her president's stay tuned for the
fun part
okay villains just hit an amazing
workout what's that BAE oh so I get a
guy and I can't even talk I'm so tired I
got you a few presents are you ready for
them you have to close your eyes it's
gonna be a lot of little gifts but you
have to take out one by one they're cute
they're cute one by one one by one pasta
your favorite next next this looks
really fun oh it's edible too oh yeah
what do you think
are you sure lights these are you
cringing wait what I'm not into this
yeah this is just to be ridiculous now
this is just for a prank to tie you up
and never never just a prank it's a girl
version seriously I didn't really know
what to get you so I got you a little
gift card from Victoria's Secret and the
little lotion cousin
just like but this is all yours I don't
know what together that's the only thing
you see did you see the news clip yeah
no no I saw yeah guys if you guys didn't
know you guys destroyed Volker resort I
did an interview this morning and
actually one on the news on TV
roll it YouTube star strikes back after
he was kicked out of the Boca Raton
Resort and club it all went down on New
Year's Eve cuz me and my girlfriend is
taking the Tally's adora vests Key has
nearly 10 million YouTube subscribers
he's known for posting wild pranks
around the world Vitaly says he and his
girlfriend checked into the Boca Raton
Resort on New Year's Eve I understand if
I when there was my like camera crew and
stuff and my boys but I just when were
there with my girlfriend she children
and that's what happened but a few hours
later resort managers and police knocked
on his door and told them they had to
leave Vitaly urged its viewers to call
the hotel to complain the way they
treated them within hours and over the
next few days the Boca Raton Resort had
dropped to a 1.5 rating on Yelp people
are calling four days later in a
statement officials from the Boca Resort
said safety and security of our guests
club and team members are our number one
priority the club welcomed approximately
5,000 guests and members on New Year's
Eve to celebrate the holiday given the
heightened security measures in place
globally on New Year's Eve a guest who
was known to local police for previous
pranks that threatened Public Safety was
escorted from the property after online
posts were discovered about a potential
New Year's Eve prank Vitaly says he will
never return through this resort in Boca
Raton Ted white wPBF 25 News I love how
they tried to flip it on me if he was
planning to do a prank with New Year's
Eve no I wasn't do you see how they
ended it oh he was like planning to do
something big
let's do a thumbnail yeah by the way did
I mention and Leo actually set it off
camera we love your outfit today oh
thank you the first time you come
your breath yo those sweatpants I
sweated in them and guess what I'm not
even washing them I'm gonna swear with
them tomorrow put it on the side thank
you so much good good quality I love
those sweatpants and they go so good
with my new white shoes so thank you
thank you all right bill it's time for
bed but before bed how long I'm after
one more time did you really like the
gifts your parents gonna yell at me no
really
Hey all right guys thank you so much for
watching if you haven't subscribed yet
and became a villain make sure you
subscribed ones they were DICOM for your
marriage link in description but not for
real subscribe it's more important for
me right now because I'm rowing on 10mil
and focus but don't worry I'm not gonna
stop posting a lot of people call you're
gonna get 10 Billy gonna stop posting
shut up no I'm not alright guys thank
you so much for watching it's your life
your choice do whatever the fuck you
want don't forget about your push-ups
she had forgot mine I'm gonna do it
right now but yo yeah see you guys
tomorrow the Sudan
