these guys literally pulled over over
there Wooden's guys would we started the
blog fresh we're back in LA
guys we're doing a to a hundred push-up
challenge a day it's not a Ford the
transformation well it is for my
transformation and for ours but start
doing 200 push-ups today is gonna change
everything because I was like I think
you know what I have a nice chest you
know have a nice shape it's getting a
little soft I was like what if we did
200 push-ups a day so we're gonna do
white push-ups hundred of those I've
been close then put your triceps 100 of
those so 200 a day if you think I'm
gonna be lying to you I'm gonna be lying
to myself
so same for you guys do it with me who a
sepsis challenge coming below 200
push-ups a day let's do it for one month
and see and then talk about each other
results guys so right now I'm starting
mine and you don't have to do a hundred
like I'm gonna break it out into
probably 50 50 50 50
so starting now
the one we did would be three three four
I think because I'm including mine oh
fuck oh yeah oh yeah I'm gonna have the
nice chest in that lay all the girls
give me a goddamn your breasts look
bigger than mine I know I know I know I
just wanna have a nice chest guys that
might just can get a little more
development it's a maybe for some it's a
homo talk or what but we are we
connecting 2018 s it's all about James
it's all about getting filthy rich
becoming who you want to become and I'm
bringing you on this journey with me
because you guys motivate me every day
let's start - fuck it - oh my god I'm
sick and tired of people driving you
come one in my own car seriously I know
you're dusty as fuck no scratches you're
still good no I didn't leave you I did I
didn't cheat on you I know I drove my
friend's car BMW broke down oh you wish
the bad upon it all right
swear to God my White Russian I will
never betray you ever again my crazy
that I'm talking to a car no not that
crazy
I mean it's talking to me back I can
hear the voices yeah I think we're
our villains we just probably got to the
biggest camera store in LA but the
smallest elevator in LA
oh my god I got anxiety here we need few
batteries when you block cameras we need
few GoPro stuff we need a few things
guys think this is a joke this is like
adult this is like my playground it's
like they're ready looking there to look
at hi villains so we just got this canon
g7x cuz this camera this huge as a 72 or
whatever whatever it's called you can't
bring it into places sometimes we have
to sneak in cameras so but this one this
is like my seventh one $700 but we need
it we're broken in Miami the land stops
coming out on those I don't know what's
happening but I got a warranty so if we
do break it in the middle of filming it
we get a free one so that's good we got
more stuff but it's not important it's
just accessories but I also got my
license plate for the car and I'm not
gonna show you because you can see it
yeah yeah what do you think I should
customize my plate to be there's in LA I
mean in every country I don't know if
it's in every country but I can
literally type in whatever I want if
it's not taken you like a villain but I
think the loans are you take it but
depends the way I spell it I don't know
or be like I might sense as a Jew I can
be like I'm a G I don't know what do you
guys think I don't know you cuz I know
you guys are so creative leave comments
below what I should do my license plate
on this thing you can only do let me see
how many numbers or letters 1 2 3 4 or 5
6 7 7 so with seven numbers letters what
can you come up with be creative let's
see
it's a bro big fan what's the last video
you seen are you
girls for the threesome of the beach
okay okay that was like two videos ago
better tag um that I for sure dude oh
yeah thanks so much
hi villains I always get my mani-pedi I
tried to do once a week but I'm just
letting you guys know when girls look
for they look how you take care of
yourself so they're gonna look at your
nails and see if you take care of your
nails caught them or take the dirt hour
or whatever so villains make sure your
nails that nicely cleanly cut you can do
it yourself but you can go to one of
these Asian places that do it no there's
no happy endings my nails are gonna be
on fleek now look at this I think this
is a joke as I'm getting pampered right
now getting a massage getting my nails
done cooking my toes feeling so relaxed
life is good are you enjoying that bra
yeah I'm loving it do you understand how
serious I got with my game died now
since I got back I know you're so strict
on your diet but you know I don't dude
that's like literally a tease for me why
do you have to do it in front oh you
think this is a teaser she was another
part of the bag are you sure you got
some cookies in there all types of
goodies are you serious no I'm more in
the serious
damn bro what do these guys want these
guys literally pulled over over there if
you see him guys right that's these guys
right there and then they backed up
their car and started screaming and hey
hey so I just strolled them on the
release I'll put the seat back and why
did I just get out if they want to
picture something they just walk over
why'd it have to block the traffic I'm
gonna play with them if they want to
play with me god they have the surprise
smells good dude stop what are you doing
I need the games show me what's in
another box
oh my show them show me and they're
fresh no oh my gosh did you my stomach
just started growling
it's okay villains I'm gonna be strong
dude stop stop yeah brain nah I'm not
gonna lie I messed around in Miami paid
the fucking price I'm not gonna lie mess
around on the mess around in mind I'm
gonna lie miss the run in Miami the but
now I'm not gonna lie mess around in
Miami but now I'm not gonna lie mr.
Brown in Miami but now I'm not gonna lie
I've messed around in my area but now
but ya know I played in Miami with him
right now I'm gonna pay the price and
eat a healthy fight or they said it sure
will leave all the steaks in yeah yeah
it's just to see how long to make the
vlog do this got a pretty scary I
wouldn't be surprising just to cut it
going to shop me really yeah dude
close the box of those cookies bro that
was my boy the whole time what's up bro
what's up what's up oh shit that's a big
eyes drug we're gonna live this week see
it it's a good trainer right here we're
gonna live this week motivation my man
was good except I ate like shit new
year's new me right new year new means
shut up with that shit shut up
so we just got back to the apartment hi
Gina here
who invited you listen look look this is
this is what I'm gonna be eating for the
next 30 days I don't know for how long
but my transformation video you can't
assume but look at this like look like I
should even eat these yams that I told
myself no carbs even though they yeah
but like you need something yeah not
like no these are good carbs but no
carbs like this is just like depleting
diets called depletion yeah it's a new
our diet starts tomorrow but it's
actually starting today and it's nothing
worse in the queue cool man I forgot to
wash why'd you come here with a bag you
moving in
when this it surprises presence for what
for a few idiots wow you got us
Christmas present
yeah I'm gonna get roasted right now
like I need to call my cell phone I
didn't get you anything
oh I don't care really no oh my god yes
to my soulmate King and chocolate lover
I'm thankful that we found each other I
can't wait to see where this crazy
journey takes us ex OH ex OH breathe
Teresa alright so this for me yeah oh
shit oh shit oh shit
oh my god oh my god wait so you have to
read this okay yes oh these are cool
thank you you're welcome and then oh you
don't need them stop it's a little it's
a little angel don't so this one is the
bloodstone so when I saw this at the
store it remind me of him because it's
for strength courage and then kind of
your name vitality say thank you oh why
cuz you tired of seeing me in my black
shirt ain't another black shirt because
I didn't I know you only wear black it's
kind of thank you very much
oh shit damn whoa this is like workout
pants I needed workout pants thank you
thank you thank you from the bottom of
my heart I need
oh wow thank you so nervous
yeah this is awesome wow that's super
thank you so much
oh that's cute thank you this is a good
thumbnail didn't cover these they'll
help you oh my god this is in the camera
case she's like we should buy ready
thumbnail guys's as dumb as I was do it
three two one they we've got our Bob
Dale guys how are you doing over here
hey what do you think of this anonymous
I think he should do more I think he's
doing 500 why I think they want to see
what you showed me before the camera
what
what the hell it's a bridge it consumed
me oh my god don't do that do this with
five villains some of you guys know me
and Bree tried to spend the New Year's
Eve in a book a resort one of the best
hotels and they kicked us out for no
reason the cops broke in and you guys
left them the crazies reviews ever on
Yelp that went down through to one half
star on Google two one and a half star I
want you to start reading this comment
so basically what happened is me and
Bree were sleeping taking a nap and a
manager didn't like me you don't like my
videos or something personal I don't
know broke into the room the cops you
got to leave you could have just talked
to me and asked me nicely to leave not
with the cops and everything whatever
discrimination we check them in an hour
in the hotel we got kicked out so this
is the villains these are some of your
comments he's gonna scroll through worst
hotel I've ever seen that came here for
New Year's party not only did they
double-booked my room they then ungraded
me to a penthouse suite we got our key
went up to our room
and guess what there was already a
couple in the room they were half naked
when we opened the door how embarrassing
of a situation they put us in we finally
get it sorted out and there's one more
problem of course we find this weed pipe
under the bed this place is gross
unprofessional and by far the worst
hotel I've ever stayed on is that even a
wee thing it looks like a crack it's a
crack pipe the tube the chiller crack
but the manager has come they kicked my
artistic software hating on his YouTube
videos my son Vinny is now set he didn't
get to have fun this hotel is haunted my
Tom and Jerry underwear we're flying
throughout the whole night
bad service management socks Jason raped
my girlfriend installed my wallet never
going here again poor service racism
judgmental kick you out for no reason
calm all over my bedsheets room smells
like ass but don't waste your money go
to another hotel very bad experience
we're now getting divorced
commence thing you guys want fully
Savage and you know why that's deserve
it
your guys are me our villain our me is
insane
I didn't expect that you guys left like
3,000 comments and actually I can't go
on the second or third page because you
guys blot they block this
the message they're saying active
cleanup alert yeah for what for you guys
there shit now they like one and a half
stars the comments were pretty funny
no Rena read the last one everyone was
fine aside from waking up with a little
bite marks on my legs and torso I read
other comments about bedbugs being in
some of the rooms unfortunately after I
read this I stayed there New Year's Day
was spent scratching and I'll probably
hate to watch out for bedbugs in my own
home now I will never go there again
they need new management and to have
their cleaners check for this type of
stuff this is truly ridiculous and
somebody left the picture savage mode
and the manager name is John scorns
Gardens scarves yeah if you're watching
this hi this is what you did you're in a
hotel I hoped you got fired and honestly
my lawyers are talking with me right now
because this was ridiculous what you do
you guys heard is not the first time you
guys do this so whatever longer story
sure you're not a subject of my life
anymore book or resort go fuck yourself
but another no we're just gonna chill
watch a movie thank you guys so much for
watching
your life your choice do that's a cute
way yeah do whatever the fuck you want
to do tomorrow making more gains
tomorrow crazy vlog if you haven't
subscribed at make sure you subscribe
villains never die calm to get your
merch link in description and I'll see
you guys tomorrow the Sudan
