dear Logan Paul the day has finally
arrived
we're getting out of here we just got
look at this weather guys we left on the
perfect day and we're all going together
as a family
what's up Leo are you and yo imagine we
get on the airlines and they're gonna be
like you can't fly but I'm like yo yo we
just saw Cameron Dallas and Taylor can
if you look they're in Lyon but anyways
we're super excited to get out of here
because this is what I don't miss
Florida because of the of the rain and
it's probably an arranged for a week I
don't know did you have a good time yeah
our bring that we did I wish we had time
to do more but it's alright LA we're
coming for you and then we're going
overseas for that big stunt in the next
month or two
good shot I see you guys in the leg what
are you having you back there
well actually guys I'm sorry to tell you
this now but I set you up I'll put
something in your bag that's a very
legal why would you like to talk to
Seoul but that wouldn't make any sense
because you would be in the girl jail
have you ever been to jail but you were
ready to to go with me that time when
when I first went you cool story I want
to see what you might be a sex story
that's about it
candy
so good guys you won't believe what they
found in her bag oh my
and they came a large what the hell you
guys won't believe what they found in
her bag and then they did that little
spiky thing and they skinned this
through and it became a large oh my they
came out positive too
they've been there for a year I don't
know you know why you should eat one I
know I'm going to eat enough he said it
came out who tested it and it was like I
don't know what yeah positive
fucking probably has STDs we got some
bad news guys
the owner of jelly just says we have to
leave the flight it's like man I don't
like your video and we know you prank
your life your choice 60 seconds so we
know you got something in the bag not
about all jokes aside we are out of here
finally it's raining yo I have you seen
that logan paul thing have I seen it
yeah it's all over the Internet Logan
Paul is my boy but um I don't know I
don't know how to explain this situation
I think he's getting too much more hate
than she should've but maybe I've been
wrong I feel like I would have got away
with it or not wouldn't I don't think I
would ever filmed a dead body and just
blurred the face I would like a photo
black screen over it maybe I don't know
I don't know I didn't see the thing I
didn't see the clickbait I didn't see
anything but Logan you're got this
you're strong it's gonna last probably
two three days and everyone's gonna
forget about it like every other drama
on YouTube so don't worry brother love
you all right guys we're about to board
the flight we'll see you when we land
and we're joining in my life the other
girls of the Masters discovery
like she's like oh my god here at
JetBlue Airways we thank you for joining
us today really thank you for joining us
today
I want to flag that would be soon for
those of you who do could call the Los
Angeles area home we'd like to be first
to welcome you at home today and to
everyone I've learned I'm very happy
2018 New Year to you all right guys we
just landed in LA never felt so good
about to be home my bed we're gonna go
eat we're about to see Tony we're about
to film tomorrow it just feels good to
be back home really feels good I feel
like all this trip we've been doing is
just freaking pushing these bags around
from one hotel to other to getting
kicked out from stress - I don't know -
false those pranks that I wanted to do
before you guys I'm just gonna do them
in LA with it some Beach pranks for you
guys you guys saw some booty you guys
some awesome reactions about we're gonna
do these pranks here I got a focus on
battalion sensor because that's gonna
come out any day now and just a lot to
do and the transformation videos coming
out so but in the meanwhile I don't know
just how hi guys dear Logan Paul I don't
know where to start with this but what I
said at the airport kind of take these
words a little back because I watched
some of the videos okay let's put it
this way he was in the moment for sure
in the moment but when he uploaded that
video he should have been much smarter
his manager is freaking awesome I don't
know how his manager approved that or
because they got tons of views already
but long story short I don't want to be
involved with this but the whole YouTube
community involved involved in this I
was gonna go to that forest and log
there - I don't know what I would have
done if I came across that that body I
would definitely wouldn't probably
logged in and if I did log it I would
probably blurred the whole thing and I
don't know I saw him smirking and
smiling and probably like making a joke
but he's a good logging daily life he
wasn't definitely in the moment he
didn't know how soft YouTube is because
I definitely know from my videos and he
has five six year old fans following him
I don't think I have that many of those
fans I have h my main demographic
is 18 to 24 so maybe my audience what I
handled it differently but he's such a
smart guy humane an apology video I
think you should definitely be forgiving
because he made a mistake once in his
career that's his first mistake she's
definitely should be forgiven
Logan you stay strong you're good I mean
suicide is not a joke but I feel like he
was in the moment it was just like he
walked in Susa forest he saw that I
think it was a kind of messed up that
he's dead as a clickbait for his video a
dead body actually hanging I feel like
if I would have done but now I can just
say I FIFA I wrote it down I would have
done I would have done I would have done
I don't know what I would have done I
would be in the moment like him maybe
like fuck yeah let's get some views
quick babe boom boom boom boom oh yeah
so I saw the video he likes Merck and
whatever and people are taking it too
hard it's all over the news and stuff so
long stay strong I made mistakes before
got it over it everybody makes mistakes
and you've made an apology video but you
can see it's purely out of your heart I
forgive you and I never really had
nothing against you on you for five
years your dope ass guy just stay strong
and just keep moving forward in your
career and I wish you all the best in
other news in other news what's up with
YouTube trending that video number one
on YouTube YouTube you gave me career I
should be nice and thankful but what the
fuck YouTube seriously this is why I
can't wait for Vitaly uncensored what
are you doing there's so many videos
that are I did PG that you guys are
censoring it and reviewed it by manually
and still censor them but you put a dead
body training number one
the fuck seriously I think 2018 you guys
need a drill in your fucking brain and
start monetizing everyone's content okay
because a lot of creators are leaving
the platforms they're making their own
platforms and I don't like to be
involved in any drama
but that's your training on number one
while every other creator is working
fucking so hard to be at least training
once in their lifetime you know I train
it on YouTube many many many many times
sounds like yeah it's look it's whatever
been there done that but it would be
cool to do it again sure but a lot of
creators never experienced that so I
think you should give them a chance guys
but honestly YouTube needs to get their
shit together
villains what do you think Italian
censors coming out soon that's where
we're gonna see everything you guys ever
wanted and YouTube is not going to take
you down because they're not gonna have
any control of it
in other news let's do the outro guys
we're back in LA thank you so much for
watching this video I didn't want to be
involved in this but seriously guys
thank you for all the love 2018 is our
year we're gonna take over where you're
no way yes I took a break but I'm back
bitches prepare prepare for demolition
in this freaking year watch your life
your choice do whatever the fuck you
want in this life and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
does he done
