oh yeah you don't ever walk to the
kitchen
thank you guys what's up villains
welcome to another vlog oh my god what
you guys did yesterday took the bulk of
Resort let's talk a little bit about a
damn Bri you look hot
it's Happy New Year New Year's in 59
minutes yes sir I want to Boca Resort
guys if you don't know it's one of the
best hotels in Boca we went there and we
were taking a nap me and bring in the
first hour we got kicked out because
apparently the managers didn't like my
videos you guys destroy their Yelp
reviews their Google reviews you call
them so many times that I actually got
through the line and the lady's like
welcome to blogger resort how can I help
you like she said that probably 100
times in like less than a minute so
thank you guys for that don't ever mess
with the valence you guys are the best
and if you haven't subscribed and became
a villain make sure you subscribe right
now and it's like a 59 for New Year's
and was my best friends in South Florida
we're chillin with my hand up in Miami I
don't know tonight I'm gonna drink I'm
not gonna lie you're gonna see drunk
Vitaly no regrets starting use fresh
let's fuck it I get it like this is
pretty lit for New Year's the restaurant
where he used to work you know it's the
best thing about this place
it's like I can still act like I own
oh no I see you I see you guys if you
don't know all I drink is iced tea extra
lemon I'm not being rude putting my
fingers then take care guys I own the
place
I got 1% of this is it tell them how
much I like iced tea bro guys do you
understand this guy drinks like 10 I see
season around like it's like one another
another knows how are you oh yeah you
don't able to walk through the kitchen
this work-wise thank you guys oh how
many memories in here
really my friend stop guys look at that
moustache
you're my baby for life you know that
who are the elders of Geiger's there's a
lot of new people but the old one thing
a lot of people think the face up video
what are you laughing I'm saying like
we're gonna definitely crazy together
again those YouTube views dog I'm
telling you you have changed but you
guys are talking about battalion sensor
it's about to be released
sorry Bri I'm really sorry really sorry
I shot it too two and a half years ago
I've been sitting on it but once they
release it it's gonna be new content so
it's gonna be insane it's gonna be
awesome I can't wait
this few years is gonna be crazy 2018
villains we're taking over I'm talking
about we're taking over the whole
YouTube like I know you do this like old
now like a pioneer of you do and you're
not I'll take over as when sighs you
know I found a passion again for like I
told you guys I found the passion again
yeah the stunts we're doing this year
but all that starts oh they're not even
ready for it
we're not just hyping it up right now
this is gonna be our year good I'm glad
I managed to think you know
and we are gonna take over and it's
gonna be pretty insane I think you guys
are being from beginning with me thank
you for everything thanks for all your
support
2018 here we come what time is it
11:15 45 minutes I'm gonna be seeing
double I'm gonna be yeah I'm gonna be
see you I don't know how she does it
always healthy always I'll see you
tomorrow it really all started but it's
always excuse I feel like when people
make new year's resolutions they just
excuse it just gotta stay consistent and
you just got to do you you don't have to
wait till New Year's
right now I'm enjoying my you last few
days in Florida before we get with that
freaking LA diet right ah villains it's
like 10 minutes before New Year's and
your boy has to go to the office and get
a bottle and apple juice it doesn't go
together by your boy I want to see two
of the cameras and I thought
oh my god that happened so quick
it's 2018 Happy New Year guys I wish you
everything best in life whatever your
dreams were gonna come they're gonna
come true this year just believe in them
stay consistent
I hope your new year's is full of joy
happiness I hope you have the best year
of your life because it doesn't 18 is
going to be the best year of my life and
I'm gonna make that happen with
confidence believing in myself helped
all your wishes come true from whatever
you inspired by from whatever you want
to do Cheers
sorry about yo you know who wants to
shut the most not me this baby hey you
got one coming in eight and a half
months I don't know what you're talking
about fuck yo yo yo guys we're about to
leave Mizner Park
we're gonna go to Delray Beach have you
drinks before we head to Miami but you
know who's bringing us up you know who
is picking us up the most latest uber in
the world yeah Lee it was ranked as the
most little uber in the world yeah it's
about to pull up here in five minutes I
met this guy maybe like five years ago
when I first started making my videos
and EDM he's like bro look at my
business now and I looked at his
business
and I say come pick us up what's up bro
follow me mythology et we bleeping that
I'm putting my name over it this guy
wants to talk about gold bottom goal
what is it about it's about the movie
you make in the direction that brings
about everyone else fuckin upside man
that was an inspiration outside yo yo yo
yo I think just pulling up fuck my
that's my version I guys
I came all the way to Miami for my boy
Wow
I'm like yo you don't care about cloud
she's like what do you mean I'm too late
for the car they passed by they didn't
do anything bro okay the most latest
uber in the world
what's your snapchat so who burned me
VIP that's right and we got you for the
whole night okay real talk right now
we're talking to a lot of villains right
now how is this legal what you're doing
blown the lights distract people have
you ever been pulled over for your
fucking shit show yo let me ask you
something how come you never got pulled
over with your shit show who did you
drive before it maybe the people right
in G easy flow rider Justin Bieber
Selena Gomez the Kardashians are we
gonna meet up with Jez tonight yes we
are do you think got me five times
randomly on uber and we're like he's
like bro that's not weird because Jeezy
license he's dating him and you have to
cock buck everybody not brawl for real
we had it to 11 for Jeezy tonight yes
you have those little super yeah guys
let me show you go follow him it's all
your fire fight I'm gonna invest in me
we're gonna lock these all around the
world
you're home safe bro yes thank you
stay true tomorrow we got more make sure
you guys follow you guys already know
the only way to roll your the shed bro
oh my god what an epic night there how's
that hangover Lia myung over my name is
fine what about you I don't have a
hangover I feel great but you know
what's better that we're going home at
the perfect time cuz this weather sucks
now it's not flirting I'm finally with
the rain for the first time in the week
and you know what's happening to that
hotel dude what's happening the Yelp
shut down their reviews and then South
Florida articles news calling me they
want to interview me for that oh sorry
Boca Resort you could have solved it
much better but seriously guys thank you
so much for watching happy new year once
again we're going back to our lake
because we're releasing vigilant sensor
my fifth program and I can't wait to get
back home on the routine because these
gains are getting smaller so I'll see
you guys two more your life your choice
thank you so much for watching do
whatever the fuck you want well that
matters you definitely did whatever the
fuck you want it and you pay the price
so make sure you choose wisely love you
let's sit down
