what's up villains welcome to another
video and if you're wondering yeah
Batali why are you filming in on your
iPhone and stuff I'll tell you what
happened this is after the incident what
happened
I was thinking Miami for the whole week
shooting pranks for you guys it's three
hours before New Year's three hours and
me and Bri checked in the hotel we're
taking a nap before New Year's because
we're now it's gonna be a long night
Happy New Year guys by the way and the
manager of the hotel I was checking in
at Boca resorts one of the best hotels
in Boca supposedly that's what I said
now it's the shittiest place you guys
are about to find out why they come up
to me and they're like yo you come here
to do pranks in the hotel like what are
you talking about him checking in i
don't even have a camera back cuz Leo
had my camera bag well Paul and then
he's like I'm like no I'm not doing
anything we go to the room taking a nap
the phone rings I'm like ah probably
gonna ask something stupid I'm not gonna
answer two minutes later we get a knock
from the manager he's like hey man my
boss wants to talk to you make sure
you're not gonna do any videos we're
really scared something's gonna happen
right now I'm like dude fuck off I'm
taking a nap
close the door and then she and then two
hours later not two hours later like
maybe 45 minutes later the manager and
the cops break in into the room while
we're sleeping while the girl is naked
and they say we're not leaving the room
we want to see you get dressed in front
of us and you got so pissed well no you
have every reason anyways guys let's
roll the video this is what happened
yeah for a while just cuz me and my
girlfriend is taking up to that we're
just here to make sure they
I'm getting refunded Volker Resort
discrimination 9 million people are
gonna see this and I hope you guys gonna
call them and make the worst harassment
over their lifetime
no we're movie yep
what these managers names wires hotel in
the world speaking guys call I'm not
what are you turning around what I'm
thinking over told my girlfriend
vacation and you're doing this yeah
posted a prank with winger yeah what's
up I'm talking I'm cooperating I'm gonna
leave yeah I'm just mine fucked what's
going on right now she's just pretty
freaking crazy that I literally came to
the hotel to stay and op talk how nice
this hotel is and you guys just came and
discriminated me I leave um one more
word with them two minutes yeah oh yeah
the main manager left because he can't
handle it this is gonna go on log let's
say y'all villains called Boco Resort
I'll let him know how much of the shed
they are you guys are dope it was this
fucking nuts
yeah dude dug their own grave villains
I need your army with Lily you know
we're literally in the hotel
dug their own grave
a fuel bath for gas and coal workers
what's about to happen to your hotel
you're sorry you're a Yelp reviews
everything
what happened all right that's cool
that's cool
I'm glad yeah New Year's Eve three hours
before New Year's Eve I'm glad that my
pranks the feather you guys I understand
if I came with a camera crew with my
boys I came with my girlfriend on
vacation and you guys did that so dug
your own grave man I feel bad - I'd turn
up your phones in one hour this video is
gonna be on YouTube on my main channel
sorry everyone you're gonna have the
worst new year probably be like them
not you you're innocent coworkers so you
guys wanted to see her naked doing let
us close the door good so good I'm happy
so if you return here you know that Oh
on my return
I'm not returning to this shitty-ass
place oh this is crazy this is so funny
what's up guys we're enough for no
reason because they don't like my videos
that's what you said
haha that's funny
oh my god that's hilarious I like you
crazy that is fucking crazy
yeah I'm literally getting kicked out of
this hotel because the managers say he
doesn't like my videos yeah you're on my
blog oh I don't care I got my place out
there but yo
I'm not to be cutting the guys this this
is gonna be the whole vlog I'm not even
counting one one part just raw yeah
one hour inside of the hotel this I
don't know side all right all these
beautiful phones will ring today hope
you guys got enough people to answer
them all and they asked for the that's
for the police like I'm a violent person
he could've just came up to me and told
me
and waste your time this is awesome I'm
so excited for this drama right now you
guys are gonna explode oh I get high for
this type of stuff
Kim Star everybody make sure you guys
pick this up this is gonna be insane
swear my mother's life literally checked
in with my girlfriend here an hour later
they came is like we asking you to leave
we don't want you to be here your guests
that was a real definition of a hater a
real definition of a freakin hater
I'm so mine fucked right now but all
right
whatever you guys know this Boca Resort
the famous hotel that Bing Tower you
guys can't see the collar this is what
you guys gonna be calling right now so
it's a pretty popular hotel in Boca
should be one of the best but those were
you gonna come in
our into our stay sleeping phones
ringing we need to talk to you
knocking later later
this is fucking my my blow it right out
it's all guys know about the situation
yep so that was a real definition of a
hater you know it's okay I guess
I don't know what do you think Paul
could have been worried those didn't do
anything I didn't vlog I literally was
gonna talk nicely about the place like
vlog they have nice restaurants and
stuff so I was villains you know what
villains their phone number in the
description their Yelp reviews in the
description destroy them for me destroy
I want you guys to call them and destroy
them thank you so much for watching this
video I'll see you guys tomorrow
dust be done in and thumbs up the video
if you're on my side love you
