what's up guys welcome to another video
today with savage Miami I'm gonna ask
people if they won't have a threesome
with us this is gonna be interesting
yeah I don't know my girl's a freak she
likes black guys gonna have a threesome
tonight
yeah for sure I think she's asking for I
can't feel her inner peace I can't
flirting their peace I don't got that
one I don't do that dolphin noise yeah
she's a she's a freak and she likes the
mandingo you know for sure dude still
see knocking just watchin jerk off in
the corner you think I'm gonna get hard
a girl phone what's have a threesome
with us you don't just kind of wait are
you lesbian goodbye we can get to know
each other and read a book I've never
got tested before yeah oh my god look
look look look look look look looking
film this show uh seven three some of
you was so funny about it
I love it how are you guys we're great
she just saw you guys fucking making
love and she's like we wanted you guys
go I'm pretty full at it show us again
don't be kissing if you love him kiss
though my baby I told you I'm gay I want
to kiss don't have a three-way kiss this
is getting really weird I gotta go peace
out don't stuff it to be somebody
tonight yeah huh yeah what do you think
cool we can play and then they can play
I don't know you can guys just eat each
other pussy I can't
my girlfriend want to have a threesome
with you and me you down yeah you want
to watch your hotel room we'll see you
at 7:00 p.m.
starlight Hotel style avatar I will see
you at 7:00 p.m.
Hana starlight Hotel on us I'll tell
them in the front you guys don't have it
to be sum2 foursome tonight you guys
before summer
yeah she's right you don't have a
foursome I'll fuck you he'll fuck my
girlfriend you guys down
take a good look I think she's really
hot and my girl want some some you know
black cock yeah yeah she wants to give
gaped doesn't she told me in Vitelli
yeah so when you go when you go down on
her I'm gonna be sucking his cock okay
what about your boy why can you do that
you're gay shit bend over your we can do
it right here right now come on come on
bro right now in front of all the people
take your pants off let's go she's ready
bro come on stop on this bed we go
full-on right now I'll give you a run my
girl wants to fuck one of you ok bye
yeah I know but we can having a little
Virgie for some she's a freak
why do you like her tis you never did
that before
life is short you know it's ending in
2018 we're gonna get huge freakin global
warming and it's gonna be done and then
you're gonna regret it just saying you
wanna have a threesome I really want a
daddy no she was she wants a GILF yeah
nah don't worry I got unlimited viagra
are you good why probably what's the
possibility like just I want your I
wouldn't your opinion just tell me where
you're not that freaky we can get freaky
I can teach you things you never seen
before
well how about this I just leave the
room you know you hooked up with a girl
before we all know so it's a good really
so you're a pretty princess that's kind
of hot that's that's awesome girl has a
serious question for you guys
she wants she wants their life force
we're not no that's cool so he doesn't
do it for you there it sighs my group my
girl from wants to get blacked she wants
to show us seven threesome with one of
you guys tonight you guys cool with that
shot we're swingers yeah you guys all
down have fun he wants to have a
threesome with him ah she has a
threesome with him come on baby
you guys don't the nasties orgy of your
lifetime with us yeah yeah we so I'm
totally serious yeah yeah Wow hell yeah
I love you to break all right guys thank
you so much watching this video make
sure you hit that thumbs up button if
you haven't and also subscribe because
we upload every day but on the real
known who we having threesome with lady
that gave us her hotel number duh
lasagna
