they've been wandering for the longest
time who would the marshmallow is I
think it's time I can't believe he's
letting me do this
what's up villains welcome to another
video I'm sorry about yesterday there
was no video I'm so sorry I don't want
to give you any excuses I just couldn't
make it but today we got a special log
and a special guest yeah Leo I have you
heard of this uh this guy he plays music
and he's like you took a look he looks
with white with the mask I want like a
marshmallow much fun do like marshmallow
marshmallow marshmallow we're gonna go
see our boy marshmallow and Paul
remember the first time oh my goodness
yeah it's gonna be awesome
I've been to his sets maybe I don't know
like seven or eight times it's amazing
every time it gets better I just cannot
wait I'm bringing Leo Lee are you ready
I don't I don't bro villains five
villains we have a long night ahead of
us and you're coming with let's go
alright guys if you're wondering who
brings the outfits and stuff I keep it
in my closet brought this from
marshmallow brand new helmet I made it
for him this should be my skydiving
helmet Villas you've been wandering for
the longest time who would the
marshmallow is I think it's time I can't
believe he's letting me do this
I got you guys freaking operation
where's our fan aside
I want to take you above the fire and
have you spin and make a chocolate
fondue out of you
a small chuckle if I do this more I'm
rushing guys nights gonna be late I
don't know what else to say it's gonna
be crazy which is that's a signature
dance move yeah that's the that's the
hands mm-hmm yeah no question told what
we're gonna go Marshall is a super nice
guy have you ever seen marshmallow
yeah he's the sexiest man alive yes he's
so hot guys what you think is a top song
for marshmallow personally mine is their
collab with Selena Gomez and alone alone
is free lid I love that song she
listened to some of the wait so funny
when I have enough marshmallows around
yeah I just want to eat him I'm gonna
throw them into a ball but it's crazy
that we had to do story
I seen marshmallow what we've been what
six shows six shows that's crazy six
shows I feel I feel spoiled
bro I want to be a DJ man such a cool
life just traveling the world PJ's all
the time if you guys don't know what the
PGA is it's a private jet like he
literally opted the show
he has another flight in three hours to
go to Las Vegas Dubai New York
California Miami what a cool job right
whoa so tonight we're gonna take this
money
you see these money all these singles
that I got and we're gonna throw it into
the crowd I'm gonna be that guy with
marshmallow it's not really douchey if
you stay is gonna be new sheet so you're
a good guy but if you think it's normal
then you're a douche I don't think it's
normal so I'm gonna do it so I'm not a
dude make sense leo it's gonna be a
great night tonight is good gig you got
a feeling hi guys see you at the show
let's go
yeah I told you guys inside the wall
last time beat al Ezz to me about that
I'm punch it up did you
is that what really I wrote I fucked
shit up did you Batali's ETV oh wow it's
kind of cringy now looking back at this
I got to rewrite something cooler than
that right put some chocolate on yeah
but for real guys that brings you before
but um now I'm gonna review better than
your mouth no there Matt I can't do it
I'm gonna spoil the fun for me to know
for you to wonder
the best Nile
young baby you killed I said you did it
so good
oh we finally got back to the apartment
oh my god I was losing my voice dude I
finally I sobered up am I gonna lie it
was a lot of fun it was amazing you
watch the blog Thank You marshmallow
thanks for inviting us a great show I
can't believe I'm a tiger that's crazy
that was crazy you're like totally like
random like randomly this show was
incredible
do you want to be a DJ bro oh you may
use the bar when you're gonna be a DJ
alright we'll make music for him turn
them into a famous teacher we look at
this view guys we're Miami New Year's is
around the corner
hope you guys enjoying your holidays you
or you know what I'm gonna say right
they're like their choice right they
decide like your choice do whatever whoo
whatever you want yeah thank you guys so
much watching this video I'll see you
guys tomorrow
oh oh that's scary I guess that I'll
figure out two more this ignited
