not really we need to go to fucking cook
we're going to Columbia
what's up villains welcome to another
video today I'm in Deerfield Beach where
it's all started and I just got some
fucking crazy guy jumping off of me but
this is where it's all started this is
where all started dude this is crazy man
it's changed a lot right yeah it's sad
dude I'm like crying man I came here and
I started crying I look you do a gainer
can I challenge you to do a gainer off
of it you don't want to end up on failed
it anyway you serious you got to do a
gainer right oh shit I don't know you
guys I just came to do some beach I
wanted to bring some people right now
but I can't break anybody because
there's a lot of girls there's a lot of
seventeen-year-olds for you bro there's
whoa obviously I can there's a lot of
high school people so we didn't go to
Miami we've decided to take a break from
Miami because we're looking for a
dope-ass place if this video gets you
know what I'm gonna do it easy on you
this video gets 30,000 likes I'm gonna
go to the end of that pier faint jump
off of it I'm gonna do a gainer off that
beer if this video gets 30,000 likes
let's see this guy
all right
yeah hey he definitely didn't disappoint
the villains man that was awesome but I
wish I can do that but it will break my
neck man nice meeting you bro didn't
mean you might have a good one who'd you
go wash your videos bro what's your
favorite which is my villains I know I
brought you guys here again but I wanted
to do a prank today where I started
everything and just a lot of young
people and I gotta go back to South
Beach I went to the gym this morning by
the time we got on the road it was - it
was our fault
but our mics didn't work our wireless
microphone didn't work without is gonna
be completely catastrophe but we fix the
mics right you haven't fixed it you
reset them and they're working yep so
you know what that means tomorrow we're
shooting to pranks in South Beach it's
gonna be insane someone's coming Friday
guess who and I don't know oh you her
hair is a ridiculous we need to get a
haircut
yeah we do really yeah you're really
gonna shave off your head yeah I'm gonna
get that yeah I'm thinking about shaving
it I don't know yeah I might be get the
Bieber cut it's too long right now oh
yeah you already have to be right so
what are you gonna cut it
oh my god okay I don't know I get off
the lane see I so it's been 3 2 1 it's
not long any my don't know it kind of
looks the same to me it looks somewhere
right yeah I don't know I told you this
is why you don't go to barber shops we
went to barber we went to barber shops
and look at this I don't know I don't
want to be racist but isn't barber shop
for black people
yeah like barber shop it's like we don't
want to be raised up my razor barber
shop every time I see a barber shop is
to see like people wants to get fades
and stuffing I went to this barber shop
when I said I shouldn't fucking go to
barbers oh the guy who got me here yeah
the haircuts great dude I love so old
that the hair go oh he loves it too dude
everything's great good guys I think the
haircuts all right what do you guys
think I'm sure
once I give it a couple days it's gonna
look fine but I don't know mom I'm sorry
I know I should be listening to you my
mom always cuz I was like you take 45
minutes to cut my hair she like then go
to another haircut place yeah now I know
I know missed earring wheel doesn't turn
wait why can it why cause I smell
something too he saw something I saw
something yeah it's yeah I want false
but I just I didn't do nothing I'm just
going straight literally and I love how
I said earlier to Eric Paul's brother if
anything happens to your car I'll pay
for it great the guy heard me is like
you were ready but I don't wants to
spend some money so I can't like do like
Chinese guys I can only like like swerve
so we need to get back to the house and
see what the fuck is up go y'all bro so
yeah I think that God heard me and says
I want to spend money on your car and
I'm driving literally straight from a
haircut to the house and your steering
wheel ops I can't turn left or right I'm
literally going straight on the road and
it gives me and it's giving me a battery
signal in the front it's not from bad
bro yes it is
you think so why the fuck else would it
be locking bro
hi brother don't worry don't worry we'll
take care of it first thing in the
morning i am i bad yet I am I'm parking
right now I'm here
alright ready how to park in the garage
okay ready good
when we were driving to go skydiving I
ran over a tire with a stop buddy buddy
right over a rubber tire wasn't like a
fool feel tired it was the outside of a
tire I ran over and it just bounced back
yeah I don't know fuck I really feel bad
dude I really feel bad yeah I'm sweating
man that's fucked up
I just somebody believe me borrow their
car and just fucked it up it's alright I
got that alright so we got the car
sorted I'm responsible for my actions to
mom dropping it off at my boys 8:00 in
the morning mechanic but right now this
is homemade baklava I know all you might
Europeans know what buck love is look at
this we put it overnight in the fridge
so it's like all stuck together but some
Paul's dad gets back home and then he
gets this out of the car guys I guess
the bail broke so I was going straight
the car literally locked up on me
thank God it happened right outside of
the house so the car could have blew up
the engine but this is the bail this is
European man European men he literally
went there we looked at he said what's
wrong with the car and just rip this out
tomorrow got a tow truck at 8:00 in the
morning and I'm fixing the problem you
know you got to be responsible for the
things in life if you do it take care of
the but when I was a kid it was the
opposite if I do it I would let a
somebody else fix it check this we got
some grease came in finally
whoa we got hoodies we got shirts nice
fresh if you haven't got your merch yeah
Dylan's number DICOM top of the link
description that's right this for all my
homie or some fans when I see him on the
street but yeah this is fresh you know
speaking of where you from she doesn't
speak English we look for this girl
around the mall for so long over here
from Colombia I'm going to meta-gene
next week you're gonna
managing but I want to get your phone
number
how green goes gonna take you out don't
worry phone number I'll hold it back for
you
sweetie your number and thank you thank
you very much
I'm thinking about now why we all know
you're a gold-digger it's all good I was
gonna take you out fuck it it's an epic
fail and now I know where we need to go
we need to go to Colombia you see that
we need to go to fucking cool we're
going to Colombia so one of the cool
amigos didn't work is I don't fucking
speak Spanish all I know is estimate
gram the finger and that's it what is
you Mattel Vitaly soos maybe what does
that mean I am Vitaly suck my dick okay
that's why we're staying rated R
battalion sensor coming soon I'm sorry
guys I'm not bleeping that things out
because rice raw is always the best
right here just you rather watch busy on
Rob radar nice to meet you guys
hey what's up migraine I was John Bonham
the drummer for Led Zeppelin I don't
know nothing about limb sadly but he
said if he makes the YouTube channel
tomorrow
I think he's gonna shaky you know what
actually since I'm not gonna be here
tomorrow I want to make you do it now
you are gonna make that YouTube channel
and why don't you tweet me the slip and
then the next vlog I'm gonna put all my
illusions eyes up guys the matter what
those tricking naked because we don't
want you to get a like a pedophile
charge a little onions and the cheese
fingers that's my boys they're not gonna
be proud
bang bro yeah we're getting bombarded
into small it's not like a bad thing I
always wanted that day to come so there
it is
work for I paid the price
the villains I just bought two colognes
375 a bottle I don't know if I I'm not
really like bragging but I'm telling you
guys that is that because I share
everything with you because it's my
daily life but Paul gets a bottle
because he's birthday boy thank you very
much I put him on this now oh yeah you
bet we all know it's gonna create four
hundred dollars critical old people it
worries guys eight hundred bucks just
like that I can't skipper another month
of logs I'm shooting my outro what's up
guys oh nice nice Devillier these
villains never die calm you guys already
know where to get it but hey I got a box
see it looks pretty fresh but um what's
up guys I'll get back to you one second
all right villains thank you so much for
watching this video isn't it kind of
weird that I get Christmas presents
after Christmas yeah just a little bit
all right guys it's your life your
choice do whatever the fuck you want in
this life because it's yours thank you
so much for watching they probably fuck
she's laughing I knew it
he's cringing you're laughing all right
guys thank you so much for watching
tomorrow Miami new prank I'll see you
guys tomorrow see deines
