came back for you okay so that means I
can hear about now since I have millions
of followers for real are you serious
what's up villains I'm back in Miami
back in South Beach or you know black
shirt pink shorts with pineapples black
shoes he already know me look like a
weirdo
I got some glasses weird glasses today
I'm gonna be asking guys if I can eat
their girlfriends I don't know what kind
of reactions are gonna get if we're
gonna get a hit more views but we don't
want to get hit but I'm not gonna get it
Leo you're saying I'm not getting hit I
don't think too much games but though
people don't look at us know that you're
harder beside do it I'm sorry but you're
gonna be my vlog it's all the way from
are you serious you said you don't have
a phone let's take a picture I'll send
it to your email you have an email right
hi guys we're here on the beach and it's
not as busy as it was last time but it's
not gonna stop me from getting girls and
guys and asking girls that can eat your
booty it's freaking hot I was
complaining California there was too
cold now I came here it's today I'm hot
the pictures looking pretty nice a lot
of you guys been impressed by that
floaty TV right there
it's a pressure impressive right 42
that's wow wow that's insane guys
fucking my video
there's no reason for living for quite a
long time I know what I know what you
what your production company number
Battalion guys I'm just asking I mean I
just asking where frames difficulty
their girlfriends asked a simple
question
we don't point at the fucking camera at
the asset we pointed me you actually eat
their asses right here oh you know yeah
but I want to assure you this guy's fine
I feel like we're getting pranked right
now it's uh you need to move for a big
cock oh yeah you are
yeah
how about some deep smoke yeah here's
your big cock go ah guys see hold on
it's like I'm not done yet
here's your deep throat you ever seen
this energy drink that's hilarious
you guys have no idea who I am no you're
the guy that came to Elijah yeah I've
been following you for five years bro
funny thing is that this guy reminds me
of when I was young crazy I'm a little
older wrong yeah I've never had a proper
get this guy to follow me behind me can
eat your booty because we're calling the
Casa di he's right there it's your life
your choice
oh yeah well we got like 45 minutes left
before the Sun Goes Down I gotta get
some more reactions because we're
killing it won the streak twenty pranks
in ten days who fucking gotta go thanks
almost hi are you back now okay
so that means I can hear about nuts
let's have millions of followers for
real are you serious see what I mean
she's a Vitaly digger Fame their gold
Digga I can tell
or just a little chocolate dig about how
young are you yeah 21 oh okay you're
gonna say 17 what was the fucking heat
this shit right now is that your brother
that's your best friend
yo yo brew best friend you approve yeah
I told you I can take care of the
private island and show you guys didn't
believe it man
I just want to spend a honeymoon with
some chocolate so what your show what
you're working with
oh my god that she's like an earthquake
haha guys as you can see what the Sun
we've been here all day
banging out videos guys how you feeling
exhausted putting your work lovin in the
great video viral viral you think so no
it's funny I still like when I pull
pranks they still had a million you told
me right I was like I didn't lose
motivation but I was like you know
the vlogs I know they're not hitting a
million because I never really vlog but
like would you hook up with me and that
was two pranks and we still have a
minnow the best thanks stop I do it stop
it stop it's just so weird a lot of
people really like so many people
started doing what I've been doing it
it's like when I come up to people and
they're like oh you're just trying to be
a famous it hurts the honestly hurts
it's like it's like people really think
I'm one of those guys that's trying to
get it you know yeah how do you feel
about that
well they just don't know you also have
half the beach like recognizing I don't
know man this is just the start of the
trip guys if you guys think these videos
are bangers just wait I can't do it yeah
we shouldn't just leave it we should
just move down to Miami bro look how
beautiful it is man but you know what I
don't like about Miami always freaking
rain what's up she look you know what
that's what I thought keep walking
but in a real no guys thanks for all
your support hopefully enjoying your
holidays because we're out here grinding
like crazy we're about to go eat the
gains don't stop it's hard to maintain
gains on a on the freaking on the trips
it's literally up to force yourself to
you good accept Paul's mom pancakes
yesterday and I ate five of those yo
guys what do you think is she if I
should do my hair like that comment
below if I do that this looks like full
of chemicals it's keyed though you look
like a Korean pop star I'm Gucci
let's go villains do you want to see
straight-up games is all we eat on the
trip John good whoo damn dog
transformations gonna be so cool
all right villains we just got back to
South Beach and we decided to combine
those two blogs into one because
yesterday I uploaded a prank but it's
Christmas Day a lot more people than
yesterday we got the boys here what's up
guys thanks for having out everybody
Merry Christmas
that's right let's see we're gonna mic
up right now and you guys didn't think
there's gonna be a lot of people at the
beach they're more people at the beach
yeah he's gonna zoom in on me I'm gonna
zoom in on you too homie yeah I see you
two guys right now we're in South Beach
as you can see it's it's South America
right now yo I told you we're in South
America that girl was from Venezuela
guys it's Christmas time what do you
think the beach was gonna be busy it's
super busy yesterday I was working in
the video asking girlfriends if I can
eat the girlfriend's booty so was
editing that video that's what we
couldn't get the vlog up but we still
didn't skip an upload now if you're
watching this video the videos do you
want to smash is up from yesterday and
this vlog from this morning it's all the
behind the scenes and we're not stopping
we're on schedule right now right it
coming around
we're killing it right now but it's a
good time but literally we're in South
America we're going to Venezuela dude oh
yeah no I don't know why are you
laughing it's actually number one
kidnapping country in the world right
now but and there's a lot of things
going on I don't want to talk about but
by hey every country is beautiful catch
me in Puerto Rico Venezuela next week
don't be surprised why I'm there oh you
know I used to get Instagram pictures
you like this no Sean Paul Paul
I did you finally lost his fucking mind
he lost his mind completely I don't
think he ever had yeah when you're on
the road you always get a power crunch
not a brand deal good on sodium good on
calories good on carbs good on protein
gains let's get it oh my god Mike's
advice for the girls tries for the guys
got your name all over it again
Paul Spears is not disappoint look at
this oh my goodness Wow
this is beauty Turkey with little
potatoes with a little salad ball
where's the hot sauce you lied where's
the buffalo sauce no buffalo sauce no
food yeah oh and the peppers and the
peppers get the peppers get the peppers
Christmas games guys I just want to show
you gonna eat a gasps gasps - all in the
peppers Oh see Europeans aww
passed out last night got those gains
from that Turkey guys someone's coming
Friday to Florida I guess who that is
somebody's coming Friday it's gonna be a
crazy week guys we're gonna film some
pranks today right now thank you so much
for watching this video make sure you
hit a thumbs up if you haven't got your
mercy at villains never die calm and I
don't know what to say beautiful haven't
rained yet Florida give you a high-five
thank you thank you for not raining
thank you for not rating but thank you
guys so much for watching this video a
thumbs up for support coming your
favorite part of the vlog give me some
prank ideas that you guys want to see me
do and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's do Daniel
