what's up villains
I'm in South Beach today and I'm gonna
walk around look for pretty girls and
ask him you want to smash just want a
little smash it's Christmas Eve
it's fun oh just fucking just want to
smash what time is it
4:13 you know what 4:30 means it's time
to smash let's go you want to smash why
not is it good
was the white why not tell me why not
yeah just what's the point of asking you
for your number and everything we can
just smash and then we can get married
as you take you to a private island and
you know things gonna be good
you rather guys say that then instead of
your like Oh started slow and stuff like
that ok cool one last time you smash
you're right it's not a regression all
right you want to smash yeah smash like
bang bang ski ski no gonna suck the milk
out of those CDs yeah I want some milk
my mom didn't give me enough calcium I
need it for some games please all right
well you signed up for it you signed up
for it why don't you just take your
underwear off it's fine really
you want to see my cock that means yes
already 3 2 yeah so listen to this I
came here alone I got no friends and I
know you ladies want to smash I know you
want this yeah I know you understand
please for who's first let's go
I'll be back you guys are down to smash
make a sandwich yeah you guys down to
make a sandwich and smash all night long
I don't know I just just here I'm just
here for a good time not a long time did
you
that's a pick-up line I'm out I want to
pick you up I just want to smash and pow
I just want to rip and dip I'm from here
I'm sorry it worked last time I got AIDS
but I listen if we smash tonight I will
cut off my left nut you down to smash I
want some chocolate in my life I want to
make a coffee latte really why not smash
before the flight over smash on the
flight oh yeah which flight our young
one the last time you smash I need to
know I must match doctor I need on take
yeah I take notes yeah yeah but do you
have a degree in smashing I guess my
shop side down left or right right at
the left looking just 69 I invented a
new positions called 17 I don't know if
it knows what's the 79 the woman show
you real quick All Right see you later
can I poke it this Christmas which one
of you down to get smash ladies I know
somebody wants to smash a knife no
really it's Christmas
really
you want to smash you want to smash you
want to smash you good what's up from
here from for like six minutes yeah to
be exact six point nine how are you yeah
you have a really beautiful face even
daughter and see you but you're so cute
here lean back lean back lean back
towards my back
much better sneer to relax I had a long
day
thanks for being so nice and kind I just
I just oh yeah what's your name Marisha
I just heard number just get straight to
the point why are you standing like
you're you want to get smashed
he's not going to it's uh I can I smash
are gonna smash oh my god okay you
hooked it up my boy I just want to do
this respectable blimey give me your
Bruce what's your name where you from
told you okay know if you don't have any
plans later dude I just busted in the
fucking three seconds holy fuck
alright villains thank you so much for
watching this video make sure you leave
a like on the video and show some love
and I'll do part two asking boyfriends
and girlfriends if they want to smash
things are gonna get heated thank you so
much for watching happy holidays and
I'll see you tomorrow the see Daniel
