what's up villains I'm back in South
Beach as I promised can eat your booty
video got 250,000 likes 11 million views
and I said if I get only 50,000 likes
I'll do part two what's the part two
today I'm gonna be asking boyfriends if
I can eat their girlfriends asses I mean
I don't think they do it somebody needs
to do it I'm here back in South Beach
and let's look for some bootylicious
booty what's up guys hello how are you
good oh yeah their girlfriend are you
sucking her nipples it nipples out I
just wanted to say we're having it wet
we're having an a scenery we have an ass
eatery party you can eat her booty can I
eat her booty you don't eat it for
somebody else to do it really you don't
want to ask you to be party tonight
really what's gonna happen you gonna let
me eat it and you're minding for your
girlfriend's booty you mind if i yer
booty look like if I can eat her booty
yeah it looking pretty crispy yeah Wow I
don't know oh that's are you the
boyfriend that's fine Sana'a
why what's so what about it do you eat
it I bet you don't need to see either
buddy really shit I just want to stick
my tongue inside I see you guys wow you
guys are so cute just kissing your ass
does this please some batali please they
meet her ass just please just please
just please for real you approve that
let's go dude you're gonna be you
winning the coolest boyfriend of 2017
can I take a bite just one bite just one
bite this is why I love being to tally
see I get I get handed in city are
villains if this video gets 100,000
likes I'm gonna ask dudes you fuckin eat
there but for part 3 guys smash that
thumbs up button 100,000 likes and I'm
gonna do it and honestly it's gonna be
crazy
so many people want to get into the
fight alright what's up guys oh yeah you
guys trying to go to a party no that's
eating party you know that's eating
party I can't eat her booty I want to
eat her booty well I mean come on dude
it's like you're not doing it what's up
yeah is that bad in Russia it's normal
we do it every day can I eat your butt
oh you're gonna get jealous
really
yeah one-way trip back to Russia I'm
just being nice dude
No how should I do it
what I'm teach me a better way 50%
chance it's not gonna go down well fuck
well you got a beautiful girl so so you
somebody has to do it you guys just like
chillin here you guys look bored so it's
like let's have a nasty dirty party I
eat your ass you eat her ass and we go
like in the Triangle hi so cigarette no
I don't want to cigarette but I want to
get a spreader ass cheeks gonna eat our
but putting the towel on her but can I
put the towel on her booty
I want your booty yeah booty I want to
eat it yeah can I eat it yeah can I bend
over come on let's go you serious I'm
coming to your teacher bud come on
somebody let me eat an ass your your
boyfriend no there's no bad I just want
to eat some frickin ass and you just
gave me that ass so take off your shorts
so I can eat it and enter it and put my
ass and just fucking fuck that your
boyfriend are you just are you just the
gay friend oh okay no I'm kidding you're
hot so I'll eat your butt too just let
me know whenever it's time would call me
yeah sure I'll eat us come on oh you
guys really think I'm gonna eat a butt
get the fuck out of your motherfucker
I'm not eating your ass all right guys
this guy's been talking to this girl for
quite a while
low-key I'm on a cock block I'm sorry I
have a top guys sorry not to me to cock
block you but really to cock block you
get straight to deploy my bro
excuse me can I eat right but can I get
your butt what if I put Nutella on it
she said yes that's how you do it see
you later
you guys look like you have a sad
relationship yeah because she's
screaming that she wants to go out asked
to get eaten and you're not doing
anything so I came here to help you mind
can I take a bite really yeah just one
what did she have to say about it really
yeah I'll let her munch on it good sport
yeah happy a happy relationship what's
up guys hi you know what they called me
here what do you think man my king of
ass eatery
I just came here to you your booty
that's right you know you want it why'd
you freeze up never heard that one
before oh he's not doing it before okay
so I'm gonna have to do it let's go
three huh yeah oh yeah I'm talking to
her you you the boyfriend yeah you keep
it quiet keep it quiet I want to eat her
bass okay so you just cut you just
basically admitted that you want to
cheat on your boyfriend so you want to
do it you want to do it or no does he
dress he does it none of my business
oh it's my business it's Christmas Eve I
got to know I don't I man there's no I
I'll let you two take over my job eat
her ass tonight see you later brother
Kenny you're gonna eat your girl can't
even talk to you so hot can eat your
girlfriend's ass gonna do it why you
give me that disgusting face you know
you want it all put your glove I'm 12
don't talk to you getting a little
jealous you're so cute
who's the boyfriend here
nobody I came here to your but come on
yeah any true beauty yeah what's up huh
what's up I'm pulling I'm just trying to
eat some but to be honest you tried to
get the black sock out of you without
telling your white come on she's a porn
star yeah I used to be one that didn't
turn out well yeah yeah fucking I got
Bing bye dude didn't look that good yeah
you back now okay so that means I can
hear about now since I have millions of
followers for real are you serious
see what I mean she's a Vitaly digger
Fame digger gold digger I can tell or
just a little chocolate dig about how
young are you yeah 21 oh okay you're
gonna say seventeen was fucking heat
this shit right now
alright villains thank you so much for
watching this video let's get this video
to a hundred thousand likes like I said
a hundred thousand likes and I promise
you I'm doing part three asking dudes if
I can eat their but happy holidays guys
thank you so much for watching this
video come back tomorrow if you want to
see behind the scenes of making of this
video make sure you share this video
with your friends thank you so much for
watching and I'll see you guys tomorrow
the zoo Danya
