what's up villains welcome to another
video
holy shit this day has came I'm in
Sebastian Florida drop zone that means
we're going skydiving today this guy
right here the myth the legend Maxie hey
my russian buddy right here we've been
talking on Instagram for so long like
what six months six months and we're
finally here we're jumping in the center
whatever today we will probably make
some fire in this guy we will jump from
perfectly good airplane from 13,000 feet
okay and we want to do some Moscato jump
mascara Santa jump Santa Santa Santa
suits and we got a deer holiday spirit
this is a new drop zone I haven't jumped
in over a month
super nervous about whatever this guy
before before before we left California
sad that you're gonna jump you said
you're like yo I can't wait to do it and
then we got here like I don't know you
know what you're doing it for the
villains that's it what do I start do I
change the pants I brought like super
tight pants about these joggers I'm sure
there's another one right now I think
you top ups
that's it you don't need too much
because it's really hot right here
alright villains we are rehearsing our
jump right now let's go let's see what
our we're doing so we will do rain train
train jump ok so that's the job let's go
yeah Maddy I think you want me to hold
my hands here
yeah you can't hold it here yeah and
then later then when you put your feet
under my hands they go let it go yeah
and just balance on your arms yeah don't
push too much ok like straight straight
back you know perfectly like Rocco crazy
right alright villains in three two one
I'm a son of Klaus we need to go we need
to hi guys
see you in the end
that was pretty epic Rosen Wow
what do you think about my two months
not jumping jump good job really good
and I fight like crazy I was trying to
keep up with this guy's stuff my ears oh
I can hear much better now that was
freaking awesome view the view is
heartbreaking bright it's heartbreaking
heartache whatever the hell that means I
we got to do it again let's go villains
so it's time for number two now we're
gonna take pictures and go I'm gonna do
something crazy the first jump was like
okay like right now it's gonna go out of
I'm gonna spin out of control
nice one just do it nicely they're
perfectly good pictures alright when we
jump I just pull his parachute and
that's it and have them sucked into a
propeller and call it a day
that was a long another epic jump and
one more one more one more
what a jump hey wait Eden do you don't a
scare to throw up in the sky mm oh
you're fine you have helmet if you throw
up you throw up inside it's my role I
just swallow it back up amazing the
final job of three I fourteen yeah I was
busy guys started when she was 14 years
old in Ukraine 14 years all of his
parents I've done Center I'm done
but I didn't tell my birthday dance to
skydive Oh how's it looking looking good
looking good huh oh my god
seconds 400 pounds of me everything so
far going by schedule we got here
skydiving the first day tomorrow we're
headed to Miami for some banger pranks
it's gonna be insane if you haven't
subscribed yet make sure you subscribe
and if you're not a villain yet that's
what's gonna make you guys a villain by
subscribing and following this journey
because shits about to be insane whoa
what an epic dance guy dynamic scene
things talking for six months and
becoming and making it becoming and
making it to reality that's right
when you got those Santa suits is like I
were to jump with Santa you got the
sense of suits literally in the next
hour he's like they ready my birthday I
do you're the man I appreciate it
what's my Instagram wish him happy
birthday and seriously thanks you're
fucking epic skydiver you're an epic
film er thanks old old old footage and
Leo fifty thousand lights guys and Lee
is gonna jump next all right guys we
headed back to Boca see there all right
villains I just got back to Boca back to
the roots of Elijah that's where he used
to work for seven years busboy you know
you have to be start a slave to be
somewhere that's the place and last time
you guys came it says Batali says free
desserts well what's up Paul by the way
Giovanni right here he's brought back so
what happens a manager would
pre-dessert so the manager he went up to
the manager it was like yo you said
you're gonna shout out ya know a free
dessert sweet dessert if you say Batali
yeah like 40 people have already come
here asking for fucking free decisions
from woody it's been a fucking week ha
ha no Froyo suppose makes music and
Paula needs to start making music for my
blogs you make hard shit do you think
you can do like a little like little
like lifestyle videos yeah bro
absolutely fucking dope shit cool bro
we'll do that and then can eat your
booty video you were behind the scenes
11 million views 11 billion views bro
honestly guys like I don't want to doubt
myself and I don't want to be negative
because you're always gonna be positive
in life but me just walking around zero
money into the video just walking around
on the beach and talking shit to girls
got 11 million views I still got it
and I'm gonna go back and 20 francs in
10 days tomorrow I'm going to South
Beach and I'm gonna ask buttes if I can
eat that girlfriend's asses dude this is
gonna be fucking great bro but right now
we're gonna go get some gains at a
restaurant because you already know
transformation starts and reflexing I
don't know what I'm doing all right
what all right they get it they got the
games good they got the games just
finished eating oh you don't believe me
that I used to work here you know what
we're gonna punch in oh no
no I was trying to punch in and what
happened the number doesn't work anymore
bill oh I'm so sure that you know you're
coming back but I think you gotta
inactive you're telling about the desert
tell you guys the proportions to going
on you come over here and say Batali in
work also put a code battalion 9-1-1
that means they watch this video and the
music you have to eat something okay no
commute it's our you guys just become if
you like a never free dessert now you
got to spend some money it's good but
it's not that good it is good yeah but
but Vitaly order the pasta or something
to eat would take care of the desert and
you know worries and I sent the bill to
Vitaly of the words and you know what
we're spending New Year's right right
here absolutely celebrating with you
when you get a dance until the Sun comes
out
and I think you guys should have changed
it to other numbers wow you're so
braiding together don't do that what you
saying with what what what do you mean
with it that was it mean dude when you
get a free dessert you're gonna eat it
you say no oh my boy got the number huh
mark yeah you're gonna hit her up you
call me mark
Marcus sorry somebody's calling me while
I'm vlogging that's the worst thing you
can do oh oh oh guys thank you so much
for watching leav got the number had an
epic day of skydiving super tired this
video gets 50,000 like Leah's gonna have
to go jump thank you guys for all your
support to your life your choice do
whatever the fuck you want in this life
don't let anybody stop yours anybody
tell you what to do thank you so much
for everything seriously guys and I had
a big big week ahead of me I'm like
seriously these brains are gonna be on
another level so I hope your hype
because I'm super hyped
I'll see you guys tomorrow that's it on
you
