10k oh my god yeah I need you to kill
somebody for me I need you to kill
somebody there's not me I'm naked myself
I did two years for what so will be your
first time is that your man yeah I'm
trying to offer him I'm trying to offer
him 100k to kill somebody
do you want this yeah it is real but I
just need you to kill somebody for me
what's up somebody owns me a couple
million dollars if you have a gun just
give it to me and I'll do it really are
you gonna have to work for it
I got Oh Jay I got OJ's lawyer you'll be
good hi baby girl
do you see the money yeah she does yeah
what do you get huh that's 20k I'm
trying to give it to you why would one
favor can you kill somebody for me I
need you to kill somebody for me no no I
can't do that
why are you serious yes I need you to
give him a head shot I'll give you a gun
and you kill them and you both about
your ticket to Colombia whatever you
want sent your pay you better you have
to kill somebody for me it's a crime
yeah
$20,000 really yeah giving this not good
don't you know it don't you
nobody nobody know what should I do
forgive me forgive him yeah she owes me
a couple million dollars doesn't matter
for something nobody really yeah money
you can get but the life you can get
your eyes yeah someone dead did he came
back she that that person can come back
to life you know if she dies I can wake
him up tomorrow and be like wait - no
you don't think what you don't kill it
even if you if you don't believe them no
kids right yeah okay
money money but don't nobody even if you
pick medium down huh even if you give me
billion dollar I don't think nobody for
a billion if any minute I don't kill
nobody because killing it's crime and
God never forgive you so you are younger
you have a you got a good future can I
rape him have you guys killed somebody
before me huh first because I need I'm
gonna give somebody 20k we're gonna
murder somebody for me what do you want
this yeah you all know what turns out to
live and I'm 22 immature
there's more you'll put a bullet
somebody how you gonna prove it to me
you're gonna send me a picture I'll give
Ruby gof instant your motherfucking
bracelet come up off my limit for the
same game shit he already believes like
parole why are you so silly you're
thinking about it that's true I'm not a
cop why would he just walk up to you and
good for the biggest time stop pinata
thing under the Sun Tan okay it's not
only seven can you look at me bro bro
look at me a secret we all know why you
cock-blocking your friends no cuz I
would do that shit in a session you want
to split it you want another stop you
not stop talking I don't know you know
the pro know that the only legitimate
happy I've seen everything in the bag
then I see their eyes I'm a very smart
person and I know that we would not see
very crazy and there's somebody else
even three fucking million dollars√≠
should be watching us from far away I'm
on a bracelet right now from prison I
don't play games like that I look at
that shit cuz I don't know you from a
can of paint I will break the braces off
my leg for over 2,000 wrong
No would you kill somebody right now I
need somebody put it on somebody I'm not
sure why it's an interesting you know
really ya know what I mean interesting
not interested now nothing for our UK
for a million now I don't kill people
for million at all right for how much
but nothing bro if so does your soul
soul as a soul yeah you can't take a
soak or someone but the guy who owns me
a lot of money though
so can you have to be you saw it on
freaking kill talk to you talk to me you
grab that thing I'm saying trying to
talk to him trying to be cool so
everything kind of range
don't say killing is not an answer
there's no point to find some more than
trying to get him some money so I could
go kill someone and what you do that I'm
a bad person right now no bad person you
don't impress me just cool you know
I just feel your energy you're cool you
know
so I need you what are you doing I need
you to take somebody out for me for 20k
see what you see why it's your money
okay yeah can you kill something have
you killed somebody before once the
money dad is 20k let me see it 20k large
counting off enemies
