Villas sounds so damn asking because
this is last video you guys gonna see in
this freaking apartments you're a good
memories here be South Beach tow thanks
mom for helping me out
finally I'm not gonna feel like a
freaking vampire like a look at this
this is the only window I have and like
no light looks right now it's like noon
I have to use light and it's still dark
I don't know if some of you guys see my
new place it's so dope thank you guys
you guys gonna come along any journey
you're gonna live in a new apartment but
this place time to say goodbye just was
just so small I don't know what I was
thinking but now we got Leo
full time we're gonna do some crazy
crazy videos 2018 we're taking over and
everything just good these games are
coming in strong here I got a list like
today and I'm still sick guys I'm still
vlogging
well because I'm still gonna do because
I'm not planning to skip any days
anytime soon or ever until this vlog
life ends or whatever probably headed to
Miami tomorrow the day after I do not
know but we're gonna set up the new
place so dope maybe we're gonna ask some
for suggestions from you guys or not I
don't know but let's get the fuck out of
here welcome villains to my brand new
place that's right it's not shut up
obviously yes my god yeah check out that
you saw with you oh it's sunny it's
pretty fucking nuts it's crazy I'm gonna
get out of here because I ordered the
pizza for the movers oh my but my mom
just told me that I'm getting some real
gains that just took over my shirt she's
like wow you're getting some results so
that's definitely a motivation that's
definitely she told me I'm so fat guess
what I'll be eating this whole pizza and
that's how my mind works but it's time
for me to go I'm gonna go I'm gonna get
some stuff from my karma to get a coffee
and I'm gonna get a protein bar that
will be it so pizza
I'll see you one day No
do it you're gonna be shit you know what
the best part about living in this
luxury buildings is they express the
machine of this one coffee machine his
first solution but this one is a triple
dark espresso and honestly I wanted to
live in here every morning dude you know
that this is an appetite suppressant so
every time I'm feeling hungry and I do
like I literally ate an hour ago I'm
starving
so for that I drink this black coffee
you know what I'm gonna make another day
cigs Drupal your books example so this
is already a triple associate never mind
I think it's still going I just took it
off my bed we're going to Miami do you
understand that I have in Miami ten days
20 francs I know that sounds ridiculous
I'm gonna I'm gonna shake YouTube in
2018 this was just a little appetizer
for you what you're about to see do you
understand what's gonna happen I don't
think you know how you guys say the old
Vitaly I'm still the same Vitaly I'm
just gonna turn my doom engine freakin
and you don't know what's gonna happen
you don't know you're gonna regret it
oh my god
woke up right now guys it's currently
I'll tell you how much is currently it's
currently 7:30 in the morning I woke up
at 6:30 in the morning having my morning
coffee like usual guys I went to the gym
last night and guess what I came home
took a shower and passed out but now
we're gonna finish the vlog so Vitaly
why are you in the computer Vitaly guys
we're headed to Miami
ten days twenty pranks Ilya what's up
challenge accepted challenge accepted
intercepted accepted sorry for my
English
all right continue booking we're headed
to Miami will land tomorrow and it's
gonna be honestly insane but right now
guys I wanted to split up this vlog in
two days well Green Day it's still gonna
be tomorrow as long as new tomorrows but
right now I'm gonna go do my morning
cardio fasted cardio and show you guys
my shoulder workout and not doing like a
montage I actually show you the work
I'll talk a little bit about it and hope
you guys in joyed slog let's get to
Miami all right villains just
finish my morning cardio faster cardia
that means I did not eat before I don't
know scientists and everybody say you
lose more weight that way just rent
through miles I'm gonna go eat my
breakfast I'll show you what I have for
breakfast guys and then we're gonna hit
shoulders thank God for the gym in my
building
now what I have to it's not too much but
this is the perfect perfect perfect
little setup for shoulders strong
machines they're basic but it's not
rocket science basic is the best but the
leg machines no no no we're gonna go to
the really gym for the weights these
dumbbells go up to 75 pounds that's not
enough for my chest maybe some of you
guys but I actually did upper chest 100
pound dumbbells so I want to get my
chest a little bigger so I'm gonna go to
the religion for that but right now
let's go eat breakfast so shall we gonna
have for breakfast guys and then we're
back in this bitch so I got one cup of
oatmeal right here and I got a little
bit of honey and egg whites right here
six egg whites so I mix it again because
I don't eat it for the taste I eat it
for the gains so boom that's my
breakfast right here is 6 egg whites 1
cup of oatmeal and bom-bom bom-bom let
me mix it up this is actually delicious
I don't know look at this your gains a
bowl or gains
15 of those
second set fifty pound dumbbells oh man
I'm hurting but no pain no gain
ah a lot of people work out their
shoulders but they forget about the real
bill raising raises but I used to forget
them too so don't beat yourself up beat
yourself up I'm always trying to hit ten
or fifteen so I'm gonna stay with 60s I
know I can go ahead here but I'm not
trying to bulk up so I need to get that
shit bigger 20 times ha ha and I also
like to workout look with my fingertips
because it builds your forearms so I'm
literally holding the dumbbell alright
guys now we're doing shoulder raises I
like to lean against this to get some
control kind of relax put all the
pressure into my shoulders all the
tension 20 baby on each side let it burn
the letter
everybody wants to shoulder the
attachment and I want my shoulders to be
Mount Everest it's not too - for me so
the lateral raises
make sure your pinkies stick up when you
do it so like this nice and slow
and control it your burner is Barnes
guide smile you're gonna smile when your
cup and none opinion whoa I don't know
how your mentality guys works but my
mentality if I'm fat I'm sitting on the
couch I'm like I'd rather get fatter but
I'm telling you guys once you start
going to the gym starting to get results
you will be addicted I promise you I
know I let myself go before I would get
in shape I don't get fat I get in shape
I'll get fat I can't do this anymore
I've been working out for I don't know
like four or five months since my last
transformation and it's freaking hard to
get back it's hard it's not easy work
but my transformation videos gonna come
out with all the supplements with
everything I promised you guys but right
now if you're watching this video after
this video after you hit a thumbs up on
this video and after you subscribe if
you're not a villain yet make sure you
go to the gym you got to start somewhere
you can't just be like all one result so
every night just go through the gym you
will feel better about yourself I'll
promise you that a lot of the m's on
instagram guys if you haven't followed
me you vitalyzdtv a lot of DMS on
instagram from you guys but you have
never been to the gym in your life and
I'm motivated to go to the gym so you
know what makes it feel good for that
I'm gonna go extra hard I don't think
that's not use the machine without all
right villains I just finished my
workout
thank you so much for watching it's your
life your choice do whatever the fuck
you want in this life because it's only
your's it's only one it's only your's
it really just says yours little anybody
grab a handful of you because I'm in my
lane and I'm just going straight to
success and I hope you did too so thank
you so much for watching this video give
it a big thumbs up so it's never die
calm for your merch link in the
description thank you so much for
watching now we're gonna get to Miami
I'll see you guys tomorrow this is
Daniel
