oh no way no way this is you no way this
is Jews what's up villains welcome to
another video welcome to another vlog
thank you so much for coming back if you
guys are wondering yo Vitali how come
you're starting your blog so late
where's all the lights leo show them
turn around
my mom thank you so much sorry for
breaking you but she's helping me move I
don't know what she's doing here because
I'm doing everything myself right guys
it's so stressful we're moving tomorrow
is officially moving date and once we
move we had it to my end for a week full
of pranks so this vlogs are like okay
whatever like you guys want to get
personal with me I want to get personal
with you so this is my life I'm moving
it's the most three stressful days ever
especially calling gas companies and
electric companies and my mom had to
spell or me spell my name 70 fucking
five times Z as in zebra Diaz and dog
was an orange arse and red was an orange
B as in Victor is an elevator cheese and
Tom ssince kid sky kids in Kmart eyes
and impossible wise in yellow every
single time I have to spell my last name
like that we headed to Miami New Year's
it looks like he's gonna be happy to
Miami Bri came actually earlier she
helped out a lot oh shit yo she signed
me up I'm gonna get a spray tan
are you spray tan you just shove the Pew
abroad like what though getting a spray
tan because look it just cuts off bring
your you see it yeah bye Miami it's
gonna be hot and we're gonna be asking
oh the things we're gonna be doing whoa
battalion sensor coming on very nicely
I've been sick too haven't been helping
me with my workout today I lifted and I
thought I'm gonna just all right be
fatality but on the bright side to New
Year's new goals villains taking over
pranks are taking over we're going viral
let's go hi I'm Christina hi so this is
Christina villas we just got her a
little dope spot I don't know what this
is it looks like a trap house to me we
are gonna be doing the procedure I told
you guys we're gonna get in there
probably like I already wrote scenes but
it's all good you know she's right
again come on what about your six-pack
cool I'm putting you on the spot I'm
putting it on the spot your six-pack
whoa look at those obliques okay
we're probably blurring my gains because
the transformation better coming soon I
showed you guys a little bit of Vegas
but I can't show anymore when you look
Tanner you feel more ripped so
everything is going to give more
motivation yeah it's gonna motivation at
the gym you know and I can start wearing
tank tops finally because this farmer's
tan line gotta go and we're going to
Miami so you know you're gonna go heel
down Vento's each foot one at a time
this is really weird
what did I sign up for in the hairdo
things dude
I look like Beyonce nobody to scrub my
back skis are good yeah I need caffeine
this'll make you lose ten pounds
all right
Oh mi doster are you fucking serious
yet another track put a nail there you
go just finished with my tan and now I
know what you're talking about being
sticky I literally feel like that sorry
about the screen being blurred inside
the transformation is coming soon the
gains are gonna be insane the richness
is the richness is gonna be insane is
that even a word but not oh stop it so
when I was saying to my transformation
video and you guys gonna be involved
with it it's gonna be because you guys
gonna start doing another transformation
with me and first place is gonna get X
amount of money second place is gonna
get X amount of money in third place I
already told you guys that before but
I'm being serious it's gonna have a meal
prep it's gonna have online coaching
it's gonna have everything that you guys
need it might work out step for step
breakdown some everything macros what
time I wake up - any time you have a
question I'm gonna have a team respond
to your person not a fucking machine
that's that we're going to Miami
probably I don't know moving tomorrow
can't wait to show you guys when you
place and then after that it's time to
go back to Miami for maybe like a week
or even two weeks just shoot pranks and
let me know in the comments where you
guys want to see me bring back like
which old pranks have so many new ideas
that I'm gonna do there but if you want
to see really really do a repeat a prank
let me know dude you know what in Miami
there's Everglades I really want to
wakeboard through there every way
yeah with all that wow that's the first
time I'm she's not like saying something
like Oh as dangers through the Gators so
lake full of Gators yeah I don't think
he knew that video there's so much to do
Miami Key West no I would never ever
want to go think it was because if I go
back to Key West
brings back memories when I did my
Russian hitman pranks 60 days your life
your choice I said in that jail for 60
days crazy they're pretty you do yeah
what do you guys think we should don't
bring together like both of us if we're
gonna do a prank together what I already
did don't look at my girlfriend I
started all I don't know I want to do
something bro slap a like on this video
I'm serious
I don't care what you're doing right now
I need a like thanks for all the
motivation guys have been giving me on
my Instagram saying that I'm motivating
go to the gym every day and stuff like
that it motivates me oh my god that's
traitors he made me order something I
wasn't that hungry so anyways guys get
ready the shits about to go in town but
yeah this is hilarious you brought this
to my house what is this breathe and I
always have people that you put whatever
they want I can write whatever and this
guy was like um can you please have
Vitali sign it to where should I sign it
on the booty right here do you live
question mark is in my signature and
then hold on I never seen any pictures
oh ma how do you follow a calendar when
you have a girl like this like how do
you even know the dates what the hell
you're gonna oh oh no way no way this is
you know wait this is you know are you
selling this to kids are you selling
this to kids look pretty good right here
Oh what I met him like after a few times
you hung out I have a calendar that I
signed to you that I put a special
this is my key we thought we're never
gonna hang out no no I was Austin's
thank you for watching I signed it yeah
enjoy calendar
don't don't don't beat your meat too
hard oh yeah by the way guys I look
freaking ridiculous to spray-tan but
honestly like I'll be honest with you on
vlogs like this I don't know what to
talk about
and I'll be honest with you then I'm
gonna tell you I don't know what to talk
about you guys we're in the process of
moving I'm stressed as you can see I
have to go through all this bullshit
guys I hate moving Thank You God to my
mom and Lana she's helping out so much
like I like I don't know you like guys
if you haven't followed me on Instagram
yet I've been responding to a lot of DMS
vitalyzdtv my twitter my facebook my
mostly my Instagram I'm responding to
everybody I'll be honest with you have
this long short which is this I'm gonna
cut it shorter I gotta go to bed I gotta
wake up at 6:00 my movers are coming at
8:00 a.m. tomorrow another big day
tomorrow for me of moving moving and
stressful I just need to relax my mind
my tan my gains and sleep tight guys
what's a breeze inspirational message
you can't appreciate the good unless you
see oh yeah actually that makes sense
but seriously guys give up and downs in
life like one day I wasn't feeling too
well thank you so much for watching your
life your choice do whatever the hell
you want start working out start doing
whatever new year new you every day is
new meet new villain new day new day new
villain do what you wanted to do in life
if you guys want something and you're
scared of go ahead and do it love you so
much thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you tomorrow that's weird I
