what's up villains welcome to another
video so today I'm gonna do something
super super crazy I'm so nervous I'm at
this tattoo shop on Hollywood Boulevard
right now I'm gonna prank my mom with it
yes that's right I'm gonna get a tattoo
on my forehead do you understand why mom
I was gonna do hold on
my mom is against tattoos not for
anybody just for me personally just like
don't get tattoos I'm promised I will
never get tattoos so when she sees that
especially on my forehead are you oh my
god dude rush to mom bro are you ready
for that
for a mom dude I put her through so much
I'm in advance I love you but we're
gonna prank you let's do this so we got
candy over here candy what we're doing
right now
Oh
Oh God
the Frank is on me I'm gonna get the
real picture how do you look who's
calling out of would she go out of all
the people I yo turn it on and turn it
on
hi mom how are you Jim nothing what
no no Tetsu I'll show you later yeah but
it does annoy squatter yep okay I'm
sorry mom it's for you I love you so
much I gotta go I gotta go I got a
continuous oh my god she keeps calling
me I'm coming I'm coming I'm coming
nothing what are you not doing nothing
right
nothing nothing no nothing you're
hallucinating ah I heard sister ah mom I
gotta call you back you get us to finish
yeah you guys ready for the reveal
I'm ready to see it oh my nice your mom
gonna kill you dude what are you
thinking Bree should we show up to her
house I'm scared ruff we have about that
hi guys thank you so much thank you guys
look she's non-stop texting me
what the fuck were you doing there are
you crazy answered the call you make you
make me angry now I can't show up like
this
are we really going to her house let's
go I'll kill you when I see you why'd
the fuck your ring in your face oh my
god oh my I saw something on your
forehead dude Oh answer no no no don't
answer yeah mom
what do you mean what I'm doing what
what are you talking about I'm fum yeah
right here I am I'm showing you my face
hi hi I'll see you in 10 minutes yeah
I'm coming she's gonna beat your ass
oh I think there's only one this is the
first time I've like met her - and you
didn't meet her yet no I know this is
like they're gonna be the first time and
she's gonna hate me let's go yet it's
hard to breathe
does it look real yeah definitely 21-7
oh my god no way I will kill you 100%
let's go
let me see I love you
are you fucking serious right now
sorry yeah totally the other what I love
you so much it's a brand deal somebody
pay me $100,000 to do it this tattoo
shop $100,000 yeah yeah I'm sorry the
tattoo shop says you playing no I'm not
are you fucking playing with me you know
do pretty much talk with you I suppose
that you obvious because the facility
that's it that just that's it I'm done
I'm fucking just
just like why smothers just smells give
her ha ha briea hard cuz she didn't do
anything
thank you I love you so much crazy like
why I was moving I was packing all day
that's that oh no no guys thank you so
much for watching this video if you like
this video give it a big thumbs up for
my mom your trooper I'm so sorry thank
you so much guys thumbs up for my mom
thank you so much for watching thank you
lea Thank You Bree for helping me this
was crazy
wait did you really believe what I said
it's a brand new you're like such a
piece of shit that's great I'll see you
guys tomorrow
the feed idea
