Villas welcome to another video I know
my up but it's pretty fucking crazy
right now oh my God look at all these
people looking about because we're
villains so right now we are gonna go
take this dopest Instagram picture and
once again thank you guys for coming
back and watching this video and you
know what if people tell you you really
have balls to do that it doesn't take
any ball be yourself see whatever you're
comfortable in bribery bribery with
where's mister where's mr. anonymous but
I gotta take this don't picture how do
you know people are looking at me and
these are not even my glasses so I can't
even see you guys right now thank you
very much you see if you be yourself
we'll get you more girls if you be
yourself life will be better stop
thinking what people think about you
it's your life it's your choice my
choice is to walk down in the road yeah
I look ridiculous but you know what this
is it's called fuck you money that's
what all right let's go get this picture
done yeah Leo you know what I'm thinking
about doing I'm thinking about doing a
prank where I go to girls in the road I
feel like it's your life your choice ten
seconds and the girls get it back what
do you have ten seconds for all right
Instagram picture number two we're gonna
choose look better right here
alright villains this Vegas trip came to
an end but the vlog hazard because we
started we're going to a crazy ass
concert right now you guys probably
already know I told you about rolling
loud it's an alliance in San Berdoo you
know whatever it doesn't matter I'm
gonna go see my favorite artist we're
gonna vlog for you guys and hopefully
wait a me hopefully it's gonna be
another epic vlog right we need a little
pick-me-up for our three-hour drive to
the festival I'll catch you guys on the
road right we just hope I run the park
come on that way no does it go faster I
never had so much fun in my life
see it's like I never even touched it
thank you sir have a good day
told you that espressos negative guys be
yourself like I said like that was so
awkward but it's like at this point I
don't know what okay I can't I can't do
anymore
you guys want to leave me some comments
and dare me to do something crazy dude
I'll see the level of sin how crazy it
is how legal it is not like you stop at
me it's legal oh dude what do you think
about the Frank I told you that I wanna
do in Vegas but hey you know a big I
think there's no word mr. anonymous the
Frank I told you about earlier do you
thing is gonna take over Vegas will
never be the same again
just hyping you guys up just hyping you
guys up and we're gonna clean this lens
though there's two people behind me do
you see we are not seeing it yeah
alright let's go come on the spot stop
looking at me smiling from far away
don't be scared to come up to me I know
I know you big ten minutes I was cool
whatever is just a little moment I
wanted to show you guys call him out put
him on the spot
like walking through the cosmopolitan I
had a source all right villains time to
say goodbye to displays bye
thank you for everything thanks for me
losing five years of my life thank you
for all the cash it was a great trip
overall successful trip I make it right
I guess what
so we have to stop to get gasps coughs
coughs gasps gosh and it's 40 degrees
outside and I asked my friend from the
festival that's waiting for me with my
band's be honest with me is it cold out
there she goes everybody's freezing and
as I told you guys before me going to
Vegas I was getting sick I cannot afford
getting sick before New Year's before
Christmas before the holidays so you
know what we're not gonna go guys you're
not eating this much it was gonna be the
closeable Andre summer and future
it's whatever it's not worth it so we're
gonna go and take you guys to Obama's
dinner because it's Sunday each day
night starts tomorrow let's go
Oh guys I don't know how but there you
told us not to look at us right away
right like right now all you guys can't
vlog in here Wow yo really damn just
like that I'm gonna come to eat for my
first time show you it's okay serious
about this right now
who died starts tomorrow
who absolu
all right villains I just got home holy
shit crazy five-hour drive dude the
babies killed me bro
the Vegas really killed me we got a lot
to talk about guess what we're going
next week we're going back to Miami all
week full of pranks that's why we're
gonna be killing the prank game eat your
booty got a such a great response you
don't want to miss Miami if you think
your nature but it was good it's already
a 10 million views watch what I'm gonna
do for you guys
mm agents gonna be crazy telling
censored it's a leaf it and also I have
to announce the winner for $1,000 cash
giveaway how are you gonna give $1,000
cash giveaway what do you mean by cash
giveaway yeah I'm not gonna have to
email you or any of those wire transfer
I'm gonna put it inside your shirt you
ready buddy Junior Martinez you have
$1,000 thank you so much for ordering my
birch and if you haven't got your DICOM
I gotta move this week we're moving next
week dude they've got so much going on I
can't wait to live tomorrow do two days
with no gain I'm not the same anymore
I'm shaking but seriously guys thank you
for all your daily support dances this
weather killed me my lips are so chapped
ah hi guys I'm exhausted I'm gonna go to
bed tomorrow another epic video thank
you so much for watching it's your life
your choice do it or the fuck you want
in this life and I'll see you tomorrow
does she die yet
