look how calm it is I'll be a great dad
Aubrey what's up what's up villains
welcome to another vlog and I know all
the time what happened to your fucking
boys yes I partied last night but look
at this so hot but it's freezing last
night I want a lot of money today we're
gonna keep gambling and I'm gonna
announce the winner for $1,000 in
today's vlog at the end so make sure you
stick around and watch hi love hi Tony
what's up brother I was I'm sorry how
the magic with me is dude you brought
him in for winning so much money last
night I like I want but I'm gonna keep
gambling mr. anonymous how are you for
real
all right villains so I'm out $12,000
right now and it's gonna be crazy and
you know what I figure if I lose
everything
putting rolling stone II red or black my
Rolex red all right what do you think of
course it's always red look at this but
hey what's this place called by the way
not a brand deal mr. anonymous exile
fuck you show you big slut on that hello
that's on you so are you still on that
trial for raping that little kid
with some hoes anyway or how do the
judge let you go yeah Barry I don't
think that's how you guys make awkward
things in the elevator you're just
saying ridiculous random stuff I don't
believe in rape only surprise sex
surprise sorry I just me on the regular
daily basis have a wonderful and great
day
you too thank you very much breathe do
you think Degas is a ratchet-ass place
to get married do they not know knocking
oh don't you ever say that again
never in my life I will marry you what
what do you think about Vegas and what
what do you think about people getting
married in Vegas is that ratchet or not
what go for it stop so why so I can
stuff guys in a few previous vlogs I
wasn't mean to breathe but it's I want
to throw toilet kick you miss me yeah
you can do all this to me but you're not
doing anything sorry
how do you forgive me yes thank you all
right guys a mr. anonymous Tony 12 on
black 12000 on black wish it was Ray
what do you think
should have done that just optin yeah
dolly Oh
right wait what happened you never do
what it's that's why my mom says when
you win when you win always go home
twelve thousand on black in one hand and
it's done I love that like it's your
life your choice don't listen to your
parents my mama says you're up you're up
go home go home and I didn't listen to
her by anyways I'm still giving $1000
giveaway this is your thousand dollars a
year so whoever wins this whoever wins
this he's gonna win thousand dollars and
maybe girls come to Vegas and stuff I
saw so many comments you guys bought my
emerge so much my I couldn't sleep my
phone was ringing all my so thank you
for that so at the end of this video
I'll announce the winner so I'll let you
know how it goes
bye guys and if you want to know why I
won during classes because I got bags
under my eyes because I did sleep but
I'm just so exhausted because I haven't
triggered so long and I don't know look
at the freaking life for this X lot I
understand it was like a sluts like free
slots hey we give it out free slots
there would be a good lie but look at
this
not kidding we're gonna go about we need
to get juice because Tony's dying guys
this is what Vegas do to you 24 hours in
Vegas is more than enough and I lost
like 20 years of my life right yeah
swear you're across my room I saw you
just open the door I was so everybody
was sleeping I'm up pulling all nighter
I hope and I was like maybe these guys
want a party and I close the door and
all that gives like is that Vitaly all
right so before we eat that eggslut
burger we got to go to a juice bar why
do we have to go to a juice bar why
because rejuvinate job do they have
cocking sandwich yeah Tony turn 40
dollar day you can't handle the alcohol
like we did when we first met I retired
when I met you I came out of retirement
and then I was done bro oh that looks so
delicious it's gonna be so good all
right
bro I lost so much money can I have at
least five dollars so I can start
gambling again losing money I'm ready
and ways alcohol
oh my god
oh I want another one
why do you want to bring me inside I
lost all my money I'm negative for my
bank account I lost $20,000 rillette all
on black 21 hand so let me ask you
something what I got something nice here
for $20,000
oh so this is how much 120 mm it's what
I can afford
I hold on Keenan place amigos so like
two three years ago when Floyd
Mayweather used to fight like a key or
Madonna or whatever all these names I
used to go to these fights for free I
love Italian because I want I won yes I
won I wanted to get the tickets the
tickets were like $2,000 each
okay for me and my friend which is a
courtesan total and then that would be
like an investment so the last for Floyd
Mayweather fights I went for free mr.
anonymous called me yesterday says y'all
let's go shopping
I'm not going shopping and he just like
I should have went shopping guys lesson
learned life goes on I know it's a lot
of money some people are going crazy so
much money but I'm keeping my head up
keeping my head up sometimes you win
sometimes you lose in life guess what
I'm still doing a thousand dollar
giveaway for you guys stick around to
the end of the vlog and find out who won
all right villains so we just got this
nice beautiful burger this is Jeff by
the way my name that I got an argument I
call him some names that I should
so I have to apologize but it's not it
my boy open the fucking jam and you know
what that means that's cool gain season
what's your gym called smash our babies
come check it out few guys in Vegas go
save it Sally you get a free membership
villains you thought I had a nice room
look at this fucking mr. anonymous huh
uh-huh Wow now I feel like a peasant oh
oh there's two floors no way for real
yeah holy shit
this is insane yo how much is the room I
know so is this their best room at the
cosmo holy shit I'm just realizing how
big it is I'm like thinking we're in the
hallway of the lobby what do you think I
think it's freaking stupid hey let's go
here
holy shit it's cool - go go go go
so there's a hot tub so this is what the
pool party happens and you can literally
be up to girls like this how you fuckin
crazy guys here a lot of good djs so now
I know I'm saying next time was this
heated Oh bring a girl 4 o'clock in the
morning here in Vegas this is the live
people this is the life work hard play
hard well we're not in the season this
has one of the like the deadliest
weekends in Vegas because before
Christmas before New Year's but the room
I gave them 11 out of 10 not bad so
there's now one balcony there's two
what's going on Oh a nice little zipline
right into Bellagio wait
but I what are you touching in there for
I'm trying to watch midget porn on the
mirror all a touchscreen and like always
you fucking have to cock pocket not
village and this shower and it's a stamp
92 moved in a new place and nothing she
would buy this house in 2018 this is all
glass right in Vegas
yeah what do you don't bathroom look at
this thing that's the cutest baby ever
since business you might have your baby
it is I'm gonna walk away holy shit did
you film it alright well I was twenty
thousand number 3000 I got 17 to go guys
Wow alcohol like your stock thank you so
much for watching this video I have a
gun comment yet it's so hectic in Vegas
tomorrow promise Joe will announce the
winner for $1,000 look at this you guys
probably wondering what the fuck are you
wearing Vitaly find out in tomorrow's
vlog and if you haven't follow me on
Instagram yet because EDTV I'm about to
go take a dope-ass photo thank you guys
on all your daily supporting if you
haven't got your merchants villains
never die calm thank you guys for all
your daily support but you need to give
me some likes guys slap a fucking like
what is this out of your day announcing
the winner tomorrow for $1,000 tomorrow
it's gonna be a crazy blog crazy it's
your life your choice do whatever the
fuck you want in this life work hard
play harder
thank you guys I'm seriously thank you
for everything without you I wouldn't be
right now so you guys smashed a hundred
thousand likes on that video yeah and I
wasn't kidding two hundred fifty
thousand likes on this video oh I'm
going to chandelier sorry Cosmo hi
I love you I'll see you tomorrow Jessie
Tanya
