come on we need to get Leo lay what's up
villains welcome to another video holy
shit we woke up obviously already worked
out and all your love and support on the
daily videos are fucking phenomenal this
day actually came Leo what you don't
know what they came no let me make a
phone call
facetiming breathe oh you're not
answering mm-hmm yo you ready we have to
leave to Vegas in the next 20 minutes
all right well you got 20 minutes I'll
see you at my house in 30 minutes 20
minutes I give you 30 we're leaving a
week
I'm kidding we're going like for one
night or two nights you don't need any
clothes just going like comfortable
clothes and then for tonight we're not
gonna maybe not do anything or maybe we
will so just bring a dress or two and
that's it that's all you need huh one
down one to go
only Tony you remember we got a hundred
thousand likes on that video you know
what we have to do right why are you
laughing yeah this is why would you be
naked bro you ready we're headed to
fucking Vegas let's go
get ready let's go you smell this you
smell it what does it smell like some of
this power
it smells like fucking power we got six
thousand dollars I just pulled out like
way more money for my thousand dollars
no because I'm bringing you guys along
everywhere with me so it's not like sure
no I'm just letting you know I'm gonna
go gamble with six thousand dollars and
I'm gonna be honest if I lose everything
I'm gonna tell you but when I went that
20k fourteen fortune goes into my pocket
I'm home at a sherry I'm gonna do a
thousand dollar giveaway if I won
$20,000 and you guys will find out today
in today's vlog so make sure you watch
this vlog till the end and if you
haven't subscribed yet subscribe my name
is Vitaly I upload every day and we got
the freshest content on YouTube and
we're not Disney shit you know we don't
do PG stuff with the crazy we go to
Vegas to blow money Tony what are we
doing 500 on black I'm on black you're
on red bro that's that's been read as a
lucky number red is like it's like it
gives you a liar is it can we're not
gonna leave them obviously or maybe a
little bit with definitely sending
hookers to your room I promise you that
but not fuckin not a disgusting spot
guys know if we're gonna be driving five
hours on the highway we need a cop
detector activated look at this
dedication right now leo is uploading
the vlog on a hot spot driving on the
way to Vegas because we're not stopping
yo I showed you my 30 minutes of Italian
censor ro that she just fired who's been
telling you
oh no it's okay actually she could be
one of the girls because she has nice
does oh you guys basically this
battalion says there's gonna be a whole
bunch of cute topless girls pranking for
me and with me and it's gonna be like
great she might be not be happy but I
did text oh he was like breeze the type
of a cool girl that she wouldn't care
yep even if I did Chang is Carrie
yo guys if you want to see Vegas from
other viewers come on we need to get Lea
Lea come on right hookers leashes out of
luck
damn sorry another night yeah
hi Bree on the last time you worked here
mr. anonymous how are you
so I think the most money I lost was
this cuisine Oh cousin Paulette no MGM
Grand
wha-what are you heard about 6000 on
read that one day you're like I'm gonna
get 12,000 Tony cut me off after a
thousand I'm done
Nona hold on one more hand mm no no no a
little more hand I've have four no no
one more hand I was like bro stop stop
by your head and then that last one like
I should I do it don't hurt mom it's not
true after five hours driving finally I
can stretch the vagus smell the biggest
gambling yeah let everybody know I'm
here dude I was literally on the way
here getting sick I was getting sick my
nose and stuff Tony I walked in I talk I
just smell just attend oh wow
come on
yeah that what are you doing checking on
the jeans of course good lucky just got
to a room oh my god yo mr. anonymous you
fuckin hooked it up thank you so much
all right no problem look at this baby
oh yeah Oh enjoy guys what it's nice
right we gotta get a dope picture
tomorrow but the rumors ain't bad check
this out guys
oh nice little sweet eyes little
wraparound oh yeah your Snickers ready
you get me back oh yeah the bag the bag
good one good one cookie one cookie one
cookie
hmm headed to dinner right now and
things about to be crazy damn this
camera it doesn't do any justice like
the other camera doc goddamn Bri you
look hot like always
Oh show the legs show off the legs it's
ugly are you good Leonardo Leonardo
that's this layer of Leonardo asking
what do you think he's cute girl yo
prank guys it just it gets you a hundred
thousand likes I'm jumping in of those
you guys it's so long for tonight Vitaly
and it's nobody's birthday the nose is
getting Wow Jeff yeah
when you come to Vegas it's a little
expensive I got a little fucking treat
of sushi $600 later I didn't want to
show that but Leo's like they like that
type of shit do you guys 600 bucks plus
$200 to $800 dinner work hard play
harder a little present from the hotel
Wow
tequila that wasn't giving you hangover
not a problem villains I don't haven't
uploaded of long like this in a long
time where you see tipsy drunk fatality
but I'm getting drunk and if you're not
a rage of drinking obviously I'm not
inspiring us to drink and stuff but I
haven't had a drink in so long that I'm
allowed to have fun I'm allowed to get
loose we're gonna gamble we don't lock
the whole experience that's what you
just be true to you guys because I'm
gonna show you I could have easily hit
and said I didn't drink
I think gamble I was a good boy Vegas no
I was showing you guys my true self I'm
in Vegas I am gonna have fun and you
guys gonna have fun with me by coming
along let's go I'm gonna go in the first
hand and the second hand I'm gonna give
you a $500 and you're gonna pick a
colour of your choice right or black and
then we'll just go from there and if you
win you keep it in a few loads you lose
ready look at this amazing you Lea I've
ever seen you have to smile yeah I do
I've never seen anything like this I
don't know I don't know Gosselaar don't
look at this guys this is what I see
all right villains so we just go back to
the room because Leo Leo I keep telling
you trying to film it so I started with
$600 601 two three four five six one two
three four five six seven eight
9 I'm up $900 in 10 minutes
not bad at all - dinner was $600
yo've Italia yeah now put a finish no
what did you say oh you have a now try
to finish the blog oh shit all right
I'm not gonna lie I got pretty late last
night that's right but I did win $6,000
I guess what in the next 24 hours who
orders my virtual villains never die
dot-com I'm announcing the winner
tomorrow for $1,000 that's right my
merch is excellent what you're gonna get
$1,000 thank you guys so much for
watching
it's your life your choice sorry guys a
long time I'm back in a lie truth is
always better
yeah of course but the real guys thing
just so much support on my vlog thank
you for everything make sure you slap a
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
good idea
