what do you mean sucks
we headed to Netflix set right now a
Netflix show that I'm shooting can't say
the name can say nothing I was gonna
shoot another finger prank for you guys
today like some people
I was having figured out what we're
gonna do for New Year's honestly i think
the best for us is to go is to go to
Miami because that can eat your booty
video got 9 million fucking views and
there's so many other prank ideas that I
told you about in my hand me but it's
not suitable in LA I love all you told
me hey just have a conversation with
your people like you're having a
conversation and then when I asked him a
question that's not how you really talk
yeah I'm gonna put you on the spot talk
like you would talk to me yeah I'm not
sure I know I've been hyping you guys
for a while but I promise you guys that
my fit programs gonna come out it's
gonna be cash prizes I'm basically gonna
be doing a challenge with the fillings
which is you guys if you want to change
your life around it's gonna be the first
place I can place third place and
wherever it gets first place it gets X
amount of cash that can play X amount of
guys
garage and the rest prices blah blah
blah what is it be great
ready to block the glass
oh my gosh like stop for a second did
you record that yes that was all owner
Cory
we got a little killer like camera I
cannot believe that Homer just happened
you go you know what would have been
fine there's a chalk block this no but
no I wasn't going that fast why did we
slide my brakes oh and you know what
what you know what hold on you keep
recording this right yeah I knew that
something like that is gonna happen for
the fucking vlog
I knew something's gonna happen like
that kids don't ever do that way you
know what I just realize if that truck
wasn't there and that barrier wasn't
there we would have flew off I even sent
it you got you see ready yeah went out
there's gonna be probably so many
comments fling your stupid fuck at
honest that I am was stupid five because
I didn't expect a fucking rocket sir I
said my dog like all right villains I
just wanted to let you guys know I'm so
sorry about this and I didn't expect the
semi-truck to cut me off like not really
cut me off he was in his Lane that was
my stupidity I admit it I hope nobody
drives like me even though I watch a lot
of fucking videos online how people like
how not to drive because how people
crash I literally sped up and I was so
confident and I want to saw the truck I
think that's what made me freak out and
I slammed on my brakes so instead of
like I thought I'm gonna come to a
complete stop but since I pressed the
brakes
I went sliding and I kind of saved it if
we did crash but wouldn't know that's
how my trucks wouldn't flip from the
g-wagen or you could have
watch this look all jokes aside
hopefully nobody get inspired like this
like I was being stupid it was in the
moment it was cool not definitely have a
cool it's not even a clickbait we almost
died yeah we almost died mom I'm sorry
if you're watching this anybody was
watching this I will never do that again
lesson learned it's not the roads to
joke around on we're fine we're okay
that's never gonna happen again sorry
guys let's continue to look Oh guys no
service right now I don't know where I'm
going this is definitely off-roading
look at this like we've been driving
like this for four miles and look
there's no service and when the way
we're not supposed to go because the
other one was blocked off nice fucking
house guys you guys couldn't pick a
better location literally I mean this
car is meant right for that yeah oh my
god yeah we're looking to cliff all
right village so we just got on sad yo
Tony so you know how I told you Oh
momma's died yeah
bro why was he filming and why are you
looking at the cameras I told him you
guys want to see how I'm was diet coming
here look at this oh my god mr. Veidt an
inch sorry that was stupid guys don't
ever do that again thank you very much
thanks guys I'm here instead I'm still
alive and we're gonna make a don't
fucking know what the best part about
set is free food check out this I don't
know but you're vegetarian so fucking
eat your cabbage last night he told me
he's like um you can't eat chocolate
you're on a diet
yeah that's so mean I mean if a person
needs it I'd rather be honest than lying
I always play always playing alert logs
my manager village.com
get your fucking merch now we're good it
piece of chicken
it's probably in lemon butter sauce
lifehack lemon sauce oh my gosh that
lemon butter lemon sauce that's what I
tell myself
miss your arm oh my god Charlie you're
gonna be the next actor with the sexual
harassment allegations oh my god shut up
the kibriya go take a picture of us no
it's okay it's okay take a picture of us
now
whoa holding this now push the button no
no have your hand right there and now
have your hand up
watch what happens is all hold the
button here okay now somebody I know
it's a little crazy you know what's more
beautiful I say you know what they say
right well good fats is good for you
yeah and look at also read the label
what else is in this cane sugar how many
grams of sugar now only three but yeah
this is really bad for you actually
yes eat the whole thing miss me denied
stop it
it's you're gonna choke what are you
doing oh my god that's disgusting take
it out of your mouth you know how I told
you law of attraction travels it really
does guys what's your name again
Robin like my idol Robin yes we knighted
2015 and he sent a message to Tony they
read hey Sonia I know you're a busy guy
my name is Robin and I'm a firing social
media content creator I'm reaching out
to you because I'm more than willing to
assist and serve you for fun and work
forum for free I would like to surround
myself with a technical environment or
what it takes to produce good social
media content
I admire environment talent your
surround yourself with maybe you could
point towards the right direction thanks
for reading Tony
well Tony never fucking read working on
something cool and breed just standing
there I've been sober for like 22 days
now and I feel awesome because I was
actually looking for these guys for like
D blocks I was about to give up you know
to talk too much today and I was just I
wasn't feeling advice oh yeah he was
just telling about how he went to a
meeting let's wish him luck bro whoa
so whatever you guys set your mind so or
just believe it's gonna happen is gonna
happen not like saying this could be
filled and I wasn't trying to be a dick
no it just happened I usually yeah he
and she gets he gets so many the other
day hey do you tally had a bigger rack
and longer hair you would've got it to
me quicker all right
$20 of $20 one of the things filming
Hollywood movies or shows you sit on the
for 12 hours
wondering how games look like this is
how games look like Oh games guys
pathetic
something that are hopefully I wonder
did you get that guy be do you know what
games were ok games is like a its
lifestyle growing as a person growing as
the best fucking to ever be erroneously
updates to be fucking smart the best in
the game gains over everything
Oh gains aren't just like working out no
games is lifestyle dude I'm tired of
your fucking shit you fucking you
disrespecting me on set again I told you
three times now it's time for a picture
if you haven't follow me on instagram
vitalyzdtv and make sure you slap a like
on this video because your support means
a lot for real guys thanks for 80 days
I just wanted to bring you out here just
show people how beautiful this is mmm
doesn't count for the calories right if
it's off her face leo
now we can enjoy this beautiful moment
and let's roll the montage how we're in
love
no didi fatehpur oh my god
alright villains I just got home from a
crazy crazy crazy leg workout I did not
skip a leg day Leah if I'm working kind
of like whatever tomorrow I did not take
it up to but okay okay I'm going to bed
I promise but for real guys thank you so
much for watching coming back for these
daily vlogs every day I had a long day
on set you guys smashed 100,000 likes on
the other vlog with me and Bri so we
might be heading to Vegas leaving been
in Vegas never been invade ho ho my boy
get ready for some prostitutes in your
face and kidding we're not doing that
because we're good battalion censored
what'd you think about the clubs that I
showed you
oh I've never seen anything like it
oh you promise promise it's it's
definitely what I bring it up no it's
not another level for sure I don't think
they're ready alright alright battalion
sensors coming in the beginning of New
Year's or maybe Christmas time which is
in like ten days probably beginning of
New Year's I promise you guys something
you never seen before pranks on another
level and I know I'm hyping it up and I
know I'm gonna talk more about it when
it gets closer but for now we're gonna
shock the whole YouTube we're gonna
shock everybody the talent sets are
coming soon if you haven't got your
mercy at villains never die calm the
link in the description stop description
the hoodies are fired the hats are fire
I don't know what else to say it's your
life your choice guys don't let anybody
tell you what to do do whatever you want
if you guys want to work out and make
some gains going to do it nobody's
stopping you it's all in your mind
switch it like this like if you wake up
sad and you want to be happy it's in
your own your mind I used to be sad
everyday but then I was like why why
life is great life is beautiful just
the life is really good Lia is it good
it's good when I have fucking villains
like this supporting me every day guys
thank you so much
tomorrow I might shoot a prank am I not
with my vlog when I shoot a prank with
my vlog with my frame I don't know come
back tomorrow and find out and if you
haven't subscribed yet make sure you hit
the subscribe button and become a
villain thank you so much for watching
hit that thumbs up button whoa
I cannot wait to show you my
transformation video next month - but
come back tomorrow and find out love you
guys so much
the Soudan yo
