I didn't mean like see like that I'm
gonna call my mama you can apologize
what's up villains welcome to another
video so today's video is gonna be very
interesting this video is from four
months ago what did I do
I flew to a different state to confront
and expose a hater that's right all this
internet warrior is talking shit just to
take a look at the video and you find
out for yourself
what's a villain so today we're doing
something different we're gonna prank
haters and expose them how I'm gonna do
that
so I sent 25 hate comments with 25
YouTube username channels to my Russian
hacker friend and I got a help of this
website that I'm gonna say names do you
find these people addresses these haters
and I will always wonder what would
happen is the cross paths or induct on
their house what would happen in these
comments they don't bother me but let's
see what they have to say about these
comments I'm gonna expose the comments
to their face these are the names I
found the hate comments that are in
Europe and stuff I'm not gonna go fly
there it's gonna be domestic we got a
couple stops we got a Utah Texas Idaho
and Ohio let's see what they have to say
or my face to face
oh shit yo they put the camera down the
tree doesn't see us go where alright
guys I don't know where he's gone I mean
he had a backpack
I hope school whatever he's going I'm
catching him there I just want to get
caught be like wait is I Vitaly follow
him so this guy got on the highway I
still can't believe I'm in Utah you done
look at his beautiful mountains ah here
you go
that's him we're following you baby even
if you driving to Miami Florida from
Utah I'm following you I need to know
did you mean to say that just about my
mom oh well first of all you're gonna
have to apologize to her if that's
anything right you mean you're gonna
talk shit about my mom you're gonna have
to apologize
I'm gonna ask it I'm gonna asking for
directions
we can't lose him let's go I'm gonna ask
you for directions I see a little key
see lookie excuse me man
yo do you know where the cafeteria you
know the cafeteria
what yeah what's up how are you I don't
know I guess just chillin looking for
you what's up yeah
actually quick questions your username
come on be honest he's not your username
say the truth come on
you left me at common your mom is
annoying as fuck but I was still banger
really bro yeah to actually find you I'm
literally looking what do you have to
say why did you come today so you're my
friend yeah do you like my videos or
you're a hater I'm not you know I'm not
a hater like that I'm sorry I didn't
mean like see like that hold on one
second I'm gonna call my mom I'm gonna
call my mom and you know apologize is
that cool yeah
yeah hello mom yes I remembered that
comment that I went to Utah for the one
says he wants to bang you and stuff yeah
he has something to say you still want
to bang my mom I just want to say I'm
sorry for saying that I didn't expect
anybody to come I hear yeah you got a
good son defending you come on you I
said this apology he's actually a nice
guy
so you're sorry I'm sorry miss elaina
sorry miss elaina yeah hi mom
awesome she's like mixed a finger all
right well thanks mom bye I brought well
no I did at school I didn't think it's
gonna be you in the house I waited for
hours outside of your house like a creep
that's crazy
what sure sure right okay I bro nah dude
dude cool ass thanks for apologizing and
yeah that's up that's hilarious
told you we got it yo we gotta go we
gotta go
villains if you enjoyed this video leave
as many likes as possible in this video
let's get this video so I don't know
100,000 likes because I forget 100,000
likes I'm gonna fly to different states
and expose the rest of those haters I
already picked out the comments already
picked out their addresses and I'm gonna
go and fly out and do it it's gonna be
awesome
I could start a whole series with that
so if you diggin this videos make sure
you leave a like come with your favorite
part leave your favorite part also
villains never die knock on merch hats
hoodies insurance link in description
below but for now I'm gonna go lift so
I'll see you guys tomorrow
that's your diet
