then one more hey what's up I want to do
for trespass
what's up villains welcome to another
video oh my god there's gonna be a very
interesting day I don't know if you guys
seen the disaster artist disaster
artists it's a movie with James Franco
Seth Rogen I'm gonna recreate one of the
scenes oh well like the most epic scene
and like Tony tell them about the movie
like in three words what was the room
room was like the worst movie ever made
awful acting and then James Franco redid
the movie talking about it
but Ali's gonna reenact the scene that
James Franco reenacted from the room so
it's like Inception like level with the
level within level it's gonna be great
yeah it's in a funny thank you guys for
enjoying it yesterday vlogs with
Skywalker it was crazy today's gonna be
a very interesting day this week is
gonna be crazy so make sure you
subscribe guys if you haven't subscribe
you click subscribe now to turn your
post notifications on we're gonna
recreate the room scene from all right
cool I'll see you there bye that was a
good catch now I can finally call my
side chick yeah we're thinking
that's cool yeah well with the thing
it's not all relaxing yeah this is
enough pressure he can we don't have a
boom is like phone I mean are you with
the company though yeah yeah I'm making
an Instagram video it is this for to
promote the movie watch it relax okay
what I did not hit her it's not true
it's bullshit
I did not hit her I did not oh hi mark
one more so they put a set over here to
take pictures and make videos and the
security is taking us out for doing
something fun for it like yeah we're
we're committing a crime whoa let's go
take a hundred and seven I hate her no
redoing god dammit
take honey I did not hit her it's not
true it's bullshit I did not hit her I
did not
oh hi mark one more hey what's up and
we're good for trespass for what don't
fucking yell at me okay fucking Mountain
time you leave the pilot robot bro
beauty of what happened fuck is this
made to fill four people okay yeah what
it's not it's not it's not baby how are
you thanks of properties I say I see
millions people you look cute fucking
robot
whatever you tell your managers those
who you do yeah
oh goodness good good this this is what
I mean well guys look at the robots
three robots Robocop's the set is made
to film and they kick it guys have you
seen robots in your life the walking
robots sadboys you guys look cute you
should give him a kiss oh you guys want
a gang date see ya I'm a nice guy
wouldn't be mad but when the sets made
for something to do and you do that
I just great hi villains I know it was a
little mean to them probably but no I
wasn't I'm frustrated because that set
is made for people to take pictures of
him oh we can film on an iPhone but not
a professional camera it's not a
professional camera it's just a little
fucking DSLR what do you bring a rad or
whatever but now I seriously look at the
look at that because
I mean I'm waiting for the cops I'm not
scared I was in the in shoes film have
fun guys
I'm not fucking selling drugs or going
like you know it's raining sorry guys I
was really weird
this video is not a brand deal if you
guys have never had never seen this
movie it's fucking hilarious I love it
if I can james franck it kills a honest
it's like the movies look like chasing
dreams and they're really chased it me
and Tony are gonna do a movie next year
all two movies might be the new
generation of so bad guys DM Tommy or
comment on his the recent picture here's
an Instagram and be like you need to do
a video with Vitaly come on guys you see
the Instagram I know I believe you guys
you think you'll do it okay villains so
I got a sweet - sweet tooth that means
you know what I want sweet but I got to
this place they have ice cream and
literally I'm gonna get dark chocolate
macaroon and that's probably like 150
calories 200 it's not healthy right what
is this it tastes like there's like
spinach inside but you ain't a daughter
can I please get dark chocolate mark
alright so I want to consider is this
cheating rewrite no it's not it's good
for you I eat this every day man look it
I finally have a sweatshirt yeah well
I'm taking that back no this girl does
whatever the hell she wants she just
take stuff from me whatever hitting the
gym after back it doesn't stop you guys
so many sir graphic sure if you ever
follow me on instagram follow me right
now Batali's EDTV oh and
you got to plug the merge villain
ever.com right now guys Shopify is going
crazy right now
see we ran out of the gold ones they
don't want it now people are complaining
McCorvey tell them mr. gold ones get it
right now before this collar is gone
get it right now can you shut up on
people and I want a special
let's put brie to test policy she's
gonna pay for this
it was pretty faces okay I'm serious
I've got
right
Tigger thanks agree I love you whoa are
you gonna get one I've done but I'm not
paying for yours I sound like a baby
like you thank you honey
you should pay for Tony's do this why
she's a keeper I know this I myself
comments gold digger but she ain't a
gold digger sometimes not even have to
ask sometimes she just stays and went to
last them girl fate for me in 1989 when
I wasn't born so the ice cream I just
got is size one he has 137 calories I
don't know how 137 calorie a little bit
of sugar
we got carbs so good still gonna have
the best six-pack I've ever had in my
life
mark my word next month transformation
you serious can you pee that was my idea
to come here you paid for him
how much was it there that's like 20
minutes on Craigslist thanks great thank
you so much
where you see me for real see I'm a Good
Samaritan he's going to give us a nice
to
you're amazing for that if this is why I
love you
looks like we made out no I'm fucking
serious
so Brees been making these noises
breathing so now if you watching this
every time I cursed we're gonna hear
that sound so where to crop the sound
out so now it's like dude I can't
believe that mother did it just got to
my mom's house and once again say hi mom
hello look at that pure freakin games on
the way to look like Skywalker
Wow I said keep it simple and she's
still decorating thank you very much
these games don't stop villains there's
not enough room on the counter so I'm
gonna start closing the boxes but check
the sod this is crazy
this is just straight-up games like
thank you so much mom you'd understand
she's a little sick I don't want no this
is fat this is good fat like you have to
have this what do you think about the
red villains who even know this is
really you should want more color guys I
was gonna tell you like sometimes there
is your Commons in these saying like hey
like don't you have another shirt so he
weren't seeing shirts oh no no his be
lanced billions of shirt but they all
same kind of brand and same color so I
cannot change him unfortunately he looks
so good in different colors good job
good job
no because this bothers me people
thinking like he's wearing like dirty
clothes or something he changed his
shirts like meme on three times a day
you don't even know how much yeah
finally
all right villains just leaving my mom's
house every New Year's I told myself I
will never fucking celebrate New Year's
in California why batali why first of
all New Year's is my favorite holiday we
Russians
I was a little kid I was celebrating my
mom let me stay up til 9 a.m. with her
while I was like 20 years old and should
I tell him you let me even drink beer at
that age she beat me with a fucking belt
oh my god where should I go
Dubai been there so many times I want to
go to Dubai Dubai South Africa what's
another place she will never been to
Thailand Thailand it's so freaking dope
it's so beautiful the water is so
delicious the full moon party is so
crazy I do not know where to go I'm
definitely not celebrate New Year's here
because I wanna clock 1:30 in the
morning everybody's eating pizza and
going to bed like you would like New
Year's is my favorite freakin holiday
I'm Natalie it's like I'd rather
celebrate New Year's than my birthday
let me know where I should go for New
Year's but for now mom thank you so much
for everything seriously I'm like
getting ripped by the day right now I'm
sitting my triceps is getting yeah I
feel it if you haven't got your merch
yet villains never die calm the link in
description no I always promote it but
yo you guys gonna become a villain and
not give a shit and live life to the
fullest because it's only one life she
gave it to me and I still don't listen
to her because it's my life I don't tell
you what to do because it's yours so you
do whatever you want about me leave me
alone there's face
you know there's some shit she told me
to do and I didn't listen to her and
then I regret it so I give you props for
that but other than that don't listen to
your parents bye mark
alright villains I just got home and
I've been living here for a year and a
half and this is my first time at the
port check it out show me I thought we
got bri-bri pull this porky deep
I'm gonna go there is the show what do
you think I think you're stupid you guys
not a smart idea another four feet if
people don't believe show on the sign
this guy's chillin I'm about to ring do
you even swim bro what are you doing No
I didn't touch the floor but at least
some people care about me villains never
die copy immersion a link in the
description because we're the craziest
that's right
oh by the way you're wondering why I'm
wearing a shirt because gains can't show
the games and the police kita it feels
amazing and just wait until my Instagram
picture that I'm gonna take during the
day I'm gonna jump sideways and I'm
gonna put a slice of pizza here itza
like that I feel thank you so much for
watching this video I'll see you guys
tomorrow
once again thanks for everything thanks
for your comments thanks for your love
and tomorrow's gonna be a crazy day I
love you too Daniel
