what what oh my gosh yeah party foul
it's not party pal it's called I'm an
animal
what's up villains welcome to another
video and as you can see I'm so fucking
happy right now cuz you guys don't know
who's behind the camera now what leo is
filming Leah ain't goin nowhere
today's gonna be a very interesting vlog
Skywalker come here motherfucker the
myth the man the legend brought this
guy's an inspiration I was crazy
the first Vitaly video I'd never seen
was fight four or five years ago this
fucking do you even lift video and at
that time I didn't even lift so I was
watching this video I was like wow you
know this guy's fuckin with all these
jib douchebags doesn't give a fuck you
know yeah and then my friend message me
he's like bro look at this guy look at
his aesthetic I followed him an eidm
them and he Dione me back and now he
gave me his diet he shit why don't you
show him again so just just take this
off about this shirt guy we're going to
Gold's Gym the mecca of bodybuilding in
Venice and I'm about to take off my
hoodie and you be honest last time I
seen Vitaly was about like ago three
weeks ago yeah he was in pretty decent
shape you know and those are dia he made
up before and after video right I'm
really nervous yeah look at this
juiciness bro so you look all this shit
is new bro see this that delt sir are
you serious we turn to the side bro move
your arm back see that rear delt
operation bro I changed I look different
dude bro
for sure more shredded no home about
home oh fuck you just take off your
shirt oh I thought you're gonna no I
can't show him cuz I'm waiting for my
transformation I know it's gonna be like
three dudes like ever God my rainbow I'm
just like
hiring everyone just Bob no what do you
think show me your background show me
those games to the back fuck man you're
crazy dude when it comes down to you
know I'm saying people are always gonna
judge you because they don't know who
you are and like what you came from but
I was a skinny guy but I used to be not
fit either you know I'm saying but we
can go out there and have fun
fucking stringers to do what we want
that's what the life-size about you
don't have any fuck your bros dobro
we're headed to Gold's Gym let's go hi
I'm villains before our workout we're
gonna eat huh
Italian do the Tabasco challenges and
chug this entire bottle novel bro tell
them why we're eating this everything
work right here we got some whole-wheat
pasta and we got some meatballs and I'm
saying trying to get a little free
workout meal and you know for the carbs
and proteins help us fuel our bodies to
use worked out some extra fuel you know
those travelers titties
so what kind of music do you listen to
what's up before the gym yeah before the
gym I got you man
okay so you would you understand me
right now
you said rustic Jim I'm ready to go to
the gym and hit some shoulder isn't
really excited about it
you said do we have to do 15 to 20 reps
you're wrong I'm asking for happy ending
babe
Oh happy
hi bra this is good but I need the one
more let's make it three come on one
more so long one where's the wall not
one more song one more song for the
viewers I feel like listen to any heart
stop yeah yeah yeah I realize like what
do you mean my heart like drama
you guys smoke in you about to go to the
gym no we already hit the gym already
hit the gym hits the ball well you want
to hit a block that's the question
you guys ready how you guys ready to see
how drink my pre-workout you ready I got
on the villany mm wait wait what's the
trick
it's okay weed is not bad if you guys
don't know in California it's legal and
I still have free workouts all around my
mouth your question what's your name bro
miles I go by Shawn black Shawn black
Shawn white from black Shawn Oren listen
so you know this guy you called him a
legend he isn't he is away how'd you
discover him
I pretty much discovered John Skywalker
on fucking Instagram bro he's just one
of the most shredded concepts on there I
mean like I saw him fucking around with
left side and fucking Giordani and shit
choose your dress oh yeah I try bro I
try you feel me like I aspire to to new
heights all in and if your guys
wondering I am still working on deviant
lifts part three bodybuilders edition
it's gonna be fucking insane the biggest
bodybuilders in the world go to this gym
and I Jamie catching them in the parking
lot just wait wait I'm cooking
oh you say we're hitting chest why are
you doing this this is a little
stabilization exercise the trash that's
what keeps poor so stabilized for the
chest workout you know in order to apply
power you know I'm gonna have to have my
back look firm you know I just have one
of those supporting muscles up you know
so we can get a really good even chest
workout what does your way bro what do
you and let you know before some heavy
boy weight those in big boy weights it's
not about the weak that you lifted me
about the concentration you put into it
I don't really work out I call it
muscular yoga
do you guys always got to switch out
your workouts like look at this haven't
done this exercises ages look at this
dumbbell pullover these look at that
take it easy use a weight that you can
control so you get the full stretch
instead of struggling to do a few reps
you know do you like 1520 reps how low
the order to go deeply chest
your chest
honestly guys I showed you my intro with
a gold Santa a tan line doe and
obviously nothing compared to him I just
did it because I have to hear your
results if his dad's working or not
so his diet is on point I'm gonna share
your diet with them if you don't mind
not now but later yeah you guys wanna go
inside it's crazy I'm not taking off my
hoodie he's trading me when I get
embarrassed
crying go to bed that's you hopefully
wake up we're gonna have to hit it just
hard okay 200 pounds ladies and
gentlemen people do this fucking shit
look at this I'm just gonna curl it
never mind
underhand ladies and gentlemen this is
the different type of log today just
straight up Jim a little montage a
little talking with a legend
so this Jim is known for its home of
best bodybuilders check this out
obviously Arnold number-one guy here
there's another wall there's a girl
1940's that's nuts
it came up guys you have to go it had to
come out guys now kick in nobody see
because you go dude no oh no I see what
I mean I'm putting my shirt back on
I got a long way to go just know when
this transformation video drops next
month just know all the abs that I ever
wanted all the healthiness all the
aesthetics ever wanted you're gonna be
my ring but well you're already miring I
know man
there's no joke people you guys are
going on transformation with us right
green if all you guys witness to witness
but Fitness all right for the next
workout we've got some tricep it's all
about getting set up before your actual
work out you know before you pump them
out you know make sure your balance is
comfortable make sure your biceps are
stretch you know make sure you can
perform like a good workout it's all
about productivity you know I'm saying
each rep matters I hoped you guys
enjoyed this vlog because it's
definitely a different blog from all my
blogs this is a strictly workout vlog if
you like this video please leave a like
and we're getting a lot of rings done
this week you know that leo right we got
a lot on the list to go and we might be
going back to Miami those Beach breaks
in Miami guys at lunch the hoodies
yesterday villains never die calm or the
link in the description you guys telling
him the crazy it was 300 but guess what
was sold out and you guys knew that's
probably gonna happen I did in but the
company wanted to give more they opened
up so it's still available I don't know
how long he's gonna be available force
to get them now before they're gone
you skip dig day I don't all right
five six twenty we all which whatever
going home bro my iPhone grows which way
I can't find our house dude there's so
many directions fuck it let's go to
Gainesville what's your body fat
percentage six point six point nine I
think I'm like twelve probably fuck she
put stretching machine Wow yo I have
never seen an exercise for biceps like
this an ostrich eyes triceps at this
point I'm confused what's the best way
you think the fastest way to get rid
obviously died right everything's in the
kitchen yeah fastest way is just
watching the diet getting some exercises
cuz if you if you dying a lot and you're
not exercising at all you're just
sitting you're set it's here all day
long like you're not going to tone up or
anything tell them that you told me that
you don't believe in cardio no you know
dude even marathon runners you know that
when you run marathons and shit it
releases a type of Stuart it's called
cortisol it's not like them anabolic
steroids it's had a ball so it's that
means what it does break down your
muscles with too much cardio is actually
bad or
it just sounds like a good excuse to not
hit any cardio so works for me
hi villains we just finished our workout
y'all good shit is fuck you always
pleasure but for real dude thanks for
coming out taking your time taught me a
lot today he's sitting right now but I
don't wanna go to jail mr. J go to the
gym once you start seeing results
it becomes an addictions hobby it's a
lifestyle you're eating right now chips
drinking soda like I told you in
previous vlog get up right now go
through the gym and come back and guess
what you're gonna feel much better about
yourself the president can find time you
get fun time just like the RO says life
is like a river okay and you're a fish
you're not swimming against the stream
flowing down with all of us the dead
fish good by the way this week I'm
putting a wireless mic on you and you're
gonna go pick up girls and impress all
the villains they all asked me in the
comments that I'm gonna send you and
pick up girls bras
should pick up frozen a grocery let's
play bumper cars
I think it kicked out I love what's
going on this is awesome
already did enough cardio for today yeah
three
taking the lead Lewis Hamilton a villain
so post-workout meal is we're gonna have
salmon brown rice or white rice all
right guys so for a post-workout meal
gonna have some long grain rice and
we're gonna make some of this easy
salmon
you just gotta heat up the oven and
float in there for like 20 minutes
taking the quick route tonight not
getting too crazy and I'm saying so yeah
for a post-workout we've got this hot
sauce because it's usually break down
the muscles a little faster cuz usually
would be a good pre-workout hot sauce
like before because it would digest the
body and your cells a little bit slower
and this will give you a little bit vein
here is that 82 you serious right now
you fucking kidding me dude you serious
dude you serious motherfucker yes pretty
serious what what oh my gosh dude party
foul it's not party foul it's called I'm
an animal do Batali's crazy man yo can I
eat your booty video he has a top coming
right now hilarious bro you know John oh
oh that's funny that's funny
avatar you got nothing what is what is
what is that chocolate there you're on a
diet Batali so for all the people
they're insecure or skinny because you
should be skiing let's pull up a picture
of John this is John when he was
standing no no no sorry the pictures
already playing people say you should do
more YouTube videos man you did like few
videos and people yeah I've done like a
few YouTube videos I'm like 2 or 3 hours
if you guys haven't seen his Instagram
page go check it out I'll put a pop tag
on him fucking sick the technologist
etics yeah so far all the skinny and
insecure people or twigs or whatever
like I'm sorry to say twigs I'm still a
compared to you I would say you know a
lot of times people that don't get
started into the gym and stuff like that
you know like myself discouraged a lot
of times out different types of scenes
will be kind of intimidating people will
always tell you pressure you into like
developing your character into the type
of person that they want to see you
don't pay attention to what they hate to
say you know the outside people will
just focus on Wyatt
I've been definitely insecure you know
no matter how skinny or big you are you
should be always with happy how you look
and chef Skywalker is just all done the
rice is a little bit of firm you know
I'm saying but it's because fucking long
grain brown rice so you tell me this is
okay the this much rice I'm good with
cars how you do it bro it's that easy
yo that food was pretty bomb John Scott
Walker everybody that we're not gonna go
get through existing let's get a trained
students doing what you bro
when soon soon next week I'm not bad at
make it plans you just lose two hours
away but the real long time keep up the
gains thanks for inspiring everybody all
right guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog this is a little
different blog you're too funny breath
thing get so much for watching make sure
you follow John Skywalker pop-up tag
right there follow show him some love
and I love you guys so much thank you so
much for watching this video once again
villains never dead calm for the hoodies
has shirts and don't forget it's your
life your choice do whatever you want in
this life whatever you want to do do it
now literally guys I am serious you
still not doing what I told you to do I
love you love you love you and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
see ya
