in my yacht day at the pond you lie
welcome to the other blog the link in
the description below they finally
dropped because nasty fucking
emergencies breaking news but on the
real mouth the hoodies just dropped guys
but she get one right now only 300
available and once they've gone they're
gone will instead another beautiful day
that's so beautiful hope you guys have
an amazing day you already know how the
morning starts with coffee caffeine
fasted cardio different shit different
day I guess now not same shit every day
right right you sure I'm sure kinda cool
if it's Ali
Couture Vitaly wait no way me as the
would see really choke we all just mask
away okay I don't really speak English
okay a little bit maybe I'm a Russian
pimp okay for Russia and looking for
some ladies today know what I'm saying
yes wanna play some with some clitoris
with the rose how you say
so take Patricia's demise in his
national dish demise
I'm not guru see if that was Mordred I
said the ruski and appreciate the other
superior watches nibble to gel it over
primary canyons in Japan you might need
a genie whooping you're my person
apoptosis which is a PTSD we have safety
blue with some wood or the vinyasa with
Syria Syria see Rosa so that's my
signature move call me sir gay from now
Sergei okay kid it's okay Sergei octave
Elsa would use chicken
damn you switch time Attila 400 tsuki
time your blood wage clean job
Taichi I wish I spoke Russian understand
Domo should be Justin Bieber in this
okay something viburnum I'm eh kina time
eh key Kazuo Vannucci blade gargola
crocodile motion Des Moines at the
squawk emotion tells The Mummy he has -
to meet my sister on rides the wind is
not even your sister Breda crotches
Curitiba each other platformer schools
at Biru would you Srinagar Kimmie if
Shaw and rabbit serve at the GSD when
you lose a boot reported me Edna Juarez
of the end you have any idea what design
I have no idea he's really in character
I think you know me as about Syria you
throwing me Styria you throwing me as we
fights in the grassland
all right guys we on set right now and
this is my future ex-wife
don't forget it's a big piece you like
it big thank you put it in your mouth
Vitaliy wants to talk again have you
ever guys had a mango boo
Dargis busted or not a villain so it's
my scene right now I got so many lines I
get into your words we're good director
Tony I'm proud of you yeah day two Yahud
Musa brow Van rapid Anna pretty conic
receiver be my asset upon Allah the
decision is not over in the Tamiya
weapon you might Astana Maya here's the
bureau even you could die your new movie
discuss and you prosper Chrissy wait if
Shawn studies kazow one thing I hate and
love about search oh man like the
sausage I'm villain so I just left the
stat wait what are you talking about
what am I thought weren't you watching
yeah - Rolexes Louie Vuitton glasses
smoochie flip-flops you want to know why
I didn't want to know why I'm a Russian
bin guys I invented this new character
Russian BIM Sergei Sergei
serosa is that a good name guys what do
you guys sing look at this look at this
so if you're watching this video right
now like seriously right now if you're
watching this video I need everybody to
thumbs up this video because I want to
do a video
Russian pimp picking up girls I mean
look at me I look ridiculous what do you
think am I getting you good luck what
should I ask you the character guys tell
me right now I'm reading all the
comments tell me right now in smash that
like button if you want to see tomorrow
just a prank Russian pimp picking up
girls and maybe I shouldn't get a gets
better name I mean I like studio just
say yeah yeah we can get a better name
cuz my Russian hitman characters Dimitri
so what do you guys think let me know
villains villains villains so right now
we're headed to the gym I was super I am
so freaking tired and guess what I'm
still putting time and effort into my
day to be a better person to be great
and not regretted later and I'm still
going to the gym I'm dying I'm so tired
right now but I am gonna go to the gym I
see how I read your comments I saw that
you guys wanted to be
of me working out so I'm gonna give it
to you and I like how some comments do
all those tits and yesterday's vlog did
he fucking understand what's gonna
happen on Vitaly accessory I don't like
you've already freaking out about that
stuff no we can pause for a second I
keep filming dude like Vitaly uncensored
I know I keep talking about it I'm
almost there
I'm perfectionist I wanted to be perfect
you guys are gonna see so much tits you
guys gonna get so much ass more than
fucking your toilet seat I'm telling you
it's gonna be crazy pranks girls laugh
sex money great great great on the other
no guys seriously thank you for support
if you're watching this give it a thumbs
up and I really want to do that Russian
mafia prank we should drive around with
the g-wagen tomorrow Sergei right what's
your gate I was gonna do a clean vlog
see how he does because it's so crazy
you would think Oh sucks boob versus one
guy you would get a whole bunch of click
it's not really no I think YouTube
doesn't push my videos
I mean it's alright it's alright the
villains that are watching this right
now that's all it matters so I love you
I'm happy life is good for sure so many
DMS on Instagram how much I'm motivating
you you don't understand that you're
also guys motivating me because you're
telling me that I'm motivating you so
you're motivating me back to do better
it'd be a great person so thank you for
guys for that I know I'm wearing this
doll hoodie they're not available
anymore what if you're watching this
video right now the merch is out red
Christmas edition 300 hoodies 300 shirts
300 hats go order it now thank me later
love you guys so much now let's kill
this workout
games don't come sitting in the couch
playing video games eating popcorn and
drinking soda eating chips or talking
shit games come from hard work and
dedication I feel fucking great nothing
like working out every single goddamn
day and making those games but for real
enough about games guys I don't know
what to do it
Saturday night there's so much shit
we've got this awesome vlog for you guys
chill with my boys go on a double date
Skywalker wants to chill but he wants to
go to a club tonight I don't know if I
want to go to a club because club leads
to alcohol alcohol leads to hungover
hungover leads to bad food bad food
leads to feeling like shit Patel what
could you go to a club and not drink I
can and drink water but do I want to
there's no reason I got everything I
need deal bro your sinks it Oh what's up
damn sing something this is a test we
got to get your girlfriend do it we need
to get mine fine dude look at those
commas Leo's cute Leo's gonna be bigger
than Vitali
oh oh oh shit dude never seen I not I
never say never bro just like skated to
the camera I don't know lady
alright village thank you guys so much
for watching this video oh shit I just
forgot what's on my what's on my head
limited-edition merch yeah how many left
I don't know 300 wow it is 300 left hats
shirts hoodies get your merchant out
link in the description below never die
calm and thank you guys so much for
watching tomorrow I think I'm gonna
shoot a prank Russian pimp Russian pimp
was gonna say slaughter girls just say
slaughter no I was gonna say just
speaking it up yeah
alright guys seriously thanks for all
the love support thumbs up this video
I'll see you guys tomorrow
the Soudan yeah
