first time you met you get a crusher and
you oh my gosh just for two seconds he's
one of your lemons mice even turned on
what's up good so welcome to another
video we got brain we got Leo Lee I dude
nigga yeah bro I was thinking about I
don't know it's just a weird question to
ask but you've been with me for three
weeks now right how many times he jerked
off on my house I mean world man went
through the same shit you know that's
what my forearm is bigger than the love
yeah so we're going to set for our
Netflix show that we're filming with
three Tony's directing it no well like
wrote it yes she runs the show group
seemed pretty good we're driving right
now at seven o'clock in the morning
we're gonna be okay I went to the gym
hey see if I brought it up it would have
been like yeah the results will speak
for itself
so you're just hush
thank you for all the support of my
videos if you're watching this video
you're like oh we tally where can't get
this who tease they coming out Sunday I
said Saturday Sunday they're coming out
Sunday so right now just a little high
alright guys so we just got on set and
we're gonna go all of our lines ready I
did not kidnap and that's how you do
your lines people did you hear that and
I used to bring a gun to his head so Bri
you think I'm ugly no I can give you I
was just the first person to make up
that's how you know I'm ugly wanna shot
that movie Nicolas Cage you're like yeah
you need makeup and we usually don't use
makeup one of these actors I'm like yes
thanks thanks wow this is crazy guys
this is gonna be a real movie real show
look at these cameras sizes this is
crazy I used to film a little Sony eg in
high school doing little dramas kids now
we doing some Netflix show why did this
is not this is Hollywood it's so crazy I
was just in high school and I just
wanted to be an actor that was my
biggest dream well no just biggest dream
is just to be like why can I be it's
sitting on Craigslist the whole night
looking for extra work for $70 to be
somewhere in the background but now on
camera I'm getting my makeup done oh
because of you a whole response for your
estimates I prefer the painful truth
over a fucking lot okay so if you're
gonna tell me it's gonna be an hour I'll
stay out of your hair for now if you're
getting somebody ready you're lighting
something but when that hours up I don't
play that okay Evelyn so just take a
second out every day and look at her
freeze the frame pause the video and
look how sexy shoes
that's right you're welcome kids make
sure you use a tissue so villains if you
don't know this is how Russian gopnik's
dress gopnik's is the people that will
rob you for your cell phone usually they
have seeds and everything and they sit
like this in Russia and I go like this
and they see a guy with a subwoofer to
show sukkah
I'm utila for sure do I kill the phone
basically I just give me your fucking
phone what are you doing that's how they
take your phone and people get scared
they use and usually they were adidas
don't know shit that you does doesn't
stay yeah she peed at us I'm just
kidding but y'all check out my wifey you
serious right now Leo what did I tell
you about the legs how do we look guys
yo what do you think about my ok you
guys know I'm about to do my tape oh
this is crazy
so in this believe on once said me and
Tony actually wrote two movies that's
getting funded next year it's gonna be
big movies and you guys gonna be a big
part of it and I can't wait this
adventure just beginning the new arrow
Vitaly is about to take over it's
actually already taken off what's up
what's up so where'd you just say about
him I'm sorry to put you on the spot so
you calling yourself a hooker no I'm
kidding because my friend I recall Eric
Berlin's as much as I want to show you
the behind the scenes I'm not allowed to
record any of it but it's games
oh yeah
oh yeah we're talking villains if you
haven't followed me on instagram
vitalyzdtv the link in description below
or it's across the screen and obviously
when you see this picture look into the
equation for this picture you can see
the beautiful ladies and their tags so
if you want to follow it always blogging
over here I feel as if he did not know
filming a Netflix show that I'm telling
you about I can't say the name yet no no
name she created it hi Noel listen this
is first time you met she had a crush on
you oh my god
hey just for two seconds he's one of
your lemons just okay can't keep no good
poke here with the finger but you can
poke yourself go the time what's going
on in what's wrong it's my beanie you
don't lose things tomorrow I should do a
prank where my Russian team was my
outfit I'm gonna go Scout girls tomorrow
you hear me out tomorrow with scouting
girl scanning us from tomorrow yes my
name is Sergey you know the skiing or
snowboarding skiing now for real guys I
think tomorrow I'm gonna do a prank
where I'm are playing a Russian pimp and
go around he tried to pick up girls in
the g-wagon with with the glasses but
I'm probably gonna add maybe this I
don't know I want to get in trouble but
for God get in trouble we're villains we
don't give a shit we live life on the
edge
we don't care
set life 12 hours they got here at 7
a.m. it's like 4 p.m. now three more
hours nobody can hold you over 12 hours
in the hollywood if they do gotta pay a
lot extra I'm thinking guns out getting
guns guys if you don't know me I'm
really good at playing piano hi guys I'm
having a foursome tonight with these
girls it's a great clickbait guys that's
how you get a different look like 1 2 3
4 5 6 6 plus 9 69 you see that
alright villains will finish the first
day a rapper guys they probably gonna be
like yeah this show is gonna be shit yo
you shut up ok this shit is gonna be lit
not about for you guys love you this is
the whole crew if it wasn't for a real
quick follow me you already know yeah
yeah and we're bleeping that she's such
a good actress so we were talking about
this improv right now you need to go
hood on me no you're gonna do shit yeah
she said she can does please she can I
can do it I'm going right now
I wonder how many gold diggers in one
photo Nikolas next year is gonna be
Bitcoin diggers
all right so rap guys thank you so much
for watching this log is not over about
for real it's time to live for now it's
time to get these games because my die
got to get a little more hardcore we
just got to get this shit going from the
bottom of my heart thank you for coming
every day and watching me stick you'll
meet the real villains do you guys know
who you are if you're watching this
right now slept like I'm sure they're
just fix a second and it gives me
motivation to do more of these videos
because I see what you guys support the
guys back supporting me I'm back to full
effect on the re-energized they're
taking over what's up dude what are you
doing you're in the bathroom the bat
this is this is a closet yo get out of
my head bro
yeah this is what we do in California we
share bowls and shit
yeah I didn't hit that but just to show
you how friendly potheads alright I mean
I know we're filming I'm committing a
crime because you can't smoke and drive
but you know what I like you leo
I like where your head's going leo
alright villains I just got home and I'm
gonna go hit the gym but I'm not gonna
record it because I feel like every day
it's kind of too much you're showing my
workouts might be boring I don't know
let me know what you guys think in the
comments and new merch coming soon like
a very soon this weekend thank you for
another day another journey guys
seriously thank you for all your daily
support and if you're watching this
right now smash that thumbs up button
like the video it's your life your
choice deal what I was a fucking one in
this life it's yours and nobody can take
it from you yeah I'll see you guys
tomorrow right are you sure it's 24/7
24/7 alright alright guys thank you so
much for watching and you have 24/7
because when I'm sleeping I'm burning
calories alright guys thank you so much
for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow the food I know
