I want you what do you mean
what up billets welcome to another video
thank you guys so much for coming back
and watching this video top Lia Sun you
know life is good life to get wise life
why life is good because we've been
gaining thirty thousand subs a day
thirty thousand subs a day everything's
green in my analytics it's crazy cuz I
change the format I knew I'm gonna lose
subs but I don't know what YouTube is
doing right now everything skyrocketed
people like this videos I'm a happy man
I got a great team I got a sexy wingman
life is fucking good real healthy
we got dope villains watching us merch
is going crazy I'm not planning to stop
leo
I'm not don't stop I'm not hey hey hey
right now we're headed to USC what I'm
gonna do the video that I promised you
guys yes sir I'm gonna do by a dude how
to not pick up girls I'm literally just
gonna go up to them with a craziest
fucking pick-up lines ever let's get
there
just got to the College in little debate
look little debate will call the beat
look at all the beat oh my god it's so
juicy nice and young and fresh like whoo
I wonder who's fresh off the boat cuz
I'm buzzed if I could be the captain now
just gonna be fucking awesome ready 3 2
how to not pick up girls hi my name is
Sally I'm new on campus are you
I was wondering I'm having a few friends
over we're gonna watch the midget porn
would you like to come over for real
that's our like tradition when you first
moved to campus in Russia
I like to watch a porn in a circle jerk
oh no you're not about that
damn alright so hey what's up remember
me remember Vitaly oh by the way I got
herpes
what I got herpes know about that you're
really cute and I wanted to give you
number cool
what's your number they're not
transmittable herpes so we can kiss
tonight I promise
the doctor said I'm fine all right thing
so weird that I stared my muscles in the
morning and I just liked I jerk off all
my right bicep is that weird anyways I
pay you're just cute and I wanted to get
your number because I don't want to be
doing that anymore so every number
please you marry it that's what they all
say that's your fuck offering well my
right arm is bigger than the left wrist
are you using one of my left arm you
make me happy
oh sorry strike home English it's really
weird
I'm on the dry spell right now and I had
sex with my dog last night no you think
I'm kidding to it I'd use a condom or
anything should I go get checked all you
pink oh that's why I'm just gonna get
your number please you do is that a
chihuahua cuz I know I want to have sex
to be a little chihuahua
all right I'm gonna go have sex with my
cat now then fuck you
hello I have a question not a really a
question I would like a mini statement
did he speak English is that weird that
I've been hooking up with my sister for
the past six months
yeah because her blow jobs starting to
suck now so I'll tell you cute I want it
to get a number
do you know do you know how to get to
come fit Syria bushfire wait wait why
no but I'm sick
I'm saying like that way sorry that way
which way that way
so you tell me the bounces that way
excuse me I have a question my mama
wants nothing to do with it so I had to
ask you so I got this crazy crazy crazy
sex story from my bud
can you help you how to use it it's a
sex toy toy for my butt yeah so I don't
know how to use it I'm not a girl so
it's like it's my first time and my
internet is down so I can watch porn do
you have any idea you are if I can keep
it up yeah sick and tired of stretching
on my penis and putting in my bud
hi excuse me I have a question how are
you I'm good are you talking to
I'll tell your sister penis reduction
yesterday so I just want to tell you
invite you on a date some Goods just
small it's like thank you my friend
wants to talk to you but he's a little
shy how would you guys mind talking to
him oh my name is Bob you think you're
really pretty
gonna get your number do that get your
over No
Antonia tried to hook up with you I know
I know you did fuck are the closest ones
I want you what do you mean I just think
my ass into your face
what are you talking about why are you
so upset my my friend Anthony wanted to
talk to you and now you can now you just
cock-blocked me from the other girl yeah
why are you so upset
Anthony wanted to talk to you and he
tried to talk to you and you denied him
that I don't understand what's the
problem she's calling the cops
I don't know fuck she's following me I
think she wants to talk to Anthony hello
okay call them ugly shit Anthony wanted
to talk to you and harassing people
that's not harassing I didn't show my
pants okay what's up that's where I'm
going
hi villains if you want to see more
Anthony and just a full video Anthony
picking up girl you freaking love girls
like he just wants to talk so make sure
this video gets seventy five thousand
likes seventy five thousand likes I know
you villains can do it I am gonna go
with Anthony but I dress him fresh I'm
gonna fucking shave his face have we
gonna go pick up girls with video
seventy five thousand likes villains I
know you can do it but right now it's
time to live games
alright villains I just got home and
damn fucking Anthony I'm telling you
what did you think that lady wanted
Anthony yeah I think so you just think
so no I know so okay I like the dancer
better if you guys don't notice anything
well now you probably did the villain
red launch is launching Saturday
Saturday don't miss that day right now
if you're gonna link in the description
my site is shut off you put your emails
be the first one to get subscribe it's
only limited 330s 300 hats Christmas
edition red villain it's gonna be just
putting up the high for Saturday which
think fresh right I think it's fashion
goal no red
you guys already know what's up without
going to the gym there's no games so I'm
hitting back today and arms let's
fucking do this
alright villains I just got home awesome
freaking workout my transformation is
gonna be one of the best transformation
I'm trying so hard to consistent and
watch my microbes I know there's
chocolates here and there ignore that
guys if you're watching this video and
whatever time it is if you're watching
this video get off your couch start
working out it's never too late tomorrow
I got this Netflix show I'm gonna be on
yes I'm gonna be in a Netflix show with
Bri is gonna be fucking awesome it's
gonna be insane I'm gonna bring you
through the journey our call time
tomorrow is 5 o'clock in the morning so
I'm gonna have to close this vlog early
but the merch is gonna be available
Saturday Christmas edition red edition
that's right guys and I just wanted to
let you guys know whatever you guys want
to do in life just freakin do it stop
listening to people I know it sounds
like all of attalos being inspirational
yeah yeah I'm gonna be fucking
inspirational now I'm gonna put this
channel to use to be inspire be funny
and inspire I know I can do it that's me
doing it not leo leo was always
happening with the camera I don't know
just going crazy really sorry guys so if
I give you guys a head a table for real
do whatever the fuck you want to do I'm
just a guy from Russia warna Russia
raised in Ukraine moved to America with
a single mother stabbed dad and
graduated high school and says fuck and
I'll never go to college I want to
become an actor how do you become an
actor Vitaly oh you get discovered in
YouTube now have 9 million subscribers
and by the way my subscribers are
skyrocketing thank you guys so much I'm
on the road to tum milk I got so many
great ideas for you I got so many
everything but I'm the story is to do
what you want to do it's never too late
if you have a job 9 to 5 whatever and
you're not happy with it just fucking
quit quit today and just fucking don't
show that's what I did I got fired if I
didn't get fired with a quit and I would
have just left because that 9 to 5
you're gonna be going every day and then
you gonna notice 10 years flew by and
you still have that job I just seen it
happen with few people and they didn't
wanna just just just I know if you have
a little money saved up just go travel
go do something explore the world you
only have one life and it's fucking
short it's your life your choice
do whatever you want to do it's never
too late I love you guys so much thank
you for watching and I'll see you guys
tomorrow
that's right Anya
