- this is not as a fuckin vacuum what's
up villains welcome to another vlog
thank you guys so much coming back at my
mom's house and by the way guys villains
if you're watching this I love your
fucking daily support slap a thumbs up
right now on the video I'm at my mom's
house
we got morning coffee we've got lunchbox
because these games don't stop Leo how
am I looking good getting Carter by the
day a 1 you look great
first of all you're my mom why are you
looking over there there was three
buttons down there gonna do two easier
time - money
love you sir villains the hustle never
stops uploading a vlog everywhere I go
everywhere I go I'll bring the laptop
because I'm not planning to skipping in
any day so you guys more welcome to come
back and if you haven't subscribed yet
my name is Vitaly I do daily videos make
sure you when you get you friggin 775
this is bullshit guys this check is from
Tosh boys no and you remember the guys
the Miami zombie prank when I went in
tosh point-o I'm sure all you guys know
what tosh point-o on Comedy Central I
still get check for 7 fucking dollars
hey because saving it's called investing
your job is just to cook for me and be a
good mom but you are horrible son just
stay in the kitchen you're good at the
kitchen you belong in that corner I'm
the LA kiss my mom oh and hours passed
and it's freaking dark outside it's
already guys dark it gets dark so early
5:30 and guess why we didn't film Leah
why don't you tell him behind the camera
because the fires in LA the fires in LA
you guys been affected by the fire I
feel like sorry for you like my
years go out to you and like no jokes
aside like it's horrible to lose that
house to a fire hope you guys got
insurance because shits gonna cover you
but now for all jokes aside guys stay
strong if you've been affected to it
it's crazy
la is under fire it's crazy to think
it's 20 minutes away from here thank God
I have not been infected or the people
near me and four who are affected my
prayers go out to you and everything's
gonna be good
on the other note I'm headed to the gym
right now with my boy Jordan and glaze
you know what I won't even tell you just
guys gonna have to beat her yourself
let's go I'm villains so we're driving
to the gym right now this is my friend
lace write this a name what's up so
Gracie is from Brazil she's gonna be my
new workout partner so you from Brazil
huh guys no Rio de Janeiro I streak the
World Cup in 2014
palm of the biggest booties I've ever
seen in my life the best videos in the
world
salut smelly honest vidas de mundo
I got something no it's for me but for
you you have to hold this it's just a
roofie in there nothing much wow yeah
three scoops of paper I haven't washed
it since 2014 since I got it so it's a
little dusty
we're hitting chest back and of course
abs tell them how scared the fire is you
drove next to him I was crazy because is
that true no truck from San Francisco I
was coming high five
it was insane crying the traffic was
great like nah that's crazy that you got
to witness that let me ask you a
question what you put that on right now
are you trying to look sexy but the guys
oh it's not like you look you look sexy
hi guys so I'm doing four sets right now
20 reps the 1812 and eight I started
with 55 and every set I go up to 10
pounds mine over matter
yes you guys know we're twins so um your
car right elbow left elbow broken elbow
from skateboarding algebra girl bow my
horse Wow
so next exercise is 4 sets of 20 my next
one is lower chest I stay usually with
45 15 times
so we're prevention
Jordan you got the clickbait it's on you
Jordan make sure you give it a big
thumbs up for this video thumbs up
how many paths do do not unpack so you
know what I was telling him at the gym
tell me tell him I said for every person
that likes the video is they gonna eat
your booty because you got a jungle
booty so let's see how many likes for
that booties miss Brazil doesn't play
around oh I would eat it like there's no
tomorrow
just saying hi Bella's I just got home
and that booty was so good Alicia's
let's do a little replay Oh
oh my god you missed out dude honestly
the size of your body she would probably
eat you with that ass yeah dude I'm
announcing a winner giveaway for the
hoodie and a couple vlogs I said that
I'm gonna give away the hoodie I'm a man
of my word
Eric Lenski his is an Instagram and
here's this comment hey Mitch I'll have
been a big fan since my name is Bobby
Frank I'm Russian and I have a big nose
to question your pants well you do it
what are you doing
did you I'm sorry Lee I just do that you
like in the legs yeah for real Congrats
you're a winner thanks for all your
support if you didn't win don't worry
there's a lot of Giveaways and by the
way with all the likes you guys been
giving me on all the promises that have
been promised to you guess what they all
gonna get fucking delivered we're going
to Vegas well if it gets a hundred
thousand likes it's like ninety thousand
likes you even lift part four
it's coming me asking to eat
boyfriends/girlfriends masses it's
coming I'm a fucking man of my word and
I'm gonna deliver you all those videos
and for the giveaway this is your golden
hoodie and if you're watching this
they're gone guys you missed our next
lunch will be in a few days so just
chill out relax oh shit where's my hair
with shit you think I need a haircut
maybe we should take a little cleanup
lino clear we got Jade the barber coming
he's gonna come door here this is my
first time cutting my hair with somebody
else but not my mom up dude
fuck's up I like Riley stab him or some
shit I seen videos only like sites were
like oh the barber went wrong and shit
Wow would just get killed
gotta do it you gotta do you understand
bro if you cut my hair the wrong way my
nose is going to look like 9 times
bigger okay so let's wait for the J the
barber ok villains we got Mike and Jay
in the house Jade the barber he's gonna
cut my hair for the first time what's up
boys come on better you wake up don't be
a camera shy - wait we just got his hair
- just get out right now
you're not wait you might as soon as
synthesize whatever you say about a
chick from his head I know you got lice
so be careful okay Jake I love you so
you never got my head you already know
what you gonna do with my hair though my
mom says my hair is hard to cut you want
to touch it it's big it's that well I
don't know why it's thick I took a
shower I don't know you're a you know a
lot about air so doesn't look like I'm
going bold anytime soon because they
keep roasting me that I have the
hairline too here Lance it's a little
kid no no not like I care I mean if I
was meant to go bald like I said it's
not dyed so they're just vitamins just a
candy chewing gum candy recommend you
guys so I can good shit well the car was
like the I'm Bacchus personal barber
that's what like my main guy yeah
whoever and ovo click needs a haircut
I'm always on the road with Baca right
wait you're done like tell me just say
yo J go shorter or no what did I do
dude those the worst haircut ever seen
in my life
no I don't know it's hard to tell I
guess I gotta get up so you want to take
this also to me so the whole fucking
neighborhood came Jordan got the cock
now anymore guys and look who's here
she's next to the haircut she wants to
be the next Britney Spears we'll give
her her that now guys guess who just
responded Erik the guy who won the merch
oh yeah he goes holy shit
I never win anything in my life what the
fuck thanks a lot bro I actually live in
Finland
my address is I hope that's right thanks
so much
you're welcome dude this is not the
fucking bag
oh wait I just realized a bit more mess
thank you guys so much for watching this
video your life your choice guys do
whatever the fuck you want to do start
for the short vlog tomorrow I promise
you bring in a prank right I'm bringing
anybody so thank you guys seriously for
watching I love you thumbs up this video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
let's not yeah just a real yeah yeah
okay
