oh so cute or is it a ring what's up
villains welcome to another vlog and if
you're watching this video right now
smash that thumbs up button why am i
telling you to smash that thumbs up
button because the videos gonna be a
fucking let me already know now but I'm
serious no no Leo so so he we need to go
to like the urgent care or something
because there might gonna have to cut it
off well cut it off does that hurt oh
we're getting a password today right
getting a passport yes why we're getting
a bus so I can travel to other countries
and why you want to travel to other
countries guys do you have some crazy
pranks that you want to do and follow me
to film yes I want you to film baby see
brush see I try the daily yeah you're
gonna get your first password first love
you in the videos they said you're like
a big youtuber I mean fucking look you
just look at he does sleep with one eye
open though yeah I see without you I
wanna meet making these daily vlogs man
you motivate me bitch the camera now I
got into this daily routine that I'm
actually like every day is easier and
easier and easier you know I just do
these videos so thank you guys for that
as you can see happier than ever because
I was so like I don't like using word
depressed but I was fucking depressed I
was down you remember how when you met
me bro first my man was just like laying
in bed all day fucking refreshing my
Instagram would be like like what's next
but now i think i recharged myself and
it's a great start and what you're about
to guys see in the next month where i'm
glad to do how about to shock this
youtube world for me to know for you to
find out all right
villains just got to my mom's house i
guess why she's meal prepping for me i
love you so much
never for real meal prep these games I
got caught I got a fucking expose for
eating a Snickers can't believe that
did you see mama I was on drama I
learned I got exposed for eating ass why
you guys it's not mine
look look at this trails beaches that
way leo
yeah honest question what does this look
like to you games and the prize fucking
right better than any restaurant you do
better than anything better than any
sodium what is this
you hear that for the editor rewind that
beat you know what that is the merch is
selling like God Church six hoodies not
bad
thank you for the games love you gotta
go tomorrow we're getting a haircut okay
so I was gonna take Leo to the clinic
but you said you're fine with your
finger we're gonna wait a couple days
right yeah that was even if your finger
does get amputated you have another you
have another finger to get my press
record oh yeah
so we're good okay you probably fingered
some fucking girl now you see it yeah I
know I see it right back tell that girl
to go get her self checked I didn't do
that with a girl I got it
all right villains up at the gym killing
legs I gotta sign up Leo for the gym who
are greased Leonida start going to the
gym with me that's what he's not here
right now I ran out of gas passes
fucking paying $200 a month for a
membership and they only give me ten gas
passes doing legs right now two plates
on each side 25 reps because we're
getting those legs ripped I used to play
soccer for you years so my legs are big
I don't need my legs to get any more
bigger I'm just straight up cutting
right now January 15 around that day
transformation and I'm running a huge
contest a lot of money involved for 1st
2nd 3rd places get ready
she was gonna be so crazy but are you in
- no wait you love you guys so much
thank you for all your daily support if
you're watching this and you haven't
liked this video make sure you keep that
thumbs up if you haven't got your
merchants the ones never died only Gold
Edition actually if you're watching this
today is the last day Gold's gonna be
gone and then I'm not releasing white
this is gonna be probably next year I
love this vlog stuff so happy
ah black days no joke guys don't fucking
skip like days cuz I'm telling you I
seen bigger
elected at IKEA you don't want to have
neither legs you don't wanna have
fucking chicken legs you want to lift
everything from abs to your neck to your
dick everything I'm picking a break cuz
we're gone on some adventure yeah how
much oh how much I li yeah let's see
what kind of gentleman you gonna be open
the door for both of them because I'm
too lazy so listen I have this video
idea that I want to do I don't want to
share with you and you but it we're
gonna have to bleep the whole idea out I
just want to see get your reaction out
of it so you ready yeah all right you
know I did a video asking girls effect
okay but listen
so my new video idea is you like it I
have to go for two days then back to
Miami yeah I got a present it's you know
little things like this
so happy what is this why do I need a
photo of you like in a super sexy
okay support well I got something to
jerk off to guys that's so cute is it a
ring is that it know what I have with
you
I don't want with anyone else you get
all my kiss no no it's okay that's crazy
now I have a click beat we kissed who's
gonna be a whole bunch of clicks oh
thanks means a lot sorry Katie videos
yours don't worry for commenting I was a
fucking drama pieces and I'm gonna eat
them all how about this happen huh
Wow Wow guys ate chocolate for him I've
never eaten chocolate for like anyone
all right now since Leo's back let me
get this camera let's cut it to
everything Bam Bam zoom in yo leo what
do you think yeah I don't have a special
note and talked and we kissed so we got
our quick bases today Oh anyway bud but
she kind of made a move on me in three
blogs guys from now three blogs the
title is gonna say Leo finally kiss oh
what's up Tony what's up brother are you
ready yeah go look what I'm gonna be
driving we're all gonna go to the Grove
welcome welcome welcome
we didn't do a challenge if this video
gets 50,000 likes and jumping up I found
some 50,000 likes yeah yeah Bri has
doing a bikini okay we're both good
we're both dude we'll both do it yeah
huh bang bus LOC yeah I'm film with this
yeah but it's not a professional camera
okay guys because likes me
and the security's coming again
literally took the camera for a second
anyways what do you guys think about
this last film here that's crazy
guys I don't want to be rude the lady's
doing her job and everything do you know
a definition of a robot that's a robot
she does whatever her manager tells her
like why like he honestly if I was in
her shoes that would be like let these
people enjoy their night nights crazy I
don't know what do you guys think she
took her job pretty seriously
she's a Robocop she's a Robocop she's a
Robocop I feel it so we just left to
grow and now we're here at Dave &
Buster's
and we're gonna come
one
this
ain't I made zero they're talking hey
now they're talking
I've been trying to get him to hold her
hand so cute guys tomorrow I'm strictly
doing a prank so don't worry
gotcha guys guys wanted to see more
vlogs or new year go
Wow
how many points do you think I'm gonna
get probably 70,000
now
20,000 you got 21,000 I got 20
fucking workout it's a nice little house
some of you guys know I never went to
college
beer pong is big in college and I never
play a party sometimes watch how good I
am
are you
to me
all this big talk but no action I'm
going home right guys she just got home
yeah I don't know we had a really good
time today breeze just amazing you know
she's really cool definitely a keeper so
make sure you get my work at villains
never DICOM because if you want to look
as cool as I do you know you gotta be
repping the villains oh are you serious
right now
I didn't tell her nothin what to say and
she just said that in one thing and you
remember my merge side villains never
dies outcome that's crazy but she did -
like relax there's kids watching just
kidding no I'm kidding but nah but for
real bad a great day right yeah I
learned my games and everything oh how
the glasses guys really no relationship
gold glasses or just glasses on the
series now guys thank you so much for
watching I really don't want to say bye
but I'm not gonna work fucking time
laughs how we're Netflix and chill right
would you guys ship this thumbnail would
we kiss no I feel like it's like a
little like fucking Disneyland thumbnail
we kissed
what do you think would be a cooler
title for the vlog our first kid that's
okay what would be a upgrade or a badass
version of we kissed we fucked
no I'm hey if you guys watching this
video these gold hoodies they're gonna
be gone the whole Gold Collection is
gonna be gone at midnight villains never
died calm and I just want to say 50,000
likes on this video vlog we're jumping
into that fountain we're pretty
committed - yeah and I think you guys
got a hundred thousand legs on that
Vegas vlog or we're saying we're gonna
go to Vegas so Tony's shooting all week
because you want to go to Vegas whatever
happens in Vegas stays on YouTube you
already guys know thank you so much for
watching I love you and I'll see you
tomorrow
hello youtube I miss you Daniel Oh
