what's up Philip welcome to another vlog
thank you guys so much for coming back
right now if you're watching this video
I want you guys to stop doing whatever
you're doing unlike this video yeah just
like the video I got to tell you guys to
do these thumbs up in the beginning I
don't understand but right now I'm doing
a drive-through Starbucks and I'm
getting this crack I don't know what it
is but I don't start my mornings without
coffee and it's a good appetite
suppressant so you know everything works
but right now we've got meetings and you
know what we're doing today leo we're
gonna go get that cash for the scar two
hundred thousand dollars in cash and we
didn't call bank
you said bangs it's not gonna let me
take all that much that's too much
well we're gonna make it happen if we
don't we don't have to write them a
check but no no no no I want that cash
excuse me oh yeah can I get that new
crack that you got that's like that new
coffee the crack it's pretty strong the
stronger than cold brew I don't know
what to call the new one you serious
okay can I get a medium cold brew no
sugar no nothing thanks yes please no
water
she asked me do you want me not to put
water in your coffee so it's a little
bit stronger why the do you put
water in the coffee anyway that's what
Starbucks do guys I don't know if you
realize I'm paying for the full
price of coffee I want my cup of
prophecy
all right villains we just got to the
bank I'm gonna ask him to withdraw 200k
right see yes not even though I didn't
call but I know we're doing he doesn't
so the other bank didn't have enough
money
they told me come to this branch
battalion Beverly Hills all right let's
see that's so funny
you're a bank and you don't have that
type of money huh this is my first time
trying to withdraw that much I couldn't
it says three to four business days
that's just insane well that sucks
I guess I gotta give him a check huh I
was gonna be my clickbait for today dude
it's paying for my car cash not gonna
write a check generic old way honestly
I'm coming right now I'm like coming oh
yeah Oh Vitaly why are you coming
because thanks for all your awesome
support on my daily vlogs guys you guys
are we killing it you guys are amazing
all your comments all your life Leo do
you know that I'm not planning to stop
I'm back from my break I needed that
break I needed that break to get hungry
again and to recharge my soul my wisdom
my calculations on the videos I'm about
to do you know what I mean
there is villains that ready to see me
every day and I'm gonna do it for them
you're a hater go yourselves I
don't care she's gonna be wiping my
tears of a dollar bill
yeah saying about the a job to request
more cars my haters like yeah I'm
getting a car from Armin heyday man
three hundred thousand I mean grad 315 I
could have done better I could have done
better we uploaded the video late I went
today
tried to get $200,000 in cash they're
like you need a week in advance for that
amount so I got to write you a check
it's I want you to roll up with the cash
I know the good clickbait so this quick
day's gonna be paid for my dream car
cash two hundred thousand dollars
parentheses failed yeah I got it let's
see what kind of gift you get when you
buy two hundred thousand dollar car
let's see what kind of gift to you this
year for my nephew I will have you sign
this for my nephew
oh good for us okay but for you I'm
gonna send you yeah the Mercedes Benz
will probably be an episode okay AMG
Driving Academy I'm going there for a
full day course racing cars on a race
track and do like a full-blown we
definitely got to do that for the vlog
my man thank you so much there's an
expensive class is $1,000 wow that's
crazy
complimentary you're gonna go there race
cars on the track full-blown that's my G
Wagon right no bigger sports car don't
give you sports cars mind driving but
that way you know you know how to ride
but you're gonna know how to ride even
better like a maneuver you know
paparazzi chasing and everything get
away all right all right Cal star motors
okay
I wish actually are married on you but
yeah
this is another
we enjoy without paying for it for like
five days right it's the best I can do
now you gotta pay all right time to get
back to my hooker day time to get my
dress on time to get my wig on time to
get hired at the strip club yo I should
this is for you bro I know you're
watching this one of the sign here you
go he saw the vlog and he called you
yeah yeah he's a huge fan actually I
posted the picture when you walk through
G le 43 you went crazy
now you know but it-it's not like it is
my boy Bobby brought thanks for watching
I look to G Loggins what uh yeah you are
you to G wagons and Armenians right
thanks bro I appreciate it yeah Leo you
know so what you got to say to the
people at that thing you're hot in the
comments thank you guys I appreciate the
love thank you guys thank no don't be
like holla me man your phone on me I'm
available you're single and ready to
mingle single ready to mingle
yeah did you put me on the class right
now this is so awkward blow a kiss no
that's cringe blow my kids for the girls
hey there you go ladies
there you go alright guys we just got
our table readers no well Amanda three
we're gonna go over our line bridge your
manners girl your books dude stop my
camera guys a crease they were right in
the comments Sauk City it's actually the
editor is living in so it looks like
doesn't like yeah she can't stop
smiling you ever take a smile on her
face
well not she did very serious Oh Wendy
hi villains you know how I read all your
comments you know how I read all the
comments you know what somebody said
vitaliy you didn't open the door for her
but you said you do it all the time for
girls that's how I read your coming so
now I gotta make it up by not only
opening the door I'm gonna be a little
stair for you oh my god go ahead we're
ridiculous guys anyways we headed back
to our elected
is uh troubler nation of your host
killer keep star let's go right into the
news last night YouTube sensation known
as fight tally got caught eating a
Snickers bar fat ass exposed exposed why
do you want a kid okay so Katie likes
Leo she thought he was so cute she
watched the vlog and she texted me Wow
dude what are you like why you have
nothing to say right now damn a bug yeah
I'm gonna destroy that oh yeah I'm on a
date he didn't really talk though she's
like maybe he doesn't like me I was like
I think he's just shy I'm just I'm a
little shy guy and and I feel bad
because I like made a couple comments
was like maybe he like okay villains
just killed a Jim 30 minutes on a
Stairmaster that heavy-ass shoulder did
some app gonna be the best
transformation in the game mark my words
if you haven't subscribed yet guys
subscribe right now my name is vitaly i
do videos every day but other real oh
guys i got meetings all day right now
i'm headed to another meeting after the
gym it's 9 p.m. the work doesn't stop
and tomorrow i'm filming a prank for you
guys the thing i'm gonna mix it with a
blog or just a prank let me know guys in
the comments what do you want to see a
vlog slash prank or just strictly prank
if you guys don't know me my name is
vitaly click that subscribe button
because I upload every day that we're
not Disneyland over here we're not
busy if you want to watch G that's other
side of YouTube you want to see some
badass content check it out here and if
you haven't got your mercy at who these
villains never died calm right now go on
it the link is in description below it's
 great become a villain if you
haven't and if you haven't hit that
thumbs up button hit it right now I love
you guys support on these vlogs and if
you liked here the videos go up if you
go up if you come and Milan
training page
whatta is that 2012 I gotta do some
 makeup for that to land on
that page my villain so I just had an
awesome meeting a lot of great things
are coming so many things coming for us
guys we all exist together but right now
I got to tell you guys something
it's my first time filling up White
Russian after I'm going with that name
White Russian somebody comment ooh I
love it
I don't know let's keep it temporarily
not I think why Russian is gonna be good
why Russia for now right now it's
completely on empty completely on empty
how much do you think is gonna cost to
fill up I'm gonna say a $90 what do you
think I was actually gonna say that
night 90 okay I will say 100 100 or 5
them
$77 $77 my other card the GL II had a
smaller tank ate more gas it cost me
only under $80 to fill it up
Putin White Russian my baby $77 all
right villains I just got home and I
have to tell you guys something villains
never die calm this merch is gonna be
gone this edition on Wednesday you got
like literally 48 hours to order
villains never dies calm or the link in
description below and guess what let's
do this out for the right way it's your
life your choice do whatever the
you want to do I know is gonna cut the
fun but no you do literally whatever the
 you want to do like listen
my mom gave me birth and she put me on
this earth and you know I should listen
to her itself but no like my mentality
is different it's my life thanks for
giving it to me but it's my life
so I just I wanna lips or do whatever
the you want to do for real guys
and if you made it today and then you
like this please give it a big thumbs up
and I'll see you guys tomorrow for an
epic prank the Sudan yeah
