what you gave me we're gonna be tweeting
bro Gucci gay
what's up villains welcome to another
video oh boy today is gonna be a good
day why today's gonna be good first of
all I'm looking for a new apartment
that's right before I buy my house in
2018 mark my words now I'm trying to get
the certain house so I gotta wait I
gotta wait but right now we're gonna go
look at the two-bedroom apartment
because yo Leo Leo gonna be in my
roommate right because I knew I wouldn't
be vlogging every day am i right so
right now we're gonna go look at this
apartment
today's Tony's birthday Tony's my best
friend we met two years ago I've been
hanging out every day since then Tony if
you're watching this happy birthday wish
you the best you're gonna be the best
director in Hollywood and I know that
because you grow to movie for me we're
getting them funded obviously you know
what the fuck you're doing I'm gonna go
buy you some gifts right now we're gonna
go over there a driver dare drive is
known for the it's gold diggers the most
expensive fucking shopping thing I think
I'm gonna get your wallet or a belt I'm
not sure cuz you don't Rock a little
belt I'm gonna get some Gucci flip-flops
so I can fuck you old bitch and Gucci
flip-flops well not literally
I like your girlfriend no no I won't
touch her I will fuck someone's bitch
with my Gucci flip-flops on but let's go
look at this apartment of course what
would I do without my mom Batali use
mama boy you know what I don't care our
relationship got closer through these
vlogs if not these vlogs I see my mom
once a month I'm not gonna lie a user
for views I really do my mama's gonna
help you find this apartment pick this
out and you know who's gonna be doing
all the moving you know who's gonna be
doing all the boxing this little Queen
thank you mom you look great oh man
crazy crazy crazy crazy night last night
I drink so much alcohol yeah like these
games boy
oh just got to the apartment and look at
this look at all this Dateline I finally
not gonna feel like a vampire cuz my
building is you guys know faces the
courtyard I have no fucking daylight I
always have to have lights on so look at
there's the oldest face you walk out and
be like ma I made it and look at the
balcony sighs okay villains we just got
through Darrow drive show Bordeaux drive
view the infamous gold digger Street Oh
what girls love to hang around by
themselves and look for rich fucking man
and be like yeah find me that Chanel buy
me that Louboutin I'll fuck you for
anything that's right yeah buy me
anything and I got you don't worry
because it but I have nothing wrong with
that I would love me myself a gold
digger if I got briefed it's three year
old on the blogs and talking all our
brain maybe there's a connection maybe
maybe there's no connection but I think
the connection is very good hello I
breathe just wanted to let you know that
I love you with all my heart you much
saw all the villains oh by the way
villains thank you for a really positive
comments usually guys would like to
roast my girl slot whore blah blah blah
telling you
back in the Gucci store feels like we
have never left rightly alright good you
stay on block don't you see I'm blogging
in alright three two one let's get the
Gucci song going yo yo yo couldn't film
in the Gucci store once again but me and
Tony are gonna be twinsies I got the
same pair of shoes those black ones
those are lid these ones yeah man I
needed new shoes so I told myself I'm
not gonna get no more shit you know what
I got my best friend a birthday gift he
deserves it and I gotta be a little
twinsies you know because these shoes
they're just uh they're good for filming
for the beach but you know what I gotta
get those like um he's wearing Gucci
shoes I'm fucking him tonight it's all
about the new shoes why am I wearing
this right now
this is what I need this is what I
needed those slip-ons is that weird that
me and Tony are gonna have the same
shoes special friends that's what best
friends do right ride or die oh yeah I
know I look like a new man
for real yeah oh wow let's do a little
montage
excuse me hi give me your name
yo you saw that reaction straight-up
deny when she saw that camera she's like
grooming you asshole douchebag see what
I mean there's a difference between
girls once you pull up to other Pickers
they're like yeah cool like the Megan
remember the one in Boca like she was
school like this they just gave me a
chance
oh shit you're an actress bitch go back
to Oklahoma once again if you guys just
started watching this videos my name is
Vitaly you guys better subscribe if
you're not a villain become a villain
because we do the most insane shit on
this channel we're villains we have no
limit we're not soft we're not BG we're
not Disneyland like the rest of YouTube
that's right subscribe right now if you
haven't and a lot of people like to tell
you've been losing subs yeah no shit and
do I care not really why I don't care
because that's gonna go away I'm
switching up my content I expected that
the biggest thing for me was to
transition my channel and I did and you
guys accepted it and you guys loved it
so you know what am I gonna stop making
these videos for you now understand our
villains we just got to Tony's place and
he's about to see his present you
thing's gonna be excited I think so
y'all villains so did you know how I
told you about I used to drive a 50cc
moped scooter you wanna know what my
first car was a Yoda Celica 1995 D
people I was my first car exactly the
same color same everything if you want
something in life would you say I'm
living an American Dream where it's too
early no I think so yeah I mean if you
merican dream I mean my goals are not
even halfway done not even 20 or not 25%
maybe but that's I'm bringing you
through this whole journey with me guys
you and I and all of us happy birthday
bro because I always look nice what's up
bro how are you thank you sir you
brought me a G Wagen it's waiting loves
what you get my shoes bro we're gonna be
tweeting bro black on black
Gucci game that's awesome flavor Rippy
Rippy
oh my god I've needed shoes for months
oh my god
just little boom we got to go we got to
go do something slip-ons
yeah they said you're good I wish they
could smell me but they can't I got you
a gift receipt so if you want to sell
those shoes for crack you're welcome bro
I'm wearing these tonight yep this is
Tony city you want it sells driving you
fought a bull you've jumped out of a
plane I've never seen you so nervous
girls drive Highbury nah I'm kidding all
jokes aside of course girls can't drive
but though I trust girls no I don't buy
her joy trust her yes they do go and
she's gonna snapshot at the same time
yeah I think you got to put her in
Reverse before you go somewhere and you
got it
Wow
doesn't it feel like a tank Tommy this
is what you're driving on the streets
who are you upgrade the discs are
vitally so we decided to go to dinner
tonight so stakeouts we haven't eaten
steak in a while it's pure Gaines I mean
I see trails everywhere you guys see the
trails looking on lighting lighting
lighting
nah but for real your sister goes how we
gonna take breed to dinner
free soul a bag that shoes won't even
complained do you understand all we did
in the past days we fucking read books
we went to the library I figured a
romantic walk because do you think
yesterday I went to the movies bro I was
watching the movie I know hold their
hand the whole time but she's looking in
your and my soul you know there's some
girls that you just like hold hands or
give me out whatever I'm just like cool
when you hold a hand even it strikes and
you're like wow my soul mate
you're welcome brick you hooked it up hi
guys it's Tony's birthday so we are
going to dinner are you ready for some
meat at the home look look how many of
us game whoa almost raw hi guys good
this we're all gonna fit in my car who's
going where okay we got two in the trunk
of filming while I'm committing a crime
nice and putting on line come on Bri
you're in the front
where's Brees in the front Oh gentlemen
right here gentlemen thank you brother I
got you bro hi guys
do you pinky promise okay there's this
guy driving around promoting his movies
Danis Woodroof show calm you guys make
sure to check it out give them a like
and chats right baby
yeah we gotta stand to love your way
tell them where to check out your movies
yep that's right doing guys right here
she makes movies online that's awesome
I'll be in your movie for real I love
you I love you I Bobby welcome guys
welcome Wow
all out of one car so basically this
steak house is unlimited steaks although
the kitchen they might start taking
their backwards or whatever cuz we're
not stopping tonight if you're
approaching right through dance well I
got the car throw under the steak steak
steak for days but rabbit oh yeah
so when the green card slips over up
that means to go red means no green
means yes oh yes I want to show them how
good it is oh no Lauren Lauren I have a
prank today I need some games
yeah no prank now practice let me see
how juicy don't look - let me take a
bite into it
go kill 11 this is my son his name is
Leo stop leo
but sadly don't sell guys I think you
should talk to that cute over there
what's up boy
birthday boy how's the steak it's
chicken but it's delicious one of each
yes please oh my god yes okay it has so
much sauce it's so juicy it's so squirty
not if it's that it's not even the
focusing the camera we're making a movie
in this steak house we're making a movie
in the steak house look at this you
serious Wow Wow
I want to buy that for my house alright
I think it's time no do it
Morse Vegas Thank You amber Charlie's
back on top number one thank you got it
five hours later
oh my god who ordered that who ordered
that snap for me guys that is not for me
guys it's not guys it's not mine guys
it's not it's not me
you guys missed five minutes since we're
being eating dessert and your candles
still all I know what you mean ah whoo
that was a lot of freaking dinner Leo
did you enjoy it
yes that was a lot guys you see that
beef that steak everything bro I'm gonna
call you out of the vlog not talk to her
I know it would be a double date you did
not talk to her why did you not talk to
her to you guys Wow at least you're
honest bro I'd round to next time right
as if you made it to the end please
leave a like on this video
turn your post notifications on if you
haven't gotten your merch yet villains
never die comrades ladies in shirts we
launched it it's a gold gonna be there
probably for a few more days and it's
gone forever
hi guys it's your life your choice do
whatever the fuck you want in this life
I know I shouldn't be like cursing every
time we'll do whatever the fuck so I'm
gonna kind of switch up that outro do
whatever you want in this life it's your
life your choice the world is yours and
it's beautiful love you guys so much
make sure you slept like in this video
and I'll see you tomorrow that's Daniel
