gee I'm ripping that fucking flowing
badge and this is vlog medication
they're not gonna tell me not to film in
there I do whatever the fuck I wanna do
what's up villains welcome to another
video I know it's got a different intro
right I'm doing in the parking garage
it's a late start of the vlog today
because you know I had to take care of
some business
oh speaking of last night last night was
awesome for me to know what happened are
you two found out yo leo is freaky not
as much in the game right now is it
selling like God Church no no for real
guys if you haven't got your hoodies yet
shirts past villains never died calm
damn that looks fresh villains never die
calm go right now
get your merch let's talk about this I
saw comments saying you should name this
White Russian it's not a bad name what
do you think why Russian alright alright
I told you guys I'm reading your
comments so right now we actually got
invited to a Chris Rock Show but since
I'm late with my responses because I'm
so busy making this videos and I can
barely check my phone I fucked up and it
was late so I think we got VIP tickets
to meet Chris Rock we missed a show
about we're gonna go meet him let's go
meet
let's talk about my video got
demonetised with brie I don't give a
shit about that the D monetization thing
it's not setting to all the subscribers
not a lot of people are getting the
notification so guys start that little
fucking Bell on I don't know where it is
and I turned that Bell on both
certifications please guys turn them on
I asked the last video to get a hundred
thousand likes I hope I'll get it I
don't know how long it's gonna take
because the fucking videos is not
sending to my subscribers but I wanna go
to Vegas I want to go to Vegas this week
for Tony's birthday and I told him and
everybody that will only go forget a
hundred thousand likes guys so if you
want to stop watching this video right
now and go my previous video and like
the shit out of that video that video
was so awesome do you not wanna they
would breathe fake arrested helicopter
what is YouTube becoming now it's
alright I'm not complaining because of
its REM sensor it's gonna come out and
it's gonna be hot
it's gonna be hot battalion sensor is
gonna be hot girls titties everything
GoPro in the bedroom ay-ay-ay
so you definitely can bring this camera
no we're not putting pranks I'm meeting
Chris wrong I like your energy no guilt
did you see there over the night yeah
yeah yeah yeah 12 hours oh my god
tonight I think you grew up towards
Brooke no it's a picture of us top bro I
see what's up
what's my name then we could take a
picture
alright villains so we just got to the
Dolby Theatre Chris Rock actually hooked
me up with gas tickets you see the
species yes super happy thank you so
much Chris Rock Thank You Dennis Dennis
Boston and are you watching - thank you
for the hook-up I thought I'm only gonna
get guest tickets that means where you
meet him after but I don't have seating
tickets and they were all sold out but
now I just came here for the
meet-and-greet for the blog to meet
Chris Rock and then I find out to have
regular tickets - it's like goddamn I
was gonna take my mom on a date now the
show already started we're later call my
mama's like you want to come she's like
no so Leah you're coming with me this
camera can go inside they're using
stupid phones out you I'm ripping that
fucking floor Roger and this is vlog
dedication paint not gonna tell me not
to film in there I do whatever the fuck
I want to do do you know what I mean I
know what you mean a mini Chris Rock of
course I'm gonna take a picture of
course they're gonna film
so we're checking in this camera right
now because we can't film but these are
the pouches this is crazy right this is
so cool I've never seen anything like
this before
go away just only camera for your friend
thank you thank you thanks guys
yo that was that was kind of awkward so
my boy that's really close friends with
Chris Rock the Gayle come and meet him
meet him meet him but he didn't put you
together you saw that after I walked
away I think he realized who I was they
didn't let the big cameras they were so
anal about it I don't care you know I
don't care
because I know I'm gonna work with Chris
Chris Brown I was about to say I know
I'm gonna work with Chris Rock I know
I'm gonna do it just like I said on the
same corner right here show over here
I said I met Stevo and I'm like I'm not
gonna take a picture with him that was
in 2010 I said I'm not gonna take a
picture with him because I am gonna work
with them but I think I already said
that as an example it's a great
inspiration I know I'm gonna work with
this person I just took that little cool
Instagram you know that little Instagram
flower but at the end of the day
pictures doesn't matter what's gonna
matter so he's gonna be in my movie and
one day I'll rewind this video and show
you what exactly what I meant
many more villains many more villains a
hobo or what's up how's your favorite
video I want to know what's your
favorite video it's steroids that's the
recent one so you've been watching the
videos
hey wait he just told his girlfriend
suck your stomach in yeah that was crazy
I can't believe Easter that's good
girlfriend oh this world is so fucked up
and I'm fucked up too because right here
on this corner in 2010 jackass 3d was
that 2010 2010 I had no money no nothing
I was couch surfing I was driving
through California and I went to the
premiere I didn't have tickets
the record was right here I was right
here steve-o got out thousands thousands
of people around him trying to take
pictures this is me right here
right here and I was just looking like
this I was looking like this Mike I
don't need that picture I don't need
that picture because one day I'm gonna
work with him guess what
three years later we filmed in that
corner three years see that's an example
if you believe in something it can
happen it's a minor example I love using
that fucking example because that just
proves if you're believing something you
can fuck yeah okay guys so I just got to
my mom's house and I need against
something you know what's funny another
inspirational story about this I used to
do this in the back of the bus in middle
school zero English and now smoke weed
with Snoop Dogg is that crazy that's
pretty crazy with zero English oh hey I
need my shit
I need my ship my ship I need my ship
I need my shit I need my shit yeah my
shit I need my grass I'm going to the
movies with grease I need it I need to
get a little funny funny you know the
funny funny alright ladies and gentlemen
I present you my
yes great okay anyway fun fact we're
going to the movies I know cute shit
yeah that's really cute yeah we're going
to the movies are you excited for the
movie yes sir artists you told me that's
the most your life I don't know I look
at this lighting look so great oh wow
I got a kiss it feels so special thank
you yeah what are you doing yeah you see
I have never
in my entire life you pay for my movie
tickets I told you not so I can pay you
serious Wow you serious
so I'm I being the gold digger right now
am I being the gold digger can she get a
hot dog week you know kidding she's
never ate a hot dog in her life you
believe that what a cruel world balloon
quickly you got jokes I think I never
had a chill dog like this this is like
the most chill it's ever been
I'm just trying to record as much face
time with her as I can so when I watch
the video just keep seeing are you gonna
insert a hot dog
it's 2:30 in the morning when the
chocolate walgreens yeah I don't see now
another chocolate guy you like candy all
right let's get aureus okay diet starts
tomorrow I which one you're getting no I
think it's bread inside I want to do the
ultra you think of the dollar ah no but
today overall was a great day late start
to the day we saw Chris Rock we got
kicked out it was crazy
hey guys thanks so much that was good
the movie was Austin is not a brand deal
disaster artist was pretty dope do you
know where to get my merch villains
never die calm but for real guys if you
haven't got your merch ahead get it
right now the link in the description
and I want you to the outro go give the
dog hey guys thanks so much for watching
ok make sure you buy his merch I really
want some because he says if you guys
buy how much shit how many should we do
I mean well and there goes my fucking
out room that's right you wandering wide
froze I don't know something happened to
the fucking SD card some error so here I
am right now guys it's the next day if
you're watching this this is today which
is Sunday guys thank you so much for
watching this vlog me and Bri eat the
cookies it was a cheat day but these
games don't stop cuz already went to the
gym that's why I'm sweating right now
anyways guys thank you for all the daily
support it's your life your choice thank
you so much for watching don't let
anybody tell you what to do do what have
a fucking one in this life and comment
below what do you guys want to see more
of in these vlogs thank you so much for
watching I'm gonna start this vlog and
if you haven't got your merchant right
now villains never died calm
right now hoodie sure that I'll see you
guys tomorrow Sudan you take it one for
the team that's my boy hell yeah dude
