you know why I'm pulling you over sir
your hands on top of the wheel until I
return
what's up villains welcome to another
video so today I'm going on a date with
brie fries the girl that we got 50,000
likes and I said if I get 50,000 like
she's gonna go on the date with me today
is that day but before we're going that
date I got a police officer named Harvey
you gotta pull this over for our date
I just arrest her and just go as hard as
you wanted her she's a little blonde
innocent girl she's gonna have to pay
the price to go on a date with me I'll
put her tears parent to you a little
aggressive but after the tears I got
this beautiful flowers I Venice Fleur
and I got a little note for her now
we're gonna go pick her up and let's see
what kind of reaction we're gonna get
okay guys so we about to pick her up
basically the story is last week I met
her and I said if I get 50,000 like
we'll go on the date and she agreed so
right now leo is gonna be filming in the
back GoPro in the front we're gonna
bring her I'm nervous dude excited I'm
excited nervous
okay villains just got the text that
she's coming out feel bad for her I'm
nervous my heart's beating it's gonna be
great fog dude I forgot something what
the towel for her seat in the top of our
seat you serious you mean what's up how
are you why you shy why are you shy i
got 50,000 like you camera shot dude
they should open the door for every lady
every lady don't worry I'm not just
doing that on camera that's how I really
am what's up yeah I don't know what to
expect this is for vlogs so just ignore
the camera
like we're just naturally don't wear so
are you I'm good how was your trip I was
good Miami was awesome so we're gonna do
this little game it's unexpected
interview I'm gonna ask you a few
questions and you have the answer why
does the square feet to come in the
round box because that's the way they
made it in a movie theater which arm
rest is yours if I had or where any guy
had a sex with a prostitute against her
will
would it consider shoplifting or rape
I'm asking you a normal question for
free no there's no such thing as rapists
surprise surprise bitch surprise last
question are you a few know just the
Bears oh you are yeah like I didn't know
well I didn't know we had sex in the
past life he's probably gonna be a
healthy baby
are you on your period I am actually you
need to hook your sister up with Leo
Levi needs a date guys right look at
this handsome little boy right I watched
any of your videos and it was very
touching
which 100 widely porn yeah I didn't know
like oh my back story I shouldn't feel
bad it's just shows that if you want
something in life you yeah yeah I could
see that was like am I very lovable that
video was in the - no me actually like
you yeah would you consider yourself a
gold digger I have too big of dreams to
like just son what's your passion I want
to be like the face of gas that is like
what I really really want yeah I've been
working with them means there's not
we're gonna be in the same Netflix show
I you to put a gun to his head and he
screamed at me so when I asked for those
50,000 likes good ones by the way you
guys killed it I saw her Twitter she's
like helping get 50,000 left so you want
a day I thought it was cool I was like
you're obviously cute Thanks it makes me
feel better
did I say I can't wait to get back from
Miami yes I know no one stopped talking
about morning girls like I get so many
girls sure like you I think you do you
mean I haven't seen a girl or dated a
girl or like I don't date girls I only
had one girlfriend in my entire life how
many boyfriends did you have I don't
really date too much rippen did no no
it's kind of I guess it's kind of hard
to take me
oh no what do you think what I think
about what you totally did
why are you laughing because I saw your
you know why I'm pulling you over sir
stops on a Hawthorne and pull over
driver's license please
she was talking to put your hands on top
of the wheel until I return you don't
talk to me first
here's that you would have no less than
three warrants for your arrest in the
last year what do you talk now I went to
court for those things
we exit the vehicle flapping your
fingers behind your head
do it now so they're good
and I'm gonna need you to exit the
vehicle
you're too late
do not be aggressive and it's been
knowing that he has had a female
accomplice on all three cases I have to
assume that's you yeah the right to
remain silent anything you say can and
will be used against you in court of law
she never get her out of the car back
here be like I'm gonna let you go but
get one final thing to say to you before
I take you away
now that's the perfect time the perfect
life material
she's a perfect wife you know she
doesn't give a fuck hi y'all
what do you think you're doing
oh the most badass girl everything no
that's such a wife material she was
laughing oh yeah well this is just the
beginning of our date
read the note out loud roses are and I
have tons of class therefore I'm eating
your ass what are you like 50/50 okay
when you pulled you over
I definitely saw him run the stop signs
yeah I was like oh he's doing it again
sanguine like with all the warrants like
maybe because I thought it was like fuck
it
well that's just the start of the day ah
sorry for the support you didn't know it
just simply don't sleep the coolest
thing ever
nobody ever gets you flowers so yeah
really well I'm your daddy
overall conclusion of this prank that
she's a badass
I like kirtland she didn't give a fuck
you from my movie true romance if we go
down we'll go down together
so that was fucking that was a really
true fucking romance what just happened
to us when I Drive I make my own rules
okay guys before our activity at 4:00
p.m. that means two hours from now
you're excited you know
no we're now we're gonna get something
to eat and then we're gonna go up 4 p.m.
somewhere I can let him know where it is
kind of like a surprise but you're
probably not gonna be surprised I know
you probably do the shit on the regular
no you don't get a restaurant regularly
no what about Hank up things to the bed
and stuff like that I got 50,000 likes
so that means I owe her no I just
realized something she wants to tag I'm
kidding I'm kidding she's not like that
actually I just bought her lunch and
it's not like always paper goods but she
said thank you do you understand
I have maybe once in my lifetime a girl
told me thank you and I'm serious that
was the biggest
I mean just just even that thank you
means a lot to me if you guys watching
this video just be thankful for
everything and ladies always thank you
ladies yeah ladies always say thank you
just little things like this matter
yeah okay guys so Tony joined us on the
prank obviously no no it was love at
first sight nah I saw her I was like
she's cute I was like I don't know I
want to challenge myself I don't wanna
just ask for her number and like let's
go on today or whatever it's like I
gotta work for it I want to see if
villains can do 50,000 likes and they
fuckin know my mom actually she's like
anything so nice like no longer like a
bad boy okay I'm a peru's oh the wedding
day
wait if this video gets 200,000 likes
we're getting married in Vegas we should
go to Vegas cuz I didn't Billina those
gambling things I got a card that says
it's just I gambled so much you get a
free room you lost a lot that day
another challenge hundred thousand like
we gotta make time for his birthday
we're recording the whole thing I'm
jumping into Bellagio fountain and
actually moving a hundred thousand likes
on this video villains I know you can do
it and then you get to see her you get
to see more of us and maybe I'll put a
GoPro in the bedroom
you guys never know well your mom is
watching mom what's her name
hi Gwen thanks for liking me I'm a
really nice guy and yeah she's uh she's
a really good girl I'll keep her good
nothing crazy
I see a little bit Talia that's about it
okay villains so we just finished having
lunch and you know our next location
Compton plays at Santa Monica yeah have
you been to Compton you know what they
say wants to go black you never come
back you never know you might come on a
little piece of chocolate and you know I
love chocolate all jokes aside we're
going to Compton it's gonna be a dope
activity I think you'll be excited and
we're headed there now
and we are here there is my boy copter
pilot coming through always what's up
baby speak honestly we're guys right
he's amazing a little safety we didn't
strap her in yeah hang out and have some
fun you up close to the Hollywood sign
make some pictures man tried to get
liquor okay guys it's time are you ready
yeah and now roll the montage like we're
in love
you
yeah did you have fun yeah that was
amazing make sure you guys follow my boy
custom pilot make sure you guys follow
them on instagram the link in the
description copter pilot we're gonna put
a little tag on you right here yeah
let's put it right here in your chest
but they got a big heart you always take
care of me copter pilot and did you have
fun yeah I really wanted to push her out
but you know seed bombs we'll do it next
time
I feel water though yeah over the water
oh yeah so now we're gonna head back
home we're gonna take a little break
from each other now because we're tired
because we're gonna change for tonight
because we're going out tonight we're
going to dinner and then we're gonna go
out clubbing all right villains we just
got back I'm gonna drop her off and what
three hours three hours we are going to
dinner then we're going to the club and
also oh shit I completely forgot 100,000
likes and I'm gonna have to take her to
Vegas hold I'm not gonna have to take
her I want to take her it's Tony's
birthday 100,000 likes on this video
villains you did 50,000 likes that's
what we're in the date because of you
so if you do a hundred thousand likes we
are going to Vegas so smash this button
right now I guess I'm gonna see you in
three two one
in a sexy dress and oh my god I got a
red dress on tonight
hey shorter legs
thank you guys so much for watching this
video give it a big thumbs up your life
your choice don't let anybody tell you
what to do do whatever the fuck you want
to do that's what I'm hanging out with
her because I do whatever I want and
thank you guys so much if not you I
wouldn't be here today with her 100,000
likes we're going to Vegas don't need a
birthday coming up this week thank you
guys so much for watching and I'll see
you tomorrow and I'll let you know how
the night goes
lucky die now
