we can't test drive it okay
yeah whatever year you want to do at
this dealership you can do it you know
that your number one VIP what's up
villains welcome to another vlog doesn't
feel like we ever left we're back here
in LA great the gas prices I don't know
this city is just too expensive all
right now I'm gonna have to say goodbye
to this thing excuse me I have a
question can I ask a question this or a
g-wagon what do you think is about it a
white g-wagen I need your honest opinion
so interesting this girl their cars yeah
you're gonna look should we do a
giveaway for her what's your name just a
dollar nice to meet you now I want to go
get a jog and probably give this to my
mom but maybe if you deserve it maybe
I'll give it to you she got a beautiful
car look at this
a casting we're already doing a casting
right now but cool nice meeting you damn
leo she was cute maybe another date with
Jen Jen Jen Jenny Jeannie Jennifer
gelato all jokes aside I am going to
look at G wagons why Vitaly cuz I've
been in one I never drove one to Miami
that shit was honestly insane if this
car feel like a sucker mom and plus my
mom has an older car I feel like I
should give this car to my mom and get
that G whack I need your guy's help
right now we're gonna go look at it
and in the comments you can tell me yes
and no if I get that car that will be an
everyday car for me for Leo for the film
or for my friends for the vlogs but the
Aventador that I want to get ahead that
I want to get in March will be just for
me and girls like that but you saw at
the gas station and Bria force I just
need your help guys let's go look at the
G Wagen this is right here the man the
myth the legend Cartman you saw me the
other car thank you where the Mercedes
Glendale what you got for me today G 63
baby I know I drove one in Miami this is
custom for Vitaly it's the only car in
the shore lock we're not letting anyone
get inside of the table I'm gonna throw
up right now
yo package two tall black with the white
you're going Christmas Happy New Year
look at the interior
Lord red oh man oh this is what a
villain car should look like oh you got
a present for me today you know things
goes hard damn that's nice oh we can't
test drive it can you can you get
whatever year you want to do at this
dealership
you can do it brother you know that your
number one VIP thanks guys
engine this is the guy Congrats bro
every AMG has a seizure of the prison
that building look at that wow this is a
tank I have to drive this off not today
not tomorrow early next week what do you
think villains in the comments tell
privy there's like a military I know and
when I drive on the highway in this car
I'm not scared of anybody you know you
don't want to even close to this car
this power man it's like a tank it feels
like it I'm pretty safe in this car oh
yeah but all the risks you take with
your videos at least in your car you
gonna be safe baby if you gotta make a
quick getaway this is fucking crazy I
honestly came just to look at the car
but you know what I'm not gonna lie I'm
not a soccer mom I'm a villain so I need
a nice little gyi Kimberly this is the
number-one feeling car baby I'm sorry
take care baby this guy right here
Glendale Wow just like things but get
the fuck out the best or nothing for the
best or Nothing prankster in the world I
got a hot date tomorrow
oh I gotta get a towel for the seeds you
know let's go let's go let's fucking get
me out get me out get me out quick yo
you're on the blog what do you think
about the car smiling bro my face is
gonna rip dude this is salsa bro yeah
over the fear right I did
I have never drove a g-wagen in my life
before I drove it this is a this is me
this is villain this is screams ooh
tally dad screams mom this is it
wait Oh
oh sorry that's supposed to do that do
whatever you want it just want to make
so much this is crazy once again ladies
driven armin van buuren your VIP like
natalia got to come deal with the VIP
managers come see your boy yeah start
motor oh shit i'm actually in the car
leo we were just talking about it a day
ago that i want to go look at it and
they gave me a good deal so i got it
holy fuck sorry guys I'm beyond excited
this is crazy this is crazy
thank you village they get for
everything I'm not showing off I'm just
showing you guys my daily life this is
vlog line this is just to show that if
you work hard enough for you can get
whatever the fuck you want in this life
it's your life your choice you can do
anything I used to flip a sign for $6 an
hour or fucking Uncle Sam taxes $6 an
hour I used to drive a moped 50cc four
years I got it to go to Celica after
that he just shows that if you really
want something in your lives you can get
it oh my god guys I hope you guys use
this as inspiration how do we know where
I'm going but I'm making a ride because
I'm going on the highway let's test out
hi guys so I'm picking up my best friend
Tony and Tony has no idea I got this car
I said y'all got to show you something I
told y'all I told you shit fuckin fire
we don't need a Lambo we'll shoot in
here all the girls he's got got nervous
over here are you excited are you
excited I didn't realize it was you I
was just like honking at me
okay villains so right now it's time to
show the car to my mom I'm so nervous
you know how my mom gets for you look
was my dad bought me that you never
introduced me to this is my new car mom
you like my tree do you like this I was
gonna get you the other car but they're
like will want to take you back you can
have this car and when your mom wants to
come in and pick her own car that she
wants cuz I said you like convertible
gonna pick for you so whenever you want
to come in and you're ready for your car
let me know I got a fuckin new car how
can I slow down how can I slow down
I finally driving what I want to do
I think I'm gonna call it panda to be
like he's better than the other one no I
mean that's Pam's here she like the car
alright villains just got home thank you
so much for watching this video I know
it's kind of occurring I just wanted to
end in front of this beautiful
welcome to the family we need to give it
a name panda and it's pretty good what
do you guys think in the comments leave
the comments below and also also also
let's get this video to 100,000 likes
you guys if you like my car if you
inspired 100,000 likes go ahead and do
that because tomorrow is gonna be
another lip vlog we're going on a date
with BRE while I'm sorry I'm going to R
if you guys haven't got your mercy has
villains never died calm telling out
pretty fast get it now the link is in
the description below and I gotta go put
this ban on my neck cuz your Boise
cripples but once again your life your
choice don't let anybody tell you what
do the you know how many people told me
I can't do this I can't do deck into
that and the car speaks for itself
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you so much hundred thousand like
and I'll see you tomorrow the Soudan yes
