what's up villains welcome to another
video thank you so much for coming back
we are officially leaving Florida very
sad bro look at the traffic we're headed
to Miami the doctor wants to see me one
more time make some after pictures then
I'm having a meeting then I gotta return
this beautiful freaky g-wagen that I
might actually get into late 2018 I
don't know my brain is just going
everywhere right now but then we're
flying back to LA a lot of things to
take care of it down in LA and it's
gonna be a crazy month of December we're
filming a Netflix show guys coming along
for the ride it's a lot of big pranks
that I'm pulling you're just gonna be a
good month over all the things I'm going
to do back everything's okay the doctor
got a nice BMW I got that g-wagen from a
pH club and never got the rolls-royce
right now we're about to have a meeting
cam film out you guys know later handle
my some random negative in Atlanta see
only see when she feels obligated
admitted a lot of people asking on the
YouTube video comment tell ya fuckin
write song with Drake and Lil Wayne is
that you Vitaly
that is me and that music video guys if
you're watching it that happened like
seven or eight years ago I was being an
extra for 75
there's old days 12 hours on set how did
I get cash the wall was Bart's mince pie
we're casting for Jewish looking people
I ain't Jewish but I got that nose they
casted me your boy stole the camera your
boy was a camera whore if you haven't
seen it yet tell you fucking right
that's right drink a lil wayne' we're
gonna go return the car it was a great
week in Florida honestly kind of want to
move back but I can for what I do
everything is in LA I really want to do
move back villains never died calm
finally launched merge tats hoodies I
can't wait to get back to LA and we're
there honey I've got more stuff coming
in it's gonna be hot if you guys haven't
got your merch yet villains never die
calm you guys have been asking me for
months limb at a time it's gonna be gone
check out the link in the description
bye now or regret it later so since we
booked us tickets the last second on
Thanksgiving of the do a layover in
Minneapolis you know anything in
Minneapolis no really all I know is
gonna be a Super Bowl this year in
Minneapolis
yeah excited to get back to LA we got
that date with Bree on Friday
oh that day you ready for that day I'm
willing where while he's 32 really young
my you ready
I'm freakin ready you think more excited
to get back to LA gonna take a nap right
now
and get off the plane and I have a
layover and another fucking nap and then
I'm finally back home
welcome to Minneapolis okay okay all
right villains playing number two um
right now we're putting this blog
surprising little pom-pom yesterday on
the plane this dedication we've got to
get it up guys I'm gonna be more
consistent on time but right now we're
all over the place but at least I'm
providing footage every day so just
afloat a brand new video surprising
little pomp would just got back to LA
and I had to take my neck bracelet off
because it was so tight I had to take it
off for like 20 minutes we're back home
and it's freaking cold chilly that's why
I got my hoodie now back to the gains
tomorrow you know that Leah gays now
diets wouldn't mean that I was going huh
but dye is gonna get it a little bit
extreme art it's gonna be a month of
December it's gonna be a lot of holidays
gonna be a lot of rings gonna be a lot
of vlog is gonna be like mashed potatoes
so you guys better follow this journey
if you haven't subscribed yet make sure
you subscribe it become a villa or
heading home right now hopefully I
haven't got robbed let's see what's up
at home whoa we finally got home guys
super tired from long day of traveling
listen to me guys so a few vlogs the way
I was gonna give you as a hoodie I
cannot get ahold of you in the comments
so from now I'm gonna do differently
come with your Instagram username to
make sure you follow me and comment
right now under this video if you want
to win this hoodie because I'm a man of
my word I want to give it to you guys
and if you haven't got your merchants
villains never dies calm get your hats
hoodies old editions limited edition
it's gonna be gone this week so make
sure you get it now link in the
description villains ever die calm and
also Friday today's you know we're going
they with pre right well we talked about
that you're gonna be third-wheeling but
we need to get your date we need Leo day
right I'm gonna hook my boy Lee up on a
day look at it's getting a little pretty
boy hi hi hi I'm gonna go to sleep got
to make some games tomorrow
another day another vlog tomorrow
another video if you made it to that and
please give this video a big thumbs up
and it's your life your choice guys
don't let anybody tell you what to do it
come a villain I guys see you tomorrow
that's dude I know
