what's up villains welcome to another
vlog my neck is good the reveal is
tomorrow but right now with my man
Aguinaldo yesterday we said or the vlog
two logs before you can get a free
dessert but but now people are coming
trying to prank you what did the guy do
it he will dress up as a such with the
head and a badge and pants and
everything yeah and then it comes to me
like a show in your picture you know
this man you notice me I know this man
no wait is he Heidi and I say well he's
I don't know he was here yesterday and
he goes oh is it coming here today in a
huge crew the picture what about this
guy here and I think you show your men
here really yeah and then I'll say wow
no I don't know that guy but that were
not serious right yeah definitely not
serious he was like a bad actor yeah
better actor do you faking you're not
gonna be at Ali's level he's trying to
find out when you're gonna be here to
come and meet you and then he pull up on
this one a leash of press they tried to
make you do make a walk for him I wish I
should kill across this guy by the
surgery despite how I feel despite how
I'm craving bad food the games don't
stop omelette spinach tomato onions and
chicken butts get these gains boys I
just want to say this that I'm freaking
happy again I think it's the daily
uploads right dude yeah I think now I
know what I was missing in my life I
said I wasn't depressed I just was out
of the place and I found my true love
again to make this videos I'm not
stopping how about that right now my old
high school are gonna try to pull in
bulk her it's on high school that's
right right here look at this Oh
you know how the high school days works
now so I used to go to high school here
and the funny stories that I got
expelled that's right in the 11th grade
I got expelled
vitaliy where'd you get expelled for my
history teacher was grading final exam
answers for the whole county Palm Beach
County I saw him he talked about it
which was kind of stupid of him I waited
till the class was over everybody left
the classroom he goes to the bathroom I
think after every class so then I went
back inside the class took the exam
answers sold it to the whole school to
the whole county everybody who got an a
on the test they made him retake it
because my best friend girlfriend a
little fucking bitch snitched on me I
stole him for 20 bucks you know the
hustle was real eleventh grade but I got
sent to Florida Virtual School which is
a home school online which I'm thankful
for because I just used Google copy and
paste the whole time I literally copied
the question and pasted it for the 12
grade I went back and I graduated with
3.5 GPA it's obviously copying people
but uh and I was the last one to walk
the stage cuz my last name is Durham NC
z mr. gotta I don't know if you're
watching this my Spanish teacher you
told me I'm gonna be a bum uh yeah it's
funny how life works right I think
everybody knows me here probably I don't
know a star kids yeah yeah yeah what's
up bro how was school you know me you
know me what's my name
it starts with a V if you want always oh
yeah there's a Whole Foods around here
right now that everyone's gonna get out
from school and go there and there's a
lot of a lot of milfs
Florida is known we're the best moms in
the world let's see if we can pick up
some moms looking like this yeah guys do
you know where I can find some moms
yeah not a mom come on you're underage
Oh whole foods right hell yeah a lot of
people like Vitaly we tell you why you
only bring black people I started this
pranks in the hood I prank black people
because they give the best reaction ever
I love black people I love my chocolate
they literally give me the best
reactions ever do you know what white
people do i'm calling 9-1-1 fucking
ridiculous to be honest don't be soft
it's comedy people it's comedy I know
races Russian real Russian like
something of us with a V yeah if you get
in three tries they give you 20 bucks
Guinea and okay I'll give you a second
letter bi you slip a right on top of
English wrong I never lived in Lake
Worth Florida
I grew up bulk on my whole life yeah I
did a video on Santa Lucia's girls
anyways I give you 20 bucks bro
cuz you're the fucking man bro have a
good day appreciate it man
I know he came up here so I couldn't
pick up any moms but I actually tried
one via right yeah and her daughters
came up that was crazy you can pick up
moms here and she's my mom
anyways right now gonna text message
from a manager of this artist do you
know the song Gucci gang
yes buy a little pump we're going to
little pumps concert right now in Miami
this is crazy but I was like I don't
want to come empty-handed I got to get
his managers and him some Gucci gifts
okay guys so they kicked us out but I
ended up getting two gifts wallet and it
has those are sick I can't believe I let
you report that look if you spend like
that kind of money for president or like
for yourself you should be able to
record in the store like that so that's
my old store Hollister did you know what
I did there Lea
when I was 17 I had long long hair I was
folding the clothes I was one of their
models now look at you buying Gucci
yeah so I just pulled over upload the
vlog B I was working on it what's up Lea
guys so I just took this all for my
first thought when you look so much
different like I don't know are you
serious I was gonna reveal my face
tomorrow but I'm not going in like this
not because I'm embarrassed or you think
this thing is so hot doctor told me I
can take it off for an hour hour and a
half that's how long I'm gonna be there
anyways and it's still a little bit
swollen like if you can't tell the guys
this is all swollen should take three to
four days yeah we just got here holy
shit look at all these people
no bonus video fuck this little pump
whip it up
check this down another one just left
the show and I gotta tell you guys
something that Jeff was bumping I
respect him respect the kid he's on his
grind he's making money he's young he's
17 people loved him he loved the scarf
he's managed you're like the wallet it
was a nice little knife we got something
dope done for the vlog so now we headed
back to Boca the weather is so bipolar
it's raining it's not raining it's
raining tomorrow we're leaving Miami are
you sad Lea yeah Miami is over I got a
Netflix show to film back in LA so I
gotta go back I gotta get back my gains
back to the games
okay guys so we drove to Miami ten times
on this trip Boca is one hour away from
Miami that's 60 to 70 miles a trip
that's 140 a day ten times of that you
can do the math because I don't know yo
this is crazy this is okay right now but
there's parts but you can
frickin Road we're gonna go home back
road you go on the opposite side of the
freeway there's an accident
there's an exodus we should wait what am
i doing you're literally opposite side
dude that was that was an accident that
it's at that traffic stop I'm gonna make
it I'm gonna make I'm gonna go slow
you're going the right way this time and
my fans back on it you guys know it is
oh dude I want to get this car when I
get back and I was talking about that
event ago but uh for now but dude this G
wagons drive like a tank this is my
first time driving a Jew bidding G Wagen
is worth driving it you feel like you're
on top of everybody screw everybody
being away I went five villains thank
you so much for watching this video I'm
going to bed I gotta wake up where they
got a doctor tomorrow if you guys
haven't got you emergency at doors never
die come get your hat so these shirts
gonna wake up early thank you so much
your life your choice do whatever the
fuck you want I don't see you tomorrow
