what's up villains welcome to another
vlog if you're wondering why am I here
at doctor results office well as you
guys some of you know most of you know a
bowl broke my jaw a year ago I've got
two plates in my my jaw you turn
sideways whose jaw ended up a little bit
shorter because of the fracture so we're
gonna work on this little bit right here
I have a procedure called the angle and
the angle is gonna take care of this
little bit of extra tissue that was left
over from the fracture so we're gonna
make them even better looking that's why
when you guys see it when I turn like
this like this is because of that
incident what's your real name
yes dr. solare by yo-yo thank ya and
then Norma recommended me tada good
thank you
so what's the procedure what do you find
lipo of the neck with a micro cannula
that I designed so I call it the angle
and it's a great procedure for young
people have a little excess fat down
here it takes 20 minutes and it changes
your life makes you look younger
prettier with these man that's what
you're feeling in there I will never
look at fake boobs the same again so
what if I girl had a runner for a girl
and I just took a needle did that sir
how would be bad you could do this to a
girl you can't poke her I wanted to
share with you guys the main reason why
I was coming to Miami this is the reason
guys has been ongoing for like a year I
was looking for a doctor I finally found
it dope doctor good reviews Norway
recommended me and now I'm here today to
do this and you know you make mistakes
in life like this with the I didn't
thing I'm gonna break my jaw but I did
and you gotta pay the consequences
that's a fucking fatty I don't trust the
doctors in us I trust her trust in
nurses and stuff one time oh I went to
get STD or not not as she not STD check
fully fully like check I was a kid
hey no as a doctor took her they need to
put a piece of cotton on it and then it
hold it okay you can let it go now I'll
let her go the blood squirted into a
ceiling and after that I was so so
scared of that said your boy is about to
be out good night I'm gonna wake up like
a brand new person by happy juice I we
can go into surgery one of my daily
happy Jews always
by holding up their italics
I'm very good okay about they about to
inject more happy water so stay tuned
this is the happy juice 2.0 honestly
they think they give me happy too but
you just like water or liquid or
something I feel nothing yo I love you
I
I can see two of you right now
Leo's are you yeah it is me for sure 100
oh no no no mate we gotta go big now
ranking pranksters so brother dude the
surgery went really good very good
we just had good we just had a little
problem with with putting the hey put
some pig gotta stop it you did awesome
you say hi to your fans hey guys
I had a fucking exchanger or in Google
News guy ROFL live yeah
strong dude look at the muscles on this
guy that girl died nerves was his name
maybe we'll make it unintentional love
always hold your
she's awesome
thank you so much I like your energy
okay I want you to look at the camera
and say thank you villain so much for
watching you should like this video give
Tolly thank you villain thank you for
watching pleasure having you
jolly thumbs up alright villain thank
you for watching this video if you liked
it thumbs up that's right I got car keys
are in your pocket oh that's my car I'm
sorry to say my views did you're
entertaining though I think there were
girls
thank you so much for watching if you're
watching this give this video tell you
five thousand words I make them do it
oh oh why we're gonna happen hey listen
I just had a surgery that's all that's
more you attend their profile so guys
the angle 20-minute procedure that will
change your life if you take a look
already his profile younger thinner and
much better-looking so I have a question
the first female her I think my it just
might it makes you like just that much
better I don't look like my construction
we're done yeah I see a guy check out
his Facebook page for result since you
guys wanted the link is in description
alright but I really appreciate it that
you got away for an awesome guy ball see
you will have to go to LA and Hampshire
I'll be back to get my TV's done
all right villains Java got back to Boca
and I can't even really talk a lot of my
faces numb so I can't really say
anything or challenge I'm glad the
surgery went well I really needed this
he just bothered me and I couldn't lose
that fat because of that tissue like the
doctor said because of the bull so I'm
really happy I did it I'm already
getting compliment thank you
thank you so much thank you thank you
right now we're gonna go eat it just
relax there's two hours talking get back
to normal wow it's so swollen yeah
all right villains that was out of it
for the whole day now got home I'm gonna
go to bed new vlog tomorrow really I
look ridiculous all day like this guys
thank you for all your support my latest
video if you haven't got your emergency
at the villains never died comp lunch it
now that's witty shirt real guys to give
this video a thumbs up if you made it to
the end I'm gonna do my face reveal
maybe like in two days and also your
life your choice don't let anybody tell
you what you're doing live do whatever
the fuck you want to do thank you guys
love you and see you tomorrow
