what's up villains today I'm in South
Beach and this place is filled with nice
beachy booties I'm talking about ass for
days right now I'm gonna go around this
Beach and ask girls if I can eat there
but so freaking hungry goddamn girl that
a sneeze cheese's can I eat your ass
just one time really is that too rude
I'll be the terminus toilet paper for
your butt
really yeah where you guys from Miami
Heat dancer oh shit your team is gonna
see us though get your bud what's up why
how is that rude my mom is not gonna
cook me dinner in sushi welcome to Miami
damn girl look at that jungle booty can
I eat it no just one lick my mom didn't
cook me enough dinner tonight so I don't
have any dinner so I was just like
walking around the beach I want to eat
some ass nothing serious
what if what if I put a condom on my
tongue yeah quick question my friend do
you eat that ass though so I can't eat
her but I'm sorry but I just wanted to
polish it with my phone I guess now we
just have cameras before I do I do the
tally
no no no I was like I don't hit you know
I was like you're big now yeah I got a
little bigger that was a guy so that
means the fun bits all I can eat it now
no no yeah if you guys get 50,000 likes
on this video this video I'm gonna ask
boyfriends if I can't eat that
girlfriend's ass I was gonna be good
reactions what do you think Leo oh it's
gonna be a little dangerous I would say
but nothing stopping me god damn how
much you miss this Beach would you down
to Suffolk's agree with your booty and
just sit on my face no why not water
what about off-camera pay for that I can
pay you a quarter okay I'll give you 500
bucks 500 bucks yeah really
really why don't I swipe my credit card
on your ass and you're gonna go right in
yeah would so you would do for 500 bucks
see why money is in the issue the issue
is can you suffocate me until I stop
breathing she's down - oh you have a
nice butt
would you mind if I spread in the towel
on her butt and ate it if I ate in a
towel off her booty yeah
can I do it
translate for her no it's okay I'm very
hungry
turn around are you serious right now yo
you serious I'll give you a thousand for
that shit
excuse me how would you feel if I put a
lettuce tomato and a nice little patty
and just ate your butt what excuse me
guys you guys look like you have a zero
at song game do you mind if I eat their
ass are you serious I just wanted to eat
some ass
look at that so for real didn't Artie -
really - my tongue never got an STD I
promise you did anybody tell you that
your butt looks better than a peach
emoji your butt looks better than a
peach emoji your butt looks better than
the peach emoji you know that so that
means you like me
I get really that means I could stick my
tongue in swirl around nothing I'm just
a booty eater they know me as a local
booty tur you like that type of stuff
they care or is it I know I have to yeah
that's me but you were pretty sad to
come up there I don't really want to eat
your bud well maybe actually without the
cameras all right ladies I don't want to
be rude or anything but do you mind if I
licked the black out of you I'll just
turn you white just eat that ass for
days like there's no tomorrow
you down girl I'm not a crazy white boy
I mean whatever I say I mean it just
like Jeezy says if I'm gonna eat your
ass I mean it's
stopwhat Europe your black chocolate
boyfriend one dude so why don't you let
a fucking why do you do it
ice sorry I love you ladies you're cute
I love you thanks ladies
stay chocolate did anybody tell your
girls you have the most peachy sass on
this Beach can I eat it just one leg
please can I use your butt no why do
white yeah I eat it on a daily but
please please my mom told me come up to
you and do it my mom is watching I gotta
impress her I was gonna polish it but I
have a question for you I'm so tired do
you mind if I take a nap in your bud I'm
sorry I'm so exhausted I don't want to
walk to my hotel I'll just take a nice
little nap yeah for a second it will
cost me alright okay yeah of course
alright can I just lay on it just for
one one second one sec one second just
like this alright put your number in
batali
yeah oh my god did you see all that ass
you know I saw that was asked four days
I started making this video in Venice
Beach Santa Monica but I stopped I was
like no I need to go to South Beach
all those speeches buzz I just wanted to
eat for days if this video gets 50,000
likes guys I'm doing a video apart too
asking boyfriends if I can eat their
girlfriends asses that's right we're
gonna have a MasterCard but once again
guys if you didn't know I launched my
villains never died calm its emergence I
get your villain hats hoodies shirts
limited time offer and seriously guys
thank you for all the love in the latest
content I love you so much and I'll see
you guys tomorrow that's rude Anya
