what i'm fillin welcome to another vlog
thank you guys so much for coming back
today it's a beautiful day in south
beautiful clear blue sky so right now
I'm headed to the gym gonna do some
chest I'm gonna do a little cardio that
turkey last night man really got to me
dude yeah maybe had nine servings yeah I
probably should it 20 or to a failure
let's do this
so we're just driving around Meisner and
I found this beautiful little draw I
just said hi
beautiful little girl that's not it
weird shooting Megan what if your
friends saw you Megan online and that's
cool all right so it's Friday what are
you doing tonight what's your plans you
already got him cousin Ryan with your
plan of you what's your number five oh
eight five of when you get your phone
open I'll continue all right cool you
from Boca I just moved to Beaufort
Destin Florida oh nice whoa what are you
doing here you're seeing a my family
are you chopped tonight yeah all right
number I will hit you up please do I
will hit you up please do I will hit you
up please do I will hit you up she said
please do I will see you tonight and
we're gonna make love I will see you
tonight so if they're great work out I
was gonna head to Miami but you know
what I decided I'm gonna say Miami for
tomorrow and after tomorrow we're gonna
film crazy pranks right now it's getting
late 5:32 getting dark we have another
two hours we're headed to the mall right
now we're gonna drive around and pick up
girls in the g-wagon and she was a cutie
right Megan is a cutie
yeah I think so you think so you don't
think she's cute all right she's
actually pretty cute
okay you're embodying my boy so we got
to get this log up we're gonna connect
to a hot spot gonna get it up cuz
consistency is the key but you know what
I'm filling up the baby right now
the gas is so cheap in florida compared
to freakin uh-huh yeah california my
brain is going crazy right now because i
just drink some coffee I'm ready let's
see how much it costs to fill up a tank
of g-wagen
Brum about to cry
does anybody notice this is where I
started Deerfield Beach Florida this is
where I shot all my how to pick up girl
this is where I shot up all my first
Springs man brings back so many memories
let me know in the comments guys who was
in the beginning from this day it's so
different to film pranks here
why Vitaly Venice Beach it's all
tourists Santa Monica it's all tourists
locals usually give you the better
reaction did you know this is where it
all started for me this is where all
started it was just like this a girl by
herself sitting here on the beach
reading a book and you're not a tourist
and I'm coming here and talking to you
no but it's different I live in LA so
different now I do YouTube videos and I
used to live here five years ago
that's where it all started yeah what's
your name super hungover yeah so what's
your plans for tonight recover from a
hangover how about we Netflix and chill
Thanks do you like the pineapples and
it's your phone I forgot my phone in the
car because I'm uploading the video from
yesterday I'm gonna put my number in
your phone hit me up
I miss this look at how beautiful and
peaceful this is it's not a Pacific
Ocean it's Atlantic Ocean so it's nice
and calm people are normal you don't
smell weed everywhere not like I care
but you know everyone just high right
that's back in the day kastlevilla
you know I'm what are you reading you're
in school
see if you marry me you would not have
to go to school ever again ever
I'll be your sugar daddy for life but
text me I can be your friend I'll see
you later
it's Ali better leave the tally you
pronounce yeah All Right see you right
now yeah come on bro I could smell
something hold on
I can taste myself from five years ago I
was in this exact same spot and I got a
girl's phone number no bye guys all
jokes aside seriously what do you guys
do they hear that JA
no it's not the jaw it's sad the whole
jaws cracking but you just take a moment
I miss this place so much holy Sh just
realized villains never calm is
officially life the store is open for
the next 24 hours if you order anything
anything I'm picking one of you to go
fly out with me and Frank vlog and
everything I'm choosing a winner flying
you out from anywhere in the world one
winner for the next 24 hours if your
order we got a hoot shirts and hats it's
a limited time urge you better order in
next 24 hours villains never die dot-com
or link in description
yo check this out we've got a villa over
here and Deerfield Beach were you
watching this in a few days maybe like a
year ago yeah a year ago yeah I grew up
here man I really missed it yeah I
started an Instagram post about Boca I
was like he's talking about Florida I
don't talk about oh yeah hell yeah
Florida quick question trying to move
back here but it can't afford it you
think you got a spare room in your
bedroom I do yes that's my boy
you know I have to tell you something
which I don't
there's times when I wake up and I wish
I was black ya know and I'm being
serious maybe you know who I am but I'm
being actually see what don't you want
to be wypall why cuz black people got
swag I want to get them that mixtape
flip it and tumble it hey I get the bag
why mmm can only do it vitaliy okay I
like sandy hands thank you so much I ran
into most years those me and LeBron for
president yeah oh wow and then come on
what's the third one that's dedication
thanks so much dude thank you fun so we
just got to village and my all
restaurant that it's amazing Park and
this is my old manager
thank you for firing me argue it was
always my pleasure to fire you this time
yeah you know because at the end of it
you know in the bottle of this thing I
knew that I was fiery to success if you
didn't fire me I probably would be you
here oh you right here but this guy he
say look watch out you're gonna for
gonna sell five lobsters right there you
go you did it it's all the best waiter
whenever you want it even if you don't
want to nothing just drink it if I may
go Kimmy if you guys in Boca
check out Bellagio it's really dope
Italian restaurant yeah say Vitaly st.
you argue will take care of shake it
Dali for a free dessert I wanna
they beat Ali for free dessert I got you
everything now we clean up thank you yo
look at this oh my god little antipasto
you're right brah you're right Brock I'm
on a diet
you can't disrespect the owner he brings
you something on the table looking like
this you just got to go for it
well guys what you got over there
Fredo what you got over there so we just
ate here and our waiter slash manager
brings a check from Delage your
restaurant that hook ah thank you so
much John thank you so much Auggie thank
you to the logic guys if you're here and
Elijah a free dessert on them just say
Batali sanctuary but your people here
tomorrow
no for real guys if you both could check
out the logic tallien restaurant little
spot I didn't expect this by the way
that's not why I come here to eat
because the food is actually dope so I'm
really thankful
now we're gonna tip but I don't have any
cash we're gonna have to figure
something out want to be in my video hi
you want to hug me yeah
just a hug that's sweet why do girls
like to ask for hugs they need some love
in their life three is a good number get
another hug cool nice iron villains it's
a funny story so we here at lenok avenue
famous street in Delray Beach Florida
when I first started doing my pranks I
did a ridiculous ticket guy what I've
been doing lately but a little more
aggressive I was stopping traffic and be
like yo sir can I see your ID you're
making wrong turns blah blah blah
literally I didn't say I was a cop I
didn't say anything just an orange vest
shirt reflective construction shirt I go
home upload the video two days later at
7 o'clock in the morning I used to drive
a moped of the day so no seven o'clock
in the morning the cops show up at my
door and knock and say hey we need to
speak to the tally to my mom my mom
comes up and the cops lied to her that I
had something wrong with my scooter and
they needed you I don't know what they
said but my mom got me to go down in my
boxers and the cops like hey why don't
you step out that we need to talk to you
smart smart good officers I didn't know
the law back then really that well if
they arrest me with two felonies
impressin aiding a police officer two
felonies and later than good - my good
lawyer i won because they had nothing on
me but I don't know just a funny story
time to share I mean you guys get to
know me right you're so good I love you
can age just one time
I just want to eat you he just wants I
just a little leg just a little leg just
a tip don't off with the twerking folks
okay okay just making sure
I need some content my porn hubs now
we're walking around and letting dive in
here then she does this come here Kurt
is motorboat those motorboat those
that's my boy that's my boy
see oh shit done Sarah hook up friends
don't say I don't hook up friends
yeah good thing started I still have
fans left back what's up on your videos
for years
let's go how do you get in yeah get in
eighty awesome I appreciate it you know
what I noticed you guys then it's ten
o'clock 10:00 p.m. and everybody's
already wasted wouldn't see that in LA
and they're like wasted to the point
where you're not okay so dog saw a girl
not these guys I'm just saying in
general not like I'm saying I was never
on that level before but now just funny
when you're sober I was about to come
here I'll just come here to stop to talk
about how I used to work everything
years ago for some inspiration and then
look this is such a little kid I was
crazy that they still remembered me from
10 years ago or 11 years ago and Paul
why just say it was awkward yo bro I
quit that place bro he got me the job
there and I spoke word for you you got
to start somewhere people all right
villains thank you for watching this
vlog this vlog was all over the place
but let me tell you one thing if you're
watching this villains never die comm is
officially live if you order these hats
hoodies insured picking the winners in
24 hours there Ford in 24 hours if
you're not a villain make sure you hit
the subscribe button because villains
are the best and they do whatever the
hell they want it's gonna sell out and
I'm gonna choose one winner to come
prank with me stay with me or if you
want a hotel or you want to sleep in my
bed I don't know I don't care but it's
gonna be a random person everything's
gonna be filmed how it's chosen so guys
beside Anya
