hey I'm a little kid
what's up votes welcome to another video
guess what we just land in Miami holy SH
I'm excited for the week full of blogs
pranks woo and my boys gonna pick us up
and he's banned the car what's the
fandom raining in Miami getting picked
up in the Rolls Royce that might be a
little too much there might be a little
pushy but look at this guy's what a nice
warm welcome what's up baby it's my
friend or bird thank you so much all
right gonna scratch it
this is like a spaceship I didn't know
how do you do it as Laurie's gonna open
for me okay how you liking your welcome
leo
oh sure they're stars for every star
don't touch the door leave it open now
hold that button over there which button
up on top you see by the door yeah
hi guys so we just got the mph love and
every time I come to mph clap they
hooked me up with the cars we're gonna
get g-wagen for the week because you
know Florida spread out we need to do
pranks we need to go pick up some girls
we need to throw a lot of stuff so we
need a car and this weekend we're
filming an ultimate collaboration with a
pH Club wait for it
mMmmm see not even ten minutes in Miami
and I'm already making out with dogs so
I got this g-wagen for the week and I
never actually drove with g-wagen in my
life I was gonna get one but so many
people have it in that lay I'm like man
I'm at so thanks to mph club for hooking
it up for the week but they're gonna
give me a little salad bitch I'm so
freaking excited but for now let's drive
this tank I don't know if the cabbage
and check out all the space
it's fucking awesome fucking crazy now
but for real guys damn I miss Miami so
much what a nice warm welcome this is
crazy I'm excited
get ready for a week full of freaking
massacre
so we just got this beautiful book er
don't Florida this is a mais near park
downtown Boca Raton I'm gonna show you
guys the restaurant I used to work I was
a waiter for about a lot of you guys
know for about like five years five
years and the buzz 1 for 3 or yeah for 3
years this is my old restaurant Bellagio
restaurant Italian restaurant they're
kind of cocky to say that I was one of
the best waiters top-selling waiters
every month I don't know
welcome to Villa Co today's specials as
pappardelle merriment it's a pappardelle
pasta with a little fucker forget you
guys get the vibe a lot of mills here
Boca ratone is knowing foreign smells a
lot of them so hopefully go milk hunting
today that's actually a good clickbait
for today Mel hunting in Florida yeah
one thing I do miss about the Florida is
big bipolar weather look at this it was
just sunny 20 minutes to go now it's
raining
goddamn it back in my skate days I used
to hate living in Florida because escape
her live days I used to go outside and
was always raining and coming my best
friend fall in the married cop makedonia
my Cydonia say what's up okay guys quick
question who has a bigger nose
I love you my G day one she taught me
how to kick for it go can you kick good
right now we're out to eat
okay so we just got to the restaurant
you know what's a fun fact about this
restaurant that I used to work also here
nine years ago as a busboy it's like
crazy man that's crazy
nine years ago bro used to work there do
you remember that high school days crazy
so we're gonna have a light light light
late lunch because his parents are
cooked my biggest turkey get out way for
turkey I just want to trick your mashed
potatoes today's the cheat day but this
is not really Chico's it's still going
to gains I'm getting been here by the
day all right guys as you know
Thanksgiving is all about eating and I'm
a breast friends Paul's house and his
parents made this oh my god today is all
about giving back eating with your
family I just want to be thankful for
all of you guys thank you so much thank
you villains thankful for my mom
thankful for my parents thankful for my
friends and all these people in this
room this is insane this is Nutella
crepes are you serious alright guys nice
starts tomorrow
is this real life right now today we
feast straight for the game spa houses
it's so good thank you guys
I'm thankful for you oh boy we're not
stopping what do you guys think about my
plates so delicious I'm still going guys
Nutella crepe with nuts on top and now
we've got raspberry what best
Thanksgiving ever
back to Nutella I go this is all
encoding for my body my body responds to
different things separately so it's
definitely shredding whew I'm doing abs
oh my god I'm thinking in that okay
villains star just got to Walmart
finally recovered from my turkey that
was a lot and what about the Nutella
crepes leo they were good but how many
do you have nine nine yes I had nine
tutela crepes died starts tomorrow but
right now I'm here I'm gonna do a little
disturbing the peace it was a long day
long traveling day just chillin eating a
lot but tomorrow the massacre starts
we're headed to Miami South Beach we're
gonna be doing a lot of videos so yeah
but for right now let's go to Walmart
and do some pranks Kennedy's for my
girlfriend she'll really like this
yourself from far away can I have these
can I have these please you gonna pay
for it first I'll give you $50 for these
for real okay cuz my girlfriend saw but
she was just tried to ask
Thanks you sure all right thank you so
much yeah excuse me my friend said you
wanted to kiss me so real
I'm fine but no damn I want to eat your
black booty doe girl she likes that
chocolate uh I'm a vanilla dog yeah my
watch what's up girl you're in the she
left you got scared I mean you can have
a thing now oh I love strep throat
I got STD so I got everything from ice
yeah okay hello hi do you know working
bike yeah yeah you four please do for ya
find the Cockney sandwich cockney
sandwich so I can put it with the banana
just a cockney sandwich because I didn't
have enough Turkey today is a sandwich
we just pretty much talked and banana
okay thanks
so is that true that somebody told me
today there was a some guy messaged me
and says yo there's him there's like he
messaged me he says basically if you
stick the banana up your boot booty if
you stick a banana up your booty you'll
get a free xbox from Walmart is that
true
excuse me oh good I'm really cold thank
you I'm so cold
thank you so much this look this feels
like a bang bus but this is a shopping
cart bus yeah I see you gonna take me to
lala land and I'ma and I'm gonna take
all the candy thank you so much thank
you thank you hey man what's up have you
ever seen this yeah I kind of wanted to
come up and say it but I didn't want to
lie to you but I don't want then I was
like yeah you cute as shit want to watch
it together and hold hands
no I'm trippin I just took a hit of acid
nothing much
yeah but somebody told me is that true
or somebody lied
somebody said is he somebody says if I
stick about that off my booty I get it
free eggs bugs if I do it would you give
me a free xbox yeah stick my buddy
hey what's up how are you do you know
this can we make some love tonight
no what's up what's up it's for my fist
I don't really have a large penis yeah
my fist I got a little peepee can I kiss
you
Nepali Kali Nepali queer on my father we
see come on yeah Vitaly yeah he loves
you hello ma'am yeah male eyes you might
want 25 yeah 37 see a nice little milf
how many kids you guys we can make five
three let's add two more no excuse me
I know it's Black Friday but can you be
my black Sunday so I can lick you all
night long I want to turn you into a
sundae yes alright Villas this video
came to an end thank you so much for
watching this video today was things
giving today was a relaxing day so my
best friend that haven't seen in a while
ate some awesome food I'm do it was a
lot of food I was like 9 crepes
died starts tomorrow but today was a
chill day hope you guys enjoyed this
little prank
tomorrow the massacre starts the hoodies
are coming out any day what'd you guys
think what'd you think Leo I think I
need one a lot of comment said in the
last vlog these are lids so thank you
thank you thank you for your non-stop
support anyways guys be grateful what
you have don't take anything for granted
that you have in your life life is too
short I'm 25 years old I'm at fault when
were 12
that's 13 years felt honestly like three
years so enjoy every day like it's your
last
and then it's your life your choice
don't let anybody tell you what did you
do whatever fuck do you want to do
cuz it's your life thank you again and
I'll see you guys tomorrow for some
South Beach MasterCard awesome Daniel
