and we're gonna set up cameras over here
somewhere yeah okay yeah okay and get
that hopefully reaction oh this is gonna
be good let's do it
what's up villains welcome to another
video it's so damn freakin hot
it's Thanksgiving just a hundred degrees
out but you know what's hotter this
breaking merge so you guys been waiting
for that's why you guys been requesting
on Facebook Instagram Twitter Facebook
snapchat my face everywhere I guess what
I finally got the merge we're really
seeing it probably any day so make sure
you stay tuned guys to go oh my boy
check out my boy me oh wow he's already
dry right now you lookin fresh much so
we're releasing limited colors I'm gonna
do gold white it may be red and you know
what for the first villains why don't
you come and below why I should send you
dis merch just tell me why and I'm gonna
pick three villains to send you the
merge but I'm releasing it any day
the wait is officially over I know you
guys been asking me for months it's
about to be hot and the blog you know
that right yeah nobody's gonna press me
on my blog and you know what guys you
guys killed it with 50,000 likes me I
was gonna be can't wait to eat her and
go on my stomach and she's gonna live
inside yeah I'm gonna eat her not like
that like I'm literally gonna swallow
her Oh does that make more sense now I
do that but you know if you guys don't
know yet Leah and I are going to Miami
tonight it's gonna be super lit we're
going for a four weeks straight it's
gonna be beautiful girls bitches pranks
vlog just gonna be so freaking awesome
I miss Miami so much going back there
and you guys gonna know the real reason
why I went to Miami on Monday so stay
tuned I'm gonna be uploading videos
every day
you don't wanna miss him but for now my
mom says she's gonna help me pack I'm a
mama's boy all right but you know why
you got to be close to your parents guys
my mom said hey Vitaly going to Miami
I'm gonna pack your bags I said no
problem mom
come over it but little does she know
we're gonna prank
what you gonna do they get a state to
find out okay bill answer just got home
and this is the equipment I'll be using
in Miami it's a lot of equipment you
know why because we're bringing you a
lot of content that's right we're gonna
have three GoPros right here we got
these canon g7x and sony RX 1000 we got
I don't even know what these cameras
they use this is what I shoot pranks on
this is Sony H X Y and x70 you and none
of this is a brand deal guys so don't
think I'm promoting cameras and shit
like this now I'm just showing you guys
my package how I feel and the camera
that's filming right now is a 72 right
yeah a semanas yeah so we're gonna try
to fit this all in one bag we got this
beautiful little backpack what can I
tell you guys comment below what you
guys want to see me do in Miami I
already have a week planned out but if I
get some better ideas from you in the
comments or maybe tweak some videos that
it did back in a day feel free cuz I
love reading your comments guys
okay guys sergeant's did a little bit of
cleaning my mom's coming over right now
and before I head to Miami what I got to
do I get a prank er I'm gonna ask her
for car keys she's gonna ask me what are
you the clerk cute oh you do retrieve a
car yeah do have a car but I don't have
time to go to the gas station right now
I need to run to the store real quick
she's gonna give me the keys I'm gonna
go around the block take a picture of
her car and use this app to make dents
in her car and I'm gonna show her the
picture of the car actually takes it to
her and we're gonna set up cameras over
here somewhere okay okay
and get that hopefully reaction oh this
is gonna be good let's do it if the
security just called me my mom is coming
up upstairs you notice anything so
listen it's kind of emergency but it's
not like my car ran out of gas and I'm
going through the store around the
corner it's completed you opposite ways
I need your car if you don't mind I'm
literally on empty it's just 15 minutes
okay all right okay in the garage as
usual okay guys so we just got to my
mom's car this is my mom's car we're not
even moving we're now going anywhere and
I'm gonna edited and it's kind of hard I
know right now it looks ridiculous but I
think there's something there boom and
then we'll show you the final product
let me concentrate for a second oh my
god the final project is finished
Dillons check this out this is what I'm
gonna text my mom
I'm gonna be like mom I'm sorry I'm
gonna have to talk to you come down poor
mom mom I love you so much
feel so bad I keep pranking her I'm
pranking her I'm pranking her looks
oh-wee so I'm texting my mom and it
holds
I'm so sorry I'll be able to explain
this wasn't my fault
get down here now
she just texted me you're a piece of I'm
on my way
poor mom I love you mom I love you mom
oh my god
oh I'm sorry I will explain it like my
mom it wasn't my fault I want to kill
you
like right now I'm not driving you I'm
telling you I got sorry I got you I
guess it's an app pranking you a lot
lately right guys you guys think my mom
should prank me you know every youtuber
in town why don't you team up and prank
me good clickbait - probably right crash
my mom's car prank you know how we do it
thanks for your daily support thank you
guys so much for watching I'm not doing
it out right now but I'm just like I
love you guys I seriously love you
thanks for all the support I've been
reading your comments once again and I'm
gonna be keep repeating this but I've
been reading comments but yeah what if I
know we're late let's go okay guys so I
have a flight to catch
I got a wrap-up and you know what you
know what I decided my mom should do my
outro today why don't you doin out your
mom you know I do
I realize thank you so much for watching
make sure you hit that thumbs up button
thank you so much for everything I read
all your comments I fucking love you
it's your life your choice don't let
anybody tell you what to do thank you so
much for watching do whatever the fuck
you want in this life and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
let's be Danya thank you so much for
watching
thank you so much for watching it was
good your life your choice don't let
anybody tell you what they're doing this
life do whatever you want to do you're
like you're chosen like just in your own
told me you're doing YouTube you're a
loser
that was her first words when I had zero
subscribers you remember those days am I
gonna make it but it's not about me I
feel like everybody who's watching this
can make it if you are inspiring
youtuber stay consistent what I'm doing
right now but before was consistent stay
consistent believing your dreams just do
it just you know how many people doubted
me haha I'm gonna fly to Florida
tomorrow leave you know what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna walk into my old restaurant
and I'm gonna thank everybody and
especially my manager for firing me like
in a good way
me and my manager on good terms but I'm
just thinking for firing him because if
he didn't fire me I still would be
probably that job you fired me like five
times I got fed up and I was like it's
time to do something so I made a YouTube
channel not to get paid just to get
whole bunch of followers and get
discovered and be this la diva hey I'm
in LA I'm an actor I'm an entertainer
you know what it happened by anyways
guys that outro was solid so seriously
thank you guys so much hope you guys
enjoyed this vlog and give it a thumbs
up for my mom Martha
