a hundred doubles that's right
what's up villains welcome to another
video thank you so much for coming back
I hope you have a beautiful day hope you
have a great day cuz I'm having a
fantastic day why'd you have a laptop in
your hand why do I have a laptop Leah
have you ever been to Miami never we're
going to Miami tomorrow night oh why why
cuz we're gonna do pranks
maybe pranks maybe not I have something
going on in Miami and you guys gonna
follow the journey we're headed there
for seven days the vlogs about to be a
very late let's go wooo shot sir we
bought our tickets to Miami we're flying
out tomorrow after everything uploaded
the vlog it got demonetized again by the
way but I'm not gonna bitch about that
anymore you got demonetised and we
monetize because I feel blah blah blah
blah right now we're going to this
outside mall it's called the Grove in LA
I have this brand new iPhone 7 that I
have to return for X the X came out you
know all the hype about the X so I want
to get the X I want to pay the
difference let's see what we're gonna
get hopefully they're in stock but if
not it's so good I'll wait I'm patient
but then we're gonna give 100 McDonald's
sandwiches to the homeless around town
it's Thanksgiving week it's time to give
back I wanted to give back and maybe
this video will inspire you to walk
around and maybe give something back you
know and also I want to do another video
tomorrow in Miami or maybe tomorrow or
when I land in Miami or when I don't
land in Miami something with the fans
stay tuned for that all right so we got
to the mall and guess what it is closed
the Apple store is closed goddamn it but
I need something classes so we gotta try
it out what do you think I know these
ones are gonna do good job
see this log style the girls are
starting to recognize me
finally the pranks was only dues you
guys are perfect for you they're gonna
match hey I think these are more your
style I'll probably repeat over dude
dude I should be a weird come on these
are good your rock you're killing it
yeah I won't acknowledge go forward wait
for the flash do the flowers gonna go
yeah it is going through
I like in the old a this is so awkward
see you no problem
I love getting people like that it's so
fun what do you think my fit is I want
something round I want some round I know
I got a big nose everybody knows I got a
big nose proud of my nose be unique very
unique you know you know you know what
happens when you don't get hard what I
use my nose Oh
real clever love it alright guys so I've
been working on my villain merch it's
coming soon you guys been asking me for
the heads it's coming soon you guys
think I wear the same shirt every damn
day no I just got 20 of these and since
I'm going to Miami tomorrow I gotta look
good you know in front of my old friends
and stuff like this this one's a little
bit washed out I don't really care
because it's all about your personality
it's not how you look but I am
comfortable in black it matches with
everything so you know what for Miami
tomorrow we go looking for this one for
black shirts okay guys so we left them
all right now to head to McDonald's to
get a hundred cheeseburgers for the
homeless how about this I got you today
I got you today we're doing 100 mug
doubles can we get 100 McDouble McDouble
that's right a hundred you're gonna give
out Thanksgiving got to give back you
know I'm in a good mood
$100
so waiting for the double-doubles got
some villains came out what you guys
gotta go sorry guys we just got our mug
doubles and guess what dude this smells
so delicious should I eat some of them
no you're on a diet I know when my
transformation is over I'm making a
video challenge that I'm gonna eat all
of them at the same time like I'm
literally gonna take hundred and try to
eat them all the how many calories do
you think that is too many too many too
many I'm probably gonna have to do a
transformation for you but anyways guys
a lot of you probably in the comments
gonna be saying oh he just does this
very camera I'm already telling you in
advance shut up shut up
I'm doing this for inspiration for you
I'm doing this because it's Thanksgiving
it's time to give back that's the least
I can do to go hand out to the homeless
people sandwiches next on is I'm gonna
give back to fans let's go guys it's
funny cuz Batali can't eat this but I
can I'm drooling dude okay when you get
your results you're gonna be happy that
you didn't eat this
you know or you know what three hungry
okay felons so we've been driving around
Hollywood looking for the people in need
we handed out a few burgers to a few
people you know handed up multiple you
know they need breakfast or white and
now we're gonna go to another street but
I don't know if some of you guys know
but two years ago I gave a thousand
turkey sandwiches on Skid Row Skid Row
is the largest homeless population I
guess in AmeriCorps everywhere I'm not
sure I think in America
it contains 17,000 homeless people it's
in downtown LA we started this video
late it's kind of dangerous to go there
around like why--what 9:00 p.m. so I'm
not gonna go to nice and fresh
we run doubles take two two each yeah
you're welcome
I got some fresh double doubles for you
happy Thanksgiving bro you too huh and
that's where your friend to take to each
there you go
you hungry hell yeah
there you go thank you brother happy
Thanksgiving minute
you hungry take three
yeah giving food to the homeless because
if I give him money
I don't know what they're gonna use it
for it could be anything so I can't
judge every homeless person so you never
know are you right give me love give me
love
my name is brynan I am in shambles
Wow you look gorgeous
you do anything cheap this job you want
a contract do your homies grannies
whatever happy Thanksgiving happy
Thanksgiving huh
like fucking for
already already let me do my job okay so
now imagine guys going to the skid row
to the homeless population in downtown
LA and seeing that times a thousand
around you is it lit pretty late yeah I
look pretty lit the light on me
yeah anyone all right villains we just
got home it feels so good to give back
hope this video inspired you but right
now it's time for some games you know
what because this is games I already
worked out this morning at 7 o'clock in
the morning in in the morning 7:15 in
the morning out of bootcamp class at a
fasted cardio now it's time to go your
shoulders that's good
yo look anyone dude better than ever are
you serious yeah 20% so I can do this
outro of course you can do that sure
alright alright villains thank you so
much for watching this video if you
enjoyed this gym vlog let me know in the
comments below I'll do more workout
videos what do you think about these
ones better than the last ones
be serious of course if you're not
subscribed make sure you hit that
subscribe button make sure you smash the
like so I know you're a villain and
digging this video suck into more videos
what you're thinking about these dude
where do you keep getting these glasses
you like this I like them but I don't
understand where you keep getting them
from
so I can continue doing the hot room
yeah you continue alright so some more
I'm packing for Miami and guess what
Thursday I'm in Miami that means I'm
bringing disturbing the peace videos
that means to bring you the beach pranks
that means to bring you the girl pranks
that means a blue ocean brings that
means I'm fucking back where I started
back to my road thank you guys all the
love all my latest videos I really
appreciate it
alright guys thank you so much for
watching thank you for subscribing thank
you for everything thanks for all the
positive comments not on the real note
it's your life your choice do whatever
the fuck you want don't listen to
anybody seriously nobody I didn't listen
to nobody everybody told me no you can
do this can do that and uh prove them
wrong and I'm only gonna keep proving
thank you guys so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow
this dude I know
