what's up villains welcome to another
vlog it is Monday that means Monday new
goals will start the week fresh let's go
I hope everybody's having a good day if
your day is not that good just switch
your mindset it's like that every time I
wake up in the bad mood I'm like that's
all in my mind
life is good be thankful that God give
you another day because I'm very
thankful for you guys for my mom or
everybody thank you so much for watching
this video thank you for coming back and
if you already like this video if you're
you know you're gonna like this video
leave a thumbs up so I know you guys dig
in this video today I'm going to a table
read for a Netflix show that I'm gonna
be in next fuck but I can't read though
so how do you think I'm gonna do it like
it's a table read and I have to read the
poppy just like them I don't know it
looks like you're out of luck on that
one my villains I just got to the table
read and I don't know I'm gonna
concentrate when I have 1 2 3 4 5 6 6
nice tits in front of me oh my god I
don't understand how I'm gonna do this
but we're gonna have to do it Tony
I mean I could what do you think this is
bigger now that's my girl no well
anyways let's start the table read we
just finished the table read well I mean
yeah they're nice they're nice too but
you know what my friend I just met her
so I need your help
if this video gets 50,000 likes we're
gone in the date I need 50,000 likes she
said sure I need your help right now if
you're watching this 50,000 likes let's
get a quick babe
alright guys I love you please alright
but now we're gonna play a game of lunch
who's buying who lunch what's this game
called I don't know how we're gonna pick
red you think blue who has more point
buys lunch villains so you wanna know
how to play the game so you basically
got to slide this in
yeah and then you gotta collect more
points win I'll show you how smooth I
slide into girls the ends it goes down
in the field
baby I love you no sad
no shot oh then two or three I'll give
you a three
I gotta - it's more than this too much
wax too much wax baby
problem telling it's too much wax your
Lily Wow I love them too I got four
points you better get to 3d hand barely
barely barely barely dude too hard I got
the last one
oh yeah one you got one the gun zero
free lunch whoa
nothing is better than free food nothing
is better you don't give over somebody's
house they get in frigerator their food
you taste better earlier please guys
please guys thanks for digging in my
latest material she's cute you watch you
once a tag she wants to tag no tag
you're gonna have to see me for a dad
she's watching this right now baby I
love you not you I'm not sure that
you're really cute I didn't have to say
it the way I looked remain what would
you say
this is breathe right now
you're taking out your PO all right so I
need the door okay Wow
hey beautiful you look so gorgeous
I think she just went back inside hi bro
so this is a pretend this is brief
what are you gonna do when you pick it
over the date mercy your best lang
let me see absolutely I know I would say
you're beautiful about why waste time
hey guys not way out to lunch actually
you know what
I'm not waiting every gonna tell you
something
it's his first kiss guys so come on give
him some slack
oh hi guys sorry got to the mall and I'm
picking out these underwear which is
gonna be wearing in our date
if there's a black g-string so Tony's
gonna take a picture and I'm gonna send
into a DM that creepy at all you got to
be different guys you got to be unique
what are you gonna tell the girl send
her options of restaurants what what by
the way brief you're watching this I'm
gonna thinking of the best date ever
best days mark my words what's up Wow
he's not rubbing that wood bro what's my
name what's my name
Batali that's my boy right here I love
you brother
you got it run up though you gotta run
that boy's good all right let me ask you
something right now
no jokes what was the last video you saw
me that's what I thought I know you are
Jake Paul it's all good okay guys so
this is a picture one would go on the
day I want to see you knees just said
all right guys now which is gotta wait
for the response well a lot of you guys
wondering why we're the same clothes
every day I don't I have 20 of these
shirts and these fans are super old I
only like black like is my favorite
color and blue
I'm just getting a whole bunch of black
shirts might as well just take the whole
rack you know you might as well why am i
good-looking when you have a good day
you need some good fuel look at this
pure protein this is Gaines
mmm four ounces of chicken a little bit
vegetables one egg for good fats went to
the gym this morning lifted back doing a
crazy bootcamp class tonight this
transformation is gonna be insane yes I
know about yesterday's video I ate a lot
of cake it was Sunday night starts
tomorrow which is today and it started
guys this is breaking news she responded
hahaha oh my god I'm more of a read type
of person just saying baby I'll buy you
the whole score I'll buy you anything
I'm gonna respond I'll buy you every
shade of red I'll buy you every shade of
red don't worry
holy shit holy shit I'm sorry guys I was
in a good mood I'm still in a good mood
but look at this
so my freakin new video from yesterday
eating weed in front of strangers brain
got demonetized Sean it's okay
demonetized it's fine I'm not getting
money for it it's okay it's not about
that if the video gets demonetized it
doesn't send to my subscribers or
notifications so if you guys watching
this video right now make sure you check
out yesterday's video because it was
really lit I put a lot of hard work into
it and this happens that's why I'm doing
my own platform battalion sensor
komm were you gonna see the most
outrageous unrated rated X rated fuckin
Z prank girls everything you guys want
to see you're gonna see on my platform
I'm literally getting forced by YouTube
to change my content because of their
platform no I'm gonna stay rated R
that's why I'm here today because of you
guys because of my content I'm standing
out from all the Disney bullshit I'm
kind of upset right now but I'm gonna
use it in a positive way Italian censors
coming out I just got to wait I'm still
working on the platform might come out
next week or the week after stay tuned
it's gonna be late if you are gonna
subscribe to my battalion sensor let me
know in the comments below I promise you
I won't disappoint you guys thank you so
much I still want to go on a date with a
girl but if this video doesn't get sent
to my subscribers and get notifications
nobody's gonna see it and nobody's gonna
give me 50,000 likes that a sport before
it was like this you guys get my points
if you want me to go on a date with this
girl 50,000 like let's do it if you
watching this video stop it right now
50,000 likes let's get it right now I'm
going to my mom's because she Neal
prepped me for the week let's go hey
what's up mom love you how are you so
guess what so uploaded just brand new
video today and I put weed in the title
the video got demonetized which is fine
about the demonisation that's okay but
it didn't send to a lot of my
subscribers yeah so that's why you're
excited for the Italian censor what you
think about the five episodes I shot it
about it plays it's embarrassing for me
really just go to my mom's apartment
check this so my mom's cooking me every
two days check this out we got 99% taken
four ounces of each this looks delicious
your boy got to get them gains because
yesterday cakes I still feel it well
thank you so much I really need a lot of
things really that means a lot I feel
like even eating out healthy it's not
healthy cuz all the sodium in food not
good gotta go I want to thank my mom for
cooking mom your
you're so nice thank you so much
seriously I love you have a good night
drawing working out and then we're going
to Miami I got to be Miami in 27 I'm
gonna tell you why I have to be mine I
made it be doing pranks but I also have
to tell you why I'm gonna be in Miami
not in today's logging on in tomorrow's
log when it gets closer to November 27 I
tell you why I'm going to Miami but for
right now we're gonna go home drink a
protein shake
night-night all right guys I just got
home and I'm gonna announce the giveaway
for this $10,000 that's right David
Waldorf is the winner make sure you DM
me on instagram with the code I sent it
to you thank you so much for
participating in this giveaway I'm gonna
do more giveaways this $10,000 you can
do pranks with it you can mess with
people I don't know but you're getting
this $10,000 I promise you that but for
now that's it for today's vlog if you're
not a villain make sure you special that
thumbs up button 50,000 like for this
video and I will take her on a date the
best date you will ever see in your life
that's right you're gonna witness it
because I'm gonna record everything Bri
you better be ready if you're watching
cuz this is gonna be epic
oh yeah it's gonna be so delicious it's
gonna be so romantic it's gonna be so
crazy candles everywhere oh my god
bottle of wine oh my god wad yeah I
don't know you're gonna have to find out
thank you guys so much for watching I
love you and I will see you tomorrow
because I need to wake up for tomorrow
so I'm going to bad does we die
