I just found it what's up villains
welcome to another video it's Sunday
morning 8:00 in the morning I'm doing
faster the cardio going to the bootcamp
class this is my little pre-workout but
if you're a savage you're gonna take it
straight up straight into your veins
I hope you guys having a beautiful day I
hope you guys gonna kill your Sundays if
you woke up with a hangover it's not too
late wake up do something workout is
we're about to go workout that's the
cardio I'm trying to get shredded
I will get shredded January's gonna be
the best transformation you're ever
gonna see from me let's go whoa this
reward God has me lit let's talk about
my transformation guys I want to talk to
you a little bit this was me when I was
18 years old that's right this is the
picture of me when I was 18 years old I
was 180 pounds and probably like five or
six body fat percentage and these are
some more pictures from other angles but
this is when I started like stop working
out kind of by then this is my previous
transformation that it did two years ago
like hardcore transformation for 60 days
but I want to look like I used to look
like a teen I know it sounds crazy
because maybe some people say metabolism
blah blah blah but if I feel like if you
put in hard work I will look like that
law of attraction I believe in a January
I'm releasing my transformation video
nothing's better than working out on an
empty stomach
I'm hyping it up this transformation
then it's going to be the best
transformation because they're not
approve you guys that's why I'm using
this motivation being kind of cocky in a
way this is gonna be my best estimation
because watching these clips is gonna
motivate me
at the montage to show people that I'm
dying I'm dying I'm giving them 100 but
I'm not giving up I won those results
and we're finished for today but if you
think that's it no that was just my
cardio
i billa's if you're wondering how I eat
one cup of oatmeal bam-bam-bam little
bit of water I don't like to use sink
water boom it's not that good that I use
that but I use microwave put it for one
minute this is all breakfast by the way
huh I got you there guys am two eggs a
little bit of egg whites like just you
know BAM
the pepper take a half a banana
somebody can stick it up your ass but I
want to recommend a bam bam bam bam one
teaspoon of peanut butter a little good
fat woo mix it up and this is your games
this is going straight into your veins
but ready my stove is hot like oh my
fucking god what happened here I was uh
pulling it it was a whole the whole time
wanting to cook it with Vitaly that
means I probably just fucking lost it
it's not gonna be as big as it's
supposed to be someone to let more egg
whites you fucking nut okay call me okay
by the way if you guys think I'm done
for my workout no that was my fasted
cardio right now I'm gonna eat this my
eggs my protein shake and guess what
it's time to do a little chest well not
little I'm gonna go full out but yeah
I'm going down to the gym and I'm
lifting whoa let's get it boy gains four
days and then I'm getting two scoops of
chocolate protein Dan ready guys um it's
hot what are you doing you have a you
have a shaker right over there oh you
know I like tuna you get through my
forearm
we could've got a cup oh my god oh it's
gonna go through my shirt inside of me
because we're making fucking buer gains
I'm on a mission guys I'm on a mission
and then the omelette I told you I'm not
wasting any protein
alright villains one the way to Venice
Beach right now I'm gonna shoot a prank
where I have these nuts look at them
give him a close look of this you think
it's weed no it's not weed
it's literally pure chocolate there's no
THC in it look at this bro look at this
are you are you on a diet sorry about
Leo I want you to prove them you can eat
them hey guys see now it's not weed
candy it
hc' no nothing there's so damn good so
the break for today is that I'm gonna go
around and be like yo you want some free
weed get some engagement going and I'm
gonna start eating in front of them
let's see what kind of reactions think
yeah this is gonna be a good one let's
go so we just got to Venice Beach and
guess what I love so damn beautiful but
are you just like it's overrated I feel
like with Frank's and stuff like ah I
missed Miami I think I'm gonna go this
week I keep promising you guys think I'm
gonna go for a week Thanksgiving right
here three nugs I just found this I
don't smoke yeah what I mean um why let
me read it for you
rice flour milk dry stinky pussy oh gee
I love Toronto I can't get into Canada
because I've been trying arrested man
have a layover you're the man I need
that ten mil guys subscribe have you
ready to knock before fuck additions
fire here there he is
yo bro check out these mugs that guy is
a dope right how many yeah there's no
case seeing it once all fucking week
deserve these are real nugs though this
is real wheatgrass Bank Punk me fuck you
this guy telling me Fong you just going
to video hogging a pump median Punk you
but like you saw him I don't want to
went to jail for a battery that's why I
didn't want to do it I'm calling him out
it will hear to press charges but
exactly I would be smarter you wouldn't
do it so you would pull up you will talk
but I did pulled up a brother this is a
vlog bro you want to be in the block huh
but you know because my mom says you
smoke we supposed to eat it right
put a stick of butter in a motherfucking
lettuce she like $25 oh you know just
eat it fuck yeah dude you might guess no
it's not that should stick it's fuck how
are you sprinkling fuck yeah that's
gonna be dope here I'll break it up for
you yeah oh sorry I gotta make it
smaller I'm gonna put it into sin yeah
smoke that shit there she was gonna be
flames free the weed is that normal to
you - nug hallucinate it's my mom's
butthole that's what it's called mom
Bob's whole og
my mom's ass beating stays good huh
fucking hell that's my boy I never
smoked weed in my life so I either
showing him how thank you so much that
means a lot you like my videos yeah roll
it up stinky og I got it online it's
fucking uh my girlfriend's gonna real
some dank thank you it's pretty good I
just found to start eating it all right
guys I hope you enjoyed this prank but
let me tell you something right now
walked up to those cops and I didn't get
an epic reactions guess why because this
is California the weed is legal
everybody smokes in Venice Beach here
but if this video gets seventy five
thousand likes you pretend like you
right now I will go to a state where
it's super illegal and do what I did
today with strangers nuts to the cops
also if you guys want some of this dank
chocolate I will send it your way all
you have to do is comment why did you
guys become a villain when did you
become a villain actually to be more
clear what was the first video you guys
watched it me
I mean you start watching answer below
I'll pick a random coming and sign it
and send it your way so you can enjoy
this chocolate whoa
okay guys so I'm on my way home and I'll
tell you something right now a little
secret from me I don't know how you guys
feel what's your passion is or what not
when I make a video I feel so so good
inside and that that I took a break you
know I had my fun and stuff like this
since I've been uploading every day I've
been so happy you motivating me guys in
the comments you're motivating me with
everything you're motivating me with all
your Instagram DMS all the tweets I'm
gonna keep going
thank you guys so much thank you from
the bottom of my heart it feels so good
so good to upload and we're back in the
house cooking with natality right now we
got some fire straight-up games but you
know what guys it's Sunday it's my cheat
day I'm doing a stunt for my Instagram
later that you're gonna see in this vlog
I'm gonna have to do it so I starts
tomorrow
I mean I've been dieting I've been
dieting for two months already I lost a
lot of weight but I ate good all day but
tonight I'm having a massacre so we're
shooting an Instagram video right now he
has to give me like one line and stuff
but like you gotta make 100 or we're
practicing all right I think your normal
would be like vitaliy not again you sure
you want to be Tony just got to our
house
why don't you deliver the line bro what
are you doing you know how you get when
you start smoking
give me something done do this so we're
doing this little sketch for Instagram
and he can't deliver the line when I
start sparking up this Joe and I want
you to be like no like not Vitaly not
again you can't smoke cleared the line
we're believing you I know you're gonna
do first thing booked oh no Vitaly
you're gonna smoke again not again when
I start doing the lighter start doing
this ready what the fuck are you doing
again yo you kept are you smoking no
oh yeah you're doing good I told you to
stop talking after it was so fucking
good I'm right with a buzzer thought you
fucking die Babla she wants to be an
actress yes I smoked the whole joint by
myself
yeah but with emotions Charlie why are
you smoking again stop I can control
myself don't worry
oh that shit was golden that was golden
guys literally it took us 30 minutes to
film up five-second live and I don't
usually smoke but when I do is gonna be
for a good video hi guys now it's
finally time to go to the grocery store
to film the rest of the video for my
Instagram but check out my outfit and
also that's how me and my mom talk
sometimes you ready are you ready
sorry I had the munchies my sugar Mama's
gonna pay Thank You sugar mama I love
you no problem just putting a hungry man
no I'm okay I'm okay yo guys this is
Gaines right here this is games we've
literally didn't leave anything without
was a wild night thank you guys so much
for watching this video that was a
little background of me filming a skid I
got a little bit high but now I'm going
to bed because I got to make a new video
for you guys tomorrow thank you so much
for watching make sure you like this
video I love you I love you I love you
and I'll see you tomorrow
