listen to me listen to me I will take
your eyes watch out villains welcome to
another video I hope you have a
beautiful day cause it's sunny and nice
and beautiful in Los Angeles California
so as you guys know about the drama
yesterday about the little twig started
beating with me I gave him some
attention but now Kim star wants to do
an interview on skype so I'm waiting any
second Kim star is gonna call me and the
other guy we are gonna talk but there's
nothing to talk about
I called them out I'm gonna pull over
I'm gonna have this mini conversation
who's gonna get straight to the point
you want to fight me their hands that's
it hey what's up chillin chillin just
waiting for Brandon he's still ringing
yes picked up yeah he hasn't picked up
he's not gonna show it to that UFC cage
bare hands one on one I gave me I gave
him 24 hours in my today's video that's
coming out no rules no nothing let's go
hello Brandon is that you yes contact
king speaking speaking yeah hey what's
up okay so guys listen you are here I'm
gonna hit record I'm gonna talk briefly
about what went down yesterday and then
I'm just gonna ask you guys what
happened and it's just gonna be a
free-for-all
okay fucking pussy bra at any moment of
time listen to me shut up shut the fuck
up while you can so she talk to you talk
to you fucking retard you're shrubbler
nation I'm your host killer keep
starless last time i dra blur we had
Brandon Hampton invite Ali meeting on
the streets these two got into it I have
both of them in a Skype call they're
already fighting I almost couldn't do
the intro guys what happened
all this storm I let the little bitch
talk first go ahead ladies first
basically idea I wasn't too sure about
vitality making this big comeback I just
found out that he paid some money in
Hollywood for his video like I'm out
here working really hard for my content
all real shit we have an asshole created
clickbait so you got angry tried to push
me on my stream like the pussies here -
bro you got in my head
hold up Brandon let vite le responded
what your bro you're gonna like yeah
yeah you're gonna a you're gonna let me
talk we're gonna do it and we're gonna
do a I'm we're gonna do a normal
interview let me fucking talk be a human
being let me talk okay listen to me stay
in your own lane number one number two
the video that I did with you is coming
out today I gave you 24 hours UFC cage
bare hands no rules
one-on-one 24 hours decide if you decide
to fight we're fighting this Sunday I'm
fighting a cage rank that's it no rules
me and hey listen listen listen to me a
little bitch I'm not fine I'm not doing
this street fight no cuz you're gonna
sue me I got too much to lose okay okay
well listen listen listen why do it in
the streets Brandon like why yeah why do
i shade yeah why do you not sure you
already beat up your fucking wife that's
what you're fucking arrested for that's
what you're on bail you're gonna be a
wife wife listen to me listen to me
listen to me I will take your eyes okay
it's not know things are jumpin I just
got to talk to this weirdo no I'm not
gonna uh I'm not a there's a there's no
talking I laid the rent a I'll a dog
like a person I'm still gonna come after
you bro you're a fucking weirdo fuck
your content fuck your YouTube channel
first of all neither one of you need to
get in trouble with the law neither one
of you need to get in trouble with the
police so this cannot be some Street
shit if you all want to just throw down
it has to be organized you could have
fucking thought about that
we pulled up on me on my stream and said
who's the pussy now hey listen listen
listen listen you fucking muted hey you
muted your stream you muted your stream
I started from do you think that you're
something that you're not bro your wall
separating okay Brandon let him talk let
him talk so brah you can tell okay let
me talk let me finish it then you can
talk listen you can tell me I faked my
prank so you could tell me everything
you can tell me I'm washed up yeah blah
blah that doesn't hurt me you're just a
hater your internet we're here I came up
to you in person you called me a pussy I
said the pussy's here
I had a later red carpet for you you
didn't do anything and now I don't want
to do the soup hey let me finish
go fuck yourself you're fucking
irrelevant broad your fucking conscience
get the fuck out of your hole shit oh my
god that guy's gonna get ass-whooping
wha brah fucking yeah she's getting him
to talk like a human name just got to my
mom's house I need her haircut really
badly so you ready you ready
got to my mom's house because she's been
cutting my hair for how long now no for
real not since I was a baby
really no yeah
gotta get a little crispy you know fresh
cuz this long already a lot of people
like to be Tyler you're going bold I had
this hairline since I was a kid and even
if I did go Bowl okay God made me for
who I am and how I'm gonna grow I'm
gonna be bold I'm gonna be bald
we're done yes we got we're done guys I
have to sit in this chair for about 45
minutes and then I look at myself and
sometimes I doubt the haircut and if I
tell my mom it looks like shit what do
you say it looks but Rashmi
if 150 and I don't trust any salon do
your finishing up things the fastest
hair we can remain you nervous no they
can see they can't see my games oh my
god and you is all right villains are
you ready to see the final product of my
haircut oh yeah you like my hair time
Wow look at my mom you are just this bat
looks good
I am drooling why can't have an egg stop
why I need some protein why I'm doing
this because I need some extra protein
this is only has
so what it looks it looks like I just
busted a yellow not nothing's wrong with
that oh I'll wing it
thank you
what are you doing look at me what are
you doing I know you don't work for free
you got to work for tips
oh my god she's right well hello
Christine this is me and my mom's
relationship if you guys want to see
more of my mom on the vlogs let me know
in the comments this is fucking I know I
know last I want to spring her with the
party sure you guys all love that you
guys I got more more more of your mom or
your mom so that's how we off-camera I
don't swim yeah I told you I'm gonna
clean what are you doing but you already
done but look at this guy's let's take a
moment of silence on this school that
just the most delicious thing I've ever
seen in my life these are both mine
right thank you so much for the food it
was delicious and thank you for the
delicious egg on my forehead how much do
I owe you for that egg one dollar and
fifty sounds okay I'll give you all
right thank you so much have a great day
alright guys so I just got my boy Tony
here as you guys know Tony used to film
my videos just a little bit like he's a
director that we're gonna be in two
movies hi what's up guys so listen he
just came over to watch this crazy video
that I uploaded yesterday by comforting
they hate her
we got a li up behind the cam yo yo so
what's going on
you got my notification and we're ok
like my primary email well I don't have
any notifications but if I go to my
social page it comes up
vitaliy just uploaded but what's it
defining you know there's social primers
different folders I had no idea so I
just like it doesn't go to primer and
you subscribe to me and what happened to
you I didn't even get a notification at
all so shouldn't be hard on myself that
it's not really me with the views and
stuff honestly at this point I have so
many outside projects outside of YouTube
that I'm focused on right now I'm
creating my brand new platform battalion
sensor which is gonna be crazy content
on another level YouTube it's not gonna
be able to handle and right now if
you're a villain comment below if you
would subscribe to my battalion sensor
it's gonna be crazy I'm gonna launch it
next month I'll give you my award it's
something you never seen on YouTube kids
girls pranks to a whole other level
yeah so if you guys still didn't turn
your post notifications on turn them on
every time I put a video give a light
guys so I know you're watching and
liking this videos it gives you
motivation to upload more but if I see
no likes no views this fucking guy's
hilarious Kim why did you do that Kim
connected me on skype with this fucking
guy the guy that I was supposed to fight
yesterday or the freakin video that
confronting a hater she messaged me on
skype so you down fighting with me a
posting and only on my channel if so get
any contract ready bro I heard you can
fight so good luck never beat a woman in
my life well we could have a prank war
like a scavenger hunt what the fuck what
the fuck I'm trying to beat your fucking
ass and you tell me to have a scavenger
hunt what a fucking look 10 years old
what this guy's hilarious up to you bro
I don't care I want to only be seen on
my channel or you can stream sniped me
again and with bogus I will go to a
small German burn Meg I have friends who
have a gym I'm like no I'll get a UFC
gym
I'll make the contract all you have to
do is show up I'll do everything for you
just show up give me that little pretty
face actually you're fucking ugly but he
goes no dude you basically lied in
manipulating your video I will not help
you build my content bitch if anybody's
giving you a favor it's me not you
I was like okay bro then I'm out he's
like girl you got me fucked off you're
really a piece of shit youtuber I said
in the crying emoji faces he's like I
never lie David for the cage brother me
and you were both filming and we're out
but Sid whatever happens happens first
of all Kim why the fuck did you give him
my skype second of all is this guy's
trying to be my friend now or what I
want this fight to happen I want it I
want it I want it you talk shit about my
mom in your news stream we did all this
fucking shit talk talk talk talk talk
talk but where is the action sorry you
guys are never crazy like this but you
know what I have a lot of anger lately
on me and I wanna freakin take it out on
this guy fucking him with my bare hands
sorry kids I'm not inspiring you here to
fight I'm not inspiring you to do
anything crazy like what I did in my
last video but you know what I woke up
yesterday and I saw that I was like let
me go and show up so anyways brother you
watching this video right now you know
who you are
you wanna fight I gave you 24 hours so
this videos already watching it's
already been 24 hours but you know what
I'll extend it I'll give you 48 hours
how about that come here
sign a contract and come here so I've
been doing a little work on the computer
and thank you just keeps texting me
expect me homie fuck your conditions
weirdos you live in Beverly Hills right
one of my fans send me your document
conclusion to the story you're a tool I
wanted to fight you no more the beef is
over maybe you want to catch me on the
street because you keep tweeting me and
stuff blah blah blah guys honestly I
know it's probably giving you a headache
I'm sorry to mention all that but this
kid is a tool he definitely doesn't want
to fight he's definitely fucking scared
you guys been killing with the comments
thank you so much I've been reading a
lot of your comments you missed the
drama from yesterday go check out the
link in the description below or after
this video you might click and watch the
video what happened complaining a hater
in first and praying alright guys that's
it for today thank you so much for
watching and once again it's your life
your choice don't let anybody tell you
what to do you do
you want don't listen to your teachers
don't listen to anybody you know what I
mean by don't listening to your teachers
like actually I don't know honestly
school I don't know yeah I never went to
college was ever in school I wish you
guys good luck like in a very good way I
just don't believe that you go to
college and it's gonna guarantee you a
nice job I decided I wanted to be an
actor and I want to start doing a
YouTube channel so I can get recognized
you know so my dreams came true but far
from it
far from it it's just the beginning of
my journey but I'll tell you guys
something whatever you guys wish for it
can happen work hard for it be a villain
cause villains we don't care we want to
be who we want to be that's right
villain life that's the life I chose for
the villain life chose me but thank you
guys so much for watching once again I
love you thank you for all the support
on the daily content I'm very serious
right now actually you know why it's a
nice little hat I might give away I'm
gonna give it away comment comment down
below why are you a villain comment why
you're a villain
let me know what you want to see more in
the vlogs how you want to see the vlogs
and I'll make it happen for you thank
you guys so much I love you and that's
me
