who is this little bitch your broad what
you're gonna do what I'm villains
welcome to another video so right now I
woke up in the great mood and this
fucking people are sending you messages
y'all this kids trying to like expose
you or talking shit talked about my
porno back in the day talking shared
calling me a fag telling me that I'm
lying spraying people with a fire
extinguisher and this kid looks honestly
like a biggest pussy ever like look at
this kid he's asking people to donate
him dollars and shit on this livestream
thank you for your donation Ryan yeah he
wants attention from a bigger channel
like me he's doing live right now on
Hollywood Boulevard and I live not too
far away I'm gonna pull up right now and
let's see what this kids has to say in
my face drinking his fucking little
straw suck in that cock wait I have
something in my eye
yeah you're gonna have my fist in your
eye right now I don't want to fight I
don't want to get arrested I wish this
guy swings first I wish I had the fire
extinguisher I've been in return of I'm
a pussy I'm a pussy let's go see what a
fuckin pussy is
hi so this haters talking shit online
all this blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah I'm gonna go in front of his face
he called me a pussy let's see how much
of a pussy he is he wants his attention
sure I'll give him attention sure but
let's see comporting a fucking hater in
person I'm gonna go in front of his face
right now let's see if he's gonna call
me a pussy I want to see what kind of
reactions I'm gonna get from this guy he
wanted a reaction I'll give him
IRA followed him oh shit guys put this
here stop what you're gonna do I know
you touched me I know you taught you it
close pressing me on my black bro what's
up you pressing me on my blog wanna
continue to fucking shoot this on here
well you saw what I will end this right
here you're gonna end this right now
make a bet well you find out no I don't
care how big you are wrong show when you
pulled up on me you're like damn it I'm
setting up right now I'm not scared you
would almost dead of you team ready you
better let this guy know if he wants to
continue shooting oh you sure do you
know I'm a lot of stream here but just
know this is my blog bro this is your
blog yes yeah what's your blog you're
gonna call yawns over you want to find
out what your youtube right now by tally
no hm all right you two you're working
tight any shit it's fake and my boys
that you paid for your fucking content
will come here right now and I'll fuck
you up behind the camera - weirdo you
want to stand
your blog who is this little bitch your
Brock what you're gonna do bitch fuck
you and your blog yeah look at you
fucking your friends right come on touch
me fuck your first touch me first you
little bitch Joshua I don't wanna go to
jail I don't my citizenship but look at
January shit you say I'm you know I'm up
right yeah we can walk away no money we
can walk away no matter we can walk away
101 we can walk away 101 you were you
fucking boy I get on my face yeah get
out of my face you little bitch I came a
little bitch that's what internet
warriors do their little bitches just
like this guy I came I put a red carpet
to your face that's all you can say hey
your 7000 subscribers are gonna go up
because of me say thank you see he
wasn't gonna do nothing that he's gonna
tell me out on bail that's his blah blah
blah blah
you can say Greek hey I'm not free hey
not me
Brandon is he's just a liability alright
guys so just go home up there's crazy
and then I have few meetings to go to so
I'm gonna recap everything right now I
woke up this morning see somebody
tweeting yo this guy's talking shit
about you on the livestream so I go I
see this guy's calling me a fag all
these names bring up my past that
everybody knows about that nobody gives
a shit anymore about it so I'm a cool
cool
this internet warrior is gonna talk shit
let me see if I show up in person so I
see his livestream I go there I said the
pussy's here the pussy's here later red
carpet for him he didn't do nothing and
apparently this is the kid that got hit
by a car two weeks ago he ran off his
block it's your fucking block and you're
running off of it like a little girl
picking off I saw your reports while
you're on bail you're going bail for
beating your wife not just crazy bro so
listen to me right now don't tweet me
tell me to meet you at fast-food
restaurants if you want this you got 24
hours to decide where you want to fight
me we'll go to UFC ringing bare hands me
and you and you're gonna get laid out in
the first round probably in the first 30
seconds okay cuz I don't want any
problems I came to you in person what
you're gonna do face to face you can do
nothing I don't want no internet drama
but if it had to happen like this way it
happened enjoy your 15 minutes of fame
stop beating your wife so you brought up
my dick in your life in conversation I'm
glad you like it thank you very much and
speaking of you don't mean have a dick
what's up with this picture bro
anyways you got 24 hours to decide if
you want this hands right here 24 hours
UFC no gloves no nothing no rules just
mean you in the cage
let's go like this video guys if you
want to see this fight happen enjoy your
15 minutes of fame when I knock you out
it's gonna be 30 minutes of fame I'm
giving you double all right guys thank
you so much for watching I love you so
much and dusty Dinah
