that's a bunch of pussy ass haters
haters
what's up villains welcome to another
video so been sitting on YouTube reading
your comment amazing comments what's up
with a fucking damn view YouTube's been
complete shit I don't know what's going
on they're not sending notifications to
any of my friend like any people
subscribe are not saying notifications
make sure you turn your notifications on
I think my youtube career is over it
really is I got to figure out something
else to do it's like I don't understand
it's okay yeah I know it took a break
you know and it's not sending it to my
friends all my friends are texting oh
you've been uploading videos we're not
getting notifications and we didn't earn
our post notifications on so after you
turn the post notifications off you
still not get qualified comment below if
you like these daily videos cuz I'm
gonna keep going but for right now I
need to figure out a new job all these
good times look at all these clips oh my
god for a billion views I can smell it I
can taste it
my million subscriber plaque for second
channel my million plaque for the main
channel I love you well I've been
sitting at fucking 9.3 for almost a year
why Vitaly why cuz I haven't been
uploading shit I know it's my fault so
now it's time to find a new job I guess
you do so I'm out here and I late
driving around and looking for a fucking
sugar daddy that's right I'm gonna look
for a sugar daddy
tonisha look at me I'm fucking fabulous
bitch who is Kim K who's Kylie Jenner
just look at me Mom
yeah I'll probably wondering how I got
this with this my fuckin when it's at a
gas station he left his keys on her this
bitch was pushed to start I started that
shit on that took off I mean took off
license plate for this motherfucker we
out yeah so I mean driving around
fucking me if I'm gonna get a few
injections I'll just be looking like Kim
K fucking Kylie Jenner who the fuck even
are they who who I should have my own TV
fucking show okay
what you looking at boy I'll fucking
turn you down right away like I said a
few more surgeries and y'all boy is
gonna look so silky smooth like a wise
baby ass mmm let's go hey boy I'm sexy
hey you want to fuck me do you want to
fuck me give you a kiss please please
man my youtube career is over
hey boy that's you Hey hello what's up
dude you may kiss give me a kiss baby
come on baby I want to fuck you hey you
took in that kids boy give me a kiss boy
gimme a kiss boy cheers man hello are
you hiring
I am a female my name is tanisha yeah
come on man my youtube career is over a
god damn it fuck mmm I can probably
squat in this whoo at least I want to be
giving blowjobs and dollies in the back
room god fucking damn I'm just trying to
holla $5 yeah god damn man fuck uh uh
hell nah you've been sleeping with my
man top baby you may kiss you know me
yeah you cheated on my girl give me that
shit give me that shit right I'm gonna
fucking kiss you I'm gonna fucking kiss
you boy come on come on bitch come on
come on bitch come on I need to pay my
RAM baby please I'll do anything I swear
I'll cut off my dick for this job God
fuckin deaf look at this BAM ice white
BAM
fuck this shit
hey baby daddy damn fuck me
nobody wants to play with me haha oh
yeah motherfuckers hiring I know you can
hear me I love the office bunch of pussy
ass haters boxer haters hey baby what's
up fuck you come on bitch come on come
on I'll fuck you chill you love me you
fucking bitch
hey boy I'm at my booty hole it's time
for you you write your down love you do
you want to fuck me for 10 bucks you do
it do you want to fuck me for $10 let's
do it what we're gonna do it yeah you
ain't good I love you he's trumping on a
high yo what you won for 10 bucks
yeah I'll donate to you of my boy yeah
wait what did you say are you on drugs
I'm trying for you what so you're ready
to fuck me for 10 bucks
hey babe baby did you buy my shoe for 5
bucks yup I box I really need to pay my
rent tomorrow for real
fuck you can take it for free just five
bucks you didn't have five bucks I wanna
fuckin bammo Pay Pal with some shit fuck
you hey boys y'all wanna fuck can i fuck
you can i fuck you
can I hit it back my name is Sonia
thank you you might get a her pr2 star
nice I was getting high whoo
is my outfit on fleek be honest thank
you wants to say something sec food
camera come on come on gang so for real
so I got to pay rent how I got to pay
rent out here I'm trying to sell my
booty hole dude I should I know it's
just a little tight but yeah Tony says
in the house tells a camel toe bitch hey
goddamnit
no luck again these motherfuckers got me
high spike she I can't
shit heroin buy that shit that agree
lied I think that shit is bright fucking
orange oh shit I'm going no fucks given
goddamn no bitch I don't know what they
fucking sprinkle that share I'm a
fucking cloud nine oh fucking god damn
alright we'll turn you sure didn't find
a job I guess I gotta stick to YouTube
every day I'm gonna be uploading but
check this out guys just got home I
don't have olive oil to cook on zero
olive oil
my spring shit does not work what about
some honey chicken is that do you can't
use as like an oil there's a chef batali
wait I just have the munchies I need
chicken lasagna
what's up my boy buddy that's super not
how it's going to go are you sure
99 delicious my boy just finished
cooking with Chef Batali whoo
let's try it Wow
it's good Wow gains for days drool a lot
lately and everybody's wondering why the
fuck do you drilled Batali you're not a
little kid anymore no it's because a
broke the jaw last year with a bull a
lot of people ask me how what happened
you guys want to know a real fucking
story behind that I'll tell you a real
story I got paid $150,000 not to go in
the ring with a bull that was my idea
they said dude three live videos they
have to break numbers and we were
selling you for a million dollars I'm
like okay fuck it so first video was me
putting human Nutella pancake not this
one the long time ago YouTube deleted it
it was last year human Telepan cake with
a girl it was cool 20,000 viewers the
next one had 40,000 viewers but the bowl
I was like everyone's gonna watch it the
haters and the people that love me so I
did it anything I'm gonna break my
fucking jaw and that's what happened I
was crazy and they didn't resign me I
think my managers fucking lie to me well
that's why I have a new manager now but
that shit's just fucking wild and they
said if the bull hit me like one
centimeter higher I would have died
that's just fucking crazy a lot of
people ask me what are you regret in
life I think now that's the moment I was
rolling in regret I knew it wasn't a
good idea to go in the ring with a bull
I thought I'm gonna break my leg my arm
not my fucking face holy shit oh oh it's
stuck I had to undo it but yeah you have
a time in sound a week of June oh shit
oh shit that joint knocked me out hey
guys thank you so much for watching this
video make sure you give it a big thumbs
up turn your post notifications on
comment your favorite part I fucking
love you guys this is crazy this is
crazy that joint completely knocked me
out
hi guys I see tomorrow cuz I gotta get
the new video up that's good idea
