what's up villains welcome to another
video thank you so much for coming back
watching oh my god the feedback on the
latest video is amazing today I'm gonna
go around with this $10,000 and ask for
friends if I can buy their girlfriends
if I get into a fight you know what that
is more views actually for pranking for
five years and never got punched i
collab with one prankster he got punched
but I never got punched if I get punched
more views so I hope I'll get punched
because times are rough on YouTube right
now but anyways we're gonna get some
batteries we're gonna get some energy
drinks we're gonna get hyped up because
shits about to be real we headed to
Santa Monica 3 2 1
so just got to Santa Monica beach and
I'm gonna tell you living California's
fucking expensive everywhere you go you
gotta pay for parking everywhere no
matter where which is okay but what do
they want today seven bucks how much
seven dollars bro I'm not getting any
YouTube views right now my YouTube is
very low millionaire
I wish all right
it's C huh no I'm going to dies it's 70
cents okay all right okay okay so we
just got to this beautiful beach this is
where everybody works out well the
question is the baby lip and all that
girl is she is so hot oh these guys are
looking everyone's looking but I'm gonna
walk up to her mark my words I'm not
gonna miss that she's bugging us say she
has a boyfriend because she's too hot
they all have a boyfriend
little do they know so the video is I'm
gonna go to boyfriends and they have to
feel kinda intimidated by me so I got to
get a little pump you don't got it know
that stick to cause any stretch okay
games do nothing to gain that's all I
got
there's the gods listening to me right
now I can only get her number
if I climbed this all the way Wow
you think I'm serious right now let's go
take three
you want her number
that count you like halfway do for the
villains do it for the villains all my
hands he's going down oh oh what's up oh
just a little bit
hey what's up guys know your girlfriend
can i buy her its money tenrecs guys
guys get a good reaction you guys are
funny
but on a real note can you sell me to
her she's cute I love my chocolate daily
yeah hi a quick question do you know how
to get to Venice yeah quick question can
i buy my girlfriend that what's up
there's a girlfriend can i buy her for
ten thousand dollars you do just making
a video can I buy you for ten thousand
dollars see not can't do these Springs
anymore people know me everybody I'm
done I give up I'm going home for
subdued you see you just huh I just want
to buy your girlfriend for $10,000
do you mind
why again its are you sure
Oh what are you gonna do question can i
buy your girlfriend for $10,000 she's
really pretty yeah
what's my shtick I don't know my mom
blocked Craigslist so I can't go at
night in Craigslist after this in person
stole daddy's money $10,000 yeah yeah
well that's what I meant yeah she's a
little smarter than you ah you guys have
a little thing for each other I'm sorry
man and when you have a wedding just
invite me I'll be your right-hand man
yeah okay a big dick
which video were you watching yesterday
really yeah you like this look at this
bro got infection though yeah you guys
really thought I stuck oil that's
arranged that I was using actually did
not have anything it just was a needle I
cleaned it with an alcohol pad I stuck
it in cool you want to get injected
that's right thank you so much bro
through my boy thanks to my boy Vitaly
thank you I have a question that's your
girlfriend oh yeah you're pretty uh can
I buy you for ten thousand dollars for
me really she she ain't a gold digger no
that's good
no gold diggers allowed even though
those are my favorites gold diggers are
my favorites because they want money in
return but what do you get in return
yard you know but you don't buy him
anything you pretend you're gonna buy
him but you don't buy them anything does
that mean mentality has a fucked up were
you from London people know me in London
yeah if you're from London are you
watching this comment below and let me
know why should come I got to get my
visa he's everywhere man thanks Rex
I missed these days walking on the beach
talking to people feels good let's get
punched in the face
hello can i buddy a girlfriend for
$10,000 please she's so pretty
please please how much 20,000 a quarter
we're meeting the deal I'm serious it's
real money you don't want it so I'm not
gonna lie the last couple years when I
was going out and spending blowing my
money at a club stupid but I'm being
honest with you guys what I was doing
going to the club getting bottle service
all this cool stuff and then I'm
thinking now is it may be cheaper for me
just a girl's the DME or that I be I'm a
girl and fly her from a different
country one way because she's gonna walk
back home and do that instead of me
going every other night well actually I
haven't been out guys in two months I've
been to this Russian party two weeks ago
that's the last one
your boys working at transformation your
boys working hard fuck partying it
didn't get me anywhere well it's not
gonna get anybody anywhere yeah I'm just
like happy to be filming these videos
again and finally got out of my
uncomfort so I want to say depression
what's another word for depression like
I lost my goal is what I wanted to do
you know what I mean it's like I was
just gonna do something do something
bluster goals my biggest goal was to you
know be getting every video and every
other video 5 10 million views a video
and I was getting that for such a long
time and then I stopped uploading it
because like I had it fucking idiot you
guys told me to go back to Miami I think
I am gonna go to Miami to Miami I would
probably already get in 3 fights or
something I think I need to go more
aggressive I should be like can I fuck
you a girl for 10k fuck a lot how are
you
either your girlfriend you gonna sleep
with her for $10,000 what's up do you
want $10,000 20,000
up can you guys help me out he looks
like a nice guy I love you guys yeah
yeah excuse me I wanna have kids with
the girlfriend okay oh she got cute
she's kid she's cute it's a great couple
that's what I came up to I wish I could
have caramel kids but you know I I'll
leave it to her coffee
know what's up thanks bro trying to bro
its
fucking injecting olive oil into my left
arm yeah sin told us yeah thanks bro
trying to be like you right yeah I said
of that D for a while alright ladies and
gentlemen just left Santa Monica got a
few reactions but it's getting fucking
dark so early now it's not even 6:00 and
it's pitch black outside but guess what
headed home right now and you know what
that means
traffic welcome to LA traffic I wonder
what I can do in the traffic
I need your help
I need your help I need your help oh
shit oh shit what up boys let's go let's
go oh shit shit drop me I'll bring you
stop stop stop stop shit we might need
what the fuck
hold it
holy shit
so we're in Hollywood Boulevard it's
like literally 8 p.m. zero people around
I have never seen so fucking dead I just
want to make a video god damn it I want
to start uploading every day come on
where's the fucking reaction guys why
don't you comment what you want to see
more of if it's not a prank do you want
to see my life you want to see my
friends do you want to see how I spend
the days if I don't film videos but I
want to start uploading it every day you
know fucking you adapt or die by
question I got these $10,000 gonna suck
your cock it is real you don't believe
me nobody go for 10k can I bite your
girlfriend for $10,000
Oh
yeah just for the night I just poke you
a couple times that says you down you
can join sooo we're gonna have a nice
but it's alright he will be tonight
we're gonna have a nice threesome
tonight he will take it in the ear I'll
take it in the butt
we'll call it a night there's a driver
so the drivers are come true we're gonna
horse the struggle is real in the
streets Craigslist got shot down maybe
it's for free right we don't have to I
don't have to pay you all so you're
calling yourself a hooker now now you
want a picture with me you already on
the video it's okay stop being shy okay
so was this right so what surprise I'm
kidding I was take a picture excuse me I
have a question
can I buy her for ten thousand dollars
wife just for one night
okay so I can't get her for ten thousand
bucks dude
can i fuck you for ten thousand you're
funny
so she was just walking down Hollywood
Boulevard alone I had to give her
company she smells very yeah what's your
name hi Brooke nice to meet you
oh my god I love your outfit
going to a porn set white by yourself do
you work we were just talking about that
I'm not gonna ask you that because I
know you don't cuz I'm him have a
boyfriend I just want to get your number
don't be dirty and your mind like oh
that Fisher friend
we give read books that's a dang good
see her she she's a little freak
and she looks pretty right she looks
good the camera makes it look good right
we're good I've been uploading every day
I need an extra view yeah i watch
everything alright guys it's time p.m.
we've been running around got the
reactions for the prank now I'm gonna
give this $10,000 away sign all you have
to do is comment what you want to see
more in this videos that's right easy
the winner for yesterday post
notifications on and comment goes to Sam
always plays Congrats bro excuse me
sorry to try can I buy a girl for
$15,000 yeah okay see no no no would you
sell your girl for 10 racks but I was
gonna say turn your post notifications
also unum into another video make sure
you like this video if you like this
video it helps me to know they actually
enjoy watching this videos and it gives
you motivation to do more but now it's
time for the gym let's go okay guys so
my gym was closed but I still found the
gym in the area that's open gains don't
stop let's go reverse grip we're gonna
do chest I do like weight 4 sets of 20
I'm trying to get ripped not big
so a lot of people in the comments been
saying hobby town is getting big who
tells you this I'm trying to get
shredded I try to get that 6% body fat
trying to be fucking man I've been on a
diet in a diet if you're watching this
video you know unmotivated get off your
couch right now and challenge yourself
because I was in the state where like I
gave up and working out I got so flabby
look my size we're coming out my muffin
toughen lovin toughen whatever you call
them watch me because I'm releasing the
best transformation video in January get
ready and I'm gonna stay straight all
year round games
our villains just killed a gym I want to
show you something cool are you ready
the car's gonna pay a part for me oh no
you're not done I'm gonna press ok on
you we're not done stop for showing the
full shoulder bull fucking barking oh I
just had to put straight because it has
to go forward going forward for me
I forgot I have to put to drive hi
villains it's your life your choice
don't let anybody tell you what you can
do what you can do
fuck everybody do whatever if you want
to do I'm serious I know it's a little
inspirational message but anyways guys I
love you so much please thumbs up this
video if you want me to keep going in
the street cuz I love you guys Bessy
Danya
