oh yeah what's on villains welcome to
another video thank you so much for
coming back thank you for liking all my
latest videos but YouTube doesn't like
it because it keeps fucking monetizing
all these videos which is okay but it's
not okay because I don't want to go back
to being a busboy I do have one thing
I'm building a battalion sensors
flatline this just gonna be lit it's
gonna be rated R Frank's nobody's gonna
tell me what to do it's gonna be
explicit it's gonna be like rated arts
no it's not gonna be porn it will be
super super super super explicit radio
are tell me that YouTube won't allow me
you can became like a Disney show now
I'm that Disney I'm not gonna change my
villain brand for YouTube to monetize my
videos I'll just build my own platform
I'm in a good mood I hoped you guys in a
good mood too we are gonna go pick up a
fire extinguisher right now that's right
h2o fire extinguisher and when I see
people on the street today smoking
cigarettes I'm blowing their faces
oh I'm not chemical I this is for this
is for our production I'm spraying
people in the face with itself
yeah cloud or cloud of smoke that's what
I need do you have that yeah I'm headed
to the shop now all right so we finally
got hc2 oc2 I already forgot but here we
go we're loading up with opera I'm gonna
go spray people that smoke cigarettes
right that's good so if I sees today
smoking in public spraying you right in
the face no regrets is just water right
but go to jail won't be the first time
drop the soap when I was at world Syria
still but little bit loose so I'm ready
for more let's get we're doing this
autograph yeah
all this you really I'm gonna ask him if
he lifts do you even lift him and give
him a little hard then give him my phone
number
all right so we're walking around
looking for my victims right now and
these guys came through and what you
tell me bro I said it's good that you
came back thanks if you're not whiny
right now on YouTube YouTube's not gonna
take care of you you're not gonna make
money you gotta be Blue's Clues that's
exactly what I said earlier in the video
that's crazy bro yeah that's what you
got to stay rated R I'm stating rated R
I'm not changing billing is the brand
I'm not changing into Disneyland PG
shifts you guys like that slap a like
right now love you let's go find some
peace yo you got to stop smoking bro
smoking is bad
what do you mean talking about I'm gonna
spray you if you keep smoking what's up
oh yeah
why are you smoking and the cigarette
doesn't even go out that's hilarious uh
yo is that a cigarette is that a
cigarette is that a cigarette gonna
stray you're a nice guy yeah can I spray
you again yeah I'm fucking crazy dude
how many times did I say not to smoke in
my hood you guys gonna smoke cigarettes
right here in public there's kids around
here
fuck you what are you talking guys
you're gonna come to my hood and smoke I
live up here I'm sorry dude last guy
smoked crack any one of my mom's knows
so now she's in the hospital because of
the smoking over here you guys smoking
crack oh can I hit it can I hit it why
I'm gonna spray it again okay we're just
fucking around
they're just air can I hit it now hey
now the boys are gonna let me hit it
alright guys so this is all the
reactions with God I know it got dark
that's not an excuse though but tomorrow
is a brand new day that means I'm gonna
give you guys a brand new video that's
right vitaly uploaded two videos in the
row don't worry it's gonna be three in a
row tomorrow's another idea but right
now I'm headed to my mom's house I know
you guys miss my mom you guys want my
mom in more videos I see those DMS I see
her DMS guys something I'm stupid I'm
headed right now to her house and I'm
just gonna spray her with the fire
extinguisher just because and just
because I love her I love all the love
of my new videos you guys gave me
motivations to make this videos again I
told you guys you watch the Russian
hitman retribution you guys knew my
situation so tomorrow I have another
brand new idea actually I'm gonna tell
you guys tomorrow I'm gonna go ask guys
even they want to sell me their
girlfriends for ten thousand fucking
dollars that's what I'm gonna do
tomorrow but for right now we're going
to my mom's gonna spray her we'll see
what kind of reactions I'm gonna get
let's go sorry guys we just go to my
mom's apartment and she
I'm coming over but with a big surprise
it's your lovely son mama what's up how
are you and say - the video camera
all right just come my mom down Oh
haven't seen her in the week good mama
say hi to the villains love you you
telling me to start uploading every day
I think they want me to upload it guys
if you're watching this video right now
and you support me and you support my
mom I want to see thumbs up like this
fucking video sorry to talk to you guys
like this but like the video gives me
motivation to do more videos like this
tomorrow filming another video for you
I'm on the roll right now are you gonna
see what we do to you tomorrow
this is just the beginning okay oh my
god put it back put it back that's my
fucking treats no yours yeah make sure
you guys turn post notifications on make
sure you like the video and comment your
favorite part of the video and then
tomorrow is the video I'm gonna give
that YouTube channel a shout-out that's
right love you mom thanks for feeding me
thanks for getting me fat love you so
much we're out love just stop drinking
you please I will know I love you mom
see you beg no we did not kiss on the
facility
nah okay so after pranking my mom we got
to Hollywood Boulevard and I got three
of these cans three and I got to return
them tomorrow so I gotta put this to you
Doug it refreshening why can I have your
clothes I'll trade you oh yeah right so
I rented three of these cans I gotta put
him to use this is the last one I did
some clips for Instagram guys here sneak
peek if you want to see the rest check
out my Instagram Batali's EDTV that's
right and it's gonna put this to use
couple more I'm done
well yeah thank you so much yeah an
assignment thank you so much
all right villains thank you so much for
watching this video make sure you turn
your post notifications on so you don't
miss another video make sure you like
this video and tomorrow I'm gonna be
giving a shout out to one of the
villains in the comment make sure you
come in your favorite part I've been
loving just making this videos three
videos in the row well it's actually I
think two but tomorrow I'm going for
three and seriously don't forget to turn
your post certifications on our villains
I'll see you tomorrow
that's it on yet
