what's up villains welcome to another
video so today it's gonna be a little
fucking crazy and what I mean by crazies
all these guys are going to gym trying
to get big let's give them a little
shortcut let's give them a little bit of
steroids well really it's olive oil but
I'm gonna do a little mix of Tran tests
who knows what let's get these guys big
let's see what reactions were gonna get
me coming up with the needle what would
you do if I came up to you and be like
yo my boy let me poke you in ass with
this excuse me I have a question
serious fucking question I'm giving you
free roid samples you want some you sure
I don't check this out have you ever
seen gains like this look look at this
oh I feel it I feel it running through
me fucking la la la wow wow wow
fucking gains
what's up it's great I know you want
some for you I've got a big one for you
show me your butt show me your butt
you're a villain yeah you want this to
you on the steroids huh yes
you give me your butt breath so you've
been going to the gym for how long like
four years and you're small so I imagine
24 hours in the gym and you're gonna get
fucking as big as our note let's do this
boy I love your commitment whoa
give me that juicy booty just one butt
cheek just one that not too much not too
much I free samples and steroids yeah
you want to get big what side effects
your cock might not go up but it's okay
sorry that already happened to me in
2011 oh you're gonna you're gonna get
big you're gonna be hard up to the
sample I'll give you a bucks for free if
you tried right now just bend over and
I'll poke this to you you're gonna get
so big you won't wipe your ass wants of
steroids free samples yeah yeah you want
some huh what's up everything's legal I
make my own rules
yeah yeah my my trunks full of roid
trend test and a bar whatever you want
friend test you know anything about
steroids
I don't did you take them back in the
day and you stopped
so if you want some it's easy bro just
make an injection just started this
fucking crazy cycle on steroids you want
to demonstrate it how it goes fucking
games
fucking J's he wants the steroids huh
not some olive oil because I'm too I'm
too hard I need to get a little softer
yeah are you sure all right let me let
me see your butt let me poke you once no
it goes into your vein right yeah yeah
it goes into your vein this is good
looks like you used to do heroin right
no okay but you're looking good what are
these these are boot camp glasses oh
shit yoga classes you're gonna be taking
yoga more like Zumba oh my boy you want
some stairs which one do you want my bro
hell yeah you know about it
trend test everything combined into one
hell yeah bro what's up oh no it just
says you want some steroids not a white
wine one I'm not gonna inject them so I
just want to talk to you for a second
yeah what yeah what's up I don't know I
don't I haven't taken those I know some
other guys in there dude
my why have you taken them just because
I haven't really had the need to and
then on top of that I'm coming from an
ankle injury so I have to rehab and so
that's a whole different ballgame okay
what are you like are you just like a
local vendor out here yeah I'm just a
local vendor yeah walk around sell fake
steroids and stuff okay I mean they're
real but I know what's your name my name
is Vitaly you're going to be here
tomorrow
yeah they give yeah yeah and they call
me like if you don't want to see me
because I don't share my number call me
the king of the steroids in town can
give steroids these Kings steroids
around to go whoa
and I usually come by cool and you hit
up a lot of gyms okay every gym everyday
make about 100k a week I'm selling
steroids would you like something
are you sure dude they're the best
they're the best fucking in town game
for date right yeah fucking vine
who's the vines anymore so listen brah
you're fucking looking good I'm proud of
you you're skating again want some
fucking roids are you sure what are you
fucking sure fucking dude hockey games
my boy
ah I'm giving out free steroids to
people you want some steroids
I appreciate the offer
what do you mean by that I would it
wouldn't go well for me how do you know
how do you know you're gonna start
talking like a girl no know what how do
you would even sense an acne thing yeah
yeah you know what you know what this
riddle you know what this provide this
with free acne treatment you will get a
person come to your house every day
I'm pop your zits in your back it might
be funny to you but I'm actually serious
this is a great $9.99 a month you get a
package of olive oil and this hilarious
no question but did I think I heard you
have to dude if you need its and secure
huh
some gear yeah yeah I'm selling steroids
fun about it I'm just handing out free
steroids man why me Dulce what I'm doing
samples you want a sample yeah sure
that's what I mean well I I get it from
the black market
yeah here you want to spot me real quick
right now okay no no I'm not gonna
poking to you I'm my bad my bad cuz I
don't care the cops know the whole town
knows do you think these guys are inside
big because of me I sell it in $9.99 I
got the whole package coming in it's
coming in hot
the people that I have met okay ten
milliliter bottle a blowjob huh a
blowjob how much money blow it
I'll give you a blowjob we'll call it a
deal all right villains thank you so
much for watching this video if you do
want me to start uploading this often
please leave a like on this video takes
a second just leave a like and share
this video with the friends that need to
get big alright guys see you next time
let's see Daniel
