what's up villains welcome to another
video thank you so much for coming back
and watching you thank you for liking
the new style of videos that's I'm gonna
be doing videos from now on but it's
Friday it's Friday you got to get laid
on Friday that's right your boy got
$10,000 cash fake cash hello hello and
the haters are calling yeah I can hear
you sorry too much cash on the way yeah
my bad today I'm gonna go up to girls at
outside mall and ask him who they want
to sleep with me or have sex with me or
fucking pokum for $10,000 let's see what
kind of reactions we're gonna get I
don't know what's about filming in LA
but I don't feel like it's the same like
in Miami who remembered in Miami all
days here's like oh my god you're
filming me oh my god where's my release
form oh my god I'm an actress bitch you
ain't an actress go back to Oklahoma
shit just because you've been in one
little commercial or something you're
not gonna like you know what I mean I
don't know just people it's different
people expect something here I don't
know I miss Miami coming below if I
should go back to Miami for a week and
fucking kill it because I'm sick and
tired of this yeah excuse me hi good
question I have a question would you
sleep with me for $10,000 why not come
on you're an actress
I'm a virgin I'm just trying my dad gave
me this money I'm just trying to blow it
up so I'm not I'm not a cop
I know why you think you can't
soliciting for prostitution
oh you've done it before you know really
I can I can be your boyfriend if I give
you the $10,000 did you sleep with me
I'm sorry I'm a virgin I'm trying to
lose my virginity and I thought you were
really beautiful so I'm ready to give my
dad's money to you are you sure
make it twenty thousand I'll give you 40
thousand what are you you don't have to
work you ever again let's go I'm taking
you home
come on see ya is that your chocolate
boyfriend oh you rich yours oh oh sorry
I cock-blocked you but see money talks
you see alright guys so they're filming
this video and if you're watching this I
already streak the diet you beautiful
mug go though I have no any benefit I
street the World Series and guess who
flew in the biggest Russian vlogger Amir
on his boy Sasha tequila
that's right Aquila tequila now drop
America and yeah so we're asking girls
for $10,000 would it work in Russia just
be very English so I'm basically doing
this scene where I come up and I say he
doesn't speak any English and show him
the money show him your money good sex
no sir no sex no money it's a friend
just flew in from Russia he speak zero
English he thought you were cute he was
asking if eating seafood for $10,000
are you sure he once loved $10,000
that's really why is that rude he just
wants to poke that said I started to
interrupt your work on my Russian friend
is fluent he's asking if he can sit on
his face for $10,000 is that okay
10,000 to 20,000 they said 20,000 is
okay that's it this is dollar up okay
can you do it you're interested I can
tell I see those hearts and those eyes
she says yes she says okay I see hi
girls
tell you what I stay here
you want my money he doesn't want to
play any games but but it's okay but
here's a lot of money and he doesn't
speak English are you sure I can ask
alright guys so did you skip leg day
that video got fifty thousand thumbs up
so I'm definitely doing the even left
part three I'm actually working on it
I'm getting ideas because I want to make
the crazies they even live part 3 video
ever for the streak in the World Series
I asked for a hundred thousand likes I
got a hundred thousand likes you guys
are killing it so for this video I'm
asking just 50 thousand likes and
tomorrow I'm gonna go and ask dudes if I
can poke their girlfriend she's gonna go
up to a guy and a girl and be like yo
can I bang yo girl what's your kind of
reactions gonna get probably a few
fights but come on guys if you're
watching this fifty thousand likes but
right now let's find some more girls so
you pop the Molly you pop them all no
really yeah it's good so you just ease
her cardia it's your cardia yeah her do
you want to sleep with me for ten
thousand
huh no that's not a joke you down it's a
joke it's not gonna be a joke when I
enter you excuse me ladies
can we make an Oreo cookie tonight for
$10,000 are you a cookie for 10 to 10 K
you down or your cookie okay yeah when I
go between you guys and we just all have
a foursome
yeah you whatever right yeah yeah cuz
I'm why you're back so you guys gonna
surround me yeah yeah yeah I'm just my
dad's rich he gave me he's like son go
get laid you're a fucking virgin loser
so here I am
money talks huh that's real money
I love black woman eylem Elliot
chocolate right off for you it's 10,000
euros yeah yeah okay I'm gonna go jerk
off with my left hand
thanks ladies see oh hi I got 10 K can
you spend a night with me are you
serious sick no that's crazy
do you want to sleep with me for $10,000
there are fake my daddy my dad gave me
okay
I told you can you feel it feel this
first well I'll just take go what let's
let's go
I'm taking yo let's go behind the corner
right here Vitaly nice to meet you
Vitaly
I'm Russian Russian and our lover yeah
black from the waist down what was your
number yeah hi you can look but you
can't touch you want to spend the night
with me for 10 racks please I
what about 20 I can't I just want to get
laid
what I'll just give you for your time
that said you down
I'm a cute guy God an other question
hello
you're working we just spend a night
with me for 10k I think I are you're
really beautiful so I think we should
poke what's up no I'm not joking I'm I'm
serious
can we do it it's real money
yeah but why you would would you mind
sleeping with me for $10,000 yeah of
course you take half up front if not be
good okay five thousand five minutes all
night long yes Oh what do you go you
guys do for YouTube what's up yeah wait
what well you have to suck half of my
cock and then pull too bad they're fake
hi these girls most of them wanted it
what do you guys think most of them
wanted that ten thousand dollars they
were hesitant they were thinking about
it leave a comment tell me what you guys
think and for the next 48 hours I'll be
replying to the comments that's right
and also 50,000 likes on this video I'm
gonna go ask I'm fucking making a video
ah sorry so yeah for the next 48 hours
leave a comment I'm gonna be responding
tell me your favorite part of the video
and 50,000 likes I'm gonna go ask dudes
if I can poke their girls oh yeah love
you guys thank you so much for watching
best be Daniel
