what's up villains welcome to another
video and it's gonna be one of those
crazy videos where your boy streaks the
world serious that's right I got my boy
Aaron right here I got my boy Jordan
we got three tickets to the World Series
in Houston today's Saturday we're going
to the Sunday game and here yeah I mean
if you don't believe me I mean here one
tickets section 106 row one that's for
me the boys are gonna be somewhere out
there filming it and yeah I'm doing this
again you kind of told me like y'all you
should do this and I was like a thing I
was gonna not gonna do it because I
wanted to the World Cup but then I did
that NBA failed at the Super Bowl twice
twice and then but that's it world
serious tomorrow I gotta get ready or
I'll see uh yeah see they like that
stuff world's here world serious it's
gonna be very fuckin serious what I'm
gonna do tomorrow I'm gonna go and I'm
not stopping I'm not stopping this is
gonna be my longest run out of all my
streaks that I did I promise you guys
that but anyways we got a red-eye
tonight
and we're off so after driving for two
and a half hours I've finally found the
underwear I need American flag underwear
boom we got it we got a little shiny
we're doing it for the show right it's
game time officially it's six o'clock in
the morning with LAX with my boys you
guys ready
go down with less than 12 hours away to
do World Cup MBA I need to put more on
my resume I just can't wait together I
just can't wait to do the stunt a lot of
people like Vitali you're not gonna do
it entirely this does challenge accepted
let's go if you guys wondering how it
feels to be behind bars I'll totally
like this can you feed me please
that's it boys no coming back I've done
this you guys gonna sleep in a nice
hotel room I'm gonna stay I'm gonna
sleep in jail today
gonna suck but it's okay cuz I got the
best lawyer so we're good
boys what are you guys to the game how
many hours how many hours three hours
flat for me to get to the hotel
to write my message on my chest it's a
meaning that baloney sandwich all right
guys I just got to the hotel room I'm
super excited and this is my outfit this
is I'm gonna go this is the pans their
work with Super Bowl
I got cotton these are triple weights
regular shirt this is how it's gonna go
down easy easy breezy I'm gonna take off
my shirt now I'm gonna wear my hat ago a
big fail let's pretend wait and see that
hold on - all right I gotta get my last
meal before before what before I go down
to the sell wonder which way is jail
just shake it out oh look at this
beautiful beautiful view and we got the
downtown view right there
my last breaths of fresh air but it's
gonna be worth it at the end I do it
because my heart needs to do it all
right guys it's officially game time we
gotta go we're kind of late villains
never die this is it I'm doing it
there's no turning around if I commit to
something I'd do it and that's how
you're gonna live like you're gonna
commit something don't back out don't be
a bitch do it do whatever your mind
tells you I'm super excited I'm an
adrenaline junkie
I need adrenaline in my life to live a
little
I know that sounds weird for some people
stupid fucked up but that's how I live
that's how you gotta feel in life before
whatever your heart tells you to do do
it don't be scared just talk to my mom
I guess she doesn't have a choice she
made a point I'm her son she's worrying
about me but my mom can't make decisions
for me I'm an adult so I'm gonna still
gonna go ahead and do it sorry mom if
you're watching this I mean of course
you're watching this I love you I love
you so much
I'm sorry love you love you love you
oh shit they're coming for me how do
they know how do they know I'm doing it
oh no
see and then I got this burner phone I'm
gonna call one of these guys and tell
them hey guys it's go time start
recording and that's when they know when
to record and then at break in half
why am I doing this because I know if I
do with my iPhone and put it in my
underwear they're gonna keep it to a
trial as an evidence blah blah blah oh
wow this guy's balls to Dodgers in
Houston yeah what you're doing you're
gonna spend some time here a little bit
so I should get acquainted
over 24 hours and Ivan there they seem
dependable
all right guys have to step out of the
stadium to talk to you guys for a second
so the next clip is me doing it I think
I'm gonna do it
like for 24 3 I'm not sure I haven't
been at the game
mentally prepared
you guys next one
guys this is their
yeah I got a I'm here
thank the tally got people to the game
laughs okay so is he waiting to see the
judge cocks bail bonds I already know
four vitally vitally got to get the boy
out let's get this bomb posted let's go
of course I was already hitting up all
my buddies I'm like you know I have to
tell you dude
I got my boy let me pray motherfucker
slide in maybe maybe in the next hour
but bond is posted downtown posted right
here to this lady everything's good
everything's done there's nothing do at
this point just wait a few minutes and
he'll be out awesome
okay give you a call yeah yeah look you
know for sure man thank you thanks man
there is sunshine yeah so you want to be
you wanted me to slide into that base
yeah boy oh boy
ha ha look at you let's do mystic peak
first
what an experience in jail guys that was
crazy and these guys right you guys came
at 5 o'clock in the morning they like
you got visitors I'm like what do you
mean visitors I'm like I maybe you guys
went here to bail me out or something
it's the little Bill and fan kane what's
up bro
how are you well he's supposed to be
asleep at 5 in the morning you got the
coolest dad letting you go to jail at 5
in the morning to meet me but I'm free I
didn't drop the soap this time
everything was great
everything was awesome I didn't know
anything
what happened online but I did it for me
like I said
that's dope man you guys were here since
5:00 in the morning wait you guys didn't
go home Wow
bruh shoutout to you guys holy crap I'm
banned the first thing they go what
they've heard the first thing they go is
like sign your life ban from the stadium
I'm like all right like I want to come
back here wow wow what a deja vu just
got back to the hotel room and I am
gonna take the fattest longest hot
shower I will ever probably take in my
life I feel disgusting but on another
note this city is amazing Houston is
amazing thank you to the police
department you guys are awesome thanks
for all the compliments on my biceps
thank you guys for everything you guys
are amazing you guys treated me nice not
like an animal so thank you for that
band from the baseball Minute Maid Park
oh well thank you guys for having me
never coming back again I guarantee you
that Alright villains thank you so much
for watching this video if you're not a
villain make sure you click Subscribe
that's right
and let's get this video to a hundred
thousand likes that's all I'm asking for
a hundred thousand likes and I'm gonna
keep doing crazy shit like this or if
you want to see me do more crazy shit
like this I'm free as a whistle by my
court date is actually next week so make
sure you stay tuned because I'm gonna be
updating you through the process and
thank you so much for watching this
video I love you guys don't forget to
like it and I'll see you guys next time
let's see Daniel your life your choice
don't let anybody tell you what to do
