excuse me can you tell them that the
Cockney sandwich is good here
what's up villains thank you so much for
coming back and watching another video
today I decided to do things a little
bit different I'm going skydiving right
now waking up for breakfast in the
morning like my coffee black like my
woman and then I'm gonna be picking up
girls in the grocery store I decided I
don't want to switch up my content let
me know in the comments below what do
you think is gonna be a prank slash flog
do you actually need 100 job 200 jumps
to jump with the GoPro but I brought my
girlfriend a I'm gonna sneak on to it
and get some footage for you guys
dedication let's go alright so we just
got to skydive Perris I got my license
here that's right I went to school here
and the only school I paid attention and
in high school I never paid attention I
don't know how I graduated 3.5 GPA but
at this school if you don't pay
attention you are splat like a tomato
alright so you got to turn your needy
but what is a be automatic activation so
I just dropped off my parachute and
basically these are Packers they package
for you my own parachute I just learned
how to I'm not really good with my hands
unless it's something so these guys are
gonna do it for me but look at this drop
zone nothing but a dirt nothing like
skydive Dubai nothing like Switzerland
but this is where I'm gonna get my
practice jumps because I'm gonna take
over the world with skydiving that's
right I know sounds ridiculous I got
some dope ideas that involve pranks with
skydiving and I'm gonna do it all for
you guys my thumbs up this video
appreciate that thank you we're about to
get lit and these jumps alright so my
plane leaves in five minutes and I do
not wanna jump with my pants on cuz
sometimes they go down I'm gonna pee you
have seed stepping on diest
everybody loves them
boom guy melt imager we're jumping at
12,500 feet I usually pull around 5,000
because I'd like to play with my canopy
helmets very important safety first
and now gonna put my rig on he not
speaking nervous and you've got a jump
out of freaking air would create fear in
our mind spear doesn't exist we just got
to do it to go for it
so with three minutes from jumping this
is my boy Cody because how many jumps
you got over a thousand over a thousand
so he can jump with the GoPro because
you need 200 jumps I can't he says I'm
gonna get in trouble so you know what
you're gonna jump with me this is my rig
guys chest traps is very important one
time actually forgot to put it on that
would have been bad yeah boom and show
how the loop works this pin goes through
this little loop once this slides out
the whole container opens and the
parachute comes out we want to make sure
that's securely in there so this is my
emergency handles I was talking about it
right here boom if my parachute doesn't
open I gotta pull this and that's
releasing the canopy and this opens up
the new one but if I had my shirt on the
show would've closed it and all these
worrying about him I jump that's putting
my shirt down that's why I got the suit
that's what I'm not as cool as him he's
used to it what are we doing out of a
scribe and I think we should have some
gainers some Flitz you just go fast
towards the ground alright let's do this
how was that that was awesome
there's one time I couldn't find you I
kept looking up but he was below me the
whole time well how did the pool look
you were close it worked
seven minutes before my next jobs having
quick lunch I'm eating health because
I'm doing a crazy transformation video I
haven't drink alcohol in two months feel
better than ever I'm doing crazy
transformation video to inspire you guys
you will see it I did it before and I
went back to gaining weight but nobody's
perfect
so you'll see guys but after instead of
going shopping for fattening food like I
usually do I'm gonna go ahead on some
girls and hopefully eat some booty we'll
see
I'm okay guys but I'm glad I got that of
a camera you were right there right the
jump was what happened you got a flare
you did like this really this is my
canopy course teacher and this is not
how you taught me how to fly a canopy I
don't know what happened there
that's an ass pounding right there man
yeah that was now you just lean into it
I see the right hand here oh yeah so he
actually accelerated me even harder into
the ground yep you gotta equalize the
and those who don't
oh that's what was asking is your ass
okay cuz that's your ass yeah no it's
fully oh all right oh right or I just
finished skydiving it was insane it was
awesome hope you guys enjoyed it I
finally woke up that was my morning
coffee
oh but this is la jail never been there
I actually I've been a police station
but never does jail I should check it
out right the stunt them Dave later this
week probably gonna let me in there or
maybe not you guys gonna have to see for
yourself but right now we're really
getting into it I gotta go pick up girls
at a grocery store
I know it's that to happen that's all
hands yeah I actually never got to
approach a girl in the grocery store I
want to get out of my comfort zone today
and go dude and you know what I
challenge you the viewers right now
watching this video go out and pick up a
girl I don't care what age you are if
you're 12 year old go pick up a
twelve-year-old that's not my kind of
rap but anyways if you're 18 19 20 16
whatever go I don't know do it do a
little challenge challenge yourself
something today that you're never done
go get a number yeah I challenge my
viewers go get a number but if you're a
girl and you see a hot guy go get his
numbers excuse me can you tell them that
the Cockney sandwich is good here
sorry for my friend being where ask for
your name hi nice to missions thanks I
just getting hot in the tower
what were you guys doing tonight I wanna
hang up um nights we can go to the
library and read books
well we got arguments old you were gay I
told you not to do that I told you not
to do that told you to eat that
meat sandwich I told you excuse me
I'm so gay can't even see straight what
does it say spicy lentil I'm too gay
because I can see straight to gay can
see straight you know what are you doing
what are you shopping for I had a plus
one at a plus one because I'm definitely
coming inside and out so Jen Jen vitaliy
spell my name ta a and al but but you
say Batali but yeah yeah catch it but
what's your number we're hanging out
what's okay I'll just text you and you
know if I like your vibe we're gonna
keep talking if I don't I'm just gonna
say peace out you see just that
what's up I'm getting up what what am i
doing I couldn't find this so I had to
get it I'm so sorry
not actually my dad owns this trellis do
you want to get it comes I can get your
comm for free I thought you're just
really good cells like why not I can't
pay for everything
what's your name I Sydney Battaglia out
do you get you good you've been working
out what's up you know what they say 95%
of people lose their wallets like this
because it slides down and goes onto the
cart and then the key gets chained and
gets pulls away
okay now I'm kidding I'm not being weird
just let me a shopping list and I'm just
kidding can I get your number
but you're pretty all right cool what
are you doing what am i doing trying to
get jerked off to be honest I just get
kicked out guys thank you so much for
watching this video please give it a big
thumbs up and I'll see you guys tomorrow
what we're filming how to pick up girls
reaction no no when he was conversating
with me my bad you got kicked out thank
you guys so much for watching this video
please give it a big thumbs up and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
what
watch Aniyah shoes with okay have your
biggest fan you just cursed me off he
washed me since 2012
yeah we will go way back
