what's up guys today I want to talk
about a serious problems I'm sick and
tired of people going to the gym and
only training their upper bodies what
about your fucking legs did you skip a
leg day today I'm gonna find out also if
this video gets 50,000 likes I will dude
even lift part3 bodybuilder edition and
don't forget to turn your post
notifications on so you don't miss
another video enjoy
you need some leg training I can sit I
can tell you definitely don't lift your
legs there's the skinnier than a
toothpick so what are we gonna do about
it your legs they're way too small what
about my mouth I can fix your legs for
you I'm just trying to give you some
tips and you've been rude so what's up
why you like closing your fist like
you're gonna fight me I'm just coming
here
what
you need help obviously you need a walk
home somehow so so we need to lift them
before you collapse on the street fuck
me I know you want to fuck me but come
on then
Oh ninjas coming out you're gonna fight
me for real okay I'm standing here I'm
not going anywhere okay why would you be
bad I'm just fucking that's how I treat
people
yeah I got 100 I got a hundred
memberships thanks bro I know I can tell
okay so fighter and he has a street
fighter shirt I just realized that you
got comfort socks off this guy's the man
walking around with those baggy pants to
hide your legs so when we gonna start
training legs you don't train them prove
it huh take me take me I don't know just
you just can't be walking around with
those noodles I want to help you yeah
I'm talking about your legs because they
need some work do you need a ticket to
leg central
for what I'm not on your face I'm in
your legs
for what I'm giving free lessons because
people like you need a fucking start
working on your legs so that's it I'm
not in your fucking face I'm in your
legs
why don't you drop the shake and put the
dumbbell in your waist you got to start
squatting it's like a needle
I'm not talking shit your legs are
looking Edelen when I train them you
need to train are you running let's
start half marathon they're just excuses
why don't we just start squatting
together
tamam
okay so how big is your dick I'm a
personal trainer that's the smallest
like this team do you want to us well
I'm working on it man I just got a
membership like three days
really yeah I'm gonna do it for free you
just need a doggy style and shit like
that's good yeah these are noodles for
off I mean you got to get some stuff up
you ever did it you want to we want to
show me I will show you the sampler
right now all the legs you got to do
this every day before you start to squat
down with me
squat slow and you just hold it like
this and if you can't hold it for a
minute that proves that you're not a
noodle noodle legs silly you can't let
it hot to the gym without a shirt but a
question do you train the chicken legs I
see the bigger table legs at IKEA
yeah now we're just filming a video
without we're gonna get you but you knew
me
seriously got some major balls amazing
okay how many times do you take it up
the butt
none okay let me see you do you mind if
I do a little squeeze so you ready for
lecture aning yeah come on real be
lecturing it right huh very something
awesome other shit you come about real I
just thought you were hot so what's up
what's your number
what is that I'm a curb shooter so we
match for each other we're just shooting
a prank I think you knew it but you knew
it you need a card no but this is for
your legs they look like disaster they
look like your legs look like disaster
huh well I want to shine your legs
because if you want to get serious only
train winners not losers so you got to
train your legs your upper body's okay
but the legs are 12 year old
but I'm trying to say your legs are
small okay so looks like you need help
there's guys this guy there's guys
without legs don't live in the world in
the streets and then you don't put them
to use
it's free are you sure you guys gonna
train legs because that was the smallest
thing I ever seen in my life
IKEA table is good are you sure wow look
at my calves listen I'm a best trainer
in town with the legs you think it's
funny it's pathetic for you to walk
around with those legs
you shake okay let's do it let's go go
take the keys he's smart he's covering
his legs and you showing it to the whole
world that's why that's why you wonder
why you don't get laid because of your
legs oh that's your boyfriend take a
picture of your legs how did you know
yeah why is that why is that Holmes you
got a guest dude I mean give me 10
squats right now no they gave me 10
squats right now I just want to see what
kind of form you got I want ya to give
me 10 squats right now real quick
Vitaliy
nice to meet you say cook 10 10 squats
yeah I want to know your form
okay do 10 do 10 like that and I'll tell
you
feels good squatting on that car huh no
you're funny bro I'm just here to help
you look great you look great Sexy's
legs I've ever seen all week why are you
so negative you've got to be positive
and light brother yeah we're just
getting around you're on camera we're
filming a prank yeah yeah all right guys
so we've been standing outside of this
gym for about literally five or six
hours I don't know if you can see the
Sun setting down we're just getting this
just getting these reactions trying like
look at this guy what's up dude you're
walking around and checking yourself on
the mirror but you just keep the leg day
that's every serious question you work
out your legs no why not Wow really
that's dope dude well who am I talking
to from abroad Cass you took it to my
mom hi ma'am there's a beautiful man
right here Hart Thanks where you from
plus you are going to the gym wait so
you're going to the gym yeah this
motherfuckers going to the gym so I'll
get a cigarette but why you're gonna
work out like this
I decided have just one outfit I gave
everything else out that's why I
invested some money in my office I'm
still working good for you dude well you
better change those legs I mean you look
like a skinny prostitute
dude no oh my God look at this he's like
oh yeah let me finish this cigarette
hold miscanti proxy - look at me I'm so
fresh
yeah boom boom yeah I'm a rock star I'm
skinny I'm ready my pre-workout is
kicking in oh yeah I'm going to the gym
look at my legs he called me skinny I
don't think they're dead skinny one more
puffs for my legs oh look at me I'm the
fucking King boom boom boom boom and I'm
going to the gym he's actually going to
the gym what's up Lance Armstrong we're
gonna find out why you'd only train your
upper body but not your legs huh
not necessarily last time I checked you
call 1-800 chicken legs you got to start
working on your legs papa or I could
train you
yeah are you sure about that you have
bigger calves than me let's step it up
step it up let show me I'm sick and
tired of people going to the gym like
they own it but they really don't work
out you skip leg days because you don't
want to be sore and walk like this I'm
sorry to hear about that I hear excuses
all the time okay
shit maybe I need to start doing like
that need some help with your legs
they're too small yeah yeah you don't
give a shit so it's okay for you to walk
around because a lot of guys look a lot
of girls like big legs so really it's
okay not really no I just want to train
your legs just give me a chance
yeah so why you feel good what do you
feel good about
that's what respect means thank you
that's nice but now my but my point is
fifty years old yeah yeah fifty years or
twenty five half if I stop walking my
legs and everything I might get injured
cuz I'm 50 years old yeah I don't have
the power that I used to have when I was
yeah right thirty yeah but what about
Arnold you don't think is just excuses
are no use a lot of shit you know all
the big motherfucker that you have yeah
I mean it's not an option muscle yeah
not okay
maybe you somebody else you know have
the data hurry call it that
we came to develop mushroom and grow
muscle my biceps calling he says it's
right he says you're right
my bicep did call yeah good shit man
well I'm glad I like you ready to stay
positive thank you all right guys thank
you so much for watching this video
please give it a thumbs up and like I
said 50,000 likes I'm doing d even left
part 3 bodybuilders edition that's right
I'm gonna do it hardcore crazy get ready
for it because it's gonna be lit and
also turn your post notifications on so
you don't miss another video thank you
so much for watching I love you
and I'll see you next time Leslie Daniel
