what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another new video today
I'm a ridiculous ticket guy on streets
of Hollywood I'm gonna fuck around with
some people and walk up to them be like
you're getting a ticket but really it's
$10 in an envelope also YouTube doesn't
want to send my videos to my subscribers
anymore well don't forget to turn post
notifications on so you don't miss a
video from me ever again
also make sure you watch the video till
the end because I have a very important
announcement that you don't want to miss
enjoy the video oh that's crazy look at
that look at that nail Naja I actually
just got you out because your your tag
is expired you getting a ticket yeah
you're getting a ticket for 65 bucks you
got a nice tats 65 65 bucks or or we do
have any porn you decide what happened
bro let me I'm gonna kick you up more
yeah with my cum shot you crazy
alright 65 bucks why are you in a good
mood you got laid huh what you got a 9
inch sure enjoy your 10 bucks bro you
got pranked
yeah that's right kind of drugs you're
on we you weed yeah weed is good huh
look your cock is sticking out there
good yeah what's good huh can I help you
it's a fatty
fatty fat ticket fat sick wine re-wrote
it yeah 100 pushups I know maybe we'll
let you go
what's up oh it's only 65 bucks it's
okay it's Gucci
our ticket yeah I already wrote it yeah
yeah Batali what's up
what no I am I'm a ridiculous ticket guy
yeah I just walk around it jerk off in
Russia
you got stress yeah well you got bring
their sandbox enjoy your day
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah that's 10
bucks food yeah enjoy that's the least I
can do right for having a mini heart
attack for you right now you know what
I'm just gonna write you a ticket you
talk too much
expiry castration you have a sticker
here that's what I mean yeah this is 65
bucks is that are good what's up
it is negotiable what are you doing
tonight you gotta take get you got it
take get I already wrote your ticket
what's up yeah exactly you're in the
fall you can't be on the phone but look
at this look look look at this expired
registration everything it's crazy the
tire has a screw you're on the phone
what are you doing you can't just be
doing this type of stuff hi I'm Italian
nice to meet you you're cute what gonna
have your number no I just I'm getting
$3 an hour for this shit I'm tired of
making people a bad day like I just want
you to have fun I'm sorry my boss is
watching me I'm really sorry about this
hos the owner of this car you guys got a
ticket by the way he's sitting in your
house the ticket you guys got a ticket
what's up what's up Bobby bro you good
it's 65 bucks
I came here to give your mom a ticket no
I can't hurt someone to give her a
ticket
she has to get a ticket really can I get
your mom's number watched it 16 times
but it was horrible
why would you watch it somebody oh thank
you so much dear that means a lot man
thank you so much there she is
there's my little chocolate here you go
yup our prank thing here you go
open up the envelope it's for you ten
bucks enjoy yeah for just being cute in
black yo guys thank you so much for
watching the video and if you made it to
the end
I got a limited time gift for you so
listen up me and my boy Jesse who is a
well-known youtuber from simple pickup
that has 2.7 million subscribers 500
million views he has multiple channels
that's a multi-million dollar business
he made a free online course that's
gonna teach you how to become a
successful youtuber this stuff you're
not gonna find anywhere else and you
know what the best part about it is all
the difficult hard shit is gonna be
broken down for you step-by-step so you
know why he's doing that because he
wants to teach people how to break free
from nine-to-five bullshit jobs and
teach people how to become successful
youtubers and influencers like us this
course is gonna teach you how to set up
a platform channel idea fan base
everything you need to know to make an
online business successful in YouTube if
you ever really really really considered
become a youtuber you need to watch this
and why am I saying this because I'm
getting so many messages from you Vitaly
how do you build a channel Vitaly can I
help can you give me a promotion
just watch this it will teach you
everything you need to know so listen
stop whatever the hell are you right now
click the link in the description enter
your email and you will get notified as
the course videos released this week I
really want you guys to jump in this and
follow your passion if you want to be
able to pay rent have nice cars travel
the world and retire in four years we're
giving you this fucking course for free
I mean like just click the link in the
description below and it will teach you
everything stop trying and failing can't
stress enough how valuable this
information is you know what it's not
everybody it's for the people that
actually want it so if you want it he
would be fucking crazy not to check out
that link and up on my fucking ran click
the link down below while you still can
and sign up and impress me and maybe we
can do a collab thank you guys so much
for watching I love you if you think
it's bullshit ha but if you watched it
and actually gonna click it you will see
for yourself
