what's up villains thank you for coming
back to watch another video this video
is a little bit different with what I
usually upload this is my trip to Bali
Switzerland and Greece and I hope you
enjoy my amazing adventure
what out villains just before I start
this video I want to say thank you for
all the awesome feedback on the Russian
hitmen video all the positive comments
thank you I miss you guys I claim the
reason why I was gone and if you're
wondering where I'm at right now and
what kind of video this is this is my
trip to Bali that's right the day of the
Hitmen video uploaded a flew to Bali for
work slash vacation and I wanted to
share my experience with you so here we
go this is where I'm staying this is the
villa I'm staying at and yes I'm gonna
bring you throughout the whole trip with
me for people that actually care I want
to see this dope experience check this
out guys were staying in the middle of
the jungle that's right in the middle of
nowhere
we got a random pussy laying around yeah
you guys ready for my room you ready
oh boy look at this this is insane I
have never seen anything like this in my
entire life
check this out massage table look at the
bathroom and look at this bedroom wow
I've never been in anything like this in
my life it's a private pool over there
this is the bathroom the best tub yo
check this courtyard I don't know what
it's called
we got the dope forest we're literally
in the middle of forest and we got a
random black guy Hey Oh and then we got
ready to Mario circus anymore I should
have just pushed this I saw your phone
it was over there guys I don't know if
you remember Mario Mario was all my
vlogging Egypt crazy telling guy what
Mac yo Mario we flew to Egypt for one
big reason that we couldn't do but I'm
flying back to Egypt to do it and what
do you think about that if I get if I
get shut down by Egyptian army or get
arrested sorry guys this is the witness
that I'm telling you guys this now dude
this is crazy that I'm sharing this vlog
on my main channel I'm just gonna have
to show him this Bali trip you think I
should show him this bottle show up on
the main channel Egypt no oh but you
know what I got a big mouth I'm gonna
share that's why I got caught for the
Superbowl right because if we get a
hundred thousand retweets in 24 hours
let's trick the Superbowl and I got one
hundred thousand retweets and guess what
happened nothing I got carried by the
FBI
we're in a mug shot right now
so I can never come back to Levi's
stadium whatever would you so deeply
into that something from updates
protecting you folder sure they've done
got our dinner table we got our staff
this guy's demand what's up hello how
are you
hello what's up what's up what's up
what's up you're amazing this guy's
amazing
we got another guy whoa and we got the
kitchen oh we got amazing cooks how are
you nice to meet you hello we got our
stop guard Adam you know we got a star
guard and what up how are you baby do
you make use okay y'all gonna make love
to me how are you the nicest guys in the
world thank you thank you how are you
fine thank you you later to next time ya
know this is only big you know the
beginning we say what's up villains
what's up villains we will have failing
villains villains
what's up villains let's have villains
fuck the haters hey fuck the haters back
to Harris back to Harris
yeah fuck the haters yeah hey now those
guys are amazing how are you a garden
how are you guys amazing thank you very
much
these guys are amazing man these guys
literally don't even have iPhones they
still have the little Nokia phones
that's crazy you got appreciate what you
got in your life you know because look
in the middle of the forest honestly
it's a nice way to escape from LA time
to say goodbye to this villa next Champa
time to say hello to the new Villa and
also nice thing about it is look they
greeting us to say good bye bye bye yo
fucking late again I'm not late it's the
Bali roads bro at least tell me you
stripped in bro he's trapped know how
safer those I don't want to let end up I
don't want to end up a lively girl yeah
yo J what up what up boy what I don't
think this looks really safe what are
you doing but in America would get it
shut it down but you know we're in Bali
we don't care we're working baby look at
you look at the team we're working baby
yeah what's up bag one why are you
hiding over there caramel yeah you know
what I noticed just guys look at this
net look at this net this is to protect
you if you fall yeah six square footage
over there what are we working by 4x4
Wow you swing out there not over here so
if you eat shit I would think he was
full of it there or here but I like to
have for a for the effort a for the
effort I like it yeah yes you I see you
oh let's do this all right let's do this
let's swing away ready I think so I need
to hold it I don't need to hold three
ropes yeah they won't let me go to the
camera you know maybe it's good food -
it's okay
we got them that right we're safe we got
the net
everybody awesome why didn't it snap off
it would have went more viral and more
mr. girls used to concentrate Oh little
bit of CDs yeah yeah I don't know I
can't strap her in oh my god I just hold
her for so long it's been like 20
minutes what pretend was strapping you
in but we're really not hi guys so a lot
of people are gonna be wandering
fatality how do you get like two girls
like this in your shot how cuz my sucks
game on point that's right this I lost
my baggage like nothing in you I've been
wearing the same clothes out how long
five days two days to fly super mother I
told everyone you're watching but they
really crusty our next village three
hours away so it decided to save the
helicopter
whoa welcome to our next Villa goddamn
is beautiful my bag arrived after they
got lost for five days after wear the
same clothes for five days loci they
didn't watched all the girls they did
this is my room are you serious right
now what an escape am I really gonna be
waking up every morning to this alright
so we just got to the rice paddies yeah
Tim how you doing you your natural
habitat right look at this view it's
about 6:30 in the morning right now and
we are just getting the day started
welcome to Bali people stop close
nothing stopping a villain let's go
so let's explain what happened right
here dedication to get good footage man
go out of your comfort zone I'll go
Gigi's not anymore 7.0 a new addition
make sure you're buying go out now so
last time I was in Bali was three years
ago and I did not get a chance to come
to this beautiful rice paddies this is
just beautiful yeah I said Tim explain
where we are why'd you do this for this
little village this is pool number 16
for my charity I named it after my
second millionaire student this is with
Diwali changers projects who built this
to say thank you to yes so you open a
school year huh we open the school year
congratulations thank you
this is the guy this is the guy so right
now we're basically how do we know
somewhere in Bali in a little village
and to open up the school for the whole
charity event where we're in Bali with
disability did you're cool about
school wasn't all five - you can be its
budget understood alright guys if you're
wondering where we add some open up at
35th school this is insane crazy we're
in the middle of Bali a little village
in Bali look at these little fishes kids
and it came to support the great what's
up sorry
so that was my Bali trip I hoped you
guys enjoyed on to the next trip
Switzerland my friend calls me and says
yo why don't you come out and skydive
with professional skydivers and I'm like
I'm not a professional skydiver he's
like it doesn't matter she's like come
out hang out enjoy and visit beautiful
Switzerland so I was like I'm coming and
this is my spiritual a trip I'm in
Switzerland don't ask me how I got here
your training buses taxis more trains
I'm in the middle of Switzerland in the
middle of the Alps it's absolutely
stunning in here and I'm here for an
adventure I'm gonna share this adventure
with you guys I'm here with the best
best skydivers in the world and I
decided to jump with them so stay tuned
because shit about to get lit by the way
I just wanted to say thank you for all
the Russian hitmen law thank you for all
the love of my new video thank you for
all the support comments thank you thank
you I'm glad I got this off my chest and
now I'm here for an adventure and I'm
gonna share this adventure with you I'm
here with my bro shady what up shady
thanks for inviting me here at Shareef
what up from Dubai my Dubai bodies and
what we're gonna do today tell them they
in for a treat out of two perfectly
functioning airplanes thank you so much
for inviting me here I told them it's
gonna be a little different video than
the pranks so hope they enjoy it and
we're living life baby it has a prank of
its own
yeah that your parachute is not going to
open yeah check this out how sick is
this car look at this I need to get a
car like this in LA
this Red Bull truck and saying and they
just laid skydiving videos all day here
I don't know if you can see you can't
really tell it's too sunny I have play
music and this is just the chill vibe
all right guys so it's about to be
sunset I'm gonna show you how to get up
see a lot of people thinking skydiving
and the only thing about accidents but
don't understand the skydiving is life
it's stress free and shady will tell you
more kind of is a way of living
absolutely and fear that's something you
guys create here I was terrified and now
I'm addicted having a privilege to jump
in Switzerland after I got my a license
there's a huge honor look at the drop
zone guys it's just absolutely amazing
these are emergency handles let's say if
my bear should go for a bid doesn't open
or something happens to it I'll pull
this and then that the attaches that
canopy and this one will deflate my
emergency two parachutes inflate the
emergency me what did I say deflate I'm
rushing today you know but and this I'm
doing this so the shirt doesn't go over
my emergency handles I can't explain
this and there's also a mountain jump I
need 100 jumps for that and only have 55
jumps that's right there you just fly
through the trees fast crazy feels so
blessed to be here share this experience
with me going on my load right now and a
lot of people wondering Oh skydiving is
a danger is the only thing about
negative stuff accidents and stuff but
guess what skydiving is a way to live
life
and just enjoy and stress-free I had so
much stress in my life I started
skydiving he's basically telling you
don't walk across because we got crazy
guys coming in hot
look how hot they coming in
look at it look at it
whatever you
Oh what the fuck is wrong with this guy
they always tried to they always tried
to - me I can work harder yes the latter
so Rick is not shifting what's happening
to tell you he had to ruin the video wow
they just make it a nice and tight
where's my
I think it was completely
our legs go through stuff off
so I'm here skydiving guess we can the
villains you guys how'd you guys know
where I was
snapchat yeah snapchat oh thanks for
coming dude we're in the middle of
nowhere right you know but what town is
this hum buddy we're in the middle of
Umbria Switzerland it's beautiful here
my first and that last time for sure
alright guys so if you're wondering who
does all the filming for me is this guy
yeah has the best in the world I say
before I came here I looked you up shady
told me about you I looked you up you
got something same work pictures you
guys all watching this I'm wondering who
film it this guy how many jumps you got
14,000 how do you describe skydiving for
yourself insane and for the viewers
everything
thanks for everything seriously put it
down thank you thank you alright it's
that time of the day it's done thanks
for having me man gravity so this
happens every year you're the owner of
this event yes sir the it isn't insane I
got my license two weeks ago and I'm
jumping to asila I'm just so blessed and
thanks for having me here thank you
being part of it and if anybody's
watching all jokes aside this drop zone
is insane I thought Dubai was good but
this is the most iconic you ever
peaceful so I'll get shot when the
camera turns on now
haha thanks bro thank you so much and
then I went to Moscow to make my visa
Schengen visa guess what guys I can go
anywhere in Europe now any time for
three years I got the sketchy-ass visa I
yep babe cash got the visa welcome to
Russia thank you
so then I met this beautiful girl and we
decided to fly to Greece together to
Mykonos and guess what this is our trip
it's short I didn't vlog much by at an
amazing time but I want to share with
you our beautiful sunset
all right so d2e mikonos with this
little cutie what's up little cutie feel
like I'm escape from the world just like
when you live in LA so much stress right
now my stress level is zero higher
ladies and gentlemen if you have a view
like this you need a photo shoot all
right guys so check out our sunset Amica
nose holy crap wow it's amazing but you
know it's funny I don't know who's more
beautiful you or the sunset it's hard to
tell alone you look great so if
everyone's wondering how I've invited
this beautiful Russian little girl here
I just said hey I'm going to Mykonos and
she was like oh I'm gonna fly myself out
I didn't even buy her a ticket can you
guys believe that that she bought her
own ticket and she came out to see me
wow that's so that's the hottest thing
I've ever seen in my life yeah that that
never there that right there she's so
hot all right guys just got to the port
and now we're headed to Phoenix oh this
is the little coast this is the town of
Mykonos like town of Mykonos I don't
know it's called the town so basically
it's the strip we have to walk all the
way over there and there's all the
restaurants all the clubs and hopefully
it's not that windy by the way guys I
have the little microphone protectors so
I don't know how we needs gonna be but
it's been super windy and mica and I was
like I'm talking about high winds and I
heard it's only gets worse and worse all
right guys so we just got to the city
and check this out it's nice and quiet
it's not as windy
the winds here are freakin insane but I
completely mikonos known for 20 figure
all the little shops
it's nice look would you live here save
confidently hi guys which other next
time we're coming here for three months
and I might take you with me
you behave okay alright that's what I
was there alright guys thank you so much
for watching this video if you enjoyed
it and made it to the end please give it
a big thumbs up comment your favorite
part of this video and I'll see you guys
next time
actually I think I'm gonna see you
tomorrow don't believe me watch
that's me Daniel
