what's up villains thanks for coming
back to watch another video I just want
to say thank you for the Russian hitman
feedback on my last video thank you for
all your support and I've been getting a
lot of requests a lot of requests Vitaly
what you do do is how to pick up girls
like back in the day back in the day
that was 5 years ago so you know what I
decided to go to Venice Beach California
today and see how many numbers I can get
also my boy Jesse from prank vs. prank
lives there and haven't seen him in ages
let's give him a call
yeah yeah my boy wow you actually
answered huh I haven't seen you in a
while I'm headed to Venice Beach are you
coming tomorrow
I'm coming to your hood and I am going
to fill my old school video how to pick
up girls in Venice Beach a lot of people
been asking me I haven't done it in five
years so I'm gonna go ahead and do it
you know what I'm challenging you get
them all day you can get phone numbers
but I want to see how many you can get
in one hour
in one hour one hour son I think I can
get in one hour I think and get ten
numbers or maybe me know what yeah way
all right deal deal deal ten numbers in
one hour I'll see you then it's peace
you got a spider in here oh yeah that's
right there right here I have to tell
you something they called me they called
me they call me gay they called me fake
they called me cancer what do I do about
that
why just say fuck it you know what they
say right
the bigger the oh the bigger the hoe so
be careful the bigger the oh the bigger
the hole oh I'm kidding hi my name is
Nutella I'm sorry if I'm interrupting
your day gonna attend with you guys yeah
what my clothes you want to see me naked
really I got a small cock but I'll do
why you so quiet
what are you drinking over there what's
up with you are you no are you guys that
chocolate melting your caramel do
chuckles melting
what's up with me I don't know you tell
me something we're banging tonight or
what yeah no I'm not America don't
disrespect me every only
rushon yeah I'm on your side of the
world you got a spider on you it's
behind your back Mike I'm out
Thanks how are you what's your name huh
Maddy Maddy
Vitaliy yeah
how are you sir I'm not gonna steal it
what's inside dildos and condoms I'm
because I'm into freaky shit yeah yeah
I'm a magician I want to show you a
trick magic trick you ready okay so put
your number in my phone
all right thanks that was easy
bye I made a new sex position it's not
69 it's 109 you did really yeah we
should do it tonight but long story
short I want to hang out with you guys
tonight I want to take all three of you
out with my friends and have a good time
you guys want to give me a number
don't worry I won't rape just a surprise
sex there's there's there's a big
difference
there put your number what do you want
me to reassure that I'm gonna eat your
booty it's okay I wanna do it
it's so gay Instagram really can't even
give me your number this is what happens
these days right you scared that I'm on
at ecstasy like old over again you know
what I'm gonna make you gel it's gonna
have your number yeah yeah in my
basement you got pretty eyes gonna suck
on them
you're gonna second my eye yeah it was
good yeah what's the make out with you
we should go back to your apartment or
something really sorry I slid into DM
but not really slipped through the grass
what are you reading
I just have sex 101 are you from me too
Catherine can we get photos kid I see
calculus of would Katja vitaly so do you
speak English yeah some bit of I'm a
little bit of retard and I don't know
what to do I don't have any friends and
they told me if I don't pick up a girl
today I'm gonna get beheaded and I I did
not want to get beheaded I'm just
basically saying on a fox but yeah yeah
we'll forget your name
seven one six three four huh so yeah
are you not collecting change what are
you doing won't break can I have your
banana
can we eat together why you still
wearing white so closed off you think
I'm just coming here to pick you up and
get your number and stuff about me
actually I'm doing that but while you're
still not outgoing and being lovely and
being nice I'm bothering you because
we're eating really ok I'll leave you
alone can I be number
why not
I'm not cute enough BAM all right well -
wine really is not you just DTF
really yeah what's wrong with you yeah
yeah you just like you don't get enough
cock in your life
I get cock like pretty often really yeah
interesting so yeah very so my god
this water is full are you good at doing
laundry
can you I ran right where you from check
I was just in Prague yeah do you mean
any beautiful girls and not about you
but uh what's your name you're so pretty
that I forgot the name but are you sure
you're not cold I actually do have a big
penis yeah for me to know for you to
find out this is crazy I actually came
to pick up girls but I don't think I'm
just gonna cut it right here yeah we're
just cut it right here no but I'm gonna
take you it with me yeah all right let's
go
so you want to fuck alright you fam kid
you got to prove it to me only if you
kiss me pop kiss oh so you're already
down to fuck alright let's go these boys
we're cutting this video short did you
know her filming she's like this is my
friend Maddy yeah fuck I got so excited
I'm like alright that was easy
you know it's normal for girls to be
like there's girls like that are you
fucking gone the year
what happened work week I met up with
Matty in Venice another gilmore friend
Batali's picking up chicks on the
boardwalk you should just go over to
Abby Superbowl they're like really buff
no I got four numbers in an hour I love
a challenge now I gotta go gonna get
your number are you so beautiful and so
nice
my heart hurts here yeah yeah yeah
without Russian but other Varia I go to
school I get straight A's I got a degree
in surgery in the science and I'm an
astronaut austria surgeon you know when
you check vagina Julia and then I lost
the bet so I have to go skinny-dipping
alright guys thank you so much for
watching this video please give it a big
thumbs up Jessi came out he pranked me
he did it good I thought your boys
getting laid but he didn't anyways let
me know if you want more content like
this I'll see you later
Danya
