nothing
you
you got nobody
10k oh my god yeah I need you to kill
somebody for me I need you to kill
somebody because I'm making myself nine
you can stick to 2006 I did two years
for what so won't be your first time is
that your man yeah I'm trying to offer
him I'm trying to offer him 100k to kill
somebody you want this yeah it is real
but I just need you to kill somebody for
me
what's up somebody wants me a couple
million dollars I always you see if you
have a gun just give it to me and I'll
do it
really but at the be dance we didn't
wanna yeah we're gonna have to work for
it I got okay I got OJ's lawyer you'll
be good oh you find a second somewhere
around here hi baby girl you see the
money yeah she does yeah what do you got
huh honey you got this 20 K I'm trying
to give it to you why would one favor
can you kill somebody for me not I need
you to kill somebody for me oh no I
can't do that
why are you serious yes I need you to
give them a hatch I'll give you a gun
and you kill them and you go about your
ticket to Colombia whatever you want
sent your pay you got it
you have to kill somebody for me killin
G I'm flying
oh it's a crime yeah $20,000 Oh before I
call cap get Steve another workout
Michael Knight come on really
yeah so giving this look cool don't you
know buddy don't you nobody nobody know
what should I do
no no no no forgive me forgive him yeah
she owes me a couple million dollars
doesn't matter of a song chemo buddy
really yeah
money you can get but in life you can
get
your idea of you to someone then he came
back to that that person can come back
to life no if she dies I should wake him
up tomorrow and go away so now you don't
think this would you don't kiss in it
even if you if you give them okay
don't you know that you're right okay
money money it's nothing more let me but
don't nobody see even if you pick me to
be vidiian down even if you give me
billion dollar I don't come over for
billions if any minute
I don't kill nobody Christine is crime
and we are never forgiving so you are
younger you have a you got a good future
oh I'll be smoking nobody that's what
I'm telling generate them no no don't do
nothing
have you guys killed somebody before me
huh your skill system is a plus because
I mean I'm going to give somebody 20k
we're going to murder somebody for me
I'm serious what do you want this
although we'll pinch I'll remove a 920
picture it's more you'll put a bullet
somebody how you gonna prove it to me
you going to send me a picture no I can
prove it to you live in fear anymore
fucking briefly come about my minute for
the same game shit
he already bought all these dogs if he's
on parole
why are you so silly you're thinking
about it
that's real I'm not a cop why would I
just walk up doing good I'll smoke once
with you know top smoke with me every
day when you talk about I've been live
in a world like Hollywood for the
biggest time something yellow thing
under the Sun 10480 movie 7 we can you
look at me bro bro the game is the
secret we all know why you cock-blocking
your friends no because I would be a
shit in a section you want to split it
you want another stop
next stop talking target however you
know the pro know that the only
legitimate has to a screen everything in
the bag but I see the eyes in a very
small person and I know that you would
never very crazy to do that and then
somebody was going to be a fucking
million dollars√≠ should be watching us
from the far away I'm on a bracelet
right now from prison I don't play games
like that
I look at Michigan I don't know you from
a fan of Fame
I would bridge the bracelet off my leg
over $2,000 I was there in thousand
excuse me bro yo would you kill somebody
right now I need somebody put it on
somebody I'm not really good at why
they're interesting is you know really
yeah and what I'm interested not
interested up for nothing well for
object a that's for a million huh I
don't kill people familiar at all right
for how much but nothing bro so does
your soul soul as a soul yeah you can't
take a stroke for someone but the guy
who owns me a lot of money Melo
so can you get on
the boxing you know touching him to
gravity
I'm saying trying to talk to him solid
be cool so everything can arrange I'm
saying killing a lot an answer is no
point to point some morning trying to
get him some money so I could look to
someone and what you do that I'm a bad
person right now
not bad person you're not oppressing
just cool you know I just feel your
energy to cook
so hanging are you doing I need you to
take somebody out for me for 20 J hmm
serious what you see watch for your
money only pay yeah
can you kill some how do you kill
somebody before once the money dead is
20 K when you see a 20k large you have
enough in these you
yo attorney dude
Jena Wright jump in holy shit dude I'm
such a big fan man I've seen all of your
videos I think I'm just asking you how
how are honest Thank You Man I don't
know where your accent from Nigeria the
club where or like I'm from England
Oh England is your City huh I'm a huge
fan probably a biggest battle fella fuck
up we hurry please monitor sir I'm I'm
sorry I'm having a bad day I'm really
having a bad day I shouldn't talk to my
fans like that thank you for watching my
videos thank you for everything but then
just don't fucking I mean I'm so sorry I
mean I didn't have any bad day I'm sorry
but anybody I can help I'm gonna take
out somebody you know if it wasn't
rushed I would get my hands dirty but
this is America
somebody's gonna do for me I understand
yeah and obviously you can't help him so
shut the fuck up well actually
yo what are you doing we call the cops
hey Demetri
I've got a client alright see you in 30
minutes what dogs
yeah yeah yes I'll call you I promise
yes 33 minutes
no fucking way you really are get hit
yes
rushing hitman I need you to take
somebody out from it no problem that's
it
yes mr. vataj I know who you are I think
it movie all over the Netflix you You
Know Who I am
yes I'm a big fan actually but the
question is why you haven't been
uploading in so long how would you feel
working for two years in the movie put
in your heart your soul injury and I get
me a fucking dime huh you sound like a
little whiny baby like the others what
happened to your balls what happened to
my fucking balls I've been on probation
for two years I've been in jail for all
the prints and stuff they did not like
these other bitches enough I will end
this person forward then come to me well
you have to promise me one thing
once I'm done you've got to start not
giving us fuck again I will how much for
the contract ten million dollars I don't
want your money
I don't want nothing from you I want to
see your ten million subscribers now go
I worked with you yeah he's right here
yes I see him it'll call me yes here's
the Jordans ah yes what is his money
what mine
what is his money what money yes he's
here make sure the fuck away from the
second down now
what are you talking about no money
where is this money you stole these are
these money
I'll never stole anybody's money are you
sure you want to go to jail how I'm
going to go to jail you want to go to
jail I'm a hit man who's he talking
about a married man
well you better shoot me right now Dean
yes I found them yes yes yeah he has a
beard blue jeans then yes it's him
correct
excuse me a doubt yes the team puts her
name
why you all somebody money a couple
million dollars
yes
yes seize him I think he's gonna
snapchat me right now and I am how much
I owe you three million dollars I owe
you not me my partner who hired me to
assassinate checkdown comment about I
will remain I don't so hop on me bro
there is something funny yeah very funny
this is going to turn it into a bloody
snapchats what you thought he was going
to sign it so you know I get to fuck out
my face
lady snapchat that nigger what's up yes
he has blue jeans on she's on the phone
right now
yes
yeah the cigarette me his hand yes
that's him without him
shit should I step in okay good
yes yeah bye we finally found you set up
there looking for you for three weeks
why what I'm back on the future my name
is Russian hitman Anna you're somebody a
lot of money are you ready to give up
the money I don't have
you stole two million dollars I'd not
have plain dollars I didn't I don't want
their money well I owe somebody money I
do not owe anybody money are you sure
about that I'm positive
mmm-hmm does battalion your name no
battalion your name no okay count from
ten to one no then I'm not gonna do
anything it's not me I don't know what
you're asking for but it's not me can I
have a cigarette
this one how many do you have left
I feel how many is a few I don't know
like the pack have bag on that here you
go here you go now stop it
she's on her phone yes
yes
hello we finally found you yes amazing
this is something we usually yes you
hear how much they are asking how much
on the other line right
how much as you yes
or you guys magic trick magic trick okay
stick my glove inside of you
oh wow it's so sexual yes not really
yes she finally walking in yes she's
working yes
yes yep yep shared the paper bag water
bottle camo shirt here TV I'm very
serious
even though I'm not touching you for
what I want I want the money they owe
what money the money your two million
dollars
I'm not playing come on Estelle's
headphones on she's listening to music
this guy's no fucking way yes there are
no pictures
do you know who I am do I know who you
are you know who I am in the rest of
hitman are you sure I'm pretty positive
are you not yes I'm on the mission your
combination you're not the guy right I
might be the guy you're not the guy last
time I checked he was an Asian thank you
yes okay huh what would I do
do you remember what you did last summer
last summer yes I'm not from here yeah
it doesn't matter where you're from
absolutely see you use me I salute you
see you now enjoy your blonde because
this might be your last Blanca yep say
goodbye to sunshine
I have an efficient white male
Antichrist g'morning
suspect Lucky's gone frame 14 suspects
of brown frame
Dimitri sir your target grabs through
the diamonds in argument area well
remember you okay the Hitman Oh Russian
hitman Russia Russian hitman yes the
movie that's this is the movie when
people see I think you remember me from
killing the other guy the other day
you don't remember no you only would
bill a or bill the name is Bill what my
name is your face look familiar
you said beard okay Carl you know what
you know what I don't think people are
looking at you a robber to yourself or
if you could kill them
Plus what what what that's for you
the guy only inside three million
dollars you're not the guy guy oh you
thirty three million three million
dollars the only three million dollar
yes
and I'm got a whole three days they look
like him that kind of that kind of that
color stuff right here you get people
hurt
yeah well fucker you need to fucking not
help you something okay I'm okay that's
that's not real is it
all right listen listen I was going to
call him I've had some issues with the
bank there's there's been like a problem
with the rallying numbers and there was
a holiday and I tried to get them on I'm
going to give him the money if you call
him calm
fucking calm Italian sighing it's got
bad please just don't fucking just kill
me
I'm sorry
that was pretty funny I swear
compounding over you I'll put up for
everybody no don't let me tell you
you think
could you help please come on give it
excuse me please could you help me
please I don't know what to do with this
guy I need back to my apartment please
I'm sorry
I don't know what to do can you hear
could you please help me sir gee I
children yes by accident
I'm very sorry could you help me here
but this guy is dead yes you have a
little truth yes
shh don't tell the police please Jim how
did you
you killed him by accident yes but this
is my last am I going to jail I'm not
going to kill you he owes me three
million dollar cash how did this happen
gone done yes yes is this man still
alive I don't know would you like to
check how to check
so a lot polish maybe we can get into a
hospital
let's go get it back I'm sorry don't
tell the police okay I'll give you
$20,000 I'm not killing you oh hey hey
this man Hey sir it's okay
Hey okay leave him I'm going I'm gonna
duck I'm driving on leave it on please
I'm the police again the police gonna
come you can't leave this man in it
you open this open it no no no I mean
this truck now no sir open this truck
now
no man is dying I have to go I have to
go sorry sir kid kid you can't do that
there's a man in this truck open it up
open it up on this ride on this truck I
have to go I have to go there sir Sir
excuse me excuse me
open the truck don't call the police
please I will call the police open the
truck I'm not seriously hurt
find out how I don't know how to open
the trunk what I don't know how to open
the trunk
sure just said I'm a hitman awarded by
an hour I have to kill another person I
have to go
you
yes he's next
