what's up villain so today I'm doing
something different I haven't been home
in two weeks and who's the first person
I want to see my mom my mom thinks we're
going to Napa Valley to spend our mom's
done date together
drink a little wine little does she know
I'm taking her skydiving she's finally
back from Bulgaria and of course so I'm
going to see the first person my mom hi
mom what's up Bigelow good morning hey
good morning good night we're taking a
road trip to Napa Valley I'm taking our
personal wine-tasting I feel like I
haven't seen her in the wild so it's my
perfect chance to take her and spend the
day with my mom you're excited oh yeah
you're gonna get Jack I know it you've
been working out hard can't be getting
drunk okay just keep okay hi mom see we
were wondering why we're going in the
wrong direction
can you read that sign over there we're
going skydiving
you said mom you're joking mama how was
just like my life I don't want to take
more but then decide give it to someone
now okay I'm pretty here mom I love you
you're busted job knock you look like
okay stop the car you have to
cry yes Kassala
I want to just like I'm so sorry I love
you oh I got a different mom I got my
sentence I'm gonna have to be so pretty
to pleasing English me okay I'm uh I'm
more yeah I'm sorry
I like I took out my license and I think
you should do it mom and son will love
each other and we maybe we should hold
hands mama if you have a heart attack
you're gonna have a cute one like a
cupid you think I'm kidding episode
oh my god you'd won you're sick
I'm telling you you you you're sick
please man creature you can choose what
you should get my mom to the gate of so
sighs I should have solved that look you
have the snow you're gonna see the whole
world from the plane let's go so she
really thought we're gonna go to Napa
Valley to drink some wine she's a lady
what what what yeah what's up yeah let
me go Joe let's go guys
but let me calm you down
love you oh my you're getting quite sure
you love you're gonna have the best time
ever
you're gonna sky that you can it's so
good remember you told me one day you
wanted to do it I never told you never
yes you did you say your favorite hobby
is jumping on a plane you favorite
hobbies like like killing me son and
it's doing it Hannah's gonna be put on a
waiting list
you ready lingerie all depends of any
factors and fun was your videographer
looking hella fun step on my upon your
cool your eyes hey mom this is basically
filling out paperwork a bit there she
doesn't open you'll be fine what do you
mean I will be fine go yourself
I want to sign anything jolly I'm not
ready for so you have any medical
conditions
well let's ship maybe I have some card
there okay a lot pushin underneath her
kidney so good this one is mine just
like yours
yes yes yeah mom you ready no are you
okay the gag kid
you want a diamond cute but she's mama
mama and my good son I'm a great son
the best son ever healed this morning
and I'm having an anxiety I got you so
party are you so funny
we got you here mine any good
I'm going
your appearance
you can rock
you ready you ready for that more
importantly is he ready
listen to my word they ride together oh
my god oh my god oh how was it get out
of me get out of my face but did you
like it but here so now you jump you
happy to be alive I'm happy to be alive
that's it Oh admit it it was kind of the
instructors say you really passed out
the instructors said you passed out why
not in Harry when we landed where were
you like enjoying the view the good just
here a house from there I didn't see my
house but I saw you are you dead oh yeah
thank you so Miss Holly I'm like oh my
god yeah that's funny you are screaming
yeah screaming mom I I just saw the
orange dude I knew it was you well you
did it good job but this was a turn and
last time in my life well we just got
back to LA congratulations you did it
mom I'm very proud of you started to
putting you through hell all kind of not
really I feel like every time that a
years old
guys let me know if you enjoyed this
video please give it a big thumbs up
from my mom she's a champion and if you
guys want to see us do more crazy stuff
please comment below what do you want to
see we're definitely going shark diving
soon you know not yeah yeah and I'm
going to feed you and I'm gonna feed you
to the Sharks
mmm all right guys comment below what
else crazy ideas you want to see do mean
I'm a little my mom do what yeah okay
rats you gonna stop okay red friend you
would just jump that a plane I'm sure
you can handle me passing a red light
let's play a frog
haha
you
