yeah he's here
what's up you're the guy did selling
weed huh hah what's up like all these
bitches oh that's your body upwards yeah
they just came up instead of telling you
we'd come on other bikes what's up just
rest I'm waiting for my friends coming
on the bike you got the one person all
right can I check your BA hole
can you check my walk bot hole what's
that you know you say you're not selling
weed so why are you filming me I don't
know why you guys scream question
because it's my first day on the job I'm
trying to get fucking information why
we're going to be rude to each other sir
I just came here to give you a ticket
all right yeah what is this y'all 305 to
my city till I die yo yo
all right now I'm gonna get a ticket all
right spread it open
come on are you want me to kick your
blowhole
yes I'm fine can we dear yes all right
let me take my big cock pic check your
butthole off okay so you're not gonna
set my ticket sir I want the fucking
watch set my ball what that is are you
oh I'm gonna give you a ticket for
drinking coffee with Talia I don't know
who you're fucking is Robin Hood Jason
it's not often a man what house I guess
you those on Yankee house the wrong
skills
Sabra what's up you getting a ticket for
drinking the rolling a blunt I hope I
know your name what's up hold on though
your name no no no I'm gonna have to
give you a ticket
what what's up all right we got him here
yeah city 469 sees you what's up what's
up what's up bro you can't accept the
$25 ticket and we call it having a ball
blows my nigga I don't know who you are
right now yes you're fucking up my vibe
how am i fucking up you're right I'm
doing my fucking job while you smell is
small in your fucking oreganata
oh what's up with you leave me alone
okay come back in 25 minutes
yeah thank you all right yeah it's been
25 minutes welcome you right now bro
stop it's been 25 minutes
come thank you 25 minutes we've got
proper discussion are you trying to
fight me cuz all right now man I'm far
enough to spaz will you please come back
in 25 minutes is got actual disgusting
okay thank you yo real questions you
want to fuck you don't have fuck no real
maybe the puzzle ah yeah he's right here
you're drinking sir I'm gonna have to
give you a ticket for drinking look at
you huh SM aground the finger is it
mutual
I'll go haha no no cake a pass okay pass
okay radio
Corrado aati hai kiya kiya you know
bears who no one for him uno mas for you
to bowl of mutual mucho drunk oh happy
buddy
I'll give you 25 dos dos cuatro dollar
ticket in dark ticket no no no better
mama formula-fed always check the camera
right there the camera right there no
there are no coat the house I and then
I'll key the judge of boost and boom
back home yes young master Daniel
multicore don't lick or yeah no no no
fun
you ate a girl out on her period uh I
miss at all oh well then that's a
different story
have a good day sir for drinking
yeah they here to african-american men
not camera what right I didn't drop
nothing just $30 ticket bro I didn't
drop in everything whatever you doing
let's take look look at this look okay
so our peoples my father hands money was
all I knew was a frank question had no
Lincoln for you breaking oh you know my
daily my did is a more coming in here
your problem huh I'm gonna have to give
you a ticket okay I'm gonna have to give
you a ticket for what for outline of
having an outline of your dick showing
two little kids I don't understand very
well so you see a pee-pee right here you
see right here you see when you walk out
you die out line see mine is a little
bigger but you see what I mean your dick
is small basically what I'm trying to
say I am getting myself a raise I just
got dude rolling blood I am getting a
raise you're getting a ticket 50 bucks
huh yeah for rolling a blunt what let me
see the lawn all right I'm not gonna I'm
not gonna take it away from you one
second let me say no I'm not gonna bro
if you're cool with me and cool I hate
snitches and spring breaks make sure to
get stitches yeah they're here but it's
time for yeah we got the gah-ri yeah I
mean I'm gonna give him five seconds
until it come yeah do you guys want the
cops to come or no oh
yeah they're here 3y girls or poor girls
you know are really three go away where
we have one oh come on this is a no man
yeah there's no fatter gay driver
license but it's not the cops are gonna
come and arrest me it's like I'm
volunteering make my job easier why you
what are you drinking Jack and Coke it's
2:00 p.m. your little fucking slut huh
Jack yeah check this out
Jack gave eco jagiya coke
how about you do a line later with me
I'm gonna call it a night nah we're
gonna make this easier right now okay
your phone number okay yeah they're here
what's up you drinking and driving
you're getting a ticket and the concert
why yeah you're drinking and driving
right here yeah yeah they're coming
right now what's up what's up
are you drinking and driving you guys
going to get a ticket $25 ticket huh
just a $25 ticket for what not because
you have black first of all second of
all three people on the scooter
that's Indonesia we're in Miami right
now where you from Georgia which way
that way so
$25 you can do 20 Williams oh my since
black because you bother you I know
you're not driving like and y-yeah it
goes together
look look at this look at this look at
this look not said here's I'm figuring
see her looks
looking out looking up is Bessel you be
in business you're interrogating oh my
god and now we're happy warriors cookie
