what's up villains today I'm lighting
cars on fire but is just really water
let's see what kind of reaction you left
me for this you guys are going for fun
fuck bro you're gonna sleep with my
girlfriend like that who are you you
don't know me yeah stop what
Who am I I'm your worst nightmare are
you fucking speak a lot why would you
cheat on me with this fucking dude is
yes you do no not did you see those
gonna go how would you really yeah we
got you how about we kiss right now
smelly
well Mellie it's a prank there's a
camera right there dude call your the oh
honey
smell it y'all tell you guys I will fuck
you up its water
I don't even scare ya did you say what a
match then I think this thing happen
what up boys what you doing over here
huh yeah it's gonna hit it
yeah I'm just walking around just uh wow
that's some guy what about this guy you
like these guys I like your car but July
4th came early this year ha ha
what's up huh I'm gonna light your car
and fire on the car and get my manners
right what's up my car grab my dinner
tonight it's all talk people have a gun
just they take it out and shoot can you
shut up your car for a second why would
happen because you slept with my baby
mama and if you have the car on and I'm
going to turn it on we're gonna go bolt
together yeah
hey is this your car come here look
where'd you get it from you bought an
auction whoa
well that's my sister's old car so I'm
gonna like that shit on fire right huh
that's my sister that's when you bought
it from my sister
well you somebody stole it from my
sister where you have a lighter give me
a lighter bro okay doing I didn't focus
to those car watch this guy from a guy I
bought at a hostage are you sure yes bro
give me a lighter
let me see the paperwork why you hiding
drugs in here I had no choice Romi is my
car why you come out you come from me
are you from the hood No so why you talk
about you from the hood hey Laurie
Vanessa serve etske broccoli for my
fucking sister dude I tried it off the
side well I'm gonna take that shit back
give me the key give me the keys brother
hand now with this place what's your
problem and dark all right I give you
props because your half sizes are
smaller than me and you got balls and
you're entertaining camera prank show
that was water for filming this right
you know hey Steve yeah so look we're
gonna get my smile sighs water bro I
here's a car wash go yourself your car
wash uh my bad was awesome way to do
something
Why What are you what about summer hey
this is your car remember what you did
to me last summer what's up do you
remember what you did to me last summer
what you don't remember you remember you
fucking my sister you don't you remember
how you saying how you got money
Franklin hello you are where's the
lighter yeah you know I don't know you
are man I hope that's water god dammit
uh ha
I said you like this piece of shit of re
Bolivia's art oh yeah a little grass on
the door on you let's say waterless
showers let's shower so good I go back
in here let me shower you with it yeah
go ahead
yeah I bet you one do it where do it
when I melt that chocolate I use love
you for a long bend over let me eat that
ass
