what's up villains today I'm a douche
bag cop
I'm going to go up to strangers and ask
for their IDs and when they give me
their IDs I'm going to swap for a blank
one and I'm going to say this is
bullshit I don't like it it's my yours
it's not a real ID and cut it in half
let's see what reactions we'll get oh
yeah yeah let me see your fucking Eddie
what ha what let me see your ID let me
see your ID oh let me see your ID hold
on notice well we're doing a random ID
check nothing against you I ask like ah
yeah let me see your ID oh yeah oh yeah
sorry about that I'll be that a great
girl my god oh really oh yeah am I
really a ok this is amazing yeah ain't
no getting a rack on you are my gate not
gonna wrap up like a guy getting
arrested by cops okay all right well we
got bad news so fake ID no don't fake ID
it is no yes it is
this is that's not a fake ID sorry bro
no you got ID
yes I did noona classic how could you
thank you to show me what's up I got
that's in the whole department I got to
another and my eggs just told me y'all
bitch didn't you just said it glad
uh-huh look now about that's my real ID
I know now you don't have an ID okay so
I need to get a bag it's caught in half
No okay you want it more you want it
more okay y'all more of this shit
fuck your ID can't what am I on the
other leg you were grateful you were the
daughter cut your ID yeah I've got the
call to rabbit come on one one for real
saw wasn't for it will you believe me
kind of low-key like yeah am I just
Section C dekada Joe awesome
you keep walking back and forth what you
got in there you got a blonde over there
are you part of pledging to Isis today
are you joking
no I'm serious you're walking back and
flattening UQ it don't get me wrong I
have to stop you especially a lot of
black people in the street wonder what's
going on today I know you're joking
I'm not what I'm not joking because
you're nervous I can feel how nervous
you are your heart pounding in my chest
because the Valentine's Day is coming up
so what's up I'm taking a check here at
you real quick
I'm Jews no no I can't be giving you my
ID why not because I didn't do anything
you did something wrong you didn't give
me a number you're so like look at God
blue eyes I'm not talking like you just
thought it's just the LA thing about how
you guys like approach people in LA I'm
kidding I'm just playing around with you
but for real though yeah sorry low
ninety-nine yeah I'm sure T Oh me yeah
yeah let me sure to you you don't need
it okay
e sorry about that okay hey girl you
don't care oh oh come here you should
get away your ID back it's a video you
motherfucking lyin camera show
oh that's cute no Monica I just came
from the gym and you oh are you moaning
tonight is that how you gonna moan
tonight let me do that what okay good
come on I'm burnt off yeah sure it's a
YouTube show tonight is going to be a
pornhub show hi bro
yeah-hoo-hoo Gotti Gotti I want to
rescue him she ready real quick which
you're rolling a joint
I was about to dismiss that's cool bro
ancient weed is legal in California like
brother just want to check your real
quick I'm gonna have to cut your ID is
that okay huh how much cocaine you did
too huh I listen what you want to smoke
this together yeah it looks like you do
a lot of cocaine I've done some in the
past but not now done some in the past
well it's sprinkling out of your nose
holy shit you got the booger sugar huh
you're getting something spotty put your
hands up put them down put them up put
them down put them up all right stay
like that to him stay like that for stay
like that for when I get a bitch
pregnant which will never happen but
it's like okay well I'm gonna go to jail
is gonna do just another day for you
another day you're my brother but me man
let me Freddie
I agree yep what please probable cause
trouble dig probable cause reason for
suspicion
yes reason for suspicion because I'm
black yeah y'all what up boss hey we've
been following we've been following you
since all the way over there hey man
Vitaly what's going to bother you like
can I see your ID real quick I'm doing a
random ID check on everybody you need to
be less suspicious man you're walking
you see up you see a police officer and
then you walk away the other side huh
yeah you did huh here's your ID yeah
I'm actually I'm actually clocking
everybody in the people that walk on the
sidewalk specially if you're black I'm
clocking you in that's that's our report
today what's up mama but he's a
boyfriend you look suspicious yeah let
me just double-check it real quick
got a we got a donkey ass lookin
motherfucker he's cute but he's not that
cute they came back that you got the
fake ID huh yep we all gamble away at
where we hold the camera huh
are you come on the camera the truck
yeah you're like a good foot
you're the rush huh
Loki well Heike may I see your ID real
quick
I'm checking everybody's ID road for
exhibition activity somebody's selling
crack not because you're black or
anything but they said I brought brown
and brown beanie
oh cool I'll check it out for the coach
why I just came out of my house and I
love my mama's boy go to the man gun
safe if you're gonna talk I'm going to
cut your idea oh please don't know all
right what what's up what are you mad
now I'm not going to arrest you but I'm
sorry for car your any ID you talk too
much
your parents didn't teach you not to
talk when you were a kid the more you
talk the more trouble you get so what
are you going to do now
it's like your ad magic trick rut you're
so funny I nearly all good ha that's
good I tell you this I was like I was
going to go this compass big bro
but I eat you're so chubby why y'all for
it but showing me across here is that
for the shop for the tasty yeah
for this recipe now okay yeah but you
cannot take photos when you're working I
can take a photo when I'm working I can
fuck when I work I can do whatever I
want
I passed Russia yes absolutely
huh moments ago you know the United I
supposed to have international ID huh
what unites for 7 to Nashville hello
yeah are we dealing with the legal
immigrant I don't know Trump let her in
but should be good so easy nice whenever
I be jealous
gentlemen yet you know Sinatra WAP is
not sort of diversity are you gonna cry
are you serious you legal yeah you're
illegal hah sanic a 9 years and let her
get eaten up by our dogs it'll be a
great dinner mm-hm
there you go
Oh
