it was all going so well and now we're
left with this I mean it's gonna taste
the same it just doesn't look like the
beautiful Friday I thought we were gonna
have this morning good morning guys good
morning
how you doing it is a beautiful Saturday
we've got the best weather
I mean it's freezing cold it's just
beautiful weather like like don't get me
wrong it's currently minus one minus one
like that is how cold it is here but but
as sun is shining let me let me quickly
show you it is so nice outside look at
that
had a productive day so far this morning
got up at about oh yeah look at that
runny egg got up at about quarter to
eight by quite early this morning right
now I did go to bed last night at 9 p.m.
probably explains why drops are learning
had a protein bar tonight outside play
full night for like an hour and a half
played worse than what I've ever played
before slightly annoyed that have now
become worse a fortnight or maybe just
everyone else has become better because
I haven't played recently and there
since then I've just been editing the
blog and the new blog is ready to go up
so productive starts with God today this
is like funny new plan tonight
I'm just feeling good feeling really
good Missy we're here
would you wanna say right we've just had
a couple of deliveries arrived at the
house
a new Manfrotto planet for the podcast
some little bits for the clamp for the
podcast basically I ordered these like
for really fancy mic stands from America
for the podcast turns out to be able to
fit them on to your desk you have to
drill a hole through the table like that
fat I don't want to drill a hole through
my table so we sent them back to America
got our money back and then ordered
hopefully in here so new ones bad not
the exact same ones because those ones
you have to one of these three more and
then you can just choose where you want
the mic to go you can just bend it
wherever you want see you later
I hope this little suction mount is
strong enough to hold the camera I don't
know I do this every single time why do
I not have a jacket with me although
it's sunny like I said earlier it is so
cold outside it's literally minus 1 and
I haven't even got a jumper with me I'm
stupid so tonight we've got Steve and
his wife yeah that's so crazy like I
know I went to their wedding they got
married a while ago but Steven Alexia
his wife are coming over tonight
Zoe and I having dinner with them and
we're gonna play some board games to go
like a really chilled evening however
one thing that we want to do is make
pizzas together we don't have the
ingredients so I'm off now to go
shopping to go and get some like pizza
dough some
my husband ate cheese tomato any
toppings that people that's the kind of
thing I'm gonna go and do choose
freeloader then on my phone on me one
minute oh all right we'll get when is
nearly five o'clock I don't go anywhere
without my laptop my new vlog is just
gonna live six minutes ago before I go
in and I buy the food I'm gonna sit down
for a bit and read the comments always
as soon as the ball goes up I'm on the
comment every single day
gurgler yeah yeah what you saying good
man I'm just in the car park at the
moment and we while out in the valley
well I'm in Waitrose car park at moment
in Brighton I'm gonna get some night
whole-wheat healthy ask like dough
yeah and then I'm gonna get them damn
ring and see what toppings you want on
your pizza toppings you want their
cheese and then vegetables that I would
like they all these peppers
come on then let's go let's get out of
here I need to move this trolley in case
it blows onto the car no one not hitting
the car
trying to find some pizza dough that's
like whole wheat or spell or something
like that kind of vibe like just a
little bit here we go oh that's why I'm
talking about all I need left is Mart Oh
Oh 110 of baked beans so a little about
that
mine's organic no just normal no added
sugar fridge pack okay we'll have to get
for that one which tomato sauce Drago
for there are so many different ones
this seems quite good soap free sweet
corn might get a bigger one in case
other people want some I think that's
everything I mean it seems talked quite
a lot to me so it probably is
I just saw the cutest thing in the
entire world like exactly what I want to
be like when I'm older so I don't know
if they have these everywhere around the
world but certainly in the UK
whenever you pay at a supermarket you
get you get given like a little green
coin or whatever I mean doesn't feel
good you get given like a little chip
you're the sky looks beautiful and then
by the exit there's normally like three
different like pots and there'll be for
three different charities and you put
your chip of which one you want to put
which I don't know what the budget of
money is but frozen was just in Waitrose
I'm guessing wait jurors give X amount
of money I'm going to make this half a
million pounds a year and they divide it
by the three depending how many chips
each one of the three gets but I mean
that's really cute that's cool I love
that but what I just saw now was the
cutest add like bent down to the kids
level his son I'm reading out and
explaining one by one what the three
pots are and they said have just been
loud this one's for mental health this
one's for the elderly this one's for
cancer research
he was like proper explaining to his
little boy and I mean like little boy
like three years old what each one of
them was and the bit that I overheard
was him explaining to his little son
what mental health was I was like oh my
god that is what I wanna be like when
I'm older like pop I bent down to his
level not only like letting the little
boy choose but explain him properly
which each one of them was that's that's
the real that's that's what being a
dad is about like education and growing
up the next generation that was awesome
anyways I need to get back to this 21
minutes Steve and Alexia are coming over
am I even in focus I feel like I haven't
even been in focus I don't know Steven
Alexia are coming all twenty minutes now
coming up to us the girls have taken
this very seriously penny we've got
different stations for different things
I'm and I I just think I need to wash my
hands around the edge
yeah Josh you really have to keep going
mine does not like a normal beat sir I'm
gonna get some sweet con on there forgot
about sweet corn is your speech against
women you do you here we go going in
Pete's update mine is currently than if
you can see but mine's currently
dripping on to Steve's over the edge
giving you some s of Chesebrough don't
worry I'm worried that guy why the
Boise's burn base fine oh I'll be
careful
Wow yours is done why not for a minute
to call yeah yeah I think you should and
then try and get it off yeah looks good
day oh my god you're gonna have black
edges really black yeah they're all you
want to move yours to the top but then
one of us can put ours in underneath
taking up the whole oven
I'm joking yeah oh it's coming off Oh
yours doesn't look done yeah that dough
that dough is so thin if that's not done
I'd be really surprised yeah no you're
fine Majid eat it it's not know what's
in there it can't be that raw it's been
in the oven for like 12 minutes that's
fine it's just cuz it's oh you're fine
that's fine mr. cheesy
that looks good
go over that look in space
yeah yeah right let me get the bladder I
get the plate
you don't go to my version in there
Eddie yeah oh no no something still
stuck three dudes up the whole thing the
word you feel like you feel like a
dragon when you're breathing we've all
been playing that psych app again on our
phones watching The Voice it's now time
to drink some red wine collector you
play piano don't you have a chocolate
next cheers guys these guys have never
played shut the Box playing a speed
round there you go nine three duty slave
yeah
listen yes Oh gone for if you get this
bro ah right I think they're mine you
cut this a lot of times ah excuse time
layin pocket which is the most stressful
game ever
so you basically both just go three two
one go yeah first one to fire every
single one to your side is empty in the
middle
did you see what my pinged it like this
right
it went through off of your one again
back so he's just fought in some
chocolate nests with just one big
chocolate nest and we've also got boom
boom balloon ready to play steve has
never tried this looks like pork this is
life-changing bro okay is it warm yeah
because normally you make these into man
you
are you gonna have something going to
healthy Jen go on eat that yummy all
right guys
if Carney caught Gavin and Stacey on
it's time to go to bed is like half past
twelve absolutely not good I even joined
deceived in yeah have give it a thumbs
up subscribe if you're not already and
I'll catch you in the morning
