this is the best video I do art whatever
this is just plain stupid
this video you're about to watch isn't
allowed my usual daily vlogs I want to
have breakfast lunch and dinner on the
same day in three different countries so
a text my friend sent tomorrow question
mark
are you free all day like an early start
he put yeah man what you thinking 7:00
a.m. until midnight sounds like you're
up to something though but it's Audet
and he's like okay cool I'm excited what
time do I need to be at yours I don't
know whether to ring him now and tell
him the plan at this point you guys know
the pattern he doesn't know the plan or
do I get him to meet me in London at the
hotel let me just tell him to bring his
passport that's that's probably gonna be
quite important with this let's get
going this gets the train station so the
only thing I've practiced my box bag a
pair of boxes and a pair of socks and of
course my laptop my passport my charges
well
other than that I don't have anything
it's like number announced actually
private service so do the change there
if you speak to platinum staff they'll
be able to warn you when the next
available trainers and to be able to
continue reviewed earlier just like them
so Jen I literally couldn't be making
this up this was my third train term
from London today may or may not
those things could get any worse right
now my friend has just texted me in all
caps forgot my passport I said no you
didn't he said yeah I'm just driving
home
bloody hell if I managed to actually
pull it for this video I swear
from London bright-eyed I David Lunz da
know what we're doing
no I did I don't know what we do need
that you do I love feeding stray off
mysterious lights you don't know what we
do it so I mean I literally have no idea
you're like hey are you free tomorrow
that yep okay cool bring your passport
that's it I've got mine yes tonight you
know exactly I think this is the hotel I
don't know should we go in hey how you
doing very well I haven't booked a room
yet it's impossible to around
yeah are you being - yeah no freaking
serious so you don't have one you want
me to dog - yeah yeah a bit I thought
that there was there is no room can we
get one tiny bed single no it's a
king-sized but we don't go right to it
separate but none you know online it
says you do a room with one double bed
in one king-sized so on their website it
says that they do rooms we've done bed
and the king-sized in the same room I
didn't have time to cook yeah I'm lucky
I didn't book is now because they don't
do that I mean this is a hotel
just gonna double-check do you have any
rooms with two beds in amazing thank you
currently trying to book hotel on the
mobile because nowhere has to wind this
up two levels third time lucky
oh hey how's it going let's hope you got
some twin rooms you do really two teams
available yeah dude really it's no big
but Rob is bubbles on will be like a
bubble with a single me just be you guys
thank you thank you
I got a room we're sleeping please two
beds please to meds please it's not too
bad bro I don't mind the little guys
right then surely you know what we're
doing come on in being serious it's not
as planned as you might hope it is
evidently the hotel situation
so yesterday I was thinking about how
I'm free today text you you know free
today
yeah so what a great day it would be if
in the morning we're at breakfast in
London yeah lunch we go to another
country then we go to another country no
I just booked it all tomorrow are you
being serious
yeah I said what we gonna do yeah okay
yeah my friend yeah so I mean what as in
leave everywhere emerald ring yeah after
breakfast leave and we have to make it
my lunch get in another country to have
lunch at Paris by the Eiffel Tower and
then I fly to Rocco fried rock anywhere
okay all right pick now or should we
leave until tomorrow I don't know I said
leave it's it's mine
yeah I like that idea they serve
breakfast lunch dinner every different
countries London wherever wherever we
don't I fly back to London flame I never
fly back tomorrow night but that's what
I said to you are you free Saturday
morning yeah yeah just in case we fly to
a country like Wayne Egypt tomorrow
night and there is no flight home I
don't know how long we can have an early
night okay but really sickening Marco
really Paris for lunch isn't yeah I
think savage shot by Eiffel Tower wha
yeah that's doable okay and then we fly
from Paris or we can like rent a car we
could rent a motorbike we could do
whatever all we like really give rise to
the top of Africa yeah or we go to like
Germany or we go Sweden where about
Copenhagen yeah we just have to make
sure that when you get back when do you
need to be back there's just no four
months and then every day is a different
breakfast lunch and dinner
what's trial at 1:00 a.m. while often up
late what's the time it's just a classic
Alfie I'm actually sorry ty they're
making this video thumbs up let's see if
we could just cut oh I like sleeping
straight
I've got draw from the windows nice
Logan hasn't even begun tomorrow
we haven't looked at any trains any
destinations any food spots it's all
gonna happen tomorrow in a few hours
literally in a few hours of
I'll see you then you heard it in Paris
are you ready just ready for the trains
yeah sure
you know ready you look pretty ready
breakfast
good morning guys good morning how you
doing sleepy boy is finally awake and
we're off to get our first meal of the
day
specifically the full English breakfast
because I want to get the most British
English thing I can get what we move on
I think we're gonna need power thing
Paris it's an obvious one it's two hours
20 minutes yeah we can go to the Eiffel
Tower take some pictures yeah right by
the auto power yeah get some coffee and
then we don't know when we're gonna go
for dinner yeah we're just gonna either
rent a car and drive somewhere drop on a
plane but we thinking maybe so much
snowy but thinking is we're perfectly
dressed for snow as well no I'm gonna
bloody car I die first
just right just went them to totally off
the bills that we can pay get going
if we can't book a train ticket a lot a
lot our train leaves in half an hour we
have not booked tickets yeah what if
they say hablar tickets that late yeah
I've never done it
Steve thinks he knows where he's going
he literally does not have any idea at
all hey how's it going you get of course
I think there's one else in this queue
is not pre booked tickets
you do not have reboot so we're just
looking to book a couple of tickets the
Eurostar you're recording or so be
prepared beep into a kid on board a
train put in field knowledge and the
best thing about the Train is that were
not sitting next to each other so it
turns out it's half-ton his patent and
now we'll get much through the business
center so we make our train ok thank you
so much thank you so this is where
things get a little bit more complicated
we're not sat anywhere near each other
because it's hard term like I just said
it is packed out with families and kids
and stuff like that is nice and going to
Paris so we are we were lucky to even
get see it Israel it is at this point
isn't it I think it's just gonna be like
that one day we're gonna be sat in a
restaurant for lunch on a rotation or
CPU
yeah
okay snoring everyone I didn't even
bring a coat with me of no any of us
even though we need to go by this
language buy a coat under prepared right
two things I haven't thought about
number one okay three number one coat
number two I can't speak any French
number three we don't have any currency
so right now we get a taxi do any cash
or can we Penn College of Bluebird
okay this coat is literally as thick as
a piece of paper it's doing nothing
my hands are freezing we are outside
Paris station its Bremen snow and snow
just went in my mouth I cannot believe
that only one when we were chatting we
were planning saying that location we go
should maybe be snowing it'd be really
cool crazy crazy crazy as you saw but
just by uber he dropped us to his
favorite spot which is just here on the
corner
no course we can this is the space where
we're gonna be eating I pretty sure it
was where me and Zoe went when we came
to Paris together and then check this
yeah haha literally right next to
Steve's just taking some pictures for
some people right next to where we eat
in
what we think this is our table
tucked away by the front door
can you see Kenya abused wind as soon as
you finish lunch if anything gets down
to the Eiffel Tower and then we need to
go I don't know where we're gonna go
it's currently I didn't think about the
change in time
it's 252 for back in the UK 152 so it's
kind of lost an hour of the day it's
already going on Google Maps zooming out
really far to Europe and this see what
kind of countries cheers bro last time
we choose lunch in Paris
hey I think what's gonna happen is we're
gonna have to just go to the airport
oh my god it's slippery go to the
airport and just be like yo what have we
got for like now what can we board
alright now like we did with this
morning with the Eurostar
the lighting is insane right now I've
got the camera out taking a couple
little instagrams and the Eiffel Tower
is looking amazing isn't it though right
amazing locked out hard guys Paris in
the snow in the snow we didn't expect
that right now go over to our instagrams
I'll leave a link down below go give
both our pictures our like we're gonna
have our instagrams up by the time
you're watching this
Raja we're currently stuck in a bit of a
predicament we've been looking at some
flights that we could potentially go on
that go from Orly Airport which is where
we're currently heading in this uber
Steve's have just been looking at some
other flights they had from seed EGF
wore their ports up Leach and opposite
sides of Paris to each other half 33
minute drive away from each other we're
currently gonna be in this uber for 50
minutes we don't know which one to go to
because we haven't got a flight yet if
we walk through the wrong Airport
mugginess waste night an hour and a
half's time oh my gosh an hour and 20
minute drive he's gonna get us at the
add water 641 our train leaves thought
if I say above I know anger okay okay he
said he said he can get there quick
answer yeah but this Sat Navs Carney
sent an hour and 20 minute drive to the
airport we've just changed the another F
war
and then now we're gonna get on flight
tonight we have to get there like two or
three hours early this is the fan of not
planning anything that could be our guy
that could be our guy any of these could
be our plane there we go we've got to be
really quick because obviously we charge
behind on in there bro we've got to be
really quick because we could be getting
a fly that leads right now yes
yeah we need to just find out where we
can go ASAP
oh wait let's look at the let's look at
the flight list and then go over to them
and say hey can we book a flight
Zurich Anna wait when's that leave it
okay so we can just say stop on at 7:30
Munich Stockholm they home Keo happens
in okay
Stockholm could be good I like the idea
of Tokyo is too far away I like that
idea of stock apartment
Warsaw Copenhagen Copenhagen Copenhagen
bro 7:45 I've been to Copenhagen so
maybe we do something I need a wee so
that I meet I'm like slamming our life
stand a yellow white which airline is
Stockholm si yes they're both the same
so where's that airline and let's go
chat with them we are looking to fly to
Stockholm yeah no your tickets okay
we don't have a ticket why I need to buy
yeah everyday no ticket
it's just online so we can book it
online on my phone
so I can't speak by now literally trying
to book flight tickets through fly the
leaves like he pretty much now
what are you did your fancy they have
goodbye throws Oh to go ready to go
where is it just next yeah I don't know
I don't know either man so we're back
with the flights it is Paris CDG just at
7:30 it leaves to go to Stockholm lands
at 955 for Alfred days and Stephen
Booker let's go thank you sir thank you
we need to get going what's the booking
reference number and whiskey's do we
have or no skis of a ski boots you've
got boots on bro
oh my day renji morning boss give it
give me that all right let's rock where
we got involved where we going where we
going I don't know how we're getting at
home we're going tonight to Stockholm I
just don't know how we're gonna get that
didn't think about that one
it could be a rock we're working out the
one thing that I actually really don't
feel like doing right now I'm gonna be
honest of you this game is getting on a
bike I don't need that but it's just
needed so one thing I do fill up right
now it's going far away
it's based of time 20 minutes of walking
to get to the terminal that's not real
life just in here at nighttime fried
chicken or gin and tonic and Steve's
dissuaded me to get chocolate yes you
did who's already eaten half of their
chocolate bar Stevie boy straight in
with the juggler he's such a bad
influence
I'm gonna be warping this - white
weather no jumper on let's go get some
dinner we're currently trying to find
our uber driver because I'm still
sticking to the rule of having no cash
which does make things a lot easier
that's not because it's actually taxi I
never heard that oh my gosh okay right
we need to try to find our uber driver
somewhere I have no idea where he is
also we kind of booked a hotel whilst we
were in the airport in Paris we've seen
some pictures of it looks lovely but I
mean obviously we haven't seen much so
we're getting a jumpring in the uber now
to our hotel that we booked
hopefully it's going to be good thank
you
it's amazing thank you so much ma'am
this is our hotel we lucked out with
this average hotel I haven't even gone
inside yet this just looks like the one
look at these bikes look at that and why
those tomorrow morning for the sunrise
Oh downtown camper if we can get some
dinner here they've got a little pop-up
shop PB match what how did they know
it's the boys seriously look you can lay
up there on the pillows are my days
we're doing that I'm sure we booking
have a couple of nights this is mad days
de y es is there any way
and no restaurants
No
just the Instagram this place is insane
like that that's it that's my new
Instagram did you want to get a little
beard trim bro don't you haircut be trim
they do beard trim they do beard trims
just London hotel room crisis this
wasn't even hard what you would pay in
London for your hotel room though oh no
I'm done I'm done
opened table tennis table when you walk
out the lift like even leather like to
69 Plus this is it the moment of truth
no yes
you ready yeah boy no no no there's two
beds don't you worry yeah two beds beds
oh look at this
I'm sleeping there look at that when
you're sitting down here doing some work
in the window
you've even got your little side table
it's man this is unbelievable if there
was a hotel like this in Brighton
there'd be the number one hotel
literally smashed it already on first
impressions I come back you've been
little things like what where's the
thing here when you check-in downstairs
yeah they give you a magazine of the
hotel it's going to read up like all
about them and what the rapture what
they do it Scandinavia knows all about
the design as you know though the aim of
us being here is to get dinner author I
got delayed I didn't quite say that in
the blog it was meant to get in at five
to 10
and the flight actually got in at
something like 10 to 11 there's now 22
minutes past 11:00 not
Everywhere's clothes we just asked the
woman if they saw the room service you
can't see me at all because I'm filming
right next to a light there we go
we just soft woman if they're so damn
room service of the restaurants still
doing anything but they're not they're
closed
the only suggestion she said for food
was even to buy a sandwich from
downstairs somewhere in the fridge or
McDonald's we can't come all the way to
Sweden and get a McDonald's that's not
what we're here for
I'm gonna get on the Google train man so
we're gonna have to try Google that
super lean our restaurants 24-hour
restaurants maybe even have to tweet at
the moment currently no one knows what
country were in so I kind of want to
save it for the videos because then it's
exciting but we might have to tweet
seeing if any if anybody here who lives
in Sweden knows any good restaurants the
weekend that we could go to we were
gonna walk to go and get some dinner
but Steve reminded me that it's minus
six outside so we should get get an uber
we take my bag is that someone left
their bag there no actually just up
there should I run it to her you know I
think man damn the previous person left
that handbag amazing - thank you
this is max we didn't have high hopes
for max but our drivers just told us the
max is actually really good some of the
best Swedish meat in their burgers so
we're now quite excited you know this
basin of beautiful Sweden and Reed is so
clean this McDonald we could go to a bar
afterward by the village but then we go
to the bar back you know - yeah love or
so I'm pretty cold spicy chicken it's
time to try out max we didn't know these
were some doctors
turns out really rotten mini voters that
means Aaron I thought some like cool
sausage
oh really good very good very good
I'm gonna go against my that's the last
chance of today cheers bro the last time
which is
was in Paris that was the most most nuts
dinner I've ever had upon I haven't even
explained to these guys what was even
happening so after just then when we
were chatting with that lovely girl
that's been watching the videos for four
years a group of warmth I hate yeah a
group of like eight girls and boys all
came over from watching the videos and
stuff and then it just turned into like
Kroy is the intent from non-stop chats
for like half an hour lovely chats just
like it's 1:00 a.m. or eating like a
dirty burger and stuff and now we've got
share and chips sharing drinks sharing
dips everything with like nine of you
guys should get a drink and take on to
bed yeah hundred get a glass of red wine
you know also we need to sit down maybe
we'll sit down here audio yeah we need
to sit down somewhere do a little Cheers
I it's been successful guys who pulled
it off you can't believe
oh just happened converses guys we just
got back to the hotel room I went to
plug in my laptop and tried my mobile
and start editing this video you're
watching and obviously we didn't expect
to be flying to Sweden today so that
doesn't plug into the Sweden plug so
against the Sweden the Swedish just had
a glass of wine and I'm so tired it's
hit me yeah this video has been long if
you're still watching all the way to now
thank you so much I hope you've enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up subscribe do the
nice stuff but first of all before we go
and I'm actually not good by the way
I'm slight about fall asleep when i text
you saying yah when your posh walk meet
me london was this what you thought we
were doing no what did you think my
honestly thought I thought maybe we
might be under Paris and then I even
that I was like ah maybe but then I know
we need to be back in a day and whatever
and then I also thought that oh okay
well we're doing a helicopter ride yeah
I kind of thought maybe it was like I've
died you need passports um times they'd
your passport and stuff like that and go
through security and whatever so as our
members helicopter ride not trying to
lecture about it and she was like oh
yeah maybe it's Paris times like I don't
think so
and then when we sat down last night in
the hotel room and you were like oh
right before we can't even get the hotel
room yeah once we're just in a hotel
room it's been a long journey to get
here man
sure as the only been away from we leak
how long ago it was when we were sat in
a hotel room in London yeah that feels
like a week ago like so long ago yeah I
mean we didn't have the best dinner I'm
gonna just throw in a little bit
it was delicious but it wasn't like the
Swedish delicacy that I pictured in my
head that would be in some amazing
quality posh restaurant Swedish food
that's because our flight was delayed
and we did get some savage instagrams in
Paris yeah we were in Paris that loose
snow
I'll get any little guys if you enjoyed
it share some laughs this is probably
the longest vlog I've ever uploaded this
channel if it is check out Steve's stuff
Steve's been filming the whole thing as
well which is gonna go up so I leave a
link to it down below subscribe to him
and I'll see you tomorrow when we wake
up in Sweden and I'm actually awake not
half asleep and then I realized where
the bloody hell we are and I'm like what
is it going on and oh we haven't booked
flights for tomorrow - at home well you
went legit we have not got fright yet to
go home alright for we go to sleep we
have to do that we have to do that we
have to vote fright um oh my gosh I'll
catch you tomorrow guys I got a vlog
tomorrow and it's technically already
like 2 a.m. which is tomorrow
it literally is 2 a.m. yeah see you
later like a potato in this lens there a
wide-angle lens
