anyway give my mate how you doing
Tristan breakfast let me sort you out
sort you out with some good old tiny
friends farm food good morning guys good
morning hey Darren go an early start to
the vlog today we've got tons of
builders here and electricians and
conservatory people all trying to fix
lights and things that aren't working in
the house since moving in we have had
non-stop people trying to fix things
that aren't working for some reason by
the hole of the lights on the one with
the glass in the ceiling don't turn on
and they meant to turn on that's the
same in the bathroom and there are so
many different things on a positive note
I got a fairly this morning I've got
some organic in here organic Weetabix
don't know what the difference is
between organic and non-organic Weetabix
my strawberries and blueberries and I'm
about to sit down to edit the vlog I
want to get it done early get it done
and upload it because yesterday's video
was like 15 minutes late I don't really
like that I don't want to be don't to be
uploading videos late
founded it to the office but the weather
the weather is not on our side today
got myself a banana as well a nice
little snack okay just clearing out as
you can see from the ground I mean
ignore the fact I'm wearing shorts I
have no idea why I'm wearing shorts
today it was raining like heck a minute
ago but now it's all clearing up I mean
not over there over here it's all
clearing up the tent is still at the
bottom of the garden I need to sort that
this weekend but look at this you know
we had the work party it kind of ruined
the grass a little bit I mean I'm sure
it will come back and it'll be fine it
is literally a complete different color
if that's the impact from five days
that's been down there for two months oh
we're gonna have a mud patch at the
bottom of the garden Shino often helps
having keys to the office like bringing
keys would probably help to be able to
get in either's always putting a prank
on me or there is actually hedgehogs
using this because it's like turn to the
side obviously it should be facing out
for a little hello hedgehogs anything in
there no Zoe bought a little hedgehog
house and someone's moving it around
called borrow my doggy which is
basically where you can borrow people's
dogs the point of the app from what I've
gathered if I'm right is basically if
somebody needs to go away for the day or
they're going a holiday or something you
can like sign up to this app and have
people borrow your dog for the day today
in the office apparently for having a
dog not Nala another dog I think her
name is right I'm not really too sure
but we've got I've had it in my diary
that a dog is being brought to the
office today from the app boring my
doggy so that's what's happening
just pop him back home I want to check
that all of the electricians and
everything that's being worked on today
is all going good
and then we're not going to be left
today with things still outstanding
needing to be done so I'm just going to
have a laptop meter in the builders
this is what I'm talking about chicken
and greens
yeah I thought that was gonna a quick
little easy task
if only it took me as long as it took
you to watch that oh my gosh you happy
to be a new home yeah
is that nice all nice and clean all his
favorite stuff in there no I think she
helped me out as well did you help me
with the cleaning okay I'll give you a
treat for being good okay
this is exactly what I need Oh take two
this is exactly what I need put him back
over to the office honestly I'm sweating
guys hoovering hard work left my office
keys for the second time today but even
worse I left them inside my office and
everyone's gone out on their lunch break
so I can't get back into the office now
it's probably out walking the office dog
for today what I'll do instead then just
put all the bins out put the rubbish in
there in the bins I've moved it all but
we only have one recycling bin and one
rubbish bin and we fill that up pretty
damn quickly so all of this stuff here
can't fit inside the recycling bin now I
need to try and find a local tip never
been to a cardboard tip by the new house
before
well now I can finally head back to the
office yeah good yeah let's go so
excited you know it surprised anyone
who's a long time I need my wallet to
pay look at all these little PE
caterpillar things that are on the
ground they've absorbed all the water
they're really squishy now from that
tree had it oh you get a nice insta
holding out front of your face yeah yeah
the life of an Instagram boyfriend
that's nice
there we go thank you I got to be super
quick because we are on a mission to
surprise mark faris so can you explain
what the update is so far for the
surprise where we're going so we're
going to move house yes subscribe team
have seen onset moving vlogs and he has
been messaging me basically for like the
last couple of days we've been like what
night should we going surprise if we
really want to turn up his house and
like knock on the door and just like be
them this week and then this morning he
was like when when are you gonna come
see it I was like soon like he probably
thinks we're being so rubbish yeah but I
have sent him flowers and stuff to be
like like happy moving it but also
sending him the flowers was also my way
of getting his address so today is the
perfect date what I've said to him is
are you around to FaceTime later because
I know that he'll only like FaceTime me
at home and we do like his FaceTime
catch it so we talk for like an hour and
a half on FaceTime so I was like if he's
around to be able to FaceTime then he's
gonna react hi I'm gonna be chilling I
said we're free and he was like yeah I
can do that
I was like okay cool and then oh my god
I need to read the text because it was
so funny so he's literally been sending
me screenshots of their text
conversations today be like yeah are you
up to anything fun tonight or are you
having a children after your late night
because I wanted to be like maybe
without my friends tonight might be in
the way
so I think I'm just gonna have a night
in enjoying doing absolutely nothing
today how I put haha sounds perfect say
so we have to be quick because I'm
supposed to be FaceTime you have 40
minutes and it's funny not only that
we've got all of those doughnuts as you
saw for him just one present and then
we've also just pulled over an hour to
Waitrose and we're gonna get sushi for
dinner and take that over Jay oh and a
bottle of gin I love moving impact and
maybe some ice lime and tonic definitely
I don't have ice will last the 40-minute
journey we can try why some Tupperware
put it in Tupperware or something we can
see that yet we'll Italy right put my
bracelet back in we
Yeah right wait rose we need you quick
behind my grabbing popped you down here
okay operation surprise mark faris
because he's gonna be ready waiting for
me on FaceTime in 40 minutes I might
have to delay him Oh that'll be fine
I'll be fine
I'm fine this surprise blog hitting you
with this surprise blog do you know I
can do they have a big enough rip in my
genes
I feel like this rips a little bit
inappropriate it was like this it was
like that and then it ripped like that
so now it's literally like okay let's go
let's go let's go
hold that what Oh God
we certainly don't have time for you to
break a ball bag but since there's no we
can go on the escalator you have to
always do it the stairs no we can go in
here oh no we can go in here though
I refuse in such a
I mean that's even lazier because look
I'm still walking
yeah yeah it does
wait do you have ID on you okay it all
get our sushi Sue's here let's see she
Sue's here hey how's it going
we're coming to get some dinner
Oh
look how much sushi we got guys we got
everything we need soy sauce have you
got the one my favorite soy sauce oh my
gosh you know we should buy him
we should buy him a pet like a pet snail
or something like a giant African land
snails new pet where's the gin yeah this
is the one yeah we'll get a couple of
these you want the light ones one light
one out of flower I'll carry this
they've got my favorite he does
something different like this Daffy's is
unbelievable
botanist is so good as well what's this
we are massive ice cubes that's what I'm
talking about never seen ice cubes like
this this is our little shopping basket
this is the one that we went for it's
been a busy day thank you so much very
successful it's even more exciting now
has this thing where it knows you're
driving so it oh yeah yeah yeah define
or the new update it did it to me the
other day if Mark text me it will send
back to him I'm currently driving no one
it won't always sorry we don't want you
behind you guys I didn't film the actual
surprise at the door Oh number one I
didn't want to give away where Mark's
lives
number two is because mark was fully
naked with his with his pee now all that
scary movie - that count
oh my gosh right we've eaten all of the
sushi we've been smashing the doughnuts
from talking about penises weird we
already need to leave oh look at this is
what I'm wearing I've changed up could
mark bought me not bought me and is this
a jump or a t-shirt it's a jump rope for
my birthday which I love I've already
put it on
you like it I love it I love your flower
I really like Marx literally been in a
couple of days and it's already like
this homely yeah oh yeah mark said he
had a headache oh yeah we forgot to
update them in the car mark text saying
hey let's do FaceTime in an hour
we now feel like we're already on the
way so we went and got him some headache
tablets I was like he's definitely
asleep in there so then I at Safi was
like right FaceTime and just show him
like the outside of his door so i
facetimed and then we could hear him up
mr. FaceTime and you and then he rang me
back and I are the FaceTime put it like
at his door who's his own door number I
was like cuz I said to your site this
doesn't make sense I feel like I should
be filming I was just like did I give
you my address and then I remember I did
so confused it was like yeah it's
amazing we just saw his Willy creep
around the corner in the door and open
dude the people yeah yeah we were like
see you can look through I love it I'm
very happy it's been good it's made my
day
yeah yeah headaches garden we bought we
went to the shoppers around Walmart some
new offense and now we've got to head
off as well got to get back got to get
back for the dog all right well enjoy
your doughnuts join the dream team
see you later get you in a beer
I have no idea where for my keys or
anything mobile wallet camera keys all
get what you should I wear these
grazie I'm gonna end the vlog down here
because I don't want to go upstairs and
stop rocking a way to sew me up so hope
you've enjoyed today's blog I've enjoyed
that it was outfeed surprise I've
enjoyed the time lapse for me cleaning
out Percy's hutch if you've enjoyed the
vlog in general give the video a thumbs
up subscribe if you aren't already and
all country boy we've got a good weekend
planned a very chilled as out fee how
you know productive weekend planned it's
all catch to my
pay
