good morning guys it is the third of
November which means it is Movember day
three this is my moustache LIF ah it
feels a little bit like sandpaper
someone's sandpaper level of a moustache
if you guys want to donate if you
haven't already or if you want to donate
again you're feeling amazing then
there's a link down below to my Movember
page remember we're trying to raise as
much money as we possibly can to change
the face of men's health and that's our
testicular cancer prostate cancer mental
health just things like that it is a
super amazing cause and for that I'm
going to grow a ridiculous moustache and
not shave it for the whole of November
right today's task I haven't got any
filming really other than the same folks
doing to edit yesterday's daily vlog so
I'm going to try and get rid of all of
this stuff which is the clutter from my
old office that is today's tasks don't
have a clue where any of its going to go
Zoe is out doing something super
exciting I'm not going to tell you what
I believe up for her to tell you guys
she's out the house at the moment
so I'm all alone I'm alone Jimmy Tyler
left this morning yeah I don't really
know what to do I've just got to where
do I begin the office is getting there
it's getting there but it is time for a
coffee break
Zoe bought this little machine the other
day and you see if I know how to work it
where is it snowing on switch where is
it
okay looks like you know I think off you
guys because I can't find the on switch
is it plugged in oh okay the board is
eating out I just put in fresh water and
obviously stupid me it's not boiled yet
so I'm just gonna wait wait I need a
coffee glass and then I go for a little
Starbucks coffee glass oh I bought I
know what's happening
what the hell what what is he doing
nope nope nope don't do that don't do
that stop stop stop
don't know what it's doing my parents
have got one of these coffee machines
but they know how to work it not me I've
got these don't know what temperature is
which which color do I go for I want to
go through quite a strong one because
I'm quite tired today I need lots of
energy I'm probably this one is like a
nice bluey color I'm gonna go for that
all right let's pop him up in here
squeeze him down get rid of that are you
ready three two so weird
we have coffee this is on it like I'm
saying it joking about but I'm actually
being serious now having coffee makes
such a difference in my life makes me so
much more Waker get so much more done
and before when we moved in here and in
my old flat we never ever had a coffee
machine so come on Kim on it was super
super hard to make a coffee you're like
to go and buy one whenever I wanted rum
but now Zoey what order those little
shades thanks so much
Ernie if you watch em then oh why you'd
be watching my videos when we live to
get that but if you are give it to me a
thumbs up Zowie no jaqen right I'm gonna
wait for that today
and then I'm gonna carry on my grunts
let's show you what yeah I'll show you
it's get in there guys whoa it is all
clear it is like mostly tidy I mean it's
not 100 percent they've got a couple of
boxes here and I've got one box left
that books there's the only box net that
I have to go through but I think I'm
just done for today because it's just
full of little bits that haven't got a
place yet basically means I we need to
buy a lot more furniture like storage
like cupboards and just draw
and stuff like that so things will
gradually find a home but it is more or
less done so far now ah that was so good
being able to walk around because
yesterday do bizarro I need the toilet
went to come to the toilet in my office
because I got a little bathroom in here
let's even go a little shower and then
you couldn't get to the toilet because
it was blocked off all here is it weird
that I'm so happy that my room is tiny
I just feel a lot more productive I can
get a lot more done when I'm like I'm
very OCD should we say I like everything
tidy clean in its place and done yeah I
guess that's a good thing though because
it means that I get everything done and
clean and everything up one time
hopefully hopefully but now it is time
to edit yesterday's daily vlog oh you
guys an update on how my little trees to
him what's it a bonsai tree that's the
one getting quite bushy now I need to
give her a drink in a minute she's
getting pretty bushy right I need it
yesterday as daily dog and obviously two
daily vlogs are going live today because
of being on the little holiday with Jim
and Morgan on the ship I couldn't upload
so another two videos we go alive today
so yesterday if you didn't watch them
both check them out I'll leave the links
down below to them I hope you enjoy them
go give them a thumbs up right I need to
edit there your dog literally just been
laughing why I still got this hat on
I've literally been laughing so much or
someone who's just tweeted me who was it
Hootie Allen I've been off in so much
for the last like half an hour edged in
this video there's parts me and Tanya
and Jemma making Zowie do like
ridiculous stuff while she's asleep on
the sofa and we're making they're like
dude that the Cadbury's girl has
eyebrows and I stick her tongue out
flare her nostrils and stuff and she's
asleep I hope you enjoyed that
yesterday's video I loved so much while
stairs next I'm finished now I just need
to wait for it to say it is done 10% and
then I'm ready to go over to Zoey's old
flat to upload it
we don't have internet here it's time to
cook some dinner it is quarter to 6:00
and this clock is still one still don't
know how to change it but it is actually
okay it's one minute to 6:00 no corn at
6:00 one minute to 6:00 right Zoey is
half an hour away just spoke to her
she's half an hour away in the car
driving back home from a super exciting
day I can't tell you guys what again but
I'm sure she will tell you very very
very soon she said for dinner that if
she could have any dinner in the world
she would have ice no I'm joking she
didn't really say ice what she said is
that she wanted this pizza which on the
box journey and it says Cooke from
refrigerator not from freezer so I don't
really know how to cook this how do I do
that oven proposin 10 to 12 minutes oh
yes I've got age is available to cut
that for a while 10 to 12 minutes what
do I want to eat what what do I want to
eat we haven't really got much I
couldn't it round to the shop and don't
II never want to walk for a while though
no got anything in here some pasta and a
steak pie
oh it absolute the door is now Jesus
there's not really too much just got
myself some pasta or something what have
we got in here what have we got in here
have we got in here what the hell am i
singing noodles could be tasting Alfie
yeah it's the ocean of court or
spaghetti chicken soup spaghetti on
toast is a good option but I won't like
a proper dinner I haven't ever cooked
myself a pot what when did we get to
chocolate what Zoe Zoe's got look at
this
my favorite Zoey's got a secret oh my
gosh
Zoey's got a secret stash of chocolate I
am hiding days and I put them in a
bottle no oh don't tell Zoey they're
there no way she's got a secret stash of
chocolate I'm checking all the other
cupboard
now no I can't believe that as you know
I don't like to exercise at all ever but
I literally just jogged and I set myself
the challenge of jogging all the way to
a local supermarket to buy loads of food
for like tonight and tomorrow literally
so far can't even describe how far away
the place where I just went to get all
this food is oh my gosh I didn't look
back
I really couldn't jog back I was so
tired no don't pull that with me no oh
my gosh and Zoey still isn't back yet
she said she was going back at half past
two quarter to peach takes 12 minutes to
cook I'm 30 seconds late I need to turn
on the oven you can tell much we love
pizza in this house because we literally
have a tray specifically for pizza put
them in a bowl and drizzle some oil on
them split them all out on a tray and
then add some delicious and Nando's
paper so all over them Zoey's here now
you have a good day
I've literally driven for not fun it was
for fun course but I say you keep that
for your vlog but I'm now putting up
much again and I'm putting some more
paper so time to flip these guys upside
down the chicken is cooking up and
so he's singing along to an instrumental
version of frozen also mine whatever
they're called potatoes are still kickin
and dinner is served
I stole some Missouri's baked beans but
I got some chicken sweet potato things
both of them were Nanda sauce and Zoe's
got my child's meal
yeah but the most food ever it'll be
gone soon
I've been craving Pete some mash and
beans specifically all day no you got it
did you like the bit yesterday you
haven't seen it yet yesterday's welcome
make me do stuff yeah so I got Simon to
speak to you about didn't know exactly
why yeah what I just got these at the
fries in front I'm sorry what you did
show me what you think I'm gonna talk to
you about confess why you laughing it's
the stuff that someone brought a mighty
fast on the last night is it a battle
why is it hidden at the top it's not I
just
this one this one this one high up as
high after that even higher up than that
this is lower than that was anyway so
they hit over the chocolate sauce
someone's trying to get them all to
themselves
sorry doesn't seal them from Amity fest
I said at the end of the Brighton shows
like does anyone want these and no if
anything they were in the green room
backstage in the green room but it's
just a big bag sweets and stuff for us
not like is anyone gonna take these
and I was like I'll take them in and
Zoey doesn't like chocolate there's been
in the freezer so I perhaps they put
them in the freezer so you don't like
them at room temperature oh no y'all get
in the fridge is the best no in the
freezer no I said the fridge I'm in the
freezer solid odd job - yeah but we need
to go over to Zoey's fat now as per
usual you need to edit the video I know
I need to upload my video right let's
get going - walking back to Zoey's old
flat guys just got out of the taxi no we
didn't just go out the taxi
look I didn't think about it
I wore my slippers I'm doing you now yo
and because we're at the I said Zoey's I
meant Zoey's old flat these are my
filming lights remember they used to be
next to our bed our bed used to be here
since I started my you now show I was on
how much money they raised seven hundred
pounds now I can't even like begin to
fathom how much money people have been
donating somebody anonymous which is
amazing has just donated 125 pounds look
at all these donation guys that have
come in somebody earlier on down here as
well donated 100 pounds someone called
Craig all of these one and two pounds in
that I think that's the most important
thing if this video just say for example
got like 300,000 views if you watching
this right now didn't eat your next
chocolate bar didn't buy it and instead
donated that money that like one pound
or whatever it cost you $1 there'd be
300,000 pounds more donated to an
amazing charity so please donate guys
don't we link down below
Zoe you excited yes I'm really excited I
think it's really lovely that everyone's
getting involved it is it's so crazy
people donating so much money uploading
them live showed on guys are total Oh
jacks oh wait no you can't see me
our total range
I miss this leg or time to research my
new just under two thousand seven
hundred pounds you win I 2,700 pounds
back at the South P household and we're
about to vote cup in the bath so I'm
gonna end my vlog here look how nicely I
made the bed earlier frost to get back
into thank you so much watching today I
hope you enjoyed it thank you so much
for donating to my Movember thing down
below the charity thing that I'm doing
growing my moustache you guys the best I
love you so much give the video a thumbs
if you enjoyed it I will see you
tomorrow morning
hopefully morning no it will be good
night guys I love you
