good morning guys how comfy was that
nice sleep yeah he's just that we slept
together I think then but it was very
comfy
Morgan how is over the other side the
other side of the ship
wait I don't have a key oh I want to put
my cool little bracelet hang on where's
my bracelet when we get one when we
getting drop them skies you get given
these cool little like watch bracelets
and you can basically that pay for
things or if they're open doors oh I
haven't got my TV is that bad yeah
mostly TV tells you then if you notice
guys but I've got as baby-faced as I can
possibly get so it is the first day of
Movember
thanks so much to everyone who's
donating so far and even link down below
so you can Cameron donating I wanna see
if we can raise more than Jonathan's
Ciccone Jolin he's doing quite well at
the moment so I need your help
where are we going ice this right
lobster lobster Lobby we're going up for
day one down down down down
yeah I didn't have her like most proper
reigns Accord where you wet shave raise
it I already have a razor and you had an
electric razor so I've just got like the
tiniest bit of stubble it's as low as
like the positive know what I'm doing if
you don't this for any good cause it's
pretty much gone is pretty much nothing
they're back in the restaurant of 12
million different options
oh my gosh look at that just got what
walk chop there now sir finish up
breakfast and we're about to go on that
my fly excited yeah but you despite that
you're it's basically you've been
skydiving fly maneuvers is good yes
nothing's great this is like skydiving -
thank you spending basically not scary
should either yeah you said internal
absolutely absolutely no camera no
jewelry no lose item
what that was so sick how much fun was
that really doesn't um yeah but you guys
aren't gonna have to see that to the
16th of November when my main channel
videos up but we're currently do what
that it's gonna be awesome we're
currently standing on like a glass floor
if you don't like Heights you won't like
this look at it I don't like this at all
we're like how many floors up we 15 yeah
no well actually were 13 technically
unlucky 13 and look do many laughs why
am i standing on it I don't like get
enough it's get you guys gym back into
why am I tired I need a coffee - what
yeah how'd you like rings and ring
don't get one this is like the most
relaxing call park the boat I feel we
are off shooting some more scenes for
the main kind of video but as we're
walking past yesterday where we're doing
the rollerblade in look what they're
setting up that's for the circus school
trapeze guys we're doing that later yeah
100% doing that they looks so sick
hot dog time hey man good how you doing
Can I grab your best hot dog the best
one you've got I want the best one thank
you that's what I'm talking about Jimmy
I've got changed look at this guy
killing air no I'm gonna be so bad at
this Jim you're gonna beat me
Morgan man you should be doing this oh
look at that
Oh blo ryder was so much fun like so so
good
do young good time yeah we need away
suddenly know something about my room
and then it was so cold afterwards that
we ran a spotter couldn't jump to it
kind of corned beef e you know like when
you are really cold and you're skiing
loaded with pink and patchy yeah or beef
that's not good like I've never had some
usually some corned beef before yeah
soon a bit man yeah Jim's gonna go get
me to get the shower Morgan didn't
didn't do the second thing he was
filming it we also got to meet and hang
out with Jason is it gladbury Jason from
The Gadget Show basically and he was out
doing the circum with us and stuffing
we're talking to him my hair oh my gosh
I literally I look like a 16-yard Justin
Bieber look at my fringe all right I'm
gonna get in the shower guys then we're
gonna get dressed again and then we're
gonna go carry on filming for the video
all good
what Carmen was awesome very very scary
letting go because there's nobody else
are holding your support it's just
electronic gym like fast they just go
but both hasn't rope that go like will
it go yeah oh no no like every single
thing in your brain decide do not let go
do not let go do not let go and I'm like
well you do that goes oh it's like a
seat belt it's funny cuz it's fine yeah
you're fine but otherwise wouldn't be
here but yeah it's really really fun
you'll find out who was pastor who won
in my main Channel video still filming
there got a couple one more shot left
yeah and then the video is done but
right now we just snuck off to a place
yet a shake or burger or a sandwich or
something like that
am I have to get surprised it is time to
go oh yeah I mean you're scared of
heights
goodbye we're going up
look how high up we are you scared
Morgan means over there like it is by
these so scared of pipes Morgan had you
ready scared of heights guys look at
that
daddy's pretty cool isn't that how much
your diamonds look cool from here from
here not very much do you want yeah you
know them anyway thank you so much
hey I'm yes or no yes
I don't agree what they just did
basically I'm playing some game in the
arcade and I'm in a Mustang racing in
London awesome let's do this
are you ready Jim we're having a race I
know it's gonna be risk are you gonna go
for we're play is this
Nuka or pole I always get confused it's
pole I'm about to mash Morgan down at
pole Wonderland this is where we are
going for dinner
right now it's just only hop our sips
well I'm super excited found it's just
like crazily prepared weird food tastes
really good I have to say this isn't
exactly what I expected this is like
crazy look at the interior and look what
we're wearing a hoodie I've got a hoodie
on Jim's got shorts and a hoodie on
you've got shorts on man we've been
given picture frames for the menu and
one of them the first one
baby vegetables in the garden were soil
pebbles liquid I don't even know you'll
soon find out
the elderflower I basically just senses
what you mean you can smell the cucumber
we're the first people to try this drink
at all he said we've never made this one
before
good I do really like it it tastes
really Hugh come till I get yes like
cucumber and elderflower and it looks
awesome water though yeah Jim just went
for a water as we have six elements this
is our first one are you ready three
that's awesome now that's why we do this
imagine its cuisine so we've taken
something simple and just give it a
little twist we have some spicy tuna
guys in limes
I don't know my camera is going crazy
from the lighting it doesn't look like a
disco in here I promise it's just my
camera and flowers look at that pork
that looks so good geez this place is
awesome
I don't know what any of this pudding is
and we didn't even order pit and they
deport it to us but it looks in that
same I don't know anything oh man we put
one each little lollipop
they're like mini magnums with stuff on
the top look at that this is guys it
just walked back into my room and
there's little elephants in there hey
man that's so cool I got a new camera as
you guys know I've mentioned this twelve
million times this camera here oh it's
the same lens but I got a new camera the
other day and if the person we have used
it for a video today Morgan was filming
it and I'm not too great with cameras
like I don't know all the settings and
what this is better for this and that
but just knowing what I know that's more
the small that I do know the smaller
that I know that doesn't make sense the
small amount that I do know that quality
and the color is amazing so hopefully
this video that means Jim and Morgan up
in filming today is going to be awesome
I'm super super excited I want to tell
you too much about it but you guys know
some of the stuff that we've done in
there and yeah it is going up on the
16th also guys is my moustache coming
along well my miss - remember guys
please please please donate the link is
down below to my Movember which is busy
growing a moustache and not shaving it
for the whole of November to help raise
awareness and help change for the better
men's health like prostate cancer
testicular cancer and mental health it
would really mean a lot if you guys
could donate and I know that it would
help out people massively and I wear
I believe we've got such a big community
me and you watching this and everybody
all together that subscribe to the
points blog channel or put its blog TV
on this channel and I feel that we can
make a big difference I don't want to
give an aim or a goal for us to hear but
if we hit like good numbers we raise a
lot of money then I think we can do so
I'll do some cool funny dare videos I'll
do a you now topless and dance to some
ridiculous songs I'll dye my hair oh I
don't know I don't know what I'll do you
guys leave some challenges down below
and targets for me to hear I think so
far I don't have very good internet on
here but I think so far we've raised 500
pounds and no videos have gone live
promoting it so 500 pounds just from a
couple of tweets is insane
so if we could raise something like I
don't even know that 10,000 pounds
within the month
that would just be crazy and I know that
that would help out people so so much
also there is a leaderboard for the
Movember website and I want to try and
get really high now I think at the
moment we like number 50 or 40 in the
world so that is just absolutely insane
let's try and get me to number one let's
try and beat Jonathan saucony Jolie and
you guys donate more than his following
hey how do you think my moustache is
going really good so far one day 29 or
something to go look at this did you get
one of these no I do look I go an
elephant no bumper cars time again
viewers Jim mad you should be good at
driving this I'm really good I'm going
for aggression
mr. in hysterics now because they've
both parted 15 times since there we go
no you do thought you said you just did
a warm fart Jim you know I don't find
healthy if I can do that I can open your
cupboard my foot I'm gonna do about that
what would I care about that huh
basically it's has been in my room and
they've both party Morgan said he
spotted 15 times yeah not cool this is
my room I don't fire you know that you
just said don't advise it in Mitte net
no admit it to the view it's fun you
know that you are dead you know Jim
admit that you parted did you fart why
not admit it I will not people be
Internet you don't believe it I don't
fart
back down says floor five
we're going on now get more we doing we
don't know and then we're gonna just
find somebody settle down the evening
have a drink relax just chill we are
sitting in the bar
dear more we are snapchatting Zoe and
Tanya know nothing nothing
right Morgana's one that way because he
is sleeping over there that is where his
room is a minor Jim's rooms on the
opposite end of the boat we had a good
night
yeah very night session really call him
out with only white and Wallace and yeah
it was chose just had a couple of drinks
just a militia Wallace to Wally
Ronnie right I'm gonna go to sleep now
guys when I get back to my room not
right now
just that little bit just right now so
let's see right he asleep
thanks so much watching slate I hope you
enjoyed it I hope you're looking forward
to my main channel video would shoot if
your when all of today yes they are
yes they are your inner to shut out save
yourself right give this video a thumbs
up you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow morning when we get up super
early because we dock this ship what
time do we dock 6:00 a.m. a.m.
so we've got a taxi picking us up to
take me Jim and Morgan back to Brighton
8:00 a.m. I always see you super early
tomorrow morning guys love you so much I
know give the video come that you
enjoyed it give the video thumbs up Jim
you'll be in the car good night guys I
love you
