good morning guys I'm currently on the
way to Southampton with Morgan and Jim
is already there and I've just done
something that I think is quite a big
deal that I've never done before
basically you guys I'm sure you all know
what Movember is so our speaking to
Jonathan saucony Jolie who is doing
Movember this year and we had a little
bit of a rivalry who could grow the best
moustache and I think now is going to be
here is going to be him by said IPM they
go as massage so we decided to see who
could raise the most money for Movember
so I've just helped and Movember page
here you can either search Alfie deyes
or pointlessblog and it comes up I'll
let you did it a minute ago they've
already there's 105 pounds which is
insane you guys on Twitter are going
crazy about there and I tweet to say
that if you comment your Twitter name
I'm going to try my best to follow you
all back I'd really like a minute ago
and it is going in nuts so if I get you
forget your follow slightly slow I'm
sorry guys but it is coming but
basically I leave a link down below if
you go to a box think it was like mold
let me find the link one second mo bro
mo BR o KO / pointlessblog
he'll be linked down below as well and
please donate and let's I just want to
see how much we can raise because it's
for an awesome cause and I want to help
change on the face of men's health and
that's what my prostate cancer
testicular cancer mental health and
things like that for males which I think
it's super super important and I'm a boy
myself so they'll get say if you could
donate anything whether that's like one
pound or hundred pounds or anything at
all
please go down below on and see how much
when you don't like this I want us to
donate and ask to raise more than
Jonathan that is a to raise as much
money as we prefer literally my emails
are coming through so fast but November
this is insane so so excited also it
does mean I'm going to have to go and
start tonight when I get oh I've told
you guys where I'm going
you still don't know I'm going I'm in
the car as you can see doesn't that
would have to clean shave all my face
and then start going my moustache for
the whole of November so comment down
below as well let me know pictures on
Twitter and things what's on staff you
want me to grow and I'll try to grow
like the most popular ones it is time to
tell you where we are guys this is what
we're doing for the next three days
don't down down down down we're going on
quantum of the Seas check out even up
there they've got rock climbing and
stuff that looks sick
jim's also here you excited it is so
awesome it looks so so cold so we are on
the quantum of disease
I am so excited yeah chilling scary in
the restaurant guys they've got that a
million trillion depressed ones and this
one here has like look how much food it
has also is 24 hours I'm so excited and
I just kind of want to get there's so
much food I literally don't know water
finished up lunch which was in Seine
there's just so much to order you can go
away afternoon yeah I did I have seconds
as are all guys Oh
Louie would be in there hooked up man
this is sick also there's a big new yeah
yeah Jim voice which I bought two pairs
so this thing is good the North Star and
it's basically like lifts up like a pod
and that goes really high and stuff I
think we're going to go on it later
Jim's a little bit scared I know so
we're doing the North Star tomorrow guys
we're just come inside where the
basketball is and all the dodgems
just said I look through the hoops come
down oh wow who's come down up to see
let that's good Levi Dunkleman a break
Jimbo now yeah bumper cars guys oh and
he put my seatbelt on
I'm gonna bail with that so Jimmy you
ain't getting me any good
oh we terrible more yet oh look at that
guy in there look at that
what
Wow
the surf push me down here I'm not going
to be very get it right we've done this
tomorrow yeah are we trying this
tomorrow guys
all of this stuff has been turned off
now guys but but that but I think we are
going to be doing all of it tomorrow and
what I'm thinking is that I might film a
main Channel video tomorrow which is
going to be me versus Jim at doing like
the all the different activities like
the FlowRider
what's here I'll say do you know what
that looks like
no but yeah better but you know my
banner on my Twitter my youtube channel
in that it's like the purple hexagon
kind of thing that's what it looks like
Oh sick Jimmy you up for video I'm
thinking main channel yeah me either
versus you or just us doing all these
activities yeah I mean yeah look I sit
right on the edge guys that's so cool
today it's just been super cool so far
it's only because only five past five
I'm so tired
anyway I'm exhausted well I'm not so
tired a 5 plus 5 I've even done it like
any activity here anything weird uh nose
bump cards yeah okay so tired after all
that bumping I don't know where we're
going to go for dinner today isn't there
like is 18 restaurants on this place 18
restaurants exploring time there is a
music hall what is that oh wow there's
like Gabe's are my people performing
unfair
except so cold
Jim was playing the new iPhone game I
found the other day it's good one
and his about beat your score alpha I
did for my first code that's not bad
oh is that your twelfth go so was it
your first like at end of the game you
played it for half an hour
I'm playing it for about three minutes
you just got to dinner and we didn't
know what side orders he ordered one
impersonal starter lovely thank you and
there's so much room I don't know what
it is it looks so good
and the best thing is that is on a
little spinny table currently nice this
dark blue skies I'm active duck is the
one what do you go for Jim I have right
all right looks like a little steak yeah
it's like a steak thing with sardine
title stuff is it good yeah I remember
this book was good these guys got
chicken tikka masala which I'm kind of
jealous of you have the same as men yeah
we're good choice look how much duck
there is I'm so happy we are sailing the
Seas the quantum of the Seas
but it doesn't even feel like it's
moving this is incredible it's so much
fun
Oh what is this macaroons truffles
chocolate
yes zoiy we need one of these put into
our house if you're watching oh look how
cool it is
ah yeah literally the bed I'm having
this was for an arcade now what was this
one three I want to play all of these
this looks so funny oh wow
Jim you're gonna love this one man how
cool is this talking about earlier in it
what is taken I'm sure go Jim go I think
I may be about to join the race are you
ready
fire
burnout that table-tennis there's
everything actually everything on this
 I mean everything temperatures but
we're going to play the game where you
have to hit it and then bomb on the
table and then hit it and run on the
table you guys
thank you guys we are going bowler
blading or skating which everyone it is
Jim you're gonna be good at this I'm
summary Oh
I haven't done this in so long guys my
jeans are so tight though I'm probably
going to rip them normal again
gum again me go go Morgan go Morgan
thinks she's gonna 360 guys go on haha
no no Bianca go Jim
go please you're trying to catch each
other this is so cool wait I don't even
feel with it we're on a oh so nigga
oh yes show about this 360 guys left
having a cheeky little drink just before
we go to bed
I'm so tired that has been an incredibly
long dead how much does it feel like
we've got done Lowe's we've literally I
don't even we've done so much it feels
that we've done every single activity on
the boat yeah but there's still we have
so much look we've done like nothing
yeah like we've actually we haven't done
the sky guiity thing under the surface
area and the wall climbing we haven't
done the North Star thing just so much
but I'm gonna do that in the main
channel video I'm going
yes do yeah I mean I don't they do it so
you do care you get so much because
you're me you're in the video this time
as you go come for Less jimJam oh my god
new happy days did you stop before me no
maybe not I know you even did it must
you did it when you had that change
Kisha oh my god unlike my Rosie I'll see
in the morning member as I said at the
beginning of the video guys
earlier on I am going to take part in
Movember which is all about reason
awareness for men's health and by doing
that you have to grow a massage for the
whole of November that's why it is
Movember moustache November and yeah so
I will leave a link down below like I
said earlier where you guys can go Nate
dope but I can't even speak where you
guys can donate and I'm going to try and
follow as many of you back who do if you
comment when you donate your twitter
name I will try my best to follow your
back I said that earlier and there was
like hundreds of you that donated within
like an hour but yeah I will do my
absolute best I can't promise that I'll
follow all of you but I will try and
follow all of you that is my aim yeah
I'm going to go and clean shave now
because that is part of the deal you
have to shave everything off to be able
to wake up with a brand spanking new
face on the first but I'm not going to
let you see what I
like I will see you tomorrow morning
guys with a baby face thank you so much
for watching this video guys if you did
enjoy then give it a big thumbs up if
you're excited to see what we get up to
on this ship which is going to be so so
cool nice little holiday away with
Morgan and Jim then give the video a
thumbs up as well I will see you
tomorrow I love you guys so much I am so
sleepy getting that guys
