No yeah good morning
as you just saw I have been to the tip
emptying heck loads of rubbish all the
cardboard that means they were used to
like pack all the stuff like look all of
this this is now my office look how much
messier it is now basically everything
also guys almost twenty plus one but I
didn't like about it I woke up at like 9
o'clock you know when you're like tidy
in your bedroom and to be able to tie
the two bedroom you have to make it even
Messier first to like properly unravel
everything and then gradually it gets
tidy again means very with this whole
house were at the stage now where
everything is like the messiest it could
possibly be
but then in like a couple of days
hopefully it's going to be the tidy so
it's gonna be ever so yeah today I don't
really have too much behind I don't
think what am i doing today let me try
and think what I've got to do edit not
load the daily vlog and I think that is
that it might be going for lunch now
with a friend I want to quickly edit and
upload the daily vlog just so it's all
done and sort of you guys honest on time
so that's what I'm going to do now over
here but yeah I went to the tip and we
emptied all the cardboard and all the
rubbish from moving both - those flats
into this house Zoe was doing a meet-up
so she couldn't be there let me my mum's
did so much in it took like three
journeys in her 7 seater car there was a
bloomin lot of it right I'm gonna get
editing this video so I finished up all
my editing on my daily vlog and I've got
it on my laptop but my laptop hasn't got
a charger as you know it broke the other
day sorry for noemi's for a few days so
now it's time to go grab some lunch
we're
J and Morgan and then I'm getting get a
new charger whilst I'm in town as well I
think we're all running late J was
purposely late hey Hayden literally in
town a forget struct once on one person
oh if I get stopped now from one of you
recognizing me in town then everybody
starts looking why is this person have
enough pictures on me and then loads of
you stopped me so I always whenever I
get stuck once I get stopped by like 20
or 30 of you and it's so cool just then
getting to chat to all of you and
because I didn't realize it's halftime
at the moment so nobody's at school and
college and things like this whereas
Easy's and we just want the most food
you ever seen in your entire life got
the biggest like comparison to my hand
Morgan has got to broccolis know I like
properly deciding I like is it long-stem
towards them I don't know got pizza che
copied me went for the same thing time
joking che or did it outside
yeah sounds good on one of the same
we've got no bread bin as run everything
bread bin that's why it's cool
it does have a little bucket handle yeah
there's no finish up lunch guys and
we're just uploading an apple store
because we still don't have internet at
the new house yeah these guys you know
the amount rounder people that they're
gonna go ahead see that now it's that
self promo bro don't see my face of
course you can daily vlog darn right we
are talking about what TV series we
watch watch your favorite TV series cool
no one cares Morgan my favorite TV Mulan
don't we've revamped all of these
where's Locke where's Lion King where's
lion came
that's not lying conditioning the
rerelease liking a 3d that's what I want
to watch
there's no hair is that
but it's close enough don't worry
Bambi's pretty damn good this is really
actually really good have you seen this
Yeah right
EXO I'm using now it's so sick I love it
right I want to try and buy do they sell
or in just new black cost man so you're
trying to find some toys guys I think
I'm gonna buy this me and Zoey to have a
game which already likes shooting them
down but look at the I think that's the
one this tiniest little helicopter look
at it guys I bought it and it was the
best decision ever it maybe cost me a
little bit too much money it cost more
like 30 pounds but I think it was worth
it right
sorry can you film this for me okay I
think it's run out of battery plug it
back in oh you only charged it for about
five minutes
who's always trying to learn French
Maddy speaks in French is she doing a
good job don't remember the last time I
blogged as per usual because it has been
quite a while and I just had a bath with
Zoey hopefully you can't see in the
reflection anything them just in my
boxers but very night said a bath and is
what vibe you go right to the top of
this house there's a bath that's like
that kind of shape like
Sammis no not semicircle that's a bit
extreme you guys know what I mean and
I've always thought that they're going
to be uncomfortable but that was the
comfiest bar I've ever had I loved it
I'm just packing now not going to tell
you I'm gonna leave it till tomorrow
it's gonna say tomorrow's episode that's
weird
and my vlogs episodes till tomorrow's
day do tomorrow's daily vlog I'm not
going to tell you why but I unpack in a
crazy amount of camera equipment and
another youtuber is coming with me we're
going on a really cool fun trip I'm not
gonna tell you where I'm not gonna tell
you why but we're filming a video and
I'm packing all the camera equipment I
possibly have so I'm gonna go to sleep
now because it is currently 11 o'clock
at night and I've got to leave that
eight o'clock in the morning so I've got
to wake up at like 7:00 tomorrow so I
want to get lots of sleep yeah thanks so
much for watching today guys hope you
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up as per usual let's try and beat the
amount of thumbs up that we got
yesterday's vlog I think so far it's got
twenty five thousand thumbs up which is
crazy
so smash that like that button down
below let's see how many we can get I
will see you tomorrow I love you so much
goodnight guys
