so the one thing that everybody's been
saying in the vlogs recently that I
haven't been doing oh my god literally
think I might just not have my too far
oh my gosh did you hear that I think we
might have to stop the morning back
flips oh my gosh it's not that I'm in
pain cuz I didn't hurt cuz I hit my
tooth but I'm so scared that my tooth is
now gonna fall off my mouth ah did you
think you might now be wobbly no more
morning backflips I'm joking of course
we always swear I'm starting all of my
vlogs here now good morning guys good
morning Hayden it's actually lunchtime
at the moment I've been in the office so
I got tons of stuff to do a future
merchandise some really really exciting
products coming coming soon should I say
and also saw that tons of stuff to do at
hello world so if you come into that get
excited just been on the phone for like
ages sorting out some really cool stuff
and now just sat down for my lunch which
is salmon quinoa all need some soy sauce
and carrots in hand and what like quinoa
and carrots a food prep the salmon and
the carrots a couple of days ago two
days ago so that's why it's so random
and there's not any other veg okay are
you coming back with me then you come
with me to the office come on
my head today is literally like a fluff
ball my tooth is actually okay I
honestly did think for a second that it
was like just gonna fall off that really
worried me and now I'm probably doing
that isn't helping me and I'm eating
frozen chocolate like this is rock solid
and it is time for me to sit down and
edit the vlog I've got a lot of footage
because if you saw yesterday's video
you'll know that it was a double from
the day before like I mixed two days
into one so I've currently got 56
minutes of footage to edit before my
next meeting
I haven't even worked out if I will
manage to go to London tonight or not
but I've got tickets to Sara's show
tonight in London need to try get
everything done so that I can go tonight
just about to jump in an exciting phone
call somebody that I've wanted to get
speaking to for a while I've also got an
office park today
let me see you jump there come sit with
me oh you're taking all the seat
tomorrow see you later
super successful day at the office today
I would go on the trampoline and do some
tricks but I ain't knocking my teeth out
I want to get these in my mouth such a
lovely evening
I still haven't decided on what my plan
is for tonight I was meant to be and
I've got tickets I was meant to go and
see Sarah close tonight perform in
London I didn't think I was gonna make
the Brighton ones I bought tickets to
London as well then I did make the
Brighton show and now voice what she
gets the London show so I don't know Wow
someone is someone's rowdy what's up
what's up just want to say hello so I
don't really know what the plan is I
don't know whether I'm gonna go to
London I mean it's already 7:00 p.m. how
is this even I mean it kind of doesn't
supply
as me but it did surprise me but it
shouldn't of support you'll see this has
just turned up at the house
what is she barking at what you're
barking at what do you want she ran
there in this box here is a Norway
spruce eight-foot tree with LED clear
lights in September so here's the
Christmas tree turning up to eleven six
Christmas trees this year and one of
those Christmas trees is fake and that's
the that's the fake one that's gonna go
here as you walk in it's gonna go down
there and then apparently having five
are the real Christmas trees there's
this isn't me I mean I love Christmas
don't get me wrong a half so you love
Christmas but Zoey he loved Christmas
another level we got a pretty full
fridge today who had a food delivery
this morning so I want to cook some cook
some good food up I'll have some of
these I'll have some broccoli
I don't like peppers I wish I did but I
just don't don't really like tomatoes
mmm love that stuff in there for Percy
it's goes I love a couple of carrots but
I'll leave them p.m. and I won't meet
this chicken and kale pasta and dinner
is served
wait if she it has Missy you need your
dinner oh no come on then let me give
you yours are you gonna wait nicely no
miss it not Nala that's naughty no you
wait I know you're annoyed but you have
to wait nicely done and good girl trying
to be naughty trying to eat that food
right take number two that's gonna have
my dinner your this look proper black
than warring inside here those chicken
and kale which we get would lay on the
sofa together to watch The Simpsons at
what time was that sorry quarter to
eight well God didn't obviously to eat
and then I kind of just woken up now and
so as early on the sofa at 11 o'clock
just woken up I'm so hot and so tired my
friends at no charge
it's about 7:00 p.m. I feel so out of it
like I don't know what's going on you
sleepy as well you tired why don't you
lay down oh good as though she doesn't
know to sit up or lay down she looks so
sad lay down Missy she asleep sitting up
come on lay down
oh she whopped bed knowledge we get to
bed we're just going to bed and we're
watching Fern Gully which I've never
heard before I don't know what is going
on this is some kind of like bizarre his
childhood film
okay
