good morning guys I don't know I sing to
you every morning because I can't sing
but I like to sing good morning because
then it puts me in a good mood just put
my shoes on and getting ready to go down
for some breakfast today was absent no
one missing today
yesterday I mean was absolutely awesome
but reflect on it and looking back but
flattened what can I speak reflecting on
it and looking back at the treasure hunt
kind of thing the scavenger hunt them
that I did with everyone it was insane
like you guys were turning up some of
you and literally like 10 seconds I do
not understand it and today is the day
today sorry I'm doing other stuff I'm
putting like my camera in my bag and
stuff while I'm speaking to you
multitasking yeah boys say people said
the boys can't do it I can do that or
now I concur I just stopped speaking
more clipping up yes today is the day of
my book signing and I'm so excited for
Mike so excited I just don't know how
many people are gonna turn up like you
can never tell whether there's gonna be
like 20 people turn up or whether their
skin about 10 people turn up whether
this can be like 10,000 people turn up
or whether they're similar 200 people
turn like I have no idea how many of you
are gonna come and that is so so
exciting to me I'm also doing some
really really cool stuff beforehand so
you're gonna see what I'm getting up to
but the book sign is actually 905 in the
morning I mean up by 12 o'clock and I
think that deserves the thumbs up as it
is I just got up before two up and I'm
shaking I'm shaking let's do the weather
today actually together let's see what
it looks like oh it looks really bluey
through my camera but it's not
yeah actually looks all right it doesn't
look too bad you know right I'm gonna go
down my mum and Maddy already having
breakfast together downstairs so I'm
gonna go and join them no guys I forget
to film the food sorry about that
literally just eat it all you've got to
film any don't get the snapchat and hop
with the blog alright we're going up now
to go grab my stuff and get ready and
then we're heading now
to do my hair I need sorted out the
American people have such actually
probably quite quite a generalization
New York has such soft water like my
hair feels so different to how it does
in UK your warmth is so so soft
actually I think it's just because I
never write any embroider and we have
like chalky water look it really by the
sea and there's a lot of like chalk
clips and stuff I was shut up now need
to do my hair yeah
just did my hair done my hair did done
dead and we are now off oh it looks all
fluffy today we're now off to go to my
first interview or excited there's
always thank you
so just going into the first I don't
actually know what is but I know it is
it's the Wall Street Journal apps the
one thank you
guys it's currently twenty minutes to
eleven and you guys are already tweeting
me saying that you're in the queue this
is absolutely insane
that's all good guys I wasn't allowed to
film in there but I think the piece is
kinda like a Monday it was cool I just
couldn't afford any of it to give away
what was being shown in there to
interview itself and now I am are for
lunch
mom this is proper New York so much
nicer than when it's raining right you
could jump straight back in this car now
and go for lunch look at there we'd be
in the ultimate tourist everyone's got
their cameras out oh I'm going for it as
well there's Maddie's being the ultimate
tourist I don't know if I'm happy about
this she wants a magnet and look come as
choice there is this is insane
- you should get one business mum
Maddie's going for this one for Grandma
you're gonna get that little one yeah
no no copying not yet $59 just finished
up lunch with an absolutely amazing
viewer somebody that watches my videos
who's so so awesome just had lunch a
plan a family because she's visiting
from Essex at the moment and I was lucky
enough to hang out there and get to have
lunch in pair so Olivia if you're
watching thank you so much for letting
your brother
awesome Jordan that was amazing I love
to have a lunch of you and thank you for
inviting me obviously I'm now going in
to
there know what building is I think it's
the people versus butchering to the
people that produce my book living here
in America because I mean with the
cameraman who's filming me today like
kardashian-style and sign some books
it's time to get signing so I've got
three sharpies you look Wow Comic Con
sharpies that's so cool
aren't specialized twins bug shop is
just signing some books now guys check
this that's so cool
looks like live tweet feeds as well just
finish up another little interview piece
and now we are heading to do some
shopping
I've got Jay with me at the moment how
you doing
Jay's filming some stuff hey stop it
Jay's filming some stuff today I'm also
trying to stop all this actually my life
is stopping things into bags as tight as
I can right there I'm never gonna go to
Starbucks now and then just do some
shopping and cheering he's just like
filming the day film at the book signing
no just gonna hang out daily blog has
just gone live from second Starbucks
how's your Starbucks today yeah
yesterday mom we think Jackson he took
somebody else's drink he was sitting
there for like five minutes and she was
like it must be mine they must have just
put the wrong name on it because
nobody's taking that we don't think it's
a
there's some shopping yeah
50% Oh
let's do it one thing that sucks we've
been over here guys you see cool things
like look at that how nice would that
look on our wall but I can't just put
that suitcase and take it back I've got
two things so far guys like a big jumper
a nice little need to teach that
American urban outfitters is the one is
so there but there's so much choice in
so many nice things I just love all the
little bits as well like not even the
clothes just the random things that
they're self
everything I want everything in here
guys local moms found what are they
humans let me say more even is that
No this section is weird trying on some
new clothes I like to suggest weight in
America because I just tried on a jumper
which was a medium down there loved it
perfect trying to t-shirt which is also
medium and is rich like the smallest
thing in the entire world it came up to
Alec here right there and then it was so
tight and tiny and that was a medium and
now this one got on now which i think
looks good is a small like America
yellow what's happening your sizes
medium good medium bad small good what
is going on but never normally wear
anything like this but I think this
British go so long sleeve even though
it's got like strips down the side and
little buttons but I really like it
this is quite sick as well this is just
like super baggy and cozy and not
something to just throw on Vina I never
wear v-necks but I think this is quite
cool this shop is by this balloon
you know billions go out and they like
gradually like flock their sagging joke
and they just always have to constantly
fill those up sweets in color order this
is a my OCD heaven this in color
coordination though cuz I've made a new
friend
I don't that she's too happy there's
literally like every childhood toy in
this aisle like kids birthday parties
just yeah the themes from every kid's
birthday party in just like Pokemon
angular Toy Story everything this shop
is so cool but if I can't believe I got
matching hats on no we broke yo there we
go there now can hear you if I could
take one of these back to the UK for a
media buy it so would she would love oh
my god they're literally the size of the
kids look at that
alright guys it's time we now go into
the signing weather we're still at
what's the time at the minute five to
five o'clock we still got two hours into
the signing begins and we're gonna meet
some contest winners meet somewhere
often out in the book signing and just
prepare and get ready
we're in Barnes & Noble now they've
literally got these ladder guys our
employees only walk and so the arson
 go on them later
that's so cool can I go on one of these
yeah this is so cool I'm happy now my
life is complete this one so cold one
minute
that's so sick so I'm just chilling
backstage in a little green room thing
and I've got these like autograph copied
stickers so I thought I'd sign a load
but all of these and the ones on the
floor down there books for you guys so
that if you ever just randomly walk into
this barn ennoble then there may be
assigned one for you right I've got to
sign these about dropping them what why
have I done
what about no not so I'm with the
competition witness now hey what's your
names say some stuff whatever you want
to say how long have you been here oh
yeah so crazy you guys are mad I'm
Samantha and I just shut out too good
for yourself high-end look and I've been
here since I got on a train at 30 miles
almost wait for the train to get here
that's what I mean I'm late for
everything so so again hi I'm Morgan
I've been here so accident is amazing
it's so strong I love more again and I
wanna shout out to Ashley Kaylee Carly
Frankie and Jenelle oh yeah great
meeting you
we're gonna get some pictures nice yes
this is great see moms hugging people
this is rare
thank you so much for coming thank you
so much yeah let's do it thank you yeah
let's do it
some people who have really really fired
down the line outside and just dropped
off some presents to one of the managers
at the shop so thank you so much whoever
gave me all of this stuff
I'll open and read the lecture in a
minute on all those sleeves so excited
also literally about to begin any minute
I'm so excited to meet you all
all right let's do this it is Meetup
time hooks on it aren't you excited
for like an efficient desk and everyone
look at this
when did you get here 6:00 in the
morning you are crazy
I wasn't even awake at that point be
tired not have you have a tank office no
you're crazy how you doing ed thank you
so much for coming
what's your name hey this may be the
most crazy posted eyes it's like this
big thank you thank you so much you're
coming down
listen to how strong this one as actions
is she's lived me up 27 years you sound
like you know this Taccone journalist
you Jimin right there from cold as well
some sense them to my friends thank you
so much for coming
thank you so much man for the help
chairs oh thank you
I want to see that up it's going up
don't worry hey come on children start
tell people how they can check you out
how can they check you out
we works at this gym horse style I do
photography the video I can make it
happen I can make it beautiful just for
you guys look at these prints they are
so amazing you're awesome thank you so
much
look at this that is in sir thank you so
much thank you I'm like nearly at the
end now guys and I'm just having a nice
little water break and there's so many
of you still out there and Outsiders oh
it is crazy and I think I am gonna get
to meet all of you which is super
excited this is just some of the
presents that you brought me how insane
is this mum so amazing meeting so many
people mums like hugging every single
person I feel sorry people are like your
mum's so funny and I'm that I'm so sorry
they having to put up with her guys and
everyone knows Maddie ever it's so cool
it's just like one thing family look at
this little girls ha the last two people
were book signing Olivia and Natalie
we've waited for so long thank you so
much for waiting over this time guys and
I hope you enjoy the book as well thank
you so much I love you yeah oh wow you
look so amazing
oh you guys are the best thank you so
much just finish that that was insane
so many presents guys that I can't take
them up to the hotel because I'm not
going to fit them in my case so we're
having to get them shipped back to the
new house which is awesome but it
doesn't mean that I won't be up to go
through them for a couple of days or
something like that but don't worry guys
they're getting shipped and I will go
through all of them
I've got say guys went shopping earlier
I don't know how much I've logged a bit
but I got loads of crazy clothes the
American Urban Outfitters is on point
that was absolutely insane thank you so
much guys it's crazy that can come all
the way to New York and people turn up
to a book signing I don't even know how
many of you there were but there was
like I signed over a thousand books and
there was also some people that were
told they were told I didn't get to me
I think there was quite a lot of people
was like I didn't get to me but they
were told that it was a low chance that
I'm gonna get to meet me and then when I
left at the end they'd already left so I
saw if you didn't get to meet me guys
there will be a link down below if you
want to order my book for an American
link or from the UK link and stuff like
that or in another country even from
another country and yeah thank you so
much everybody that came I'm glad I got
to meet the vast majority of you and we
had like such a fun time it's just such
a crazy atmosphere like I was signing
for like four hours
but the thing is everyone so how're you
getting tired is your risk taking that
but because you guys are so positive and
so happy and like keep the vibe and
atmosphere so awesome I don't get tired
whilst doing it I just get thirsty or
need a wee that's all but I don't
actually get tired so yeah thank you so
much keeping so happy and nice did you
enjoy it mum yeah you guys yeah you guys
really were hugging my mom and saying
hello to her and stuff like that and I
got as you saw so many gifts and you
guys don't have to do that I never ever
expect that and like that is insane and
their to the point where having to be
shipped to the UK because I couldn't
take them back in my suitcase but now it
is what's the time how fast eleven
Podcast eleven and we are super hungry
so we're gonna go and try and get like
we think we want like a takeaway Chinese
that's something of a little bit dirty
but just nice is that it's dirty dirt
using like Grammys and not not healthy
just like a dirty take away like you had
really greasy
a dirty takeaway so that is the aim and
then I'm gonna crash you and just sleep
for like a year I though I know I'm
gonna have to get up early tomorrow
because we're gonna want to go shopping
because it's already time off right and
let's go get some food look at this
sniffing is apparently this hotel here
guys is the one who stays in a home in
home alone that's so cool
also somebody public Simon told me that
Emma Watson was walking around 78th
Street yesterday just casually so it is
now my mission to find Emma Watson and
kiss her I mean what I mean just find
her yeah and a hangout
we couldn't find any dirty Chinese guys
so you've had to go for this place which
actually looks super super nice all
right I'm gonna end the vlog now because
we just can eat and then I'm gonna get a
bed so thank you so much for today and
thanks to everybody that turned up to
come and see me sup it is so much fun
it's literally at one of the best days
ever and I'll see you tomorrow morning
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it good bite
