good morning guys how you doing
I've just got dressed and already and
today I'm wearing like little jumper
because it is still raining in New York
thank you so much America for having me
in your country and then raining when I
get hit it's like a boy with me
I've got machines on got my boots on
again because these like you and your
slightly waterproof on issues I've got
it's currently owner that's English time
what's the time on 8 o'clock I'm up
before 12:00 he excited today ma'am no
because I have to because you've got
like interviews and meetings and stuff
like that right we've got breakfast now
downstairs the hotel so let's go get
some food because my breakfast has
arrived I've got like a meaty omelet or
something looks so good I'm obsessed
with this room guys look how nice it is
there's like so much room right let me
show you out the window SEC it's so cool
look opposite how nice that building is
new york city center well that's bit
rainy today yellow taxis yellow taxis
we're now going off because i've got
today i am basically doing don't evolve
m'kay
today i'm basically doing like a
scavenger hunt so what I'm doing it's
super super exciting all of you guys
that live in New York I'm basically
going to different locations in New York
signed copies of my book and I'm going
to give hints at where I am and the
first group of people that come up and
meet me and get a free signed copy of my
book and hugged in the vlog you and
stuff like that which is going to be
super fun and then I've got a couple of
interviews with different magazines and
articles and places like that I don't
know if I'm allowed to say who yeah but
you'll find out during the day I'm
guessing so I just got to meet somebody
now who's gonna come round with me today
and help me do it all
okay so just given hint number one guys
and this is my tweet see what people are
saying
so let's use quite the first location
which is the Rockefeller Center and I
was like no one's going to because
everyone's at school or college or work
I get out the car like ten seconds
kitty turns out thank you so let's get a
hearty thank you so much
what what you working the moment she is
a super cool guy what did you say is it
good yeah I think that's one thing means
are we coming back in December
no no we want to see like that show
really bad muddiest Coney Jolie has come
to New York soon in December we can hang
out with it awesome thank you so much so
we're now in Times Square guys I've got
like an hour until my interview so then
we just got some time to like hang out
walk around and things meeting kitty
just there were so awesome she was so
quick I literally got out the car and
she's there straightaway but look at all
of this
my mom and Matty have never been before
they're lovin it
looky there
because Vienna Starbucks mom has never
had one before not in the UK in nowhere
so we're making a get one be excited
guys look good morning america is
literally film there and then we're
outside that's so crazy guys in Toys R
Us they have a full-on ferris wheel
buddy
this is so American guys this is also
where they feel Devil Wears Prada right
finish up that interview guys that was
awesome I will put a picture up on the
screen now on what it was that all I was
doing Teen Vogue and as you're watching
this it is more live so you can go to
that website and check it out with that
interview now it's so much fun and they
showed us all around the stoop and sorry
and now we've got the cause you're never
stopping jihad second drop of bias is at
the library so interesting back in the
car now and I've tweeted saying what did
I - it's a mighty two lines two lines
and a heckler two books to give you guys
the hint of scavenger hunt number two we
just right here right now so we'll see
if anyone's there all right let's see if
anyone's here that's the library there
guys you got our first person nice to
meet you you're number one some other
people just stand up hey you guys are
all so quick I literally did that like
one minute ago they're all here that was
so crazy guys it was like maybe 30 of
you that turned out we've been like 2
minutes of me tweeting I don't know how
well you can get somewhere so quickly
you guys are like the best ever
I think now I've got another interview
ooh it's ripped this one and then after
that I think I'm gonna be doing another
or loads of Huddle's another book drop
off scavenger hunt it's gonna be cool so
you just come somewhere for lunch now
guys and this wall is like a waterfall
or like there's water coming down here
and it's so good there's like divers
diving down it for example in this build
chap here but they stopped leaning
forward like in a diving position and
they gradually Kerr around and go
straight into the dive so so oh I don't
if you can see I mean they're like they
come down
into your diet it's the whole world
anyway the women money was bullet
I sue against Ibaka moly which is I've
never seen yourself like this before
that's so cool
that's the most work money I've ever
seen in my life
first to spy for me dog
enchiladas we've got one beef one
chicken and one being it looks so nice
manis taking pictures finished up lunch
guys that was absolutely delicious
Mexican and we are now just walking
around the corner we're not gonna get in
the car because we've got like an hour
to kill before my next interview so what
we gonna do is we're gonna do another
level drop off for you guys
another little scavenger hunt thing
mum's got the smallest umbrella in the
world you're gonna get soaked my
umbrellas like just from the hotel is
massive anyway we're going
Amy who works for the publisher company
is in charge of today Wow
the shower man he's allowed duck I don't
when it's covered you're hunting and
these guys are the first ones thank you
so much for coming in thank you so much
I hope you enjoy your bird doo-doo oh I
finished up number three I believe that
was awesome three lovely girls who came
straight away I live nearby and we are
now off to film a TV interview which is
exciting I didn't know a student and he
achieved that wall that doors just
opened I would do nice doing a TV out
here in America so that's crazy
and on American TV we're just going into
the studio now when the makeup room guys
it's got one of those mirrors with all
the lights around it don't door also
just met Michelle Phan so forgot to
block of her cute picture right now
there you go just met her oh is this my
copy nearly left it on the side she gave
me a copy of our new book guys which is
either out now or coming out she's just
doing a book tour she come to Boston
tomorrow and to do a book signing so if
you guys haven't checked that out as
well go check it out she's just released
a book she was so nice and she had her
mom with her as well so our moms were
hanging out right and he's going to this
interview guys this is the behind the
scenes of what I'm currently doing so
got everything little setup over there
little fake room I find it so funny
holding rooms are like fake like I
literally just filming my bedroom
these guys are sitting over here and
then the cameramen salmon an interview
it's cool this is fun
same time as what I daily vlog on this
one so I'm now inside edition guys and
look at all of this this is all other
where the magic happens that film we've
got camera crew over here in front of me
filming me right now this is this is
cool I've got this implies this actually
I think this is what I used to film with
it's crazy you never really see desks
like this in the UK like little booths
this place is called Washington
Washington Square Park
alright I'm downtown you guys been
asking for downtown side this is Rory
out just waited now and rumours are the
first ones well done guys oh hey what's
your name yes Lee thank you thank you so
much for coming thank you somebody else
is wrong from class from library
skipping revising and working for me
okay okay thank you so much for coming
thank you thank you so much
you guys stay warm to this arch is so
pretty I love it oh hey you know not to
me and hang out thank you so much for
coming in guys look how good this
drawing is thank you so much that's
awesome
buddy let there's a Starbucks now Jacob
we're off to the last drop-off now guys
no I left mums phone charger in the TV
and relax then we are off to Grand
Central Station for the last drop-off
which I'm so excited about I love it in
here this place is so cool boys
absolutely love it I wish there was
buildings like this in the UK but look
how high that ceiling is I can't even
describe to you it's so crazy what what
do we do see see how that you are right
anyone we talk about how in lips and you
some some offices don't have floor 13
because it is fun laughing also still
lost the little like knob in charger
thing and the charging wire let's hope
that it's in here
please no I did lose it
it's my dad's as well but I'm literally
about to wet myself I need to come for a
week all dressed and change and
everything I put my hair like this
because I just wash it and I don't have
time to dry it so it looks ridiculous
and look like I've got the biggest
forehead ever but I know I do I'm all
just wearing some like casual clothes
now we're going out for dinner just me
Maddy and mom I think I think I might be
meeting up with some of the boys later
who are over here but everything but I'm
not too sure because they want to go to
the cinema but I feel like the end of
the cinema when I've come all the way to
New York is a bit of a waste so I'm not
really too sure got my camera my new
camera with me
because I want to take some nice arty
photos oh one sec mum I need to go back
into the room
give me one without my camera this one
is flashing battery I need
get a new vlogging battery this is so
crazy this restaurant so this is our
table and we sit down and someone cooks
the food in front of us
so cool it you saw people do like
awesome tricks but egg yolks Oh can't
walk yeah I'm not used to this map yeah
that meal was amazing and now we go walk
down to Times Square it's checkout a
nighttime more Times Square at nighttime
guys look how thick it is
don't comment on the hair guys just got
out of this uber now and it is weird
Louis
basically I forgot to tell you a meeting
up with Louie and then and some other
people as well and literally told me to
meet me on him on a pier so there's
boats all around me and on somewhere
called pier 60 don't have a clue
apparently there's a bowling alley here
we're going bowling but um yeah the hair
I basically double jolted I didn't wash
my hair this morning and I just put gel
on top of gel and that was the worst
idea ever so my hair has gone crazy so I
kind of just like whipped it back and
just tucked it away so nobody can see it
not realizing that I now look like a
spam head well I've got to find this
Bowlin place
here's 60 don't have a clue just walk
completely down the pier the wrong way
but some kind man just told me that it
was here yeah yeah yeah I do
good man today okay yeah yeah I'm good
have you been is again quite your car
man yeah I want that guy so these guys
all the rubbish these boys versus girls
I came in to have one go so far wait for
it
strike strike first time strike come on
Lorraine
you got the gutter yeah what's that
about man
guys look at Louise level of daily
blocks you are insane if no he gets this
is a triple strike no I thought that was
it boy Luo man
when's the best time any of us come men
no pressure
take two
that was good
I been just gonna strike now happy the
Gauss scoreboard guys and that's the
boys nearly baby noise
yo see you later man it's been good
hanging hopefully she have in the next
couple of days
ciao ma'am like my hotel but my hotel
okay I'm gonna have my book here because
my mom is asleep in the room and I don't
want to go back and I wake up my
forehead looks so shiny and big in this
lighting I can see in that right thank
you so much for today guys thank you so
much to everybody that came to my random
little meetup things that I did giving
away books to you as you are the best I
cannot wait for tomorrow or later today
actually because it's currently 1:00 in
the morning
I'm so excited to meet you all at my
book signing and I hope you will enjoy
it and now it's going amazing so I will
see you tomorrow my visual new your book
signing is gonna be in tomorrow's vlog
give the video thumbs up if you enjoyed
this I love you so much
good night guys
