good morning guys although it is
lunchtime means err you've just been
spending the whole morning unpacking
unpacking I don't even know my hair
looks like unpacking unpacking I haven't
even had a shower yet since yesterday do
you not agree with me don't notice I do
you're not as if it's negative do you
guys agree with me
coke out of the glass out of glass
bottles just taste so much better like
there's something about it when it's in
a glass it's just delicious
right I think I'm going to make myself
or what seen these somebody bought some
cupcakes and guessing that was Zoey and
you know it myself a little sandwich you
guys haven't seen the kitchen yet as you
can see this is part of the kitchen
behind us there's also another part of
the kitchen over there and then the
guineas are over there the little guinea
pigs and yeah you guys will gradually
see what the house looks like as we
daily vlog don't worry we're not going
to hide anything from you you will see
it gradually we're just not going to do
a house tour but you will see throughout
daily vlogs what is what and what is
where but trust me if you look to the
mode down there there was just a
gazillion Jillian cardboard boxes that
we haven't yet unpacked so it's not the
behind in anything it's just the place
is a complete mess at the moment but I'm
going to make myself a sandwich
what food have we got look the fridge
has got food in it I move out and move
in with Zoey and suddenly our food in my
fridge my old fridge used to literally
have milk in if I was lucky and that was
it and I've got my little sandwich here
my coke and my computer I have shut
myself in my man Dan cave then I've got
my door closed so nobody can come in
even though he's the only one in and
she's sorting out boring stuff like
house insurance and car insurance and
all stuff like that and yeah so I just
thought I'd tell you a little tip that
sometimes I do I try and do it every
single day I probably end up doing it
most days maybe like five days a week
and it just helps me out be more
productive because I used to be super
super lazy and now I trying to be as
productive productive
as I possibly can so every evening for
the next day or every morning when I
wake up I try and make it to do today
less and I have these little white
boards here and I write down everything
that I want to do that day that I want
to achieve or I want to accomplish or
that I want to do and I don't know
myself good to sleep in the evening
until I've done all of the things on
that list therefore got everything that
I wanted to possibly do complete it so
for example today I am going to a
Halloween party to my evening so I want
to go and buy a Halloween outfit for
that because if I forget to do that I've
got no Halloween outfit so I need ride
down Halloween outfit I also need to
write down edit yesterday's daily vlog
that goes up today and upload that so I
don't forget to upload my daily vlog so
yeah I've already got one of these
things on the list sorry if I'm boring
you but I just started explain it
properly because it might help some of
you out get more college work done or
more work done or more whatever you need
to do in life will you really hope to do
it like it might help you get it done we
are all dressed and ready to go and get
our Halloween outfits which I believe
was number two on my white board of
things to do today are you excited
where are we off to we off to ask that
to go and pick up our Halloween outfits
I hear they got some good stuff this
year last year we both wore ask for
stuff so let's go let's go all animals
oh yeah yeah it's going up tops in it
look good oh no I'm just gonna leave on
the street in the road leaving in the
garbage a nickname gesture was it better
why are you inside my bag I'm gonna get
you another I'm not starting you I love
you back I'm gonna get you on those ones
on wheels you're such a weirdo and what
was I saying oh yeah I'm also going to
knit to my mum and dad's house as well
because I need to upload the daily vlog
which it is currently 10 minutes past 7
so it's already 10 minutes late I know
three minutes past 7 if my daily vlog is
already 3 mins late so I'm sorry about
that guys but this is what happens when
you
have move house and you don't have
internet yeah yo yo new stop walk do
some thought walking we haven't even got
barely through the doors
we're not even into as D and Zoey is
already buying stuff what you buy-in ah
some twixes imagine if there's a pumpkin
big enough for me to get inside and that
was my out there hey this looks so good
wow there's a choose so you look how
much choice there is are you getting a
pumpkin wait I thought your default
pumpkins the other day there he is big
old boy wait should we get one each and
then carve them I want to get one oh
this is a cool one I think I might get
this little small guy oh that's a cool
one isn't
right let's play no sorry wait when you
go in come back we have to play like
this hop skip and jump over the pumpkins
on there yeah I know spider I'm scared
of spiders not near that one this is
when do you know what I wish and I'm not
saying actual wish just a tiny bit wish
that I had a kid for Halloween to dress
up eight eleven to twelve that's
actually quite good checking your fit in
that yeah Almighty reckon you would grab
it yeah by now to look at manly ones for
me if I'm not gonna I'm not gonna fit
into kids just you well this is call
keep it on I got a message she put on a
front door look how cool that is
they lick ones
Zuri sized ones and I'll just look at
some of these pumpkin carving kits
deluxe one the last one sorry that's my
one you can have you can have a pumpkin
I'll drop my camera
you all know their little car so you can
get that little one I'm gonna get this
massive one give it some tit you three
seconds to do your spin colony all right
let we'll share this one let's get this
one let's also get one of these ones
look good don't they let's get one of
each oh wait has this got like a little
book oh my god and then you aw you stick
them on and then you cut it out that's
really good idea oh my god
check they've got one yes I think our
three two four one two - three - four
would fit me you might be able to
squeeze into it
imagine ready get it yeah just shorts
there just wear shorts oh look at this
would people not take me very seriously
no if you're in a 3 to 4 yards outfit
maybe not so this is what I'm thinking
about my snacks on the train a 15 mini
bags is that bad Zoey so is it bad if I
buy one of these for the train if I'm
just walking along like the idiot
negative what is it the table runner you
mercy oh that is cool in a cobweb so you
told guys look how much I didn't forget
a little bit carried away of Halloween
stuff Zoey and they've got a tablecloth
all right I've run away guys don't know
to the
going into the adult stuff now think it
is over here what you buy in what is
this Zoey is obsessed with like festive
things look all of this I found all more
Halloween stuff my whole blog is just
gonna be Halloween stuff Oh both of
those down here and all of this side are
there they're really cute aren't they
wait so what was my costume again it was
like a skeleton too - yeah guys I want
this right my first purchase sorry is
this okay we can be like face paint and
fangs and something that I don't
actually know what I'm gonna go yet like
go as yet but there's so much here to
choose from I don't know what to fear I
like Tania with hate for that go away
this is the best thing ever
look at this lorry
why do you want that you ready to see
why I've got
oh my god that's so cool that sick isn't
it we can provide on toiler should we do
it this is the one that I think I'm
gonna go for guys just some like wrecked
up all loose looking like baggy thing
then I'm gonna do some blood on there no
I'm not wearing a hat
no and then I'm going to put our blood
near and then get all my face makeup
done and my hair some on trunk find some
hair dye awesome all good
guys we had to get two trolleys because
they bought a so much doubt nothing
caught nearly bashing into you I can't
do it of one hand just realize something
guys not only have I got to pack for New
York right now go to London film videos
all tomorrow for different people and
I'm going on TV tomorrow as well just
super excited then at Halloween party
then I go to New York and it's already
10 minutes to 10 in the evening and I
haven't had dinner no never got to do
all that tonight but when I learn back
from New York I go straight from the
airport to do my the first Amity fest
show and that's for three days I'm not
doing it back to back back to back so
I'm not going to be back at the house
for a while it's going to be just so a
WoW
I've got to pack tonight before I get
the train I feel like literally eight
days or something you should I'm making
a note like now I need to remember yeah
I need to remember things so it's just
laptop clothes passport wallet I think
to be like you've got the main things
you can unroll up I can always buy more
boxes in New York if I need to if you
forget your boxes also guys good then
kind of good good for me just happened
we bought so much stuff in Asda and then
I legit like honestly realize that I
forgot my wallet and left it home so
sorry had to pay for it all
thank you so much I'll pay you back very
fine I'll pay you back yeah
all right we're heading back now to the
house and then I got a pack like manic
why are you doing it Pat McMahon
Matt's not like crazy what you doing
happy Halloween
though is getting very very carried away
guys let me show you in here all even
just there on the door she's put some
blood oh and in here you go down to this
little toilet
he's pretty scary don't even comment on
the hair guys right
I have majorly messed up tonight so bad
Zoey what's the time 18 minutes past 18
minutes Ross 12 I start my shoot
tomorrow morning in London in Acton
don't even know where that is outside of
London or sand then West London at 9
a.m. I don't even know how I'm going to
get there
what time I have to wake up or anything
I was meant to say that's not I've got a
hotel booked in London right now should
be send in the hotel in Acton really
really first like a mile away 7 minute
drive from where the shoot is but stupid
me miss the last train so I couldn't get
there in time which sucks but I've
packed for America now and I packed for
a mighty fest I've got the most luggage
in the entire world - don't know how I'm
going to manage get all on the plane
this is what I'm thinking
I think we're gonna have to get a taxi
all the way to the video shoot tomorrow
at like 6 a.m. because if I get on the
train I've got so much luggage I'm not
gonna be able to hold it by myself
because I'm gone to America so I've got
that backpack then 2 suitcases and oh
this is such a mess I really really wish
I was just in London right now in a
hotel but can't change that right I'm
going to try and sort something out I'm
going to go sleep now as well guys so
thanks so much for watching say if you
enjoyed the Halloween shopping that
means I did and you're excited to see us
tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog
all dressed up and ready to go give the
video a thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow can I go to love you right
