good morning guys I am just mum trying
to pretend that it's morning time that I
got up early for one yes that was for
you know when to tell them that guys is
like 10 in the morning
ma'am I'm filming I'm joking it's half
past four
I just went for lunch lunch lunch
breakfast with Cosmo and Jim but I
forgot to charge my battery of this
camera so kind of didn't film anything
anyways me and my film in the second
video now you know we filmed that first
one the other day but I can tell you oh
no I can't tell you what this one is as
we do there well because we know it is
but it's not going up yeah I don't want
to give them give it away I can I'll do
your hint this is your hint this is a
really bad hint that's what I'm saying
right we've got film it knows I need to
use this memory card I'll see you in a
bit I am back at the house back to the
house back to the house I'm not going to
show you any of the rest of the house
yet because Zoe's away and she hasn't
filmed any of it yet either so that is
not fair but I thought I would show you
just my office and as we said before
guys we are not going to do a house tour
even though millions of interview
commenters then can you go house when
you can in your house to also just point
out
film with my mum with the most awesome
video ever like you guys are in for a
treat with the videos that I just shot
of my mum but I thought I would do a
little office tour just because yeah I
know you want to show the rest of the
house as I said you guys want to see
that graduated our blokes whether you
agree or disagree I don't really mind I
just don't want to do a house tour
that's not my thang that's not what I do
but I thought I would show you my office
since I will be vlogging here a lot and
to know my gaming videos narrates or my
vlogs in heads you know my main channel
it is in here and doing all of that
stuff so you come through this little
door and this is what it looks like
sorry it also just a bit eques guys
because there's not too much in here so
far so you come through and on your left
you have this which is a weekly planner
a picture which you would have seen in
my old flat and a little lamp min Jim
just built this today and yesterday so
here we have some cameras speaker a draw
what is in here don't glue the door
boxes a PlayStation 4 don't draw on some
more stuff this come to the door
stuff bumpin at all some more stuff dr.
ieong
samosa basically we've got some storage
because as you know I just have an
incredible amount of wires and your
gadgets and things that I just like to
buy they're like tweeze for grown-ups
like cameras and lenses and wires and
speakers and I don't even know the
batteries and charges and microphones
and stuff so that is my storage then if
you go here I have my two old desks and
on here I've got both my monitors as I
used to have before then I've got like
my iPad battery keys or normal stuff a
cup of tea very British I also oh but
got this which my sister and her
boyfriend gave me for my birthday didn't
they that's my little bonsai tree and
that bonsai doesn't have a name yet so
if you guys want to come and down below
name for my bonsai tree and it's special
I don't if you guys on another vlog if
you eat this which I don't think you're
meant to eat it but you can it's not bad
you eat a little bit of it makes your
tongue tingle anyways my gaming laptop
down here and my TV to film gaming
videos on so oh and another piece of art
which is by an artist called MV o IM b
ue and then some big doors that go out
to the garden but i'm yeah this is my
office so far obviously as you guys know
we only moved in the day before
yesterday so it's not full I haven't
done anything to it oh also through here
I have got dahm dahm dahm a bathroom
I've got a toilet sink and a little
shower and that is an herb which is
handy because I'm gonna have it or
anything a mirror on that wall because
then when I found videos I can do my
hair and my teeth and I don't have to go
to another room so when I'm like in my
filming zone like when I'm filming
gaming videos for example I can just go
in there I need a wee rather than going
out and which that door goes through out
into the kitchen so yeah this is my
little office I hope you guys like it I
think it's cool I got a little bin under
my desk as well down there my old office
chair
some stuff down there that needs to be
moved yeah I really really like it in
here we haven't yet got internet which
is making it very hard to upload all
these vlogs especially because there
everyday is like to go back to my flat
to upload the videos and stuff like that
but I think it's really cool let me know
why should do to the office I should do
anything in particular gets much special
art or put something here or there oh I
know I might put on there or over here
or over here you know in here Marcus
gave me marks know me for my alt not in
that door marks and when is it this door
marks them know me for my birthday give
me that which is the letter A in neon
lights so I should put that on the wall
out there that we really call anyways
this is my little office you'll see the
rest of the house gradually throughout
daily vlogs but right now I need to edit
yesterday's date evolve because it's
currently 625 I've got 35 minutes to
edit the vlog get a taxi to my old flat
and upload the blog all my gosh that is
rush then I'm off to oh I got my
slippers on as well then I'm off to
London tonight because I got something
very very very exciting happening
tomorrow I'm like crazy excited that you
guys will see that tomorrow
not going to tell you what it is you
probably see on Twitter because eyes are
watching this it's happened already and
you'll see on Twitter what happens then
yeah and tonight I'm going to end in the
hotel in London with zombie tonight
because you're both there tomorrow
morning and I think we're going hang out
with Tim and Tania tonight which we go
so I need to crack on with editing this
video so I will see you on the flip side
and back at those old flat and this
place is literally empty like there is
nothing or nothing here at all but
because the new place doesn't an
internet yeah I've had to come here to
upload before going to London it is
currently 8 minutes to 9:00 in the
evening this vlog should have gone up
nearly two hours ago now she's gone up
at 7 o'clock it's got four you can't see
don't do the door it's got three minutes
left to upload which is super close and
then I've got to go and get the train to
which is cold but this video is I'll
show you the thumbnail yesterday's video
if you haven't seen it go check it out
scored sneak prank and it's a Halloween
sneak brink and basically we were in
control of this big snake and the
Halloween event went to and Jonathan's
first go we have to like to scare the
public with it and it opens its mouth
and you can make it goats and stuff I
that and Jonathan Lawrence is it forward
and hits a woman in the head and knocks
her straight over like she's okay she
doesn't get hurt and she's just laughing
and gets up but it's literally a fully
grown woman and Jonathan just mashes her
hits us straight in the side of the head
as she falls straight over is literally
like the funniest thing I ever let you
know those moments where you're not
meant to laugh but she was laughing so
it's fine don't don't worry guys she was
laughing you can see in the video that
she laughs and she doesn't get hurt and
stuff and but it was so funny because
it's pitch black for her so she wasn't
expecting it and the snake just comes
out the fake bushes and just hits her
straight in the head it was like
hilarious I'm just uploading that now
two minutes left now come on come on
Kamal and the video is up and I am now
stalking Bryan Station is 23 minutes
past 11:00 so much later than what I
wanted it to be I wanted to get here
like 7 o'clock but gradually get to
London guy it's gradually getting there
guys I finally made it to the hotel and
I just had the most room service ever
like ever I had a hot chocolate and a
chocolate milkshake as well is delicious
whoa crazy why I love a frickin nuts
service I've ever known oh you had two
meals as well wasn't you just angry I am
I got food at the trench you shut up
this is my blog guys I let your 42 meals
on them service I'm joking and but this
room is like a sauna I need to get in
the shower I'm gonna have a cold shower
in a second I just finished editing now
the video and which is kind of on my
main channel of me and Tanya and
actually that's gone up today so there's
this video so if you're watching this
uneven down below to my new main Channel
video which is cool don't break the
chain challenge with Tanya and I'm not
going to say who won or lost but it's
against Tanya so you can imagine who
lost that right I'm gonna go see you
guys it's 2:00 a.m. what time do we have
to be up Zoey nine nine eight no eight
really 8 a.m. why I left you up in six
hours and I've got edit the state of log
as well as soon as I finish this I've
got to edit it because we're going to be
at the BBC Radio 1 teen Awards tomorrow
so I mean I didn't just say that because
I didn't say I was going to leave it as
a surprise
and I just ruined it okay we're going to
be at the BBC One radio no God even
speak BBC Radio 1 teen Awards tomorrow
which is super exciting Zoe's been
nominated haven't yay are you excited
yeah
she's been nominated for the best
bloggers and I'm going to be doing some
presenting stuff there on stage so
because we're there all day until like
6:30 in the evening please turn that
down one and login and just watch your
mark know what your marketers videos and
I need to get some sleep and I need to
edit that
before we go tomorrow because I won't
have a chance all day so I've got a long
night out of me
and then little sleep before tomorrow so
I'll see you tomorrow morning literally
in a few hours guys I will see in a few
hours thanks so much watching today if
you enjoyed it give it a thumbs up they
weren't really because they have to wait
24 hours for you in the next video
no but I'm going to be talking to them
in a few hours you see one not
technically after this just reminds you
something that you love me that it's my
blog and I'll do what I want when I want
Simon utter name that film written name
that from you guys my nose
that's just why did i do - Eduardo I'm
like we but yesterday promise you
Eduardo's growing up I don't I don't
know if children can make fully
understand you and I don't know ever as
a flute by swear on my life you did this
yesterday I went what and touched his
nose straight back instantly you went
and touch my nose back he's doing this
thing at the moment worried like he's
like that with your face oh no I
literally I went like this I went and
then instantly you went back on my nose
I was right
it reminds me but I think it's you
Skinner whoops got change readies like
right like recognizing people's faces
and I don't knows what they are so you
guys like this you really take it in my
face or did I get your site right guys
I'm going to end the video I want to put
my camera down I'm hoping holding out
for four minutes my arm aches so much
scene in hook weather I haven't seen it
oh my god you've never seen hook you go
tell your vlog about hook and I tell my
vlog about non hook stuff anyways guys
non hook gang I'll see to my love you so
much good night
