good morning guys I am back at the old
flap because as you know I haven't taken
myself out this black yet put into the
new flap don't worry I'm not sewing I'm
not living here slept raz√≥n last night
the first night in the new place me and
Tyler just here turns over here how you
doing I was just I'm good
I chose a concealer all over my yeah
we're going to film for this weekend's
video filming a club together and this
going up on is it going up on Sunday
well we all kind of are interested now
on TiVo but by the time they caught
gonna all you've done is just good for
future videos comment down below what
you liked so many time to do together
because we do have fun with yeah and
we've only film once I know the only
video we've ever filmed together was Kim
Kardashian was it Kim Kardashian maker
on your channel oh my god and then they
got mobile challenge on my channel oh
yes exactly
why oh we always just hang out yeah we
film is we because I've collab with like
Zoe and Marcus so much Jo maybe twice
Caspar maybe like twice luigi's only one
as well Jim how many times we in June
without like once or twice yeah it's
weird we want to film together that much
we need to all film more videos give us
ideas of original challenging ones that
nobody have done before yeah but we're
for me really and if you're a YouTube
and you're watching this you're not
allowed to do the video ideas from the
comments just me and Tanya yeah this is
our setup over here we're not going to
tell you what we're filming but we've
had to put towers down and we've got a
little camera and all of that not using
my new camera equipment yet because I
haven't received my new screen and
received my new cameras you go through
the other day and I'm so excited about
death I got many lens but I'm got my
screen for the top of it yet so I can't
use that just yet right we're going to
film now I need to put a top on as well
I just been iron in getting the creases
up money my new top it's not a new top
at this doctor where that's why I'm top
of this guy's tonight we've got the most
exciting thing happening but I'm not
gonna tell you what you'll see it is way
later guys
and we are in the car on the way to tell
you
now with these guys Sunday Street my
boys mr. Tully
miss basis like a horror experience I
don't if I explained earlier mr. Tong
management we went last time with Novi
and you guys idiot we work with are very
Zoe and Markus and we were so scared
alpha actually shut until no I did
everyone's gonna believe this is
according up later I go get a spoon how
did you sort that out though when you
show yourself I just took out my hand
yesterday the pillowcase on his head
screws until I needed students isn't
these guys it's a heck load of us as
you'll see in a minute I going there
tonight I'm gonna be scared just got to
are just got to the like VIP booth bet
these guys saw Edessa
Marcus's tried to get me four times
since we've got out the car this is so
cool the rest of the gang is here yeah
we're scared Anna doesn't think she's
gonna guess yet at all I didn't anything
everybody me you gonna get scared yes
yeah everyone's I know not cabbage oh
yeah let it be myself I you know me I
can smell poo is it you everyone is
scared guys an especially Anna is so
scared they're giving us a whole traffic
just to ourselves so you terrified
yeah
my alien friend they come for me I love
my eilean don't you have eyes got me so
scared
literally oh look at that guy
see I don't like out oh my god
guys you can see how glowstone is litchi
we just finished up the first one guys
and it was absolutely awesome
nothing on Casper man you like that no
man just there's some really exciting
things to tell the boy to it wait even
got banned up there a parent and a
sourcing your basketball through don't
pick up if you jump and drop them on the
head it's your own fault
this right all right there's someone at
that guy that will get to this guy's
crazy
oh my god passion no underwear on - boy
that's legit
just finished up on the second one that
was so sad but now I don't if you can
see me guys for going into a clown one
hold on oh yeah this is exam one this is
scary
someone going but don't I lead I
oh my god oh my god where's happening I
literally have no idea fusion guys in
this whole room or look at our look at
the end oh my gosh that was so so good
these guys are more scared the more they
thought they were a lot of them like
Jonathan I'm not gonna be scared what do
you look at this my god how good does
that look
it's literal it's like the most
delicious thing ever try to look for a
function girls yeah I'm dribbling a loss
he'll do good no or do they do okay they
they can they can take that on you Jesus
when you go scared you don't hurt your
brain you're going to save a vampire on
rice oh you're cheering gamma basically
to save a vampire calm guys and it's
wrong you explain to them what is that
shave vampire a vampire God is like
encouraging young people to give birth
because it's not enough young people
under the age of 24 given few old you
but basically not enough of youngsters
give blood so we should all give some
blood and go to save a vampire come tied
up in Bowl all right off to the next
attraction guys for dinner which one is
this way Joey this is the new scary walk
this is going to tunnel it's the new
scariest one apparently also Jonathan's
going to go on this later guys
not going
guys we're going in
I'm gonna run away from Anna haha boy
and has found a friend guys I don't know
what's going on there's a man with a
chainsaw in heaven
like the smell of a chainsaw oh my god
that was so loud and slow yeah dying the
feast flies are about to go mama if the
black hoods over our heads
guys this is weird
I think I just got attacked so this is
where the first tunnel is guys people
come outside and long hair I'm currently
backstage are we outside yeah
guys are done if you can see the
Jonathan's about to control the dinosaur
when Max is like this goodness yeah
horses make when you push her
are you ready John it's your moment
was that scary yeah they just run on
that massive thing your life spins
around I was too scared to go on it was
it scary
was that right that's right whatever you
get so I'm recording you though that was
so awesome guys we're now just heading
out all of us together best time ever
I'll see you tomorrow Amelia where's
daddy gone hi guys I'm tucked up in bed
now and that was so much fun
like honestly that place is awesome and
they looked up to us so uh so many of
you guys were there and it got a little
bit crazy time so they gave us things
like a little room to cheat in and like
when I got us food and gave us jumpers
and had let's scoot you walk BAM with us
and it was so awesome we've gotta meet
loads of new guys and yeah the events
were amazing so so scary and just thank
you so much to the guys Oktoberfest for
sorting it all out I leave their links
down below and yeah I think everyone had
a lot of fun sorry if you couldn't see
too much but it was very very dark
obviously in there because that's part
of it of the experiences yeah I'll see
tomorrow not sure I'm get up to tomorrow
or something fine I'm sure
and yeah I'll see you then good night
guys love you so much give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and good
night
