good morning
how you doing I just washed my hair and
I haven't had time to dry it or do it
yet so it is all floppy and messy don't
even think about coming in on that me
and Zoe all up and ready are you doing
have you ordered us taxi yeah yeah and
we are just going to go off this morning
to go meet up with Louise Tania Jimbo
Marcus know me Caspar and Joe and we're
all going to plan a mature fest which
I'm sure you guys know what this is by
that especially like would you like a
tour to meet those of you guys and we're
doing like a mini one first just to see
how it goes and what you guys enjoy
about in what you don't so that we know
for the future if we do more which if
you want more last night and we will try
and do more yes today we're going to go
rehearse for that but I'm for it and
make it as cool and awesome as possible
so let's go do that
oh yeah dickheads you dickheads
look at these two peasants guys look at
them what are we going in
oh hey Jones in a car I thought I was a
builder Clooney a dickhead we're just
rehearsing guys isn't it just riding my
donkey it's going to be too far behind a
mr. don't keep doing good how are you
doing Oh guys you know you can buy those
songs that are like secret socks kind of
things where they're like ah I've gotten
your by the light invisible because they
love it in this year
Louise Bale was because she wears the
shoes there tonight
look at her sauce yeah the guys lunch
has arrived got Thai green curry
Casper's ideas soup everyone's eaten
yeah but whatever how many you see on my
car oh no I did it that's it do you want
this one I haven't started it yet
is actually yours we're doing this run
so we just finished our lunch now guys
and would like to carry on practicing
and learning rehearsal and sweet at me
Hayden Valley wanna hear a story
yeah we talk about whatever you want
tell us the funniest story please Marcus
give Joe the topic of the story he's
gonna tell us one and as we had true
true story about nipples there we go
well funnily enough I think this man I'm
on a break here but when you're in the
womb you're actually a girl that's where
we have Nicholas you're born with female
genitals and male genitals but girls and
no chance of toes there there Willy paws
up or cools off in the womb it's just to
get your nipples and then your body's
like oh boy oh boy oh yes okay this is
my story though thanks for fighting me
it's a big guys this is meant to be nice
for my video tells the darker side Joe
that was a rubbish story but do you know
you guys Lily Anne's the three nipples
so is Harry how it's got four is it
iris going for nipples Harry good start
fine he needs to survive no son he's got
a good few nipples video has three
nipples
wait three is it on two in one boob or
just like journalist I do I think what
like oh she showed on the Friday night
project last banger that three yeah
normal once another one a lady yeah one
glow and scoop has one down here I get
it maybe that's two willies just one
extra high never know that's a really
terrible subject sorry Marcus next
subject broad beans
broad beans broadband broad beans well
my favorite beans it's May night and I
may learn a new thought fun
have maybe a loved one what about their
motor screaming oh hi preferable to want
to I did for a petite one because I've
been at the stream bits on the sides
their movements sorry me back to broad
beans
it's about BR Oh a DBE ans broad beans
ghost Renoir is we talked about you
giving us a ship subjects what I talk
about your last blog the whole line is
making like millions of pounds at one
point or sorry stooping you're like
summer ball that winning it good at the
casino or dropping money at casinos
another lie but we're going to go
rehearse guys and I'll see you in a bit
guys guys were making up secret
handshake again yeah yeah I know that
one I know that one goodbye Casper bye
man it's been lovely knowing you oh wait
we go no I'm just going lovely to see
you by Joseph solare man Casper's just
chillin over here
boy I love in that man dude yeah thanks
from as look at the
you're such an idiot looks sick
thank you how much I really like it I
feel like I might work for I mean oh
that's good good way to start the vlog
switch at Victoria Station now mark-ass
hey Dad
good yeah I'm Farrelly's sad a really
painful Oh sir
oh really right in that case I'm not
joking we're right here sir can you at
your seat Drakken can you sir
and then I I can see identify Cameron
kid really saw man people are watching
the vlog that was weird yeah I think
we're going to grab some food now and
then catch the train back to right on
who cure sorry
come on Alfie just go back to Zoey's now
guys that train journey was absolutely
hilarious we literally just laughed the
whole is that in my pocket
Oh Jamie Oliver's business card casual I
literally didn't mean to name-drop like
that um yeah we're going off to do some
secret project stuff now guys so how
long is it left for them Zoe one day
when they're watching this one day
well no watching it as you're watching
this video is happening so that's
happened one day one day guys
when I just feed it a little Percy hey
little man how's it going
Sookie between trimming his nails family
he loves it yeah absolutely loves it
which when trimming his nose guys he
then challenge our trip there's a good
trick look we did it we haven't tried it
negative hey hello man Oh chill
literally hey enough no so sweet so we
found that good trick guys if you feed
the McAra whilst you're cutting their
nails they don't mind
oh Allah team
job though yeah yeah I need one person
to distract the guinea pig on one person
to cut the nails I don't know any get
like my old guinea pigs hated having
their nails cut this one doesn't like it
and Pippin hates it even more so that'll
be interesting about show Zoey a video
that I just watched myself and I want to
see her reaction to it so I'm going to
film her okay
is that knit comb yeah oh god they all
knit in that comb let me just skip it
forward to the end
oh my god guys their knits on a knit
going from somebody's head did you find
that they're just they're just rushing
it you just brushing his head like no
look at that look at that look at the
God why are they not emptying the comb
and then going back through look look oh
me I literally feel like I have a lot
how does that kid like honestly how can
that little boy I feel so fitori for him
sit there and like go to school the way
ever he is with that on his head it'd be
like sort of a G I mean I had an itch as
a kid I kind of felt like everyone had
knit let you know stuff just pops up on
Facebook did you have knits
no I'm just scrolling down my facebook
and then it just popped up on Facebook
yeah it's called headline yeah I had
lice or nits as a kid once but maybe try
no I don't know maybe a couple of times
every one happened when they were
younger but that is next level I reckon
the most my mom ever gotten on a comb at
one time was like - no I don't even know
and she have to read I'm like yeah my
mom would be like doing it and then like
work one tissue and then I'll be like oh
my God look at that one
do you know what my mom used to do my
mom went to hate me for saying this but
she used to get them and used to get you
forget in between your two thumb nails
just got that and it would go cuz it
would like pop OH
they suck your blood on your head don't
they hold your neck yeah they do I don't
know oh yeah though the Duggars and you
can have a little blob bit you have a
little blood bits but also think this is
sorry disgusting guys I'm sorry like
black bodies because that's your blood
mmm yeah I want to UM wash my hair I'm
itchy
I don't know how much you can see me
guys but it is not what you know the
time for at 2:00 a.m. literally one
minute to two I thought he was like 10
to 12 Wow right I'm going to see guys
give the video a thumbs up only if you
want to if you want to you can do it the
option is there if you don't
Wow one two maybe was gonna play that
song so that because he wanted because
he wanted in that guy so see tomorrow
morning very very exciting day tomorrow
for you can see very very early very
exciting early day tomorrow I see you
bye
