at times today we have no milk this is
my breakfast center it'll cost a why are
you so smiley yes not funny
I don't like toast so he likes toast for
breakfast should I Drive for the shop
yeah I'm just going to go out this
morning Percy one inmate one another
good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you're having a lovely day
whatever you're doing wherever you are
whatever you're up to I've got yesterday
socks which is great this man put me
putting fresh socks on yeah I need to
kind of a shower but before I shower
need to go buy some milk trying to think
if I've any milk in my office that's way
closer than the shop but I don't think I
do
think everyone in the office drinks
almond milk so we're doing to come to
the shop with maybe a cute couples trip
we can go on a date to the corner shop
see in a minute I'll show you the
pumpkins since we came back from the
pumpkin place the other day remember how
big they were when we were carrying them
now they literally just look like the
right size because this part of our
house like the front entrance bit it's
quite big so the pumpkins if there were
any smaller would have looked strange
some so I'm glad we went to the effort
of carrying the biggest pumpkins what
was that noise
my car just made a pig noise before the
blog properly starts so I just want to
ask you a question
that will hopefully provoke a thought in
your head and that is why I was at a
leaders retreat it was called in the
woods a couple of weeks ago it was like
a day where lots of people met and
discussed what they're up to and why
they do what they do in the world and
stuff and there's lots of different like
questions and I don't know comedy dad to
describe it anyways the question of why
popped up a lot which is why you doing
what you do why why do you do it why do
you enjoy doing that why everything to
do with why and it really made me think
like why do I do what I do why do I make
youtube videos why do I choose to upload
every single day why do I do the things
that I do and what is the intention of
me doing them and what result do I want
from them so I guess what I'm saying is
take some time today no phones no
laptops nothing like an hour or two and
just have a think about why you're
either doing what you want to do or why
you're wanting to do what you're wanting
to do so if you've got a job and you're
working full time so for that why do you
have that job and really think about it
and if you are aspiring for a particular
job last chat to a guy the other day you
wanted to work in the city in the back
of a really really intense mathematical
what was the exact name of the volume a
set that you need and there was some
role that he was doing and he said the
only reason he wanted to get that job
was for money that was it and that
really shocked me because money isn't
like thinking wrong everyone wants to
earn good money but it's never been the
incentive for me I don't know I just
wanted to pop that word into your head
of the word why have a think why you do
what you do or why you wanna do what you
want to do it and I hope that I hope
that fuels I heard that I hope that
sparked something in your head anyways
I need to go go and get some milk now
from the shop
cheers everybody are you ready yeah
that's nice of you good nigga girl those
doing the 24-hour challenge
see you later sure way she'll be a
blooming weirdos is it cozy try but not
in no of you yeah go see mommy yeah babe
I bye
oh hello
but this is actually what we've got the
box for guys we need to put the legs on
it so I can do little seek kind of thing
oh yeah you tell them weekend making a
pile and like I just put these on and I
have my hair up like this and I felt
this like tickle at my neck so I only
looked in the mirror because the mirror
was opposite in the bathroom and I just
saw this massive black spider running up
my neck and up like massive not like a
daddy longlegs like a proper thick
spider actually she was talking about it
I would like that to pick it off I
scream I do it was so good doing so then
I hit it again and then like realization
set in what just happened and then my
breasts to look at her nose screaming
because of the spider and then by the
time I going to the bathroom it was like
I didn't even scared of spiders but
until
crawling up your face yeah if I haven't
seen it in the mirror I don't think it
was big it was very very big you looked
in the mirror and saw it like on your
own in the place I know I tried to hit
it and it didn't borrow because it was
too far so as you like and then Zoe's
like but they cut me too they got me too
in her face and then she was like maybe
they're in my dungarees she was like
Saturday in her legs two on a squish
there if there was anything it was bit
romantic honestly no it was bad the
spider was gross it was on your face you
saw it on your face very traumatic
morning in the household everybody I
just think okay I don't like spiders but
imagine if there was one crawling up
your neck and face
yeah yeah because I don't mind them if
they're not near me too very productive
meetings at the office today I would
love to be able to chat to you about
them and I'm sure I will be able to soon
oh the garden has been grass lit for you
it's like a football pitch it's all
stripy one of them was with somebody
that I can potentially work with in the
future over the new team which is
excited
in these vlogs sometimes it literally
looks like I just go for meal to meal
and I don't stop eating but since the
last blog clip as I think I told you I
had a 2-hour chat with my therapist and
my vlog that went up tonight at 5
o'clock it's now 7:30 p.m. in the
evening I spoke about having a therapist
in oh these lights are making my face
look weird in that I've got like lines
or ignore at I spoke about in the vlog
that I've got a therapist and there are
so many comments I've been reading
because I do read my comments on these
vlogs I do read my tweets that you send
me saying why doesn't he have a
therapist like what who's that which
I've spoken about before in a video but
I'm happy to talk about it again in case
some of you missed it I do have a
therapist I spoke to my therapist
yesterday spoke to my therapist again
today I normally speak to her once a
week and normally we Skype rather than
meet up in person and chat and the
reason why I have a therapist the best
way to describe it is mind management so
I haven't got any particular thing that
I would like to talk to her with like I
don't have I don't suffer depression or
anxiety or panic attacks or something
that haven't in my childhood that I'd
like to speak about for me having a work
in my therapist is mind management it's
basically like like you eat healthy like
today I've made it a conscious effort a
healthy I've got vegetables quinoa and
salmon but what we don't often do is
look after what's in here which i think
is the most important bit if anything
about being a human is important it's in
here it's in the brain so for me my
therapist is to help me is to help more
see what's going on in here which is
just everyday life so we talked about or
daddy-longlegs I hate that he's on the
next getaway below me that I was mean
like I've never seen one that big
literally is like a bird getaway going
to another room
Waller's are saying mind management
basically just everyday things in my
life that I could manage better than I
can't do and as I said in yesterday's
video I do I would love to chat to you
guys about some of these things because
I feel it if it can help me it might
help some of you today we've been
talking about displacing things I think
it's displacing is that the right word
so I have a lot of things like tasks and
jobs that I need to do and I'm
personally not very good at doing them
straight away so for example the tent
like this literally it's as simple as
this but obviously once it's like
affects many many different things it
does make a big difference in your life
so for example the you know the tent at
the bottom of our garden I was meant to
take that down two months ago and
because I haven't bothered bother taking
that down yet I've now killed her the
glass underneath there so that's that's
a bad thing I also don't know there's
like sofas and that in there that I
think Sean's gonna have because I don't
have any room for it in my office
anymore but every time we're going into
the garden and I see it mentally I'm
like ah I need to throw out the sofa
take the rug back to the office take the
side table what's inside there back to
the office and put it away and then I
need to sort out trying to get the grass
back alive rather than a circle of mud
and every time I look at it I almost go
through the process without physically
doing it or mentally doing it which is
mentally draining that every time I look
out to my garden I'm like ah I need to
do that task and if I just did it every
time I look at my garden I wouldn't be
having that mental like drain and that
repeats repeats and repeats many times
throughout my life with like my washing
I always leave my washing to the last
minute rather than just doing a wash
like when I need to I wait until I
literally have no clean t-shirts left
and then I'm like oh my god now I need
to take three hours out of my day to do
wash load off to wash a load off to wash
my barber than just doing one wash load
every couple of days like the average
person does and obviously these are all
mundane small things but when you have
20 of them that are going on
it does it does affect my life and I
didn't didn't realize it does affect my
life I didn't even think about it really
it's just something that we found out as
we've been speaking I don't know it
probably will sound so mundane to you
you might not be able to relate but I
just wanted to explain the reason why I
have a therapist it's purely just
because I'd like to talk to somebody
about how to make my everyday life
better and more efficient and make sure
that I have very very productive work
time but also very very productive non
work time that I'm enjoying with Zoey
and my family and off anyways I'm gonna
eat my dinner before he gets cold I'm
just showing you what I've got for
dinner tonight I've just been cooking up
mm-hmm it's quite a few hours later guys
just been sorting out my wardrobe for
blooming ages trying to sort out the
mess that I've made because I haven't
even well I have kind of unpacked since
we were back from holiday but just not
properly I basically just throw all over
the floor empty my suitcase but and
we're about to start watching I know I
can't really vlog much because I'm just
filming the screen because otherwise you
can't see me it's just pitch black if I
face it this way I've also just had a
shower proper cold shower which is so
nice now getting into bed what worry
about to watch tin star have no idea
what it's about I don't even know what
it says on the screen that you guys have
been that I've been showing you for the
last minute or so there's sometimes a
fine line between a cop and a criminal
what drives their personality maybe the
same and they have simply chosen
different roles and professions to call
their own that's what we're about to do
I'm gonna attempt to vlog myself but you
probably can't see yeah you can't see me
at all I'll try brighten the screen now
fully still can't see me but I'm gonna
in the vlog it's been a bit of a long
chatty one today rather than activity
filled have you got anything so sorry
got anything to add you never have
anything to add some Zoe words of wisdom
go one thing quick everybody should
invest already what did you go through
rough sketch
boom pow spider capture this time of
year they're really very true though
I've logged one earlier actually daddy
longlegs I think our house is currently
got at least like 20 in it yeah and feel
like it's on my neck as you're saying
that one
yeah sorry didn't squish yet she put
outside I don't mind a long leg they're
just not those ones that crawled on my
face not one I made you cry this morning
like you're doing something just daddy
I was proper in shock like I was proper
like shaken up shaken up
you Papa shook did you know what I was
saying made it so much worse that I saw
it in the mirror
are you sure that on your face because
that's all like a picture now and you
didn't hear your first time you got it a
second time first time I missed it
yeah it's on there even longer so I hid
it look back at the mirror its Zilla did
it again no oh god it gives me goose
bumps even thinking about they're gonna
be in our bed tonight
yeah in your mouth I'm gonna have a
horrible dreams about it go just that
whole time more lights in it or you can
pitch much screen right there we go end
of my vlog with Italian beefs catch in
the morning subscribe if you're not
already go buy some merch links down
below
going over lovely day you know I catch
you on the flip side did you say mother
flipper yeah good night guys
we haven't got much milk this morning
and I'm not really very good breakfast
is the one mill that I'm just not very
good at like I never really know what to
make if I don't make cereal looks I'm
not the biggest fan of toast and I feel
like the two easy options we've a cereal
or toast and since I don't really like
toast I kind of left up cereal and if we
don't have much milk I'm kind of left
with an apple I know y'all got that I'm
not really and though I do like these I
love to these when I was younger I just
prefer something a bit bigger for my
breakfast then I'm wired just put my
spoon in my coffee for spoon this for my
yogurt got an interesting day at the
office
today we've got one of the greatest or
members of staff's coming down normally
obviously the great straw pips work in
London but today we've got Sophia coming
down to my office to work from here I
think she's gonna start working in
Brighton in my office one day a week
would you be nice and I've got I've got
a meeting with my advisor for an hour
I've got a biannual review so basically
every six months I have like a sit-down
chat review catch up it's still official
oh there's all that note making and all
stuff like that as well with the people
that work at the team and we just talk
about what's gone well what hasn't gone
well how we could work together better
what we see ourselves doing in five
years time in a couple years time what
we see us working on together how we see
us working together it's it's indoor big
and scary because it's like every six
months we need to sit down and review
how everything is going but it's all
positive because it means it's like this
is the stuff that went well let's do
more of this this isn't stuff that
dinkler well let's even improve it or
just not do this kind of stuff so I'm
excited for the review today I'm going
to a friend's gig tonight in Brighton
one of my friends is performing in
Brighton and chase come in young Callens
come in Zoe might be coming papi and
sure might be coming my mum wants to go
Josh Zack is going with his girlfriend
I've also got a lot of just sort
getting little jobs done if you saw
yesterday's vlog you'll know that I
talked about was a called displacement
technique or something a comedy remember
basically I need to work on lots of
little tasks that I've meant to have
been getting done like even burn off it
is literally like 10 past 8:00 in the
evening it's not the morning this is
possibly the weirdest start to a blog
I've ever done I've got someone playing
me some background music guys tonight
today's been the busiest day of my
entire life I've had to double up the
vlogs so productive today like so
bloomin productive but just nuts busy
I'm currently walking through Brighton
in the rain to go and see my friend
Sarah close perform she's got a gig in
Brighton my hometown tonight and I'm so
excited some friends of mine are also
going down there so he was meant to be
coming but she's really not feeling well
you guys have known you've seen in the
blog over the last couple of days she
had really really bad headaches so she
was planning on coming tonight she's got
a ticket to come tonight but has had to
stay at home with like an icepack thing
on her head here sucks because she's
gonna it's just going to be annoyed when
she sees the vlogging or the fun and all
the snapchats ministers yeah hopefully
think I'm just around the corner now
hopefully I'm getting soaked here we go
everyone's already inside on the last
person
how did tonight go it looks really good
though in the video doesn't Sarah look
like she's going go-karting nice let's
see yeah you've got a little bit of a
gap going on working out things to get
weird
don't look at me don't worry guys I'm
not looking at her washed up dog don't
worry but hopefully I'll see you see you
later someone's asleep over there guys
this is
but that's that's one of the members of
staff it works here it's just an animal
completely forgot it just didn't realize
that it would be like a clubbing night
on a Wednesday but of course it's bright
and every night is a clubbing night I
feel old like that used to be me the
amount of you within am walking fast
that are heading out clubbing now in the
rain all dressed in like nice clothes
hanging out with their friends and I'm
going home going back to my house with
my dog and my girlfriend there are
certain moments in life that click and
I'm like wow I'm not 17 anymore
should have bought a jacket didn't think
about it so there used to be this pizza
place that was oen eyes absolute
favorite place to order from when it was
late at night like a proper dirty gross
pizza we can't order from there anymore
because our new address doesn't it's
like not within the the postcode area
finally I've managed to pull over and I
can vlog sorry you can probably just
hear the rain is like torrential rain
outside so there's a place just here
called pizza extra that if you've been
watching the vlogs for a long time you
will know that Zooey and I love pizza
extra pizzas they're like the square
ones that like little square box and the
square pizza inside proper greasy proper
dirty proper bad for you but when it's
like midnight that is what you want that
is like that's the goal
now I actually cooked myself dinner last
night a double cooked a portion last
night of like salmon and quinoa and
vegetables and asparagus and all stuff
like that so I've actually got that at
home it would just be rude not to be so
close to our old favorite pizza spot not
favorite beats a spot because that's
definitely not a favorite pizza spot if
you want a good quality pizza that is
not the place you go that is the dirt
the worst of the worst quality delicious
but bad that's basically what I'm trying
to say is it would be rude if I didn't
pop in there and grab a pizza for me and
Zoe on the way home as a surprise while
she's tucked up in bed with a headache
like it just wouldn't be a good
boyfriend you know look I'll write
myself as a good boyfriend so that's
what I'm that's what that's what I'm
gonna do
I've even got in here my bloomin hat on
well though it kind of defeats the
purpose of putting a hat on because my
hair is already wet under me anyways
let's go
I can't even begin to tell you how good
that smells and how tempted I am to eat
a slice now rather than wait until I get
home like oh my god it smells so I might
just have to have a cheeky little
chicken nugget I did order a pack of
chicken nuggets as well that drive home
was pretty scary to be honest guys I've
never had a drive quite like that like
the roads are so wet there are such big
puddles down the side that I'm literally
like gripping my wheel and driving so
slowly because as soon as your wheels
touch that water is like like takes
control that's driving so carefully just
then like don't get wrong I Drive very
carefully all the time I've never I've
never gripped the steering wheel so
tight before in my life whilst driving
for such a long journey
and I will catch you tomorrow
have a lovely evening doing whatever you
do and do something fun do something
productive do something you've always
wanted to do do something that works
towards something that you want to do
that you might not already be doing okay
I'll catch you tomorrow good night guys
good night goodbye
