good morning
just have fun scaring Zoey and now I've
got my wash bag had to go all the way
back from mine to Zoey's just to get my
wash bag because I needed my moisturizer
is that bad is that is that I don't know
if that's enormous oh I can't open the
store with my foot open how bad I was
explaining I think the last time that
I've logged that I am now coming back to
my flat because Zoey's got other stuff
to do today I think she's out filming
videos or something like that I don't
even know I know she was getting her
eyebrows done at one point and yeah I'm
back at my flat now and what do I need
to do don't do it on I need to not in
here in here come with me
shut up this is my desk to do today and
I'm not going to show you the list
because then it'll room watch YouTube
videos I'm gonna upload because it has
basically every single day on a
whiteboard I make it today I'm going to
cover it up on a whiteboard I make a
to-do list so this is a that no that
means you can pause it and you would
have seen okay
today I will show you I'm going to let
you in for my secret this is what I do
every day
and today I have to edit my gaming video
Marcos which went up yesterday for you
of course that one off because I've done
that and I've uploaded their edit Sims 3
edit Sims 4 edit tug the table game with
Marcus
Phil mind off of Marcus and upload and
edit my daily vlog that is right I got
to do today so I need to get cracking
with some sins also when I say Phil Mike
off with Marcus Miah Miah that's Marcus
I said that really weirdly me Marcus
want to start in Minecraft series
together because those of you guys asked
me to play my god I know not all of you
do so don't worry if you don't ask me to
play Minecraft you don't have to watch
it and
because as you know I'm like super super
busy at the moment and it's really
really hard for me to film gaming videos
really often Samir Marcos are going to
try and film like 5 or 10 or 20 gaming
videos in one day like just Minecraft
because we're going to play for like
three hours and then chop that up into
loads of like 15 minute videos or
something like that so that we can give
you guys loads of gaming videos to watch
but we don't have to film everything I
don't even know if that's making sense
basically we're going to be able to film
loads again if it isn't ones if we play
Minecraft together and as you know Marx
is making a gaming channel so that is
the aim for today edit load of videos
I'm so excited for you to see The Sims 3
video that Sims 4 videos episode 3 and
episode 4 oh my god Sims 4 is that I
honestly think sin oh my god Sims 4 is
so good I love Sims 4 so that is Riley
if you're doing I need to be cracking on
with some editing so I will catch you
guys
oh and if you get some lunch as I was 2
o'clock I've had breakfast but I haven't
had lunch I'm trying to get because I'm
just do so much random stuff throughout
my day all the time I'm trying to get
into a proper schedule having breakfast
lunch and dinner at the right times
because I normally he might breakfast it
like 1 o'clock lunch at 4 o'clock and
then my dinner or like 11 p.m. and then
I'm not tired because I just eaten so
I'm going to try and get myself into
like a proper schedule so I might get
lunch now edit these videos and just get
them out of the way so that I can make a
good daily vlog for you guys when Marcus
gets here as well so I will probably see
you next when Marcus gets here I'm still
just editing and editing and editing
just watch them through the finished
edit of yesterday's vlog was at in a
Sims video and my subway delivery which
took an hour and 45 minutes to arrive
has just come and I got all of this
stuff as well oh my god I am so tired
and I am so hungry one of these is our
warm meatball one and once a chicken
salad yeah Marcus didn't end up coming
over because oh
no he was busy and then I was busy which
meant I could just edit more videos for
you guys so I literally got everything
on my to-do list done except form fill
mine coffin Marcus first suppose we get
enough time when Zoe's jumper by the way
now it's really nice but it's one of
those things that's so itchy
the feeling of it is all itchy it's all
Akshay right we're going to go to
waitress now and go get some food
because we want to cook dinner tonight
isn't that right little one ha ha look
at jail oh yeah we do it plays insist
closes in like 20 minutes
yeah damn it what you doing little
buzzer this is what we've got so far I
found these drinks the other day guys
the first time when I was on that photo
shoot with like load of us these awesome
don't even know what it is it's just
physics awesome and this as well oh my
god
sticky toffee pudding I'm going to have
to get one
so to Karen I'm not too fast oh my god
yes yes yes caramelized apple crumble
Pasha I can't get all of them all right
I'm going to stick them to one tough
e-cig adobe pudding one chocolate orange
bar and Zoe these are not yours these
are mine or you try and steal one of
them you put your own wares openings
she'sa bought two of these nothing at
all pots guys if you see Zoe eating them
in her daily vlog you need to tell her
off you gonna get here she said since
always yeah I think she's gonna go and
get her in ones Oh what everybody drinks
these and Zoe used to have one of them
but I don't know what's the difference I
don't know if that these any good Zoe
but surely it's bad for you too isn't it
bad for you to drink filtered water then
it takes out all the stuff that's
actually good for you
give me that all right good bye close
your eyes
favorite bit of shopping is doing this
and making sure you catch you on time
dude did you do do de do de deed whoo
yeah whoo
there you go your catch smooth now what
do we do how do we pay do we just scan
this little thing just a nut and then we
need to get the Carter years
put it in there enough to release it and
it brings up then we're done and then it
brings up everything that we cool did
everything can yes 85 pounds 85 oh yes
then we can put this here who's paying
for this I'll pay for it
we can't even get my card out you pay
him for us yeah I'd appreciate you know
um for my pin cage how's it going over
there little one
I'm not gonna come and look at that
midget looking nice I don't want to ruin
that okay it looks different now that
we're in like okay so Zoe Zoe agreed
that she will cook me again oh man it
does fit a lot in there yeah I look
delicious thank you so much liquor one
mmm yummy yummy yummy
we had fun yeah should we do this loads
yeah by greed Missouri that she cooks me
dinner then I'll tidy it all up say is
it I think that's a good agreement I'm
happy about okay it's the moment of
truth guys where's the food trailer
close my eyes here it is here's your
pasta mate mmm that looks so good this
is like my favorite oh my god looks
delicious
thanks so much little one final yeah and
I got this drink with me as well no and
we're gonna watch the bake-off aren't we
yes time to go to sleep now guys thanks
so much you follow me round today even
though for you guys I barely did
anything interesting I literally just
edited all day so I don't know quite
what you've been watching but thanks for
watching it all this way to the end if
you did and comment down below saying I
waited until the end if you wait until
the engine so original I play until the
end
didier yeah end of the whole 24 hours
not just the 17
minutes 56 you'll be watching Jasmine's
vlogs not gonna be a 17 minute blog I
did nothing today so good I bet you're
going to despair spring move off
say good night to them good night tell
them how much you love them I love you
guys a lot thank you for always being
lovely to LC I'm supporting him and the
second channel we just try hard
and give this video a big thumbs up if
you enjoyed it because then we're making
them good bye guys I see tomorrow I've
got fun packed fun-filled pad fun fun
day tomorrow good night
