good morning guys it is super super
early
it is currently quarter to 5:00 p.m.
5:00 in the evening and I haven't even
started my blog yet I'm at my parents
house as you can see just went and
bought some food don't even know what I
bought a chicken pie something our
sausage roll pan - Ruckle ah another
white one pound of Chocolat think so I
like the brown bread for my parents and
then I also as long as even I bought all
of that and I was really happy and I was
like yes and then I saw somebody next to
me order a chicken sandwich and I was
like what no you could just order food
and there make it I want to just like
get something normal because this is
like a chicken and tarragon pie or
something I don't even know what it is
so I was like taking a risk with getting
the food that I got and I'm super super
hungry Simon had lunch yet and then and
then this guides orders normal sandwich
I'm looking there's a massive sandwich
board I could have ordered a sandwich
which would have made things so much
easier so I was annoyed at myself so
when I left I kind of went to got fish
and chips and a packet of crisps but
fish and chips a dress oh I've got loads
of food stocked up and I guess this is
going to like my lunch and dinner all in
one and then after this I think it's
always going to come over and pick me up
and then we're going to go record some
gaming videos guys I'm not sure what
else he's done is body oh I don't know
what you're doing guys Zoe is here now
and I think I'm a thing I'm doing
something right in our relationship I've
got her to massage me for meat pounder
fastest mama duck and then guys making
me do what is it your benches for now is
it misogyny is a meat pounder
not just good is it no are there that's
good scratch it yeah yes you're cooking
something ask all your gross bucks okay
let's just not use it for food then just
carry on for massage you guys watch this
I know Mom
i just opened the HP sauce and it's just
gone all over the sofa look obviously oh
you know I thought you know you know
when you pour the lid and then it just
sprays all over the sofa yeah it's only
up the pillow get it off my sofa shoes
on my sofa oh here we go thee whenever
whenever these two high out guys look at
office dad does he shoelaces up Oh
whenever these two hang out all they do
is just pick on me literally is the only
thing they do it's nine o'clock guys and
in there's Monday which means release
the hounds on TV which is like the best
program ever that is so scary
and Zoe's trying to persuade people that
make it to get me in some of the other
guys to go on it for like a charity then
I want it to happen I would be so scared
it'll be the best thing I've ever
watched on TV if it happens
why are you looking like down here why
you like not looking at the lens look at
you oh yeah oh my god I'd be so scared
if you know the very guys got it down
below yeah we told mom that we want you
now I've had it pause for like 10
minutes lost with login and stuffington
you excited excited sure how excited you
are in one noise one noise yeah yay ha
ha ha shower hacks idea
just go back to Zuri's now and I'm about
to watch this video and I want you guys
to watch as well because this is
literally me when I get my pocket you
ready or I'm not gonna have eight but
maybe maybe one day look at this look at
this again
look yes yes oh my God look at them go
oh my god I want to do that so I would
pay so much money just to do that once
look at them
Zoe how happy does that make you she's
so sleepy on you little one yeah you
look like this man as well
no I don't yes you are big bald head
you've got a big bald head I don't know
how my head I'm not worried at all am i
what you tell them wonderboy yeah when
I'm an old man Mayon I do eyebrows go
gray well my black patch go great well
you go gray yeah your black patch will
say black forever or not my god you'll
have gray hair and the black patch for
stay not forever what are you doing just
checking
check it more that you showered today I
did idol ash bath today
do I smell good yeah yes do you know
what I feel like I feel like eating up
some food so I'm gonna see what we've
got
oh please tell me this is in date so is
this in date
when's the 4th of October what's the
date almost like the 6th
it goes up down the fourth we're going
to wake up their neighbors do you think
that's okay
guys am I gonna die if I eat this I
don't want to die yet I can't open it
one hand there we go oh my gosh
chocolate orange like I'm not getting
paid by this company but if you see
these in the supermarket or anywhere
they are amazing yeah where are they
from
from Waitrose did you know Silesia put
them in a favourites want them I
understand why because they are
unbelievable what are you saying every
day oh yeah you can keep these little
pot things warm zoomed in jeez these
pots you can keep them afterwards Zoe
says that she bought something really
cool today guys and she's going to show
me but I didn't clue what it isn't that
so that's why I'm laying here with my
eyes closed
yeah tell me where to put my camera as
well shall I feel my reaction yeah yeah
why are you on top of made oh my god I
won't learn how so stupid oh my god guys
look at what the like material is where
I let it focus it's like you should damn
camera way away
arms focused your stupid camera oh I
don't know hug me in this feel commuted
mmm I feel like you're hugging a bear no
bear a polar bear Jilla
yeah chinchilla are you shouting in my
ear
hey everybody see it Hey oh okay guys
I'm gonna end the video here now so
thanks for watching if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up no I thought you're
gonna tickle me please don't take money
hey hey you know I don't live in a code
sorry say ah guys I drop the camera oh
my gosh I feel like I am say goodbye to
my vlog I got none of this oh my god I
thought I've been attacked I have my
very say good night to them good night
to them no not to them good night night
guys give the video a thumbs if you
enjoyed us each one morning I love you
