morning guys we just having some
breakfast at the moment with Bobby and
Shaun and Joe and Zoey and windstar sick
slice slice us x-ray Mary man
you just really get rid of look how good
this breakfast is he's so happy yeah
basic back at my flat now guys and I've
got it all set up we're gonna light up
here
that's all tidy all tidy or woman s let
me mute these chaps right one second
I've got a light here my camera and I'm
going to sit here and I've like tidied
up all that smart I've even even put out
a candle I've even put out some candles
for you that's how nice I'm being I'm
about to film a new video which you guys
went up yesterday it is going to be a
crazy weird I'm not even a I'm not going
to tell you what the video is you guys
go check it out there will be linked
down below to the video go give it a
thumbs up and comment on it saying don't
go dawn I love the candles show some
support for the candles guys or I nearly
set my hand on fire as well but I ended
up burning that this one I was trying to
move it and then I kind of put my hand
in the flame in it hurt a lot but um
yeah I've tried you don't all my flat
for you for this video so if you didn't
drop them back from it now then I need
to edit it then they need to upload it
all in one evening
and then I'm going to try and do a you
now show as well that's the aim I'd love
love love to do you now show as well and
that is it that is it right I need to
get film boom
whoa the last time I blogged
us-backed from a main Channel video and
since then I filmed the video into the
video I'll go to the video uploaded a
daily vlog went back to my mum and dad
to go say hello since they go back from
a holiday that they were on said goodbye
to my sister and a boyfriend when I saw
them say goodbye because they go that's
London tomorrow which is where they live
now and now also packed a bag follows
like 500 of you guys on Twitter trying
to get it to 700 all that try to get it
to 700 tonight so that I can follow
limit and snapchat three of five times
got a taxi to Zoe's
and now about evening of Zooey Gabby and
Jo wow it has been a long day of filming
in editing but it has been so good and
I'm so happy with my new video so if you
want to go check it out click down below
to my new video gosh Jose goes to hop
right this is the squirrel okay Simeon's
wait from the video today and involved
the floor game where you can probably
guess what laws always had to brunch a
piss challenge if I decide to run from
Zoey's area to the bathroom to have a
jump in the shower I didn't realize how
slippery are floors to wear well I said
I'm no joke these three toes were stuck
underneath a football a couple friends
believe me I actually cut my photo geez
I love his toes under the doorframe oh
you just saw your toes out your
neighbors opened up oh good
what you doing yeah I saw that yeah I
know is is that yeah I all feel were you
doing all our foods here guys got Thai
green curry no stuff Joe you've never
seen this pitch no have you you ready
yeah
I swear how sick is that that's very
clever idea but it fits to the box
that's why don't why not widen yeah hey
why does it all why does not every piece
of piece at all what is like that it's
the place to do that good is that
I'm so clever why does piece of people
why can't you do this short out dominos
snows come on guys let so it's just
under hey are you happy with that well
the head is that guys I forgot to
mention that Zoe bought a tree for some
reason that there's a pumpkins
everything down there and a blonde Zoe
he explained your tree to everybody in
my video and he bought it because cuz it
was all to me I think she wanted it in
the background of videos didn't you is
it the backbone of your new video that's
all good then but then I moved into it
if you like a tree no problem yeah I say
offer them this is your flat gabbi's off
now bye-bye
it's nice to see you nothing Phil oh you
got me having a film idea you going
draws a by Joe's got some vitamin D
which is just good for you what you
meant having a diet but I've had Lee
makes you feel really good so I want to
try one we're gonna try it if you can
drop it and I can swallow it straight
away so drop it from high don't know on
that high are you serious yes gonna chip
my to look good aim
ah no way straight to you through your
key your first John's offer guess honey
you're a push joiner ready
oh this are you gonna do gonna choke
well you're gonna chase we're gonna
choke
he doesn't do like windpipe I said
Madonna why would it go my windpipe
because it's the city yeah good get on
earth what that you guys scared me
what's up dude this is what you guys I
don't blame you see why I hate when
people throw food up and catch it yeah
but I do okay right do this right you
feel me yeah hold that you gonna throw
it and I catch it
no that's mundane I thought and it
myself
yeah throw up and it's foolish no but I
can do that anyone can do that
touch my phone let straight down mmm ice
mixed no she asked whenever there
someone per second will fatten rule nice
do you feel better God basically guys
it's not a harsh drugs it's a vitamin D
tablets which you can get anywhere
basically do you know every single
person in the UK is pretty much under
deficient we don't we don't get weird
yeah we don't get enough vitamin D sorry
I'm feeling vlogging familiar yeah
that's a fun fabulous it is a deficient
ends get vitamin D and this these types
of Joe's gonna change that by giving
them out to a request from money yeah
sucks not drugs people but these are
good but anyway they made basically what
it does it you know you go on holiday
like a nice pop holiday and you dinner
after dinner so neat is still nice yeah
that's what it does makes you feel you
can ask a doctor or somebody that knows
fast before you go by them guys shopping
buying straight up stir it up I feel
great look at me like guys I need to end
my vlog now because I am going to bed
I'm knackered those already in bed Joe's
going to bed now so thanks what put in
yeah I love fun today you guys enjoyed
the video I've loaded two new videos one
day two milk one main channel so go
check them out they went up yesterday
for you guys and yeah give this video a
thumbs up if you want to do if you're
feeling nice think of it two thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow morning
good night guys love you
