so tucked away at the back I can't even
reach at the back up here of my dressing
room I've had two pairs of shoes that I
bought I'm trying to think when I bought
them maybe like four months ago
and I bought them for one specific video
that I had in mind that I never ever got
around to filming so today is that day
today is the day that I filmed the video
just need to carry everything downstairs
I need to pop over to my office and log
into some accounts ignore my socks and
sliders might be ridiculous eight hours
later the audience what you been
breaking up with them again it's 6:56
p.m. in the evening to fill you in with
what happened today number one I have
three ulcers in my mouth one here one
here and one just next to it here if I
eat drink open my mouth talked for a
long period of time but do anything with
this area of my face it bloomin hurts
like it oh my even just touching my
cheek now the only thing that is real
good is this or even in cold air or that
I edited the blog this morning in bed
which was nice super early before have I
ever told you guys that my that my team
start work at ten o'clock I have quite a
relaxed work ethos work work an
environment where the gang of the office
they start work at ten o'clock because I
want people to have to get good
breakfast get a good sleep if you want
to go to the gym you can go to the gym
before work not that I go to the gym but
just if you want to you can and also
everyone can
the traffic because getting into work
after being stuck in a traffic jam isn't
something that anybody wants so I
thought to avoid that let's start work
at ten o'clock anyways we've got the
Edit number for 10 o'clock a 10 o'clock
I headed to the office and that was the
part of the vlog that you did see then I
came back home and Zoey and I got our
therapist here for today tomorrow and
Wednesday like normally we Skype call
off therapists but but usually probably
about once every four months or so
she'll come down and she stays in the
hotel nearby and we do a couple of
sessions a couple of days in a row where
well we sit face to face so I had a
three hour I want her Smith to be our
one o'clock two-and-a-half hour session
with my therapist
which was very interesting very
thought-provoking talked about load of
interesting stuff I would like to
actually chat about some of the stuff
that made a therapist speak about in our
sessions with you guys in the blog
because there was just some useful tips
like one thing that we spoke about the
other day was the fact that nobody is
busy everything even if you feel like
you have to do like technically nobody
is busy you're just choosing to do
something else with your time so next
time you say to somebody I'm too busy to
hang out you're not too busy
you just choosing to do that thing
instead of that thing even if you feel
you have to do that thing technically
you could just turn up and do that thing
but you're choosing to do that then that
thing anyways it is now seven minutes or
one in the evening and the vlog is just
beginning I've got a couple of things
down there that I do want to go dead -
dude I do did I do do that I do do that
I want to go through what are you doing
literally I was like what is very--
crawling on the floor
yeah can I show them Zoey said grab your
blood camera I'm about to do a headache
so he's got a headache she's about to do
a trick
that apparently can get rid of a
headache and she's taught me to block
told me to hold the thing on the cord in
the back of the head so we got cold peas
here does it feel good
weights your feet you're in hot water
and your uncle and your wrists how was
it you look muscle a your arm
no it's proven guys they tear his hair
it's proven I mean it doesn't work I
didn't do it from very long this is my
girlfriend everybody that's my favorite
thing to tweet is funny pictures that we
didn't say it with the caption this is
my girlfriend other peas are available
they're not you have to get birds are
sponsored it's not really I actually do
love this there's lots of different
types of boobs Oh different shapes and
sizes
like this one yeah look much like boobs
as well have you yeah that's cool think
about there being that many different
shaped bones and sizes definitely have
seen that show but I haven't seen
different bombs yeah literally we blow
us watching that bomb
what do you barking at what come on what
are you barking at you naughty doggy
none of that cheese just barking at us
she's so lazy okay she quite likes
frozen peas but she won't ever swallow
it she just choose it and then spits out
she's so silly
no way no way oh oh my gosh
you never normally eats peas we always
give her a couple of frozen peas and
she'll chew them mister look what I
found
Zoey what's on mummy
yeah no letter was this she knows it's
in my hand oh this is my dinner for
tonight got two glasses of water
tons of veg comes of chicken - chicken
wraps i weirdly like today I nearly
missed out on I look quite hand yog and
the holiday town was a pretty shining
today nearly missed out on lunch and
just didn't have time for it and then
last minute I made a spare 10-15 minutes
to make a portion of pasta and cheese
like I nearly just didn't eat lunch and
then some meals like this I just got
really over the top and meet the biggest
portion ever once the gym and the garage
is done I can start working out your I'm
gonna eat so many big meals
I've lost my little tripod that goes on
the bottom of the camera so I'm just
having to make do with a candle for now
if you've been watching the vlogs for a
while you'll know that I absolutely love
frozen chocolate and since its coming up
to Halloween apparently there's goosed
eggs which I'm guessing is like a cream
egg which I'm not actually a fan of so
don't know why I'm about to eat one it's
a Halloween version put it in the
freezer earlier which might make me like
it more there we go
I'm so much more of a chocolate person
than I am a sweet person let sweets
never really interest me but chocolate
I could eat chocolate all day let her
hold her
yeah is so good okay the inside is
really good as well I've got two
different things here to show you I
bought these literally like I don't even
know four months ago or something
ridiculous everybody has their thing
that they like to buy whether that's
handbags football stickers pokemon cards
I like to buy shoes these are two pairs
are quite hard to get shoes that I own
these are called Yeezys which is a
collaboration between or this is a
collaboration here between Adidas and
Kanye West when they were released I
think there were probably about a
hundred pounds each since then they
haven't released any more so these are
now about 1200 pounds if you wanted a
new pair I did not pay that price and
these are probably the same about a
thousand pounds I didn't pay that price
but these are both real pairs of Yeezys
but I wanted to go online because I've
seen a few videos from people of buying
things on eBay so I wanted to go onto
eBay and buy two pairs of the exact same
shoe but alike they're real they're not
these were literally like 10 pounds or
something ridiculous maybe not even 10
pounds maybe like 7 pounds I mean you're
not gonna get a thousand pound pairs of
shoes in like a little plastic bag like
this oh my gosh no way I wanted it like
compare or the look and the feel and the
fit and everything I bought them in my
size we're gonna compare the inside the
literally in the song for I'll show in a
second that is insane
says Jo unicorn what that is Jo uniform
there's even say easy on it anywhere it
doesn't even have the one let's start
with the pirate blacks so this is a real
easy here this although a little bit
flat from where they've been in the post
that actually doesn't look too bad to be
fair considering they're literally like
this is a real easy this is a fake easy
obviously the color is a little bit off
but considering like you can't even bear
thousand pounds for these or five quid
for these
that is not too bad at the bottom of
them doesn't say a DDoS or boost or
anything it's just these obviously the
real ones with white these are the fake
ones just with the black and this feels
literally like horrible this is so nice
and soft and this is like firm as heck
I'm gonna try it on the inside here says
addy dusty easy in there this says Joe
unicorn who is mr. Joe can somebody
tweet oh my god I literally can't fit
these on my feet and they're meant to me
my size can somebody please tweet me uh
ah oh they are quite comfortable
can somebody tweet me who this Joe
unicorn is I'm quite liking these yeah
they are pretty comfortable I'm not even
gonna lie I'm gonna put one real one on
and one fake one on whoa they're
slippery we have the real ones we have
the fake ones they're much more skinny
in the way but I'm just looking at them
in the mirror now let's have a look at
these ones here and now that Joe unicorn
shoe you know good old trustworthy Joe
unicorn they do feel very light like
there's literally nothing to them
they're just like about the weight of a
crisp they all they also don't say Yeezy
here which the real ones of course have
the adidas logo there and then this one
here says easy on the side whereas these
ones obviously don't do that okay let me
try it on I mean I'm guessing it's gonna
feel the same as the as the other fake
ones but I might as well put it on I
personally wouldn't wear these just
because I've never been really into
wearing fake stuff I'm always just like
I draw but just wearing our brand like
buy only if I could only afford shoes
that were 10 pounds I wouldn't for me
personally get a fake pair of a
thousand-pound shoes I would just rather
wear shoes that cost 10 pounds but these
are comfortable let these genuinely I
don't know how how long they'd last I
don't know what the quality of them is
gonna be like over the call
of wearing them for like a month or
something look at the difference in this
so on the backs on the backs of users
you get this little pulley bit here look
at the size difference on these one is
like super tight the other one is like
hanging off look that's so funny what I
might do is wear a pair of these
probably and try to think which ones are
more realistic probably the pirate black
so I'm gonna wear these fake ones when I
next hang out with a friend that is
really really into sneakers and into
shoes and notice whether they think that
I'm wearing these fake ones or whether
they just assume that I'm wearing my
real ones like imagine if I can hang out
but proper sneaker head somebody that is
obsessed and knows their sneakers and
they don't even realize that I've been
wearing fake Easy's the entire day
anyways I just wanted to get those out
of open oh that's a real one probably
shouldn't throw that one there we go out
of the out of the bag because they've
literally been sitting inside these bags
in my wardrobe for so long and I haven't
gone through them in a video or summer
chocolates gonna melt for don't you dare
mm probably not good for my ulcers how's
it going mate you good you having a nice
evening
you have any nice evening mate sometimes
I just chat away to Percy it probably
thinks I'm crazy it's all about me I
can't speak back to have a bloody guinea
pig and I'm like mate my camera doesn't
even focus on me
