good morning guys I don't like absolute
rubbish and I'm not gonna film cuz I'm
in my boxers but lurk Zoey's on the TV
yeah
that's so cool
good morning even though I've only said
good morning I ordered your TV advert
good morning how are you doing I had a
super good day yesterday and then I'll
show now I was playing Fifa with Marcus
no that was a lot of fun editing up that
video but means are we just gonna head
to turn now of my sister who's come back
from London to Brighton for the weekend
for think it's like a friend's birthday
or something like that but I got very
present yesterday haven't yet showed her
look at this come here no forgot you go
in the fridge I asked what this was this
morning but I didn't look like what's
there yeah I bought it in yesterday's
vlog what is that mozzarella
they're like Briscoe to you ever it's
called the proper one I want for
Franco's where did you get this bara
market you know expensive they are how
much I wore so there's a that brownie
yeah I don't have to get through all
these cupcakes
yeah do you know defensive these are two
for seven pounds fifty normally it's ten
pounds for to betray one no there's one
in each one it's not look one two I
think it's just one
no it's too I asked them and they said
it's just that save 1k I don't think so
I don't know we'll find out it's
basically that mozzarella looks like
really watery and stringy and they'll
say look and Joe separating those come
in
oh yeah we're obsessed with mascarpone
why are we obsessed with cheese I don't
know it's like creamy cheese - it's not
strong cheese it's like the week is
because you can get yeah if you guys
know what this is comment down below the
one beginning with B and it's like no
it's like watery and stuff they even had
a taster pot they had a massive pot of
it and they've got a bit on a fork and
gave it to me I thought I don't as I
don't even need to try it and then I act
and I was like oh my god
but we need head to town sir in town now
we're gonna see if Zoe's new products
are in superdrug you're excited right
down here because look what's for sale
it's like empty they're going yeah but
they've got a little that you've got a
wire test up no stealing it
that is called well town was very hectic
literally had the Scourge he came over
and tried to like stop it because it got
so crazy so many of you guys so many of
you buying sorry stuff as well yes yes
go get your flute out so we're gonna try
and go and get some lunch now but that
was so much fun meet so many of you
sorry that your flute argh
sorry we have to rush guys so just a
little restaurant slash pathway now then
some food this is our starter that looks
it doesn't
I don't even know what any of it is
sausage meat don't know no no no this
food looks in random look how big that
pie is it's literally the size of my
hand
what did you guys
some pastry something verifies our
actual extra mash as always absolutely
love these posters that's to give them
yeah
what me tasting bit because I like where
the deep ones were like quotes
meaningful ones and there's always just
bought - they're like lollipops or
something I found out the best way to
make someone happy she hide their stuff
pop we just lost her bag
how do you know they're probably left
her bag in another shop for like 20
minutes and then panicked and was like
going crazy because she couldn't find
there and then found it no she's like
the happiest she's ever been so if you
want to make somebody happy hide their
stuff
yeah and now we're gonna go into here to
get a tea but we have to you have to
hide their stuff and then give it to
them up later guys I got my drink and
it's so good they're just making me
laugh talk about stupid self hey friend
guys look how close she is oh my no way
and oh man come here
Big Daddy I want him to come over to me
is he running away the man told me over
there if I stand still enough you might
jump onto my leg oh no I'm getting
chased by that now that looks like that
thing in you know in Harry Potter that
baby looks like the thing in Harry
Potter you know what Harry rides
everyone's out you can't ride it and
then he rides it away do you know I'm
talking about BOTS I'm standing still to
try get squirrel to come near me you're
chasing baby seagulls then we're gonna
go to lush now because apparently
they've got new Christmassy selection of
stuff in there it's so cold and it's 5
o'clock so it's quite late well look how
cool that is guys
I am back matte black now yo and we're
just going through all this stuff
Zoe bought a heck load of stuff at lush
and I bought quite lot of stuff she's
doing a haul tomorrow which is which is
today for these guys that they just want
that so you can check that out Saudi up
or we going up tonight
but I also bought a load of stuff how
many things I bought the most of it
before or you know that that's like a
soap and but one two three four five six
seven things new Christmasy or like
Halloween edition kind of stuff like
that so I'm not going to show you them
I'm only going to show you look how cool
with that one is I'm going to show you
that one
oh my come here no don't my cop it's
gonna get all glittery I don't use that
one oh I just run a bath because if I
ever showed you my bath when I got my
boss put in it was like more or less but
then looks like a know let's say it's
sweet corn corn on the cob when my boss
drop it in it was literally like more or
less no difference in money and they're
like for having pillows built into them
after they were like your pillows
built-in I was like of course I do
so this is my bath I don't know if I've
ever shown you it and I've got pillows
like padded soft pillows built into my
bath
how freaking cool is that and it was
like the same price but what we gonna go
for these look like but don't say too
much and what you're gonna ruin your own
video here Norman likes Papa which ones
we have amazing did you ever smell it
too hard and I'm night and just snipped
half the bath balm is it now in my nose
I'm like oh good too but I think the
purple one oh I like that one more yeah
the yellow one okay
then more one do you want to go for my
toe meet you both of them will have one
inch sure
okay right we're gonna go and have a
bath to face this yellow one and I'll
let you know Optus how it was well the
bottle is probably just me sitting them
off lightly but neither bath bomb all
right back in a bed that bath was good
guys was your verdict on the bath bomb
good or not good
yeah good it was quite eatery very
glittery I get so hot in baths and I was
like splashing my face because I was so
hot and there's always have you got
booty what are you doing
and these are after you've got gift to
everywhere also Joe's here now yo how
you do it I'm good how are you I'm good
yeah I'm asking you how you up I'm
looking straight on the lens of the
camera how you doing we just ordered
some food which is good there's a
restaurant on the corner that I didn't I
did delivering just ordered like past an
hour that's an hour or white 50 oh yeah
nine-hour unfolding and then wait you
coming tonight
well you are seen either no man show me
Marcus are gonna go to the casino
tonight my hair is a mess I've even done
that I only gamble my life never my
money Oh anything with my life and yet
Indiana Jones went so fast he's a very
wise man so much that you wanted to be
in archaeology you have some shocking
quotes yeah that's a good clue wait I
did he got more life because risk of
death invokes you never have you never
been to a casino before yeah yeah yeah
and you gambled yeah exactly so I shut
out 5k down no you do it
no hope I mean I leave like 5k every
time
baller no I see the high roller table
when I go in they they take my shoes off
for me
they take your what you ought your
shoe something a casino because you have
someone to pay massaging your feet while
in play miss fish massage yes yeah but
just women there's one midnight many of
your toes yeah we had one the other day
when we were in oh you know damn no zero
yeah he's like my best mates he massages
your feet we once played me and done
what is so funny oh crap I know whatever
the casino in Vegas yeah let's have a
quick game poker star then and you know
what Dan's life never a quick game poker
with these only knows it's basically we
were playing it but we the stake was for
like Lamborghinis and always try stuff
and like work and stuff and I was like
how about we up the stakes
whoever loses listen tape over together
has to like massage him show his feet
waffle plan polka they said yes what
happens either door bluff fool him he
lost all his money I won the casino well
he was in the in the win
yes massage my feet the whole time so
funny
no he didn't on Instagram I don't know
why I don't even know why I'm still got
my camera rolling guys another story
though yeah we're gonna make another
story tonight though I've never been in
a casino have you know I could be nice I
can be nice so we're gonna get some food
now and then we are gonna get casino
some way some people asked me love you
are know a couple my life ahead I'm not
paid pressure it I just I'm advising him
to go Joe has really let me down tonight
guys does he let you down
we thought he was coming out to the
casino with us and it turns out he's too
scared and he didn't come so it's just
me and Marcus we both beat him at FIFA
and then he started crying and then he
hasn't come yeah now he's come back with
Zoey and I think she's like giving him a
hot water bottle and someone on out boom
and have a John this you like keep her
happy keeping her so I didn't mean to
call him a ha yeah we just going from
Cena now okay so I've got to be super
quiet guys now I'm back at Zoe's Zoey
and your're both asleep yeah
that was a lot of fun obviously I can't
film in the casino now to take off my
hat it made me take off my hat cuz I
wasn't allowed to work on the casino I
haven't done my hair so is like the
whole time um yeah that was a lot of fun
so much fun just chilling with marks as
well and then he just dropped me back to
Zoey's and we picked up know me as well
who was having some drinks with friends
in town yeah it's been such such a fun
day and I enjoyed meeting so many of you
in town today so thank you so much
coming up and saying hi and if you ever
see me in the street then obviously feel
free to come and say hi have a chat have
a hug I'm always up for that and it's
really really nice again thank you guys
for watching my videos in person and not
just for a video now one of you guys
commented on my video yesterday and it
got like a ridiculous manner thumbs up
complaining that I asked you in the
video to give the video thumbs up which
I do in every single blog and every
single main Channel video and every
single gaming video and they said the
thumbs up option like clicking thumbs up
or thumbs down is up to us that's an
option and I'm like guys I'm really
confused because I said give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I always
do and the other youtubers are just
always do me always say guys give the
video thumbs up if you enjoyed or give
the video thumbs up that is just
reminding you that if you enjoyed the
video then you can give it a thumbs up
if you don't want to give it a thumbs up
you don't have to comment complaining
you could just not give it a thumbs up
that is it I'm not telling you you
watching this you have to go and give it
a thumbs up right now I'm not saying
that I'm just saying don't forget guys
if you did enjoy the video then please
give it a thumbs up that is all I'm
saying
it's not the end of the world I don't
get any different number of
use I think they're like paid more for
those of you that were coming and saying
does he get paid for likes and that's
why he's asking of course I don't get
paid for somebody to like my video
that's the most insane thing I've ever
heard in my life anyways I'm gonna stop
rambling if you enjoyed the video this
is your choice now would be the time to
go give it a thumbs up if you did enjoy
the video and if you didn't then of
course then you don't have to give it a
thumbs up but also if you didn't enjoy
the video I don't know why you're
watching till the end of the video okay
I'm gonna go to bed now guys I'll see
you tomorrow morning and I think me
Jones are we gonna go for breakfast oh
it's gonna be super fun and yeah I'll
see you tomorrow good night guys I love
you so much baby
