good morning chumps how you do it it is
actually kind of the morning okay it's
not it's why they've got lunch time I
thought it was vaguely into the morning
then because I always stop my vlogs when
it's not the morning I have packed up
all my stuff because I am going away
dammit I don't have a hotel for tonight
I'm sailing in London tonight with Zoey
basically loads of us we've got a photo
shoot in the interview today as you're
gonna see
and then tomorrow we are rehearsing
practicing for Amity fest which is the
tour that we're all doing just with us
that I've done at my hotel for tonight
which is kind of gonna be interesting to
try and book one so last minute but you
know anything is possible so I need to
book hotel damn it I need to remember to
do that and Zoe needs to remember as
well I'm just waiting for my taxi now to
take me to the train station so that I
can jump on the train Marcus and I'm
you're also going from Brighton but I
haven't text them yet cuz I've been
rushing so much to see what turn they're
going to get so it could enough that
they get the same train they might not
but I meant to be catching it with Zoe a
momentum meeting they're together the
transition but phone is off so I think
it might have died a month at a charge
so hopefully she'll be there when I'm
there and I want to know if not then I
don't really know what to do do I get
the trim without her Jo try and find her
I don't know we're gonna have to see
what happens guys but right now I just
need to wait for my taxi and let's get
to the train station so just got to
London now guy is but Zoe got caught up
in a meeting which means that she can't
make it to this shoe which is annoying
because everyone in there be then she
won't be on the the magazine how but she
got caught up in another meeting which
lasted it was mid last like ten minutes
and I think you lost like an hour and a
half or something so that sucks but the
rest of us are still all doing
I think she's just chilling and bitin
now so just really jump in a car and get
over there as quick as I can
it just looked at the time guys and I'm
actually early for once it takes a 25
minutes to get there in a car and I have
currently got Oh drop my laptop don't
check the time while holding a laptop in
your hand yeah and I've got an hour and
10 minutes or something like that or
like an hour of five minutes for half no
journey so I'm gonna be early I just got
to the studio now guys look is here I'll
get how you doing where did you come
from the kids had guys like are you
going to New York yeah I'm glad insane
it said I was on Twitter this morning
and I go into my transit it says
pointlessblog thank you very much that's
me these guys are also here oh hello how
you doing a gamer we're ignoring you I
couldn't keep it up oh well that's
rubbish Marcus don't either I just
actors neck
not that close now guys is crazy how
good this camera is
here's Jimbo doing this pose in his test
shoot it's about the same size light is
what I use is for thin at once one of
these templates two grams on one of
these as well do you take yours on one
like that as well is it bigger than that
one your cabinets like last your legs
like that big and we've got little thing
over here as well filming we just
finished up shooting some of the group
photos and the light is now you still
see in their losses little bit excited
guys me marks you've got some fun stuff
today he's under there you guys know how
much I love jumping we're gonna try me
jumping over this oh I don't like it
I first say we're meant to finish at
6:00 and it's finally quarter to eight
Marcus had a four-hour chat with the
woman literally so long and now we're
off to time to gems who I think are at
another event or something like that so
a meeting them there just got back to
Tyler and Jim's never been here before
it's really really nice I like to place
and we just got like the most food
whatever what did you guys go for
Chinese oh we got Chinese as well just
from a different place
we literally ordered so much food
come on hurry up
make my bed come on I'm gonna see how
little work Jim like one second ago was
on his laptop
and now now the camera comes over
Tenzing
it's gonna be good oh oh
oh my goodness
the ice is not snow
yell already now go don't go on go into
it how it was
go on lie on air just know me go-go-go
they will push around goodbye
all right why
it will do it well don't worry
they're currently making events
revolution pop right since on the
fifth-wheel I get the worst bed so we're
seeing we're letting these to test out
this bed bags because they put - yeah
I got some tucked up in bed and I'm just
finished editing new gaming video for me
and Mark we CR it's gonna be up real
soon I want to get back as I said on my
gaming channel so make sure to subscribe
I'll leave a link down below all right
guys it's currently half past 1:00 in
the morning I think I'm gonna edit one
more gaming video try and get as many
done as I can't for you guys and then
head to sleep I am in the spare bedroom
or Jim's office at Jim and Tanya's nice
and snuggled up Jim made me a bed and
then the girls made marks noemi's bed we
had such a nice meal tonight got
delicious delicious takeaway it was so
yummy and I was so hungry after the
photo shoot I don't know how much of the
photo shoot I put in because I wasn't
allowed to show some sauce outlaw honey
to speak I wasn't allowed to show some
shots from the photo shoot because
obviously they could be like cover
photos or the main pictures have been
the shoot and obviously they don't mean
to leak that early to you guys so yeah I
hope that I could and I was allowed to
show enough of today to make it a good
vlog hanging out of everybody and
tomorrow I'm hanging up everybody again
it was a shame that so couldn't make it
but she was just super super anxious
today and got caught up in the meeting
and then she had a panic attack and
stuff which is just it sucks you know
that stuff like anxiety and things that
yeah that they just affect people in
such a negative way of their life and
yeah I don't really know what else to
say about that it just sucks so much and
I wish that kind of stuff could just go
away and just never come back but
obviously that's not possible
anyways done and I've got a little bit
deep there yeah that's something sad
that affects a lot of people no Bush
anxiety didn't exist because then it
could mean easier times better terms for
those are the stuff of that but yeah
anyways guys or more positive note I
will see you tomorrow and all the other
guys received more as well and yeah just
know that I love you stay strong
do more for me sheffy stay beautiful be
cool I don't even know how I'm gonna
hear I love you guys goodnight
oh I forgot to say give the video thumbs
up as well oh that was a close one good
night
