good morning guys although it's like a
half us 3 in the afternoon or something
I've just been huh good morning Marcus
is here I'm gonna pick your nose have
you been how was your trip
yes yeah we're about to play fifa and
you just been aged in a way to come
watch people didn't yeah yeah I went to
go and watch ball things but how was
that balloon almost invited me
personally actually oh yeah I know that
guy yeah yeah Barcelona is really really
cool and I'm actually done yeah so we're
gonna find your bare feet for now for
some gaming videos
he's also got me over there oh yeah
Marcus name you got me a birthday
present which is super sweet of them we
wanna use about two weeks ago it was
your actual birthday but we've been
super busy you've been away you're
picking your weddy yeah alright let's
get on with this game I'm gonna mash
them down so we're now on to filming
some videos on here we'll play like the
most ridiculous games you've ever heard
of in your whole life right there let's
literally have one button each and
that's how you win like stressing me out
if Marcus doesn't like losing I hate
that's why you've lost one FIFA video
and three of these videos you've only
won one we're playing some hockey go
Marcus you're the football man you show
me man yeah you just try to boss
mounatin way go on go on
ciao man this good film in we filmed six
or anything return this love you we film
six gaming videos just then normally
Marcus find it hard to from like one or
two because we just procrastinate so
much yeah sit every obviously in this
video the real issues do nothing by
there's a fuel coming out them we're
filming videos mobster I won't even
speak to you hoes are walkin and that
was good there's earlier
guys I'm live on you-now again I just
enjoyed it so much yesterday that I
thought you know what I want to do a Q
and a but not in like a video because
then I can't answer them live straight
away to you guys so I'm doing it live on
you-now
right now comment down below if you want
me to start doing more live shows cuz
these are a lot of fun and I feel that I
don't do them enough so leave a comment
down below Marx is that you also got me
this guy's look what you got me
oh you don't probably don't really know
what that is woman here let me open it
he got me to the door like an a in a
light which is so cool so what I can put
it on the wall in my flat and it's
basically gonna be like a lift up a my
neon lighting or look awesome in the
background of videos and stuff but um
yeah I'm live right now Naomi I'm sorry
I'm sorry
the president must know me as well I
literally was just telling the live show
that it was from both of you knows like
oh wait I didn't vlog did it with some
know me as well so the president was a
Marx I know me and know me Baptist as
she probably had the most in verse so
thank you know me and Marcus and now off
to get a wagaman as for dinner because I
literally have no food where is my
wallet where is my wallet I do this
every single day I lose my wallet I have
no food in my fridge so I ordered a
wagamama so I'm gonna go pick it up and
then come back here and eat it the
literally lost my wallet
there it is guys look at my dinner
I got me chicken katsu curry little
salad some duck dumplings and some
edamame and also miso soup I am so
excited
and I've got my TV on over there so I
can finally sit down and watch some TV
oh my gosh I'm so hungry Oliver had all
day is one bowl of cereal I just got
back to Zoey's now guys and she has
bought a load of Halloween decorations
which is cool
these look oh my gosh can I see these
now please oh yeah an Anderson sorry
some cakes yesterday because your
product launch oh no I dropped one
sorry Nando's look at that one that's
really cool it's now yeah it's really
cool Nando's yeah you got those
decorations also boohoo wait did you
order anything so he didn't order
anything from boohoo and they
accidentally sent her let's just say a
very small delivery what is it supposed
to send these to the head office gosh
what's in there so many clothes do you
know how heavy that one was no you
didn't I was like why I went for miles I
think this is wrong he's like no it's
not we've got it on trolley where's your
car oh that's okay I've got mini he was
like okay pocket up right oh my gosh
that is a bit my mini was full of what
were you going to show unit one yes I
mean show me what is that actually
clogged by that the lady in white
trousers let me have it as a goodwill
gesture oh four pounds fifty we're never
do
Oh little trick-or-treat chocolate one
just to put on the table yeah
these did pop you send you these so
pretty
I know where to put them where can I put
them I don't I'm so sneaky guys is
currently like 20 past 11:00
oh and so we bought pumpkins as well
we're getting festive up in here look
pumpkin and a little pumpkin on a tiny
little pumpkin yeah happy Halloween
all right guys I'm tucked up in bed now
and it is time to end the vlog I don't
even know how much I filmed today did
you have a nice day oh yeah your that is
a big old yard nearly living in them
really busy day yeah Zoey's on Radio one
earlier was that get yeah okay I'm gonna
end the vlog here guys I filmed six
gaming videos today as you guys saw
three of the Marcus three for me that
was good so so productive I need to edit
those guys tomorrow and tomorrow we're
off to London and I'm hanging out with
all of the gang like who's going Marcus
know me Jim Tania Casper Louise Joe that
but everyone everyone yeah I'll see you
tomorrow thanks so much for watching
guys give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it now start getting more thumbs
up than yesterday so go down below and
click the thumbs up it's super easy
click it again
goodnight I love you Oh what Justin
Bieber it was not funny Marty Cyrus
people get like of course that's not
Justin Bieber look I thought pink was
Justin Bieber okay no guys
