good morning guys I'm feeling like
ominous let me turn this down y'all
Troy's just tweeted or facebooked or
something like that this remix of happy
little pill and it's so so sick it's so
good so we listen to that this morning
I'm not feeling too great today feel a
little bit ill and just under the
weather and like weak and tired I don't
know probably just man flu me being
pathetic but yeah not feeling too good I
just went and bought some sausages and
some chicken so I think I'm going to cut
that it's lunch time at the moment by
the way it's weird I forget that you
guys don't know what time of the day is
I could literally be like 6 p.m. and you
don't know that it's currently 2:30
lunch time haven't really done anything
today just been replying to emails and
laying on the sofa feeling sorry for
myself but I think I'm going to make a
nice little drink of some raspberries
and strawberries and some juice just
enough one of these things again and
then I'm going to cut myself some
chicken that's why I feel like doing it
all I put out in some bananas as well
I've got some big old these are the
biggest bananas ever Wow got my ice in
there and they've got some banana I feel
like I'm paying like fruit ninja ever
actually I'm saying that I've never
actually played or downloaded fruit
ninja I just know what it is from my
adverts and other people playing and
stuff that should be enough I'll drop
one about there now when I put my
strawberries in there is it bad I just
don't even bother putting off for that
green bear I just don't those guys
straight in there that's probably bad is
now that'll do that looks good
and then to finish it off with some
tropical juice that will do and now to
blend it all out are you ready kids
aye aye aye captain
and that my friends is it now I have a
nice cold smoothie and now for my
favorite part the taste test so good so
so good also those of you guys been
commenting or not likes a couple of you
guys been calling to say like oh my god
are you sponsored by whatever company
this blend thing is I'm not I just
really like using it I bought another
one over here as I've shown you guys
before it was like ten literally ten
times the price so I'm going to be
honest with you now I don't really ever
talk about how much things cost this was
like 28 pounds or something about that
which is probably like $40
this thing was 300 pounds that was like
four five hundred dollars like so
expensive it's insane but I want to
start being healthy I want to start
having nice smoothies and juices so I'm
willing to pay a lot of money and I
bought it
I've used it like twice because this
little thing is just awesome
and if it was sponsored it wouldn't be
allowed I wouldn't allowed to be
comparing it to other companies so it's
not sponsored I just really really like
this and that is they're actually quite
new people are seeing only white using
them my sister got one I bought one for
my sister actually and she really likes
it she's also got one of these ones and
I don't really think she uses it as much
anymore
because this is just so easy cooking
that much chicken George Burns
got some chicken cooking up with Sun
don't go to dawn
Nando's very very salt Nando's none
doors but my Nando's are much again and
over here I just tweeted guys this is
scary you know like I'm just looking
through twitch on the point is blogging
the point is blog ha on the pointless
book hashtag and it's just mad like look
at that somebody's got Tania's product
Zoe's products and my book and
everyone's like finally found in water
stones in Belfast and in like all
different countries and things near
Mount it's just
absolutely mad but I have a book out
that is just so crazy I just don't
ah you guys so many of you have got my
book and you tweet me pictures and
everything I always look through the
hash tag so if you do have my book you
tweet me with the hashtag the point this
book and ya old favorite looser than
breech tweet loads of them and
everything like that also guys the book
is going to be available in America like
the whole of America will go I'm like
choking from this my book is going to be
available in stores in like Barnes and
Nobles and loads of other stores in
America there's a whole list I'll put
them right in the description or
something like that or another time it
is going to be available in America on
the 14th of October that is literally in
like two weeks your American people
watching this can grab a copy of my book
I'm so excited I will leave a link down
below to the American website where you
can pre-order it so if you've reorder it
now down below then you will get it like
super super early your American people
watching and also for those of you who
live in New York I'm not going to say
any details or any specifics can't even
speak a moment I'm so excited specifics
but I've got something very very
exciting happening with you guys so I'm
just gonna leave it there that is all
I'm saying to York get ready I need to
go and cooking my dinner no guys I just
went cooks I've cooked my chicken and I
went to toast these and I realized that
I gave my toaster to my sister the other
day my sister was open she was like
about to buy a toaster and a kettle and
all some of that because she moved back
to London and though I barely use mine
don't worry you can have mine it's fine
I eat most my meals of Zoe's house
now I don't have one and I need to toast
it papi if you're watching
you stole my toaster I want it back can
up joking and crap how am I going to
cook this can i toast up in my other all
right I put on grill how'd I do that
is that one grill or is that just on
full temperature or u-turn uh-oh I don't
know no maybe is that one grill that
one's
I don't know what I've done I'm just
going to put my toaster on here I'm just
going to put my toaster in there and see
what happens
alright one there one there let's move
this a little bit higher right up to the
top cook oh do I leave it open I think I
need open when my mom used to cook my
bacon she used to leave it open but that
was on the grill this isn't other oh I
don't know cook well I think it's worked
guys but the only issue have now is that
I don't actually what if I got an Urban
Outfitters bag in there what I don't
actually have like an oven mitten Oh get
it out no need to get out quick
oh oh it's burning oh I could turn it
off that would help all right let me
turn them off where isn't open don't
know what to do
maybe I could use a jumper actually I
don't want to burn a hole in my jumper
literally they're not today right I'm
going to try using two pieces of felt
from my placemats
No
guys guys are burnt them but how that
sides not even down at all
okay I can't I can't eat that one I'm
gonna have to put two more on but this
time I'm littering half at them on black
one minute on each side I'm going to try
and flip them right oh I've got a really
sick idea if I go in here I can use
these to put it in and out look
yes I'll be so smart look at that now
I'll turn it back on
there we go Xbox randomly sent me this
in the post the other day so I need to
open it up and have a go got my TV ready
up there hmm
open I can't do it
one minute excuse my teeth there we go
ultimate team edition me oppa my xbox
hmm yeah I'll put that one in there
updating the Xbox come on come on come
on yeah yeah yeah as you guys know not
usually that interfere like I like the
game but I'm not very good at here and I
don't really know too much about
football which obviously doesn't help
when you're playing a football game but
the graphics on this look absolutely
sick and especially on my TV as well
because it's quite big so I thought you
know why not just try it out since they
did send me the game wow the graphics of
this look in say I don't remember the
last time I vlog but I currently just in
a live stream I tweeted it literally
like one minute ago and let's see how
many people there are watching three and
a half thousand people already literally
tweeted it like one minute ago and left
the room and come back in this three and
half thousand of you what you guys are
crazy
just got to Nando's now guys bit of a
changeup from the light show
Shubin late dinner from that you guys
know him we've been in a quite few jokes
and we've played what was it the mini
golf at the potty game together once my
beer is currently met twenty to ten in
the evening
bacon is every fiber we need okay that's
how I suppose you do it up and asking
you an audience
look how good of a boyfriend I am guys I
bought Zoe in Anders she's tucked up in
bed they go fishin and O's and I got
your cake as well
no Max is in the car and we want to go
back to mine and do some gaming and
stuff don't be sad I'll see you tomorrow
you have you saw me this morning
well you're in tomorrow oh I'll see you
the day after ha ha don't do this so try
to let me feel bad okay I'll see you
tomorrow bye bye what max is waiting in
the car you but no you can do that
yourself
I got your Nando's Max is waiting in the
car bye bye
Oh Oh camera get in
imagine if it was in the mirror so back
at mine now drop Zowie off that Nando's
as you saw but it's time to tuck in to
the world's biggest carrot cake
Nando's don'ts tinged today Nando's do
good carrot cakes Max has gone home now
guys and it is currently half past two
in the morning
it is so lay it was just one of those
evenings are just catching up with like
a school friend I've known max since I
was probably like how old if I know max
maybe I was like 5 years old 4 years old
kind of thing so it's good to have a
catch out of him and that's really
really nice evening and I'm sorry they
didn't blog too much of it by just
wanted to have a nice catch up with him
and yeah we went to Nando's then a drop
zone of Nando's and then we just
watching YouTube videos playing Fifa
which is actually pretty good I'm like
in fifa15 I mean I'm not good at the
game but neither was max so we're just
playing against each other for quite a
while and both just messing about but
it's a lot of fun I really liked it
maybe if you guys want
no not all of you like FIFA but maybe I
could do like one or two videos on my
gaming channel not often not a lot not
crazy amount you don't have to watch it
but maybe I could do like one or two
jokey videos where I like play Zoey at
for you or play Marcos or just mess
about and have like my top ten goals or
I don't even know something funny that
we can do I'm sure like the top 10 worst
goals I don't know anyways I've been
watching some gaming videos of other
youtubers as well and there's some
pretty cool games at the moment so I
really do want to get back onto my
gaming channel and get going on that so
subscribe to it down below I want to try
and get going with some sins as well
again with Zoey because when we used to
film now it was a lot of fun so yeah
subscribe to it down below and that's it
I'm going to go to sleep now because I'm
so tired it's half past two in the
morning so thanks for watching today
guys if you did enjoy it then give it a
thumbs up or Zoe would say give it a toe
up and for ya I'll see you tomorrow guys
I love you so much
good night baby bye bye bye
