good evening guys I haven't blogged
anything yet today and it is so what's
the time hotpot 7:00 in the evening and
I'm just about to make a hot chocolate
so far today I have edited and uploaded
the daily vlog and slept and ate beets
are in bed and that is literally it that
is it
you didn't feel very well no what's the
matter
oh yeah accent bopped on the head didn't
I no not from that as in I booked on
then you are my headache
you feeling any better as I said in a
daily vlog that were not yesterday for
you guys yeah I'm gonna have a bath in a
minute let's let me go check on my back
also I've got Zoe's little pink house
look I've seen each other I don't know
my hair look at this bath guys okay fun
even see it yeah now you can look at all
these bubbles and this is just from the
the good old zoella beauty products oh
we've got two loads yeah that's from the
fizz bar I put two squares of that in
and then also if I can reach put a load
of this in it as well which is the soap
put that down there and it's looking
good it smells good as well which is
nice I'm gonna smell really really girly
I should probably turn it off I'm scared
about turning the show off the bath off
I always turn the shower on wax then I
think they didn't think they did it yeah
okay right I need to go meet this hot
chocolate it was like hotdogs no I
didn't have a hot chocolate
you've already about four months and
then I had one the other day and I was
like wow I miss hot chocolates a lot a
tip would making hot chocolate guys is
you put with the powder in then you
bought a tiny bit of milk and I met you
oh that was
much but only a little bit what are you
want one Israel well I've been here oh
you didn't tell me we had these white
hot chocolate caramel hot chocolate
rocky road hot chocolate chili hot
chocolate mint hot chocolate
oh that's couldn't belay oh you tell me
read them ones I'm gonna make this one
they make your one or you can happen
that's you can have this one this is
just whisper that's good one
so what you do guys is you stir that
looks disgusting now you stir this all
them really really well with only a tiny
bear so that you have none of that
because sometimes when you make a hot
chocolate you have these are chocolate
dry lumps on the top it's not very nice
and now when you add all the more hot
chocolate I'm here milk then there's no
bits that have been unstirred on the top
I don't know if this is making sense if
you make hot chocolate often you'll know
what I mean basically start your hot
chocolate stirring this tiny tiny bit of
milk and stir really well
and then your hot dog will be 50 times
nicer hey guys I forgot Zoe's microwaves
more powerful than mine eat okay gonna
have to wipe that haha okay now to the
serious bit guys the whipped cream and
the marsh yeah
whipped cream and marshmallows
I think it's brand-new so good
oh yeah that's finally boy when we did
our how well do you know job challenge
that is fine come up here and help me
make them yeah the state is 2052 Wow
that goes out date in a long time goes
out of date thousand on 69 what do you
think goes on date and the 8th of
October 2014 it hasn't been opened
oh I didn't actually mean to drop that
no it's got brand new whipped cream
which is cool yet do you know what
you're like can you make it chef
alright Jamie Oliver eat your heart out
Oh Shane you got any muscles let me try
oh you cheated sorry I have a load of
these in so these ones will melt to make
it taste that's my favorite part of a
hot blade more in then I'm not sure that
chocolate is gonna be good for my head
you know and then I saw somebody else
somebody the other day when I was in the
cup it when I this she spun the cup and
it worked really well
that's probably know right ready yeah
sounds like a bonfire does that your
noise of my whipped cream and then we
just go oh yep nice this one no this
someone's calling you again this you
actually someone calling me on skype
probably my mum and that's all good
that's it done let's have a little
closer Oh lovely
my little mugs from John Lewis I've got
a really few just finished up having a
bath guys my hair is a steak don't even
comment on that and with snow without
watching The X Factor you cozy yeah and
we've got a plate of Smiley's who
remembers these from when they were
younger
do you reckon they're just an English
thing I can imagine America probably had
them as well
do you know thank know we should have
asked Tyler they're basically like
potato and then I had the menage on go
and probably in school and stuff like
that Swedish watching yeah we catch up
they're the best and beans as well so
we're just watching The X Factor at the
moment but sorry that I haven't blogged
too much today it's just one of those
days where I am daily vlogging and I've
logged everything I've done but I just
literally done nothing today so there's
been nothing to vlog I wanted to just
take the weekend out
to just fully relax not make any video
so I didn't film a main Channel video
today or yesterday so sorry that hasn't
been an upload but I've been so busy of
like TV interviews ready interviews book
signings book stuff book stuff book
stuff book stuff and YouTube you staff
yeah book stuff that I just wanted to
relax and really take a weekend out
because you know there's not often read
that we don't do anything the whole day
so I wanted that to be today
so I've logged everything I'm done but
I've just literally barely done anything
Zoe went to bed about two hours ago
maybe an hour and a half ago and I've
literally just been sitting on my laptop
it's just one of those evenings where I
don't even know where the time has gone
earlier on it was like dinner time and
now it's 2:00 in the morning or 20 past
2:00 in the morning and as I just said
giant better ages are gonna I don't even
know what I've done since they'd have
literally just been watching YouTube
videos Facebook videos looking on like
clothes shopping online but I'm bought
anything I don't even remember what
videos of what the time has just gone
that's so scary I don't know what have
been doing for the last two hours have
been kidnapped by aliens or something
like I don't know what's happened at the
time guys I'm gonna go to bed now
because tomorrow morning at 12 o'clock
Anna and Jonathan and Amelia and Eduardo
are coming over and we are at we're
there so that weirdly Eduardo and we're
gonna get some fun stuff I'm not gonna
say what we're gonna do because I don't
want to ruin the vlog for you guys and
but we're gonna be doing some real fun
stuff together so I'm excited for
tomorrow hopefully hopefully hopefully
means are we gonna film some more Sims
as well because we haven't filmed Sims
and so long and I know you guys want
more and we want to make more as well
and I really really want to get back on
my gaming channel because when I'm doing
it and I'm uploading often I absolutely
love it but I just find it so hard to
find time to film gaming videos but I'm
gonna try my best to get really back
into it because I want to do that for
you guys and yeah that is it give this
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it even
though I literally did nothing today
I didn't even do stuff out of filming
and I didn't film it because I literally
did nothing today and I've enjoyed it so
much and I'm so much more relaxed and I
feel so happy in content and I've been
looking at online that's certainly of
all like videos of you guys showing my
book I've been watching a lot of like
book reviews of my video reviews of my
book or book review so I don't know ever
it's called and just people like and
then I you guys tweet me a lot at the
time things like oh my god Alfie I make
videos to be amazingly to check them out
I suppose that's what just that's what
I've been doing tonight just checking
out your video
your comments your tweets your tumblr
stuff like when you guys tag me in
instagrams or tumble over or tweet me
and things like that I do see the
majority of them yes I don't see every
single one because there's quite a lot
of you now but when you tagged me in
like an Instagram I see them all when
you tagged me on tumblr I see it all
when you tweet me as hard Facebook
comments I read a lot of them so tonight
I've just been catching up on everything
and like YouTube being pointless blog
and then looking at like the most recent
videos yeah so it's been checking you
guys out and stalking you guys but yeah
give the video thumbs did you enjoyed it
guys if you somehow enjoyed this mess of
a weird little video that I've made
today let's see if we get more thumbs up
than yesterday's video God which was a
lot because Thailand Zooey and Gabby and
me all hung out and stuff so yeah I'll
leave a link down below
yesterday's video and I need to go to
bed now I really do like guys would I be
