morning guys just got to the dentist now
and I've never been to this young horse
I've got to fill this out so new one
don't like the dentist back on my flat
no guys left the dentist and I'm eating
chocolate straight away probably not the
best thing to do but oh well it all went
well went super well super super well
just packing some boxes socks socks
t-shirt another t-shirt shirt for Zoey's
launch thing tonight and for tomorrow
because I've gotten into on Sky News
tomorrow and whilst not packing belts
down there
do-do-do-do-do oh I need a white shirt
I've got a few white shirts that one is
so creased now well that's quite good
one
well that one could do one there really
creased that is exactly the same shirt
as this one and that's another one has
this got any stains or marks on that I
know what I'm like let me check it first
that seems all good all good I think
that's the one for tonight that is the
one and then I've got in here I didn't
realize that I can't iron a suede or
like velvet wet as well be I think oh my
gosh
basically I've got my suit jacket you
can't really see it hanging up there my
shower on but good oh one minute let me
clean the lens there we go basically by
didn't realize that you can't iron like
velvet or suede and my suit jacket that
I want to wear my blazer is like velvet
or suede or one I think it's about that
it is about that and I just spread room
on the phone knows I need to iron it she
doesn't know you can own it you have to
steam it which means get like a steam
dryer and do it like professionally no I
don't have one of them so I thought the
closest thing I could get would be to
close my bathroom door turn the shower
on as hot as possible and not have any
windows or fans open or on so the room
just feels of steam and then it kind of
like steams my clothes I don't know if
it'll work hopefully it's going to work
if not then I don't know what I'm going
to wear so we just got to the train
station now we got 12 minutes to the
train I'm early for once probably
because I'm with mom yeah literally
because because mom's day I'm early
I was nearly late I nearly had to go
back and edit a video quickly but then I
realized it was all good it didn't have
to got my suit stuff already here
I think the shower technique worked guys
I think it worked
and we've got like 12 minutes through
the train now so we're going to quickly
grab a coffee
so obviously we're standing hotels
tonight guys notice till we pop into
Russia now to advise bath bombs the
hotel
remember which one is Zoey's favorite is
this one is now nice this little one
here multiple that looks like Jim Burns
oh you've seen the other day the lemon
in the restaurant when you squeeze this
to the pitch-dark now yeah what is that
about Mount
this one here is various possible one of
it let's get one of that which one are
you going to go for
bigger
your soul and getting a half yes vehicle
ensure one disgusting horrible one I
don't know if there is enough
Oh
let's get them like a like some like
clay or something to play with I'm gonna
get this one here so we're just in a car
on the way
are you excited tonight really excited
yeah there's going to be so many people
there like toilets even flown over I'm
excited to see Tyler and Louis and Louie
mama loves Louie a little bit a little
bit just silly little weenie weenie and
like Tyler's going to be there and
Marcus I know me and Joe I think
Casper's away at the moment so I don't
think Casper's gonna be there
in fact there's gonna be so many people
I don't know how many people doesn't
even have any people to go in and then
it could be like yeah Tanya and Gemma go
in please Louise yeah Louise minutes
come and getting her hair done I think
it's gonna be really cool I need to
I haven't even washed my hair today guys
I've just hidden it under hacks and he'd
have a shower that's why I get it messed
you on the train oh sure because i stunk
but it's only Hot Fuzz - and it starts
in like five hours so we've got many
ages to get some food and have a shower
and stuff like that those audio tell
and poppy and short they're popping
Shana coming dad to come in three those
mums come in a zone his grandparents
come in Zoe's dad's come in this is
going to be cool this hotels like pitch
black I don't even know where my room is
I'm just reporting and showing a mum my
trying to find that room let's see what
the rooms are like lungs reaction it
smells like a swimming pool some big old
bed can't even fit in my camera yeah
this is what I was saying about guys you
have to be careful because there's like
glass in here as let in there definitely
gonna wake up in the morning walk into
that guys look at this lift how cool is
that let my mind I look at that looking
it so cool
so it's Spacey I used to have a room
like this when I was younger just well
not to my hotel room but Zoe's having
crazy amount of interviews from
everybody about her products and there's
always like press people in there doing
filming so I think I've got a good few
hours until I need to start getting
ready
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
go shopping like clothes shop into block
because Oxford suits just around the
corner so let's go get some new clothes
trying to get some new shoes guys
because I realize the shoes they've got
don't match the outfit like God
then I want to go for alright these
could be the ones just like that I don't
feel like the heel back at the hotel now
Zoey's just walk downstairs spin goodbye
good luck might as well coming in you
going upstairs get change yeah you might
as well go yeah okay you're not going
like that no not really going in my
beanie and my my night running this
is much smaller stuff yeah I'm like I
saw earlier I was like yes Tom just got
waistcoat and everything yeah personally
I'm not their top man specials yeah okay
bye Tom's gonna go now see you later see
there man them guys are all going off to
the venue
it doesn't start until 7:00 Oh Wi-Fi
password yes but it doesn't start until
7:00 so I've still got an hour and 15
minutes to get there silly man
and now 15 minutes to get there so I
need to go get the shower now and get
changed
I'm fully dressed and ready guys and
this is what I'm wearing and wearing
like a suede a velvet so I'm not suede a
velvet suit jacket blazer and I've got a
plain white shirt on from Farah I've got
a little bit rolled up sleeves over the
edges but for the white trim now I've
got some black like jean trouser kind of
things and some new shoes that I just
bought some like blue suede little
desert boutique and things so that is my
finished look y'all also all my mess in
the hotel yeah right I've got one minute
to get there let's go go go you ready
pop Poppy's all dressed up you ready
Shawn ready
gumpa the dong oh yeah here's a car
there's the man
mister man yeah I'm just going now some
people came back to see us thanks for
coming guys
hey how are you doing you get her she's
got my birth to these balloons and
little sign up there
let's hook that yes look at that
guys look how thick it is in here and it
all events for you are you excited
look at guys
nice-lookin Oh Amelia stress yeah
Oh
great level like 13 hours
go
look
sorry snoring boy face
now it talks I'm gonna have to have it
on
guys let Joey's even go up ball then
Center on Italy sorry
you have an eatery toilet right now
look at the size of Amelia's balloon
how about this is all of this absolutely
amazing
it was everything in this business feels
like we've been doing it for years and
years years but actually it was under a
year ago that my son Eli from SLG were
talking about a potential of as a lot of
range of products and products and
beauty products and that was maybe three
million subscribers ago and here we are
with it actually existing amazing and to
say that all the way through this zoe
has been incredible
and normally professional and I'm
astounded and were all of us in team
tingly are hugely proud of what she's
achieved over the last nine months of an
initial phone Twitter feeds to tear now
with this is the range hello speech
before in order to say okay to everyone
you came today it means so much to me I
got like all my old school friends and
all my youtube friends and everyone my
family as well just friends like that I
just miss a
thank you to everyone at SMG miles and
Haiti
I've got motors who's made this all
possible because I definitely would
nominate to this myself so thank you
very much everybody
and I hope you
sweetheart
right look at this food is
these two even now we have a picture
why is my mum stolen a child are you
stolen a baby hey mister
Oh
no my job is nice change
alfie gives the best hugs ever do I yeah
then also good when you have a camera in
one hand remember that guys he has like
these long arms and like manages to wrap
all the way around you like three times
round yeah so long they're good hugs I
have to go by Jimbo Jimbo no good bye
sorry I was nothing bye love you see
Owen ignoring you now everyone's gone
guys you can see what is run problems
time
Oh
haha
vibe at that farewell well good luck in
the future
cheerio sorry what are you doing yeah
she's going with the car
we can show you the pictures this
picture oh yeah wait first we have me
ins oh wait xyler it's real cute and
then we have the real love thing look at
the top so we're we wait for two workers
there guys healthy but then BOOM yeah
love is real Zoe no I just got back to
our room guys and they put petals all
over the bed do they think it's like a
honeymoon or something that's so cute
guys look at this fruit as well yeah
your camera's in my pocket I'm so hungry
we can snack on this into the room
service arrives guys going to survive
this is ice alright let me get them on
the phone the best thing ever I am so
got a soup as well I'm sorry I am all
tucked up in bed now guys that was so
good how was that little one yeah I'm
proud of you you have a nice evening it
was so lovely so many people were there
to support you it was like a birthday
but better better than a birthday
that's right think I've ever had a
birthday flike that of you know of
course the oven I just made nice a
feeling of it was like better than a
birthday yeah it looks better than yeah
it looked amazing it was so cool so much
fun and what can they do right now these
people watching this give the video
thumbs up know they can go and get your
beauty products oh and I'm just thinking
of your video right no your product
literally the whole point of this
evening is your products are now out the
sale yeah you can go over to superdrug
website Alfie you can leave a little
Lincoln score on Monday it will be
available in some shops
hey leave that uh online just list
online of the shop see you guys and now
you get a website yeah and they'll also
be available to buy on feel unique as
well so go buy them all guys that all
awesome because means I've actually been
using them for like a month
yeah LARPing uses yeah no shower in your
shower in your bedroom you have Eddie
scrub do you know how hard it's been
guys oh do you know how hard it's been
to hide the products in my flat yeah the
amount of times we you know hundred
daily vlogging ins are able to leave all
the products on the side and you guys
haven't seen them yet and I'll film a
whole intro in the joy like you have to
do it laughs we have to refill your
inter and I'm right watch as I look the
products on the side and the right do a
whole video of like oh if you go back
through my blogs and you look carefully
you might see them poking about because
a couple of times they were like tiny in
the background so black coffee my
perfumes on the side like the spray and
I'm like it's a body mist yo happy then
the little glass bottle yeah yeah nobody
missed is on the side and I'm like oh
you can't tell what it is please can I
give it in and she's okay yeah there are
you little sneaky sneaky shots you smile
moment right I'm gonna in the vlog here
guys because I'm so so so I'm tired the
time it's quarter past two thanks so
much watching saying follow me around
tomorrow I've got an interview which we
call never live TV interview to do and
I'm sure we're gonna have some fun yeah
so I see two more guys I love you so
much say good night hey guys
