good morning guys how you doing how you
doing it is nice and early today I'm
actually a buddy for once and I'm pretty
wide awake y'all my head is a mess
I realize how thick my beard is at the
moment and I don't really want it this
thick for TV so I'm going to attempt
attendant to shave it off with this but
not all the way up I don't want to know
like a baby face so I've got like a
million different razor heads and I'm
somehow gonna try and make it a bit
thinner and shorter but I don't know how
to do that and I'm done I am already
done my hair although my hair annoys me
it's different every single day so it
will probably change a lot by the time
actually go on the TV it will teacher on
to these when you're on TV you have to
have plain colors and I'm not allowed to
wear white now I like to wear plain
white t-shirts so that doesn't really
fit me so I'm just on like a plain grey
t-shirt then I got my blue jeans on and
some black little converse on all ready
to go I just want to say thank you guys
so much because the support that you
have given me on this book has just been
in saying we've been number one I just
got a text this morning from the book
publishers saying that we are still
number one in the book shots in the book
since the book came out which was like
how long ago is that now about two or
three weeks ago and we're still number
one that's literally just insane and
it's making so many cool opportunities
for us like this happen today but we can
go and tell people and tell everyone on
TV which is a traditional media and like
people that watch that kind of show on
TV are genuinely a little bit older and
we can tell them about YouTube and how
awesome it is and how cool you guys are
and what we do and explain why we do it
and where am I going
Grand floor and so yeah it gives us
loads of cool opportunities at that so I
just want to say thank you so much for
all the support in the book it has been
in sane like I can't even describe what
it's been like gotta meet all of you are
in London
Nayland again and then the rest of the
tour soon just crazy just going to the
car now guys and I didn't have time to
get breakfast so just got this on my lap
turning a little bit for a snack on the
way just going out I just got a coffee
get my breakfast in the car Maddy Maddy
is making breakfast here it's like a
little kitchen there's making toast like
toast just running through the show now
I don't know what's happening so we put
would you rather to attack me on Denise
so basically what you have to do is
guess what her answers were so they were
two questions I think the first one was
would you rather fight duck-sized horses
so then you have to guess what Denise
say and then the same question yeah it's
looking good so far guys I've been
craving in a place with a games from the
book and my riders gonna just have sex
and stuff luckily a done thing fingers
crossed I have to do the luxans myself
up for some powder so I'm not shiny I go
on in six minutes guys got to walk
through now think the door should I be
nervous Mady yeah yours it gonna go okay
guys look at the studio it's crazy
there's a little more people in this one
normally there's like two chemists and
no people
not bad for someone who began his
meteoric rise of the Internet
thank you thank you so much guys thanks
for having me this morning guys go
follow them both one Twitter user Ella
that's what that's what you need to make
a video on Zuri yeah yeah I'm just going
to film someone's face all night around
looking good
that was so much fun guys like honestly
Phillip Schofield Amanda Holden are like
the most lovely let me take that out the
most lovely people ever and they're just
so so work moving Phil it was like oh my
god my nephew loves your videos so much
can you sign something for him and
Amanda was like okay I'm gonna be honest
now at wheaton reviewing it earlier and
my twitter blew up so we're gonna have
to get a picture afterwards and i I want
to get some more followers that's okay
that's fine and we like joking about
having pictures together I was blogging
with the never said that they love Zoe
and some of that sir is so much fun
thanks having me on guys and I just got
to the twin station now and I am waiting
for Steve to come and pick me up who I
think he's a little bit ill at the
moment so I don't know if he's gonna be
as lively or minute my friends going off
one sec I don't think he's gonna be as
lively as usual but I don't know I will
say he's he's always hype up if he's a
little bit more quiet
that's because he's feeling ill at the
moment and then we'll I think we're
gonna be hanging out Louie as well maybe
go get coffee or some lunch and
obviously as you guys know Steve is like
the longest head in in the universe he
takes so long to do anything so I got
here like two minutes ago maybe three or
four minutes ago and
I've already been waiting here ten
minutes and he's like no you got been
there how can you avoid him in there ten
minutes your train didn't get in
that's all right he's panicking now so
when he gets here let's tell him that
I've been here for like 15 20 minutes
and see what he says this is my
conversation with him guys he said are
you there yeah and I put yep and he but
not of course he but just got there but
no been like 10 minutes not 10 minutes
maybe 12
I haven't guys literally be in here like
five ok just replied and he says he's 30
seconds away ha ha I feel bad now
because he probably all holding the
camera really awkwardly one sec he
probably feels bad that he's running
late but he's not he's only about five
minutes late I've been like 25 minutes
yeah 25 minutes I'm joking it's been
lychee like 5 yeah
when pizzahut no ghosts no garlic red
stuff we just went for pizzas yes look
at this guy's freaking egg in there as
well that silly boy I'm a pizza I think
right well yes you bought your egg Steve
off us for an extra Eggers or half on
the hand it's the one would be like in
that Yahoo is are still issues well she
finished off in Pizza Express right now
just the doctor Steve's gonna get some
jobs cuz you and him going away aren't
ya yeah it was a big secret we haven't
told anyone yet but we're gonna that's I
just heard that in this video
Steve you scared yes I was telling him
earlier not feeling 100% how was it
right okay because I'm already ill yeah
give me the shot shut up basically true
story Steve was too scared has respected
little bit of cry and you can get really
Oh madam you have to be like really well
to kind of feel chair to take it yeah
the shot basically because I'm ill I'm
already like fighting off illness yeah
another time man
back at Steve's now and he's been given
some ear thing to do don't quite know
what it is to spray it is it what is it
smells man um it's called Oh - Oh Oh -
my ear spray let's do that yeah I'm a
little scared you know you doing it what
am i doing that you gotta be careful
though I'm collar somewhere like of
course I'm gonna put this whole thing
into your brain
no no honestly honestly be careful
though I'm scared I'm scared
make sure you get it right in there
though yeah oh you get it in their day
and I've got to get this good pitch from
my blog get in it like that yeah yeah
yeah it's in there now keep that area
chocolate that was smooth you should be
a nurse I am you drop that guy
so we're just taking Bay for a walk now
Bloomie's down they're filming some arty
shots
Steve's run up with Bay and I'm just
uploading a picture now for the he for
she campaign if it focuses there we go
that Emma Watson's run in so if you guys
want to support the campaign or don't
know anything about it I will try my
best to remember to leave a link down
below to Emma Watson's speech that she
did which was absolutely amazing woman
called a duck under here such a powerful
speech she is like awesome she is such a
great role model and yeah I just think
it was great great cause for gender
equality you guys should go check it out
if you want to be awesome as well then
retweet my tweet with the picture of me
that I just put up now for hashtag he
for she and gender equality go check out
and warts and stuff as I said okay won't
you come back watch her and it was just
wake up wait sit
okay never throwing competition guys
I'll go first
yeah
how we gonna market it we know well that
was pretty damn far Luiz 10 yeah you got
this
I don't know if that was hard to tell
goodbye BAE it's been fun hanging with
you you enjoy your TV these guys are
nice lick it shocked me back again or
you're dropping me all the way back to
brighter yeah every time comes London
I'm just getting a lift back sick right
what food we gettin what snacks I've
still got your chocolate bars and early
in my fridge from the other day yeah
Paul sushi the ocean aloo - looks a
little bit grimy it does look like it's
been there all day eating healthy Steve
just said is hard at optimization
isn't it this is Claire's cream very
healthy yes Mac of chocolate shortcake
camera for Kate and some Thai sweet
chili Christ so chocolate chocolate
Chuck and Chris starter another starter
main course put in dessert and snack
wait can I just do this and then would
you put on that on the top of the hood
yeah okay Steven louia literally the one
this guy is they just dropped me all the
way back to Zoey's flat just casually
wants to use house which is like about
an hour maybe a little bit over an era
what woman Eddie to come back at our or
over an hour away and they just dropped
me all the way back there just casual on
ice are you guys I need to go and get
the Train no no I don't worry about that
will chop you back cause like so what an
hour just talking back and up there
driving straight back absolutely nuts as
we had snacks in the car make good chaps
we've got some big stuff in the pipeline
planning it at the moment together so
that's super super excite then I can't
speak right now you'll be able to plan
the future but it's super super cool
project now back to see Zoey got back to
zombies and then realized I still need
to edit which I haven't done because
I've just been incredibly rushed around
a busy today to edit oh how was that
good oh yeah my mum came here forgot my
mum came here today
it's going to say how is that by being a
bottle just randomly moved from my
bedroom but my mom came here today where
is everything
basically my mom dropped off all that
washing remembering yesterday's video I
am took all my washing to their laundry
wait what wait art in here yes guys look
at that
all of this won't there's all my pants
Wow look how many clean pairs a box that
I've got and trousers and socks yes that
makes me so happy it's a good zombies
never realized that I hadn't edit
haven't edited even though it is five
minutes to nine oh my gosh yesterday's
daily vlog and I normally upload without
fail every single day at 7 p.m. so I
needed to come back here to have to edit
that and get that video out for you so I
need to crack on off some editing y'all
right I'm just packing my bag now guys
to go back to Zoey's tonight we're going
to stay there because I've got a dentist
appointment tomorrow morning quite close
to so he's actually quite close to my
probably closer to mine than his desires
I wasn't really excused basically
haven't slept in the same bed to Zoey
for a while so it'd be good so can chat
and stuff because I'm properly seen her
man I'm absolutely knackered it is
currently 20 minutes to 1:00 in the
morning
and today I found out some really really
exciting news that I can't tell you
exactly but all I'm saying is is that if
you live in New York then get excited
because over the next couple of weeks
something big is happening with me and
New York and I'm so excited like beyond
excited so in the next couple of weeks
if you live in New York or near you in
New York or you can travel to New York
I'm not saying anything else that is all
I'm saying
but yeah I'm so so excited for that I
also got this today guys because you
know I haven't passed my driving license
yet so I still have to drive with that
on my car if I want to practice drivin
so boy that today so
like literally or Ben or Steve or Zoe or
Marcus or somebody cannot drive in the
car and I know I said then Ben is
currently in South Africa but yeah
somebody who is over 21 and 0 3 years
then if I put that on my car then I can
drive with the next me or my mum which
will be course I can practice I want to
get past my diamond license right I'm
going to end up here now guys because I
need to order a taxi and get over to
Zoe's and then I will see you tomorrow
when I am going to the dentist
bright and early and then tomorrow
evening is Zoe's product launch which as
you're watching this I will be as always
product along products I can't even
speak in the evening I can barely even
speak anymore
vlogging just kills my own voice and
which is going to be so so awesome and
I'm really excited that if you excited
give the video a thumbs up also guys
thank you so much I know I saying this a
lot at the moment we just thank you so
much for making so many awesome things
happen with us
and YouTube because at the moment we are
getting to experience together some
pretty crazy stuff this morning I was on
this morning I was on this morning that
is like insane I'm filming a video just
like in my in my little kitchen now and
earlier on I was in a massive studio on
this morning on TV like millions of
people watching life is crazy we get to
do some cool stuff together don't we
yeah I'll see you tomorrow guys thank
you so much for watching the video give
it a thumbs up if you enjoyed it one of
these yeah I love you so much
stay humble every time at the end of the
videos I'm gonna give you a couple of
little things that I think just stop the
dome and stay humble do more of what
makes you happy
and surround yourself with people who
make you a better person
I'll see you tomorrow I love you so much
