good morning guys or though I've
literally just ended the other vlog it
is currently half past eleven just
picked up the new iPhone 6 after waiting
from 1:00 in the morning sleeping on the
floor like we fought duvets and stuff
I'm gonna set on the thought is me and
Louie Steve and Nick and wow it was so
crazy last night
look at this door guys they match their
people got so excited life and they
smashed this door here and look having
to fix it now but I've got it and I
think then we're gonna sit down get some
breakfast and get them open and get
going guys it's time to open it I got
myself a leather blue case or you can
see me in there really really nice and a
128 gigabyte Speight is a Space Gray
let's burn Space Gray basically we all
got snaps knees the same yeah we all
just got to say right let's get this guy
open no chicken puff pastry pie after a
long session of queue and I've also got
over there she killed panel shop a lot
so kind of walking around the shop in
centre now because it's like 2 p.m. and
this is like my favorite kind of store
just gadgets and stuff
the pleasure
we just go back to the car and look at
this
yeah
everyone's gone
that's so funny driving back to my hotel
guys you look at the web
this is what what
so after driving in the most horrendous
weather you've ever seen your whole life
as you guys saw and for an hour and 45
minutes we've finally made it to my
hotel which has the worst tagging on
Google Maps ever not cool really not
cool guys we just drove around for like
45 minutes in the wrong direction cross
over to there and night ah such an FFL
sorry Steve Drive endure we're finally
here now I just need to check into my
room once I get a massage sitting on
that floor like 13 hours was not the one
so I'm currently editing yesterday's
daily vlog and we'll just order some
room service I want to see what this
looks like what's under here yes fish
finger sandwich no way that's not real
life
a shepherd's pie you two are meant to be
sharing that oh my god we've got pizza
guys yeah boy it's been good man see you
soon
I think six-team yeah yeah see you soon
man
Steve yeah we are now offered and if I
told you Colleen or Miranda you guys all
know
is performing in London tonight and
tomorrow and Louise hooked us up with
tickets he texts her and she's suing us
all out you excited excited but she
switches within both the character and
herself on the stage and parent it's
awesome so we'll see guys welcome in the
back entrance I'm so excited
so if you hear these songs into Pullum
just zoom in the mind like our place the
backwards with good ones ready
this is my favorite medley of songs for
you healthy and maybe you will be
another attractive voice
so we just snuck off now and that was
absolutely amazing like literally don't
over the last time I blocked that much
if she's selling any more tickets or any
more shows you guys need to go check
that I go to I don't she's so awesome
food because we are so hungry and
Colleen is still doing like signings and
meeting beers that's gay finding hey
guys this wasabi is the one this is the
one dinner time guys bye now
drink
Kaleem tonight well dad
the good guys in there a good man
I did to get everyone tomorrow
I mean just you know John our guys the
left it now was a long day remember
already had like two hours sleep last
night so the iPhone but it was amazing
getting to hang out with to leave
where's my little piggies kissing
where's my boo man just Salome here oh
here this
OH
let me in there we go
yo man there's someone else let in
my bed or something I'm like yeah it was
like the longest day ever but so good
bye guys I am going to bed now I'm
absent enacted what is the time oh I can
check my new iphone is currently half
past twelve which isn't even that late
but consider I got two hours sleep last
night
Oh mom and it's little things swaying
swaying about that little handy bit
because there's no I got Charlie last
night on probably not even two hours
that is very very late for me and I've
got my book signing tomorrow which is
gonna be so much fun but I just loves
hanging out with Louie and Nick and Ange
and Pauline and Rachel and everyone
today it was so much fun
and honestly guys I'm not just saying
this just because she's another new
cheeba I can't even describe how
talented Kaleem is like if you ever get
a chance like if I just take the risk
buy a ticket to see her because what I
saw tonight was freaking amazing and I
absolutely loved it so much I'm seeing
it again in November oh my god I'm so
excited
I don't know I just love seeing friends
that are doing really well for
themselves and having so much fun and
enjoying what they're doing and clean is
one of those people that work so hard
has so much fun makes so many people
happy and she had an awesome show today
which was really really cool
obviously Louie is about two million
subscribers so if you want to go check
out
his videos he does like the most crazy
daily blokes you've ever seen in your
whole life like ever I go to the Amazon
rainforest Mexico I don't even know like
anything in the world swimming well
sharks he's done that this week like
everything so yeah don't subscribe to
him as well fun for Louie but I'm gonna
stop bugging people for now plug in all
my friends for being so awesome and I'm
gonna try and get some sleep so thanks
so much watching today guys give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it and
I will see you bright and early in a few
hours tomorrow morning from a book
signing I love you guys so much we're
gonna have so much fun tomorrow hey guys
