guys it's my birthday you guys are all
so hope you sure they've just made me a
delicious breakfast look at all of this
no it's not shut up you guys and do I
look older I want you guys to comment
down below I think I'm I look like an
old man now yeah we're going to
breakfast and I haven't open any
presents yet
I don't like opening presents okay
embarrassed the I don't know boy if I
don't like them hey why what your in
case you know in case you don't like
than just impress your of like in there
in front of the person like yeah pop is
exactly the same if something is I have
the usual president I've got to go now
or they like send it in the Pope's
that'd be fine but opening it in front
of the person who gave it to you that
scares me right we're gonna eat order
this food now look at this my just
washin is ladies drink in the water we
just wash it as little oh my god
perfectly drink dinner literally upset
look at him I mean it's like an otter if
I did this with her with her pen he
would behave
we got guinea pig grooming session going
down cuz you bet on his head did you
like it he loves it love it
aha I'm solid Roy's own hair Hey
look at toothbrushes now
to punch guys I finished opening up all
my presents and eating everything like
that and give him the guinea pigs a
little wash and I thought I'd show you
what Zoe got me for my birthday come
here little one and explain for the
first present she numbered all of them
so the first one was this which is like
a wooden airplane and I won it that's
cool I can make an aeroplane what was
present number two with some nice gloves
which looked really really soft and
thick number three a nice little beanie
a nice new hat number four was from
people and Percy which you guys will
wanted to see on Twitter today open it
all up fully it's like the best
Christmas jump you've ever seen in your
life so it's got elves snowmen
gingerbread men reindeer and father
Christmas and it fits perfectly I put it
on number one two three four confuse as
I know I wasn't confused those are loads
like clothes and supper laughs number
five
confused me this one threw me off she
got me it says delicious take it out it
is literally just the world's biggest
Apple so what do you think Big Apple
means so well I was just like all these
things together shall we
o Christmas a Big Apple an aeroplane and
some woollen things well I was just like
I wanted to write what they think okay
right you've got ten seconds Technodrome
and I didn't think of anything oh they
were going to guess because because of
this part now but at the time I didn't
guess at all wow this is going in the
last present what was it sorry sure it
was this um in a box so that you
couldn't guess what it was yeah which is
the New York City guide and basically
our tickets to go to New York so sorry
got me plane tickets in the hotel to go
to New York over Christmas time with her
so we're going to have like a few days
in New York together
yeah I'm fine as Christmas presents
skating at present
yeah we can do everything like you know
when you got horsing I was encouraging
that through that Central Park is the
only other
ever been to New York has been for work
and we haven't got to see anything in
you yes it's just been like super light
you're going to the venue now to see
3,000 viewers and then you go and
straight back to the hotel and then you
go and straight to another venue and we
don't actually get to enjoy anything I
know a lot of people have said oh my god
you don't want to go to your good
Christmas it's so busy but like I cut my
carrots yeah that's what I want to go
Venus and all the Christmas lights very
bit the Christmas spirit and it's gonna
be so fun Zoe but this back in when you
do but this in March and I've been
saying since like three months ago three
or four months ago that I want to go so
bad and you put two ages ago and when
you know me well your holiness family
and he was like watching you art would
be so good if we went to New York around
Christmastime who's like it'd be so good
and me and his mum's like clock dies and
I was like he actually was good so I
wasn't really sure if that was something
fun so excited look at those people in
the sea over there they look like Oscars
they've got the feel from here as well
and oh good it's G I know they've
stopped now but they lie flat on their
backs and it's currently 4:00 p.m.
lunchtime
oh I'm vlogging and there's some people
outside standing outside so he's black
that please don't wait outside guys and
now the screaming guys we love meeting
you and bumping into you in the street
and guns events for waiting outside our
flats the shout in your name waiting
outside our flats
isn't really like panicky yeah it's not
very appropriate guys like we love
meeting you obviously and we love doing
all of this but waiting outside the
black intention so you're not you're not
doing it to be mean yeah no of course
thrown you're doing it in a nice way but
it's nice not to feel trapped inside
your flat and so please don't do that
just a little reminder in case you
forgot we are normal people and just as
much as you guys wouldn't like people
waiting outside your house for you we
don't really like it either but we know
you've only got good intentions but
please don't do it and what was I even
saying yeah it's like 4 p.m. now
and before we had screaming people and
it's like 4 p.m. now and we are going
for dinner at half past 6:00
so I need to get changed and everything
like that so yeah I'll see you we'll see
you in a little bit sorry what's
happened don't wash it out go wash out
sorry tried to open a moisturizer guys
and use her mouth to pull it opens it is
brand new
I like that and then it exploded all in
her mind not my hair yeah let's go bird
food in your mouth that nice we now got
all ready and we ready to go eat some
dinner how ready are you show me in one
move how ready you are Zoe's flat is
like the hottest thing on the whole
entire earth I think I've got a bit of a
bit in our beds about there I've been a
bit of an obsession for plain white
oversized t-shirts like I like t-shirts
that are very long at the moment not
necessarily white but just like come
down past a normal t-shirt then I've got
some little gray jeans on and my shoes
and yes we're going out for a meal with
my mum my dad my sister's boyfriend my
sister my grandma and my uncle who's
over from West my uncle from South
America so some words how he's moved
quite a lot recently I think he lives in
South America which is going really
really nice and then I don't really know
else is here
yeah okay let's go jump in the taxi just
before we leave as well I also want to
say thank you so much guys like so so
much for being so nice on like Twitter
and Facebook and Instagram and
everywhere you guys are going crazy with
the hashtag happy birthday Alfie and
it's been trending like number one and
number two like all day so you guys are
freaky
cool who is that Alfie gate who is it
happy birthday who don't I just talk
about what we're doing this weekend
Zoe's going back to her a little village
we're talking to you there and it just
reminded me that this Saturday obviously
I'm gonna be an Excel Centre in London
meeting the stupid amount of you guys
and that's gonna be like entertainment
everything so I'm doing a book signing
it is not the only one I'm doing don't
worry some people like what you only
doing one more in London nan and I I'm
doing loads more book signings but this
one is just the first date I'm allowed
to tell you and so it is this Saturday
24 September starting 12 o'clock lunch
time and I'm going to guaranteed to me
the first 1500 of you of the Excel
Centre so come along bring your family
members you don't your cat your brother
your sister your guinea pig you could
bring your guinea pig
I know it you're busy oh you put your
guinea pigs long but yes I'm so so
excited it's going to be so much better
than the last ones the last one was like
crazy busy but this one's going to be
it's going to be good this is rubber guy
for my birthday meal guys we always walk
past it I'm always like this place looks
so nice but I've never been in oh this
you kill your owl my parents built it so
I think it's gonna be nice guys look at
this look at the placemats they're all
pictures of me when I was younger this
is me wearing a dress fantastic
thank you so much yeah yes so cool oh
well it's not haha
boss that one here oh my god
me naked look at my place Matt guys I
think I'm ready
that's the sick guess my one's the best
so I think mine's the best and then what
do you think it incentives mom why am i
naked in every picture yeah your babies
are my eyes this room's really close
look at the massive balloons the south
Papi's going through my schoolbooks
mother now boy we've been asked to make
Matt your ideal sandwich means your
ingredients white bread Hector Chris oh
my god I remember doing this do you know
I did where were we
you know I did we had to make a sandwich
each in class I made a prom court our
sandwich yeah and then they wouldn't let
me eat into after lunch and it was all
stale and disgusted sigh got bad marks
not other school would you like like a
famish appetizing and delicious was it
healthy my sandwich was not healthy
because I have cocoa in it what would
you made what would abate just how much
better if I didn't put Marmite in my
sandwich
it would have made go my sandwich better
oh my god oh yes look at that going on
it's late honest answers two tix sebab
Ian Shaw and have got me like a little
bonsai tree it's no good
it was I thought you wanted one of these
for ages right why am i teaching it
because the guy is sure that you can
make ice cream I go to school you can
make anything fun sighs so they make
like Rosa Maria anything house or
outdoor plants bond right so this one's
tiny I swear it was like a firecracker
awesome oh my gosh good night Junior
some extra time stars like tingling my
tongues doing it now yeah yeah amazing I
can feel it I can feel that now guys
look at these little canapé so cute
guys or do some muscles don't know what
this is though said it looks like a bath
bomb from lush oh yeah that's hot
oh so the seeds don't come out that's it
catches though yeah I've got a lemon in
a bag that so cool guys look at this
stake and then a little peppercorn what
is it oh man this is amazing
nan look at last some spinach and some
awesome chips my birthday cake it's got
little macaroons on it my silver so nice
so guys if you cut your birthday cake
like that
and then now you push these two together
so you take out the middle then there's
no outside so it never goes out gate or
like hard finish shut the mail and now
we're back at Zoey's and look at all my
balloons I don't know why but I thought
I'd bring them all back
it says 21 in there somewhere and opened
all my presents for my parents my family
my grandma and my sister my sister's
boyfriend and my uncle and such a nice
meal how nice was that place where we
yeah it's so so nice yeah Hotel Japan is
like I've never been before they've been
a few times but it was absolutely lovely
and yeah that was what lovely yeah now
only one use that would year
extraordinary
yes zoiy is the word extraordinary is
funny and yeah that was such a good
birthday and now it is half past ten
my first is nearly over I don't want to
be 21 right guys I'm lit she's been
laying on my laptop now relax hidden for
like an hour or so and so is in bed so I
think we're going to watch a movie
together now and the choices that I've
picked are either kick ass 2 or
stepbrothers she doesn't know the
choices yet but thank you so much for
today
today has been the best birthday ever
I've just got to relax I did have an
interview and a meeting as well and
that's probably why didn't stop filming
too later on in the day
oh no hiccups now they yeah I've had
such a nice relaxing day with my family
and I know it's my 20 person in America
that means you can drink and everyone
goes crazy and has like big parties on
the 21st but I've been so busy recently
with like TV interviews radio books
sign-ins everything like that so many
meetings that I just wanted to have a
day where just relax and don't do
anything that I need to do and I mean I
did have a meeting and an interview
today
but other than that it was all just so
so relaxed so really really enjoyed it
and you guys are showing me so much
crazy spawn line so thank you so much
everything you guys do it means so much
to me and yeah give the video a thumbs
up for my birthday let's see how many
thumbs we can get birthday thumbs up go
down below and click the thumbs up
button and I will see you tomorrow
21:21 that's crazy I remember when my
cousins turned 21 and I was like they're
my cousins are oh they look grown-ups
and now I'm 21 I don't know I think I'm
going to get some - some fun stuff
tomorrow maybe hanging out Steven Louie
I'm not too sure yet but you'll see I'll
see you tomorrow guys I love you so much
