good morning how you doing today I'm
going on BBC Breakfast which is just
going to be absolutely insane let me
check the time for you
where's something with the time right my
watch it is currently 10 minutes to 7:00
in the morning 10 minutes to 7:00 for
you there maybe early if you go to
school or college or work or uni or
something for me that is just insane
like 10 minutes to 7:00 now when you're
on TV you're not allowed to wear like
branding so I bought a plain white
t-shirt another plain my t-shirt and
then I bought a t-shirt that says Navy
on it but that's kind of not not really
that branding because the company's not
called Navy so I need to decide what to
wear but I also need to do my hair and
get ready and everything cuz I'm just
editing the daily vlog now and I thought
that I would add one extra little clip
in even though this is kind of the next
day anyways right tomorrow morning on
Wednesday the 17th of September which is
also a birthday Amity fest tour tickets
come out says so I don't even know aunty
Pistorius basically me Marcus Joe caster
no me Louise Jim Tanya and Zoe I think
that is everyone if I forgot one person
I'm so so but I think that is everyone
we're doing any tour and we're basically
going to do like a little intimate tour
first just to see where you guys want us
to go and have a little practice on
stage get to know what you guys want us
to do on stage and you'll see how
everything goes so from the 17th of
September which is tomorrow if you're
watching this the day this video comes
out tickets go and sell some of them
don't say that 9 a.m. some of them go
sale at 10:00 a.m. so they'll be linked
down below right now to where tomorrow
morning you can buy tickets to come and
see us a common we're exactly overdoing
it but it's only a small little intimate
also there won't be many tickets
available so if you want one you're
going to have to get it literally
tomorrow morning on the dot or get
somebody else to get it
your school or college or work or
something like that so I'm super excited
the other guys are so excited as well so
tomorrow morning 9 a.m. and 10 a.m.
obviously we're gonna be tweeting about
their Amity fest there's links down
below
I'm TFS calm and grab it again come and
see us if it's going to be so awesome
there's a VIP tickets everything so you
can meet us so you can hang out with us
and it's gonna be good right back to the
bar and we'll dress now let me quickly
show you in the mirror what I'm wearing
so I'm wearing a plain white t-shirt
school it's got like a little like it
looks like it's inside out kind of some
jeans that are rolled up and then my
like pins battery shoes and my hair is
just like to the side a little bit
fluffy and then now I'm gonna go grab
some breakfast because my stomach is
like girl on all I live groaning look at
this crazy viewed oh there's the BBC
building wants to wait for my left
that's Oh another be received a this is
my breakfast everything I'm getting is
so that I can't spill it on myself till
I go on and then it's what you're not no
TV up here with me and Joey doing yoga
what do you think you'll be fine I'm
scared
just one minute I'm so nervous I'm
sweaty
oh my god there's seven million people
the nervousness life today the biggest
life you have ever done on you now is
36,000
Amazon charts and he was mobbed at a
recent book signing in London Alfie
deyes is one of the most popular
vloggers in the UK so let's start the
beginning if you haven't heard of
logging is the video blogging she's
going to explain it to me but I do know
what it is increasingly popular among
teenagers and young people Alfie dropped
out of university to continue doing
after his YouTube videos but virtually
anything became so successful he decided
to make a career we talked to him in
Alfie yeah so we have a little look at
what what he does afterwards ok so I'll
be very good morning very good morning
to you I was quite a few of these videos
this money how did it start first all so
I've watched YouTube for like years and
years now and then back in 2009 I was
like I might give it a go myself like
I've got to know these people online
that I wouldn't know without you to be
in there and I wanted to see whether I
could like make friends and get people
to know me who wouldn't get to know me
without it and when did you realize you
onto something as in the people wanted
to kind of watch you more than just your
mates yes when I put my first video got
like a hundred views and oh my god this
is like crazy this is insane but then I
realized it probably just like my mom
and me watching it again but it's just
growing and growing and growing to
something quite a growing hasn't it
so so it's kind of like I suppose what
it's your own TV channel is that what it
is no you occasionally put things up
there yes it's like a page on YouTube
and then I can upload videos whenever I
want to it yeah and upload probably
about ten videos a week at the moment
and just give people a sense at home how
many people watch those videos you can
be my last month was like 37 million TV
channel yeah would be really happy with
those figures yeah it's insane and
essentially I mean that brief clip I
know you do all sorts of things but
you're kind of do figure out yeah yeah
unfair no I think no I think that's what
people like about is that I'm just like
a normal person and I'm not an anything
special I'm just like them and I just
have a bit define and make make a fool
of myself and just mess about how do the
ideas come up for Billy in the shower or
when I can't sleep and I like laying in
bed and one of my favorites is with your
mum yeah who obviously knows a lot you
know
she's kind of you know she understands
what you're talking about she really
likes it she really likes it so you've
also got the book on Avenue and the book
in a funny kind of way looking through
it it's quite old-fashioned yeah you
know it's sort of things to do and like
you know join the dots yeah yeah no
that's what I thought the idea behind it
is because with my youtube channel I
make so many memories and I saved so
much like so many moments of my life and
I thought it'd be cool for people to
have something to fill out themselves
and look back on and laugh at and are
you laughing of yourself because you
call it it's the point the point is
blanket is that what you're doing is
yeah it's just like a bit of fun that
you don't have to tune into you don't do
what you have to do but it's there for
you only
now I without wishing to bring in a kind
of cynical money head into yes there
will be people thinking because we've
seen stories like this before where you
know younger people come up with amazing
ideas and lo hold they become
millionaires because there's a fight
there moment what's the what's the kind
of money side of all this how does that
work it's basically once you get like a
certain amount of views on YouTube you
accept if like a revenue split with
Google and they give you like a little
bit of money and they take a little bit
of money advertising revenue yeah and
there's like an advert that pops up when
you watch a video right and I'm lucky
enough that it yeah it pays the bills
which is amazing because it just lets me
be able to put in like full time hours
into doing what I love okay and what's
about I mean for example one of them one
of the videos how long does that take
you to do it it's very a lot sometimes
it'll take like a few days and sometimes
it can maybe take like five or six hours
yeah it times what you're making okay I
just want to give people a sense as well
as them your book signing were you sort
of impressed by the amount of people who
turned out there's something I notice
about these young they're young ladies
aren't they yeah is that most of your
fanbase yeah the majority of the viewers
are between 18 and 24 but then obviously
they're very like big audience of very
keen young females they really are how
can society I mean I'm sort of mindful
of that watching this out conscious you
of how much of your your private life
you've put into what you do because
there is their line you want to draw
because we offer we open warm people
yeah putting too much of themselves on
social media things I just wonder wait
how you had you kind of get asked that
and I now film every day of my life and
puts everything down every single day
the next day you my life is up online so
there's like I got asked the other day
can you tell us something that nobody
knows and I was like I can't think of
anything you know I literally can't
think of anything and that we don't
think it's good because then it reflects
like the true meet online yeah which is
always nice and it's not like a carry
brave thing to do that yes Gary
obviously there are moments like if I
hurt myself I'm not gonna film it put it
online because I might be upset or
something but more or less everything
yeah it's good to talk to you thank you
very much now whose book is called the
pointers book is that right now that was
so much fun guys oh my god like
beforehand
I know I've logged it so you could see
but you probably couldn't see how
nervous I actually was like I was
literally I thought sick I've never done
TV before never done that live TV before
especially 7 million people watching so
so nervous but I think it went all good
I think it went really really well
well ok well as soon as I walked in the
room they were both so like Louise and
Charlie was so welcoming and so friendly
to me and they would say oh yeah we
watch your videos this this or I love
Longview mom and they're like chat
matter how does it go in did you go to
uni and all just like chat and really
really nice stuff and we had a couple of
minutes talking and just sitting down
together and then we were obviously live
and they're like they're so awesome at
their job they are so awesome and
literally made me feel so comfortable
and obviously I always forget that
whenever you're in the room like with TV
kind of studio so I've been before I've
never been on them but I've like seen
exilim how they work in things before
there's not many people in the room so
in that studio it's hard to believe that
there is only like three other people's
there's the two presenters then there's
like
and somebody who hit phone on an Apple
headphone on and I don't even think
there's a cameraman you know I think
it's all robotic like you go in the room
and it's like nobody's there so you
don't even feel nervous or scared
because there's just like nobody there
so or certain side that was just crazy
my first ever TV experience unlike the
biggest TV show that frickin is
wow that was insane I'm now at
Manchester train station and it is
quarter to 10:00 still so early normally
I probably would just be waking up by
now and then what even on live TV then
you go back to London and I don't know
what I do what I'm gonna do when I get
to London so you're gonna have to think
up something fun maybe I'll get in touch
with somebody and hang out some other
some other youtuber or something like
that so we'll have to say good look it's
like the soup service
just off the train for two and a half
hours and then back in London but now I
just been texting Steve I just currently
2412 in Texas Steven I'm gonna go meet
with him so choose now and then get
another train
I just got to the station now where
Steve lives finally here no more
traveling for today and I'm just gonna
wait for him to come and pick me up
which is all good but he's one of those
people kind of like me that is always
late but he is worse than me Steve if
you're watching man you are a long head
it is currently 18 minutes past 1:00
let's see how long it takes him to get
here he told me to tell him when he was
like when I was 15 minutes away and I
did so let's see just had an update from
Steve I don't if you can see it it says
bro I've lost my keys and then he checks
me again send them on my way now are you
there yet Steve man can you update us on
the exact time is 137 one day seven you
guys can do the math the time when I got
here to be like right let's see how long
Steve James I actually lost my keys I
did know you didn't find them okay now
Steve with a local hero
look at you really love that look at
this can you do this I'm learning at any
moment it's very yes Steve needed some
milk yesterday and just around the
corner to a shop and there's
knuckle-walking like this guy's he went
on a on a run yesterday when was the
last thing about the foster day long
time ago yeah I literally I don't even
want to sing about running and he's now
hobbling along are we ending about yours
now
yeah I'm gonna head back to States oh I
need to edit the daily blog and upload
our Bay's having some food aren't you
she is loving it and we're just we're
watching back mind group on the small
angle side here we go
have you seen it Joe I'm so nervous man
book signing in London happy days is one
of the most popular bloggers okay so
let's start the beginning if you haven't
heard of vlogging is the video blogging
I do who's that guy I cannot wait look
yeah okay that's not yes I cannot wait
to get old are they can eat best friends
yeah yeah dogs rap they're not going for
a walk can you put her in your car yeah
you got yeah bring it to bite it and
then I'll bring my plug up here as well
in Italy once I passed my driving
lessons which is like tomorrow soon
don't say Troy these guys are gonna
leave you soon look how good Bayers
pretty bit may catch it Wade your own
horse
I imagine now she just didn't stop just
took you out she's so good way it's been
good man yeah yeah it is everything
taught me and Steve hanging out it's
always such Russian like matter but get
trained got to get back good go do this
and Steve so oh my god was a visit go do
this so we're gonna hang out soon arm
way we are thinking the day after a
birthday that is this Thursday yeah
we're gonna hang out we're gonna get
LOUIE LOUIE lands that morning not tired
pick him up we've gone a bit of an
adventure yeah yeah I'll see any bear
come on safe trip so to go to London
Waterloo station now and I'm about
stopped in a taxi which I've just
ordered to go to Zoe's hotel so I'm
gonna stay at Hotel tonight
awesome the massive this room is and
there's a bath down there in the floor I
kind of got a lot of Madonna's trust but
there's some reasons those the DeSoto
doesn't do room service which is strange
so the only option was either this or
burrito from the translation and we
opted for this did you have a good day
today yeah
missus yummy no no sorry how you gonna
get up in the morning you said and
describe how you're gonna go up in the
morning why are you gonna go back about
you're not gonna sleep you're not gonna
sleep tonight
yeah the more you can get up like a
badger Zoey said put him doesn't say
that I'm worried but that's not an
animal is it you can sleep now
say good night good night alright guys
you can't see me because it's pitch
black in here I don't let me sleep now
thanks so much follow me around today
thanks to all the sport on BBC Breakfast
on Radio 1 3 million subscribers
everything recently you guys make me so
happy
like
I don't know what to say thank you so
much everything this is weird blogging
knowing that you can't even see me at
all but I love you guys so much like
honestly you watching this right now
means so so much to me so keep doing
what you're doing give the reader films
if you enjoyed it I'm sharing my thumb
but you can't see it it's pitch-black
give it a thumbs up and I will see you
or don't even come handy with the camera
at the end because it's already dark
I'll see you tomorrow morning
that guys still command over the camera
