in that job oh my god is a wasp no I
have no like a horny or some desolate
yeah you okay Missy
should I get a piece of card and let you
go at the bottom of the game good
morning guys good morning how you doing
feeling quite good today you know
considering yesterday was ours Alfie
work party so this is currently
aftermath not all of this stuff we also
had a food delivery last night at like
10:30 all of this and then outside over
here all of there's game over there I'll
show you been playing archery down the
bottom in the garden how fun was
yesterday it was just so bloomin good
people here making us all that cocktails
at the bar we had like chef sink and can
everyone food I literally think I had
honestly about 12 cocktails last night
and for some I've done a have some
reason I'm up a half past eight in the
morning and I feel quite good do you
feel good Missy - yeah fun of everyone
yesterday playing in the garden all day
you can like like people might think
this is a mug it's not as a freaking
measuring jug let me tip that you film
in case it gets me we might as well get
on camera I don't think I can be near
you when you're doing this you know how
scared you are of like spiders all that
I think this is the thing that I'm most
scared of in all the world
oh yeah oh God how many times you get
feel the weight of it on there well if
it stings you could face Alfie what if
it stings you through the paper that's
not good that is mean Nala was trying to
bloody eat it
oh yeah no no no further down gorgeous
cuz Nala is gonna be running around
there put it in the hedge if you have no
idea what I'm talking about so far today
yesterday was a let me show you here
team selfie sports day these were the
final results three legged egg-and-spoon
race tights on head sack race donut
hoopla walbro race what is this one
rounders and teams alpha quiz 2000
points - um Elfie 1785 points team Zoe
we won we won smashed it one of the
games this one the dumb-dumb donut toss
we got this custom made for us by
dum-dum donuts and I had green team
obviously Zoe at pink team and you stood
at different levels and you have to ring
toss it was so sick or get it through
the middle honestly guys this was
probably my favorite game of the day
look how much alcohol we've got now so
the bar the people that we hired I
didn't realize all the alcohol came with
it which means that we get to keep all
the alcohol that we didn't use
so we've now just got like tons of
bottles of half drunk alcohol all to add
inside what is that no idea to add to
our alcohol collection like if anyone
ever wants a drink or a cocktail or
something was there our house we've now
got tons more variety add which is cool
anyways I need to stop blogging because
we've got Tonya and Jim coming over
literally any minute of in the next like
hour and I want to want to blitz this
place and get it back
get it back to what it should look like
everything is completely tidy and all of
the outside as well as all done and tidy
have finished and everything is back to
normal already I just remembered that
there was one clip that I did actually
film yesterday because of her to the day
off of login for the party but there was
one kid that I did film which was a
present that I sorted out for Zoey and
myself so I like oh insert a clip now so
in the midst of our party at the moment
everyone Oh everyone's outside but you
can't see them though around the corner
we're just getting drinks and everything
we've got the bar there and all people
cooking us food and stuff but did you
see you need to close your eyes a parcel
has arrived for Zoey and just leave yeah
and don't open your eyes don't open your
eyes put your hands out don't open your
eyes now let's go nuts a treat in the
background there you go yeah anyway mate
give out today it's real yeah this one
so these are the brand new iPhone eights
that came out today we're literally we
don't have to unset up everyone's
downstairs this is the brand new one 256
gigabyte that's it
oh my god I'm so excited to use this but
this camera is so much better than this
one mouth alright let's leave it there
oh let's go back to the party literally
day of release they came out this
morning no I haven't even seen one
person on Twitter tweet a picture that
they've got one but I didn't get it
orbiting their gorge yesterday to set it
up but this is the brand new iPhone 8
there has been so much hype over the
iPhone 8 and especially obviously the
iPhone 10 coming out in November
oh man my work phone is an iPhone 7
small or an iPhone 6 small as you know I
dropped that phone the other day at the
airport as you know and the screen is
smashed so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna make this phone my work phone and
this one my new purse
I need to go into the office and get
another get another PB phone case time
they're about 55 minutes away from the
house um properties coming over as well
hello
that is not English that is definitely
not English as well in during lunch both
made chicken sound of apps for lunch
Cheers you just got lipstick all over
look at that
let's not be true that is what I'm
talking about that is impressive
no my kids took the biggest ones they
are quite far to carry a brownstone pick
up your own fruit strawberries
raspberries loganberries Tabor ease I
don't even know what else they do they
do bloom and everything marrows sweet
corn pumpkins got the whole gang here
but Zoe poppy Tonya Jim she know I'm
playing with the new ILS 47 have you
cracked your screen oh no go Anton gone
Sean we started off with the runner
beans
Tanya got a couple of other beans put
them in her bag and then decided that
she doesn't like run amines so now we're
going these blackberries I like
blackberries you're not ready to that
very purple you've got breathe
maybe they're prosperous yeah guys look
at the size of Tanya's been something
good in there though they could just be
in the ground like potatoes ah
you know I told you about the farmer
woman that could be her over there from
last time yeah
he's out the soil everyone she does
that's what she looks like though last
time when we were here I'm sure there
was a woman who looked like she just
climbed out the bush she was all like
proper muddy from being him with the
plants
yo there that is a big old button of
course we could
they're courgettes circular courgettes
yeah these are oranges and their cause
yaps we're trying to find the biggest
best pumpkin oh that's a good one
have you dropped out is it flat yes flat
on one side isn't there oh that is
really flat on one side the other side
that's all it'd be so easy to cut though
yeah hey do you know the good thing as
well because it's like half empty it's
not very doesn't take much to hollow out
because over DeHoff it's already missing
I want to find a like a football site is
around what oh this is a good one and
he's still connected
this could be Oh anyone else getting
spiked oh yeah you've got your hand
crews rubbed out oh my gosh oh no I'm
killing it do you think it can feel it
well II know it no they don't
Oh No hey this is my one let me see it
Zuri says she's found the good run oh
that is a good one should I turn it
round like you heard that I know but I
would just give it give it a little a
little spin before oh there's a worm
underneath that I'm currently carrying
the world's biggest pumpkin back to back
to the car I need to go purchase it this
is so heavy
the boys have got one each as well the
girls are about to try and have a
picture of them holding the pumpkins but
I kind of don't want to break though his
back no he's fine right going back in
Jim's jag check this out
what you doing why are you in my house
Tom made me a cup of tea
wow this looks good this looks amazing
you can plug a few empty Tommy a big cup
of tea this is probably the biggest tea
you can possibly make
I think it's good I think I need a
biscuit I try not to I try not to have
sugar so I think it's good you pride
yourself and make a good one is he all
right that was one of the craziest
videos you can choose whichever one you
want
yeah pins no it's not really there like
this tea I really hope it's on time
because she I am nice if the ironic that
pops on poppy p33
that's the worst one yeah boy one
perfect night
oh three oh no Jimbo no in Borneo
I'm very serious
gotta go on three
pick wisely there's no one here look
oh this one this one yeah one of the top
four no that wasn't one yet there's no
one I'm gonna go Oh lemon echo good boy
always pushed one of my pictures out
come on yes there's only one two three
yeah no they like stretch you under one
one Tanya's go what do you want it to
pop that's a bad thing yeah you lost
look how far they were in though that's
crazy
physics be gentle Oh
one two oh shut up
No look at the shape of that balloon
that's not real I did it so I mean
there's no way you're gonna fall deep
knowledge in yeah you're the rock on bro
you got this - oh my god half an hour
late to pick up our dinner so much road
closure and traffic trying to disperse
all the food throughout the boot so that
it doesn't spill everywhere I think as
long as I Drive carefully as long as I
Drive carefully I think that should
about do it that vlog that you're
watching now right this second
and that was the last clip I filmed
yesterday because weirdly and annoyingly
you guys you know I have acid reflux
really really badly I suffer with it
I've had tons of tests at the doctors
and cameras down my throat and biopsies
taken and stuff yesterday my acid reflux
started really flaring up last night as
soon as I got back I tried to eat my
dinner but I was just in absolute agony
too much pain so I just went to bed and
everyone else at their dinner
I didn't eat I just put mine in the
fridge and I ended up falling asleep at
like 11 o'clock listening to like a
calming app to try and calm me down will
not need to calm my chest down really
yeah so that's about it for the vlog I
enjoyed it I enjoyed the pumpkin
beginning I'm feeling much better today
today's blog gone up tomorrow for you
it's crazy so get excited for that if
you enjoyed the drone footage give the
video a thumbs up if you liked the the
gang hanging out Tanya and Jim and Joe
subscribe if you're not already leave
some lovely comments and I'll catch ya
catch you tomorrow good night guys
