good morning guys I'm in London at the
moment with Maddie how you doing
and we are just off to BBC Radio 1
because I don't know if I told you
yesterday maybe I'm going on the mat
Edmonson show today which will be cool
so we're just walking towards the
building now it's nice and early ish
half past eleven that's quite early for
me out to get up stupid out it like 8:15
or something which was hard but I made
it here just on the way now
guys look what we're reading this is
this the Sun Sunday Times
look who's number one Sunday Times
bestseller us so crazy so so crazy so
I'm just waiting now to go on I've
probably got about seven minutes left
until live on the air and it's being
videoed as well between some guessing
loads you guys are watching but Matt
just came out and said hello and we're
doing something basically we're like I'm
planking on him like laying on top of
him and then I have to answer questions
I have to see how long I can hold the
plank for but I'm not too strong so I
think I'm probably only going to get
like at 30 seconds or something I don't
know it's will say apparently they're
filming it and then they're gonna give
me the footage so I'll cut the footage
now hello and welcome Alfie deyes how
are you I'm good how are you I'm really
well it's very nice to see you and if
other people watch you as well they can
do we're gonna turn the cameras on a BBC
doctor UK / radio on in five four three
two is this traumatic enough do you
think oh yeah this is good why would I
say hello to the Internet hey guys hey
they know you they know you you'll pick
on the internet so for people who maybe
are going I kind of know the name Alfie
deyes but remind me tell us about
yourself nothing I basically make like
weird little Internet videos on YouTube
and for some reason people watch that
it's so massively popular I just Gary
isn't sucked into one now watching you
cuddling puppies and guinea pigs you
kind of used to lots of people are
giving you attention though you've been
on a book tour recently right has that
been going we tried to do a book tour
and I did the first like signing in
London and 8,000 people game is nuts is
insane yeah so did you have to sign
8,000 books
shutting down yeah they shut it down I
only got to meet like 1500 people or
something which was awesome
I felt so bad everyone outside so we've
got some big plans coming up okay yeah
you need to like a big gig or something
yeah or just photocopy a signature and
send out guest and that's the way to do
yeah yeah
Alfie deyes you are here are you ready
for playing all over me I weren't so
ready I don't know yeah I'm as ready as
I'm ever gonna be
that's good that's I will take that
answer let me get the floor bear with me
okay
his body and his way on just his toes
and his forearms he's gonna do the plank
it's what's called plank all over me
I've got some questions are they ready
does with the questions good so your
time starts now off you go
no I need the weed
Musti well these Pilkington he's a weird
celebrity crush yeah would you go all
the way with him
no accent would you say you're the worst
of doing oh my god every accent yeah
yeah let's let's try Welsh well which
right you do on first hello there I'm
Stephan Powell in the news today the
news today you see my entire face there
yeah we I could put my tongue I'm not
going to why is your favorite yoga
position this one to you Oh God he's
gone
oh my gosh the full body weight of alfie
deyes is upon me that's right let's stop
and let's get a result what did we get -
can we find out the top score was Lucy
mech with 209 209 209 yep I can tell you
come on you got to oh one which is very
good beating Jamie from Union J right
Alfie thank you very much nice to see
you thank you
come on again soon and hopefully break
your plank all over the record alright
yeah and good luck with a new radio on
show it starts very soon here and as I
said tomorrow Jack and Dean from line of
clocks you know I just I've circled the
dock game I have mentioned on this
channel couple of days notes on there
when I was away how are you finding
everything guys look Maddie beat my
score honors not focusing focus focus in
14 steps yes damn you I hate doing for
somebody a game and they became diabetic
I let Marcus have a go we must walk
Radio One's was absolutely
say like that was so so much fun thank
you so much them that have me on the
show those awesome and now just
finishing up things that I got to do in
London I didn't buy some clothes from
tomorrow my face tomorrow I'm going to
be breakfast offices I said good to go
buy some clothes for that look at my
fringe we'll just do it and then my
friends are on the way in now to London
to come and meet me let's go in here
so I've hung out with my friends now and
had Oh someone's ringing me one set so I
finished hanging out my friends which
was really really nice to catch up with
college people I didn't really want to
film it because sometimes it's just not
one of those things that on a film I
just thought I would enjoy here without
a camera in their faces and then wearing
fernandes with them which is really
really nice and now I have got
something like 18 minutes or something
like that to catch a train and I was
going to make it sauce on the tube but
then the tubes African rubbish aren't
they so it was like an fixed or mended
or something so basically you can't go
any further than what it did so now I've
had to run outside order a taxi to try
and get me there as quick as I can and
I've got my friend that wait at Euston
station if they're already on time the
train I feel bad because I put such an
effort recently to get to places on time
but I suppose I thought really help if
attacked they attacked I wish if a tube
needs to be fixed so I don't know at
this point I'm going to make you one on
guys that's my train going
that is so annoying
so we ended up having to wait to the
next train but it wasn't too bad we're
now on it I've got my Nando's restaurant
my little play
I finally made it to my hotel room guys
and I thought I would give you a little
hotel room tour so at you eight will go
from the door fatso by the door you walk
in and then you have this bathroom here
moving nice little bar nice shower and
there is myself hey how you doing and
then we have sink the toilet and then
it's very than that then oh what is that
oh it's like a safe oh good little
fridge
what's in the fridge no it's locked
because I didn't put my card on it
downstairs
damn it doesn't matter that I saw
somebody outside in another room had
room service so I already know that I'm
gonna be getting that then we got a
mirror here Hey
and then my bed some little stool just
sit on two issues a TV a little desk in
the chair right test the bed out oh let
me put my spine that is really comfy
like seriously comfy I am happy I've got
to stay up here tonight so that I can do
the BBC Breakfast no tomorrow which I am
so excited but also scared for that I've
never done have ever done TV not
properly I've done like small interviews
that went on TV but I've never done
proper TV like live TV and just to give
you a little insight if you don't know
BBC Breakfast is because it's quite a
lot of older people to watch here the X
Factor per week get 6.2 million viewers
Strictly Come Dancing per week yet 6.4
million viewers BBC Breakfast per day
get 6.8 million people watching 6.8
million no editing no messing up and
then getting to say it again I'm so
excited but I'm so so scared guys that
is just insane and it's all about my
book and it's all thanks to you guys
like radio one earlier was just crazy
like literally I'm just talking to like
a tiny little handheld camera in a hotel
room in the middle of Manchester lie
just some random kid called Alfie and
then I get to go on Radio one for like
half an hour and tomorrow I'm gonna be
BBC Breakfast and I've got a book out on
my book today is number one bestseller
in their Sunday Times also oh my god how
did I even forget to vlog this my
laptops in my bag so I can't get it out
and show you but a minute going us on
the train up here with NAT who's come up
to look after me and help me do like
make everything run smoothly tomorrow on
the show we were on my laptop watching
youtube videos and stuff and I refreshed
my youtube channel and I hit three
freaking million subscribers three
million three I don't know my god this
has just been a crazy day Radio One BBC
Breakfast in the morning three million
subscribers I don't even know I don't
know what to say I'm gonna try and order
a massive chocolate pudding or cake or
something and that hot chocolate to
celebrate and I don't care if it's
unhealthy and I'm just going to keep me
up all night because of the sugar and
everything because I hit three million
subscribers and I'm by myself in a hotel
room and don't have anyone to celebrate
with I wish that some of you guys were
here so that we could have a massive
party but sadly I'm by myself right I'm
gonna try and order some food now and
see where they've gotten the menu so
I'll catch you on the flipside in a
little bit hi they can order some food
please let's loosen leave a chicken and
they can I also get a chocolate cake
with chocolate sauce and you do a hot
chocolate could I get a hot chocolate as
well that's great perfect thank you so
much wait come here also she was like I
was like can I get a hot chocolate she's
up mmm mmm maybe I I'm like this is
where'd you read the Kyle you can't make
a hot chocolate like if you have the
ingredients and this is like yes
Starbucks do hot chocolate so I'll get
your hot chocolate
does that mean that she's gonna go all
the way to Starbucks to get me a hot
chocolate because if she does then damn
also guys I've got some massive massive
massive news that I forgot to tell you
that I found out today basically let me
get let me get all cozy for this run let
me get ready base oh this is springy me
one more pillow basically I have got the
update on the book signing and it is
only for one date I can tell you that
other dates all being sorted but I can
tell you about one date so because the
London signing was absolutely insane
then so overwhelming and we weren't
prepared for how many of you were
actually gonna come I didn't get to meet
a lot of you so I am someone's ringing
me sorry where was I they were saying
that they didn't have my credit card
details on the hotel room so I had to
quickly give them that basically so so
many of you came to London that it was
just absolutely insane so this Saturday
Saturday the 20th of September I am
doing another book signing in London I
am doing it at the Excel Centre in
London I know it is like a first-come
first-served basis and I'm going to try
and see all of you but 100 percent I'm
going to see the first 1,500 people
minimum I'm going to meet the first
1,500 of you the turn up so if you want
to meet me
this time you bring your own book along
like there is literally nowhere to buy
on the day so go to awards stones or if
you preorder Amazon already or go to
directs me and pick one up and bring it
on bring it along although I'm getting
so excited I bring it along on the day
and I will sign the first 1500 of you
that come through the doors
it is the XO Center which is an awesome
venue
it is massive so it can look after all
of you and it will be safe and there
won't be any like stampedes of people
like last time and people like banging
on doors and stuff it will literally be
so much better so much safer so much
more fun I'll get to meet so many more
of you and it is just gonna be amazing I
will hopefully get there like areas
where I can stand up higher I can at
least speak to all and see you all but I
would definitely meet the first one
thousand five
you minimum yeah it's gonna be so much
fun so I will leave a link and details
to that down below tell all your friends
tell your grandma tell your dogs tell
your brother tell your sister tell your
pet monkey I don't know tell everyone
tell everyone to come come with your
friends and I'm so so excited to meet
you there I want this to be bigger and
better than last time because it is
going to be like so safe so secure you
guys have got so much more fun things to
do boss you're there and it is just
gonna be amazing I love meeting you guys
and now I get to me even more of you but
as all same guys the rest of the tour is
being sorted but this is just the first
date that I can tell you so don't worry
there will be other dates coming in the
future I'm not exactly sure when but
this London one is this Saturday in the
Excel Centre starting at 12 p.m.
lunchtime so be there or be square today
no one else needs to say that were you
when you were younger be there or be
square
maybe that's just me so this is my
pasture and chicken delicious I haven't
looked at this yet oh my god three
million subscribers and now for my drink
they went to Starbucks and got me a hot
chocolate best hotel ever I finished
eating all my food now guys and I am
literally so retired so I'm going to end
the vlog here is currently 31 minutes
past 11:00 at night which is super early
for me but after about half 6:00 in the
morning so I've literally got seven
hours sleep from one minute ago so I'm
going to end the vlog now thank you so
much watching guys thanks for 3 million
subscribers radio one everything
tomorrow my tour Wow give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it thumbs up
for 3 million subscribers go down below
and click that thumbs up for me here 3
million subscribers you guys are so
awesome I will see you tomorrow morning
bright and early for once on BBC
Breakfast so I'll see you tomorrow I
love you guys so much
good night
