good morning guys hey how you doing
why you wearing sunglasses like that bye
guys bye
and now I think of my dilemma to shut
them out we are off for breakfast now
and that is its Gabi coming oh no me Zoe
papi Sean is Gabi coming all there it is
all of us liquid very is wearing today
show them what you're wearing
Selfridge top for H&M skirt from Primark
boots my sauce your lips if we like kind
of match in she realized earlier luckily
I'm not wearing black jeans i watch
women completely matching then we offer
breakfast now are they still in there
wait yeah you're there and my Fergie on
this weekend if you look up here you can
see the boy that holds the lift
not yet not really what you can see
improve if we go downstairs it's like
tiny the wire that holds the whole it
feels like this that is so scary
you guys look at this breakfast this
looks in same you got blue me what you
guys being healthy how happy you yours I
don't know what we're in this shop
Papi's taking us in here don't know what
is that noise this then oh I'm gonna
break something on I I know
all juggling balls skipping ropes is
this a duck family I don't know why
finds the focus so interested guns oh
well that's gonna pay then what's this
water extinguish offender we just bought
poppier weight on the way back oh hey
let me try that one is it hard
does your on snappy white you showing me
how to do it you showed me how to do it
come on yeah that hurt your rest guys
are your turn fine lunch I feel bad
because it's gonna snap you're off are
you kilograms ah yes ha ha ha now you
try it
Rickey ha write something down here down
and up
and then like that yeah Oh God say down
and one action swing that no that's not
ear oh wait you're facing down flip no
okay down flip it over and then up this
down flip that's annoying
yeah bigger than your these guys off to
wait to is now to go get some food good
bye
okay hey I'm going to stay here and show
um stand here as well and you can edit
yesterday's daily vlog can you make
often you do it can you make sure that
you buy loads of nice food
things he wanted might get back and
you're like where's a good ice Oh what
do you want I'm gonna buy all that
you're going yeah I don't know what I
want all right
you're not allowed to come it just goes
only just get lots of nice stuff get
lots of have you got your bags they're
bigger than you you could fit inside
there shopping
bye where's Gaby gone oh you buying all
my battery brings from Waitrose whoa
that's not that's not that good at wait
birthday present from Waitrose just buy
me food looking strong just finish
reading my daily vlog while you guys
were gone did you get a good shop buy
lots of good food did you use that
checkout down Zooey and Gabby bought
assessed obsessed for those little
things in Waitrose do they do it other
places as well you basically get like a
little to zipper thing yourself and as
you go around you like scan your own
food and pack it straight into these and
then you can just leave straightaway
paid for it's you've scanned it all
yourself as you've gone round whilst
they were shopping and buying the food I
just said to just those daily blog and
it's ah yes
which one's did you get chocolate orange
my favourite their chocolate orange ones
Gabby's back now and they're playing
this game
are you guys again good at there get it
Jamie if you watch him my sister's
aspiring to be you oh my god it is for
the Giga Bowl this is a chicken salad
it's nice that does that chill it really
good
one moment holiday what oh yeah well
this is over here as well looks good
when we're on holiday we have chicken
salads every day so probably cook like
air oh it's got abakada in there as well
all that cooking is tasting it along the
way yeah and some bacon as well what's
happening with this little bit chopped
up and put inside out healthy so this is
the thing we unhealthy until somebody
makes I'll see you healthy Zoe this is
either first helping dish like you know
we've cooked in this house hey she's
German Rosie I thought it went in haben
all right so this is like the first
healthy cooked dish in the house is
nothing no I've cut before but not like
look at that
this isn't that sad and this is good
this is a start of something new I
always cook for you it's cool that's
good ordering for me go something really
nice to show you you're ready like this
stand in the corner
you're lapsim sorry come on come on come
on Zoe your bread in the bread right in
the bread basket you show them show them
what it looks like come on it's your
flat my bread is your no this is your
flat not mine
siren beyond take the other one out come
on come on over here oh my god sure
coming look at that
no you're not not with my toy oh well
then literally die for as a bag of salad
it's that dream oh that's
disgusting because you forget guys so
nice disgusting Zoey that's your bread
well actually that was horrible it's
what it is that's yours
Luigi's car is young one Louise common
clean this up this is fair left
formations are is flat you guys just put
the lid back up okay the way is we're
putting it back here certain about there
this is your mess Louise next time you
come there's a present waiting for you
probably insurance boos it's been cooked
this looks delicious thank you very much
so you're not allowed to speak in
different voices people in the comments
mode that you're doing mature your age
yeah sorry I mean hello everyone
just finished up through a main channel
video also I've got sure you guys all
you made to cook a cake earlier and this
is kind of the outcome of it not too
great I would say Marcel in here this is
ready to shop any video in the spare
room
my lightship videos and Zoe's play so
then of the Lighting's always really
nice I just shot with quite a feminine
background actually didn't really think
about it but that is going that way what
is it is it Saturday today guys is it
Saturday today but it isn't it yeah so
that video is going up tonight so if
you're watching this on the day goes up
go over to my new video and comment on
it saying this was the best video ever
all in capitals and give it a massive
thumbs up I want to see how many thumbs
up we can get in that video basically it
was me googling myself a lot of
youtubers have done it recently nods
like this is so fun I want to see what
comes up when I Google myself and Phil
my reaction so I was googling myself and
I was going to say on Google bit obvious
that it was on Google if you google it
yourself healthy and then feel my
reactions like the things that drop down
is such that you guys have been
searching a lot which was funny because
there are a lot of things on there that
I was like you guys googling this like
dirty fanfiction you guys naughty
naughty naughty and I think now in about
15 minutes we're gonna go and pick up
egged and puga and take them for a walk
which is super super excitin
we got party in there yeah I bought it
and like yeah yeah yeah
guys look who we've got with us
Buddha oh wait hey Buddha where are you
hey little girl you sleepy already she's
so sweet baby see the runners a lot
should we let you relax now she's been
she's been trying to keep up with Edgar
who's like 7 years younger than her
these dogs are PewDiePie's and Marcia's
Oh a little girl and I think she's a
little bit older than a edgar degas over
there with pop in Zooey and Gabby nega's
I'm running around she's trying to keep
up should we carry a for a bit there we
go ha ha
she's so cute hey mister man we can see
you now come here come here hey hey hey
hey you got my camera do you do you look
at them both guys yeah look at them
they're so sweet I look I try to keep up
oh hey little one she just wants to play
yeah Edgar's my mom and daddy here now
and Edgar my momma just run off
somewhere then I've gone but who got
really video wants to join him but she's
just so sleepy just one vote change it
go next
she's so cute aren't here
this is what it's going to be like when
I get a pug guys just me walking on the
beach with my little piggy guys look at
Booga mom going for a bit bit lumpy go
on it lopsided go on come on mum aha
finish walking the parks now guys and
look what we've got then in a dern
didn't Ben turn Pizza because earlier on
that salad that we split was pretty damn
small so we've gone for a really really
nice little pizza place I'm so excited
for this are you excited for this bar
you excited Sean so excited excited I'm
just laying the big guys just ed to my
new video now that has just gone up for
you guys or is about to go up on the day
that you are watching this and it is
called past 12 and I I've got such a
long such a long mane of EDS and doing
this video to have to get it ready for
tomorrow because tomorrow morning I am
off to Radio 1 I'm going to read you on
for half an hour tomorrow which is
getting crazy that's my first time I'm
ready one actually I'm so so excited if
I'm going to mattad minson show and I
heard he's super super cool so that's
going to be a lot of fun took my my book
about my age even in some challenges and
stuff like that and and then I'm staying
over in Manchester and then I'm doing
some stuffing mattress I've been away
from allowed to say what I'm doing or
not but I'm doing some stuff in
Manchester the next day but it's all
like super early starts like tomorrow I
have to get to London at a crazy
ridiculous time for me so yeah I've also
because I'm standing Madras and I've
also got to go back to my flat and sleep
there tonight because obviously all my
clean clothes are there and everything
that I use on a day-to-day basis so I
can't go to stay in London / Manchester
except to tomorrow without all the stuff
on my flat so oh that's quite a pass 12
I probably got about three hours of
reading to do then I've got to go back
at my flat / pack for tomorrow morning
and then get
as much sleep as you possibly can so I'm
just going to end the vlog here now guys
if you feel that being really nice then
click the link down below and check out
my new video or check out my main
channel point this blog give it a thumbs
up that'd be awesome let's see how many
we can get today and I said that earlier
on in the book but I really want to see
how many can go in this video it was a
lot of fun to film and it kind of
involves some of the things that you
guys have done in the past over the
couple years you'll see what I mean by
the video and yeah of course give this
video thumbs to be enjoyed it too and
I'll see you tomorrow of a crazy video
because I'm going already a 1 that's
cool
ok I'll see you tomorrow night guys love
you
