good morning guys I am a fan outside
although it is not early not bright and
early because it is currently ten
minutes past two lunchtime haven't had
breakfast yet so like usual I'm going
off to my favorite little cafe just in
walking for quite a while now to get
here normally I Drive with somebody else
like Zoe or Marcus or whoever I go with
but today I thought I would walk my
uncle is over from South America at the
moment for a couple of days to hang on
my grandma so hang out my grandma and
see her and my dad and all my family so
he is actually hit moment and my sister
and her boyfriend here my dad's here
maybe my mom or my grandma or even gonna
be here as well so it could be like a
big old family meetup but I don't know
I'm just in such a good mood because I
woke up thinking it was Saturday nigh
was like oh my gosh I've got so much to
get done today and after Phil my main
Channel video for tomorrow and all that
and then I was like on the phone
somebody and they're like oh yeah on
Sunday and I was like you mean tomorrow
they're like no and I was like it's
Friday so I'm in such a such a good mood
because I thought I had less time to do
everything than what I do I don't know
just one of those little things in life
it makes you happy
you see when I just shopping now look
how cool these plants are in this shot
but you got one like this haven't you
yeah you know my one lady doctor
yeah did I kill it when I touch that no
why not watered enough this one's quite
a cool one
hey little man oh my god
looky this is hey hey you
you can't even see his eyes ha ha hey
mister guys look where I am - Zoe a more
cosmopolitan I had rings from here the
other day so you're gonna grab a drink
and some of my friends came before me
yes that is really good I don't know I
make so here i yeah more strawberry
lemonade sounds good what are you going
for boss I'm going a steep 333 cheating
here what a smoochy it's like a generic
going on it's a blended tea so much
energy
to pack full of individuals it's at
ground green tape and then it's got
nearly five days man so it's like sort
of hammer out sort your like detoxing
how is it going so my skin now yeah
let's do that
don't forget two of them yeah yeah still
gonna want get you guys so this is the
matter it's sort of yeah did I take the
Green Team like the green tea leaves and
then they grind it right down sort of a
power okay and then we've got acai in
there every resource elusive roots are
you sure this is tea yes doesn't really
look like yeah okay bye New Trier
Big Eight
good yeah so as the drinks were finished
being made she told me that it has three
times the energy of a coffee in it I've
already had two coffees today so I'm
literally gonna be like oh yeah it's
just called Bluebird tico-tico tea
company you guys should check it out
it's like what row to be on I don't know
the name of the road but it's this road
if you live in Brighton or nearby turn
the one with the commedia on it and you
go my bad kitchen you guys should go
check it out and say that means I resent
you this is the most Brighton thing I've
ever seen in vitam people try make the
best of a bad situation
look at someone's garden we're in the
middle of the city people are trying to
make Gardens that's so cute
yeah they've got trees we call this as
well guys this is school I probably
showed you to some videos that's a
really really cool graffiti around here
I promised Jamie I'd do something so
look where I am ma'am
I'm gonna get it now you've got mine
it's only fair that I get yours
boss I I do like off the food so Jamie
man look what I got yeah I'm actually
really excited I think is this the first
cookbook I've ever bought mum's got like
all of your books cheap as mum even got
this yeah I got it before mum and lucky
I think if mums bought your book before
my book Jamie then that is that is not
cool but yeah that's what I should do in
my daily vlogs I'll cook some of your
stuff and then I'll let you know I'm not
too lazy he's seen your cooking
Jen when you're making those omelets
whatever and he saw that is yeah so I'll
cook some of your stuff I promise and
put it in a in a deadly vlog
probably what stuck in the other side of
the road do a hey hey ha ha lucky
that's we're now walking to it looks
like we've got a handbag line or not
this is my sisters or my mum's or
something that is not my bag I'm
just carrying it in that baby shut up we
just walk into now my mum because she
finished work yesterday some of you guys
know she's having like drinks and some
of her friends from work so we're going
to go and celebrate my mum finishing a
job yeah yeah
kind of hardly filmed anything in there
was just crazy there were so many people
I didn't know so I one of those family
events that you have to go to that once
every couple years and everyone's that I
remember you when you were younger and
you don't have a clue who they are and
you have to like smile at endures net is
that so new boy I've liked everyone for
50 hopefully they're not worth watching
I'm not taking bacon why would say about
15 years you were this big when I met
you and I was like ah yeah yeah it's to
see you again it's so nice someone's
phone's going off Siri mom got so many
presents from everyone at work how many
people turned up joking like okay more
than 50 people it was so crazy how many
people came up to like say goodbye to a
non kind of thing wow that's so cool
which over the flowers and they will
show that but we just left a bit early
that's so cool
look at this thing literally my mom now
owns a florist
Wow and these this is crazy so we are
now going to got taxi waiting outside
wait we need to be quick we've got a
taxi waiting outside because we are
going to go to Zoey's now because marks
know me also there so we're all going to
speaking so fast we're going to go and
hang out I haven't had dinner yet
and it is currently 25 past ten which
isn't that unusual for me but I really
need to eat your mouth to get the taxi
to shop off a like yeah may stop off a
like McDonald's or something like that
on the way club's burger woman's are
scary left I saw it gets wobbly and
wobbly at every time
Oh what the hell guys we come in and
they're hiding behind the sofa are you
in like a boy band
oh my god like you be caller AJ or
something hi bye bye bye
that's my boy what are you doing Zoe
just ping those pants on his hair
hey yo man hey I like your hair at
cooling because he looks like didn't
like what's-her-name used well hair like
that baby spice
yeah no ha ha ha hello listen it's a
little breathing
look come place and listen with the
camera as well here
I got my buddy with me hey you yeah you
good so sweet
they've grown so much ever they since
you got them and massive now I have a
massage time now
I just gave Zoey a massage and now she's
giving me one you enjoying this that
doesn't look like you are oh that's all
right pretty much of all show them how
much you put on all right you can I
don't if we can see Shawn listen can you
film that a special Mass piece as always
this is my cousin oh that really long
wait oh no why so good I'm good guys
this is my struggle every day Zuri falls
asleep on the sofa
come on l1 and I have to get up and get
it to bed come one come on no one Kim um
you ready you ready yep every single
damn night come on anybody to hit a bed
she's like yeah and then she's not you
ready yeah
you ready to get a better one no all
right you sleep it by yourself then I'm
going to bed when I I'm gonna leave you
by yourself with the demons we like that
you're gonna stay here with the demons
you are all right get it stand up all
the lights for the computer to sleep
now you're not allowed to move just any
of the demons you said and I go lock the
doors you stand here you said you would
stay with the demons tonight you don't
want to anymore well as far as foot
water on the floor awesome a weed on the
floor they low Munchkins going to sleep
now she's got into bed still haven't got
changed yeah have you have you little
one you're gonna get changed you are ok
guys so what is that piece of fluff
doing I'm going to end the vlog here
today it's been crazy mismatched like
all and that's why why my face crazy
mismatch hey what y'all doing stay up
there
ok doesn't wanna stay crazy mismatch
like doing loads of different things I
don't even remember what I film to go
Ness but if you enjoyed today give the
video a thumbs up
the other day I said in the end of Zoe's
blog let's try and get the video the
most thumbs that we can possibly do and
you guys went crazy and they've got like
100,000 thumbs up overnight so let's see
how many thumbs up we can get this video
let's try and get it more than ones that
we've gotten her bitly do you think we
can do that you think I can I don't
think I can but she's not it give the
video a thumbs up and I'll see tomorrow
bye guys love you
