good morning guys good morning guys good
morning good morning I don't know I
called you guys because majority of your
female is but I am outside Toys R Us
right now haters are us I'm just going
in here because today it is Amelia from
screen G on his birthday so I'm gonna
try and find out we've got our presents
the other day but I'm going to try and
find her a big light I don't even know
if they sell them I want to buy her like
a helium balloon I could blow up one
because we're today spending the day
with her for her birthday she is going
to be so excited because like when
you're little and it's sugar no not even
when your little one it's your birthday
it's not the best day ever so my aim is
to find her oh I can see some please
please have a like a Minnie Mouse or
Peppa Pig please
I got a door or one
hmm
there's a Mickey but I want a mini
Minnie Mouse or Peppa Pig what's on this
one
and there's many there but only small I
guarantee they have more balloons at the
back so now all here we go
wait is that a balloon no that's a Mars
here's balloons that's cool but it's
Mickey Mouse I want Minnie Mouse Oh
Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse okay let's see
if they've got any other cool ones as
well Oh knocking everything off
mouse Minnie Mouse Barbie No oh let me
put this back up here all right so we've
got one good Minnie Mouse one you see if
we're getting them princess okay they've
got a Hello Kitty one as well that is
quite cool let me see what else don't
get a bit carried away here guys that's
fine so it's good to get carried away
things I think these are the only ones
that got handles so I've got one Minnie
Mouse and one Hello Kitty I think that
would do I think I've got too many
balloons guys I got a bit carried away
I've got three up there and the guys
still doing some more look how big this
one is
they call me the balloon man a guy to
put too many I thought I only bought two
but it turns out I bought like one of
the package had five inside it so I kind
of got six sorry what do you think about
my balloon choice I love your balloon so
he says yeah good not too many not too
big no I think it did take he'll enjoy
nature them to blow them up 20 minutes
dragons I went in that time I mostly get
smoking and go and fill up my whole time
don't tell them where the burger yeah
I'm trying to tell them I'm healthy at
the moment look at the width of those
trees pretty chocolaty and this will be
trees around here
she's already converted with the top
guys we lost I know Jonathan right to
the star that's not up to him someone
could be differently ranked news like
where are you going I was like I don't
know my son was taking me this way and
he was like okay crap right okay we
might we might turn at the same time
lytia Wright yeah that car don't want to
film the number plate is literally 20
meters in front of us and we haven't
seen their car oh no not yeah and then
the parking right in front of us
and so so crazy for when out but this
looks nice look at the size of those
trees why am i obsessed with big trees
in this video you can't see it properly
in the vlog but that tree looks so cool
see I told you they're cool trees here
guys there's a water coming out and do
that he's always found some toys to play
with this music as well and they're just
loads of pigs lined up to
guys like this and blend some games from
winter toy this is gonna be harder than
wear looks you know that it's gonna
advance a great rate Amelia's hurt no
look a little face do you need it there
too hard no pressure
ready
you know you made it in life when you've
got a water fountain look at this hey
hey hey mister so I'm just chilling down
here Edoardo all the other guys have
gone up on this ride
look at them they're up there somewhere
there they are
they're in this one
Jonathan secretly really scared a ride
he doesn't like stuff like this he likes
being in control so if you told him to
like go down a crazy mountain on his
mountain bike he'll be fine but because
of this he's not in control and machine
is he doesn't like it so he's gonna say
that it wasn't scared secretly he was
really scared so I'm looking up to this
little guy on Amex down
this is sadly the closest thing I can
get to driving yeah Grilli grab the
wheel it just needs like big need a big
drop oh is quite fast is now slippery
scarier than what I thought it was gonna
be what this is the best week hey what
is that does that make it spinner yeah
yes meaning like
Oh
then we spotted Vichy watch guys even
gudumba landed really wonky
haha
oh my god that's gonna scare her totally
get that
so yeah I know I mean yeah hi we're
gonna beat you there I don't Jonathan
I've been going on and on about this
thing what's it called
hi and that has been going on about this
thing I don't what you don't like it not
a fan
oh I was like okay just get two if it's
that good
I suppose it is you might have to eat
quite a lot yeah I was like it's this
good and whatever not just get to them
well you didn't and again it smells come
and smell it it literally smells amazing
oh my god it smells like a phoenix it is
smell so good we did get pizzas as well
oh yeah yeah yeah these are all
signifies where's me my video papa
ready do you happy bag day
happy birthday happy birthday hey oh man
thank you my party oh just go back to
Zoey's now guys and it is currently
quarter to 12:00 at night I had such a
fun day I threw up ever Pig world or
whatever is called Peppa Pig land I
don't even know was going to be worse
than what it actually was but it was
quite a lot of fun and immediate loved
Eduardo was like super cute
and then yeah let's get take away
everything was good I'm just so so tired
now
feel sorry cos oh he's just done so much
driving today because you drove like an
Audi yet and Jonathan's reserved up now
and off to get to a big world and out
off happen to know how to get back here
tonight so it's been super super long
day and there's been a lot of fun so who
enjoyed the video if you did then please
give it a thumbs up and as usual let's
try and see how many thumbs I would get
let's see if we can get more than 30,000
thumbs up on this video that is your
challenge for full day and yeah I'll see
you tomorrow guys thanks so much for
watching see you soon in fact I'll see
you tomorrow
