good morning guys just go back to my
flat now and I haven't had a shower
I've done my teeth I'm not anything my
flat in an absolute mess and I've got my
people to book people coming over for a
meeting so I need to tidy this up I woke
up with about 20 minutes to my meeting
they're going to be here literally any
second and I'm running around like an
absolute madman Wow Wow and it's ID up
oculus and everything is everywhere and
it wrote ID I literally can't wait to
get my hair cut a minute I just finished
up the book meeting which is so so
exciting and let me just say listen we
got some stuff that I'm not going to
tell you yet because I just want to make
sure that everything is booked in and
for sure happening but we have got some
exciting stuff
on the way for sure guys I'm going to
get to meet those of you get to sign
your books as of that Jamie Oliver and
me are just having some like jokes on
Twitter now because he is currently
number one in Amazon but shots just
overtook me last night and I'm number
two so I tweet him saying tweet using
forth folks number one sched any Oliver
and he is to eating me bitches from his
new book so Jamie man I'm coming for you
guys if you haven't already go down
below order my book even from the UK or
the u.s. links both of them are down
below go toward my book
let's overtake Jamie Oliver guys if we
can beat Jamie Oliver in the book charts
damn that is some power that we have if
we can do a general it was like one of
the most famous people end of and a
little guy like me in my bedroom be in
him that would be sick I'm just about to
upload now a new gaming video to got
later tonight my hair is messed don't
even don't even judge man the hair it
feels and looks disgusting and I'm sure
download episode one of a horror series
that I'm starting called dread ghoul
which was like the scariest game ever
see haven't seen that that we link down
below to my gaming channel go check that
out and leave a a in fact go and comment
saying i pooed myself watching this if
you're coming from my daily vlog that's
a little thing that we can do we collect
cross link okay go comment saying i put
myself on the video and that
that I know that you're loyal and you're
going to go do that
guys kind of had to do it just bought
six cakes because look at them in there
look at that little pokey cooking object
cocky
gurgi ones I did not need to say God
because I just finished get my haircut
now look at different insured it is it's
all short and trimmed and but yeah so
just thought I'd have a look walk around
the lanes I've got two videos already
uploaded daily vlog and giving Vidya pep
tonight and now just going to head back
to Zoe's just walking past one of my
Nan's eyes favorite home shops called
heels and they have these here massive
letters in lights I think that looks so
cool I think I don't know if it get I
want to buy either a P and a B for
pointlessblog
having a background on my videos or wear
it again anisette Alfie enjoy so comment
down below now whether you should think
I should get an A and rosette or my
favorite go to Zoe appear to be I'm in a
kid's toy shop and I'm getting a bit
carried away
I'll show you online later guys look I'm
in WH Smiths and look here number one
number two number two in the WH Smith
shops how what where we're above John
Green how the hell am i above John Green
and the Maze Runner is number 39 oh my
god that is literally crazy guys let's
try and get it number one that is in
saying number two how good do they look
so pretty good yeah just realizing I had
done the same any day yeah you've got
yours out can you do notice Mike you've
good output put your locks down if
you're not now afraid you're right this
just cool you're sitting like you're
doing yoga there's a bit more brandy
there thinner can you say yeah here yeah
I like it
I like the color blonde not I like the
kind of blunder is it's like proper good
color blonde yeah oh no you can get
loads of it
maybe you can get like orange no that
sounded really sarcastic I don't know
but then last time you can get like
really not oranjee blonde where so
that's not really blonde that's like off
orange where they've tried to do it is
failed Rossi that's it
it's called like orange fail alright I
bought a t-shirt today as well which is
fill House offices golly poor feel how
soft that is
yeah that is nice
and I think it's the same ground it's
the same brand like enemy or something
US Army or something but you is nice as
well for the entertainer you can't say
why
mmm-ma no loud my do you think she's
good at this game guys you ready promise
you're gonna catch this one yeah hey yo
is it macula oh three but you have three
yeah
yeni I'm gonna get one story I'm gonna
get two - yeah
we're tasting or the cakes now guys so
is chop them up test oh nice oh yeah
don't want to get oh my god that one's
really good
okay someone's good guys I just tried
some of the red velvet news delicious I
want to try the chocolate one I'm just
gonna go like this
oh no no the top of the chocolate one is
amazing miss galaxy I think my god that
really good not really try the top of
that top of what for the touch of it's
just a no honey
Oh light brown bear a bit then muddy
like nah yeah I'm gonna go into this one
now it's the best well I try that top
there didn't you eat one I bought one of
these for you yeah I get the whole thing
hmm
good you guys make some of the weirdest
edits I have ever seen muddy look at
this I don't that yeah you do look at
your chin are they late so they no
edited yeah is my job
now who's laughing what did you do you
stick on Amelia's present did you hurt
your toe haha guys I bought loads of
presents as you guys saw I didn't tell
her I didn't tell them what I bought and
I said sorry and I said though he's not
allowed to look in the bag and she tried
to grab the bag of run away in there and
then stealing me this present her foot
I'm also back of a bath that's one
topless oh you are son
yeah my bag you're such an exaggerator
get away you rodent nice little hobbly
foot no I can't get up get up don't rip
it
don't rip it please please go away go
away hey hey I don't ideas guys help me
help me yeah but you gotta Park my bag
no you're not getting the goods guys I
don't like this
oh fuck on something go away this isn't
fair
I wouldn't do this to you there's
nothing over there no seriously what's a
lot steen just take a quick look this
shit cup steam coming out of the side of
a house oh no this steam there Steve get
away
are they getting everything I bought get
off do you have a weird fetish for Lego
thing is it princess loom bands I bought
every single loom band I'm joking
get off me I don't like this I thought I
think guys are gonna have to go I'll see
you later
oh my shoulder good bye guys our stop
now he's in Dodge oh all right I'm gonna
go look up in the bar is there a present
for me in there oh I supply will you let
me see why why tell me why then I won't
look there's a present for you know
where there's not a present for me that
is a lie but if you really want to ruin
your own present I bought you and it's
nothing that but you're gonna ruin your
present okay no because there's not a
prison of course it is for your presence
really one thing but I'm a grieving
Zoey's yes one lucky dip you don't have
to look okay and then you're not allowed
to look at the rest of the bag okay okay
watch the hole you get one lucky dip
don't know oh please don't
hey Kelly I don't have to see inside no
okay yeah one lucky dip for your hand
you don't need no no inside there you
get one lucky dip don't describe the bag
trait not letting me go don't know don't
let no unless you don't let me you feel
well
stop okay I want this one oh why are you
buying these all right presidents stay
there I feel like this is some vendetta
like to try and like hurt me all the
others are staying under there you're
not allowed to look no claim with it
wasn't part of the day what stood on the
back
where's Marcos lucky but but on the
track ha right I'm gonna go get the boss
yeah that's the whole point
I'm gonna go get the boss guys just
tucking up in the duvet now Zoe hey over
there
oh my side hurts how are you doing cuz
you're all the way over there your ages
where I'm over here over there we're
about to watch educating why my vlogging
like this I'd you know I get like you
know the people that on the front of the
ship like when they've got mermaids on
my internship so I'm like on the fun and
we're about to watch educating Joey
Essex which actually love how much
listen ages have way you look so buddy
with glasses every glass is so big
compared to you put it next your hand
put it next to your head is so big
because you'll say little right we're
gonna watch this now and then we're
going to order what food we can order I
don't want this pillow what food did you
spill the drink
what we're gonna order I think we should
get pizza very thinks oh yeah Gabi's
coming over as well Zoey thinks we
should get Indian like curry but you
know do you know the amazing thing I've
been serious this is crazy we can both
get different deliveries oh no way what
I feel like that's not real life
I know okay I think I want to get a
pizza and Zoey wants to get things so
we'll see more just Gabby one let's make
a vote I'm saying Gabby wants I don't
know she's quite a complicated one she
probably doesn't even know what she
wants herself does she I'm sorry nice
friend so nice also guys
and when boxes and Zoey's little shorts
I don't have anything else here
everything's at my flat guys we've got a
dilemma it's a real big issue also I've
changed my shorts these ones are more
appropriate now but we've got we've got
an issue
Gabby let them know what you want I want
the six plus I know yeah but it's just
like a massive second iPad Mini yeah you
can phone people on it but this is the
okay I'm gonna be honest you call it a
six plus because you're so like this
size of it compared to your head it will
be bigger than your head yeah it's 1080p
no I don't that's cameras better is it
but the screens better is 1080p and but
the only thing is I would get it far to
go because my neck was probably out
I would get it not as a gal because you
can put in your handbag yeah so that's
very true but for me thank you
go go go yeah but for me I comp it in a
handbag so a six like plus is like so
big like the six is already bigger than
this
and then the six plus is like adhere in
the background like I show my yoke onset
of the debate I'm gonna zoom in on your
face just like look at the chair to the
side of you you have that make you happy
I bought that for us to play with
tonight yeah tonight yeah like a million
different guns hey only dust ever shoot
off all of us bought targets as well now
that's a spud gun it's a pistol I don't
know we'll have a shoot off later guys
look what's arrived think you do which
one's my one hasn't got oh I suppose as
go fish tuna yeah tuna and sweet God
then it also got two sides of chicken
yes yeah I'm so happy I can't even
describe how hungry I am my leg good or
not see Gavin are watching dynamo now
magician
he is absolutely awesome is about
formative one day but as I was falling
asleep and look at hi guys
so is your icon position is it
comfortable your eyeball it's yeah it's
comfy open your eyes hi eka like no one
open your eyes
try try really hard to open your eyes
Gabby wants you to me you open the
pigouvian not for me okay Zoe's going to
bed now and I just finished watching
like ridiculous mounts TV programs just
comedy twenty two two and I need to go
up early tomorrow morning for an
interview I'm doing about my book so I'm
going to end the vlog here just sitting
by Zoey's computer because there's light
and it's all dark over there and so
thanks for watching today if you'd enjoy
it let's try and get it more thumbs up
in yesterday's and yesterday's is doing
well so that is a challenge you have got
right there I'm so tired
yeah I see to my guys I've got a super
awesome day happening tomorrow like I'm
so excited for it honestly not just
saying this it's going to be so much fun
all I'm going to say is that my hanging
out with Zoey and the sakuni journey so
I'll see you tomorrow
