good morning guys got a new camera today
so back in good quality and just taking
more cuts more cuts Walker's more greets
just taking markets nearly mixing em I
make more getting volume to this to cafe
you know you guys have been able to see
my dad everything have been caribou and
really really how happy are you and the
aftermath guys been smashed was it good
really yeah how about to mine now listen
videos and play some videos make some
gaming videos alright guys we're back at
my flat now Marcus is clearing up all my
computer for me it's literally like the
messiest thing ever and it's just full
and it I don't even understand there and
this big old box arrived a minute ago I
don't think I've told any of you guys
what it is how excited you Marcus but
what's in there of course very well I'll
show you that in a minute I'm gonna go
and shave all this rubbish off my face
now alright so Marcus's started open up
guys I've had a shave or baby face now
this is what was inside and then if you
know what that is but it is basically
like the new gaming console the best
thing ever and it's not really out yet
but I bought it off eBay to have to get
it early for you guys
yeah those bits of weird be careful with
em man and it's basically you put on
these goggles and everything you can see
is like in the game when you turn your
head it turns the head in the game it's
like what's gonna all demented reality
or whether it's called basically frickin
scary and crazy so we're gonna try to
set this up now and then record some
gaming videos I'll let you know how it
goes we've been trying to work out how
to set up this damn oculus rift for like
three and a half hours now we haven't
come any videos I'm missing my friends
frickin lasers own thing that I'm meant
to be out I'm gonna have to miss half of
it how annoyed are you right Marcus just
got enough now if it works you coming
back later if I can get it working not
today
yes you can what times you come around
until when but he can come tonight later
tonight to view I didn't text me yeah
no come back you guys heard that he will
come back if I'm just gonna sit here now
and just try and get it working non-stop
this has been such a mess I'm getting
annoyed
send him it man have fun with him um
it's half past 11:00 at night I've
literally just been sitting here on my
laptop Marcus went like so long ago and
I've just non-stop in 20 of this stupid
oculus rift pervs stupid freakin glasses
to work for like really strictly brought
about seven hours now maybe about 10
hours poured about yeah probably about
eight hours non-stop just been talking
at work I've been speaking to Harry boat
ashore
Deji Ally a cow fries you know all the
gamers to try and get someone to show me
how to do and they've all tried the best
and this thing is PCs are just such an
effort like Mac's not even just joking
to saying this because I'm like a Matic
fanboy but Mac's are so so good I don't
even appreciate it until I bought this
stupid gaming PC the other day that I
had to get to it play sims 4 but damn it
is just too complicated I don't like it
so I've barely filmed anything today
because I've just been sitting here to
the point where I didn't even have time
to make dinner I didn't I didn't even
have any time to go and get anything on
my fridge because I've just been Sun sat
here alternator put my laptop saya the
whole time so this was Monday nobody
test is so disgusting that I didn't eat
there just some mashed potato and baked
beans but mashed potatoes was two days
out of day and I don't know you guys I
just want to lie on the floor and curl
up and just I don't know I thought I
could wasted a whole day am I like
literally have because it's not working
the only positive is that tomorrow I've
got a meeting tomorrow morning about my
book tour because obviously as you guys
know if my book tour has been postponed
because of how crazy the London one was
so that means that the book tour is on
hold for now
and I'm gonna find out tomorrow
hopefully what's actually happened then
I can let you guys know as soon as
possible where I'm going when which
venues and everything like that so I
just don't know what to do with myself
tonight I was even meant to go and play
laser zone for my friends but booked in
and I paid for three games of my laser
tag with my friends and I didn't go
because I was just honest like this
oculus rift all day so that you guys
could get gaming videos and I mean I
know it's not the end of the world I
know there are far worse things to be
worrying out than oh no IV can't get his
new gaming device to work but it does
suck it sucks that I spent five hundred
and fifty pounds on that device and
after doing it for ten hours trying to
do it still can't get it to work that
sucks so that has annoyed me a little
bit and it hasn't meant that I've just
basically done nothing for you guys for
the blogs today so I don't know what to
do I feel like I need to do something
entertaining I need to entertain you
guys for the oh my did you hear that
listen oh that wouldn't do I clicked or
my back Baxton so I'm going to find tons
you up something entertaining for you
guys but I can't promise it's going to
be great because my flat has nothing in
it has no food to do any cook in I don't
know I'm not even tired really
I'm just they know I can't be bothered
to move it is currently six minutes past
one and I'm so so tired but I just can't
be bothered to do anything
I don't even wanna go to bed I just want
to lay on my sofa and sleep here tonight
oh I've done nothing to this video I'm
sorry guys I promised more be more
entertaining I promise you I feel really
sorry
stupid gaming device anyways guys I'm
just gonna end the vlog because there's
no point drag him out today
I've done nothing I'm glad that the
video at least is short for you guys if
you enjoy their whoa I'm tired I don't
get why you would forgive it a thumbs up
if you're feeling nice that would be
really really awesome I don't expect a
lot of them but if you feel a nice give
it a thumbs up
promise you tomorrow's vlog could be a
lot better and kind of thing what I'm
doing and get my hair cut not tomorrow
the next day which I'm search like this
mock chopped off of my head yeah I've
got the book meeting tomorrow so I'll
see you tomorrow guys I love you good
night just before good sleep guys I
thought I'd show you the best present in
the world they're all just about myself
sexy that Zoe got me the other day this
she got me a photo charge an iPhone 5
charger from Apple that look how long it
is 2 meters look so I can be laying in
bed and have my phone charging like that
far away because that is like the most
life's struggle ever that I can't even
speak um so I guess this was my other
iPhone charger literally looking
comparison to my leg the shortest thing
in the world that one there is 2 meters
long it's like the best thing ever I
advise all of you to go out and buy one
because it has changed my life like the
one day that I've had it everything in
life has been easier this wire is the
best thing ever
also just put on some slippers some
comfy clothes and a little vest and a
hat because I'm going to go jump in the
taxi now and go ever I thought I know
I've got a meeting down tomorrow morning
but I'd rather go stairs are easy
tonight
then just stay by myself here so I'm
gonna go jump in the text now and go
over and say it was OE tonight and I'll
sleep tomorrow morning
hey guys
