good morning and yeah kind of got like
five hours sleep went to bed to five
o'clock as you saw yesterday woke up at
ten o'clock we're meant to be they're
hot bust em time now Zoe 1054 so we're
already 25 minutes late so now we have
to wait hurry up we're already 25
minutes late man just go out the taxi
having a cheap little breakfast and
bills or that's not as early as we
imagined he thought you were going to be
at for ten o'clock yeah there wasn't
gonna happen was a scanner caught 12
guys look how did this breakfast let's
everybody never you want a bunch of
flowers on it
you didn't order that they're gone what
how are you guys doing yeah I've got to
go off now promised my friends from
college that I'd go to Nando's with them
and I thought well we were meant to go
for breakfast this morning rather than
lunch and now we just finished our and
I've got to go straight off Hernando's
so I'm gonna be so formal later we just
got to a little tea shop now and there's
like loads of empty what's this one sure
be lemonade that's the one you would
never think it was pain that's good yeah
try that ma'am don't waste a lemonade
okay so that's well no it's it's nice
isn't it has it got caffeine in it no
caffeine sugar in nitrogen yeah I like
that one said no caffeine and you can
order I take away two years I think Marx
is gonna get one some now at the marina
Donal I bought a jump with me thought it
was a clever idea
wearing black jeans as well is so hot
today I shouldn't be complaining but I
don't know man I'm so full up the other
guys probably don't know that Valda just
eaten I'm heading to Nando's now to go
meet them and yeah this place is so nice
I don't you know like if you live an
invite and I probably showed you this
before but the marina is like an awesome
place to eat those the restaurants and
look at the view looking all the boats
that's lovely
three Nando's this is my big meal got
some halloumi and a coffee I look bad
like finished up Nando's now going on
cheers mo bite
when a knitter jump guys you may not be
driving like a maniac my cheeks are like
who I was every time I'm going to
motorbike it just mention want to get
one again I used to have a Vesper a
couple years ago I don't if you guys
remember but going on that makes me miss
it so much but now I'm back in town
finished up lunch with them lot didn't
film too much I don't really like to
push my camera on friends that aren't
particularly you to be friends I they'll
watch you cheap and stuff I don't want
to force a camera in their face or
didn't film too much but marks warm up
breath Marcus Louie and Zoe and Noemi
are still in town so I'm going to go
join them now and we'll go Zoe now and
we're just going to be shopping for
Amelia's birthday present I want to see
if they got any of my books anymore yeah
they still got loads in there and it's
Amelia's how old is she is she three two
I said somebody early is a two or three
age you just think that she's like oh
yeah yeah exactly so we're going to buy
her after present aegisub after on
Thursday and I think we're gonna be
seeing now her birthday she's going to
be so excited did you find a big crush
yeah I tried to buy online there's
always stop me like a finger no return
actually really laughing like we're
healthy and then peppa pig would arrive
with me and I'm like I'm Peppa Pig is
better than me imagine like a full-size
Peppa Pig outfit like you know the
Teletubbies it was going to be like that
but Peppa Pig for her birthday
there's always said it was scare her so
no the others Lewis gotta fix his
glasses mocks know me upon food shopping
you would then come out of the question
no we're done I'll be like pigs going
home now and they're not walking hey she
would cheer be fine I Christmas and
pretend to be father Christmas
well pepper big school in father
Christmas isn't a in Christmas pepper
Christmas so anyways we're going to try
and find our cool little present now in
here plus I do just love this shop so
much kid shots are so much fun
Peppa Pig that's me put some toys for me
and Louie and Marcus maybe know me or
Zoe be ever seen these before the way
no they're sick what is there probably
for like four year olds but that's it
yeah yeah and the ball is in that when
you open your hand bull fires answers
okay movers like it's like lobsters
little crabs right now oh my god you
should have one in each hand like little
birds our fish have one in each hand
watch my pants Louie time to get peeping
and Percy's some snacks the pets at home
this is the only bad thing we bring as
our pets at home she wants to buy every
single guinea pig she sees with long
hair and she gets obsessed but now
looking at pug leads but when I got my
pug pod ecology that didn't we're not
getting stuff like that for her she's
not gonna be that girly she's just gonna
be like cute girly
I don't want pink on my pod I'm thinking
like a nice blue yeah that's quite cute
I quite like stuff like blue wanna Delta
yes you got that stuff like this that's
quite you people will think it the boys
that ones key that's like a good mix my
dad's and obviously as you guys know my
dad's getting a pug as well my mum and
dad and my mum bought my dad like a
really really cute lead for the pub the
other day but we still haven't picked
somewhere like someone to buy them off
this is going to be fun when I get a dog
we can buy like one of you guys actually
at my book signing you haven't seen it
one of you guys gave me a bowl for like
a dog bowl and it says pointless pug in
it they got it like custom-made for me
it's so so cool harnesses a cute on
little pug apparently they're just a lot
more comfy than having it round the neck
yeah they're just like little coats on
them aren't they yeah I'm still I what's
this I think boot that bag holder that
one's key you're gonna pick up or depart
you know it's your dogs I'm gonna use
this for like a tiny little pug pick me
to use a massive scooper oh my god guys
look at this paper I want to get my pug
now so bad
Zoey can I just come by one today got
some snacks
we'll have to gonna get snacks sure when
we get the pug so excited oh my god Zoey
but pug shampoo and stuff we're gonna
have to wash it
Oh made from the same
as your they're like champions up oh my
god
think about how cute it's gonna be when
we put it like when we come down in the
shower her down sorry in the shower you
this your book I'm persuaded Zoey to
sneak off before before we go to meet
Moxon omean Louie what are we doing this
is your idea it's not this is your idea
are you in my vlog you'll know it was
not my idea how are we doing
you're making me do a drive-through
burger care okay can we just get some
chicken nuggets then you can go ever you
want no I just want some chicken no good
that's fine then you can get some
chicken nuggets I'm gonna get all with
the chicken oh come on we're having
dinner with Marcos in my own Louie boy
hit bikini coochie-coochie-coo what's
that from what film is that or he goes
at that on on his nose and he's like oh
I don't know what you're doing some
people will know in the comments what
film okay no I'm not saying his hands
are covered in mashed potatoes all I'm
saying look I've never heard of that
you've seen it
she's got bats marks noemi's Marcus
doesn't know what this is
Louie showing what it is I bought these
today just to play with us here all
right you ready hold this on one side oh
my god yeah
ah was it like a ping-pong ball
yeah why are you going on that where's
your fingers rest no I just
go know me here go find out other way
OpenNet knew this was a good buy marks
is now gonna go and get the feature by
himself see you later man
I'm not coming with you so I drop me
tell everyone why you want me to come
with you April scheduled for I get
murder who are you gonna get murdered by
you never know Brighton can be a
dangerous place know it card card or
your gun by yourself so late man good
luck good luck
all righty Marcus you like man everyone
say good luck to Marcus can you say good
luck message to Marcus just for you guys
you'll be all right good luck in your
ventures to collect the pizza we'll all
be thinking of you and I hope you make
it
you've been a good friend Marcus I hope
hope I see you soon I'm gonna be so much
market-moving man trying to get Marcus a
message for you maybe gets killed
it's been amazing though neva and it's
been an honor it's gonna number I see
that man my name peas I'm Adam I got my
friends thanks guys silly man actually
seriously scared look
gods do that mad vibe yeah so we just
pick it up pieces now Louie marks what
when you join the Louie Louie off the
spicy cycle in the wild ha I got half
and half wonderheart is the wild which
has those chilies are ghost chilies the
woman's worn that's how hot is it I
don't you take that man yeah that's my
wife I guess mines the least hot on
winning Bob all right thank you so much
we got a pizzas guys where's Louise his
half-and-half
Louie man she said they're cooked but
what did she say about them being cooked
Marcus ah nothing I bet she said it
doesn't help with the he said it gets
even hotter oh okay she said what one
did she say start with first
she said start popping up she said
there's layers it goes goes true then
something I had something else these the
ghost stories here
no she's just saying about onions that
was no no no she was saying my peach
with the bottom here is the least hot
and then Louise Wow so she said if you
want something cold eat some of the my
pizza anyway have you got milk please
top the mine ha ha
they don't your milk no even that I'd
read I've got my shop I maybe I
should've I said get milk try on about
we the wheel swim and I was like do a
lot of people order and she said it's
one the most populous yes i'm came in
the other day so it's not even that hot
they love it okay so i don't know if
it's like solid right it enjoyable she
was like yeah yeah like she said it's
one of my popular thing
Pisa has arrived and this is my world
no I'm not sure apparently half of it is
gays chili pizza but no both of them
sides of chili on I don't know he would
support so I just try this chili and see
if it goes today may I say just go for a
bite watch which side the things go
because how she explained it to me was
is in layers Yoji top hot so the top of
the mochi and then on yeah and then
something else just basically I said it
like tomato name nice like different
layers of nice but which side is which
to remember I'm going to say the hot one
is this one this one I reckon try to
start with that yeah have a bite to eat
a half bit in one go okay and if you
don't you uh I think that's right
exactly right
maybe sucks on my name's Charlie is that
is that good yeah really good is your
spicy no I'm not a little bit a little
bit of spicy to Louie by the way as I
yeah it's probably just great for it's
just got a all ghost chili to these
mouths and he's right yeah hmm you
reckon that side okay
haha extra short the bad it's pretty hot
well that's instant it is manageable
yeah sure Wow I reckon you should let
Marcus have a bite
oh I think I'll pass on that one that's
a real kick to it is it good Dino me
your tally it's really good oh you
sweating yet no honey you scared yet
yeah though you scared yet you scared no
me yeah the film hasn't even started
with bad star some horror movies guys
scared Marcus thinks he's in a cinema
you go see de caca tonight in scary
movie because VP of injections he could
have flipped clown I'm actually gonna
show you guys something
oh my god I'm scared
there's a Bacchus there oh yeah no oh me
oh my god
if you don't get my guys in this game
over they were watching at the moment
the little girl that lives and boxes and
stuff is weird
all you guys you need to take up box as
low girls staying in that box
tonight see ya hi hey you're coming with
us
well I guess by day just go back to
Zoey's and she's going straight to bed
cuz she's got to be up early tomorrow
morning
good night yeah we're okay like why you
where as we were leaving marks know me
through water out of their window us to
scare us and it was pretty scary no no
it was please guys my gaming channel has
just hit 1 million subscribers yes Louie
boy I'm always with you man whenever I
hit stuff so crazy so three channels
with a million subscribers right you
guys are the best don't know how it
always does this but it always just ends
up so late with you living man you've
got to be up in like four hours
Louis driving to London with Zoe in like
four and a half hours so it is currently
20 to 3 in the evening I'm going to go
to sleep now so give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it let's see if we can
beat how many we got yesterday as always
so far we are on like 26,000 or
something so I go down below and click
that like button
good night man they're not going to see
you because I won't be awake tomorrow
morning a good time I'm next to go come
on follow my vectors the Mexica yeah go
and sub to Louie follow stuff and Mexico
fun for Louie and I'll see you tomorrow
