good morning guys I look like absolute
crap
I'm just woken up what's the time sorry
10:00 to 2:00 I haven't done this in
ages I woke up with a little card from
Zoey it's just super sweet
how you doing yeah yeah I haven't
started yet which made me breakfast
and the cup of tea in bed and I've done
a little washing
I've done put the dishwasher on I've
tidied the fly Ginny's blog oh are you
were sleeping no the best every time a
daily vlog I just think to myself I am
so good at day running because I mean I
definitely have not only filmed at one
or two clips and it's definitely not
eight minutes to 10:00 in the evening
but I've how busy we've been today like
so sega's
this is your kind of event and then we
might go get some food after aren't we
yeah so today I've uploaded a sims 4
episode number 2 yesterday's daily vlog
and filmed edited and uploaded and main
Channel video as well though he's also
got beans on her top did you not want
that one no going to eat el from your
boob those also edited and uploaded a
day vlog and filmed and uploaded a main
Channel video so I haven't really had
too much to film today oh there's also
my boxers for most of it because I was
just so hot it was such a lovely day but
we did stay inside all day and just in
this I just watch now calyxes new video
which is one of my friends I'm sure you
guys know him
and then we've got a cow for easy there
and rode to shore you just did guess the
body part challenge and it was hairy
yeah you were like he's my friend Callum
and make sure yeah yeah yeah how
freezing makes your um and I just
watched I guess the body part challenge
which they did the same as me and Zoe
but every time they got it wrong they
got shoot the other one with a BB gun
and it was looked so painful but it was
so so funny so you guys should check
that out it's just you jus come for such
calix tell him that I sent you guys
actions as Cal freezing Cal Frieza do
you like that yeah his side carries it's
funny but yeah it's 10 o'clock what 5 to
10 Louie is on his way over now he's
driving over and staying over tonight
because we don't get to seem too much so
he makes he's to be fed to him whenever
he's in the country Louie make such an
effort doesn't hey thanks but really
really like we don't seem too often but
whenever he's in the country 100 says
him he comes down drives or in the late
night so he's driving at the moment and
then he's gonna come and stare tonight
we're gonna try and make him watch ask a
film because believe it or not actually
you would have seen in my daily vlog
dose that went up last night no night
before last the one that I just brought
up now how scared he gets doesn't hate
the plane the oculus rift that horror
game he was so scared so watches gay
films is like his worst nightmare so
we're gonna try and make him what you
scared my fam B socks song yeah what's
up with that Nicole because whenever I
stay at your flat I never have any fresh
graves so I've got I've got a clean
t-shirt of mine and then I've got your
pajama bottoms are these pajama bottoms
I told you what they were please don't
tell me they're your actual trousers
like comfy yeah and then I've got your
mummy socks on but strangely do kind of
fit me but anyways yeah we're just
waiting for Louie now and then I'll blog
some funny stuff and we're watching The
X Factor which I do love watching I
really really love The X Factor although
Britain's Got yad remember that time you
auditioned I auditioned in 2010 and you
auditioned in 2011 you're gonna stop
this stupid his movements people going
like google it we didn't order she guys
it does I think I ordered a bit too much
food just for myself Zoe's already eaten
got half the duck in there some little
things to wrap up my dark chicken satay
one rice another ice which I didn't
realize I was getting stuffed with in
the wraps chicken chow mein which I
didn't think I ordered seaweed which are
never ordered at all so three things
that came that I didn't think were
coming I didn't even I don't think they
even paid for them also some prawn
crackers
Oh
and vegetable things I heard quite a lot
but I know I don't think I ordered half
of it though I only meant to order I
meant order this this and this I was
meant to order them sorry I'm not
because no you told me order chicken
rice and egg fried rice oh yeah I did
order - I didn't order chicken chow mein
I didn't order these days you wanted the
dark yeah yeah this is all the dark yeah
I ordered vegetable but in order these
two you didn't order chicken noodles
no what I think happened is that I did
order them I thought I took them off the
order yeah I did not order that I've won
a hundred percent I didn't order this
right no I don't you try are you trying
I just eaten pudding I don't want to try
like Jesse and chicken I don't want to
try it it's not actually I'm glad that
way it's cabbage no it's not
so my life it's cabbage it's not
actually Louie is gonna do the seaweed
cabbage challenge when he gets like
we're gonna make him eat the whole thing
Louise here now guys yeah
how's your phone there in broke his
phone he's got here now and it is
quarter to two
his work kind of working but the camera
broke like maybe it comes out soon
though
yeah so we're now trying to find out
who's Zoey's youtuber boyfriend I just
did that on my main channel or the video
went up just now I don't know when that
was for you like yesterday or something
so she's now on some of the questions
find out her boyfriend Ed's
imagining magic because that's not who
you get back to you guys okay we're on
the last question guys we're gonna find
out who her
youtuber boyfriend is who is it don't do
the dog
within even arts the same things and
Asura both Tyler is your boyfriend but
you just broke up with him on your
channel oh that's really awkward but it
just goes to show you that we were made
for each other really deep down Zeiler
ism is a thing I'm gonna knock him out
there must be of course there must be as
I said yesterday on Twitter guys or
yesterday for you anyways today for me I
said that I'd give five of you a shout
out that clicked like on my new main
Channel video and commented something
cool so I'm just looking through the
comments now and I'm trying to think all
right this one is cool one I'm gonna
give where was it no though josh rocks
seven one two there's a shout-out to you
because you actually got it right let's
give some random Scrolls stop there
Caroline Hera is that how you pronounce
that random scroll again for Emmy
Fanning hope that comes out in American
sooo now for you I definitely get it it
does it comes out in America in six
different book shops on the 16th of
September and one of them is Barnes and
Nobles everybody's asking me don't carry
on scroll in and Elizabeth McQueen's
that's three people is that Natalie uh
because hello viana denied that's your
name
and the last person who became a
thirteen says Jesus outfits crazy to see
you publishing books and meeting
thousands of people compared to when you
started off by compressing proud
best-looking future mate thank you so
much man thanks so much say there's five
shoutouts to you guys like I said I
would earlier on Twitter
so it's 3:45 in the morning and we just
sit and watching some movies blogs
man just crazy some of this stuff guys
I've missed them because I was in Italy
no no actually I was in Greece Santorini
with the other guys and some of this
stuff
me now is just in saying you guys need
to go and check it out if you haven't
seen that what days should they check
out like which ones are the best ones
just the ones when I was in the jungle
there's like three or four of them
there's one that's like Mike the guide
gets bitten by snake there's 100 sloth
selfie when I'm like with a cell flop in
the trees yeah I thought you crazy crazy
it's 4:00 in the morning and we kind of
really need to get up super early
tomorrow we have to be up by what I'm to
have to be up half nine 9 ten 10 very
cool first that's pushed me in marks
know me I cafe tomorrow morning
breakfast with Zoey at half 10 so he
probably got that six hours sleep from
right now to get that on time so I'm
gonna end the vlog here let's see as
usual can get more thumbs up on today's
vlog than yesterday which is gonna be
hard because yesterday's is doing crazy
well because there's my book signing one
I think so vast are like 25 30 thousand
thumbs up which is mad so I give the
video a thumbs up good night man no I
send away guys
