good morning guys it is the day whole
days how you doing they all days I'm
great it is the wine I like your big old
hat
they always got a little hot I'm
actually don't know if I should wear it
I like you I think you look really good
today look a little dress guys it's got
all that cool little places on a spit
mound no wasn't appropriate
and today because I was working with AB
simple on the skin intern project I'm
going into then don't you have like a
big old hoo-ha with the skin interns and
just a big old humming AHA I don't think
that sounds right you having a hoo-ha
with the skin in terms
oh that's fun so we both got a car we're
getting the same car to London which is
super good makes everything so much
easier we combine just share it because
as you know I'm also going to London but
under my first book signing today which
is super exciting I've seen you guys
like tweeting me pictures at Wayne in
line stuff like that and I'm still at
home I woke up to see pictures saying
that people in the queue and I was like
no way yuq in so early I'm not even not
even awake yet but I better get going
it's ruin the car now we've been in here
for like an hour Drakken about an hour
and I just got a call from on my friends
saying that at the book signing there is
over a thousand people that I've tickets
so far and hundreds of people that are
still waiting to get their tickets and
it's absolutely crazy and I think that's
good you all get I think it's all or not
because Waterstone said they got it all
sorted to me and everything like that
and I did warn them there'd be a lot of
people come in and maybe I was like
maybe a lot of people coming they could
be there might not be but there could be
a lot and the app pounding this are
already and I'm not even there yet I'm
not even I just started getting into
London in the car and apparently this at
well over a thousand of you already and
it's crazy so I'm really really excited
so it's just notice something what have
you noticed from outside
the leaves are turning brown orange
that's excited to get autumn II guys do
you know I'm really excited for like
wearing jumpers yelling scarves you guys
I didn't know Google have a car company
oh wait it's got an extra oh and and I
and and I some people to tweet me like
Alfie of travel five hours and
apparently I'm not even gonna get to
meet you
so what I might have to do is just you
like selfies rather than normal pictures
and a book signing there like a signing
sitting down or something like that
shame that you can't spend more time
with everyone but obviously the aim was
to do that it's like at these things it
kind of turns into a quantity not
quality because obviously you want to be
able to give everyone a signature like
it's really horrible yeah so we're on
the end of it stuck here now getting
loads of slack I'm seeing if so do
people or not your life is gonna be the
same when you have your book signings
and I'm having so many people tweet me
that Althea Pony employee even gonna get
to meet you and Stafford and I
absolutely hate that but I'm just going
to be as quick as I can so I can be as
many of you as I can involve than just a
little amount of you and disappoint a
lot but I'll keep you updated guys guys
I'm scared and we've already driven
around the block and seen the queue is
huge
apparently it's better for me to walk in
the front then it is the back we go down
that gonna yeah yeah
oh the police are already there there's
police vans oh I don't think I'm gonna
get out well guys you wanna oh my god no
they told me to go in the front entrance
okay where is Zoe Zoe get oh I can't see
it I can't see it
oh no oh I know I can't see it Oh
hahaha this is a little boys there is
crying why are you crying you gotta make
you gotta shoot now I know your makeups
gonna be ruined
oh that one it's just really sweet and
everyone's so excited
guys well one of me everyone that is why
each is cold isn't that easy is cooking
show
excited out that is really exciting
let you do my book signing our and it is
insane this is so so crazy somebody just
gave me a dog bowl didn't day and he
said pointless plug on it for knowledge
just so cold hey thanks so much for
coming
look at this ghost t-shirt thank you so
much you know awesome
yesterday the last ones crazy you guys
to the best thank you
so Grace's got my book and she's already
drawing my hair in out is that make my
hair look like rice is it hmm not quite
much i Jake and I love it she finished
up now leaving the venue now that was
absolutely amazing I met I signed over
2,000 book some of you bought like two
or three but I met over a thousand W and
that was just crazy so thank you so much
everyone come and if I didn't get to
meet you and of course I'm sorry but I
can't meet everybody I never knew how
many people where that door doesn't open
that's all good how many people will
going to turn up of course thanks
account if you didn't if you didn't I'm
sorry Zoe stop crying find a place my
breath always seems to salmon lechuck's
my siksa Peaks
oh it does smells like when I did the
team can tell it
basically by its rays he didn't there
was seven thousand people that turned up
and that is just insane I never expected
that but it does take things like this
you have to show me so now the rest of
the tour we can learn to like manage and
we might have to change something so I
will update you guys I don't want you to
be upset by watching this but I'm going
to update you guys on what's happening
with rest of the tour because today the
best thing was about today is that
everyone stayed safe everyone was okay I
know only got to meet like this over a
thousand of you but that is a lot that's
a lot
wow that's a lot of hours in four hours
and you guys seem like you're having a
fun time as that food and drinks go
around but the rest of the time I have
to change a little bit so I will update
you on how that's happening there's
Pizza update you on what's happening and
how that's going in like tomorrow's
normal some of that when I find out some
more information so it's going to eat
sir but yes so today you everybody
stayed safe I met over a thousand of you
everybody that I met seemed like they
have like an amazing time I'd say at one
point they thought I was gonna break
they had to stop yeah would stones were
like this is absolutely crazy like you
have to like hurry up siding because the
doors might break just everyone's
pushing the glass so hot outside but I
don't know you guys are just crazy
supportive thank you so much for coming
out if you didn't get to meet me I'm so
so sorry
there'll be other chances to meet me all
the five years I've been doing the
excellent local pizza I do know by the
salmon but no all the five years we've
been doing this yeah because you've been
on stage but after today made me quite
look today in like crazy it still makes
me want to cry now like one day I've
been like a waterworks
like I've been trying not to cry so let
my eyes welling up writing music oh
you've got your book stuff soon I know
but it was mine was the shock it was
just like everyone
everyone's like everyone's just so
excited so happy I just love everybody
it made me like really emotional to you
all this is how amazing yeah so many
people come up to me and were like I
love your videos but genuinely like I'm
so proud of what you've done anything I
was like oh my god
thank you so much yes we just haven't
Inc now there's like loads of people
around here and like smart people on
their way but today is all about
Elfi and I've been looking for the
Amazon reviews I just want to read this
review the most amazing thing ever I
absolutely love this book it's so much
fun
a lot the fact that unlike other books
you actually have activities here and
have a part to play in the finishing of
the book this book absolutely deserves
fiestar's especially because it we have
it rolls with it I love that you can see
how mousey himself answer the questions
the review is well-deserved
and I am very proud of how far Althea
has come so everybody raise a glass or
healthy and even then orange party just
checking sure that today's new video is
going like okay just watching it through
one more time goodbye my day
thanks so much for today Larry man look
at you look at this oh this your daily
vlog yeah yeah I'm daily vlogging on
some like broken old camera no look at
this I still look a lot on the
air-conditioner a you sweat man what are
you doing thanks for coming thank you
bye bye bye bye Larry
cheers guys she's my cheese new you
change in your charge okay wait wait
wait you know do that let me just strips
of JD's are the perfect bitch maybe so
yes i'm Taoiseach how's the hope you go
ready
guys look at Harry's car you got it
wrapped for jokes so body wrapped in
Chrome love it so much this car look at
it when you say I love this very much
tonight is that he owns this farm is a
chrome your number plate yes
dry troy represent in the communities
just even our twenty Fernando's we
literally have no idea where it is
this is what I'm talking about guys how
happy are you so happy i comically took
so long to find it over here now it's
got to all the food and then wait for it
there is getting excited what you got
I've got apparently a whole chicken and
extra hot chicken yeah game guppy
hello Louise happening guys oh yes I
know what you just realize you can't see
anything
yeah okay Wow
only let me fill me buddy Daniel got you
oh it's out it's a bit blurry yeah you
move down your face a bit yeah I a brand
it's got roller coaster Dana oh I did
you on headphones this recent video sick
I'm line the room headphones man yeah
definitely
alright the drops real
my conman Steve's up I'm scared of
heights don't know ya mess to me don't
wanna do that
hahaha I'm gonna jump do a little job
holy look around the car
Oh a young family down we go Hey ha ha
ha oh you have to do this one Lori John
John why I'm just chillin joking around
so what's going on
whoa that's the word Louise now play
nice an underwater game
are you still I look looking around
don't wait for Shore to come how they
got up I don't look up I think just you
look directly awesome okay cool whoa
slap in my face in his flipper what are
you doing boy what you doing
wait this is a dolphin I think over
there oh yeah that's not a dolphin
yeah bro soon oh sure
how's Gary think you go bro I think I
see ma'am everywhere not about the
columns now playing like super scary oh
yeah there is now having a go oh no okay
oh did he eat me yeah see you tomorrow
man
yeah Windham I was coming down to quite
tonight but got my grandma's birthday
sports oh really
Bosse tomorrow night tomorrow night or
you tell us really lucky day
Sundaram am i Solera good Sina out
ma'am please do that again
representative our Chairman you're
getting rinsed hi guys we just left
their apartment now which was super
super fun hanging out there tonight I
don't even know what today's videos
bitch I didn't really film that much of
the Meetup
but it was so much fun we had a good day
well the Lighting's winning car there we
go I'm going to leave the video here
guys because we're just going to jump in
a taxi now and then they're back home
and stuff so thanks for watching to be
enjoying their thumbs up as usual and I
will see you tomorrow
