good morning guys or that's not really
morning it is currently five past four I
haven't clogged today because I had a
meeting this morning then I just been
entertained all day so it's been super
boring so far for you guys to watch but
now I am off to a radio interview with
my local radio station about my booking
about my YouTube channel to be fun so
let's go do that also if you're noticing
the quality is worse it's because my
camera's stop working again for some
reason you know when Myanmar constructed
the other day it's broken again so I'm
using my old one with the best taxi
driver ever she's she's awesome she
start blogging herself and stuff and she
likes all the young generation getting
involved ladies and cabi yeah me I'm
blaze and happy that's fun I think some
of you guys listen to that because I
tweeted saying come and listen to
something between pictures and so I'm
sure you can like Google without or
YouTube it let's not know that and you
have to listen back to that those are
fun I'm now off as you guys know Zoe is
filming like a YouTube documentary at
the moment so I'm now off to go to hers
to see what they're up to maybe do some
filming with them and just hang out and
then I need to have already edited than
done the daily vlog and now I need to do
the Sims as well got my laptop with me
to do that my guys the slight change of
plan we're now going to Brighton Pier
because apparently Azzurri is there
filming I just got myself a nice little
latte to wake me up because I'm still
still tired I kind of had a nap earlier
got to show you I got up how to meet him
when dad's bed for like an hour and a
half and then diss medicine so when I
got dablam Pia just got to the beach and
these two have been really weird
oh boy
a minute ago you were doing this don't
laugh you were joining in a minute ago
what did you do you thing that ever
happened
don't be promoting your videos like this
on my videos none of that none of that
back at Zoe's now and just wrapped up
shooting how was all of that yeah oh
yeah where's it going on YouTube big up
documentary all about this one here and
- honey can you say hey let's leave it
up to them to watch yes in the comments
Zoe is making me dinner now Thank you
very
always speak like this to my videos and
my sweet to you why do I speed you like
that in my video mozzarella is Lipkin up
a bit now yeah literally my favorite
there was a distinct lack of mozzarella
in Greece in Greece yeah me which is
weird I'm Pete Sofia yeah bitch was
quite like a standard thing isn't it's
just a bit of dog now looks so good ice
you're not like tomatoes in night and
now I absolutely love them you've made
notice we haven't just got mozzarella
and tomato guys we have got some or
asparagus or more even more mozzarella
don't worry I love mozzarella that's
good
I'm just waiting now over here for Sims
is 50% done I'm not waiting for it to
load the rest of it and then Sims is
going to be up how excited you go
7-series I'm really excited
okay I'm a bit more awake in the next
ones like honestly anything - though we
were strong yeah Manik but we was like
all is he really good with the sim
pretty good I was like obviously
literally half asleep yeah but the next
one's the most important that's where we
built the house that's what we like do
everything we make the people fall in
love that's going to run designing the
house and Sims 4 because like the
building has like improved so much in
this awesome I'm super super excited
right we're gonna miss some dinner
as I was getting annoyed at me the kiss
one of my friends ali-a just put a
picture off on Twitter I you just
tweeted are from my account no I know I
didn't know I didn't I logged into mine
oh no never it was a load you out I put
it on whatever that thing setting is
guys let's my friend Allie ages tweeted
this which is a 4x4 Lamborghini so then
I said to Zoe Zoe look at this 4x4 Lambo
and she replied can actually say how the
conversation actually well yeah so look
at this photo and alpha guys oh my god
let a 4x4 lung-lung Lambo and I'm like
okay cool yeah he's like it's a
four-wheeler and I was like don't all
cars have four wheels so it's all go ha
ha and then I just said to Zoe
cashews like no you should for real I
said what does a 4x4 mean then Zoe what
did you say it means it's a big car
though it doesn't it means it's an
off-road vehicle no it means it's a
four-wheeler no that's what you said it
was you said it's a 4x4 then you said a
four-wheeler that yeah meaning four
wheels meaning okay so how many caught
how many wheels if you lifted your calf
the ground spin no I don't do that on a
mini I'm pretty sure it's just the front
two and about to just roll free on a 4x4
all four wheels spin other than access
as in they all rotate when you do when
you turn the engine on your car only the
front to do so on this one if you're off
about two wheels on my car never spin
wrong so you're making yourself
satellite such an idiot
they spin who looks at the back wheels
when they're driving next to yours not
spin what go around when I Drive or
otherwise they just they don't all right
look at me look at me look at me boy
look away
alright so when you're driving a car
mean spinners in the engine makes them
turn your back cause only spin because
they're getting pulled by the front
wheels hold them on and access all of
them all that sort of fixed axis all of
them are wheels don't meet only the
front wheels move like that on an axis
the backward what that I'm not talking
about that though and dog Matt them
spinning like when the way in which
you're caught okay how do you make your
car go forward Oh where's me only did
front wheels move the back ones just
spin by themselves because the front
ones make them roll along the road
really so on a 4x4 like this the reason
why it can go over mountains and up
lumps nuts cuz all four wheels spin if
you lifted your carp in the air and rev
the engine like one point not all cars
have four wheels some have three my
granddad's caught you step three wheels
I kind of want one like you do know your
own health
you only need a moped license to drive a
three wheel a three-wheeled Robin
reliant like hard
well my granddad used to have so I get
now yeah that's one relying on me and
Doughboy have youtube let's do it give
me some US ha ha sorry you know sleeping
what you doing just napping so at the
same thing no ok look one right guys I'm
gonna end the vlog here no I haven't
really filmed much today why it's such
like a random sporadic day doing editing
different videos filming daily vlog
radio interview cooking food so he
filming a documentary uploading Sims
editing Sims that's so many different
little things so I don't even know if
this vlog was any good to be honest but
maybe we did enjoy it somewhat tomorrow
it's going to be super exciting because
tomorrow I've got my first ever book
signing and I'm super worried because
I'm signing the books for you guys but I
don't know how many of you are going to
turn up like imagine if only four of you
turned up that would be so weird I don't
know how many people it's always scary
having fun events because the only
events vivid
before like with the other guys as well
so I don't know how many people are
going to turn up for just me but I'm so
excited to sign the book for you guys
and see what you think it's like and
give it to you and give you a heart and
get a picture and everything so as
you're watching this right now I've just
finished a book signing which is crazy
the fact that I've got my book out now
after all this like work getting it done
it's now finally out that's insane
anyways guys I'm going to stop blowing
you now thanks for following me around
today give the video thumbs we've
enjoyed a little bit you know what to do
guys why my why do I even say that no
night Zuri say good night
Picon say good night to my video night
guys
