good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you having a lovely day it is
currently 12 minutes to 2:00 in the
afternoon been with the team in the
office back in by 10 working having
meetings all morning but today right now
the old school YouTube gang 2014 YouTube
crew I don't know what to call us me Zoe
Marcus Joe Casper Louise plenty of the
pressure Jim of not forgetting anybody
so it said sorry
I think that was everyone I don't know I
said I think I said Marcus said Joe yeah
no thank you how about a jacket yes sir
Louise yeah anyways we're all whoa
today we are going we're heading into
the countryside I have no idea where we
are we just got sent the postcode to
film a special video for hello world if
you don't know how shallow it is you're
missing out what the heck was that oh my
god that scared the heck out of me and I
got that on camera literally just
thought like oh so fine I bet you
Campbell BC in the vlog so saying hello
well before we just go hit by a conga
hello world it is an immersive event
happening next month in Birmingham
Zoe's going I'm going to loads of people
there are tons of craters KS is going I
there are a lot of people also that I
can't aim that have been announced soon
it is basically a new it's sick we just
picked a conk on the ceiling it's
basically a new really sick
event not just youtubers just all it's
going to be or it's going to be
thoughtful occasion we vlogging in the
car these roads are too bumpy we're off
to go and film a secret special video
that is going to be played at the events
you're only gonna get see it if you go
there I told you we're driving through
the countryside our Sat Nav says that
we're one minute away should just be
around here somewhere over there
Park wherever you can what Lee hill
farmhouse oh wow that's going good as
soon as we arrived I've got a steak and
chips waiting for me with a side of veg
Zoey's got mash and sausage sausage
imagine who's ever said it the other way
around these guys are all about to shoot
some scenes look at this guy up here
Kaspar whilst we've been having lunch
everyone else has been filming their
paths what animals are these is it bad
that I don't know what more animals
these are they're so cool
they're so cute are there quails hello
how's it going yeah
eat your mark boxes snacks mine no
they're not worth watching our new my
new video your sunday life what snack do
Casper buy
well no coming out with the old school
jokes Casper
if you ever smelt Casper's be ophea if
you've ever hugged him at a meet-up he
smells of smells have gone off rusty
Karen's rusty yeah Casper did your Bo
smell like carrots didn't you your mom
will learn shutting me up and hugged him
hey how you doing
nice chatting to the baby look at Louise
in that laugh
they're good at oh she's smiling she's
happy
show them your zips let's do undone this
one I need to he wants to sit on his
arms allow them yeah it's called fashion
have you got one would you an oli white
hoodie to fetch a New York Fashion Week
he has not sent me one would you wear
one if he sent you on your fashion way
nice I count nice a nice little circle
it says Olli in it would you would you
and Olli white the coming all you why
are they coming like silly boys I've
been kicked out I'm not meant to be in
the van yet that's four for elite a
scene coming later so actually I've been
told to have to leave but look upbeat
this food is on this jumper it's
ridiculous I have no idea where abouts
in the country we are but it is
beautiful look at this don't you worry
you ready for some class a act in from
both of us are you gonna get on my back
we're trying to decide oh no I'm a cat
was about to run out memory boomerang
everyone get my thumb now
everyone's trying to get instagrams I
ain't you know oh that's a nice one Mads
can we shoot one on here did you get
your picture some good ones yeah did you
get a good run oh you got that man you
got that you look good no one's gonna
get in it buddy oh they're reversing it
the whole way
as I was gonna prank the others she just
found a worm on the floor and whilst
we're filming we're gonna give it to one
of the others
oh no I want me to get that on this
video because I'm not allowed to feel
more to see the vlog look we've even got
a drone up in the sky over there oh
we're ready oh look out strong Marcus's
no belt with Jackie bottoms Jim look at
this Casper's wearing a belt with
tracksuit bottoms also they're like
crotch drop trousers with a belt so they
had to look like they're low anyway all
the way up finis Marcus you are so
strong he was tough and everything in
fear you know he's wearing listen if
Drake is up there
Marcus you would never made it to the
top you know
what
boy that's electric gone look it touch
it I just touched on my leg go on touch
it can you touch it go on go on touch it
yeah hold it you have to hold out go on
is just me it like it got my leg a
little bit
oh now grab it yeah
this is your turn just to touch it just
to taught jackass
last bit of the day how's it going
everyone's getting a bit aggressive
because they've been been shooting for a
long time Louise this has been crying
look literally your makeup is all over
your face when was the last time we all
hung out like this
mugs are kind of come up with crap
aren't ya filming's all over though in
our halfway driving home
we're in Crawley at the moment we've
done a little detour to go to Nando's on
the way back to pick up some food so I'm
just need to don't order I'll catch you
in a second eh
this is wrong talking about yeah I wish
one of us orders chips you didn't order
chair no we can't even eat Connie on the
way home
rice and peas so I can't order I can't
eat it on the way home now knowing that
didn't think about it damn it
oh well right let's head home to our
doggy
there's nothing there
sighs Sara's got a tour in the UK at the
moment I don't know which dates have
sold out or not I'm gonna leave a link
down below to Sara's tour if you want to
get tickets guys gonna leave a link down
below grab a ticket I am going to
definitely want I've got I kind of
bought 12 tickets because I know they're
gonna sell out so I bought 12 I've got
six tickets to her London show and 60
gets to her Brighton show that I can
bring family and friends with me and
stuff I was like they're gonna sell out
and I bought one he goes what six
tickets to both shows so I'm going to be
going to the shows as well and grab some
tickets guys it's gonna be sick I'll
leave a link down below to a tour if I
forget to leave a link because you know
what I'm like I forget these kind of
things my god I can smell like Nando's
its most so good I forget these kind of
things then just Google Sara clothes
tour because you're gonna want to get
you by that it's gonna be sick likes so
good so you know I having a big work
party on Friday and I've just turned all
the lights on for the tent that's been
delivered and all set up whilst we've
been out today you should have seen Nala
just then I plugged them in turn them on
and all it was literally like Scootie
bombing everywhere no she's not she was
literally like just running around she
was so excited obviously the tables and
chairs and everything hasn't been set up
yet
but we're basically having a selfie work
party just a big THANK YOU to everybody
the works of us works their butt off day
in day out whether that's our lawyers
our accountants or managers creative
producers assistants security we've even
invited like the security the body God
that will use Silas who else we invited
just everyone coordinators managers a
 I think probably Shana coming I
think there's like 17 or 18 people
coming which is going to be cool and
there's a bar coming and people doing
cocktails all day for us and we've got
three chefs coming along doing like a
really nice big meal for everyone so
we've got a temper in the garden for
that and then it is
yeah it looks amazing his sports stay
themed as well the party so down the
bottom end of the garden we've got all
sports Day activities and there's two
teams they're gonna be picked out of a
hat
where's mrs. coming in she inside
another give me a name to entreat oh now
you come in because you want to true
this so we've got a big old party
happening on Friday which is going to be
cool let me give you a treat for coming
straight inside I even got Tonya Jim
coming to say this weekend and we got
Hernandez which I'm so excited about
