good morning guys as I said to you
yesterday I have got a crazy busy day
today and it is kinda go I should grab a
banana for my breakfast I've got a
driver waiting outside in a super snazzy
posh car I'm doing a talk at Google
today
so they've nicely paid for a car for my
flat although it's London for the
meeting so kind of shoulda just stayed
in my pajamas and slept the whole time
but obviously I can't do that
so yeah let's go to the meeting wait an
AA meeting talk let's go to the door
halfway I'm route to London now stopping
up to get some food I've got my chicken
caesar wrap got a latte on the way
nearly there finally in London guys on
my way to Google all there it's already
outside Google building right the best
driver ever
in his car in the back while anything in
him
the backseats in his car but I didn't
pay forgot Google page where the back
seats in the car massage chairs know
that the best finished up we're talk
guys about super well Mia Maddie just
walked into water stones look right next
to the tail that's so cool
what we'll take all of these yeah buy
every copy so cool I got buy a copy I've
got like 30 in my bag this was over
yesterday's I alpha me and no me both
bought copy and chamber one as well and
I was like all three of you've already
got one in the post but thanks guys
that's so cool so outside the cute
little like sweetie cupcake eShop and
we're gonna buy some cupcakes with
people in the office and I look at that
red alga guys look at this I Maddie this
front you haha it's the worst right is
trying to be healthy coconut just got a
taxi to the train station now
don't even know if you can hear me let's
hope yesterday it was closed if you
remember let's hope that today it's open
if not I'm gonna have to go back to the
other train station little coffee break
while charging my phone up Marx will be
happy I've got natural foods on the back
there is just raw chocolate all nuts
dates and cashews they're wrapped up
McNeil parcel
some on my way now to meet up with Zoe
I thought quickly nip into my childhood
book shop or not childhood but I've
always been bought in Brighton I thought
I'd come in Sydney Smith's now I'm
frightened to see downstairs to see if
they've got my book in here which would
be so so exciting guys look at this look
how many they've got stocked up that is
literally crazy look at it and just in
WH Smiths guys signing loads of my books
so that you guys when you come and get
them
I've got a surprise signature just sign
in them all now gun in my favorite shop
now the Entertainer just finished up
signing like hundred copies of it Smith
so if you live Brighton that's the
world's biggest lollipop if you live in
Brighton I just signed a load so you
can't drop its mission to some signed
copies guys this is like the best place
Laurette some of my friend likes by the
way so guys this is not the best place
for video ideas because you just get
them random this way this stuff
they're like waits for you because
you're so scrawny chase here now and cos
we're doing this little thing where says
balance 20 pee on a lemon and win
yourself a drink
has anyone won so far yeah they have no
way did they get the biggest drink
possibly get everything yeah hello Zoe
balanced or is it like two seconds so
now it has to be stationary just stay
there do I literally can I found out
about standing up planets it standing up
what do you mean obviously on its side
lychee I imagine is shut up but I
imagine it's gonna roll right
Oh our giveaway hey are you gonna go for
it one time also I'm only weighs
probably to later go like a glass of
water if I do you ready thank you so
much
we're back my fat now and I just
realized that an hour and a half ago my
day drug might live so I need to tweet
it and Facebook it and share it with you
guys just turn on my computer turn on
turn on right guys do you remember
yesterday
Zoe scared me I know you guys didn't see
it may be so in Zoe's vlog she's getting
me which you way there you know my
behind the door okay and then you scare
them
why should I put the camera hahaha oh I
got right in your face
okay I mean you made it now you're
scaring it inaudible let me have a look
what you showing me
are you sure I broke a you're not shown
here yeah oh yeah that day today is my
official book cover me show net in my
vlog Twitter and stuff no get up
tomorrow
I mean who I vlog up Early's everyone
goes and sees for me and I'm gonna call
it Zoey's book cover
that's a cool deal yeah I like it
first of all I need to find a story what
kind of my creature yeah and it arrived
at my house as I wanted my dad to have
it so my dad's got it
Charlie's mom's got a coffee I put two
coffees and chase got two copies so he's
got one as well I hopped a I've got like
15 in my bag I mean that's so cool when
to go out nothing what do you mean what
the book cover Friday that's cool oh
wait no I'm not sure because there's two
competition winners they get to have
that instagram photo on the front cover
so they need to be put on as well cool
I'll leave a link down below so you can
feel or do it right the girls have got
their pizza it is time to me and che get
our healthy food on although I'm so
jealous
how good is out 10 oh I'm saying that
pretending that I haven't had one slice
fine I've had one of those you are you
happy that I made you be healthy told me
I wasn't allowed Pizza ha not you
weren't allowed I just said let's have
some vegetables and a stir-fry instead
still good plan or not of course it is
let's get cooking Jay what happened what
happened I look sweaty format I went
over there over the Amida and I couldn't
even that close-knit shred all this like
wait Jay was going to open up and I dare
around the corner are you going to open
that I'm bent straight down into it
we're cooking some sweet potato fries
and the chickens about to get cooking as
well
Universal nando sauce on it alright so
we're gonna play this game at you anyway
Gabi hold this okay
no keys you can hurt me you know
we like that you fall in depress
opposition oh my god no icon I doubt it
don't be on drugs you'll hit me in half
that's Gary lie down I'm gonna get ya
let it go on we're about from some sims
and this is our set up crazy look how
many computers and screens and cameras
are you ready no Claudine camera yeah
put it in this one right here I'm so
ready and tired no back of Zoe's guys
and we dropped a home we dropped Gaby
home Zoe's tucked up in bed just over
there but I thought I need to end the
video before I go to bed so I will see
you tomorrow hope you enjoyed the little
video and give it a thumbs up if you did
as usual let's try and see if we can be
armies yesterday's got yesterday's so
far as like something stupid like 25,000
or something crazy let's have a little
look how many it's got youtube-dot-com
forward-slash into the dumb rubber bump
bump bomb but all bomb put a bomb it has
got 21,000 oh stop playing
21100 M it's becomes I died 21300 24 let
me just focus again but yeah so give it
a thumbs up guys and I will see you
tomorrow
good night
