hey guys so I'm just in London Alan
Marcus what's wrong is you can't even
see you cuz the light I do it dude
London now got a meeting this morning
with John Casper as well right where we
going
I thought we're going to get some food
we just came out at the station right
let's go in there it's got meeting this
morning and then I've got another
meeting about my book which comes out
today if you're watching this or I guess
you are if you're watching it and my
book is out you do it alright then you
can go into store now that's crazy
I want to quit competition mark this
fuel beer bottle of water you have to
flip it one it's catch it twice captured
three times capture the videos is we can
be use yours to justice pause okay
here's mine so once twice through yeah
once twice right am
oh you'll do quicker than that Oh from
already 100 wrong
oh you suck man I'll turn it in there
I'm going let me show you how it's done
still walking yeah
give up here that is my water bottle
Oh
and now for some reason white starts
against a novices and may have to start
as my phone
these numbers a Marxist might grow the
doctor on the floor the first time
that's happened
yeah that it's broken all up there
yeah there's an open all mine
the Vics net yeah it turns on yeah fine
when you turn it off composers and then
it
then it does that scintillates
bah-bah-bah
it turns off
we're trying to fix my camera guys
that's a lot do it again I may be able
to daily vlog today then but we'll have
to see
okay so I finish up run to the other
ones and I got to the office um so one
of you guys just sent me this
there you go Maddie you play with that
you need to pull out sweets on it and
then some of the earth I've never sweet
you'll be like yep just drive it over to
you
Louise is here now hi hey hi hey you
hanging out today
you oh you know oh no is it in a couple
of hours who you gonna say Casio the
excited very nice spin round the Senecas
okay I have actually in case you know to
be dressed like too small for the cover
for a thumbnail just leave it all of it
what's in here muddy
oh no packaged out more books
also in this room OB yeah alright you
stinking poo also has to be a page-long
a really big poo drawing this guy in
here is trying to fix my laptop
how's it going that's scary stuff
he's just literally ripped apart on my
laptop's trying to fix it and so
hopefully Sims will be coming soon guys
bye Nate oh wow there's loads of them
they're all like brand-new do they smell
good
yeah they smell good all right I'm gonna
sign some of these and send them to some
youtubers comment down below who you
think I should send them to by the ways
bye hi this is like a nice glide cam
this chair wait let me go so oh crap on
me I want to get shot up you walking out
but make it look cool
all right you walk towards me don't
think that we're quite as well as what
we thought by why are they so finished
up my meetings for today and I got a
load of books to sign for people like
Troy and Marcus Joey and stuff like that
I mean not the cheapest rate that's
brighter
so that was an experience I finally got
to the train station as you saw me vlog
in a minute ago and it was kind of close
I don't know why they didn't give
anybody every turn and there was like
literally thousands of people waiting
for a train that wasn't coming
my dad now my phone's died as well which
is amazing got a fine charge then over
me up I love people's reactions to me go
get my dad now hopefully but it's like
Papa 6 so it's super busy time in
probably gonna have to stand up the
whole journey but when I get back we're
gonna Zoe's she says she's got a
surprise like a present for me which I'm
looking forward to and then we're gonna
record Sims finally I'm finally back
right guys
just going into Zoey's now I'm gonna
kick them out my house outside of the
bed
sounds like Gabi if it's Gabi I'm gonna
punch her in the head I better not be
going you're lucky you're not on my side
of the bed what have you got me there
one cake this is the Cookie Monster I
think it's chocolate and coconut this
one is a salted caramel what's your
favorite lemon meringue and this one
which is double chocolate melted
chocolate I'm trying to be healthy guys
and my Burke where did you get that from
water stains oh did you run back yeah
yeah we went in two days and I thought
you and WH Smith both of them have it in
there oh yeah
in your spare time you to so call I'm
really jealous I'm so jealous guys look
what's downloaded there is some yeah now
guys and we kind of didn't end up
recording any Sims for because it is
currently quarter to 11 Gabby stayed for
a little bit while I was trying to sort
out the screen recording software lot
with the Sims stuff and download and
Sam's and Alan sums for and download and
like all like the patches and like the
screen recording staff and getting the
microphone right there maybe less we
didn't have a mouse at that Zoe's flat
that is that Mike that never realized we
didn't have two sets of headphones our
headphone splitter and everything Betty
went wrong and Zoe was super super tired
then she's going to early start tomorrow
so we didn't record any sims 4 but I'm
back my flat now and we're gonna record
the sims 4 soon over the next couple of
days definitely definitely definitely
and I bought this with me trying to get
it out of a back pocket
from Zoe some Nando's popular assault
and I'm gonna make myself some chicken
they should call me Jamie Oliver having
excited what they're gonna go with and
again as usual I haven't really got much
Susie we're gonna have to mashed potato
which I don't one broccoli which I do
one so it's just gonna be chicken and
broccoli for dinner tonight
they were weird one oh well I found out
that him oh my god the effort whenever I
cook the olive oil like heats it goes in
the air or something and it hurts my
life I found out Wow
I'm walking over here I found some
frozen like health doctor like really
healthy pizza breads like hold me or
everything pizza brands but they're
frozen
so I'm trying my best to defrost them
but I don't know if you have to wait
long and I that won't still be I see
this one's not at all so don't really
know what to do I might cut them in half
and put back in at the moment I'm just
putting them on for like a minute three
times so far but on a very low
temperature I don't know if that's good
or not stamped eat mad in or whilst on
my computer yeah I don't really know
what I'm gonna do now it is kind of late
it's 10 past 11:00
gonna eat this have some chill Skype
some friends and then go to sleep
because I've got a super early start
tomorrow I've got a talk at YouTube
tomorrow you to make quarters I've got a
car picking me up outside my flat crazy
early so I'm gonna have to catch some
sleep after this and yeah hope you
enjoyed today guys if you did please
give it a thumbs up as usual let's see
if we can get more thumbs up on this
video then yesterday's video I think
yesterday's has something like 20,000
likes at the moment which is absolutely
insane so let's try and beat that and
yeah I'll see you tomorrow guys night
guys love you by e wave ever ever made
hey I fight them
