good morning good morning good morning
hey guys it is currently eleven o'clock
but I have been awake for a while and I
just realized that when you're watching
this video it is one day until my book
comes out so I wanted to quickly show
you something this is my book here oh
I've got little pot and trying to be
healthy at the moment with some nuts so
got that over there let's move my bag
this is my book here and you know I told
you that there's a oh let me change my
password hide that I told you that there
was an app coming out here to do with
that would Cheers
and along the pointless app app on this
book app and wait for it to load oh my
taxis calling me let me call you reject
that show you go away you touch here and
it comes out of your camera this is like
a camera on the screen and now when you
open a page that has something on it
eg a cake in a mug recipe woman I'm
gonna have to hold this with my foot how
am I meant to do this cool I'm gonna let
me hold it open with my two feet like
that then you hold this over it the
video appears did you see that look and
then you click play and I'm not going to
show you what it is because that's too
super top secret but let me quickly find
one more page to show you an example
then damn where's another page hand
slaps hand slaps page so if I hold this
over it a video of me and Zoey it's
going a bit weird because I've got my
foot on the page a video of me and Zoey
appears on the screen it's like super
cool and I filled out some of the pages
they're not all videos there is loads of
exclusive videos there's also some
hidden pages but I filled out some of
the pages like myself and when you taxi
man's here he's calling my flat okay one
minute okay I'm back at my parents house
now basically I'll saying that my app
some of the pages are filled out and
when you hold up my phone or my phone
your phone with the app over the page on
the page appears all of my answers how I
filled it out and you can like tilt it
and look at I denied basically when you
get the
curacy it's coming out tomorrow or got a
text from Zoe let's see you talking
about filming Sims later on tonight
let's see when she's free to film some
Sims ease ah she asked if the laptop
survived yet basically I might parent my
parents house now because I'm waiting
for a gaming PC laptop because at the
moment I use a Mac and Sims 4 you can
only use on a PC so I had to buy a PC
gaming a laptop and I'm waiting I
stupidly asked it to be delivered here
rather than my flat and so I'm just
waiting for it now but I got some
parcels that aren't the laptop let's see
what they are
parcel time with Alfie haha ah I'm gonna
open you up mr. box mr. box
hopefully I'm not cutting anything in
the box never my left hand that's weird
what is in this it's my bag I'll show
you that in a minute what's in here
what's in here what's in oh let's see
what's in here
got some new shoes thank you the ding oh
wow there are nice basically guys if you
haven't understood yet what I've done is
that when I went away of Jim and Marcus
they're like super fitness and super
healthy people so I kind of ordered a
load of gym stuff to stop going to the
gym it's to start trying to go to the
gym shall I say so these are my new gym
shoes look how nice they are
yeah and I got a gym bag just a little
small one and then here what is in here
anything else no some gym socks six
pairs of gym socks
I am literally can't even describe how
excited I am guys look what just arrived
finally my laptop yes yes which means I
can play sims for tonight with Zoe edit
it tonight and upload it tonight oh my
god Sims fall yes I played it the other
day you know I did in Germany games come
when I went over of Xbox and Marcus and
it was just insane but yeah I can't even
speak ea were kind enough and nice
enough and like the best people to give
me in Zoe because they like uh Sims
episodes they've given us it early so
Sims 4 isn't out yet nobody else has got
it guys and they've given it to me Enzo
we got it last night but because we
didn't have this laptop yet we couldn't
upload it so I got it today finally
which means we can play Sims 4 I'm going
to set up the laptop now turn it on I'm
literally so excited like I don't know
yes since freaking ball if you don't
know what I'm talking that means Ari you
must know I'm talking about means that
we have a gaming series a Sims 3 series
on my gaming channel that gets crazy
views like you guys are obsessed with it
more than any other video of mine ever
The Sims goes the most crazy and now can
be Sims 4 I just want to say big
shout-out to Alienware for helping me
out with this laptop because when I was
picking it I was like wherever I go guys
it has to be here for me to play sims 4
early and they made sure I tweeted them
and they made sure open that it came
early enough for me to play Sims before
before it was out so thank you so much
big up Alienware for doing that for me
making it possible you ready
whoa look at that guy's metal my god the
case that's so heavy oh my gosh my god
open look at it
damn that is so nice guys do you know
what this means as well because we're
gonna be playing Sims 4 on here it means
that even if we go away even if we go on
holiday
even if we travel in somewhere we can
record Sims episodes on the go that is
why we got a laptop because at the
moment as you know I play it on my big
iMac number one accomplice on there
because it's only on PC but it means
that if I got a laptop like dead I can't
even speak I'm so excited then we can
record videos whenever we want wherever
we want turn on turn on how do I turn it
on turn on
guys what the freakin chance is that I
tried to turn on my laptop and it's
broken doesn't turn on the charger
doesn't work so I ring up Dell and
they're like yeah the motherboards
broken or the graphics cards broken or
the fans are broken and I'm like oh it
was meant to come in the post yesterday
and it's not and now I can't play Sims
tonight and I've told everyone that I
can play Sims tonight so I'm in London
of a meetings tomorrow so I've arranged
for a technician to bring a new
motherboard to London to meet me in
between two of my meetings and try and
fix my laptop then but it means that I
can't play Sims tonight it sucks because
now I've told everybody I can so why not
that's broken guys I'm gonna have to
make myself some lunch to relax myself
got some bacon cooking in there got the
weirdest eggs ever Morgan's also here
now yeah look at these eggs guys I don't
know what they are me my family house
remember these are like blue or green
but look at the size of that one
compared to the size of that one
that's not fair that one's tiny so
probably gonna get some food boys in
there make a little coffee over here as
well Morgan's about to leave now but
before he goes I'm making him do I've
got this app here this guy just smell
them up I downloaded the other day and
there's like a beginner workout it's for
three minutes just on your abs we're
gonna do it together do you think you
can do no I already tried it once I
couldn't even do it by a minute the keys
I can rest this one you ready boy God
fly those legs
right now we move on to the intermediate
when I count we did beginner and we've
got six points never again jokes the
money that every day gets so ripped dies
look on my mom bought back from work
it's for me and I want it so bad but I
can't I'm being healthy this is so hard
not even one smarty if she can have one
like on a car before no once you break
it then you might or just do it like
once I have a little bit and I made it
up a little bit
no you can't papi will kill you Papi's
gonna watch this
papi if you watch your mum's trying to
eat cake I'm back to my flat now and it
is currently 20 past 12:00 at night and
I know I haven't logged in eight years
but I've just finished filming and
gaming videos one is saving now
go up over the next couple of days and
I'm just preparing because I've got two
meetings tomorrow and hopefully there
was a chance like tiny chance that my
laptop can get fixed tomorrow so I'm
eating mocks at the transition tomorrow
morning at quarter past 9:00 which for
me is super early so I'm gonna head to
sleep now guys sorry that today hasn't
been the most productive day ever I feel
like I've got a lot done although it was
just in the evening filming an ensign or
this game videos which I've been there
now but we know what's happened in the
daily vlog I don't even know but I guess
you guys will curse you just washed it
okay guys I am so hungry not my stomach
is like I need to eat I want to eat some
more food
and so I'm gonna go maybe a bowl of
cereal and then bed bed if you enjoyed
the video give me a thumbs up I will see
you tomorrow and I promise tomorrow I'll
be better I'm gonna be with Casper Joe
and Marcus all day so I'll see you
tomorrow
what am i doing I don't know I love you
I just got myself a little banana and a
miso soup I made for a little late night
snack but I thought I'd just show you
one more thing before I go to bed and
then they'll always do this but this
poster just got sent to me today for the
pointless book launch my first date is
on the signal September as you can see
and there if you go down it has all
those details and my other tour dates
here so Thursday the 11th of September
is in Brighton WH Smiths fight at the 12
September Bristol ward since 5 p.m.
Saturday 13th in the morning in
Birmingham
there is Smith's 10:30 wow that's an
early heart I'm gonna be tired Saturday
13 September's Manchester 4 p.m. Sunday
four teams of September oh my god I
can't even speak I'm so tired
Ward's tones at 11:30 a.m. I literally
can't wait to meet you all
I'm so excited there is also a couple
more dates that aren't handed on there
but I will tell you in the future so
that you guys can come along and meet me
there are like a little bit of more
while
Lisbon does that
make sense I don't even know basically
they're not in that like good prediction
I think they're going to be in October
at the end of October I'm going to do a
couple more days so I'm getting me more
view but if you live near Brighton
Bristol Birmingham Manchester Liverpool
or London
please come and meet me I want these
things to be like us awesome as possible
and I want to meet as many of you as I
can
so oh my god it's just gonna be the best
thing and I can actually sign a book
I've got something to sign this is gonna
be so so fun right I'm gonna go sleep
now I have my snacks I will see some of
you at those events I'm so excited
okay hi guys
