I'm whoa hey you guys so if you just
have headphones on I'm back now I'm in
the UK and I'm vlogging again literally
I missed vlogging like daily vlog in so
so much it was so weird like having a
meal
oh really broke my phone it was so weird
like having a meal having some like
really nice food turn up and not being
like guys look at this and like getting
excited there was so many like times
when I wanted to vlog so bad and I
really really did but I just thought
it'd be good to have a break whilst I'm
on holiday and I know loads of you guys
moaned in the comments and I tweeted a
couple of times about it and said that
you guys didn't like that I stopped
vlogging but I think it was good because
now I've come back I'm super keen super
eager and I'm ready to go so I'm going
to start off my day with a banana one of
these and I bought last night when I was
at the airport six chicken breasts
mashed potato broccoli and this so I'm
going to put here now this bit of fruit
with that banana in there and make
myself a smoothie just for me this movie
I want to quickly clear something up
guys Zoey the other day in a video was
when a ring on her engagement finger we
are not engaged we're not getting
married she literally just wore ring on
that finger and while I was in Greece
with the guys I wanted a new ring so I
bought a ring she not only thing she
wears on that finger anymore she was
just wearing on there for that one video
just liked on that I bought this ring
and yes it is on my wedding finger guys
we're not engaged we're not getting
married nothing happened let me show you
the ring it's really cool it's basically
designed like cardboard and if you can
see the side and yeah just got it from a
little shocked while I was in Greece but
not getting engaged just wearing a ring
on my finger that is cool and that is
okay and that is fine right that's
moviemaking
got my juice all done guys and all ready
to go for today that counts as my
breakfast but I've got to get dressed
now super super quick because it is
actually my dad's birthday today
and I've gotten two presents that I know
it's going to love but I haven't gotten
the card yet because I've been in Greece
so I haven't had the chance to do that
so I need to nip to town really quick
now get my card and then head over to my
family house to go I wish him a happy
birthday and what else do I need to do
we're going to go to the cinema he wants
to see the new Inbetweeners movie so
that's all good because I want to see
that he wants to see it today during the
day it's currently 12 o'clock and I woke
up early for once today yes because
Greece is 2 hours ahead so I woke up at
like half past 8 UK time which was half
past 6:00 in Greece
wow that's still really early oh no
Greece is 2 hours ahead I'm an idiot so
it's almost 10:00 in Greece yeah that
makes more sense so it got good time for
once in UK I'm going to try and stick to
a good time schedule in my life but yeah
I need to get dressed now and go buy my
dad a card and then tonight we're also
going for a meal which will be nice some
in town now and I just kind of you can't
go into town without buying yourself
something as well so I kind of just got
myself a jumper and a plain white
t-shirt
my hair's going everywhere I'm off to
the cinema now as I said to go see The
Inbetweeners movie number 2 so my dad I
just got him a card with a hug on it
wearing a hoodie where it actually loved
so much I will tell you his present
later on after I've told him I know this
isn't going to go up until after he
already knows but I don't know his
presents pretty cool guys actually in
fact comment down below now what you
think I've got him for his birthday I
don't know if any of you are gonna know
maybe some of you will get it so the
film was absolutely hilarious like so so
funny I was laughing so much and then we
went for lunch but I didn't film that
and now we're back at my family house
what you showing up okay watch what
happens what do you mean watch what
happens
are you sure oh my god that's C
No Oh
what is getting sad ah why are they
doing that imagine if they scroll my god
Adam I don't know why is it doing that
isn't it so cute in a night a lay all
closed oh my god so he likes me how'd
you do that that's like a puppet right
does it like that or not I don't know I
haven't googled it yet feel quite bad if
it doesn't yeah I don't think it likes
you you know
oh my god that's the coolest blonde that
doesn't do anything
name√≠s don't know and that one's not as
cool collection that one now looks dead
ahh guys I bought some gym clothes being
away with Markus and Jim who are both
like super Fitness people super healthy
is made me or this so nice wow they're
nice yeah they're not yours they're
shorts
I want clothes you burn the comments
were like Sean your brother or Poppy's
boyfriend Sean his Papi's boyfriend
right pop we each get each other once
with this as hard as you want joining
their first or last first or last you
have to let the other one do it you're
going lost okay oh okay thanks right
today my eyes are like okay I'm so
scared what are you doing no you're
gonna hit me of something else
I'm not stupid Hades no choice oh no you
got a Gary Hart right that is it right I
need to wrap dad's present now Zoe's
here now and I want to show this cool
little blonde should I be vlogging this
twosome I'm vlogging oh yeah you're
vlogging as well we'll do a little bit
of mind a little bit on yours right you
ready he's not fully awake see this
little blonde
wait stroke him just strike him here no
go on
why not do stroke him why does it do
that that's enough that's enough
what does it do every time it does that
he like goes to sleep or something he's
like yeah oh he's not fully open at the
moment may see all his leaves like open
up I did at the beginning of my video
probably showed me and if you stroke him
then it like flops down why I don't know
yeah in the morning though it's all like
brighter green and vibrant and all
standing up every day what's it cool I
don't know but look I see this bit here
is now open and watch do you think
that's cool yeah should we get one swing
out in a restaurant my dad's bear yeah
we just got some cocktails right he's
already try my sister's drink it is but
just try it you can have it sit nice not
really wait mom is telling me it's
pretty strong it's really weak
joy yeah look what does actually Isis
just pop these like that wrong yes one
ever do you like it guys check out my
steak and potatoes got some vegetables
on the side
Zoey's got like a million different
little dishes and you've even got some
more on the way
probably thinks you can do parkour yeah
cover it up
you didn't even touch the wall go Zoe
your turn
quail Zoe parkour go parkour go mom
this is always X Factor audition okay go
hey what's your name is Cheryl Cole I'll
be doing go Lilly our name where are you
from watching where you come from and my
name is Zoe and I come from the internet
what's your song today Zoe my son today
is a good shopping what do you do in
your spare time
thank you could you please stop hey have
you got any sad stories to tell us fast
well I have this prompt this song is
basically their dedication to the taint
of it song is dedicated to my crocodile
I had his tongue inroads to big
transport back to the UK so this is
dedication to him so I'm just a bit much
please can you compose yourself I'm very
emotional day be good if it's not just
indicative just learning for code I
regard this step now you need to input a
little bit of soundtrack of like you
raised me we're watching back Zoe's
footage now because she tried to make me
audition for the X Factor and because I
wouldn't do it probably smash the cake
in my face
so we're just watching that that's on
Zoey's video don't give it to them they
got over and watch it
hi guys we're just driving back now
which did some late night adventuring
and Zoey found a thought it was
adventuring in like look into people's
front gardens we found a frog and some
slugs
snake but that's all of that is in so
his videos like they were still managing
although we both daily blog it was still
got very good and I'm going to end the
video here now so hope you did enjoy
today it's quite a random one but and
celebrate my dad's birthday which was
cool I had affricates doesn't the prison
I've been saying the whole video I'm
going to tell you a present I got my dad
for his birthday so as you guys know at
the end of October I'm going to get a
black female pug corn Allah so my dad
has been one into dog fans at the ages
and my mum's been mourning one but
thinking like it's very hard because
she's been working and she finishes work
like fully finished in seven and a half
days so I said to them if my mum's
finish working now that means that she's
got more time to look after the dog
fully during the day so it's like really
nice for the dog and not left at home by
itself basically long story short when I
get my female dog I'm gonna buy the
brother oh man that guy named got one
I'm gonna buy them oh you just run up
it's a runner in the road it wasn't
accurate even exaggerate and so when I
get the female dog gnarley' I'm gonna
also buy her brother and that'll be for
my dad so that when I go away working
and traveling suffer like that of
YouTube I can drop off nyla to my
parents house and they can look after
her and the brother will be there to be
comforting for her and when my parents
go away or they're busy I can look after
their dog and they can save me
somebody was nice so basically I just
got my dad a pug for his birthday but
he's not getting it till I get my doggie
facts make sense and my mum got him like
a lead for is my mum in my mom not you
time to join the lead with bad day I'm
going back for the Pug when I get him
apart this is game wait anyways you guys
understand I know loads of people don't
like pugs and they think it's not fair
and stuff like that but I absolutely
love pugs so much and they're so cute
and I've hung around hung around with
them loads with Felix amatzia and I just
love that bug so pugs are the one for me
and that is what I'm gonna be getting on
me and they're gonna get a lot of love
yeah can we get so much done which the
important thing and yeah song ends bug
here good night guys good night Zoe man
I bye guys see you tomorrow
oh wait give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it as well got to say that
oh it just quickly wanted to say one
last thing guys it is getting so close
now to my book tour and the comments
have been going crazy my tweets been
going crazy because I'm doing a few
different shows all the details be down
below but loads of you were commenting
saying that Alfie you said it's going to
be a UK tour but you're not doing
anywhere outside of England as in I'm
doing like Brighton London Manchester
what was it Liverpool I can't remember
but I'm also forgot to tell you I'm also
doing Dublin and I'm also doing
Edinburgh so I am doing some other
places I've never been to either of
those places before so I am so excited
but all the details we down below please
please please come and meet me guys have
a picture have a hug have a chat I'll
sign your book you can get a book and
it's going to be so much fun I've got
some really really cool stuff to show
you about the book bring your friends
bring your mum bring your grandmom and
your dog when your part if you have a
pug
bring your pug and yeah bring all your
friends and I cannot wait to see you all
so I'm so excited
good night guys
