hey we're back women out there little
one take video for you cuz I'm on
holiday with the others I'm someone
holiday with Marcus Zoe
Tania Jim and I owe me but again as
before I wanted you guys some there one
take take some videos to make sure that
you're not bored without my daily vlog
so this video you can already tell by
the title in the thumbnail is basically
like my top favorite apps at the moment
so I thought I would go through maybe a
little list down here or my favorite
apps just on the iPhone I'm sure loads
of them available and Android if this
isn't your kind of video then that is
fine you can click off now I just
thought hey so super fun
this isn't sponsored by the way I
promise you yeah there's a little video
on my favorite apps and that you guys
know some because for sure I'm going to
be playing these on the plane on the way
to our holiday so number one looking at
my list is a game called dot I
downloaded this the other game I'm
looking at my phone to remind me by the
way
I downloaded this the other day I'll
show you try and show that little sneak
peak it looks like I think if you can
see like that and it's basically you
have to like put a circle around a dog
without it escaping and I've played it
now for probably about 45 minutes in
total and I've completed it once is one
of those games that's just so hard but
there's not any levels I don't think I
don't even know I've completed it once
in 16 moves so docked is one of my
favorite games at the moment go check
now on the App Store and let me know
your top score in the comments down
below
number two is again those three points
now this game is like super super simple
it's basically I don't if you can see
this you have like a little triangle
with purple blue and orange and then
Bulls fall down and the blue balls have
to land on the blue side of the triangle
and the orange ball and the orange side
the purple and the purple side you every
time you touch it spins around once it's
there like a blue and a purple ball fall
in you have to make it go purple and
then touch touch touch spin mile and in
the blue basically another really hard
game this soon I swear all the games
that do really work and get really big I
just so simple right let me try
now let me have one go blue purple blue
blue I don't know if you can see this I
know it's getting fast it's getting fast
guys no oh come on come on out fun zone
Alfonso yes yes I'm doing good
twenty-three and my best is 26 okay
right moving on game number three this
one is awesome
I got obsessed with this two weeks ago
it's called true skate it's like you
know tekneq slight little skating boards
with your fingers it's like one of those
but they somehow made it really work and
it does and it's really cool with the
iPhone so you get like the skate parks
and then you use your fingers on the
screen to like skate and you can like I
don't if you guys can see this I'm like
skating along and like you can do that
tricks and caption it's basically a
skateboarding game on the phone and it's
actually really really good number four
is a game called no one dies the most
fuss - at first I can't even say it
can't even say the word it makes me so
angry this game is so hard even when I
try and cheat and get like my dad to do
it with me at the same time it's really
hard so there's basically a couple of
different levels normal nightmare hell
and Inferno and normal you are like two
guys and you tap the screen I don't if
you can I just died retry and you like
tap the screen and actually jump over
these little bricks and basically I'll
do it is basically you have to do two
games at once and then the next level
down if you go back to the menu
nightmare is three games at once and
it's like so hard to press them all you
guys check that out that's cool no one
dies number five is two fingers one
brain so it's basically two games going
on at once completely different games
one that Bose was like very very simple
little games I've played at my game
channel they'll be a link down below you
can check that out - my gaming channel
and it's basically like two different
puzzle was going on at once and you have
like 10 seconds to do each one so you're
trying to do one but then a lot more
time is going on so you try and do the
other and it's like your brain literally
explode
it's so hard on to number six this one
is a little bit of a cheat because it's
not really it is an app it is an app one
of my favorite apps at the moment is the
Nando's app and that is because you can
order your food again this isn't
sponsored Nana's haven't asked me to say
this like any other games they haven't I
just think it's so much easier now to
order Nando's because I just like this
and just go find them oh you find like
the nearest restaurant and then you can
just order off of that and then it's
ready when you walk in that's really
really cool
take away Nando's and get it too much
number seven I've only got eight by the
way there's not 10 number seven is
snapchat obviously everybody knows what
snatcher is I don't even need to explain
what snapchat is it is so so awesome I'm
using it loads at the moment I'll be
using it whilst I'm away on holiday
night so you can add me on snapchat my
snapchat
there is a info down below what my
snapchat in the description I'm not
going to say out loud in case I ever
change it but there is a light it will
say my snapchat down below in the
description bit and the last game and
it's not even a game the last app is
called 101 juice and I think it's like
79 P or something all the other apps
I've talked about a think of free and
it's basically at the moment as you see
in my daily vlogs on this channel when I
should be dating wrong in but I'm not at
the moment I've been making about some
juices and smoothies and stuff so
there's basically this app on your phone
called 101 juice and I think there's a
hundred one different juices it teaches
you to make and then you basically click
on that a hundred one juice recipes and
then you can press browse and you choose
that hurts and spices fruit or
vegetables so just a say carrot and then
sir choose basil so there's you tick
them and then that says there are three
recipes with both carrot and basil so
you can choose that a couple of foods
that you like like vegetables and fruit
and stuff or spices or herbs and then it
will like categorize them so to say if
you want I want chillies no more carrots
then it will give you a list of all the
recipes with chillies and carrots in it
so it's basically like a really really
easy way how to make good smoothies and
juices and stuff like
but yeah that is it that is all that is
all the eight I've got only did eight
rather than ten because I thought then I
I just couldn't really think of ten that
I thought were worthwhile for this video
and so here we did enjoy this video
sorry there's a little bit different to
my usual daily vlogs in this channel but
I just wanted to give you guys some
content whilst I'm away on holiday and
some of you I know a lot of you play
iPhone games android games by pad games
all of that so maybe it will interest
you if somebody told me some good apps
and yeah that's a good idea leave a
comment down below with your favorite
apps and I'll check them out as well
give each other apps in return I'm
getting weird now right I'm gonna go
guys thank you so much watching this
video who we did enjoy it and I will see
you very very soon for new video goodbye
