hey guys know at the moment I am on
holiday with Zoey Marquez Jim Tania and
Naomi so I'm not daily vlogging because
I just want to relax I want to take a
little break and just chill from the
daily vlogging for a bit whilst I'm away
and just enjoy myself but I still you
guys have video so today on this channel
now this little video that are pre
filmed for you what you're watching this
I'm away I pre film this I've got my
laptop here why am I doing this I don't
know and I want to do some little videos
that you guys aren't bored I've got a
loving prepared my gaming channel to go
up wash them away as well as well as a
couple on this channel so today I found
a quiz online that one of you guys
tweeted me and it is called British
youtubers so I wanted to know how well I
know my friends or it could even be
myself as well I think there's only like
ten questions so it could be quite short
but I want to know how well I know the
guys and go through the questions with
you you got to comment down below what
you think or leave a link to the quiz
down below right let's get started what
is the YouTube name of the brother of
zoella don't don't dorm that of course
is it Marcus Butler pointlessblog Jim
Chapman or thatcherjoe hmm that is a
hard one we'll go with that you Joe
number two what youtuber made a parody
rap for 1 million subscribers put this
blog mugs by the Jim judgment that
that's your my name's CheY we'll go with
Marcus Butler number three who is Jim
Chapman engaged Oh zoella well that
would shock me wouldn't it imagine if it
was like wrong Zoe my name is Jay that
would shock me a lot as well Tanya burr
hmm quite likely or thatcherjoe probably
the most likely one is Joe but we'll go
with Timon just to play it safe
Tanya burr number four in which number
episode of my name's chase minecraft
series are you serious I haven't watched
always my god videos are only tuned in
now and again did he build a wool
version of his
cap ginger number 25 number 50 number 1
or number 100 I'm going to go number 25
number 25 che if that's wrong I'm sorry
I still love you I do watch some of you
might pop videos but just not every
single one what's the name of Marx
buttons girlfriend zoella again that
would shock me a lot Tanya burr that
would shock me a lot as well Naomi
smalls Selena Gomez Selena Gomez really
we're going to go over know me smart
what is the combined name of zoella and
pointlessblog Zoe now feat zoffie al Fez
or pointers o Allah I think we'll go biz
Alfie number 7 what are you called if
you subscribe to my name's Jay the chase
subscriber Italian or my name is
subscriber haha my name subscriber isn't
alien who's your name is James point his
blog my name is Jay Jim Chapman Thacher
Jim Chapman I only found out recently
and it I were there at the airport
something and he was like oh yeah people
don't realize that my name's James
really knows like what and he was like
yes some people don't know nothi don't
know what do you mean you said the my
name is James alright huh anyway it
sounds like Jim is real name is James so
we're going to go Jim filling the blank
drinking Dylan up with Zarrella this
video is posted on Fat Joe's channel
water tea poison wine or beer poison I
think that was a Halloween video what
videos does Tanya burr make be fun and
beauty
singing comedy nail design fun and
beauty please write please please please
say that I got a good amount submit I'm
actually scared submit
congratulations you are a brilliant
subscriber tell your favorite youtuber
you pass the quiz where's my result 90%
correct 90% ok so I'm so confused
90% thank you very much you've got 9 out
of 10 that must means that I must the
one that I must have go long it's the
one about Jays minecraft series dammit
dammit but still I know 9 out of 10
that's pretty good
I mean I'm happy with that I go take
like a on this website it's like nerd
test calm and then you can make quizzes
there's loads of quizzes there's ones
that are like crazy stuff about
youtubers those runs a specific
youtubers not just YouTube anything but
anyways you guys can go check that out I
would say take the quiz yourself but you
already know the answers now so there's
no you point you're taking it anyways I
hope you enjoyed this little video
there'll be small random little videos
going up on this channel especially ones
on my gaming channel as well so links
down below I've got some awesome gaming
videos coming out I'm so excited for
them got some go simulator
I'm not going to tell you I'm looking to
tell you I've got some really really
good ones anyways I hope you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you did and
I will see you very very soon I love you
so much bye
