good morning guys don't even judge the
hair I literally woke up thirty seconds
ago and Zoe and me are looking at
pictures of pugs because we decided that
I am going to get a pug when am I
getting it the end of September / early
October there is a reason behind it but
we can't tell you we don't tell you why
but yeah so we're gonna get plugged in
so we're looking because I want it to be
firstly it will have a Christmas costume
secondly we'll also have a Halloween
costume it will not target it it won't
have a wrecking ball costume because
it's that monkey you don't know what he
like here
oh no way oh look at this one it's
Marilyn Monroe oh you know in et when
they dress it as a yeah reminds me that
is horrible Ariel from The Little
Mermaid quite go away let go off I'll
show you a good one let's go down this
one ah see what is it supposed to be oh
it's quite tight your cuts to map is a
little bit chilly for that one oh my god
nice so cute no that's no my camera died
so I just had to put it on charge but it
is now super late it is what is Wow five
past two guys it is five plus two I've
got to pick up my washing from a laundry
because I didn't have time to wash all
because I had so much washing to go away
with tomorrow and yeah so I got to go do
that and then I go back to my flat and
then I'm going to get editing on some
videos just finish editing up a Sims
video to go up a Monday which is all the
same days are watching this actually I
want to make a smoothie thing so got
some raspberries some service some
bananas oh wow these are cold they've
been in the fridge and but this here
it's still a little bit dirty so I'm
going to clean this up so this is the
smooth we've got raspberries
strawberries banana ice and I'm checking
to pour a bit of orange juice in just to
give it a little bit of that don't it
too thick take that out switch up the
lid and there we go got myself mad drink
shove into my hair or anything as you
can see that to the office he room to
make some video to videos videos videos
y'all J say hi the last time I've logged
was absolutely ages ago it is currently
quarter past 11:00 at night
and I'm about to start packing now for
the holiday I've just been filming and
editing all day now and I finally got
six videos done for every single day
like one for each day that I'm away I'm
so so happy with myself like I haven't
felt this proud of myself
like making youtube videos since I can
remember that having six videos ready
for wash them away
I don't know I'm super happy so sorry
that the vlog has been a bit slack today
I'll try and make sure that I get as
much fun footage tonight now for you in
return because we're not far into the
video but yeah I'm about to start
packing now so I've got my big old
suitcase here my camera not still set up
on filming and over here I'm going to
gradually put everything that I need on
the floor mainly electronics and then
I'll show you which clothes I'm taking
and why I'm taking one taking some of
that we can have like a little summer
holiday outfit I don't know you guys
know what I mean so this is all that I'm
packing guys there is quite a lot I know
I'm only going away for a week but I
would rather over pack that under back
so let's go through it one best two
vests three four five six seven vests
for by the pool a pair of gym shorts
just for confidence probably in fact
definitely not going to be going working
out going for any runs at all now purely
for nighttime just to be comfy em
t-shirts 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 t-shirts for
evening showing the day whatever of
course I've got my TRX weiu jumper
haven't
one that yet brand-new shorts one to
three pairs of shorts three shirts for
in the evening for meals pair black
trousers a pair of like gray houses a
million pair of boxers you never know
when you're going to need more boxes I
always feel that when I'm a holiday
I work here box in the morning then I
get in the pool so I change into my
swimming shorts then back in the evening
I another pair so sometimes need two
pairs of boxers a day then of a one pair
swimming trunks here I've got a backup
pair here but the thing is I bought
another pair I bought like a brand-new
pair switch was the other day guys
and I don't know where I put them so I'm
just hoping the Zoey's accident oh I
know where they are just remember I've
got a load more clothes in here
what how did I forget that means I we
shared a case when we went away of my
family recently let me open it open open
I bet you there in here see a towel
boxers clothes how did I forget about
all of this stuff where my swimming
shorts where my new swimming shorts huh
they're in here because they were wet no
my new swimming shorts they're dry
that's fine they smell like chlorine
that'll do doesn't matter at least I
found them all of that stuff's dirty
though damn it and then lastly I've just
got a million pair of socks that is it
literally sweating like mad oh my god I
just rushed packed all my bag Pat this
bag as well I don't even know what the
limit that like the weight limit is but
yes and I'll be fine it's okay part
tidied all my room I can't even speak oh
my god tidied all that room tidied my
bathroom because my sister is going to
come and stab some of our friends so
tied it on my bedroom all down here is
already look how tidy my flat is guys is
never like this the only bit of mess is
maybe
like a loom band and a hat on the side
that is it my flat is never this tidy
but my sister her boyfriend and some of
their friends are going to come and stay
here for the week whilst we're away so
they're gonna chill and look after my
place while I'm away and I know my
sister's like she's gonna keep it all
come back and I'll be even tinier than
this you'll probably have like Hoover
the carpets and everything she's like
super super clean and tidy and
everything which is always good when
somebody's staying in your flat I am at
Zoe's house now and she is requested an
orange KitKat for eating bed so an
orange could cut I will get her if I can
open it one-handed
dude things won't have Excel I'll have
one as well things get out
what log in is just too hard to orange
get gaps there you go thanks you excited
to go away yeah excited me you don't
know your pack in alright all done down
there yeah I took the little tripod view
do you want it yeah yeah check that put
it in my bag but I've got loads of room
also guys you know it's not about
hopefully Zoey's got my swimming trunks
I come in as Oh Sophia got your swimming
shorts yeah
try something really crazy what's really
crazy so I had a friend in school you
got married last year I hope you're
watching this should we know who you are
and in my head I'm like she's gonna get
pregnancy and I just know she is what on
our Facebook there's no scam pictures
nothing that would give it away
scrolling all the way down this has got
a baby grow from her sister says I love
my auntie carry on scrolling down and
then I see in something else posted in
it said I've decided I'm going to give
this to baby woodland so she is having a
baby
how weird is that or is that not real
it's not right well it's weird but it's
got nothing to do with people watching
this video
they don't know your friend or the
situation what one saying is I'm psychic
you're not psychic also as explaining
people in the video that I tidied all of
my flat because my sister and Shawn and
their friends are going to stay in my
flat while were away and you've also got
friendzone in your flat while go away
haven't you so a double people a double
flat sitting for us well since I don't
if that's a good thing but it is
definitely a good thing for me because I
know my sister will keep my for that
really clean and it's good thing for you
do you know why what I've watched your
guinea pig might die oh yeah so you got
somebody feeding your guinea pig that's
in here and I got someone cleaning my
flat so one of my favourite games at the
moment is called dots and it's in a new
video coming up and talk about it in a
new second channel video on this channel
in fact but later on in the week whilst
I'm away Zoe's just downloaded it what
do you think of that it's impossible
okay literally who can do this I did it
once
haha do you like it no I hate it it's
one of those games that just so so
annoying right guys I'm going to end the
vlog here because I'm all packed in
there and I don't want to show too much
I'm going to go fast but look these are
all new videos that I'm uploading now
plus I've got another two more going up
there's six videos I haven't upload now
prior to leaving because I want to make
sure that they can all go up on time so
thanks so much watching today I'm sorry
that it's been probably the worst vlog
I've ever done so far and just so
mismatched but it's because I've been
trying to get ready to go away prepare
these good videos for you to watch
whilst I'm away so say goodnight Zoe
goodnight serene know not to yourself
you little one but yes so we won't see
you like a week there's no more daily
vlogging for a week this makes me sad
but I've got other videos prepared and
we'll be on Instagram so what's your
snapchat sorry official zoella officials
oh no my snack says it's alfie deyes de
ye-es and so we'll be on there and on
Instagram Facebook and Twitter and all
of that and so we'll see you after the
holiday
do you want some holiday hi guys I've
got to say give the video a thumbs up
bye
