good morning guys I'm in the car and I
wasn't going to start a video yet they
depend Troy on on the radio on juice in
Brighton no second yes Troy
Mariano City so doing some shake so soon
they're like YouTube internet sensation
choice of I saw me kill Sybil Lombardo
so just my parents house now making some
breakfast and a coffee donate to put
milk in this no not in machined on this
is their press that little guy alright
there we go
so I've got some water then why do I
hide we did 6608 steps probably trying
to get me to film her breakfast what did
you want me to film what is it she's
getting annoyed now and it's just
 it's just this this is just
yours all of that although me
I'm Wardian bitch was in that
and are you going quiet now haven't yet
I'm thinking I can't remember peppers
I'm in Banyan oh I'm not fair
is what we watching this is judging you
I love to know what Jaime thinks I'm
gonna if you're watching this Jaime
tweet now what do you think my sister's
did you see those that puddin she cooked
me the other day rice and yogurt with
fruit like dropped in it although we saw
it on a TV advert yes they didn't wait
some TV company are using the pudding I
took the make out that my sister made
those little like drop lit then they
watched my video and that's why put it
in the TV what the hell are you doing
let me rub it better that better I was
in same way but I will fix it though I
just turn around and you're like this
zoe bash turning your neji my table I
turn around hold this user explain Zoe's
I what are you doing I caught it on yoga
knee cap yeah I caught it on the knee
cap basically we're back at my flat now
we just finished filming The Sims
episode and we're off to go and get
lunch in that little is this still her
you know what you're like as well you're
going to get a big bruise Zoe bruise is
really easy and we're going to that
place where we've been before in a
couple of logs called stammer house and
Anna and Jonathan to come in Eduardo
Amelia as Erica never coming as well and
then popping each one of their carry
loads of us so we're gonna go get some
afternoon tea and food and stuff I that
this is still her I've had two injuries
on Rob now tell me to kiss it better
Oh do you want to kiss it better
yourself why what am I getting well Anna
challenge
but she had a wisdom teeth out watch the
blood in my mouth in a minute
she had the wisdom teeth out guys and
she doesn't remember doing this until
she woke up blood what huh Oh oh my god
I've gone through graduation dinner oh
my god the blood guys see her wisdom
teeth taken out she wasn't allowed out
of her bedroom all day and she snuck
down she snuck out to do that oh my gosh
my spotter is she says um when Megan's
not having our wisdom teeth taken out
she's a really awesome singer that's a
lot
my camera's lit chicken my night George
she's like a totally different person
now we're scared of dentists done Netzer
oh my god I've got goose bump
she said she's good I don't know why we
shot come here
we just found awesome singer guys
Oh
okay guys so her channel is uh this is
m3 GTR zero and go tell her we love her
and her singing is awesome and also um
wish that her wisdom teeth get better
and let's just hope that Callum from 5
seconds of summer actually does do the
ice bucket challenge after he's watched
this video her video not this one
we went we wait we went to stand apart
but they weren't doing food because
there was a wedding
so we've now driven to the marina what
happened okay for accessories or
certified slow awkward haha my sister
sighs you guys know the other day Zoe
not pop his phone up and smashed the
screen
today poppy dropped the phone down the
toilet and now there's rice because she
put it in rice to fix it okay boy look
it you don't manage to get out guys
remember the world's biggest chicken
pizza and of course I've got some
calamari papi what did you add what
skunker salad it does look good though
it does not do that it does what do you
have for sure spiciest eaten
chill out is that yummy
No
without work time she likes them annoys
I so I finished up the meal guy is the
others are hooves to their having put in
without me I've got to rush off now
because I've got a live show tonight and
the main channel fatty gun
I never haven't blogged in quite a while
but my video attire has just gone live
my daily vlog is also alive and right
now I am live say hello to yourselves
guys this is the chat bar hey hey yo yo
yo yo yo yo yo hey you guys are so
awesome you said hello to yourselves I'm
live on you-now I do these shows
probably like twice a month and I
basically go live in chat to you guys at
the moment there's over 10,000 of you
chatting to me right now at this second
on this live chat this is so much fun
I've been live for about an hour one
minute and 52 seconds right now and we
did some really cool crazy like hyper
things at the beginning like singing a
dance and also for that like usual and
then I just had about 40 minutes of
advice and it's been really really cool
giving you guys advice and things that
I've been through I've experienced like
school of results or bullying and stuff
like that and well I haven't experienced
bullying but I gave my point of view on
some bullying and kissing girls and
having sex and peer pressure and
everything that's been really really
interesting thanks so much for coming to
chatting with me guys you're like the
best ever say goodbye to yourselves
everyone cycle on YouTube again bye guys
so got a little surprise for you guys
that I didn't really think that I can
tell you today but it turns out I just
got an email and I can tell you today so
the book tour the book signing that up
and speaking about for this book here
I've released in this book the pointless
burg you guys all know about it by now I
released a book the other day and it is
only available for pre-order and it
comes out the 4th of September now I've
told some of you that I'm going to do a
book signing just around the
UK and it turns out today I can tell you
the dates
so the first-ever book signing that I'm
doing is going to be in London I'm
reading off of here by the way
on Saturday the 6th of September at 1
p.m. in Piccadilly number 2 is going to
be on Thursday the 11th of September in
Brighton WH Smith churches for a
shopping centre and because it is on a
Thursday it's going to be a 5 p.m. in
the evening
number 3 is going to be on Friday the
12th of September Bristol 5 p.m. because
again that is on a Friday Saturday the
13th of September is going to be in
Birmingham at 10:30 a.m. Manchester on
Saturday the 13th the same day but at
4:00 p.m. I'm travelling I'm doing both
in one day and then on Sunday I think
I'm going to be doing an extra one in
Eva Liverpool or Derby on Sunday the
14th and I don't know time for that so
for the last ones the Friday the twelve
in Bristol Saturday 13 from Birmingham
Saturday 13 from Manchester and Sunday
the 14th and even Liverpool a Derby I
don't know where they're going to be
exactly but I will let you know as soon
as I possibly can but make sure you're
free on those days if you live near
there and you want to come meet me have
a hug get a picture let me sign your
book you can buy a copy of the book
while you're there if you want and it's
just going to be like an awesome Meetup
I dedicated in the book this page here I
left that bit free for when I meet you
guys to sign it so I can sign your
little personalized not like to Emily I
love you so much from Alfie and like
sign all for you and meet you and get a
picture and have a hug and chapter you
guys it's going to be so much fun so if
you didn't understand I didn't hear what
I just said I will leave the details to
the book signings booked all down below
so you guys can check that out in the
description but some of them obviously
are the full details I'll let you know
as soon as I get them that's just like
the rock details but September the 6th
in London
isn't confirmed 100% at 1:00 p.m. and
thirdly the number September brightened
wmf chapter square at 5:00 p.m. is a
hundred percent confirm that other ones
aren't confirmed exactly where yet but
they will be confirmed soon right it is
25 plus 10 in the evening I don't even
know what I've done today in today's
video but I'm going to end it here
because I all have got to do now is just
edit some more gaming videos and then
I'm going to go and see Zoe so there's
nothing else to film today set from to
let you know that my new video title has
gone up which is super super exciting so
I hope you guys are enjoying that going
give it a thumbs up and comment on it
something nice I hope you enjoyed this
daily vlog I will see you tomorrow
good night guys
