good morning good morning although it's
not really the morning because it is
currently 22 3 guys 20 to 3 in the
afternoon there was no point in me
saying good morning but anyways I
thought I would start off this blog by
explaining that I'm not lazy I actually
got up a quarter to 9:00 this morning
but I've just been editing gaming videos
editing the main channel really their
video original I can't even speak main
channel videos gone up the same time as
this vlog is going up so if this is up
there's probably a new video going up
with Tyler as well today which is super
silent but I thought like they used to
do in when I started daily bugging like
the three weeks ago whenever whenever I
started doing why am i rambling I did a
little segment called mail with Alfie or
something like that can t remember
basically whenever I got posted through
the door I would open it of you guys to
see what it is and today I got this
beautiful little thing from Zoe gave it
to me from somebody else there's
somebody delivered this to Zoe's house
and then she gave it to me to open and
she also got one let me open it look how
nicely it's wrapped guys a little bow
open this bit things did a ding oh I
know I ripped it what is it what is it
can you guess what it is do you know
what it is do we know what it is I know
what it is open yeah look at this guy's
so Troy one minute
there we go Troy saw that I was wearing
his jumper loads that your ex ye great
one that I've got that means I bought
together so he sent me one of these
which there is only 33 white ones with
blue right in printed in the world so
I've got one of 33 now I really really
want to wear it now but I'm going off
for lunch with my sister and her
boyfriend and I know what I'm like
someone's ringing me who's ringing me my
sister speak of the devil death or just
call my sister a devil that's that's a
saying in the UK anyways I wanna slow
rambling I'm not going to wear that now
because I don't want to eat food down it
because it's white and let's go for
lunch with my sister why am i dancing
like this I'm in such a good mood guys I
got so many videos done this morning
swim wagamama
just arrived I got chicken ramen ramen
ramen miso soup some chicken dumplings
edamame all of that stuff why do we eat
little things there discuss there no
there's like this poppy at them they're
like these weird people things to get
your musician don't need them guys you
don't know where they are what is that
what's it called nice no literally what
is that this looks good
and of course Bobby's going for a salad
being super healthy as always literally
being around you and being my Marcus is
like the worst the other guys
is that even that bad beer
can you use those job tips
go on don't mess up
finished up lunch and we're commonly
present shopping for my dad because it
is his birthday on September the 1st so
in some little shops trying to find some
presents for him I think this guy is
pretty cool no sears no oh this is the
thing I always just mess about I can't
find anything seriously and it just
takes my sister picking all the presents
because I'm just I'm stupid oh yeah guys
last year I got my dad this that's a
perfume doesn't that look weird so
strange what are we going to get him
we're thinking of one present that's
going to be awesome but we're not too
sure if we're going to get it yet
because I can't even tell you what it is
in this time watches this video which
you will because my dad watches some of
most my videos so how cool is that table
I mean super drug guess who's here
a and then just over here as well guys
check this out look let's turn one of
these over oh look who it is
guys who's excited for this yeah yeah
look at that
Sims 4 I ordered this morning got to
tell you a PC gaming laptop which means
that can play sims for as soon as it
comes out so excited also I'm buying are
you can't six from holding loads of
stuff I'm buying The Last of Us
remastered so I can play up my gaming
channel time I've been nominated through
the ice bucket challenge by Jamie Oliver
himself and Marcus as well so a bucket
shop and you send that big till yeah two
big ones not the little small ones big
ones are you going to fit up or over my
head
I love her don't even get a choice in
this is just happening I've got the
buckets guys now I original this one
which one do I go for which one's the
good one original this get some
groceries guys finally had enough of not
being able to eat breakfast in the
morning when I wake up time for the ice
y'all should we get like six bags three
in each bucket two kilogram need from
three I'll grab these two I said yeah
we're back at my flat now and it's movie
time I haven't made one of these guys in
ages so I just bought some bananas sure
what one of those guys in there some
raspberries wait let me turn this light
on there we go nice breeze some
strawberries some ham jokes not about
him they're all got some ice as well
last time everybody moaned at me in the
comments because they're like it's too
thick if you doctored ice or water in
there I'll be so I've got some ice this
time one set where is it here we go got
myself some ice
oh my god that sounded bad is it going
to break it Jax you think it's gonna
break it
I'm scared guys I put ice in there I
don't if I'm allowed to
Dinka birthday right legit thing go
broker no does only does why Lisa up
it's like try and write okay okay and
we're back in the game
alright it smells good ready got to go
why you're not having only you sitting
in one one oh I'm going glasses let's
get some clean ones out here hmm big
ones or small ones we'll get two small
ones will shower and oh there's not very
much hiss there yeah it's just a little
taster but it wasn't going to be it's
gonna be my host food hey and now
instead of having a host movie I've now
got a shot well I don't know if I see
that'll do
Oh give me some does it taste like crap
hmm is it good
what bitter I like I like that long
alright I need to go and edit some
videos made my sister really want our
parents to get a dog
nice glasses we want them to get well my
dad really wants a french bulldog and
I've just found a gif on tumblr that I
honestly think is like gonna gonna make
them get a dog if I show them this right
you ready look at it like a scaredy is
you gone me go on yes
look it leather lady put him back up and
he goes straight for it oh my god handle
ear these guys watching ice bucket
challenge fails which I'm hoping isn't
going to end up like me because we are
now going to Zoe's house and I wanted to
do my ice bucket challenge where I don I
do it next to the sea and then I walk I
like have the buckets poured over my
head and then I have to run into the sea
but it's pitch black outside now I've
finish filming and editing so I can't do
that so I'm just gonna have to do a
normal ice bucket challenge but the
bucket I've got are blooming massive
like honor there's water in it from
where the ice motor is going to put it
on my head they're like this big they're
massive
so I'm still going to get pretty damn
drenched alright it is time we are at
Zoe's to do the ice bucket challenge
we've got six packs vais these two to
fill up two massive massive buckets I'm
scared got the lights outside on a
tripod you do yeah and lucky number two
is in here right guys it is like party
11 o'clock at night I've got one bucket
there one bucket there how cold you I'm
about to get soaked right everybody
donate link is down below it's for
charity let's through this oh my god
guys link it down below
go no no way go and donate guys the link
is down below let's raise loads of money
all right I need to get inside have a
shower okay guys we've got three
nominations
I got Jay my name is Jay man you've got
to do that hardcore I know what you like
we've got Jamal Edwards no backing out
man I want to see you do that
last of all my favourite nomination we
got Louise sprinkle glitter I'm so
excited
thank you so much to Jamie Oliver and
marks Butler for nominating me I am
literally freezing right oh rip my
t-shirt
oh no no come on come last right good at
the baths now all warm and ready for
this peach sir got pizza face healthy
pizza which is is a thing I'm going to
end of ugh here now guys because I just
wanna cheer watching films and eat pizza
hello
say goodbye how was your day so long
yeah it's nice it's over now
we're done thanks yeah so if you enjoyed
the video please give a thumbs up donate
link is down below to the ALS website
I'm gonna learn 800 pounds myself as I
have to I'm so excited to see those who
are nominated to do it and yeah I think
it's a great cause we're gonna raise so
much money guys yeah give the video a
thumbs up you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow
all good bye
