Steve's always awake before me wins me a
bath let's go Steve oh man hey hey hey
yes Stevie yes I do man Horace's penis
women back again for a third day here or
something stupid now loves that place
Steve what you sound like the coffee I
want you to try the village from that on
camera yeah so I went for flat white
let's give this guy a little sample
Steve's the coffee man delicious it's
actually good really good yeah yes Alfie
taking me to a place that's got making
coffee back with another chicken avocado
salad look at that boy this is the one
isn't it I'm excited it might be no one
taking an inch to a cinema sure they've
got the music as well what have you gone
for and I got an egg and tomato bagel
Steve was so happy he's been edging this
Instagram like an hour now he's so
excited what's happened I was like I was
like yeah check out his Instagram guys
as I said that little pinwheel like fun
so annoying I have you in stunned well I
really need to go like boy obvious Oh
God as well wait where's your Instagram
she's gone now and I am off to London
with Steve or he's dropping back because
he drove up last night as you guys know
so we're driving back to London
it is currently quarter to three I've
got a meeting at 4 o'clock by one hour
and 15 minutes to my meeting yeah man
we're not gonna make their string time
but I'm thinking Steve needs to do ice
bucket challenge in his car whilst
driving
I'm sorry say yeah that'd be really safe
what drinking zone I might get some
water let me - yeah cuz I'm getting this
guy getting this Oh Evvie nie yeah but I
like that board design never change that
name that's written sorry now I am about
to wet myself naturally I mean I feed
fetal position or whatever it's called
worm like this so I don't work myself
think of Matt Matt Silla yeah I might be
staying it seems tonight now drop your
tack come on Cheers no lift no eyes
crash will lift all the way like an hour
half an hour lift to the train station
serve an almighty I don't want to stand
up man I'm going to wet myself back yeah
think of it boy the weight of that
ojou-sama lap as well definitely that is
not what I want
yeah I'll see you in a bit update
I'm currently 22 minutes late I've got a
taxi waiting for me here I just got into
London Waterloo
first I bad guys I used to be late
everywhere all the time but I haven't
lay an agent and putting in so much
effort recently time for the estimation
feel annoyed at myself but I'll be
listen
so a thing come here not too sure yeah
this is the one country now is place
this or no you know what they aren't all
together it's so clearly not you're not
watching this are you now would you like
one of these like these way you do do
what I did that's right by lottery
ticket you might win anyway did you
catch that alright if you didn't catch
it then I what's going on guys I'm a
little bit confused watch I showed you
these lottery tickets both sides yeah
and then I changed mr. 20-pound nose do
you remember taking these - sighs that
wasn't a trick the trick was if I change
means you're was like a hundred euros
I got twenties I thought I made that
clear and if you wanna do I did buy a
lottery ticket we might win anyway
that's not wrong if you want to see a
proper trick and I imagine that it would
be something like this
take a card young lady good look at it
say stop gonna be like them maybe so now
do that insist off stop put it here so
that's the car yeah now I can tell you
you chose a red car get me can't lie
about it they're filming you they're all
blue there's only one red one in latakia
the problem is I you you probably
weren't paying attention so I'll do it
again
see we're going to put your drink down
you're gonna this is beautiful you're
gonna can you see these are all blue
yeah okay I'll do it again so this time
it's very time you can see him they say
stop whenever lights start at all cut
one more time
stop I'm living a carb do not show me
hey I can access card yeah just to you
by the way can you see it's got a blue
back I have no idea what it is generous
throw fear not rekt not yet he will be
rinsed in just a moment write your name
on the card very good and just
underneath that write to write your PIN
number to go the drunken obviously so
look your card it's got a blue back in
it all blue yes have you got any idea
how we're going to find your card out
that lot no could you wave your hands
over the card and say my big word for me
yeah yeah hold on a minute
No
what to hold the back like that yes just
like that close to you better
good buddy you've got a belly you know I
mean yeah what I've done is I'm showing
her this Capitol now your goal is to
keep that level yeah it's a very simple
question we as a board described by
there is baby back actually it's only
it's not a trick question people think
it is
watch the ball here well okay see when I
did that with my hand I've got the ball
back come down cut born in a
prison
yeah so what you've all in my pocket I
do this to distract you so you don't see
the ball under the cup for you with me
yeah ball pocket don't look at my hand
when I do that you looked at my hands
but some type of cup this aligns come on
when you told you when I say no I'm good
right he's not even marching ever yeah
see I couch it again look you ready you
want to see it again would you like it
to be an orange yeah yeah okay all right
thank you I'll do one more for you we'll
use this pack of cards take a card young
take a look at it you've got that card
but you remember what it is
in fact she's nuts there's nothing there
tell them I might hear you I'm going to
tell you what you got your pump is the
final stage yeah how'd you know you
couldn't even see the car hey what was
it I knew that
yeah because obviously have all these
cards here and there's lots of men look
there's I can't even see the cards it's
on you one upside down they all say yeah
okay your last one then I'm going to
move over yes does anyone know what that
is a music tuna you have no idea it was
on the floor over there
what about that - no that is - yes oh
yeah look I'm going to draw three lines
there turn it around and draw three
there yeah and basically whatever
happens here that side changes to match
you understand yeah yeah
in other words look at if I rub this one
off yeah that one goes as well
you don't seem impressed by that just
say what's on your mind we might press I
tell you what should I start from the
beginning messed up from the beginning
there's free there on free there I've
just used one thing you get rid of that
top one yeah and the top one on that
side goes and it can jump I'll make a
jump from this thing which is fine so if
I take the middle one away yeah the
middle one on that side goes did you see
the middle one go because it hasn't gone
yet so on both sides so just you look
I'm getting over that middle one yeah
and that leaves the one on each side but
if you watch this one I can jump this he
jumps aim on that side yet are you even
watching it laughs so anyway that's the
end of the trick trying to see the end
again I'll bring one back it's on the
drive side watch I'm going to make it
disappear did you see where it went
they say it's in my hand it's actually
on your hand just say
Oh
it's been drinking though about
Joe's currently waiting at the moment
what we number racehorses and drinks
like Warren in a day you and Zoe don't
ever drink water no you know what I a
recent with Karen pirates check around
oh yeah her blog that her skin stuff yep
and she said that my skin is dehydrated
I need to drink more boy put that in
your face and that way out there sim I'd
rate it so now I need a drink
drink some
not even joking your skin is better all
right now it's imperfect I do we need
pints of water a day
Hey hi bye Marcus
boy these cause insane
just got to steve's he thinks it is very
thing she's in men in Braddock but it's
not that little gun that works men oh
yeah up up whoo this is really what is
this way I'm saying what oh yeah one of
them if this dog just pull that down now
pop on let me get you okay lying about
bleeding in everything yes then I'll
sing hey guys I'm going to end the vlog
here because it has been a long day it's
currently like two minutes past 12:00 or
you really went to bed so late last
night and then woke up friendly oh if we
woke up at ten o'clock that's right
which is goodness a lot better five so
I'm gonna end the vlog here give it a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it
comment down below at unique on its
going to say what they want mean you to
do tomorrow but it wound up till
tomorrow night yeah I didn't design from
we'll do something fun tomorrow enjoy
Steve we're hopefully going to film in
the video and it's going to upload
tomorrow
well you can upload more man yeah yes
you are yeah yes we're going to live it
in his channel I'll leave a link down
below to his channel you guys we waiting
for it he's got 24 hours from the upload
of this or instead in the ice challenge
oh yeah I'm nominating you 25 from any
video on your channel okay
not the ice bucket challenge Epton now
guys
