good morning chumps I've lit you just
got out the shower I'm back at my flat
now even those dead its various last
night it is confused and we just live
between the two places it is time to
have some breakfast
although it is kind of hot bus one I
should have breakfast by now don't to
have I don't think I've got much as
usual open yeah I've only got much I got
some milk
is it even still in date the 15th of
August damn it it's the 18th is this
still in date before the 7th of
September yes
all right we're gonna have some of that
I'm gonna have some juice we gonna have
some cereal and then we're gonna have
some bread just soft no literally like a
brick damn maybe it will soften up with
my toaster I'm gonna try and toast it
and put on some almond butter but this
bread is literally like a brick I can't
eat that I'm just gonna put it there for
now and I've got some cereal but that's
not really gonna fill me up cause
doesn't go any fruit or anything on that
so might have to be unhealthy guys and
have some super noodles I could cook
myself some pasta I don't even know if
I've got any cheese I hate living but no
I don't hate that's a lie I really don't
hate living by myself
I love living by myself or like out of
my parents house but could I travel so
much with YouTube and I believe between
this flat and Zoey's flat I have no food
in my fridge ever and yes I could just
go to the shop and buy food I know that
guys but he just goes out of date so
quickly like food it shocked me when I
move out you know I don't know I'm
telling you this but when I moved out it
really really shocked me how quickly
food goes out daily you'll it you have
to use it within like three or four days
kind of thing if you're buying like
fresh food so I'm not really here like I
went up to Jim
after VidCon 11 after London some of the
cities of like that like I travel quite
a lot when two roads I'm going away you
know six days I'm going back away so
it's really hard for me to buy food and
be healthy because it just all goes out
of date so I think I'm gonna have to
have some super noodles you know my
friend max that played mini golf with
that time he wants to go to the gym with
me he works out like loads I don't work
out ever as you can tell by my body and
he wants me to go look I haven't even
one clean glasses I'm drinking out of a
wine glass but he wants me to go to the
gym of him and then after the gym he
wants to go to Nando's so that it's very
very tempting purely because the Nando's
bear not quite sure about the gym might
have to lie and say that a hum got
enough time but I don't know we'll see
what happens
Max's make me be healthy so you've got
no signs jokingly got friggin chips and
we've got wing Runet as well hopefully
you get the extra hot
everyone gets this like pyrenees sauce
and Nando's have never tried
that's quite good so these girls don't
actually know each other then they're
holding up 5 seconds of summer whenever
I say quiet sauce everyone's like no
five seconds of summer Meetup I'm still
trying to decide on the men from my
cactus and I told you guys not yesterday
before this video that I wanted you guys
to decide on her name now I think I have
found the one I still want you guys to
comment down below saying what do you
think this should be the name or not but
this here is the one that I'm thinking
cactus evergreen Katniss so so let me
know if you think I should be calling my
cactus Katniss okay that's gonna get
confusing already Katniss evergreen
Katniss kacct nurse evergreen that's one
and I'm currently just on steam which is
basically where all the video games are
just looking up games to plant my game
channel because I realize that I haven't
uploaded on then three weeks now and I
want to be getting back uploading two
Sims episode a week and some like
different kind of games so tonight I
think I'm gonna stay at my flat because
Zoe has some stuff to do early tomorrow
morning don't know if I can tell you
what it is so I'm just gonna say some
stuff to do Zoe is busy tomorrow morning
and all of tomorrow I'm meeting up with
her in London tomorrow afternoon I'm
hanging out all the youtubers like
literally so many British youtubers - -
and you can have a awesome video but for
now I'm just looking at some games that
I can play on my gaming channel but also
I bought these the other day or I bought
a plastic bag yes outfit no I bought
these the other day because I thought
you know what I want to do in a video is
learn how to make let me just tip them
out these loom Barling things that
everybody is making all if you guys
whenever I go to an event you're giving
me these bracelets so I thought you know
what I am gonna learn how to make some
that is what I'm gonna do so I'm
currently watching a six year old gal
teach me how to make a rainbow loom
fishtail without the loom literally
don't even know what that means
I think I'm kind of getting it but I
don't know right let's make a blue and
pink one right so like that then I'm
going to put a blue one on like this
there then I'm going to put a pink one
on like that and then I am going to pull
this over this one over like that yeah
now I put a blue one on and pull that
blue one over
oh I've messed up already guys haha guys
I'm getting the hang of it look okay so
now I need a blue one and I'll put that
one over here then I pull that blue one
over that blue one over I look look how
long that is so far I get in there I
never realized how long they take to
meet guys so I just made a little ring
one look here we go
hey I now understand how long they take
though so for everyone who's ever given
me one I'll try to give me one I'll made
more on an event or in the street or
whatever you are thank you so much
because my fingers over here a really
really sore and hopeful make you one
that was just like tiny so if you're
making big ones I understand the pain
and the struggle you're going through
and thank you don't even remember the
last song that I think it's got takeaway
now that's a pizza also Steven che here
now Steve just drove up change over ten
taxi hey hey you guys doing good yeah
some pizza yeah so up for this peach
serving me up we'll look it up my usual
place was closed well that looks quite
good you know like double chicken wedges
yeah that chicken which is the spicy
little chicken which is Charlie okay I
can try that see if they're good yeah
delicious tuna sweet corn that's the one
can you remember that's called cheesy
chicken no cheese and don't know why
thought I just throw in a kebab as well
in case someone else was hungry you know
it's just any of us oh my god Alfie did
you know guys I don't have you seen this
before but there's a picture of a girl
on a roller coaster that looks literally
identical to like when did you grow your
hair that long there you go that is you
why does she look I can't believe it
you're having such a good time though
whoa you having such a good time there
look who didn't go along alright guys
don't even comment on my head I'm just
gonna sleep on the sofa for like 15
minutes and these guys were filming me
I'm gonna go to sleep now it's like
caught four in the night that's really
close night guys give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you
tomorrow
