good morning so I enjoyed that cafe so
much yesterday I went with my dad and my
sister and Shawn that now Larry's mom is
over today and tomorrow so me Zoe Zoe's
mom my sister and her boyfriend because
then she stayed over last night we like
a film night I watched district 9 for
the first time it was awesome and also
got a new t-shirt
do you like it and new jeans and all
look how fluffy they are well I think
everything stuck to them and a new
jumper which I really like the color of
so we're getting off and get some
breakfast nice lunch now look how cool
this street art is
they'd put like chalk all over the floor
that looks so good just finish up lunch
and I've quickly run back to my flat
because I wanted to grab a hoodie it is
getting windy out there yeah look at
this guy's my little character so I
haven't read your comments yet because
the video isn't up yeah so still comment
down below what you think I should name
this little girl this is a girl by the
way I think it's a girl I think so she's
super pretty not very spiky yet that's
weird I just got a cactus pretty thanks
so much for all the books as well I know
I mentioned in the book a lot but thank
you so much for the support you guys are
crazy when I was in town yesterday I
bumped into a load of you and so many of
you were like I'll feel free or did your
book and one girl was like my mum
pre-ordered it for my birthday and stuff
that is just crazy that I literally even
my friend's moms like che you guys know
che his mom ordered a coffee
my mom's ordered it as oh he's ordered
Joker sebas order they're literally
insane thank you so much guys right I'm
off now need to grab my sister's
boyfriend a jumper because it is cold
out there and I think right now we're
going to go over to Felix and marzia's
and grab Edgar and take him for a walk
because you guys know how much I want a
pug and they're pretty busy today so I
was like let me take him for a walk in
there okay so go take a co for a walk on
my way to walking on the beach and
there's like a little little festival
one in this square called Brunswick
square there's a there's a little tents
and stuff and there's a big stage you'll
see down the bottom in a minute which we
would perform in on it and stuff it's
really close this is so nice this is
what I love Brighton because it's so
like individual and just my little fresh
fruit and stuff
see someone's control me can't get to me
literally just got drenched like that
was so much fun Edgard got so excited
when it started getting windy
he was like going crazy but I don't know
how much I managed to film because it
was so windy and the audio was just like
from another where that's funny
you enjoyed that yeah a nice little
festival fate thing as well my favorite
this time just Romanus to me more
Weber's name is that that dancing guy
gloves he was awesome the cutover
gonna sing so I know it's the one thing
about so it's gonna have some pasta now
and then I've got to head back to my
flat and do some editing of yesterday -
Vogon upload that and edit my new main
Channel video that went live last night
for you guys it was a video of Louis so
there's a link down below you can check
that out kind of realize that I haven't
vlogged and I never did leave Zoe's I
just edited here instead on Zoe's laptop
we've got to take away Indian takeaway
indium what is this is that she is on it
yes a cheese naan never seen that before
I've just got exactly the same yeah
that's literally an Indian cheese on
toast
just sitting here watching our favorite
selfie video okay say you guys she makes
the best videos
we're both subscribed to her they
subscribe to her
it's basically like all the English
youtubers in that the sweetest video
she's so awesome ahead to tell miss the
best I'll leave a link down below
remind me to leave a link tomorrow to
there I'll leave a link down below in
description you guys can check it out
was there Zoe tweet today
so you could have gone out to it to show
you today I commented on it
it's currently half past eleven and I
just got a text my friend Ollie and my
friend Shane you guys know J probably
not only as well and they're saying
they're playing poker around Ali's house
from another friend as well and they
wanted to go so Zoe and her mom have
both gone to bed and I thought you know
what if they're both sleeping I'm not
missing that really fun with them so I'm
gonna go to the poker so I just ordered
a taxi and I'm on my way to come me up
with those guys and win some money I'll
probably need some actually stuff I won
the decide in hand of whoever wins okay
this is up these are what their hand has
your hands down because it's all in time
oh my but you don't one over okay so
that one over and get that one right oh
man yeah I got a quick king that wins
Jack money have you got well I literally
feel nothing at my friend's house at all
all i knows that i lost both games of
poker that we played and that it's like
super he now saw past three guys from
gonna end the vlog here thanks so much
watching today if you don't like what
these tears if you enjoyed it please
give the video a thumbs up and I'll see
tomorrow
