good morning I am in the lift of doom at
Zoey's today just going back to mine now
this morning to go meet up with my dad
also I need to edit my daily vlog from
yesterday cuz I didn't do it last night
last night was so crazy guys and my dad
just bought me this and I want you lot
to name it oh it doesn't look very clear
there we go
what is it dad characters yeah what kind
a bush cactus no I think it is I want
you guys to name this something is
something cool like Geraldine is it a
girl or a boy
is it a female okay guys or you just
comment down below with a female name
for my cactus is it Julie it's kind of a
cactus it's a pathetic attempt a cactus
is more like a bush but we're gonna walk
the Julie know you've not taking it
that's my oh it's gone with you it's
call me Julie yes name it look at in the
middle of my table I'm like we're gonna
go flush now guys what you turn no you
don't get on it like that like what pop
up is you have to get on it over the
front try you have to put your foot over
the front first no not like that
hold this I'll show you like this
because this is smaller than that there
yeah there we go now what you're into
stop eat oh no that's not is bed here we
go I look at he's so cool again right
now skipped lunch
that's what's too slippery never been to
before got a latte
look at that this looks so healthy good
marks would be proud this is like some
little war cake which is like supposedly
healthy cake
oh don't
I didn't book coming all my boring
shopping trip
I am now in Sainsbury's getting a heck
load of ice sorry because oh he is
you'll see what she's doing basically
she's doing something for charity and
we're gonna do it my daily vlog so I'm
just flying
I've been how many to get like five
times all about raising money for
weddings or different charities across
the world remember governor we've done
ours your swings dude get the bucket
water the ice and des what whatever I'll
make your eyes cold Duff overhead
Charles Trippy that little bugger
challenged me to do the ice bucket
challenge to raise awareness smile this
is Gary's awareness for ALS so he got
challenged and he passed all the
challenge to me got to challenge three
of your friends and you have 24 hours to
do it and he said in his video if you
don't do it you're a bunch of pansies
and I was like I am NOT going to be a
pansy so I'm gonna do it she bought five
packs of ice build up this whole thing
we can take some of the ice out cuz that
would hurt it's cold no no oh is it
Isaac if I hit you on the head now
actually huh so we'll take those of the
ice out but keep the water just as cold
so I just wanna say there's a lot it's
not just to raise awareness for the
charities but when you do the challenge
you donate $100 and if the people I have
nominated don't donate they also donate
funds right they don't do the challenge
if they don't do a challenge then they
have to do it basically you're donating
well right so he's gonna nominate three
people after she does it if you don't do
it in 24 hours you still have to donate
but you've just been a pansy and you
haven't done the challenge exactly but
you don't need only known as a pansy fun
doing it you can do it
Zoey's right Harry start shopping some
new shorts we're gonna be on yeah we're
gonna leave this in one take to prove
that it's not fake let's get rid of some
of the ice
okay yeah my heart I swear my whole life
is hurt so much my keeping at this pain
I keep it this is it oh great yeah you
ready already
no Garrity just think about very good
colors with your help raising awareness
yeah okay yeah okay I a challenge I
wanted on brain freeze okay Italian
Jonathan
Ciccone Jolie Marcus Butler and who is
the other one
Miranda yes 24 hours guys
sure let's just found me this website
and they're selling pillows that a
life-sized sorry what do you think of
this
these pillows a life-sized pillows as
tall as me look of Emma Watson like each
side right now I can focus each side
inside different ones like this one here
is my favorite one
okay and on each side okay your favorite
cuz look at her there look at that
can I get that she yeah yeah what are
you gonna think if I get that pillow I
don't mind
okay so when we lay in bed why then when
we lay in bed we'll be in the middle of
us no you're going to stick your face in
it like just this one's and I bet this
is a risperidone and then you lay that
side I know I only got a minute ago I've
owned it
yeah there's a label on them yeah now
they're new jeans I just got them in
town and can I get that he really wants
you how much today that doesn't matter
much it doesn't matter how much it's
been in bed with Emma Watson everyone in
the converse is gonna hate
in bed in the life-sized milk of fellas
remember Watson on earth so it could be
anyone on it I'll only sleep with it my
bed when you're away you should see my
face no no your face on that I asked
commissioned the website black can you
do one of my girlfriends please pick Zoe
ones on there
imagine that besides pillows of us when
people define their bed no that's too
creepy that's two people Emma Emma
Watson that's not creepy that's really
really nice
I think she would enjoy it the fact that
I've got a full-size peel of her in my
bed I bet these guys are watching our
going to hate me they're gonna be like
that so rude to say to your girlfriend
Alfie that's so disrespectful Zoe
doesn't mind guys for any joking about
that I mean what we're not joking about
I do want one yeah I bet you a million
pounds you would not actually buy one
why you wouldn't I do add you online
what would you do if there's a Harry
Styles one would you get one oh well
then you're weird because I don't
actually love you don't now you're
making me look bad in front of all of
these people now you should've told me
you on I can learn I'm gonna buy
one and just hide out so we're now at my
parents house
we're just here for dinner haven't been
in ages but this is we thought we'd tell
you properly why Zoe did the ice body
tracking track hit it Zoe
I'm just donating now but the reason
that you do the ice bucket challenge is
because the ice makes your body feel
numb which is kind of replicates the
loss of voluntary movement which happens
in the progression of the disease of ALS
so that's the reason that people are
doing the ice bucket challenge and
obviously Zoe has nominated three people
but you can do yourselves even as though
she hasn't nominated you get involved
donate
also blow that live in down below in
this video you are to videos I leave a
link down below to the ALS website so
you guys can check more out but I want
you guys to get involved to help the
charity out and yeah it's just a really
fun cool thing to raise awareness
donated you donate it
damn this looks good
oh what's out there chicken
Parmesan bite your strap for me you
bring some snap this is your ma sorry
Wow where my shits in okay okay yeah
sort a vegetarian man beautifully this
is your input good as you guys know papi
is like a help free black Marcus yes you
are so let me see my let me see the
puddings that you've made us no I it's
not is this meant to fill me up this is
meant to kill me off as a full-blown
today no it's not yeah that is a snap
it's a good drop your nipple boom that's
my that's my payday I'll put on a
patreon I don't kiss it p.m. on this is
this a joke mom there to put in don't
don't eat it all at once
thank you it absolutely gorgeous so
didn't have another one that's so nice
yeah oh thanks dinero slime remember
move young wish to freeze yogurts and
then use a spoon skip out no not be
yogurt you know what they call movie
you're gay yeah Oh ding and then we just
scoop out the spoon so this is my
freedom thanks ok so I found a fanfic
whilst Alfie was out with his mum yeah I
was just that with Shawn I know I almost
died
it's not that long I'm not reading all
of it yeah not a storyteller no you
don't read out loud just read it in your
head you might read it out loud you
can't read it out loud you write in your
head if you're reading you know he's
passed day and Brighton Zaffis smart
we'll just smoke me you'll soon find out
carry on reading this you know not out
loud
you attacked out of his belt keep reduce
lead her skirt up and slid her panties
down
oh my can I say this for the world
no with his pants and boxers down you
can't read that out loud guys some of
you are really weird but really weird
really weird why why could then Zoey's
first time brighton right nice and nice
like going to the pier going shopping
together having it out when it's my
screw up with it
what does smut mean what you've just
found out soon
no I didn't my dad it's smut urban
dictionary yummy erotic fictional art
please don't write any more smart guys
that that scarred me scarred me for life
got body up in here
all right we're back as always now I
didn't really film too much of that
because I just wanted to enjoy some
family time and have dinner of them guys
but yeah today's been fun a lot of fun
Zoey did the ice bucket water thing
challenge which was cool did you enjoy
your challenge yeah all better now I
have brain freeze for a long time okay
so I'm gonna end up here thanks for
watching guys as usual let's try and get
more thumbs up in this video than the
previous one get the thumbs up the like
button down below comment I don't know
just comment a question I'll try to
answer loads of them and I'll see
tomorrow that guys also the reason why
Sean's here is because Sean and poppy
are staying over at Zoe's tonight and
we're going to have like a film Club
night and we're going to eat I bought
yesterday some Nando's cakes last night
flakes we're gonna have like nat goes
cake and films and stuff like that
anyways my guys and again we ending the
video guys because oh he's feeding the
little boys hey hey he's looking for
food we can give you some here we go see
here as well
good night guys
