Oh morning jumps just at Suri's making
some breakfast these go out date today
perfect time in I've got all of this
today got my healthy milk got some of
this sweet stuff I've quite log milk in
my cereal you guys won't even write
that's so weird right a lot finishing up
breakfast Louise now back from a video
so we've got all of this out where it is
Oh II still we are at an ocean let's say
what we did for filming Louise yeah
because this has gone up tomorrow and I
was going up on Sunday yeah okay so my
channel we are filming the annoying
challenge kind of thing boy Traverse
girl from my prank let's prank did I
yell I try not to annoy each other it's
basically one of us has to sit in the
chair
and the other one try to annoy each
other so there's the one of us will be
sitting in the jam the other one can do
whatever they want to annoy them and
they're not allowed to get annoyed kind
of like a patient the patient's yeah
anything you do even if you like poke
Louise in the face why is this broken
why is my shampoo broken mister did it
breaking my luggage oh that's not it I'm
gonna use it once that's my new and and
then on your channel what we don't know
is why we didn't try not to laugh yeah
not the time to live chance you feeling
off with water not gonna call it
challenge his might not notice in 2014
for the single challenge on my channel
oh really not to do a challenge that's
the challenge well you give me some
video on YouTube you this is a challenge
yeah mente and then in January the first
you can be like a completed rajala
video one down this is some of the mess
who cleared up most of it but Wow that
was that was testing and now about shoot
Louise's video Louise is off now by the
way
you know you just have one of those days
where you don't care what you look like
at all that is today I'm wearing the
best some like little jumper some tracky
bottoms and just some random shoes with
socks on so they're extra comfy I don't
normally wear my socks like this I just
ordered it's actually now it's lit
outside so I'm Russian doing this to go
meet zoning in town and we're gonna go
for lunch together or something like
that maybe do a little bit of shopping
why am i speaking like this as you're
watching this the pointless project is
out guys it is literally look I have got
it in my hands if you want to watch the
video of what I'm going to talk about
this properly in detail then I will
leave a link down below to that but oh
my literally cannot wait like imagine
walking into a store and seeing this my
little face on the back of a book that's
just freaking crazy guys have got a got
a book a freaking book and whoa ooh I
need you into this taxi he's gonna kill
me on this life everyone is kind of
touristy his Brunt pavilion that is a
house of one of the princes I can't
which printer that was his holiday house
over in Brighton so he's finished the
hair now and we'll just come to gbk I
know I tried to explain it a little bit
you still will I blown Street
yes the fringe was just very not yeah so
I changed mine I took it now we're now
just getting some lunch food survived
guys we got chips something man
healthier chips and dips and yeah that
good
garlic mare dip from gbk is like the
best chicken burger normal burger skinny
chips are awesome aren't they and so we
got some water boy dream did you get and
I went for a latte
Zoey also just let me know that still
got all that rubbish from Louise's video
my hair lipstick on my chin and what
else did you say lipstick your mind
sideburn yeah jeez Louise
it means you have to sit like this so
it's easier for someone other than our
be like can I say clicks you don't mind
yes but it's gonna be more difficult or
next the exact can that hold your leg
and stuff oh yeah Robin sitting on the
other side by my lonesome we're still
talking now that's delicious we're just
walking back now to the car and then I
keep on forgetting I've got a car now I
can't drive if I've got a car parked
outside my flat ya need to do that I
need to past my license
we just come back to the car now guys
look what we're listening to in the car
look good choice and uh Steve wait and
my lunch sure the name of them I am on I
yeah we're listening to gasoline now but
I've muted it so you guys can't hear him
yeah I've never heard it before you guys
have to go and order yourself it's not
out yet is it
so there's no when did it come out oh no
is that because it's you clean number
one at the moment oh my god yeah guys go
and buy this now go go go go go be boys
and got a big old house for you you
excited
oh my doubt jump down let me put that on
there huh is that nice is it where are
you going
hey there's my food downstairs for you
go downstairs come on good boy come on
that there is mmm yummy yummy guys I'm
live and I just released the pointless
books to everybody right now the chat is
going crazy these guys are going insane
this is so so freaking exciting oh my
god everybody notice about it now it is
literally out for pre-order oh good my
cell phone sex I completely forgot to
carry on vlogging today it's currently
half 10 1 Scott to Steve or
he's talking about uploading day no not
day once a week weekly videos man I'm so
excited for that I'm officially the
worst blogger in the entire world you
can call me that oh my god my flat I
haven't even gone into the that done
anything of a factor
anything have another chance I haven't
just unblocked anything basically since
the most exciting thing so far and
YouTube has happened just released my
book to all of you guys for pre-order it
has been trending number one worldwide
on Twitter and it still is since 7
o'clock and the time was currently
quarter to twelve all that time number
one worldwide
this is just insane there's been over
200,000 tweets about it tonight
I'm not sure actually about that now and
get a Nando's it's quarter to 12:00 at
night
closes at 12 o'clock got 15 minutes left
guys by ordered it online ordered it
from the app side so yeah just got back
to Zoey's now and we have got some
little drinking back some Nando's in bed
I even bought Nando's puddings which I
don't often get but got raps everything
healthy stuff and Cape obviously because
I wanted to celebrate all I just
realized that for my box this I don't
you see me I mean my boxes an exclusive
page that hasn't been seen in the page
okay okay that hasn't been seen in the
in the book release in the video that
we're not yesterday my favorite page you
know what it is don't you know yeah you
do I don't I haven't already showed it
in another video I already watched your
video my favorite pages this one draw
the hair on our face and then you have
to draw my hair yeah I know there's lots
of really nice sentimental things in
there I'm not gonna give too much away
and there's some really lovely things
you can do but I just think that one for
fun and also the amount of tweets you'll
get of people giving you new hairstyles
I can like see it I like the gentle ones
more what do you enjoy the genitals I
saw some comments like my mom would let
me do that you could just draw
yeah it doesn't have to be rude by the
way the reason Ron came in the camera so
fixated in years because if you move
your head then you'll be able to see me
in the mirror my boxes so I'm gonna have
to Pat Mike like this but yeah so that's
an exclusive page of the book guys I'm
going to end the vlog here because I
want to eat mine and I wasn't going to
sleep so today's been a crazy day
there's been so it's still trending
number one worldwide since 7:00 p.m.
over two hundred thousand tweets about
it you can check on Twitter how many
tweets in to do the hashtag over 200,000
so thank you so much guys keep tweeting
with hashtag the pointers book yeah I'm
so awake because I'm so excited
yeah I am so awake why that's good
you'll never awake at this time we can
have a party
Nando's partay yes obviously tomorrow
guys thanks so much or the spot today I
love you guys so much I leave a link
down below where you can pre-order my
book if you want to yeah I'll see you
tomorrow night
