hey guys now don't get me wrong I am
excited about this but I am so so
nervous to tell you what what has been
going on for the last like four or five
months now as you've seen on Twitter on
Facebook and Tumblr on Instagram on
everywhere my YouTube videos my daily
vlogs I've been talking about this thing
this so called pointless project and it
is finally it's finally time to tell you
guys what I've been doing so I've got
something here in my hands that I know
some of you sneaky little ones
the sneaky view that are like too good
at stalking your to get it stalking some
of you have found out about this but
like 99.9% if you don't of a clue what
I'm about to say so I've been working on
something behind the scenes for about
five or six months now right shut up
Alfie and just tell them what it is tell
them what you've been doing okay right
let me let me give it a little
introduction so something that I love to
do is to like straw memories whether
that's in video format this or whether
that's write something down or whether
that's to take a photo
I love storing like the history like
things that I've experienced so that I
can look back on them later so I thought
I want to create something for you guys
to look back on something that's going
to be fun something that's going to be
useful something that's just going to be
like awesome to have and you can all do
it together
I can do it and like not vlog in just
something else so I'm finally happy to
announce something guys and this is it
okay this here is called the pointless
book it is started by Alfie deyes I'm
finished by you basically what it is is
a diary slasher journal put together in
a book look it's like a proper book this
is all I can boss like Stan's owl it's
like the real thing guys this is a
physical pointlessblog book like I've
got my own but the pointless book this
is insane look at the back it's got
little pictures of me a blurb about it
okay I'll read you the blur brought to
you by YouTube blogger Alfie deyes the
pointless book is the ultimate addition
to a sue Tube channel a weird funny
video diary of fun challenges and
nothingness bake a cake in a mug take
part in a people-watching challenge
create a time capsule doe-eyes a week of
your life and learn to
origami fully Illustrated and packed
with a host of games activities pranks
Alfea advise you to join his online
following as he challenges you to
complete your journal pointlessness and
virtually nothing with pride
this is literally a book for you guys
made by me like I designed I literally
planned every single page in this book
myself and it is for sale how mad is
that this is like I've got another copy
over here this is like legit thing like
you're going to be able to walk into
shops and buy this it is right now for
pre-order on Amazon link is down below
if you want to go pre-order that would
be absolutely amazing I want to see how
high up the charts we can get we could
get like the author over the week or
some oh I don't even know you guys are
so awesome it's not too expensive its
$8.99 on here I think on Amazon if you
preorder it you get it for a couple of
pounds cheaper I think it's around like
six pounds something so that's literally
like the price of a Starbucks let me
show you what a couple of the pages are
going to be like so for example here
this is just a random page I don't want
you to fill out the book in order like
please when you buy the book don't stop
and page one and then gradually go
through the pages that's not the point
the point is that you just get the book
you're bored you open it to a random
page and you do what that page says and
you just fill it out gradually this is
like a journal of a year in your life or
a couple of months in your life and
you're gradually and slowly just fill it
out with your friends with strangers
with whoever you will see some of the
pages incorporate strangers incorporate
your friends incorporate you dig it up
but I don't want it I don't want to talk
too much I want to leave a lot of it as
a spice but for example this page these
pictures here I'll show you so this page
says dream journal last night I dreamt
and then you write in what you dreamt
and then you item what you think it
means just like a nice dream if you ever
wake up and you're like oh my god I want
to remember that ever you come to the
book and you can write it in and you
will have it stored forever like a
memory stored forever this page here
write a message for a friend and swap
pages of them so it has like a little
tear line here and you can write a
message for your friend and swap it of
their page in the book like another
video with with Joey the yoga video 5
yoga pose
to learn lesson Eureka poses to time of
your friends some more yoga poses like
this is legit from my youtube videos not
only is it just a book though guys
something even better than that has been
done so you see this little icon here
you download the pointless book app on
your iPhone or your Android or whatever
whenever you see a page with this logo
on it let me find one don't do the door
here this one is a good one Alfie's cake
in a mug recipe so this page it teaches
you how to make a cake in a mug because
it's got the new iphone when you
download the app you hold your phone so
I'm going to be excited here you hold
your phone with app over the page and it
starts playing on your screen the video
of me that's not anywhere on YouTube or
anything specifically for this book it
starts playing the video of me making a
cake in a mug like exclusive videos
inside the book they've also hidden
videos that like do don't use that
little symbol that you have to just find
yourself there's like challenges in
there or what this little one saying
where was that this run here so this one
says my favorite childhood memory is and
then the new logo so that means you have
to hold your phone over it and what I
want my favorite childhood memory wards
appears on the book in front of you but
on your phone how I wrote it in the
colors I used everything like literally
this book is just full of fun things to
do I'm so excited guys draw genitals on
the people below and then there's two
people and you just have to draw their
genitals like this book is just
pointless bit of fun and you can
literally buy it right now today you can
pre-order it there's a link down below I
don't know what else to say I've got a
book and you I got a book this is just
insane this is insane
I hope you guys are as excited as I am
what I think I'm going to do for this
video is this one here this is a spare
copy I've got my copy this is a spare
one I'm going to sign this book and give
it away to one of you guys who comment
down below on this video click the like
button and that kind of thing you guys
know what to do I'm just going to give
it to one of you random guys I'm going
to sign it and I'm going to send it to
you I've been working on this
so long and you guys can get it now now
please don't use the hashtag pointless
project anymore because I want to switch
it up I want you guys to be using
hashtag the point this book so if you're
watching this now please please please
head over to Twitter let me know what
you think of the book if you're excited
if you're going to order if you're not
excited whatever you want just let me
know and use the hashtag the pointless
book I'm going to be like replying and
following it everything for the next
like months if I see people use a
hashtag I'm gonna follow you I'm gonna
DM you I'm gonna tweet you I'm gonna hug
you I don't even know also I've been
getting loads and loads and loads of
loads of tweets about the pointless
project saying please guys please that
would be please say it's at all of
course it's at or I've got a book that
only means book tour I am doing a book
tour I am going to be going to like all
around the UK maybe even round like
Europe I don't even know if I do a show
horse or like a VidCon or someone like
that in America I'm gonna bring signed
copies of my book to American for you
guys to buy wherever I am so I'm going
to be doing a tour up all the way up the
UK I'm going to be doing hopefully going
to Scotland hopefully go to Ireland
maybe go to Wales I don't even know so
you guys let me know where you want me
to go on my book tour I want to meet all
of you on a sign all of your books I
want you guys to be getting a book and
just let me know what you think of it
like this is just insane guys this is
crazy
alright I'm getting too hot and excited
now I've told you what the point this
project is I hope you like it if you do
then please guys click that link at I
can't even speak please click that like
button down below you can go and
pre-order it let's smash the charts on
Amazon is weird when I'm speaking to
like book companies or like WH Smiths
and stores like that it's so hard to
talk to them because I've never written
a book before so it's really really hard
for Amazon to like put my book on there
on Amazon because they don't know if
anyone's going to buy it or not because
I'm not on board that let's prove Amazon
all those companies what we are guys
let's show them that the point is gang
is awesome right I'm going to go and
follow and DM and tweet and everything
loads of you that
using the hashtag the pointless book
thank you so much for wait look at my
hair I'm literally a mess right now ah
nice I did I just rambled this whole
video I'm sorry I hope you enjoyed it
guys to summarise I've got a book it's
like a journal and it's full of fun
amazing stuff you can pre-order it right
now link is down below
number two is I've gone app that comes
out of it with exclusive like videos
exclusive like drawings everything to do
with the book for me number three I'm
doing a book tour and I could be coming
and meeting you and sign in your book
and get pictures and hugs and all of
that stuff three things in one video my
god I feel like feel like a weight is
lifted off my shoulders and thank you so
much watching guys again please give the
video a thumbs up I love you guys so
much and hopefully I'll see you on my
book tour see you later guys
