good morning guys today we have some
little stalkers outside the hotel
they're literally straight they've all
just been waiting outside the hotel
because my room is like right by the
road so I can just hear them all
chatting and that's sing in and just
having a good time but they're all that
in the rain so I'm literally trying to
get ready as quick as I possibly can
there so as Marcus so that we can just
pack all our stuff and our hotels are
just like done because we have to leave
at like 3:00 p.m. today so again
everything ready as quick as we can and
then we're just going to get out and
hang out with you guys today right so
you've got loads of people outside so
I'm packing this bag full of sweets and
jokes we're gonna give it to them well
it's a good idea mine there's some
sweets to enjoy why we come in look how
cool our hotel is guys that is the
restaurant and there will be a breakfast
it's like in a church kind of thing okay
so we are now for all of our luggage and
stuff and we're check-in out we need to
say hello to those viewers outside and
then we aren't going to upload on daily
runs normally we would like take this
morning to upload our daily vlogs to
make sure that they're not for tonight
but we've told it morning that we're
gonna do a meet-up and they're so
excited on Twitter we don't know how
many people are gonna come and it's
going crazy so we kind of need to do
that in the video for last night's Pope
may have got a little bit late right so
you've got to the dom now guys we
haven't actually gone in we haven't even
gone in there marcus and so we're gonna
have our meetup literally here this is
the only bit of shelter
so we've just tweeted and snapchat do
the same where we are they're probably
gonna be like four people come but oh
well you excited yeah people are coming
guys it's looking like a zombie
apocalypse
we literally tweeted like five minutes
ago and there's already so many people
said yeah that meetup was absolutely
like roses so so much fun you guys
we're loving it like oh my god we've got
so many pictures look at all these
presents all of that all of this looks
really really yeah the thing is that we
find it so hard when we're traveling
guys to bring all of it back for you
tonight now we have a flight leaves in
three hours from now and we were so many
sweets and chocolates and drinks that we
can't take on the hair at Manx we're not
allowed to take them through but so we
just wanna eat as much as we can now and
read all the letters and see how we're
just tryna go through everything now
before the taxi comes yeah thank you so
much if you did come out it was crazy
you guys it seems like you all haven't
started on the tweets and the pictures
that we get now are just amazing so
thank you look at the amount of
chocolates and sweets you guys gave us
that is just insane I just want to say
thank you so much bit random but to the
German police for like standing next to
a meet-up the whole time making sure
that everyone's safe and everyone was
okay and like everyone was getting water
and things like that and police over
here was so friendly and like one girl
was like getting quite anxious at one
point to having like the panic attack
and we're like okay okay and they were
like looking after her and giving her
butters water and then I was like is she
okay does she need anything but she
needs to go anyway and he was like I
think what she needs as a picture like a
selfie and a hug and we're like not and
so my
like different because I was like wash
your face yeah good thank you so much
guys like all the presents the letters
somebody gave I don't even knows one of
us this headband thing that I've got on
my head it's just insanely reaction
we've got we've had so much fun it's big
thanks to Xbox UK for taking us out here
because we came over for games gone we
didn't come over to do meetups or to
meet you guys but it just happened that
loads of you live in Germany and you
wanted to meet us so that's really
really cool we've got like two hours now
so we have to get back on the plane to
go and our three hours to go back to the
UK which is a shame but what I want to
ask is where you want us to go next like
thumbs up each other's comments comment
down below wherever you want us to come
whether that's in the UK or Australia or
Africa or Ireland or anyway just let us
know in the comments and me Marcus while
you login me Marcus want to do more
traveling that maybe that once a month
or once every couple months something
something just for like a few days to
come and meet a load of you guys like
this again it's been a lot of fun the
people who come and say hello at the
airport is really nice of them we're
walking out now towards security there's
some more people and they have signs and
stuff for us
love you just bought some strawberries
to sandwiches and about the water cuz I
realize I haven't even had breakfast yet
and it's like hot passport and I haven't
even have read verses don't wanna be
still at the airport guys just finish
editing my new video here which went up
yesterday PA Marcus listen to some music
we got our things plugged into the wall
as we just charge with Scott player
and one of you guys gave me this so I'm
now gonna eat it a little chop net
watchin it's quite big for my snack
before my plane ride home back to the UK
it is our up guys we just gotta wait
than one wasn't lame he's dressed
literally the most panic ever trying to
get those two videos up but almost on
the right back I think they are up not
sure yes light your landmines them
they're like still load in
touchdown dupa dupa dupa dupa dupa to
you oh you seen that video you know the
woman singing at the bus stop
you have ruined dancing I mean at the
bus stop and she's been filmed I think
oh my god I'll link you later I was
obsessed with it and yeah we just
touched down in London UK so it's now
time to get our luggage jump in a cab go
yeah you're fine just operated asleep
I'm going to vomit
you guys never but Louise had a million
subscribers million perfume for Paco
Rabanne
I'm hit mine in December last year wait
for the perfume I'm gonna sleep now
thanks an awesome day whoo so for me and
so many of you in Germany like it's
absolutely Casey you guys are so there's
always problems out she's going to bed
night sorry Louise are still here of me
I I didn't let you go to bed I'm falling
off the sofa though so he was asleep on
the sofa so I said let's just both go to
bed
Louise is a little bit drunk literally
just had pizza and that's it thanks so
much for being so awesome in Germany me
mock took like the best time ever we
want to come to some other places what
is it Louise is rubbing her boobs you
are you're okay guys give this video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and now she
is pretending perfing got a bum
I say as yourself I correct but this is
like the longest ending I just wanted to
say good night and you weren't being
weird right thank science guys give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed that
let's see as usual we can get more than
yesterday and I will see you let's see
if we can get more than Louise's video
what she's gonna upload today
why okay if you're watching this you
have to go and comment on Louise's new
video shoe days you're dead you're
looking at the moment on you no no no
you're uploading daily vlogs at the
moment yeah quite often yeah go comment
on her video saying no alfie is the best
corner sent out fits best
I received more guys
