good hey we expect for breathless but I
didn't feel me because I wanted to
charge my battery I wanted to show you a
present that I got last night from one
of you guys it was a marketer's blog
that some of you may have seen there
somebody sent me a fishing rod with some
like fish and the Frog and stuff like
that to catch how cool is that because
it goes with my fishing how do I hold
that but that was the worst Joe salaz
wrong in my throat then that was the
worst yes go on
alright let's go to games con games home
games con game con games come on games
con this place is so big this size
there's a skate park in here
what the hell
guys who's excited by that there is
excited The Sims or look at this like ke
G's him so he has three screens and all
the whole thing took some moves
it's just insane lunchtime and I have
got two pieces of chicken little bread
roll sweet corn cheese and carrot salad
and busy water
they only do busy water why not plain
water it's like still aim of the day to
play sims for that is my aim what's a
Marcus played FIFA FIFA a sense for yeah
just step up to one of the pcs but don't
start playing here let me give you a
little introduction on the game
- it's the right
look what is guys remember Gemma back in
the day I don't even show on snapchat my
servant he brings me drink my years soup
left games gone that was absolutely
awesome that's so much fun now they
would play sims for a day or two is the
best like you guys so excited simcha my
gaming channel sorry just now in a cafe
with Vic here's what the biggest laptop
you've ever seen in your whole life
vodkas and I've got a latte and we're
just like saving videos uploading videos
and all of that jazz unusual look at
this don't even know the last time that
I blog but I'm just wore a stump hard
then I'm just getting ready to go out
for dinner we are all going then we've
got a table booked for 60 that Xbox trip
me marks out here and they're giving us
like the best service ever so Xbox you
gay you are the best thank you so much
for this trip yeah they're literally
just booked a table for 60 people in
somewhat steak restaurant and like loads
of the youtubers are going loads of the
Xbox people are go in and I think it's
gonna be good I'm really really looking
forward to a steak just uploaded my new
baby blog let's just go live it is cold
and didn't load load load load sexy
German hat shop pimp that would not
yesterday and I've got a challenge for
you today guys I want you to going
comment on it now saying hmm go and
comment on his saying chicken nugget
then I know that this blog has sent you
over there right I need to add you get
ready because I've meant to be there
like five minutes ago so I need to put
my shoes on get on my butt just walking
down some little cobble roads now trying
to find the restaurant
hi guys chips
salad over there
we left that by now and we're going into
another bar I don't know what it's
called Alfie Marcus great youtubers if
you like their content and you me
actually
Marcus come on Yemen is a massive room
there's like an extra room around here
it's massive we just go back to the
hotel no one really really hungry
what you saying I'm not should speak
amongst a number a sharp a young very
there you know yeah I'm so hungry we
asked the people down the reception if
there's anywhere that was so conversed
or any food at all but it is or it's
quarter past four let's just go to go
run escort passport in the morning so no
one that is open to sell food sure just
go back to Marcus's remember now before
you say but I'm not gonna drink in water
food having your friend was my
volleyball flavor yours
paprika night man okay nice right I'm in
my bed now
I've got to whisper book mrs. carne 5:00
a.m. I don't even know how it got this
late so if you enjoyed the video please
come to thumbs up yesterday's video is
doing crazy in like strike 35,000 or
something ridiculous so let's try and
see if we can get more thumbs up now
there's trying to aim for like I don't
even know you guys know forget just give
a thumbs up if you're enjoying it and I
will see you tomorrow with a brand new
video I think hopefully we're gonna have
a meet-up tomorrow some kind we're gonna
try and keep it safe but do meet up
anyways I'll see you tomorrow
