good morning chumps okay good afternoon
I'm just a taxi now offered Marcus to go
and get some breakfast slash lunch
because we woke up quite late later than
what we thought yeah and Marcus has been
researching some super healthy place
because I'm healthy I'm just at the
moment exporting a video this is
yesterday's video just while I'm in the
car
hopefully today we're going to have
someone of internet so you have to
actually upload because yesterday was
kind of a fail just got out of the taxi
and it is beautiful wow it's windy
we just got here now and it literally
looks like a like it's a little record
shop oh yeah look at the size of that
salad and I've got a massive latte to
wake me up you jumped
this looks good this is tofu is known
there well guys we are now in a taxi on
the way to exports to go play the games
early I am so excited what am I even in
focus
yeah I think I'm I'm so excited like
beyond excited to play Halo there
remastering like revamp ian halo 2 and
not all of them but halo 2 was like my
life when I was younger so getting to
play this early it's ready xbox event
this game here is called sunset
overdrive is coming out soon and oh my
god I'm so excited
well introduces agent black plays a key
role in halo 5 Guardians I'm literally
about to prove myself guys like I can't
describe what halo used to be to me I
won't play for like six hours a day for
like five years like oh my god just
match those guys down one on Halo of
course
Marcus is playing Cod
so a batplane halo got these two on my
team we've got Marcus now playing a game
called Ori which is opening ten over
absolutely sick eyes look at this it's
basically like a little I don't know how
to describe it well this little thing
here
oh it's quite overexposed you're this
guy and you have to like find end
Butch's moment like a tree that we're
trying to find do you like it
we've left the game an event and we
walked out onto this like really quiet
road somehow we're here now which is
literally like church or square inviting
it's so busy
we're trying to find a taxi this is
literally like the dog that I want guys
look how sweet it is
come to hmm to try and get an umbrella
but they don't sell them because it's
really loads I think we're gonna have to
get some hats
yeah like that yeah like this yeah man
that way that's the one that one is he
suits you turn round turn to the side
that suits you man so this is a thing
got a lampshade on my head
for it to stop the rain boy to stop the
rain it's not even raining anymore
great now actually like an idiot a
Marcus was to prevent the rain Marcus
Potter bandana no you should have worn
it like I wear mine when you wrap it
over your hold there's only four the the
hair search the head situation is just
like flopping about in the wind we're
still trying to find this tack so you
extract is like 10 or 15-minute walk
down this road guys look at this picture
that joke with me and Jenny that was in
Wembley in London and now meeting you
here
that's so crazy guys look what Deena's
god that's so awesome I love it
look where we are look at it it's so big
oh man
okay right we're trying to rush to get
to a taxi we just punctured into a load
of lovely viewers look at that though
back of Marcus's now - not my fishing
hat guys this is my fishing hat you
breaking my phone I smash it we are
really really hungry and we just been
editing now for a while you're getting
stuff done that we need to do hey I'm in
a mirror y'all yeah and the other guys
are just going for drinks tonight but
because we've done quite a lot last
night we don't really want to guys are
you an ad efficient lad hashtag fishing
lad we're gonna go and try and find you
at restaurant look at this floor guys oh
it's raining loads oh my god the floors
cold on my feet yeah we're gonna go and
try and find some food we really gonna
just wander out yeah and not know Marcus
is really particular about what the
restaurants think it's that because he's
really healthy so mine what you doing
alright fishing lad you literally look
like a fish can we not just find several
online and then get a taxi - that's
right - ok guys how about this if you
guys live in Cologne
and you know somewhere healthy please
comment down below the name of the
restaurant and then we can just get
there that tomorrow night than I after
to go and eat because then we know
somewhere we just got changed up and
we're wearing better a tire for the
weather what you chosen where are we
going to eat
we on to an Asian cuisine yes it is
offered also of the Boothbay in charcoal
from what you've seen online from what I
discovered and quiet quiet over the
interweb he's tried to inquire about who
know yes but unfortunately went straight
to voicemail
I heard you may be tried pigeon I did
try pigeon and actually sent a what was
the back in the olden days when somebody
you sent a telegram I guess when you
Telegraph a peasant did you send a
peasant as well I said the world of I'm
so hopefully it should be okay okay so
yeah let's go out of the taxi and we are
here at Mungo's mongos which looks quite
nice actually
okay so in this restaurant guys you get
given this and then you put a bowl in
there and then this is our table number
or whatever you want right all the way
along there's different foods then they
cook it and bring it to your table is
that right
no why guys there's a right angle
I can't go the fact that there's emperor
guys the hell so now we just leave our
bows here walk back to our table and
they're gonna bring it over and cooked
guys look at that yeah yeah yeah yeah
hot is it good
yeah I'm so hungry I can't even describe
if you live in cat oh what a saint can I
know I can
geez cologne I guess I guess oh my what
is wrong with me you should go to this
place here like that was insane
ly tasty we're back at Marcus's room and
we're just chilling out and having some
laptop time I've got a couple of videos
to edit what you're gonna do look
wonderful you can don't camera won't
reach you after stretch any milk no or
any almond milk comes out of his nipples
yeah so we're just gonna head and chill
and hang out now so doesn't have already
else to film today so I'm gonna end the
block here if you enjoyed the day as
usual make sure to give it a thumbs up I
always try and get you guys to be
yesterday's man alike so let's see if we
can do all that means that each time
that means like you'd be getting like
300 thousand nights in the video yeah
yeah you guys can get me three hundred
thousand dollars in the video all right
guys let's do a challenge no that's not
do it as a joke
not as a joke let's see if we can
honestly get like forty thousand likes
normally we get like thirty I don't even
know if you if there's forty thousand
people watching - at the end of the
video anyways yeah I will see you
tomorrow good night I know I ended the
vlog but I try to give you a little
treat what mere marks have been watching
some failed videos or YouTube like
people falling over and stuff I though
it could be harsh to laugh at but
they're funny I literally cried I cried
what's this one
we've all done it though oh my god right
night guys
and as you guys still haven't ended the
blog because I just realized that some
girls at the airport gave us presents
and someone open EADS Marcus I don't
know I said like shared or ones for one
or you take whatever for me they're both
for you right then we need oh my finger
or you're strong you at there what what
do you want what do you want
I'm pretty sure the same thing okay
clean so much better than this
is mine Oh
37 glitter tattoos look at way I got
fishing rod yes yes yes I got a fishing
rod guys okay tomorrow I'm gonna go
fishing with my hat on my hats in my
room and we're Moxa's at the moment so I
don't have it
yes you've got some glitter tattoos
couch after you let's get you a sleeve
like you obviously got them as a joke
and there but I actually like ones that
just finish it off guys thought I'd show
you my tattoo says I'm cool
Marx's tattoo says he is focus crazy
yeah okay serious now night guys
