it's 4:40 in the morning guys I am
literally so tired because I stayed up
filming new videos for you until 10 past
3:00 last night so I've been asleep for
literally an hour and a half last night
just packed all my stuff earlier on or
my bag got my t-shirt my jump and I've
had an itch I can't even speak straight
good morning ish what I'm going to try
as soon as I get into the taxi going to
Heathrow booked journeys like an hour
and a half or something I'm going to try
and sleep straight away just been
texting Marcus and he said I want to
sleep so bad so the aim is to just sleep
as much as I can until we get to Cologne
and then me as many of yous with
can yo
was it is bright this is so much fun
face
so quiet so there's no one here
we're through customs that took so long
that queue that was joking about and
look at that literally took like how
long do they take an hour just standing
there at like 6:00 in the morning after
an hour and 10 minutes sleep when I'm 20
minutes late but Sunday also imagine
meeting some guy for my xbox or
something like that we don't know what
he looks like
all we know is his name's Dominic so I
just fell asleep here just side of this
chair for like I don't know like an hour
and the whole time I didn't realize
marks just thrown popcorn at my face and
filming it so that's what is snapchat
his daily vlog if you ever see that so
we are on the way to the gate it finally
came up now I'm a little bit more away
yes run the way to the gate now finally
get the plane still not making sense for
us awake I'm not yeah but I want to be
operative snowboarding ladies and
gentlemen I worked on for two week and
he asked you to stow heavy hunk luggage
Jesus didn't eat the options button once
the also a guesstimate not one shopping
so I didn't deserve so much
who
yeah stop
the quickest right
that light
I was wicked and getting the train to
London well here we go here we go oh no
finally got it people have come out to
see us
laughing sad
we're currently doing some pictures in
summer bro how's your day been so far
it's raised yeah it's been good it's
really good man
yeah this is sold in a bitches polite
pop now now and it's still loads of
people
thanks guys
my love you all
guys look at that church thing and the
you guys open it go nuts in the comments
that I don't know the name of it but
look at that look at the oil in these
films like that's weird
whoo that was literally crazy that was
so good like I thought there's gonna be
like 10 or 12 people there we were
waiting and we're like nah probably 150
200 people yeah only I'm saying over 200
people because some people that went and
came a new people came and somebody's
I'm the only boy and then a temanite
Immunization there's like six other boys
that was awesome so thanks so much we
came out that was so much fun
we now just come back to the hotel we're
just going to mark this hotel room and
it is super nice but we thought it was
going to be really small but look how
nice it is it's like really cool yeah
it's so cool it's like the bar from
northern shower and then the bedroom and
now we are going to go off oh that's a
weird little sculpture you've got there
now we all love your hair line we're
gonna go and go and get some food
I found a random little ladder let's see
what what oh I was up here I'm in one
hand
oh there's woman looking at me this is
the thing I love walking about other
countries mainly European countries to
have this they just have like a massive
landmarks
yeah now you're literally one minute
walking down a tiny little cobbled Road
no the next minute we're going on a
massive church walk good before I can't
even say it now Cathedral Wow look at
that ahead of us Marcus yeah I know
that's sick look at that guy's look at
that just in the middle of nowhere my
sister loves you
of course yeah let's do it how you doing
you good our food has arrived look how
good that looks it's Turkey and not
chicken we didn't think about being in
another country means that we can't read
the menu or get blinded means that we
in the menus so took us about 15 minutes
to work out what was on the menu and
what all I even tried to FaceTime a
friend of mine the speaks German but it
didn't work the time was kind of just
gone for lunchtime to dinnertime
it is currently half past eight and I've
already messed up the entire room like
this room is literally messed like all
of that and the others have all gone for
dinner
hey I like vlogging in mirrors the
others have all gone for dinner by to
stay back because I hadn't had a chance
to edit and update my daily vlog for
today so I'm currently editing that and
it is 18%
oh you can't really see it though gasps
it is 18% done and it is taken a just
cuz I normally do it my big computer
which is like super fast and wizzy but
this laptop isn't as fast um what was I
gonna say what was I going to say what
was I gonna say oh yeah a game I don't
even know who he is because you might
not watch his videos you may watch
videos it's got crazy man subscribes
like 5 million or something ridiculous
he's just been messaging me saying that
there's a little cafe around the corner
just up the road that has superfast
internet and he's given me the Wi-Fi
login because it's currently closed but
hopefully I'll be able to see outside of
my laptop and just connect to it that
means I will if it works be able to get
my daily vlogs and everything up quickly
the others are all going for dinner I'm
kind of jazzy in a pet sandwich that I
bought earlier and that is it I'm
missing out on dinner they're also
having drinks Marcus just we descend
guys I'm having my first German beer and
I'm like oh I'm stuck back here editing
while they were having dinner and drinks
and stuff they're all having a nice time
I think what it is only fair is if I go
in here open this and have this that is
what I think it's only fair this
probably just cost me like 10 million
euros
oh that's really nice I'm going to carry
on edges and everything and then we may
have to go for a walk together to try
and find Internet are you ready for this
guys imagine if I get my beard like this
just like a chin strap oh my god that
looks like the most ridiculous thing
ever okay let's get it all off and it is
all gone I'm a baby face again look how
much hair came off guys
that is literally disgusting I'm wearing
the company is closed possible now let's
go get some Wi-Fi I didn't really think
this through I don't know if it alone is
safe or not I'm just walking around my
laptop in my hands trying to search for
Wi-Fi I hope I don't get mugged
also guys I kind of took the case off it
a minute ago so if it rains it's also
getting at ruined this isn't going to
look off on this Internet place I'm
currently standing in the middle of
nowhere with my laptop my iPhone and my
camera I don't even know if this area is
safe I'm risking everything to try and
get this video up for you please just be
fast internet please it's the first cafe
that I could get actual connection to
the Internet wave
after all that guys I couldn't even
connect to the internet or it connected
and I tried to upload but I was there
for like 10 or 15 minutes and it
wouldn't even do 1 percent so oh this we
just got so late oh that's nice one
thousand two hundred and fifty nine
minutes
are you serious that is literally like
20 hours or something oh come on this is
why when you go say Alfie where's your
video why's it likewise late oh my god
and I know a lot of you are just excited
I know I say that I'll try and do
certain time every day 7 p.m. every day
but occasionally at times like this it
is late and I just can't do anything
about that I'm afraid and hopefully if
you're watching this video from now on
you'll understand that often if a video
is late it's out of our control we're
trying our best I let you draw crown'd
cologne that didn't feel too safe I got
a lot of weird looks just holding my
laptop and my camera and my iPhone
literally thought I was going to get
mugged at 20 times but now it says it's
going to say 20 hours to upload yay as
the Internet is literally the slowest
thing in the entire earth I could
probably run from here back to my house
and brighten quicker it's saying 3,600
minutes which is like two and a half
days or something ridiculous I kind of
had to just cancel it and I'm just
closing my laptop because there's not
much I can do and I'm going to have to
try and find somewhere tomorrow upload
it so that there's two videos going for
once basically if this one is up now
then I just put up another one more or
less at the same time so please go and
check that out guys it's basically like
bloopers and outtakes video of miners
OHS main channel video that we did I am
now a little bit dressed just got some
clothes on like this and got myself
another beer
because I just ordered a taxi I'm going
to go and meet markers and all the Xbox
guys who out at the moment
for some drinks and maybe hopefully I
want to get some food so let's go do
that well
destructive attacks in town met him can
I get a I dunno what the image we know
Donna sandwich and on combat robot
Donatello
what's that we've done a teller with
fries and salad you are going to Anika
what is that it's like good alright can
I get a Donatella with fries and salad
yeah thank you
yes look at that guy's Marcus had some
chips earlier like some man we said
about that yes both having achieved a
look every day which guys not that guys
back me up in the comments
mio am I not being super healthy I'm me
healthy calm way for the nice proper
drinks in Germany we got some Yeager's
dropping them in yeah
how many can you govern yawns and I'm
happening to you - I'm not doing it yeah
no right many go on I'm go friendship is
embarrassing
so we've had a good few drinks each also
got that come back oh it's just good
food in there look at Marcus look at him
look at him - oh why not
we can't - it knows all your did you see
me rolling literally what the hell is
going on
yeah yeah yeah I'm on the track rebei
I'm going to go up
look at the size in this point compared
to my hand three pints of beer in one
can manly we are guys this is literally
it's like bigger than Zoe that drink
your drink it is bigger than Zoe because
his trombone
is down there this is the game alright
guys I'm gonna end up Dave okay now
we're now back at mine yo say good night
man you're blurry it's a good night
good night guys above you we've been
eating some Capri Suns and Toblerone
like chocolate from you guys that Mouse
at the airport right give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it let's try
and get more thumbs up as usual than
yesterday's video and I will see you
what we can do tomorrow I'll be playing
with the games early yeah we're going to
go hang out at Xbox and play all the
games early so I will see then bye
