good morning Missy good morning today is
my 24th birthday how the heck on my 24
good morning good morning hope you're
having a lovely look at me I look like
an absolute egg but I don't even care
cause it's my birthday I'm hanging out
my little doggy if you saw yesterday's
vlog or you know me well you will know
that I don't like attention on me like I
don't like when people sing happy
laughter to me
I don't like opening presents in front
of the people that bought me those
presents because the pressure of liking
is too much I can't handle it so this
morning we got up actually we didn't get
up we stayed in bed so he made me
breakfast in bed and had a coffee and
I've been chilling with my little doggy
and we've been what and we just been
watching some Netflix and just chilling
yeah early guys it's really really early
so it's left me in the bedroom and
closed all the doors and said that I'm
not allowed out the room while she
prepares what gets my presence I don't
know ever that means that she hasn't
wrapped them she has she spent ages
wrapping them yesterday that's a little
weather check see what was saying for
today oh nice it's still so early so
it's quite foggy but it looks like such
a lovely day super fresh
I'm just waiting now so he had warned me
that I need to go outside for one of my
presence I have no idea what it could be
I need to go outside why is it warm
you've been sleep over like this just
that I couldn't find that like oh my
gosh go to where your gin is near so
you've done a treasure hug if you want
you cover none treasure hunt read your
read your clue yeah go to where your gin
is near yeah this is like Christmas
there was more to the Cleary guy he just
wrote the end matific oh really
sorry and now I have that thing don't I
Southie I can't believe the day is here
go to where your gin is me okay
I did read it I just read the embassy I
read with a rest so got to go to where
the gin isn't here
I'm so excited I'm excited
Eliza open ullas come in where is she
Oh blue my neck there's three oh my gosh
these are literally my favorite when you
go to a good hotel or a good bar and you
order a gin and tonic
they serve it in one of these and you
guys know how much it's so fun
that's so sick now called balloon
glasses are they yeah balloon genes
Ross's you know like there's a real deal
that someone comes over the house now
and I say Georgia tonic and I serve in
this they're gonna be like a little chin
card they can refurbish in here is where
the hunt will begin although this may be
the size of a mouse you're a mouse the
size for a mouse you'll find it at the
very top of the house let's go the very
top the highest point you can tobey's
cupboard
all right by where Toby lives
nah that's gonna be like he's joking
guys it's 8 a.m. what are you doing
let's go to bed oh my gosh is literally
right at the top and it's hanging out
with Toby's Teddy so now with a clue
make sense even though it's the size for
a mouse because you can't ride it yet
we've only just begun let's head down to
where the washing is done let's go
you're trying to burn off my holiday
well I did think it would be good to go
up and down then it'll wake you up oh I
was just there a little bit did you know
as he goes oh actually need to put this
downstairs in the cellar
good Jersey you're not blind
whoa luminaire see that I actually
couldn't see that ah this is coal
history supreme yeah sake I've never
seen this before
thank you okay
clean number what is it cleaning before
number four before now that you've found
the present number three have a look
underneath the autumn tree
rockets that you hate where's the autumn
tree Elfie a bloody tree it's because
we're using the radiators for the first
time no crash no crash ha no pressure no
pressure individual bags it's my boy
it's my sneaky I think I different kind
of backs as well they're sick do you
like them yeah thank you
that's okay you're almost done there's
just one more going open the garage door
pepperoni shoes why don't you put your
slippers on nobody's on okay hey you
bought me a ladder oh yeah
a screwdriver we love 8 a.m. it's not 8
am anymore Worcester on camera like this
is like weird already bought me a hoodie
which I love like I really wanted the
today yeah you found me but I sort of
lied this isn't the last president you
had to find this one is only small so
don't go wild where would he jump and
jump to be the ultimate child my morning
backless oh my gosh which Emma needs
with spider webs all over at my last
present should take you inside yeah
let's take a sight mom and dad popping
sure they've just arrived with presents
and buzzy boy now these are the snakey
boys snakey boys oh my gosh I love the
blue yeah guys we're all meant to be
eaten healthy take away last night oh my
gosh thank you is this from you - my
Alfie enough buzz are you ready guys
well wait don't don't fall for it dad
you need to put a bucket underneath the
amount of times that I've seen amount
times that I've seen people put their
things in without a bucket
yeah no only holds 100 each
since it's my birthday I've dragged
everyone to do activities that I know
that they would never ever come and do
if it wasn't my birthday wait what Zoey
got Zoey's got a driver and a 7-iron I
believe and I've got this one here is
for pop me got a sand wedge for poppy
it's gonna come back up with a baller
are you ready and you can choose the
height of the tee yeah where are you
going oh it's right over there
look your mum is in the biggest one he's
in the biggest one
don't embarrassed
I don't here we go dad as soon as I get
the camera you guys start hitting them
pop you missed six shots in a row a
minute note was it 60 yes so eh that was
good Oh
we're proper trying to hit targets now
time to head off did you enjoy that
fools eyes no I hit three Nets yeah what
about you mom hit like seven I think too
many we just ordered some camembert
calamari these guys are trying to be
healthy after the holiday mum said could
I have the letter C bit instead of the
calamari that is teasing everybody I
feel bad
best Sunday roast has arrived oh my gosh
cauliflower cheese as well salmon salad
over here dad got the fishmongers board
I just said to Mum Oh your toy looks a
little bit flat look at it literally
then if you can see that in which I
focus look at this
it's going actual nail like a screw we
kind of just realized that the place in
which we just got the puncture was like
the flat tire was there's probably in my
gym because obviously that's really the
building what's happening and the tire
was fine not showing any pressure
signals at all prior to them arriving at
our house and then when we got in the
car our house to drive to the golf
course and the pub mums - what popped up
saying little bit of a flat tire in the
back left and we're like oh it's only a
tiny bit it'll be fine for this journey
and then now it's like you're baptized
bloody flat so we're currently at the
place filling it up right now pop - on
my own driveway that's great mum's gonna
have to get a new tire put on tomorrow
we'll just fill it up man now were there
so he just got home now I'm beyond full
up I didn't show you the presents
earlier these guys all got me poppy and
shortin got me this which is a new
necklace look how nice that is
and they also got with these balloons
here 20 Bowl and mum and dad got me
this is like typical Alfea and archery
like says it's like a professional
a savage bowl here and then also a
massive target outside which is made out
of is it like straw or hay or something
like that
he thinks he's Legolas all right on my
belt I'm ready to go this is how serious
it is guys this is the string he's very
efficient bow and arrow
it looks so legit oh we didn't even hit
the target he sent that one to Australia
down under mate from got it in the plan
yeah yeah that's going way back he
thinks is good he's gonna hit if you put
a hole in my tent dad oh you love hittin
that hammer it's gonna have holes in
Zoe's hammer hit the hammer
twice oh I sure Lenny has two arrows
well you get you get three next time
bow and arrows over for tonight boy 1
Shawn 1 smashed it I figured it out I
think he thinks he thinking about it and
think see what and then I came second
and dad came lost oh my god I need to
make a wish oh my gosh I mean yes thank
you I think we'll make that our chicken
all reds and we won every time just
going to bed I'm all tucked up in beds
we're about to watch some more episodes
of the confessions tapes the confession
tapes sorry which is on Netflix but it
just leaves me so like on edge yeah I
don't know though because writing looks
lovely it's only episode what we've only
watch episode 1 & 2 and there wasn't I
don't want to ruin anything but there
wasn't I mean there was an answer but it
purposely left you question in the
answer basically the confessions tapes
this is true crime documentary series
investigates cases where people
convicted of murder claim their
confessions were coerced involuntary or
false so this is like real life crime
scenes of murder cases where people have
confessed to do in the crimes
say and then they say they were told
they had to confess and like make it our
boy it wasn't true or they lied and they
didn't actually do it but they told it
when they didn't and they regret it it's
really really intense because it's it's
a real life like these are real people's
lives who are like seven time in jail
and stuff and obviously not just like a
couple of years in jail we're talking
like life sent in anyways don't put it
down on the blog a birthday blog a very
very it's been such a bloody good day
just nice to hang out of all the family
do some fun activities which I love
doing grab some good food chill with the
dogs open lovely presents from everybody
have a relaxing start to the day
yeah it was so nice was it like your
perfect day like actually was it was so
good did you think I was good at golf or
not I think if we went a couple more
times you could get good I think the
thing that's hard with golf I just I'm
not very good with my pipe postured
rivers just technique yeah a lot of it
is technique and practice and I used to
play I played for like two or three
years when I was young I'm not saying
I'm any good I'm really really not good
like me you know the general like yeah
like I have to hold it I can play ok how
to stand but to be good at golf is like
you have to commit your life you have to
commit all your spare time like it made
me realize how much of a skill is in it
it's easy to fly the ball make it look
like a good shot and you be up wait it
doesn't mean the deuce accurate doesn't
really know so much so anyways that's
such a good time that's such a good day
and now we're just in bed so many nice
present now honestly wasn't one person
that I wasn't even didn't like a little
bit yeah you liked Oh everybody single
one every peasant very very lucky today
even you let go yeah you just didn't
manage to do it yeah we were gonna do it
today yeah
and it's eight minutes past nine yeah
but I was awake quite early do you tell
them this morning when I was a working
girl but you were like I don't want you
to get up look at my shirt what does it
say hashtag absolute now oh my god does
that love Island - yeah
I said sorry one request today this
morning which was when she wakes up
earlier than me she's not allowed to get
out of bed and she just has to cut on me
which I did and that's what you did do
today for an hour and a half and then I
was like okay now I wake up I'm going
with no nothing on the TV wasn't
listening to any podcast nothing a
birthday present
yeah right early doesn't the day go so
much like longer life now all of the
tops of the shutters open can you see
mm-hmm so our windows are shutters split
into two like all the way around so I
purposely left all the top ones open so
that in the morning when the Sun comes
up it wakes me up no I wake you up
when I wake up super dark then you wake
me up right I'm gonna end of log I hope
you enjoyed it if you did if you enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up subscribe
between already terminated casings on to
all of the good stuff leave some lovely
comments and tomorrow's vlog site
in tomorrow's an exciting vlog isn't it
yeah very very good day coming tomorrow
I'm blooming 24 years old I don't
believe in 24 actually I do maybe be in
24,000 I've actually do I was 24 when we
went to Santorini in that photo moment
and I was 24 in in that picture on there
I bet you were 24 when we filmed that
video 2014 when we filmed the video were
both 18 2014 doing yeah big tits 2014
Zoe and turned good hair no no I have to
say your hair has been on point for the
last like six months really has let me
know if this British guy flat
occasionally neater we stepped up our
game right anyways I look like a toe in
the corner of yours shut up come back
well I see in the morning guys
goodnight
