another day another blog good morning
guys my hair is like I don't even want
to think about it
just making some shredded wheat these
ones are like super big like get two of
them in there then I'm going to put some
strawberries in batteries and of course
this milk again as usual please say they
went out a date yesterday
no - three days ago but they look really
nice so I'm just going to eat them but I
don't really see how a strawberry can be
out of date from eating as long as they
still look good like to me that looks
just about as good as a strawberry can
get so why would I not just eat that I
don't know we've got a little issue here
because these were out of date yesterday
if we look it's just 8 but I can clearly
see that that one looks like a freaking
hairy hairball there that looks perfect
okay we haven't got an issue anymore
just just with one of them whilst I'm
making my breakfast
look look who's on the TV
I know go back I wanted to I wanted to
pick his nose watch news on screen is on
Sunday brunches it is on Sunday brunch
and not just look not just on for like
one minute or like a 2 minute interview
by hour and a hard life and this is our
like mainstream look so like one of our
most popular
this is like your dad's favorite program
I gots favorite TV program all I say no
because I thought really people do
keeping a set but that sound like a
Disney but that's it okay what should I
do okay can I do that make bubbles yeah
marks and Troy always listened to flume
the talk by himself I thought I would
give him a chance and listen to him we
are off to so it starts it really
weirdly what is your wrist here we off
to where we can testify
yeah to go and buy some stuff because
we've decided out of it we excited that
we're going to film two videos together
today so when you're watching this
they're already both up so go check them
out Macau what kind of died so I
couldn't do any more feelings about
disease on Zoe's channel we are filming
go we are going to do who knows each
other best and if you get it wrong you
know the best if you get it wrong you
get a thing of cream to the face we
bought six whipped creams and we got
some like a plate tear and stuff got
some 1d ones got some more plates over
there I thought you know what more on
different colors each time so we get
filled on meals on the minister√≠s
through the water so we're gonna get one
of these feel plateful like a little a
little and then get to snap the other
one in the face with it if they have a
song but I think I know is very pretty
well sigh alright no one gets the clue
to face everywhere which foot of mine is
half the size bigger than the other one
I don't actually know that was only when
I was a sick sick uncle measured once
yeah this here is a picture by picture
oppositely by Darcy age three
ah sure hair think so he's about to tell
me off guys what have I done
Alfie always buys sweet potatoes and as
you may have seen in a previous blog we
found some sweet potatoes that had
started morphing into creatures I was
opening a straw look forgot I bought
those awesome weather you can't eat that
now I only makes the poisonous I saw in
my comments it's coming out of the pack
right keikain I don't want though oh no
no more oh my god wait for these runs in
the bin then we're gonna look at zombies
oh the bins bowl I'll place them on the
floor let me see yours no Zoey you know
where are you going where are you going
Zoey's are like ten times us come on Oh
Zoey huh there's a spider in there ha
oh my sausages are cooking and I haven't
put them in the right way my life guys
if one of you want to come over and help
help me cook my lunches Oh
why are they burning Oh apparently you
need big holes in sausages someone told
me this on YouTube in the commandment
was supposed to give outfit I know and
rely them this way so it's easy to but
to do that oh my goodness me ah crap can
you help the camera how not to cook
sausages with Alfie deyes these girls
and boys do not cook sausages like this
ah I mean oh right now put them along we
that's it that's it okay not because now
you can twist things how you need your
holes in them well yeah because if you
want the fat to drain out not too many
though because they spit up and then you
couldn't make a fire in your grill next
on windows and in turn them over
right okay those bad boys back here done
yeah making sausages without thee all
these my tunnel hmm 12-minute 14 15
minutes
Oh making bridge without feet Oh what
bread is this see my line this is my
healthy rye bread bar for rye bread it's
quite such these really shop why doesn't
only not that so I want to cut it this
way like you know when you're going to
rest when you get really long piece of
toast like this yeah so I want to try to
cook it this one it's not a good idea I
don't think it's gonna work
maybe they'd have a taller loaf of bread
the lunch is served guys have got free
pieces of little rye bread toasted some
baked beans and some sausages which I
don't know still hot enough sausages are
cooked or not because it's said 12 to 15
minutes I had them on for 10 and they
looked like that so I just took them out
I think I'll be alright
thought I'll show you the setup we've
got all tripped over on a show why is
this facing the wrong way okay we're
gonna be sitting down here we've got one
light you hear one led you here lighter
mighty oh this is oh heas bum and that's
it that's the that's the exciting septum
did it what side am I sit on this side
of the other side right it is tight
without stop filming so cue the bloopers
might get one too here we go now yeah
but look being sick it's a good job
we're using my brother blindfold any
pigs bra
yes hahaha
who won laughs Balu is quite funny okay
so basically what happens is it's a
little bit like the what's in my mouth
challenge but you're blindfolded so um
fits in your mouth but nothing is going
in mouth no what I do is check from your
lipstick also guys I'm wearing toys
match I love it means I've got them the
other day this is the aftermath of
Zoey's video you haven't seen any
bloopers for those video but oh my gosh
sorry look at me ha
that is also up right now go check it
out links in the description oh my god
this was like the messiest thing ever I
need to make it in this running off I
need to go get in the shower like right
now I'd let you just in my boxers and
I'm freezing and I stink but that was
good that was a fun video right guys I
know I haven't really logged too much
this evening but I've literally just
been stuck edit in this video what means
oh he just filmed the one that you just
saw all evening it's called a quarter to
ten
I've now we literally haven't had a
chance to cook because those been
editing as Ross we didn't cook anything
so you just ordered a Indian takeaway
which I'm super excited to eat
oh man I'm tired I've got to go back now
and film because I'm going to Germany
when you're watching this I'm already in
Germany me Marcus were in clone so if
you live there last no we're going to do
like a meetup or something just watch
our Twitter's but what's gonna say yeah
so I've got film another gaming video to
put up whilst I'm there and over on the
Nintendo guys YouTube channel so
yeah I'm going to end the vlog here now
because I need to eat my dinner go back
to my flat filming up edit and upload
that video then don't go dong dong dong
pack for Cologne and then I have to
leave the tonight
like super early in the morning at like
5 o'clock I'm getting picked up in a car
so it's going to be a long night for me
so I'm going to end it here so that I
can just relax as much as I can in
between filming editing packing all of
that so thanks for watching today guys I
hope you did enjoy this more like a
behind the scenes II bloopers kind of
video don't know I just took a deep
breath okay I will see you tomorrow oh
I'm going to Germany tomorrow that's
going to be a good blog bite
