god I'm so awake guys I hate it's
currently two minutes to nine it is not
even 9 o'clock
let alone 10 o'clock which is no that's
a large probably normally wake up and I
can ever look like I am rushing off so
I'm just gonna grab a but do everything
one-handed when I vlog so it looks like
I probably struggle to do everyday life
things like get a banana but it's
because I'm noon in one hand I'm off
this morning now I've got a meeting at
10 o'clock which is like half an hour
away from my house so I'm gonna get the
train now so I just ordered a taxi to
get to the train station where are my
cars Hey here you are
I got a taxi sent me to the train
station oh that's what I was going to
tell you the fact that I don't have time
for a proper breakfast so I'm just gonna
have a banana and then probably get some
that healthy food from the train station
so I'm still being healthy you know even
yesterday when we went for lunch with
like Anna and Jonathan than that yes I
did have a dark chocolate pudding for
dessert pudding but it was dark
chocolate and I had an amazing starter
and main course I'm really healthy so
also loads of you guys have asked me to
show you how to use this and how to use
this so I think if I've got enough fruit
let me check
don't do the dog I'm gonna need to buy
some juice maybe I'll buy some orange
apple juice or something to put with
that and I've got all of this stuff in
here right act by Barry green powder all
of that good stuff so I will try I need
to remembers to hope there's my taxi
guys to hair in my eye
what is my life today I will try to show
you how they work later because that was
the top comment on yesterday's video I
do read all my comments but if I forget
remind me tomorrow and I'll show you so
I finished up all my meetings for today
and I'm back in Brighton now
we were mom and dad and my sister
Poppy's here say hi mom and dad
I like the biggest effort to do anything
they're just so slow we just ordered a
Nando's when they said it'd be 15
minutes to this ready cuz we're gonna
take away so they're like what do we do
for 15 minutes where are we going right
mum just go shopping
see you later we'll see in 15 minutes
I've got some in the city tomorrow so Oh
so buddy
whoa and it hit me face my camber so I'm
gonna go and buy some new clothes
forever because I want to be fresh and I
also want to get you guys from told me
on Twitter to play The Last of Us
remastered so I'm gonna buy that as well
from Pierce boy I'm back at my flat now
guys and I have wait let me cut this
music off I got myself Wow these bags
are screwed up take away Nando's I got
loads oh no Lisa Park a fear for my
falling out I also got myself two new
t-shirts from Urban Outfitters so that I
can wear some nice fresh new clothes
tomorrow summer in the city one else by
done I'm about to right now but I
haven't started it yet edit a new day
vlog which is one that went up yesterday
for you but ending up like that now then
I am going to much as I fell off my
chair now
now be cool have it on camera anyways I
see so much crap when I film I'll be
constant to let God subject I am go when
I forgot to buy orange juice and I went
into Marks and Spencers I could have
bought orange shoes to make some
smoothies
maybe I'll just make them with no juice
just pure pure fruit
yeah fruit has a lot of water in it that
will be vine get two of those two
bananas let me turn on these little
lights here and we're gonna try this
machine out somebody said to me what is
the name of it I want to buy it I want
it now to dry out and I'm like whoa hold
up guys in the comments don't try and
buy it yeah well think about
yeah because I haven't even driving
myself there might not be any good I
wanna oh my god have I got enough
slippery's jeez get some grapes up in
there as well I'm not gonna put and she
shall put some of these in yeah but some
of them in as well
what were they were not a date yesterday
that's fine I don't have a look any like
juice or anything to put in it I think
hopefully by having like Kiwis and
grapes and stuff that would just install
these now just produce like enough juice
to not have to put milk and milk well I
would have been milking it for orange
juice in drought let's see right opening
it up I've never broken it you never
tried this before
alright I think this is what you do is
snap with banana drop it in there duck
the up and on in there another one Oh
put that in we'll get some grapes oh
these are nice and cold that will be
good if I'd some ice in there there we
go right let's open this and we'll put
some bits of mango in there just throw
in a few of these we'll try and tip some
of these in or I'm not going to fit Kiwi
in oh they're going everywhere that will
do
keyway I'm going to top it off and put
it in a sack and stall because I'm gonna
put it in a sec because I need to chop
up the going Beth well I couldn't fit
any Kiwis in so we're just gonna have to
go with just this but I've got loads of
strawberries in there oh I'm gonna let
me put you down there we go okay this is
what it looks like we've got banana
grapes mango pom-pom er how our grammar
and strawberries yeah yeah
yeah moment of truth let's tether off
that looks so good
I've only change up the lid I'm gonna
put this one on then literally guys I
switched the lids all I need to clean
out is this and this isn't sponsored
everyone's gonna be like Alfie was
obviously paid by the company that sent
him this I don't even know what the
company's grip village or Breville I
don't even know what the company is guys
a lot sponsored by there I just saw it
the other day now sir I think you
probably even saw me buy it I was in
after the blog with my sister and here's
the finalized lunch we've gone avocado
and green bean salad some lemon have
chicken to go on there
this is sweeter to mash corn on the cob
double chicken wrap with halloumi and a
super healthy smoothie yes guys I'm
still managing to be healthy and eat at
the right time although is 20 parts -
that's not too late that's a good lunch
time I'm so proud of myself is that
weird
I don't know I'm proud of myself I don't
care that's weird
I don't even remember the last time I
was vlogging on this camera
I've just been filming new videos all
evenings last day
it is currently 854 in the evening and I
have one more gaming video to film and
two more videos to edit I said more
actually haven't edited
any so far I have any in my salad yet I
get my chicken wrap drank all my drink
all gone that was super yummy what else
I got to do I don't know get some sleep
cuz I've got to be picked up - my
warning I've got a car picking me up at
what time some ridiculously early like 7
o'clock in the morning there were
different when I last blog I mean Holly
now in a car park chooses to remain
wholly on our way
well that's my hair I knew I left is
some I know it's like dirt on the bottom
we're going to attempt to go bowling we
don't know if it's open approaches
currently Park was ten but it's a Friday
so I mean it should be oh oh you've got
cones
I've got shorts on
but we're gonna have to run literally
just got soaped oh my god my brand-new
t-shirt is like wet as hell now look at
9:26 the last one
their names are hate dog and dik-dik for
me wait you're going first you can't use
this we've gone for the things down
right there's no barriers so it can fall
off the side right my first bowl guys
come on Holly
oh my god I thought I was gonna get my
leg what happened the footage is gone
stride what I got another strike guys
paulie's are
Oh
yeah
I wish you'd fall over backwards as you
play guys we get these tickets here any
go some tickets for you the final scores
are 108 for me think about you're quite
good and now we're going to go to the
arcade guys look at this waterfall so
pretty really nice water feature in the
car okay guys so just got back to my
flat now I popped in to anthropology and
got some food and I also bought Zoey
some flowers but I've kind of put them
in my sink because I don't have in bars
myself so I'll get those to her at some
point tomorrow you probably need to
remind me to be honest because I'm going
to forget yeah I've got to wake up like
seven o'clock in the morning like super
early
super super early for me maybe even
getting caught by 7:00 in the morning I
comment back anyways I'm going up to
some of the city a YouTube event
tomorrow in London to meet 12,000 of you
guys and yeah so I'm going to quickly
edit this video I need to edit the rest
of X so in the edited half earlier it's
currently half 12:00 at night and then
catch some sleep so thanks watching
today's video guys if you enjoyed it
then give it a thumbs up one of those
guys again as always let's see if we can
get more thumbs up on this video then
yesterday's video that's the challenge
for you and yeah I'll see you tomorrow
bye
