good morning guys we are just having we
meaning me and Zoe having breakfast in
Sussex slice nice little cafe place
Louie would love it here it's like
really rustic is that good word to
describe them Zoe's been to the dentist
anything over my face but like a tug
drink without your straw gone distinct
without your straw to shove a bet yeah
she is super super brave went to the
dentist and weirdly your tooth is only
small little bear ah you didn't maybe
probably be exactly yeah here's I'm just
gonna put some numbing cream on you okay
and this is much like a thing is the
injection really quickly hop it no they
put it in really quick and then they
leave it in there for like two minutes
and they Danish the thing out so slowly
he was like Audrey story is quite toe
curling or
like I'm in some tight home and that
okay see my kidding yeah the hygiene is
as well yeah this was the way then like
normally people don't like the dentist
watches only get fillings and hygiene
this her teeth like clean no sir I won
now on that I woke up you can probably
tell a massive lump from where head yeah
but spot her so bad but it's like don't
even know and a lump here so big if you
boy laughing that's me everything if you
could feel it guys
oh my god my whole mouth and the inside
is like numb I'm just two filets even
children no seriously
all of that is right you should have
asked them really gently yeah so it
doesn't hurt for us smile nothing guys
look how good my breakfast is got some
raisins
look at those berries and maple syrup
and look at the porridge still being
healthy guys so we can't eat yet because
I'm out this show uh we're now back at
Zoe's flat and it is only fair because
all these look good here we go
because me and Zoe just have breakfast
it is time to feed the boys hello I
think they're ready are you ready to eat
I a tell me
hey buzz he's still in good eat your
breakfast there we go oh he's taking it
back he's taking it back gone Pippin go
on yes
don't let her eat it go on Pippin gone
ah they're sharing now I'm now back to
my flat and I've been trying to find my
iPad for about half an hour now and I
don't know where it is I think I may
have left it on the plane on the way
back from Greece and I'm going to really
really get to do my half because I just
stopped might my camera and my tripod
and stuff like that in the other room to
film some gaming videos for you on my
iPad I wanted to play some like top
little apps on the iPad for videos but I
literally can't find my iPad anywhere
and I know I was playing with it with my
dad on the plane and I don't think I
checked you know the little bit in front
of you like the little pocket where they
have like the safety card and stuff like
that I don't think I checked there when
I left the plane I think oh I think I've
left my iPad on the plane there it is I
hope it's a Zoey's or something or my
parents house third outfit change of the
day and there is nothing nicer than
putting brand new socks on they've never
been worn before or is that just me also
guys Zoey found my iPad
yeah hope someone's watching me dance in
my kitchen not even in my kitchen
why have I gone so weird
yeah sorry family pad at her flat just
leaving my flat now guys
banana check healthy food check
guys Jack and we can eat these that one
looks good I use it oh they call me they
call me Louie Cole Louie that was
actually quite nice why three each I'm
an M Barrie's oh yeah your turn you have
to eat these red berries now on there I
didn't really explain the jump in time
I'm now in lunch and ciccone Jolie's are
over
and when stammer house which is like my
favorite place to eat ever and marks
know me and Jim Tony came here the other
day actually and yeah we're just getting
some lunch together they pop down in the
car cuz they need it like half an hour
40 minutes away so we'll have a lunch
together
so yeah we gotta feel having a food
amazing weight is it's ruining if it is
that yummy amazing I look up from now a
fresh fish in my sandwich
guys look at this I'm trying to be
healthy it said it was dark chocolate
which is dark choc yes so means it's
healthy and it's got everything else bad
no that's white chocolate I think no
it's not I think it is yes white
chocolate your cigars great boys it
passion fruit tree a horse - panna cotta
don't touch it
that looks like you know those so penny
sweets they're like milky those like
Rick you know okie buns nah they're like
Kathy no maybe they're not they're not
penny sweets no and look yeah it looks
like this yours looks the most
impressive oh yes bananas bother them
Ohana's looks good should we just eat it
yeah this is no hey oh my god hide it
hide it
oh I've got audios you're gonna have to
go in order another one yeah but it done
oh look in here please don't make me I'm
gonna shit on it back no I'm like oh my
god
bringing her over it was the last one
yeah he said like they're bringing the
cheese border gone
that's ex-ac we're closing down I'm not
seriously they brought everything and
they were like they dropped it we like
this so quick yeah it wasn't funny
though cause it was the last one
I know but ever the dogs were going bad
well no no no it's fine they can wait
five minutes get another one you said it
like it what that was it I'm sorry oh
she wants some way nice Amelia Amelia
sweet Elsie phone home right I have
added my flat now guys and I'm going to
film small gaming videos then I'm going
to edit those gaming videos then I'm
gonna go to bed because I've got a
meeting tomorrow at 10 o'clock in the
morning in Worthing which is like 20
minutes away so I've got to meet my dad
at the train station at 9:50 Tina that
is really early for me I also might and
I don't know realistically no but I
might be going clubbing tonight because
one of my friends Holly yeah she's been
in the main Channel video mind loads of
the vlogs
Holly she M is going back to Canterbury
where she goes to University Saturday
morning so I won't get to see her until
like Christmas time so she's out put up
in tonight she's trying to make me go
out and meet her and some other friends
maybe I'll go out and see them so yeah
I'm net in the book here and get as much
gaming videos done
I can I'm really in the mood to film so
thanks about watching the blog guys if
you enjoyed it as usual give it a thumbs
up give it to one of those one of those
one of those let's see if we can be as
many thumbs up on this video more than
yesterday let's try let's do this guy's
Wow I'm hyper yeah Oh see tomorrow
goodbye
