good morning good morning hey I just
received this in the post this morning
which you may be thinking what the hell
is that Elfie
it's a weird little battery it's the
battery for this camera that I'm using
right now because yesterday actually
swung today though my battery ran out
three times I draw two as always and I
only have one of mine so now I have two
of my own so won't run out okay right I
did something yesterday then we could
eat all the rubbish just throw it on the
floor there we go I did something
yesterday last night that you saw I
bought food for my fridge I mean I
bought a little bit I bought some
chocolate milkshakes and some milk some
healthier milk some eggs Sam
strawberries mango all that fruity Oh
some chicken as well and stuff like that
I've got some little bits of fruit over
here and I'm gonna make myself some
breakfast because I never really make
breakfast in the mornings and when I was
on holiday I ate breakfast every single
morning like we had that thing is it
good like half board
no it wasn't half ball I don't know we
have breakfast included no other meals
but a half board I think is represent
inner but we just had breakfast included
so every single day I would go down to
the restaurant with my parents boyfriend
and Zoey and we'd go and have breakfast
all together so I want to get real into
the like whole breakfast thing I bought
this yesterday I've got this one here
this one splits like I don't know if
I've shown you this surely I've shown
you this this one splits like the good
stuff comes out of here and then all the
bad stuff you're not going to eat comes
out there like you can put our whole
apples and stuff in the top and then it
splits it on and it makes up awesome
juices and smoothies but this one here
it doesn't split it it just must use it
all up so if I know that there's a
hundred feeling good things I would've
put a whole Apple in there because I
don't want to eat like the core the
middle of the Apple I know you can but I
don't want to and but I can put stuff
like grapes or strawberries or mango
instead of that in this one and I know
that I'm just going to like keep all the
stuff because it's all good and your
hand rambling on this morning I'm gonna
make myself sound Weetabix
I'm going to put it in here then I am
gonna put some banana on top of it some
strawberries and some of that stuff
pomegranate seeds that's the one and I'm
gonna make it with this one or this one
I'm not too sure that one says that
you're only meant to have two Weetabix
with the breakfast in the morning is
that normal guy I normally have four so
I've tried to make a compromise today
and I put three in there and the
masterpiece is done I've got a lot of
milk in there and then it's because
weight of X if you've had them before
you'll know just soaks up milk right
none tomorrow so I put loads of milk in
there and I went for let me show you or
it for this one which I just tried and
it's actually really nice but really
nice and apparently it's like super
healthy as you can see that is like the
reminiscence of being away mess
everywhere don't judge me
just got into town now on and by off to
get my hair cut I think I'm gonna go
bald
no jacket no jaqen I'm just gonna get
like a slight trim and I'm gonna keep it
long on the top but I'm like 10 minutes
early for once that's rare for me
just having a little walk around town so
just finish getting my haircut I kept it
all along on the top just a little bit
messy and choppy and then I got it
shorter on the sides and back Tony grow
out my hair at the moment so it's a
little bit longer but I will see how it
goes
it is currently four minutes to twelve
which means it is lunchtime I'm properly
trying to stick now I'm back from Greece
because I thought that put me like a
good routine of getting up early each a
minute I don't if you can hear me
anymore basically I'm gonna go get some
lunch now look out how with the ambien
guys sweet potato mash corn on the cob
one chicken breast - and some cheeky
their knowledge to the side just go back
to mine now and it is time to try out
the new hair I've bought some new
product in here let me see where it is
what is it oh the lids fallen off that's
good that's a good start is now where is
that there it is here I bought some
styling fiber men turning guy I don't
know might not be good might be good
though I just try a little tiny part so
nothing to waste smells really good Oh
drop the lid again I have got to go now
I need to get trained in 25 minutes from
bison station and I'm off to London
today I've got meetings from 3 o'clock
to four o'clock then I'm having dinner
with somebody which is also a meeting so
let's go up also guys shout out to ps4
Sony just randomly sent me this today
they sent me shadow for Killzone and
infamous second son and is it nack I
denied to pronounce that that one looks
good to me
this one looks like it's going to be
awesome and a freaking ps4 I don't even
know why so he just sent me I didn't
even know it was coming and he said
there's a little letter words the letter
gone I don't know where the letter is it
just said from Sony
here you go kind of thing my like hi
happy is a ps4 for you look at that look
at it what I've always been a xbox360 /
Xbox one man always now I may be a ps4
man thank you so much just going to
London now find a Philistine from the
training for half an hour so coffee
Starbucks I just finished up one of my
meetings now and I am just making sure
that this video is 100% which was
yesterday's daily vlog it is 20 to 6 in
the evening so I'm just watching it
through now and then I'm going to put it
like that 7 we're just going into Jamie
Oliver's restaurant now called 15 never
been here before
is it good yeah
guys look how good this looks what even
is that thank you
thank you thank you guys this is chicken
and butter you got chicken on your sweet
corn stone azurite
that's an odd shape donor
so just jumped in a taxi to meet up with
Jamal Edward Tommy to be in at BBC Radio
which I don't have a clue where it is I
just put in on to Google BBC right all
battle hit by van and another car
I put into Kapoor and another got
footage Google BBC radio headquarters
and that's all I know so far and I'm in
the middle of literally nowhere so I
don't know I don't know if you can see
in this camera but here there is a
massive light going up into the sky and
I'm not 100% sure but the other day they
had a light that was showing up into the
sky when I was on the plane on the way
back from Rhodes and it was my pink
don't go mad at me if I'm wrong but I
think it was to remember World War 1 or
like to congratulate those like the
world will wine and everything like that
and I think this is here the same light
so cool it's sold right I honestly don't
have a clue where I am
I'm lost
just walk past Aquatic Design Center
guys in here I don't if you can see them
let me try and zoom in zoom zoom zoom
look at these tiny little tortoises or
turtles in there I want one
they are so cute they're literally just
swimming around in there and they're
like it's big
I want a pet turtle tortoise whatever we
can swim in water under them today on
point as a block out today today we have
Becky we've got a third of the splurge I
don't know who this guy is
who's that guy I don't know he was
overtaken oh it's a pointless
conversation - trying to take over
pointlessblog everyone
so just put a Brighton station now guys
that is the longest train journey ever
you stopped everywhere boss boss where
is currently quarter past 1:00 I'm going
to end the vlog here so I enjoyed today
sorry there was like mismatch because in
the meetings given how much we enjoyed
it I will see you tomorrow just what you
wanted to add there you're awesome
thanks so much sneeze my puppy
