guess who's back back back back again
again again
Alfie's back tell your friends um I had
such a nice holiday guys like me my
sister my sister's boyfriend Zoey my mom
and my dad I went to roads in Greece and
where the best time ever like it was so
nice to have a little break from the
internet and that's not in an offensive
way and it was just really nice not to
like be constantly stuck in my laptop or
editing on my camera and all that stuff
although I have actually missed daily
vlogging a lot like it was weird doing
really cool things like the place where
we stayed was amazing it was amazing
whether we were sunbathing all day and
it was strange like receiving a meal
this sounds weird for like receiving
like a really nice like looking meal at
a restaurant and not being like guys
look at my meal I don't know it was
weird not blogging I'm not used to it
already and yeah so I'm back at my flat
now in Brighton I am off to town now
with my sister and Zoe because my
sister's iPhone fell off the table when
we were bored when we're on holiday and
smashed on the floor so we've got to UM
get her eye fixed I've also got a couple
of little bits to take back to some
shops I bought what did i buy
I bought those two t-shirts do you
remember in the digital Oaks let me show
you
I bought that teacher and that t-shirt
from Urban Outfitters and they didn't
fit me they were like super tight and
then I wore these trousers to the
premiere from Topman set from the button
broke that's not because I bought them
the wrong size the woman
fitted me in that size it was just
because they were obviously made badly
so I'm off to town now
and trying my best to be healthy guys I
think it's working
got myself an iced latte my sister a
nice American and Zooey and Fred berry
ice something there something this is
what Bobby's phone looks like guys Zoe
accidentally knocked off the table aspyn
yeah that's the thing that I phones like
I throw mine about for the time and it
was like 10 inches these the drinks I
got what paying today the things I'm not
making funny faces
haha look how big this case is guys that
they got me to carry my drinks in grey
we're looking for a 3d film to buy and I
found my girlfriend Emma Watson and let
me know in the comments the sharpest
packets she doesn't approve of mine in
emotions relationship
yeah let me know in the comments if
there's any 3d Hills I should buy I've
got a 3d TV but I've like no DVDs
they're 3d we found the 3d section guys
there's a lot more than what we thought
like what is that we had seen that no oh
why don't we get that guys like a
workout deep unless married in a workout
DVD I thought is a really cool workout
dude
1d film I think I've already got that
although I haven't got it in three days
yeah hey so I do a whole video oh my god
boys seriously my H&B more videos Bobby
but my movie we have got silent hell 3d
already seen it already got it but not
interested I don't wanted to see it lego
movie 3d never seen it everyone says it
looks good I wanna finish it yeah this
one gets me the great guy you can see
The Times book never seen any family
it's really good and lastly poppy this
is on you
apparently this is good yeah it's great
3d I think that one's going to my favor
now we get some lunch
hey ho ho what are you picking my I can
actually at the menu yet what you gonna
fall Bloody Mary you have a Bloody Mary
yeah good give some it healthy juice
enough already had lunch I could she
bought myself C kill'uh 5 yeah when we
went football watching Charlotte Alice
smoked salmon salad
that's the one I reckon ish this crispy
pancetta then that coffee is hit me
yeah you don't say well that's why he
was so hyped on holidays yeah all those
iced coffee ha ha
it's like giving a kid joy my sugar nice
you know I look so healthy hey watch
that fruit on the top finished up lunch
and we're now how's flap chopping stuff
she's looking for bits I just like with
these cool weird little thing so what
even oh my god
sleeping papi come and feel this it's so
cool it's so heavy
Shawn and I just get some new odd shapes
in the shop they put them fans you spray
it on the fan and then you have to
interface it's such a better idea
you look like you in like a spa
pretty much I'm again what no I'm
getting these for oh it's actually two
and then you got two holders two colors
yeah and then Shawn's getting loads
wrong so just got back to Zoey's now and
I'm flicking through my Twitter and so
many of you look at it a tweet and me
saying you're voting for me for a teen
award there Zoey got one as well so
basically if you want to be awesome I
got nominated and Zoey as well for a
teen award so I will leave a link down
below for you and y'all think you can
vote can you vote every day something
like that
I already told you though as much about
yeah I don't know much about it but you
can vote for me it's my video of ariana
grande yeah so go and vote for me and
Zoey there's my bet and their Zoey's
been dating hey when does Gary
may now figure have a little practice
run of the try not to make each other
laugh challenge with water in each
other's mouths Alfie currently has a
little smile don't spit that out
anywhere okay ready
why are you laughing already
we must meet we don't complete you are
weird you are laughing so yes oh that's
really hard now it's like a weirdo my
video you have to it loads in no such an
you can't
why did you lick the bottle when Zoey
drinks she goes ah - what is she doing
in case you need to out go make a
lie oh god ah what are we doing on go
Cara yeah yeah be the audio part of your
lips you gotta cover it in your mouth
and brought that guy I don't have to
read almost I'm right next ESA if I need
no you guys spit it on that's on puppy's
laptop you have to get the water in
front of your cheek short and then top
so easy thing I can tell
Smee smash puppy or you don't smack the
head on the door
oh goodness my girl okay so one night
means are we were laying in bed also I
should probably clear up that's the
weirdest didn't happen in the last clip
you saw but is over laying in bed and
she started singing I'd do anything for
you
your boobs about to come out oh you mean
everything to me
would you climb a hill anything you've
already maxed out it was a junker Dale
anything that's the actual lyrics we
were things everything I can change them
up yeah would you do what poo anything
lick my shoe
anything everything anything oh yeah my
boys one of our toenail there was
something about a toe now my toenail at
you yeah okay guys anyways we're gonna
go and get some dinner now because
because we've been away my family house
and Zoey's flat and my flat all have
zero food in them so we're gonna go for
dinner we've driven to the marina this
is great on the motoring now my hair's
crazy today I'm getting it cut tomorrow
literally can't wait oh my leg hurts
where's my leg hurting we don't know
where we're going to go for dinner yet
we just thought we'd walk along here
guys when I was younger for my 11th
birthday as I was saying guys my
cameraman about two sides change over
that boat I rented out from my leopard
birthday 270 pounds
for me and like 20 friends but it was so
bloomin windy and like walking buggers
like this that we had to go back in
after like half an hour it's dangerous
yeah yeah yeah that looks good Joey your
pizza is that three times the size of
mine that's not fair
try to be healthy guys Marcus will be
proud of me
got some broccoli we're now in a stir
doing some shopping try and get some
food and stock up on like milk and stuff
and I spotted some chocolate milkshakes
these are good I'm gonna grab a load of
these you're getting good smell property
you know this is what it is my sister
and Marcus drink this stuff so it's
super healthy do you like it for
chocolate milkshake guys my camera's got
no charge it keeps on dying me look what
I found guys who kept me son I want it
all please no I'll get hit with frickin
sausage I want all of them
my cameraman I tried three times during
that meal and in ASDA by Moses snacks
we've got low so chocolate why are these
guys sloppy
Zoe is about to die she's laughing so
hard and we're about to watch the lego
movie in 3d which you can't see yet we
just bought it today there we go
okay guys I'm gonna end the vlog there
why are they laughing so much look at
them my god okay guys thanks watch if
you enjoyed it give it thumbs up what
are you doing for each other squeeze up
we got grammar are you trying to fart
alright I'll see you tomorrow guys bye
yes I give it thumbs up this moring nice
Marcus does your nose glare yeah I think
it does what'd you do haha
