so then you start today's vlog guys
basically I've got to rush off right now
because I've got a driving lesson and we
just had a photo shoot with the
independent magazine I'll feed you in a
minute so this is what's happened
Alfie's given up vlogging and Marcus has
given up vlogging so this means I'm
going to take over the wrong and they me
you've got to take over this is like
where is it oh here it is
can't even look at him let's see if we
can get more thumbs up on this video
then Marcus can get on his video today
it's a race I like this clock I like
this mirror I really like actually
really do like Marcus and Iommi sofa I
think it's amazing fine well look at you
come on we're going for lunch then early
normal I don't know nice huh
yeah this is um oh come on
oh yes no you were waiting for oh we've
got a six idea why don't the girls go
and Gus London bring it back as a
surprise surprise right we don't know
what they're going to get us preferably
some chicken nuggets cents
oh come on come on journey all right you
guys got me lunch
I ordered some bikini bottoms from a
sauce it listen to me wait presents last
night obviously it's already look
thought about be doing with my brother
oi I haven't got my night band on guys
the one day I need the house no do
something vaguely actually happen I may
be absent
yeah be on a trolley thing let's go
check my distance to drive long time so
Jim bein late with me let me thank show
you how it's done
let me say no I try and say no which I
prefer this one down but it's funny some
of them do this is our yesterday why are
you happy
yeah we'll be minutes to get on was the
blog you make I don't man yeah Tom or
then your arms for that what you do you
have to keep your you're like Tracy if
you don't pull your leg yeah I did it
sorry
come on oh you're gonna like break put
your hands on this okay are you gonna
push out towards you can yeah good good
you just look at this like okay 10 month
are you kidding me this is a lot come on
dog - woman yeah cuz let you go saying
that doesn't matter
ah oh my god you know they people to do
that glowing washer it's with the nah I
want to get it no they people that have
that glass ball and they're like Jenny
looks like it's flowy to me name you do
it you want to do the one I'm doing when
he like hands out like that no there's
everyone oh this block is gonna be the
longest blog ever come here put your mat
like this so basically it's like hey
this logs gonna be really long guys I
hope so so those insane - you're pushing
on and I am it efficient down okay okay
yeah you bono me works out she's just
going to throw you got be really strong
guys at least I said 30 more seconds
down I'm going to count a seven
Josh I push are sorry a augs baby two
one why what's your mom doing Zoi thank
you
we click six five four three three one
guys you do not know weird is stuck
right and push the backs of your hands
to the doors as much as I can to do it
30 seconds oh yeah it's always time to
have seven six seven now three someone's
got one lychee come on in strip the way
out and you have to try that oh my god
if you move your hands like that as well
go back down then that's the myself yeah
I live to your kamon 100 99 98 to 100 no
I got it
move your hands up and down attack how
good is nice way that's relaxing you can
sleep there
soon they could have written down what
the natural yeah you stars right we got
it out yeah like a little scarecrow guys
check out how small marks is candalas ha
ha
Zoe right you ready to Marx's new condo
yeah oh good has arrived what's this
that's like some weird pizza there isn't
a pizza when it came up over so it's
bizarro your pieces on either side
what's the play that's a sigh what is it
and you're gonna eat all of that as your
side and I'm not famous and is that
yours as well I got some calamari this
is my favorite you can have a saloons
yeah that's how I ought to eat all in
one go come on yeah how happy of your
salad
Mariana of it never looks so good
we don't know why wait is just what this
open for us for no reason
looks good we can corner Marcus does
your nose glare yeah I think it does
yours oh yeah
do you know what we're doing well no ha
ha ha she'll break your thumbs up oh you
don't know hear the tumbler yeah this is
one what's the point episode laughing is
the guy like there's no flicking on our
teeth and nothing doesn't know yeah good
bye guys all four looks like those are
my oh my god oh yeah ah ha I'll be alone
yeah yeah yeah all right I need to pause
this there we go and I'm a bad film and
you mention a video let me go and show
you because I didn't get a chance to do
it last night
hey so I got my sofa here I'm just gonna
film against this I got one light eight
there this light a there and my cameras
up there I haven't put the microphone on
the top yet but this is the little setup
that I'm going for
then I'm just going to sit down there
and I'm going to shoot a new video it
might be up by the time you're watching
this if it is they'll be a link down
below if it's not then just keep on
refreshing my main youtube channel
pointlessblog and it will be there very
very soon I'm going to try not load it
the same evening this goes up so that is
a thing or if not it will be up the
following evening
alright I'm going to film that now yeah
just finished filming my new video
and that's the thing
hi guys sorry to randomly end the video
here but I am just packing up all my
stuff at moment packing my bag they're
all my clothes means I was sharing the
case because we are going away now it is
currently 20 past 10:00 and we're
leaving at 2:00 in the morning so I'm
going to catch some sleep
I'm going to holiday as I've said with
my sister and her boyfriend my mum and
my dad eyes are watching this we are
away on a holiday that is a cool thought
that's really really awesome I don't how
this lighting is because I'm just
standing below one little light stop
swinging it strong yeah I had a super
fun day got loads done just finished
editing the video to go up even the same
does this or the next day so yeah I hope
you enjoyed today guys sorry that it
wasn't so long as usual but I just have
to pack your all the videos done so they
could go up washed I'm away um yeah I
will see you and I'll Karen daily log in
when I get back I promise you those
again with these little mini channels
it's going to be awesome to just get
away not in a harsh way and just relax
having without having to make videos
every single day is a lot more work than
what you guys think and I think it's
going to be a nice little break without
YouTube or that I'm going to be
instagramming to tweet and snapchat and
all of that without uploading new videos
yeah it's going to be cool it's going to
be strange but once I get back I'm not
going to be so clear minded so much more
relaxed and then I can get straight back
into it like even better so I will see
you on twitter facebook instagram tumblr
all of that stuff but not on youtube
actually I will see you on YouTube
because my main channel video other not
talking about you'll see what is
happening what is up just follow me on
the social medias to know
I'm gonna have a good holiday I hope
you're well and I will see you back on
this channel in like a week or so
goodbye just wanted to say that I love
you ah ah oh my god I think that one was
attached to my brain
