guys I don't have a clue what I look
like right now I would say good morning
but it is so can you hear that so early
I'm not classifying this is the morning
it is currently quarter to 6:00 in the
morning I've been asleep for just over
two hours maybe about two and a half
hours but there was the most horrendous
I want to show you outside but I want to
show you exactly where I live like the
most insane thunder and lightning so I
want to have it over so that Zooey is
not alone because she's really not
enjoying it the guinea pig foot they
aren't enjoying it I don't know she
won't fight she might just be asleep but
I'd rather just be at her house with her
when it's comedy do anything because
it's such bad weather don't even know if
you can see me but this is a little bit
insane oh my god yeah
sounds at Zoe's windows are about to
cave in any minute hey guys look if I'm
ever show you my water feature that I've
got on the top of my house before but
here it is I paid for this to be
installed in case you know it's
literally not focusing on the water
because smoothing so quick there it is
with my water feature
Wow the hell stones have stopped now but
look at them over there
oh no they are still falling oh this bed
is so comfy last night was absolutely
insane it was just crazy like I was
actually scared for my life like me Zoe
Marcus and Felix like PewDiePie were all
tweeting each other saying how scared we
were Marcus thought it was the end of
the world I thought the world was going
to end now he was on the phone - Zoe
scared
Zoe was like really really scared Felix
was just like couldn't sleep and I think
he was scared he was crazy like if you
guys lived in Brighton and experienced
that as well let me know in the comments
because I've never ever experienced I
don't know that like literally we were
looking at the window from Zoe's flat
like from the bedroom and honestly at
one point a lightning strike like I'm
not even joking
must have hit like either outside or her
building or the building opposite like
you could feel and I've never
experienced this in my life before like
the force of the striker hitting the
floor like shape like that - like mm I
don't know I've already got up today Zoe
made me a cup of tea and some cereal
with cereal together a breakfast
together in the morning at her table I
just finished editing yesterday's daily
vlogs that's just saving now I'm going
to go up I've got a couple of videos to
film today thing I need to film a new
main channel video because I didn't have
a chance to upload this weekend so I
might upload like a little midweek video
or something for you yeah I really I've
got two days now until they go I've got
all of today and all of tomorrow until I
go away for six days so I need to
prepare properly as much as I possibly
can for you guys to have going up whilst
I'm away so and I just having some a
little lunch she made she made some
what's this Thai green soup Thai green
suit with lemongrass delicious and load
of bagels what have you got carrot and
coriander and I thought I'd teach you
guys a little life hack I'm sure you
already know that on these here or just
normal can and get rid of that did you
know there sorry I'm guessing you did
when you're over there
what however spin that thing round yeah
this is imbalance Joyner doesn't it Alan
anyway well not know they come out oh
there you go guys they're watching that
this is the copper that Zoe bought me a
cup of tea in this morning youtuber
Awards 2013 sugar skate winner cutest
couple
me and Zoe I don't even know where you
got that from I didn't get one yeah you
did actually
oh did I I didn't even know I had a pair
box
maybe I just wish they said they sent
like two to me so I put that in the boys
box how he's doing a little driving
theory test this theory that's all but
chicken all over my mouth can't see it
sexy or division when you're in turn
they come to a flow system you should
choose contraflow wish me luck guys it
doesn't look like a mirror mirror no it
doesn't
whoa this is so confusing oh well this
is the babies come to a time guys oh
they give it away too early okay it has
come about now guys just come about when
a very manly man needs to trim his
eyebrows everyone always tells you that
in the comments saying that my eyebrows
are like slugs or caterpillars alright
so you don't have that I don't think
anyone's ever good in slugs it's just
this bit here the mono no it's not that
bitch this bit here are thick that is
you but I don't want to take too much
off sarees guys I want you yes because
no I don't want to film that you're
plucking it yes
Zoe's tried to do it once to me before
and oh my gosh I'll plug them in here
okay
oh I'm Jake in the middle was buying
that doesn't hurt I'm gonna look so hot
after this oh no no you're going for
that bit you're going for that bit I
thought we were doing the middle first
let me just get one from this side see
ghost when I be gone this is hurting
like two out of ten
oh really well that was about three
imagine what you look like a completely
different person after this you do kind
of when your eyebrows get done never had
them done that's just good I'm like
squeezing this so joy oh my god you know
this one these runs on keep still if you
relax
it doesn't hurt ow I like when you film
it because you're actually holding in a
little bit of pain oh you got this one
grip my hair's messy as well I like your
hair when it's lighter
oh oh
checking for blood I want you to whisper
out okay wait a minute chance okay I
want you to whisper
so no shouting just but if it hurts you
just do a little little whisper
Oh looking better I'm getting really
into it well I'm a so manly
oh that looks bit better now yet go how
you feeling good
this one looks so much better you know
thank yes I mean look that's so much
better like pause I using one of the
picture we make up brushes but it's
actually Alfie's as well he actually
paid for that and uses it daily for his
eyebrows to comb my eyebrows with those
just told me that she wants to film this
because apparently the second eye hurts
more because you're used to it being on
the other side oh my god that's still
hurting now is it done yet
I just took two out I'm watching I do in
the mirror guys ah ah oh my god I think
that one was attached to my brain
holy crap I'm not in this and basically
oh I love Jimmy when yeah refund are you
ready now who could use annoyed look
it's me I'm just looking at Witter
oh look his face he's annoyed look I
smile as a big smile okay we'll just
leave one done then yeah yeah okay well
half an hour and then we'll cover no I
have time to carry on in half an hour
your slot was now you can't do this if
you went to a salon yeah let's just do
that
no no one can be what
oh my hands are sweating the eyebrows
have been done I just washed my hair
after crying for like a million years
got my vows but I think they look a lot
better let me know what you think in the
comments now I'm going back to mine to
go an edit video that I filmed last
night then gonna do a live show I'm so
excited to do my live shot and talk to
you guys live for like two weeks now and
then I feel a new main Channel video
let's go
so as you just saw I went into Starbucks
forgetting that I was kind of wearing
this best which isn't too bad
some gym shorts and my slippers not the
best I got of course as usual a large
mocha cooker grumble these people have
anything that I'm sponsored by Starbucks
or some men and I got these I thought I
try never tried them before then I also
got them to the door and egg sandwich
I love egg sandwiches some people really
don't I really do and then I got this as
well and how much had a cross on that is
all over the world oh yeah I'm obsessed
with this cover guys and tipping our
board is awesome go check out look at
this though this is literally making me
feel sick oh I got even go nearer get
out my flat get out
you're not one dead crane prize daddy
longlegs whatever they called them
flying things I don't like them guys
that was one in my bedroom last night I
don't know if you saw my tweets
let me turn some lights on yeah there's
one of them in my bedroom last night and
I was out right I'm keeping my eye on
you you ain't going anywhere
and then I like look down about them for
one second and I see it go under my bed
like down the wall under my bed where I
am now on my way with my parents me not
my sister my mum it's not my parents my
sister my mom not my dad and we are
going to go get my car and put it near
my flat because I got my parking permit
the other day in that vlog didn't I you
know when you hide something so well
that you don't even know where you put
yourself that is what's happened right
now my mum and my sister are outside I
need my parking permit obviously to put
it in my car and I've hidden it so well
that I literally have no idea
where
my booty err it's in here no no in here
no I just got a picture someone drew up
Zoey in there now no I do not - do I
suck at living by myself so bad is on
top of the fridge no oh I didn't even
know I had candles up there where I put
it
I'm life now guys I'm live say hello to
yourselves oh you can't see it yeah hey
hey hey yo hey hey yo yo hey hey so I've
been live now for an hour and three
minutes I just gave somebody an iPad
Mini
I've also followed over 500 of you on
Twitter
say goodbye to yourselves guys bye bye
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye it is
currently one of 8:00 in the morning and
I've just just just finished editing a
new gaming video it's done 11% saving
and I am absolutely knackered I've got a
photo shoot tomorrow morning at my flat
for an interview means oh you're doing
ah starts the photo shoot starts the
pictures start at 9 o'clock and then a
half past nine I've got a driving lesson
so I am gonna be dead I haven't made the
camera though words make of you guys
I've literally just got it balancing up
here because I left it in my into my
office here um because I wanted to make
it now in today's video but if I don't
get some sleep I'm literally going to be
dead tomorrow for this photo shoot so
I'm so sorry to be a letdown I really
wanted to make it today but I've just
had no time at all just been working on
videos every second that you haven't
seen and however I got my eyebrows done
so that's good and I did a live stream
and I've got some videos done anyways I
can find a good sleep now so see if you
enjoyed me get my eyebrows plucked give
the video a thumbs up and I will see you
tomorrow
now guys I got some rollerblades down
here and so it's got some as well shall
I roll playback why not I won't fall
over I'm good
