good morning so I got a taxi to Zoe's
late last night and I was about to leave
now to walk back to my flat because
yesterday if I put this Nike FuelBand on
I want to stop being a little bit more
active not necessarily like working out
or going to the gym because I don't
really have time for that but I want to
start making sure that I do the amount
of walking and steps and all of that
stuff as I meant to do so start using
this I'll show you a bit more a bit
later in the day so I was like eh I
normally get a taxi back from zones to
mind just because it's quicker and more
convenient and today I thought I would
walk forgetting that this was my
Footwear choice these are the shoes that
I wore to Zoe's last night some slippers
I bought like a year ago for literally
one pound I was just like okay I'm gonna
walk back so they've got my band oh my
god they're so comfy I remember them
don't think I can't walk yeah I can't
walk like 15 minutes that's much like me
it's kind of like no that's a little bit
silly or I've got one other option I
rollerblade back I got some rollerblades
down here and Zoe's got some as well
shall I roll playback
why not I won't fall over I'm good I'm
good at rolling a blade in what's the
time let me check on my robot it is
three right please don't be broken
perfect it is three o'clock in the
afternoon just got some food for the
boys there we go little man I have
barely blogged anything today
I've just been filming videos editing
videos cleaned my and everything you can
possibly do to clean a flat or a house I
have done today my new pillows arrived
which look the same but they're like
50/50 on each one sits one colour and
half a colour on there look how clean
and tidy everything is I like hoovered
everywhere and I've only
tiny Hoover tried to change my Hoover
like 2 million times I put on an invest
some new shorts just got a take away
because I haven't had dinner yet and it
is currently six minutes past 10:00 in
the evening so I just need to get myself
a drill you're probably only all
actually guys let me quickly give you a
ceiling update
look how ruined my ceiling is apparently
there are some products you can buy down
here's not too bad at all apparently
there are some products you can buy to
get rid of like grease offer built off
of ceilings and paint and stuff just get
myself a drink with dinner I always do
this guys good tip buy like a Josh glut
egg jaws Wow
I literally can't speak a glass jug and
then put it in your fridge while my
fridge is 70 and then you're always
going to have a supply really really
cold water which I much prefer I was
going to be advised now and I am going
to wait what was I saying a second ago
alien attack yeah it's can you wait
because you've just had a jump from like
lunchtime to now so I'm probably only a
couple of minutes into the video but
don't worry just because it's late
doesn't mean we're not gonna have fun
after I finish eating my food now which
I just got a Thai takeaway let's see I
got I don't even know what I got I just
ordered a load of random stuff
well got some free things of them don't
know what that is that satay sauce
guessing them a chicken satay things
maybe my duck things come out come out
wherever you are
oh that looks really good I think that's
my pad thai and this is just some random
out hot chicken voice stuff falling for
and I got bought the coat because I knew
it was gonna revive late and I've so
much MIDI video is to let film one more
video today and tonight so but I'm
guessing I would have end the vlog by
then so you guys got bored and
yeah got a coke sir can wake me up a
little bit but after this let me quickly
let's run let's run to give my hair like
Oh floppy in here
look how tidy it all is in here now guys
the who's still on the floor they're in
here in this cupboard which is like
storage for everything Louise got me
this for Christmas which was
do-it-yourself built a digital camera
and then there's like 20 million parts
so if I don't need any extra parsley but
you turn the light off
if I don't need any extra parts to build
that then that is what I want to do with
you tonight or now in a minute after I
finished eating also I'm gonna read this
book that I bought the other day read
this if you want to take great
photographs haven't even opened it yeah
so gonna have a read of that right I'll
catch up with you after I finish my
dinner
I am literally in a food coma right now
good night guys okay so these are the
pages these were the bits you get to
make that and make all of that you make
all of that look it's even got a little
screen than here even though this little
spinny thing maybe it's different
filters like Kelvin Valencia and then
you carry on put on a little touchy hand
thingy and then boom it USB connector
now this cover looks awesome I'm excited
I don't know whether to make it now or
whether to say to you do you want me to
make it in tomorrow's video that could
be better it could be better to do it
that way just because it is so late at
night right now so that's what I'm gonna
do if you want me to meet this in
tomorrow's video give the video a thumbs
up and comment down below saying build
the camera that's very original yeah
comment down below saying that if you
want me to build this camera in
tomorrow's video
and I will do that for you just replying
to some comments on the new video and
going down it and somebody has asked
where is it here we go
Shannon X says Alfie how come you were
to next is so if you go to each other so
for other special or something so
basically I wear this necklace here
because Zoe gave it to me and you can't
be seen but it's basically doing if you
can see that it is a cherub climbing a
ladder with to get an apple which means
it means something along the lines of
never give up on what you want
or something like that I think I think
it means never give up on your dreams or
something but I really really like the
message behind that one and I think
that's really awesome and then I wanted
a second necklace just because I wanted
one just I just did I thought it'd be
cool to wear two rather than just one
everybody wears one necklace so I
thought you know what I'm going to try
where to so I bought this second one and
I ordered two extra chains for it so the
name was the same length as this one I
wanted it to be the same kind of like
changes this one and both of them and
the one that you get with they're all
three of them were the wrong length so
that was kind of stupid of me and now
I'm end up with one shorter one and one
longer one and that is the meaning
behind them um as far as over you just
like a lit all and never give up give up
on your dreams and this one was just
because I thought it looked cool this
little fox and I liked it
alright guys I now have already done
much today but I think I'm gonna end the
vlog here it is three minutes to 12 I've
got all my setup over here let me show
you I've got my camera my laptop
microphone everything set up because I'm
gonna film some gaming videos now for
whilst I'm away in on holiday with my
family I've told you guys for those
times now I'm gonna weigh in Wednesday
for like five or six days where the Zoey
my mom my dad my sister and her
boyfriend so I'm gonna try and prepare
loads of videos or at least like a
couple of Sims videos coming up with
gaming videos and stuff like that to go
up whilst I'm away so that you guys
still got videos Oh
so up here let me quickly show you in
this cupboard up here I have got this
which I want to do when I get back you
can't receive it there it says sea
dragons and it is basically like did you
guys when you were younger or did you
ever have sea monkeys or like sea pets
they're like I don't know it's too hard
to explain with her they're basically
like weird little fish you grow and so
I've got some sea dragons to us to make
together 180 laughs from holiday so we
can have like a little pet together
throughout my daily vlogs I'm gonna go
and film these so thanks for watching
guys give it a thumbs up if you enjoy
that and I'll try reply to as many
comments as I can on this video good
night guys
I'm getting chased by daddy longlegs
there's two in my flat and I don't know
where they are and I don't like it but I
just thought I'd show you how much of a
fan I am so a couple of days ago as you
know I've ruined my kitchen ceiling by
leaving a smoothie that exploded
everywhere from the heat while I was out
now today another fail so I went to get
a glass of water a minute ago and I
thought you know what it's late at night
it's really hot at the moment I'll add
some ice what have I done earlier look
at it I put a bottle earlier of water
which is ice glass bottle water in my
freezer and obviously because ice
expands it is just smashed everywhere
like I have now got pieces of glass with
ice stuck to ice cream but I can't even
use my ice now because what if you use
this and in those little cracks ice has
gone in there
I mean glass has gone in there oh I
don't know what to do I don't want to
clean it out tonight I'm just gonna
nicely leave that enough to do a bit
tomorrow I'm such a failure guys living
by myself I literally just baler
everything I can't even I can't even
leave a smoothy smooth
smoothie in my flat without exploding
I can't even make make a drink some
water cold I'm gonna go to bed guys
imma fail now
