yeah yeah yeah morning drink for the
sausage roll as well just having lunch
with the family good morning
so it is literally the morning okay it's
half past 11:00 guys I'm in a park look
at this little egg makes me sad that
could have been a little birdie I'm just
in Ho Park at the moment just had let
bright run breakfast lunch with my mom
Zoey and my dad is such a nice day today
look I love you the weather is yeah feel
like I'm about to get arrested there's
those police cars in bands because we're
just gone into the town hall now because
I need to help down all because I need
to get a parking permit so I can park my
car without having to pay for a little
ticket to pocket every time this is what
me and Zoey need on a tandem tandem bike
rides you up for that if we rent or buy
a tandem and they're going on the beach
keep loose on the fun about yeah I don't
want to go in the back and you don't get
to steer you any bit riding a bike no
I'm all right that means no okay we're
not gonna be going on tandem bikes I do
I'll go we drive a car so I hope you
don't forget love each other I'll go
with Louie
now be said Oh Marcus that'll be a safer
bet kind of haven't got the
documentation that I need so I think my
dad's gonna text it to me now and then I
can go back in and show them need to
have it to have to get my permit so they
went away because means hurry my mom my
dad my sister and her boyfriend got in a
holiday going for a little trip away
together so I'm not gonna be daily
vlogging that Oh blows the text to my
phone on Wednesday from my dad yeah 17
image yes so we are I need to get
somewhere to park my car for boss where
away
is it right is it right it's loading
yeah right I've just plant some exciting
stuff to do today no I just dropped all
my paperwork some exciting stuff to do
today one of my friends so now we're
gonna have some fun
this is literally the best drink in
Starbucks ever and no I'm not being paid
to say that
Macha cookie crumbles alike just amazing
like absolutely amazing today has been
pretty like full-on so far so I
travelled this morning super early I got
to put like 9 o'clock 9 o'clock on a
Saturday and I travelled to go to brunch
with my mum my dad and Zoey we were
brunch then I went to the town then I
went back to my car had to get all my
paperwork went to the Town Hall had the
wrong paperwork wrong my dad got him to
send me the right paperwork got my
parking thing when batters always waited
20 minutes for a taxi to get back to my
flat went to Starbucks and I'm now back
at my flower and my friend is picking me
up in five minutes to go Boulder them
which is like free style climbing like
rock climbing indoors but without ropes
that should be awesome also I'm sure you
saw last night guys but today is my
five-unit anniversary on YouTube I have
been let me turn on some lights you got
some better light in I have been on
YouTube for five years that is just
absolutely insane and this morning when
I woke up at nine o'clock I'm like I
didn't bother checking Twitter for half
an hour which was rare for me why did I
not look at Twitter I don't know I think
I was just so tired I was I mmm
anyways I looked at Twitter at 9:13 and
trending number one worldwide for nine
and a half hours I don't know how long
it was afterwards but it was definitely
until 10:30 so for ten and a half hours
worldwide number one trend was hashtag
five years of pointless blog
you guys are freaking crazy oh my god I
want it I want a huggens to squeeze you
all in a loving way in a nice cuddly
cuddly
sounds weird I meant to say friendly in
a friendly way I want to just squeeze
you all for being so amazing stu vause
from my camera hey hey little man so you
just got to check the square now and by
maksim shorts get some new gym shorts
max loves working out I might buy some
gym Torah which you'll probably never be
used
maybe I'll plan those and then we're
gonna go rock climbing they see me
rollin they hatin that's genuinely a
three-wheeled scooters come from mango
quencher so I've got cloudy lemonade got
loads of halloumi as you know guys are
not believing this is my new discovery
in Nando's only had it for the first
time the other day but it is the best
pudding they have
masculine as well so there's something
else from the next six and Spain and
just wish they're happy five years hey
how are you doing he enjoying Nando's
sorry I'm not right on top of you thank
you so much finished up in Nando's and
just grab in what's the shot court that
one I don't just grabbing Zoe's
macaroons they're her absolute favorite
don't ought to go for there's a lot of
option here right so we've got a little
bit of a change of plan we were going to
go rock climbing that indoor rock
climbing and that's what I've said the
whole of the vlog so far but now we're
gonna change it out because max thinks
he's good at golf I think I'm better at
golf
but don't worry we're not gonna bore you
with a rock with like a round of 18 hole
golf so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna go to a little place around the
corner from here along the beach and
play is it it's like a pudding isn't
mini-golf when you go about mini golf
budding that's the one got our golf cups
now when you choose our ball are you
gonna go for pink pink pink
that's gonna be hidden you are gonna see
that I'll go for a blue
caveman course may the best man win max
we've got little scoreboard down here so
we can see who won no cheating going on
no 210 hole one nice and simple just
straight up there into the end so this
hole here has a little river and
apparently you want to get it in there
so it rolls down and goes into the hole
down there it's gonna be hard
yes max look at that yes yes we and
there's the hole max got it in three
shots I got it in four shots but the one
before I beat max by one so it evens now
yeah like an even par pressure is on
come on max no pressure man
know that man this one stops here goes
all the way up here you have to get it
in one of these three holes and then it
comes out down there somewhere and could
roll into their tricky me Rodolfo yeah
got it on my second shot max come on man
look how close it is yeah hole number
nine and this is like the biggest wall
ride ever you come around here and down
into the hole Oh No
Oh hole 18 this is the last one we don't
know the scores yet so the pressure is
on it's nice and simple just from there
to there
last oh come on
max hi what are you playing at what are
you doing my parking tickets gonna run
out in a minute it's the home yeah nine
nine nah I'm literally sweating so much
but back at Max's car now what do you
think you got just estimated I got 48
you got 56 yeah I won that was good
there are times in my life when I wished
that I had CCTV not because I've been
burgled and not because I falling over
or done a fail but oh my god like what
I'm about to show you is not good and I
don't know how it happened
I left my smoothie here but it is gone
so curdled and hard look how disgusting
that is in the Sun that it must have
exploded and look at my ceiling guys my
ceiling is ruined
I don't know what to do I don't know him
to laugh or whether to cry I literally
just got that painted how is that even
possible
why did you explode so it's 10:02 at
night now guys and I just thought I
would do my usual open packages without
it there is open back edges when he gets
a package through the post and we opened
it together today it is from a sauce it
is not from Amazon like usual and as
usual I'm going to try and open it with
one and everybody able to do that okay
so here we go I've got it all out now
thought I would do a little haul for you
I've been going on holiday on Wednesday
or like really really late Tuesday
morning kind of time with Zoey my mom my
dad my sister my sister's boyfriend to
Greece for five days six days something
like that so I'm not going to be daily
vlogging then that is number one there
was gonna be a little pause on the daily
Bob's number two I bought some great
fret support some blue swimming shorts
just like plain blue nice I bought what
is this oh I remember what these are you
can't really see the color they're like
a purpley Brown just have normal pair of
shorts then I got some gray denim kind
of shorts I got some black shorts yeah I
do like Shores that mash up some shorts
when I film that video of Marcus on his
channel what we threw all that
disgusting food over each other we
ruined my bandanas so I bought a brand
new blue bandana
I bought a plain white sleeveless vest
I bought some great swimming shorts
because I bought these like so many pink
swimming trunks a while ago and then it
turns out that jack harries has also got
them and Marcus has also got them so I
bought some new gray ones as well so we
don't ever match when we go to an event
I bought the t-shirt that I wore in the
video of Marcus went through food all
over each other
I ruined and it was the first time I'd
ever worn out so I bought that t-shirt
again that is some small packaging she
wears some more grey shorts apparently I
didn't think of order two pairs and what
is this Oh a vest a gray like tie-dye
worn acid-wash vest lovely that is
really good okay I'm happy more than
that obviously I need to try it on but
that looks good it is ten o'clock so I'm
gonna end the vlog here now because I've
literally got nothing else fun to do
today for you guys or anything to show
you so if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up again I've said
this enough so I don't want to drag it
out make it boring but thank you so much
guys for all the support over the last
five years it has been crazy and you
mean more than what you can ever imagine
so I will see you tomorrow bye guys
when you were sleeping I said yeah I
always it yes Zoe's obsessed she thinks
that aydin's take her away every night
every night only sometimes
