good morning welcome back to my vlog to
my life to my house to my my little
family this is my first proper vlog back
since since getting home last night I
just want to throw it out there and say
that I always find vlogging super
difficult for some reason when I haven't
blogged for a while so today's vlog I
might seem a little bit off it might
seem a little bit weird I don't know I
don't feel like I'm going to but I'm
always aware that whenever I have a
couple of days off of vlog in that when
I next vlog
I watched the video back when I'm
editing it and stuff and I'm like you're
now that isn't me that's the who's that
who's that guy That's not me just
because I'm getting back into the flow
of filming and talking to the camera
again but yeah we're back Zuri's
currently taking not outside oh you're
there Oh with a little photo shoot going
on what are you doing up there look how
wet our feet are
should we draw your little feet before
we go you can say hello to the vlog have
you missed these guys when we got back
last night
first thing we did was get a Wagamama it
was blooming good as well also we
haven't even unpacked yeah like all of
our Oh Zoey's bras and shot all of our
suitcases and stuff are still there
haven't unpacked it oh I haven't done
anything just want to mention the time
as well although actually it's not gonna
be as early now we've just made a coffee
and everything it's half past 9:00 in
the morning Zoe woke up this morning at
5:50 because obviously Greece's two
hours ahead so she woke up at like 550
which would be 750 where we were and
instead of trying to go back to sleep or
anything just decided just to get up and
not tidy the house and that I woke up at
about 750 I want to say jumped in the
shower got ready for the day did some
tidying some sort in and now we're just
waiting for actually we're not waiting
for anything I was gonna say waiting for
Town fact to open so that we can hip to
town quickly but Town open 28 minutes
ago tomorrow
the day you're watching this on 24
I'm 24 like I don't feel 24 I don't feel
my age I know I do
it's difficult because oh I don't know
don't think do I fill my age i I don't
know put it this way when I Drive past
like my old college I still feel like
I'm the same ages of the pupils there
but I'm not there like 18 years old and
I'm 24 by the time you're in this so I'm
like 6 years older however I do feel
their age but then at the same time if I
was to hang out with us 17 18 year old I
can also tell that I am older than those
people so some some parts of me feels
like I'm not like you're not 24 I come
in when my cousin was 24 my cousin had a
kid it like 22 or something one of my
cousins and I remember being like butter
my neck he's so old he's got a kid he's
22 or 23 or however old he was when he
had his child he's got a few children
now he's old he's like 31 now anyway
isn't anyone I'm saying this and I
remember my older cousins being so old
Jade if you're watching this when I was
young guys that you and James were so
much older than me but now I'm that age
that I used to see them as when they
were really old I don't know if that
makes sense
basically I'm 24 tomorrow and yeah
they're nowhere else but just am just
I'm 24 tomorrow hey Jamie hey don't
Percy you get in there you having a
little sleep ease are you good you'll
get me being hanging out with Percy and
buzzy boy how was your holiday I haven't
asked you how your holiday wasn't here
so he's got a very extravagant outfit on
today look at so is that there how was
your holiday
it was amazing yeah I think it was just
what we needed
it's good for the whole family Joe
alright we're heading off to town
because Zoey's got me no birthday
present so far no he hasn't got me one
birthday present
hi Jackie died legit like I know people
say this and people don't believe it
when people say it but I actually like
would not be like I don't want this year
not that I've ever had another year
where I'm like I want this but I'm just
like I don't feel like I need anything
we just got back from a holiday like
we're lucky enough to be going on a cool
holiday I don't need a present need to
grab myself a jacket if you saw before
we left for the holiday
I literally tidied all over my wardrobe
and I can tell you now it is blooming
nice Oh quite a fan through on this one
I've got giving this one set a photo
shoot it would bloom in Nice order wear
this one here I'll wear this one
it's so nice coming back to lots of
clean clothes because as you know what
you might not know I'm not very good
well actually that's a lie I never was I
wasn't very good at doing my washing
like washing my clothes so I would
always wait to all my clothes are dirty
and then wash them all and then wear
them all into there or literally until I
had no green boxes left till have no
clean boxes left and then I'll do my
washing which normally results in me
have you got keys I'm got any keys I'm
joking
which normally annoyed being serious
though I actually don't have a fob for
the gates we have people stay at the
house you guys know this the same videos
we never ever leaves the house with
nobody in it at all times of the day 24
hours a day there's at least one person
in our house
and obviously whilst we were in holiday
where people looking Austin hollering
baths and stuff like that and personally
said people and Percy and after Percy so
I gave there somebody was staying here
one of the pops anyways what was I
saying
so when we came back yesterday I've got
a lot of clean clothes which is so
simple so mundane to some of you guys
watching this to be like yeah why do I
need some clean clothes but for me that
genuinely isn't something that I
normally have because have you got your
keys as well it's my keys
have you got my parking key good job
good thinking Batman that's what my dad
used to always say when I was younger
but if I ever had an idea or if I if I
ever said anything good thinking Batman
did I'd ever seen did I put it in yes
yeah my dad did so much no he did that
yep did he actually used to say
good thinking Lippman thinking good
thinking anyways we're heading to town
now it's 9:30 on a Saturday they push
the tech TV no one in town oh well that
was weird
oh no oh yeah we shorted out this thing
in our car so I can press number two and
it puts my seat to how I like it yeah I
just put my foot for the clutch why I
don't know haven't even been driving I
think
the last time I was driving in the UK I
was driving my other I think these are
guys probably gonna prove me wrong
because you're gonna watch the vlogs
back and say that's a lie I don't know
if you guys did not know Sarah cloyce
has just released a new song on the 15th
yesterday for me Friday the 15th only
you came out you need to go listen to it
you need to go buy it let's get it up
the charts and what's lovely of her is
that she's allowed me to use it in my
videos so I can actually play in these
vlogs and not get the vlog taken down
for copyright it's crazy that I can just
leave this in the video you guys don't
know the struggle
what you need
DJ Zoey's coming out we'll come to the
DJ slash audio shop to get a couple of
microphones for a new project that I'm
working on we got everything we needed
we even managed to get this one little
part which even the man in there didn't
know about himself because it's such a
weird obscure little part for the
microphone that I need I didn't even
know what it was called I was kind of
trying to describe it to him I need and
the guy was like I don't think it can do
that and then I walked over the other
side of the shop and I was like wait in
that cabinet that's what I need and I
pointed to this little thing and we got
out the box and it turns out it was the
right thing just happened to be there on
the side it was meant to be this with
one extra two microphones an extra two
cables and the little widget that we
needed so we're we're already has always
got blisters on her feet from her boots
like the top of the boots Robyn but it's
not even the kind of outfit where you
could wear big high socks on top of that
I know that is a cool shop isn't that in
here if that was all done up that would
be is that name of premises go local
name of premises SL XP be permanent shop
no we're not meant for the video yet
though joking I'm joking we've got the
best spot we've got a mirror opposite to
check your hair but we've also got a
spot looking over everybody everybody in
the restaurant
everyone or Celica we can tweak it
always just push our table over this
side of here we can do that everyone's
looking at us I feel like we're on show
pancakes are in the packets are in the
middle thank you so much thank you
oh my gosh we're currently outside a
shop called yak which is a yarn and
knitting specialist shop the zou is
currently vlogging and loving her life
over there letting everybody know so I
thought I might as well tell you myself
so it can come straight from what's that
saying a straight from sorry what's that
saying straight from there something is
mouth that's the one that straight from
the horse's mouth young girl wasn't even
that much younger I was like 16 or 17 or
something like that I got into knitting
going to knitting on time I knitted like
three scoffs in like a couple of weeks
Zoe
mom and dad have got one of them at
their at their house about three
different material I'm very less B I've
got a new braces in and Zoe loves to let
everybody know that I used to knit
mittens cool what you're on a vow my nun
also can we talk about how Zoe's walking
today look at some of these walk these
boots were not made for walking that's
what they're bloody not made for
literally I shoot sort of prove no
bounds oh look at the new Wacom arm is
low though hashtag make it rainbow look
at that up there
yes Wagga Mama's be careful what okay
oh my gosh okay it looks like I've only
just finished it and I pull the
microphones to you which are all now
working took me ages to work out how to
get this little extra bit to record but
it's so it's all good so good it's
actually been a couple of hours probably
for more than a couple since I was doing
all of the microphones and stuff I ended
up a holiday vlog which went up
yesterday so I hope you enjoyed that if
you haven't seen it go check it out one
of the days from all on holiday where
these two Justin Bieber's really not
very good aren't they
who watch in the ex Baptists episodes
that we missed whilst we were on holiday
oh no they're like getting their ABS out
and stuff and lip biting zoe knife both
ordered takeaways for dinner from
separate places and the fact that was
just gone it wasn't mine Zoe's Domino's
arrived before mine I ordered from a
Thai place
cheeky chip okay - wait wait where do
you boy my foods arrived I put it all
into two bowls which I would show you
what it looks like but it looks gross
because I literally just poured it into
two bowls
got Thai green curry egg fried rice
broccoli and chicken satay and bloomin
happy gnarly you've just had your dinner
- I haven't you time to sit down and
watch them so some evening TV we've just
spent the last 45 minutes on the phone
to joe talking about different Netflix
shows to watch and different Netflix
series I feel like the vlog went was
really really long and loads of chatting
and talking and doing stuff at the
beginning of this video and then the
evening has just feel like spent in bed
eating we're about to watch a TV a
Netflix
documentary oh now you can't see me as I
turn the lights off and Netflix
Nashville good documentary called
unacknowledged which is about aliens and
area 51 and space and I don't even know
Joe has explained in it's like an hour
and 40 minutes long so we're gonna watch
that now whilst in bed and I'm gonna
insert after this clip now I'm gonna end
the vlog here tonight but there was a
package is this right Zoe Zoe said that
there's been an ex a site exciting
package that arrived so we've had it
since before and a holiday to Zoe's pure
box he arrived and now let's get an
annoyed because I'm talking she wants to
go to sleep so I'm gonna open this
package is it good is it worth putting
it into this vlog we should I get them
to wait to tomorrow okay Brimmer neck is
my birthday tomorrow yeah tomorrow's my
birthday vlog everybody what the day
you're watching this is my birthday if
you want to give me a birthday present
give the video a thumbs up let's see
this if we can get 24 million or 24
right it's half past eight but it feels
a half past ten because that's the time
it would be in Greece and living it up
not before my birthday go to bed at half
past ten
that you have been bed already for what
two hours anyways you can't even see mom
literally vlogging in pitch black we've
got to watch unacknowledged on Netflix
and I catching the more than catching my
birthday literally 24 see tomorrow in
the morning good morning guys it's the
next day and we're back in the vlog it's
my birthday had an incredible day so I
don't want to tell you what we've been
up to so far because that's for
tomorrow's vlog but let's just say there
was a a present hunt like a treasure
hunt but for presents
so that's happening in tomorrow's blog I
haven't opened this box that has arrived
whilst we've been away what is that oh
is it for my birthday no it's not my bad
press release
let's see what's in here do you know who
this is from
yeah it's a press release which
basically means a company is Center I
don't know what's in there I don't have
to open it yeah why it's gonna be
blooming scary is it from the movie in
it open the box
it's gonna be scary I don't like it's
not scary it's not scary
I like it oh it's on the movie it's
there's a red balloon in there a bloomin
told you it's gonna be scary I don't
know what else is in there you'll float
- ah greetings from Derry your float -
oh look at this it says Alfie on that SS
Alfie oh my god little the bye
Oh creepy they've got a picture of me
with my balloon in the background
it's got creepy no I see mine no I
haven't the kids where's oh my god no
way
now hold your little balloons even more
scary saggin there's not even like a
message you have to open that out that's
so funny
there's like there's no message that
goes with it I find that even more grief
is at the blueness right we've already
seen that way exactly it's time to end
the vlog hope you enjoy that every day
let me smell that
that's not very new oh that nice stuff
and and I'll catch ya in the morning my
birthday
good night guys
