God whoa what is that on the top of my
camera it all good morning a second it's
not morning as usual guys let me cut a
check what the time is for you
403 it is 403 Wow if I was at school
still or college I would have finished
by now what I want to do now guys it's
cook some lunch of you in my beautifully
full fridge and I think we're gonna have
some sausages together what them there
have I got any bread please please say
I've got bread yes as always run away
over now to film some Sims episodes with
me then I filmed some gaming videos
today then after that i'm uploading
yesterday's idea vlog then editing
uploading the sims video and then i'm
what we've gone over to marks this new
place because mark has moved into his
new flat today and he is so excited I'm
so excited and yeah we're gonna go up
and see him I saw a tumblr post earlier
this morning I'm not going to try and
find it now cuz I probably take me a
while are searching my tag on tumblr and
I am saw a post this morning about that
how my vlogs my daily vloggers go in
this order I wake up I travelled to my
flat I filmed edit videos I hang out
with Zoe then Zoe says a comment about
boobs then I speak for ages in one take
and then I go to bed and that is
literally true I've woken up at
lunchtime so far I have traveled from
Zoe's to my flat and lunch so let's see
if that is the case I'm drinking mmm
very posh drinking my water out of a
wine glass because most of my glasses
are all in the sink they're dirty or in
the dishwasher clean but I just can't be
bothered to empty yeah just finished
cooking the sausages which I don't think
went too well actually why is there so
much black stuff in the pan are you
ready
that is my favorite way of cooking is
getting to that on the Panopto these my
sausages I cut them all in half just to
make sure that they're cooked and I put
them in here cook some dry toast this or
not I don't think I should toast this I
think I just have a sausage sandwich and
then put it covered not covered actually
not smothered just a little treacle of
some of these just been cooking his
sausages I've already come across with
two issues number one there is no like
grease and stuff one where the sausages
are spitting all over my oven I've never
cleaned like an oven or the top bit of
another whatever that table is called
don't really know how to do that I have
to give my mom a call number two is that
because I travel a lot further YouTube
stuff and I'm saying it's always a lot I
don't often get to eat all my food so I
never throw it away because it goes out
a day look at this bread it's got mold
on there and mold there that is
disgusting but can I eat this part
because that parts got mold and it's not
over here so these two pieces of bread
have no mold on them at all I think
they're okay to eat now I need some
butter there so he comes straight in I
was about to film saying a finished my
sausage sandwich and I've stepped up a
post level but again it was what to
perform now it's even more posh squash
what were you about to - squash James oh
oh is that this bowling ah no I tried to
make yeah Robert I didn't look at
instructions that was what happened
let's put him back together every other
didn't make am Dube referencing y'all I
know I was gonna call you up last night
but I forgot I was gonna call you and
say Zoe and you'd be like wife born I
would like I need you to say something
to do the boob my baby guy we just
finished it in Sims episode number 23
and something super drastic happened
like such a big deal for the Sims I
didn't even know it as possible I don't
want to say too much that went up a last
night if you guys want to go check that
out it was pretty we didn't expect it to
happen in the episode I'll put it that
way
just laying on the bed now watch in some
sakuni Jolie's enjoying it wasn't that
that's what I saw you ran in the room
you lie it's trendy number three and
then I refreshed it when I was sitting
to a terminator and then it was number
one worldwide I do want to go if I just
text Marcus now because Marcus today as
well so daddy is moving into his new
flat look how nice the sky is outside no
as well oh yeah yes we want to go over
and see Marcus and help him out this bad
stuff and celebrate yes we buy him some
champagne spray it all over his new flat
that's not very nice is it your steak no
no no ma'am every day I wake up with a
new spot on my face you collect them
spot collector let's go play instead of
collecting stamps in a book you get
spots on your face videos like oh yeah I
watch that one didn't I yeah
look at Zoe's here she woke up this
morning we don't know why or how
look how bruised it is guys is all like
purple how can you even bruise that part
squeeze my ear in my sleep or I think
maybe oil Atlanta cold it up and then
slept on it like tuck it away or
something
it looks like you know sometimes when
you have you ever sucked on someone's
ear like really hot that's what happened
no the blood vessels going to the senses
yeah oh I always say to Alfie I got
abducted by yes Zoe's obsessed she
thinks the aliens take her away every
night not every night only sometimes
sometimes she's had this obsession for
how you know ever since I'm not you know
before I knew you I used to think and
she always tells me like last night I
got ducted by aliens like no no honestly
I'm not given both hands that's weird
because I tell you why well she's just
sometimes unexplainable things happen
like I'll wake up with like a weird mark
on my arm that wasn't there when I went
to sleep or like bruises all over one of
my legs
it wasn't Arabic simply weird things
like bruises just on one popular
experimented on that in late last night
me marks are just texted now he said
that he's super super busy but he does
so that I can go over today to go and
see his new place I said of course let
me just come over tomorrow man like I'm
gonna be an inconvenience because I know
me and my parents and Jim is just eating
now and he said under one condition I
can come over if I make two desks fam or
one me make one and Zoey makes one she's
not gonna be able to make a desk she's
asleep
and so that's basically leaves me making
two desks and I have to bring him a
kitchen where am I gonna get a kitchen
form to understand what I can do this
funny around that if I brought him a
Twinkie turn what's the time
he's 22 nine pounds gonna be closed what
can I do that's funny about kitchen I'm
not sure if I put this in my vlog the
other day guys this is called a kendama
or kendama and it's basically a bull on
string with a stick thing and a spike
thing and three little one here one here
and one on the bottom places to catch
the ball all right let me have a go I'm
not very good at it but it's much harder
than what it looks yes Oh
or basically you have to flip them all
up catch it on that spike and the hole
is only this big bottom and the side on
the front on the side and catch it
Oh looking around my flat and look at
these little pictures that I've got from
party ages ago me Jim Marcus and Zoe and
Joe why did I just throw it on the floor
another one me marks and Joe another one
me marks moi another one me just me and
Marcus look at that mouth you love going
on guys and the last one is me Marcus
Joe Louise and Zoe I love that so much
that's so cool
so I'm walking about ten minutes now
maybe a little bit longer and I am
finally approaching I got the hiccups
guys so I'm like trying to not he got
finally approaching that's what
Sainsbury's because I want to grab some
dinner from Sainsbury's there's not the
most option left is there now I don't
know if I can cook the box is because I
don't even know if he's got like a
working oven or cooker I didn't know
that basically I said democracy eat to
history Oh hiccup still between hop nine
and ten and it is ported to ten so I
said to Zoe you meet me there because
you're sleeping you're tired so I'm
going to go there when I said and then
Zoe's gonna come Hey and meet up some
second gone for some pasta some of your
sausages little cake and have a sandwich
a latte some chicken bits and some
cookies of course
right somebody back my flat now guys I
didn't film anything at Marcus's because
he's only just moved in today as I said
to you Jim was also there as nice to see
jim and know me and Marcus's parents but
I didn't really want to film anything
because I thought he doesn't even I
don't know if he's even shown you guys
that yeah oh if this blog we're not
before the vlog where he shows you guys
his flat then that's not cool I don't
want to be showing you or leaking
anything that he wants to surprise you
guys away of or show you
so sorry that you didn't get to see
Marcus or Jim what the flat or anything
but I just didn't really want to ruin
something that he's been waiting for for
so long and so excited about him one of
my videos I'm sure you wouldn't mind it
I'm like 99% sure but even just like if
I showed something that you wanted to
show you guys or that he was excited I
didn't want him film by accident so I
didn't didn't want to film anything at
his I'm so tired now
so so time today I still have one more
video today I needed it and upload there
but that's fine that's going to be a
cool video I just had a latte that I
bought won't ask an arse Oh Lord a an
iced latte which was super delicious
this is like the hottest tightest jumper
ever one second as something that's just
happened that I completely forgot about
that you guys have got my back as usual
and reminded me look at this worldwide
trend there we go look at that so
basically at 12 o'clock
59 minutes ago it hit the 26th of July
2014 which is my five-year anniversary
on YouTube from my channel points blog
for five years since I started making
videos I don't even know what to say
that is that is such a long time five
years of my life I am only twenty years
old so that is a quarter of my life now
I've been making videos that is a big
big chunk of my life that I've spent
giving everything I can connect um of
you guys speak to undo you guys sharing
as much from my mother much of my life
with you guys as I possibly can I just
want to say thank you so much like you
guys have always got my back let me turn
this light on a little bit no matter
what I do you guys have got my back and
I just want you to know that whatever
you do in life if you ever need anybody
like honestly and I know it sounds
stupid because I may live in another
country and make it really far away you
may treat me lots and I don't reply but
I will try my best to always be there
for you like if you tweet me if you
Facebook me if you do anything just like
you guys have got my back
I've got your guys back I promise you
like there's none of this like
business or anything you guys are my
friends I want to talk to all of you I
want to meet all of you I'm like
sweating out one because of the lights
but also because and I'm getting
emotional guys five years on YouTube I'm
reading the tweets that you guys have
send to me and it's just insane like so
many of you are just sending like the
loveliest messages ever and about how
I've helped you through times or how
I've made you like I've allowed you to
make new friends via like via you guys
talking to each other and things like
that or I've like helped you through
hard times of your family by like
brighten up your days watching my videos
and if that isn't just one-sided I
really really want to make that clear
you guys I don't just help some of you
in my videos you guys helped me like
when I'm down I look at my tweets and
you guys to tweet me such amazing things
when like I've gone through hard times
or upset times
you guys always then you've got my back
but this is all just insane this doesn't
this feels like I'm going away I had to
change cameras again but I was saying
this literally feels like I'm gonna wake
up from a dream this is just so crazy
I've done so much in the last five years
like when I was sitting in school in
year 11 or year 10 none of my friends
know about my videos I was so scared for
them to ever even find out about my
videos let alone make friends for
YouTube travel the world with people on
YouTube that I didn't know before the
Internet I've got a girlfriend Zoe from
YouTube my life would be so different by
now if I didn't make that one little
video back in my bedroom I think my
first video was called what to do on a
rainy day and if I didn't borrow my
family camera secretly sit in my room
with a balanced on some books and talk
some gibberish that I'm sure wasn't
entertaining I wouldn't be here right
now literally where I am right now in my
flat
Missouri's asleep in the other and
wouldn't have a girlfriend or I might
have a girlfriend but not my tummy Zoe
that that's even weirder I don't even
know
just thank you thank you for like
everything you've done whoever you said
watch me today you started watching me
five years ago today you've supported me
even just watching this you're
supporting me and I just wanna say thank
you I love you so much better doing that
guys leave some comments about when you
started watching me what I was doing
what you thirst what you thirst what you
first thought of my videos I'm gonna try
and get some sleep although my brains
gonna be going crazy and I'm just gonna
be reading all your tweets and stuff
okay guys so thanks so much again I'll
speak to you tomorrow in the new daily
vlog I love you so much
goodnight
