good morning good morning it is actually
1252 at lunchtime just finished up my
meeting now about the pointless project
and it is getting even more intense and
exciting guys to the point where now I
have finished no more meetings to do
with that I'm gonna have to hide some
stuff on my table because I just realize
it could be in the background that you
guys aren't loveseats do with that let
me find out there let me cover it up now
you have no idea what it is
Morgan Emil you're just sitting here
editing yesterday's a vlog which of
course would have been up by now we
often London's that way he's too busy oh
yeah he's exporting my video for me we
are going off to London now - we're
gonna go check out this like a cool as I
spoke to you before in previously on
this channel there's like a coke event
going on today in London I leave the
details down below cuz I think it still
might be on for a while or there's some
more ones going on I'll leave all the
details down below and we're going to go
to that it's basically like a pop-up
party pod kind of thing and it's gonna
be really cool that you can go there and
get like custom-made cokes and if you
think with your name on it or with your
friends names on there and you can just
chill out there's like a seating area
there and just have a drink so we're
gonna go to that for a bit and then we
are gonna go to top man and we've got a
stylist and top man who's gonna dress us
actually why am I telling you I don't if
I want to tell you what we're doing
that's some of it and then we've got
something even more exciting that we're
doing in the evening but I'm not going
to tell you now otherwise you just know
then that happens in this video we're
growing station we've got our train
tickets now
just get some coffees and a hot
chocolate changer that's the one thing I
train so you could get it on time just
about all of the way on power yes I love
the color orange yes a nice orange bike
and we're sorted for train sex guys got
some pasta Morgan got the widest chori a
sausage roll and can possibly get how
talk to you about white got hot choc
there which looks so good
you guys know hot chocolate is my
favorite drink but I went for a latte
because I'm tired I don't need to be
bold enough to of these are you know
when to put up you know it's just got to
Victorian station now it is like a sauna
so glad that I'm wearing shorts hot in
here isn't it man
we've got to wait for taxi driver now
and then we're off for the first
activity of the day just go out of our
car now well outside the Theatre Royal
in Covent Garden up there Charlie and
the Chocolate Factory is one of the
moment look check this guy's I really
really want to see it so if any of you
have been let me know what it's like in
the comments and if you work there hook
a brother up put me up guys this is my
telling you about got a coca-cola van
house it would that be
imagine unlimited supply coke and a
coca-cola van that's what I want
myself normale
three finally step Laurie you make your
way up to our VIP roof this is the
ultimate selfie okay so as you can see
on the screening it nice we've got the
names that you've chosen capture the
wrecker Casper over here happy water not
there Althea Morgan you're being eaten
all right let's switch up guys yeah okay
that's lucky I was gonna say fine for
the camera way a very excite my sexy
nose right
therefore guys but any further yeah so
nice and hot today you guys enjoying
today yeah
having a nice time did you get your coke
bottles in your bags yeah I gotta charge
the bottles oh yeah
yes you did okay me girls I knew only
one over there so excited to be in this
 give us away
you didn't help with you to see all your
affected opportunities like to hear
again to grab yourself a personalized
popular a coca-cola the question is
Google you share a coke with boys hand
I'm Jane zero
you are loved in the audience thank you
thank you so much yeah
Riddhi would you like to share it with
your mouth oh you can't hear ya have you
made one
so we just left coca-cola now I also got
as you saw two extra coca-cola bottles
custom I got me one Morgan one and then
I also got Casper because Cass believe
never ever manages to get anything to
spell his name correctly because it has
an ARV I'm not an ER so I sorted him out
one and then you saw I got a Rebecca
that is because where we're going now is
with a woman called Rebecca so I'm going
to give her that which is going to the
coldest car ever
it's so nice it is literally like a
sword out there today guys I'm
stretching how's your day been man yeah
good good we haven't told you've got
premiere we're going to tonight nice to
meet you you havin a nice day yeah so
I've got stuck there by some cute little
girls one in a picture we are going to a
premiere tonight as I was saying so we
are in top man at the moment just
looking to pick up some suits that's not
bad is it or whether soft
suit shopping is not my forte have you
ever been suit shopping before all the
shoots over the sea we don't know he
literally done on what we're buying and
what we're looking for now so we could
end up look in dressed up in clothes
like this we've like I don't even know
guys yep men in black star something not
wow they're quite out there aren't they
wouldn't be able to pull that off just
something nice and simple that's what I
think
yes I'll get that put the boat on your
hat you wrap it around the front yes boy
I found this shirt it's a little bit out
there but I quite like it and then I got
it like this this is the blazer Morgan's
going for a match up there and down here
this one is the one that I'm going for I
quite like that
all right that's quite nice you know
with that jumper so far with the outfit
and I have found a t-shirt that I like
it's basic like little ripples Morgan is
not a shirt he likes and the woman is
just going to go and kindly get him the
blazer in his right size I've tried a
couple of these on didn't really like
them too much I did find one that I
really liked but they didn't have it my
size so you're gonna have to come and
look at and we have got 29 minutes till
we have to be at the premiere 29 minutes
I don't think we're gonna make on time
guys we've got 17 minutes to the
premiere starts and neither of us are
having about how happy you have your
clothes no Barry my trousers don't go
with theirs oh I don't know what to do
I'm gonna choose yet either
so far we are 12 minutes late for the
film I don't think it should be too much
of an issue because we can get that up
into a half past six
sort it I'm still uploading my video my
daily vlog it's going up in three
minutes and we'll get sworn it fell over
long as that talked we just need to UM
finish taxi now made it the car guys we
have 12 minutes till the absolute latest
we can get there from a quarantine
standstill traffic thanks to London
being London we also have one minute
more left because I'm uploading it off
my phone internet from Morgan's laptop
for the video to go up tonight this has
been a stress all day yeah fun all
suited and booted or your outfit looks
good man yeah first time all games ever
bought like a blazer or something like
that oh it's nice to be in a car but
it's gonna be better to be in a cinema
guys I think Joe Casper Louise Matt and
Tony and Jim also gonna be at the
premiere I haven't spoken to any oh no I
did I spoke to Joe a little bit earlier
today just to see if he was going and he
said he thinks he is so you might be
lucky and get all of them not in this
video as well I did get that Coke for
Rebecca
the woman has styled us today she helped
us out we're on clothes like pick what
we were wearing today but I'm fortunate
I said to her I went to give at her and
she was like oh thank you so much that's
so awesome it was like really happy that
she had a cook with her name on it but
she didn't want to be filmed she was
like I'd rather not be on camera so I
couldn't put it in the video but I gave
her back of a personalized coke and she
loved it casual
why not that's how I get around when I'm
in London
they excited
we know in the carpet yeah I believe
this boon not yet
cigarettes there's two separate cinemas
plain film at same time me Morgan are in
a blue one some of the other guys are
germ cats we've just come to a silver
one
although that one else came in on what
who else did you know what
oh there's quite a lot of people here
all right let's do this
we did get some cheetah crests hot water
and obviously some 3d glasses
just came out the film how is that map
brilliant yeah good how did you find out
there's awesome get I thought it was so
much better than why I spent I didn't
expected to be bad but it was awesome
was really really good
we've got some massive house Oni like
folded in half cheddar bacon drop down
the Louise always gets better dishes
than I did zoomed in on the pasta
yeah it's just like new enjoy focus
confer moderator as well
coronaries okay guys so we just went
back to Louise's hotel for a bit and
chilled with loads of the guys who at
the mill and if I showed you is at the
mill where there's like 10 million
youtubers there I don't think I really
film it much of that the film was
awesome coke was super super fun earlier
and they've got loads of little bottles
with my names on it and everything
did you have fun today yeah you're tired
hippo yawning man I'm so tired as well
which is on the way back now to fight
them so thanks for watching guys if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up make sure
to check out the other dates down below
of where the coke events are or know the
details down there they're a lot of fun
as you saw in the video and yeah I will
see you tomorrow bye guys odd taxi
driver has just gone to go and get
petrol but look at his bottle he thinks
he's handsome we yes coca-cola I feel
bad now guys he is very very handsome
okay
night
