good morning jumps Zoe actually informed
me last night that chumps means idiots
or stupid people so lordy insulted you
in the video you looking at noise that I
made no but like but like this like that
bogus I'm not just in a fart and video
loads of food that was just arrived as
ice ball by the way I literally feel and
look like death because it's quite early
for me I woke up a quarter to ten why is
this been ripped oh you've already had
one out of it I was like that's not the
best of Tesco's to send it like this
it's tire head ah I'm tired now you see
what you got Zoe is obsessed with these
all the ones we like yeah I said oh I'm
saying Zoe's obsessed I'm obsessed as
well like these little things here are
amazing you get to keep like the little
pot office but let me show you I've got
so many we've got so many of the little
pot you have people round like some of
me doing this cooks like our favourite
ones that chocolate oh yeah some other
ones literally ready to eat listen they
are so good they're gonna go in my
favorite oh yeah but these last night
like last for breakfast
shall I get cooking somebody's gonna
panic why I mean which gives them to the
guinea pigs I don't have to make any
pigs liked let's ever learn let's see if
they like them oh you got loads of good
yes that looks good yeah and also I got
some asparagus and mozzarella I eat this
it like flat all the time um cottage pie
stir-fry I don't know which stir-fry
sauce you wanted I quite want sweet and
sour but I know that you wouldn't want
sweet and sour and then these are like
your staff right there I didn't know
which one you'd like so yes and even got
this which I like yeah whole meal
picture okay anyways we're gonna unpack
now it's my favorite Russian side yogurt
and they put fruit with that in the
morning I do not I want in the morning
no tire let me get a black pen
whistles while it is do they think that
hey guys we're not getting paid by
Cadbury son jeez I wish they don't be a
freak every sons I have more than four
left in my fridge if we were getting
paid oh yeah is your page right we're
gonna unpack now I bought some more
sweet potatoes yesterday but I just want
sorry to see these ones that I've kept
in a cupboard for quite a while now come
over here come over here
there you have to close your eyes I'm
gonna put them in your hand they're not
I know they're not horrible please don't
just trust me wait no you haven't got
your eyes closed I know what you're like
okay guys suck it happy
look how long the stalks are look at
them this is what happens when you put
things right I put it right up there see
here's my new what no these my new ones
potatoes okay where should I put them
I'll leave them down to a stick yeah
they're proper plants now they're not
just potatoes like to the left to do
that ha ha ha ha hey Pippin look he's
just like buried himself in ovm so - duh
halo boys the hungry but it isn't fun
should get some breakfast yeah yeah
let's open this put that there
here we go he's trying to steal it on my
hand
oh there we go you've got a big old pile
of food for your breakfast Oh drop the
camera you enjoying it you enjoying it
yeah they're gonna speak to me okay I
want to show you this this came to my
pee a lot and it's from Katherine who is
at marvelous underscore cat with a k on
Twitter and she has a little Etsy shop
called marvelous catastrophe dot X
e-comm cause she sent me this little
card and this is what she's made me it's
you as a keyring so I can have you on my
keys at all times how cute is that
oh that's so sweet and she sent you like
a little collared shirt and your
eyebrows me little brown eyes and your
hair and she wrote something like that's
so gay rights when you feel anxious and
Alfie can't be with you then I am with
you you're with me my keys say Thank You
cat thank you so much see what you see
in breakfast what we listening to
joy joy boy let pause it sex I can
explain
show them the tumblr post scroll up and
down happy little pill by Troy TRX ye
guys is just put it out on tumblr now
where the camera buckle Google like my
hand only my mouth on my face never day
he's just been out tumblr now so go
check it out on Troy's tumblr isn't it
just choice van tumblr calm yeah it is
make sure to check that out the song I
believe is it on Friday Friday the song
comes out on Friday you can download it
from iTunes so make Sean fight there
guys you guys are on it and download
that is sick I'm not just saying Sevilla
Troy I absolutely love this song yeah I
wanted to get number one play a little
bit louder
I don't even up am allowed to work do it
try finally dressed and everything guys
got my hair all messy plain white
t-shirt on some stripey boys my new
shoes which I'm wearing with socks just
was their new so I don't want to hurt my
feet in them my car is parked quite as
always so I'm going to go and show her
my car now and then I've got to drive a
lesson in 27 minutes so the next flip is
after my driving lesson driving less
than done now it is parcel time again
puzzle time with Elfie where he uses his
feet because he can't use two hands his
an apostle what is in here today what if
we got oh what an amazing present yes
okay this we're not gonna have a clue
what it is it's called a micro muff it
sounds a bit rude basically it's a tiny
little stick on something called a dead
cat which is like a bit of fluff deep
over a microphone normally like massive
over a big microphone but I bought like
a tiny little stick one so I can put on
this daily vlogging camera on the
microphone here you can hear that so
that I can use you when you're use you
not using you as a person using this
camera when I'm out and about like and
it's what
day so this I can stick on top of my
little vlogging camera and I can
hopefully will test it when I'm at the
beach or something one day I have got
from now it is ten minutes to 4:00 and
at five o'clock and meeting up with Zoe
but I don't know what I'm doing till
then I think I should film a new gaming
video I think that is what I need to do
also and he saw out yesterday's video
yesterday's Daily Log to go life which
you would have already seen by now
wonderful an accent when I vlog I don't
sound like this y'all I don't know I do
it so just walking on the marina now
this is bright and Marina guys never
seen it before
got some little boats up being here this
one's actually a restaurant that's a
Chinese restaurant I've never been there
it's like a boat restaurant have you
ever been let me know obviously we're
off to Nando's with Martin Morgan and
che over there hopefully it's not gonna
be too busy
oh no boy look at that queue man already
what bus
Oh then those why it is so popular I
don't want to queue oh well he'll be
worth it
foods here got wing roulette this is
basically like they're all different
temperatures and you've done a which
one's hot which one's extra hot which
one's lemon herb cheese very very scared
he's already isn't dishes on his hands
cuz he's sweating mines got a drink at
the ready signs go around more kids get
ready with the kitchen spin out why
don't you choose one I don't if I
explain it very well
racially they're all different
temperatures need to know which ones are
hottest which one's the coldest like
chilly temperature not temperature
cooking
have you ever heard the phrase boyfriend
no he's going for the top one you have
to eat all of it that's our little Ellen
her oh really
maybe not what's going on yeah sometimes
they got a deceiving kick you know or
this is fine and then it kicks you
please mind always gets extra hot it's
risky
eating it before your meal because if
you burn your mouth now you have to eat
all your food with a bat mouth today all
right who's right yeah yeah
please be
don't let go man
I'm drunk no no that is actually quite
hot and yes I've got a cart with my name
the huh yeah pretty a lot like next
level hot yeah pretty dapper yeah that
was looking loosen it now my eyes like
water Ellie
my lips are literally on fire
I also got cheeky corn on the cob never
ready to go for this and that always get
her new me is to left challenge Jai
gagn√©
do it for the vlog can't both at once
Isaac picking up Charlie's right now I'm
not going to do it as soon as the camera
comes out is doing that magic words if
this both like extra hot
it's enjoying it he's loving it
is it hot fine time for number two
they're hot please be hot I'm good vote
nah to get hot is it hot
you ain't it well
goodbye Nando's mean Steven Lilly bought
this the other day that's so sick what
do you do
do what you think know write what you
have to do is you have to have it down
here put them all down and you have to
flick it up and catch it on the spike
on that no one ever doing that God try
it anyway yes he said it the next time I
stop the recording oh my god literally
did it the tripod I was recording it
right one will go no pressure
I called it on too much pressure playing
Mario Kart on the TV all of us all
pressure I'm gonna mash these guys down
so bad well let's go okay oh you don't
know who though
guys I finished 8 ah no mine did you
come a7 damn it where did you come to a
Morgan Morgan came first
oh my god please don't worry guys
practice race practice warmer yeah
exactly that's what I'm saying
so I'm now back at Zoe's place I've got
some good news and I got some bad news
no good news I got a cat free sad
whilst in bed it little it also another
good news
wow this is it you're making a lot of
bad news is what is it that for last cap
reason is that what your bad news were
yeah there's some more good news and
more bad news oh oh that was a shot i
picture with the one that's gone oh that
was sharp you can point your finger as
are his room is like a sauna at
nighttime right now so fine so I had a
cold shower which as nice as you can see
by my amazing hair the bad news though I
have to have a nine o'clock tomorrow
morning after bf8 haha what idiot night
guys
I'm joking I'm not going to edit that
cuz everyone be like sorry I feel like
that's so horrible cause only an idiot
that's so horrible listen it yeah I'm
gonna show it you'll have to show the
cameras me I'm right here
everyone hello umm in every one of your
blog's I've made some sort of reference
to boobs all my daily vlogs I thought by
the way guys why you I'm looking down so
weird is because I'm trying to open a
capri-sun wonders wait I really really
want to drink it again you're gonna
permit so this whole vlog is in Talk cap
reasons and boobs so I feel like I
should say something today just to fix I
need to keep this true
what's doing that every day you know
you're going to say something to the
birds you're really going to commit to
that they already have okay without
knowing it
what's your comment on boobs today my
comment on boobs today is love your
boobs
no.9 women men as well noobs pecs pecs
or just nipples or just nips love your
nips okay
that's the question so you love your
nips Michael is tagged love your nips
Mike what and hashtag is IP Caprice the
purpose oh I peek a pre son
we are not sponsored Capri Sun Capri Sun
yes because I'm so happy I'm like a
breeze Sun and we're not sponsored by
the way guys everyone near comets is
like you guys getting paid to drink
these in your videos no I just love you
although somebody tweeted me a picture
Asda at the moment this isn't spots hood
as well as soul in the pack for two
pounds rom 3000 you ended up with four
in the first place you went to Tesco it
was on offer and you came back with like
full TCAP prison they were not offer
Asda on the night I'm gonna go to a
store tomorrow and buy 400 packs well
they'll find out tomorrow night guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it I hope you did enjoy today I
did so much added driver listen upload a
video Nando's
Mario Kart talking about nipples and I
didn't film app I thought it'd be quite
dangerous considering yeah oh yeah we
did do something secret together as well
but we're not allowed to talk about yet
super exciting tomorrow morning I've got
a meeting about the pointless project
oh no it's not baby apropos than any of
that guys you'll find out in the futures
nothing
a couple where they did ish okay those
born a weird face anyways I got meeting
about the points project tomorrow which
I'm so excited about to my last one and
then I can tell you guys pretty soon
Zoe's aloof looking super sexy
right this way I've been filming for
four minutes now well this is half a
daily walk well good night guys I love
you so much
I'm gonna sleep night guys why divert
the camera to my mouth I don't know
squeeze it we leave back oh yeah they're
good they're good on there great really
nice burgers because we got two burgers
we got eight sausages we got
