oh hey guys it is not the morning so not
good morning
it is currently 4:12 and someone else as
usual can see misleading myself outside
math fair so far today I have uploaded a
new video went up last night for you
guys it was an awesome video I did coke
I've got to meet so many of you like
good your houses and surprise you should
check that out if you haven't I'm
currently editing a Minecraft video so
that is also going up tonight which is
last night for you guys now as I just
said it is 4:13 I didn't really want to
vlog the rest of the day because I
didn't really do much or just all I did
a lot but not anything interesting for
you guys to watch so Wow
getting out of breath you get some drink
up and me get me hyper I'm getting
excited because I am going to pick my
car up that I bought the other day of my
mum now and yeah it's going to change it
but I got I haven't as I said still
haven't passed my driving licence yet I
haven't it's not that I'm bad at it it's
just that I've only have 3 lessons so
far and I think I need a good few more
till I pass I've got another one
tomorrow for 2 hours which I'm excited
about and I think after tomorrow's
lesson I've driven for eight hours now
it's 2 hours each lesson and the guy
said then I'm going to be good enough to
pass but but but but Brighton is so busy
and it is coming up to summer time or
the summer time or whatever and everyone
wants to learn to drive so I think
there's a 9 weeks waiting list to be
able to drive look that is a long time
so I don't know when I'm actually going
to pass but by getting my car now it's
not wasting my money it is basically
allowing me to practice driving more
like I can drive from Zoe next to me
because she's over 21 with 3 years of
driving experience I can drive my mom
well gloomy we've been with Steve with
Marcus with no me with Jim with Tanya
with Louise everyone my arm is aching
from holding this camera Oh
basically me mum and we're going to go
pick up my car now guys this youtuber
did anyone use to watch his name wasn't
Fergie fresh it used to be Krispy Kreme
I used to love his rap videos so
much did anyone else used to watch these
be here he ready and it was time for me
to be me best friend he's saying go and
save it go on is basically just like I
still don't know if it is an act or not
he's kind of like so funny that it
should be an act but I don't know if
it's just him I love this video so much
I said Mac I'm coming for you homie Tom
URI has y'all laughs I'm still waiting
for my mother and I'm cracking up so
hard up Bo Burnham
haha sorry man with only one eye
in a 3d movie hahaha he's singing a song
good sad from his show called what if
you guys don't know though Birnam is
please go check it out he is hilarious
I got like our guys here's like a tiny
little glimpse of it which have a little
test drive mum's driving me around
thanks mom it's a little Volkswagen and
yeah this is this is all I can show you
because we're in the car it's nice I'm
excited I just need to pass my test now
guys so that I can drive it by myself so
I've had to put my part and Misha way
from my flat because all around where I
live is like parking zone areas and
things and I haven't got my permit yet
Wow did he got run over but now I just
realized I got no food in my fridge so
just put me the Sainsbury's to get some
food for my dinner parcel time pass or
time opening up my past sores how can I
get that with one hand look get away get
away yeah yes my new light has come guys
let's have a look at it okay I don't
know what to do here guys I don't even
know what kind of pin that is that's not
like European is it American I don't
even know what 3p like that is this one
however could fit in that little hole
there
I've got like a oh I don't even know
what this is for is this for like my
bead raiser maybe this please please
please fit in let me put you down there
please please maybe yes right the light
is here now to turn it on let me see you
at any one turn it on Hey look at this
guy's as yellow in it as well so I can
make myself look more yellow a lot more
natural lighting I can turn it off I can
like proper edit or the lighting now
just using the lights not even
afterwards we've got this little guy so
I can put it on here so when I filled
with my gaming videos it can be next to
me give me proper good lighting yes I'm
so happy ok why I need to know going to
take all of this food that I just bought
and
put it in the fridge and cook it I got
myself some hot dog staff
let's make hot dogs burgers some salad e
stuff some sweet potatoes made sweet
potato chips I want to cook me and Zoey
dinner tonight I'm trying to call that
that she's an answer and so maybe she
sleep maybe she's eating maybe she's
working so I don't know once I get
through two I'll find out and then I can
cook dinner these are by far the best
chocolates in the world if you have them
where you live go buy some they're a
real tree makes me feel like a kid again
measure feel like I'm treating myself
like I've done something good happen
spent my money on chocolate bit of a
change of plan guys it is currently half
but quarter to 11:00 at night and I've
already turned the slide off I have
barely filmed any oh well that was good
now you can't see me anyways i fairly
filmed anything of today I am so sorry
but I am about to go to Zoey's now with
all this food the devil earlier and cook
both of us dinner so let's go and do
that I'm a Zoe's now guys and this is
what I bought it I bought some spinach
about some burgers aboard some sausages
are born I poured some some Tour cheese
I bought some Smarties just for you so a
cousin II like them some things that we
feed your guinea pig what we can eat
them but in the morning I bought some
panel Chocolat
and I also bought some normal persons
with s4
kind of show Clara croissants oh that's
good
so we can cut them in the morning for
breakfast and there for breakfast we've
got eight croissants for breakfast and
then I've got some sweet potato to jump
up in the fries look fill this bread
fill our squidgy this is I did the
squidge test when I was in to where
Atlanta - yep
when I was in Sainsbury's awzai I'm not
going to buy them beforehand squeeze
them so I pretending to lean on the side
of the bread thing I've pretended to
lean on the side of the bread thing
while squeezing them to make sure they
were nice and fresh enough squeeze em we
leave back oh yeah they're good they're
good on there great really nice burgers
because we've got two burgers we've got
eight sausages we've got loads of
sausage things there
oh and somebody's ripping I want a pair
for triple cookin smart eh oh and some
sausages as well I don't give you our
pieces too - yeah I'm more than one
burger let's get cooking brat grill
let's get the grill on yup off camera
okay sorry so how do we undo this no
tell me come on I eat yup
how do we do this so I've already got
timber are you ready get on thank you
and this well guys look how late it is
and I'm just cooking my dinner and then
number three yeah and then you will kind
of heat at well let that get heated and
then these burgers take 24 to 26 minutes
we're going to put those on for 10
minutes then we're going to join the
sausages in for another 15 so they're
both done at the same time these also
take 25 minutes
how you wanna do those in the grills on
ah have you got another oven no that's
my any oven can you cut these joking
juicing them well no in the pan oh maybe
I dunno how to fry them now you can find
them if you cut them you can fry a you
can eat more estate agents or tighten
and fry them what's that when you like I
think no palm oil I can't move on its
coat in short age that thing iron my
broccoli the other day in that
restaurant
yeah it's parboil so you like half boil
them then you fry them so if you cut
them into slices this sounds complicated
lot more oil then
and then you can like fry them maybe
because they're now kind of cooked still
they're not gonna be crepes my mum's got
two ovens that's what we need Zoey Oh
Shogun knock on the neighbors and see I
can use that often sleep all right we're
gonna have to work out some way I think
I'm just going to fire them straight up
no you need I'll boil them first then
fire them okay guys we've decided that
we want a cookie whilst we're cooking I
think that's fair there is for cookies
we'll have one each now and then one
each afters are put in yeah there's the
starter and a pudding oh I want a whole
one now it won't I'm trust me I'm hungry
are using that to get them out yeah mmm
try that I'm not waiting to feed you
here like a baby bird here you go
no no out my mouth that's why you look
at it I'm still waiting mmm mmm so good
okay right now but wait little bit guys
guys I'm using my little foot thin that
I got in the other days video oh yeah
this is like real life
fruit ninja just cutting up some big
circular chippy Yas
oh yeah yeah I know drop them all over
the place got some more to put in Zoey
doesn't actually like sweet potato fries
so these are just mine and you know what
doesn't matter for washing my hands all
I need that one doesn't matter if I wash
my hands or not because I'm boiling them
and so he's playing with the guinea pigs
over here how are they doing what are
they saying hi they think I'm feeding
them properly they're gonna run
downstairs they know that they get fed
downstairs so they come straight down hi
little baby
haha they don't look too good so far
guys but they have only been on for like
seven minutes and they need to run for
25 on a rail
I don't think up I don't know if you're
allowed to shut it on a grill because
whenever I make using toast
it's on fire or the other day when I
speak my sausages they set on fire and I
just snap chat to help me cook them also
if you want to have me on snapchat guys
perfect opportunity it's Alfie deyes
guys it sounds like it's all set maybe I
okay move it down a notch definitely
move it down y'all I drop the camera
because all right and why they drip in
fat coming out oh my god that looks
disgusting it's literally done a poo
burgers was meant to be nice
time for the sausages to also go in so
how many do you want you just look like
yes okay you have one sausage okay I'm
going to have three sausages is that a
lot at Jaipur I have four sausages why
do they come drink together four and I
got dirty hands should I wash them one
two three four
there we go guys I don't think this is
working too well this method was not the
best also drinking another Caffrey son
dinner is done guys okay so I've got
four sausages these which I don't know
if they're going to taste good you know
I covered very Nando's peri-peri so they
are going to be really spicy and good or
bad mmm quite good actually
you don't get good that you boiled them
a bit first yeah cheese about that
tomato and thanks for tell me to buy
them firstly at one okay misery's got
big old burger as well midnight snack
nearly oh yeah
half past eleven now we need to go and
eat them we're never gonna sleep this
off this is a big old bed I just had a
capri-sun
20 grams of sugar how is it have you hit
burger yet no button so big
you look blue from your laptop screen
you look like an avatar um daddy dubber
guy guys I'm getting full up and I'm not
even helping through my bag I let alone
my sausages hold you how much he thanked
me so getting more than maize
I can't this guy's so sy Oh rotten
because I drunk Bennett cookie junk to
cap with sunshine a cookie beforehand
Zoe's read in the comments on my new
vlog and replying to some of them Bobby
did I'm so tired I don't just yet so he
told me to keep my hair like this for
the end of the video I don't trust you I
was reading it looks cute it's like
Messi I don't trust you I like kids yeah
you can all my camera crew my camera
woman ok thanks watching the day guys I
didn't really feel much of this morning
because I was just super busy editing
and stuff me too I was filming a video
oh yeah yeah did you film I was filming
my makeup collection storage so sorry
that people can get excited for that if
they want yeah I know it
you guys watching that one were you uh
yeah well you don't make me watch it
before guys up you don't watch any I
want all your videos and I loved your
last one that was a good one in that
last video of you what was my last video
your last one that was really good and
get a thumbs up if you enjoyed it my
last video you don't need to ask me a
lot from the so go do you know what was
it then
okay that's a test that it she's testing
you guys obviously I know what it is
coming down below what her last video
was not being a cop and tell me what my
last video was one minute then would you
quit no all right let me actually think
okay like actually your last video you
didn't upload the sweet show by the week
before
what that's two weeks ago no it's still
my last video hell with it being healthy
and going out on the bike and stuff what
was it cool oh it was it that one yeah
yes good boyfriend happy fun times I'll
be on your head Scott hahahaha thumbnail
it's for guys we're never gonna get to
sleep our way yeah they are can you
obviously they're not dirty okay give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
bye guys good night sleep well sleep
tight bye look see they work or jubblies
told you something else
poison chop early in your terms then
boobies no they're not
you
