that was the longest Ranger then you
love it when you have to get the train
early in the morning by yourself and you
can get y'all headphones oh my god I
don't even have time to do my hair today
guys is so so messy just got to London
Bridge now I've got a meeting today for
the pointless project but you guys will
find out that soon and but I'm tending
now to go get a coffee because I'm a
tiny bit early and I'm waiting for my
taxi driver and this little coffee place
down here that is like my favourites if
you live in London they're not the
bridge I'm very very very highly advised
this place I'll show you why I just feel
that I don't have time guys my taxis lit
three minutes away my driver and it's
all the way down that road down there
I'll try and go another time and show
you guys it's basically like a shop that
specializes in coffee and hot chocolate
but like really really really properly
made and they're like mashing stirring
machines and it's amazing but for now
hums can have to help Starbucks I'm just
outside my meeting now finishing up my
Starbucks before I go in and I just had
a Starbucks breakfast as well which was
good so never really eat breakfast
I don't know I'm going to do for the
rest of the day off to in stone because
I don't really know that many people in
London so I finished this meeting in
probably about two hours from now
women's that can be very treacherous
throat
haha
yes so it's gonna have to take it tears
it goes I'm not even making sense it's
too early it is like what's the time are
maybe not it's half past 11 I woke up
too early will blame on waking up early
instead yeah so I'm going to head into
this meeting now and I'll catch you guys
on the flipside Liberty jung-soo
haven't even done my hair I come at the
meeting got gel in my bag
but I haven't decided to put it in my
hair just trying to find out how to get
back to Brighton from here so I don't
normally get this train wow there's a 10
million different boards look at all
these different timetables how am I
meant to know which one goes to brighten
up that corner ok 57
in 30 seconds on it's not ten minutes
perfect ten minutes
black one 501 to six good thank you
have they got an Alfie
that is the question Kamal Kamal my name
might have to be Victoria today thank
you
Nate Laura bestie love
pictures go for a loved
on a fighting outfit there is the boy
there is I'm weird one of my favorite
things are getting the train a set from
getting it by yourself which sucks but
my favorite thing is watching other
people try and make you onto the train
like when people in full suits and like
loads of bag is this horrible of me my
bad person for liking it when you see
like a full-blown MS businessman like he
is serious he is a businessman and he is
powerful and then you see him like
trying to like casually run slash power
walk to catch his train and I'm I find
it so funny because all these men are so
like oh yeah so I'm professional
professional man and then they'll be
like trying to look professional while
running for the train right and I
formerly just me guys
I just went to Brighton station now
finally finished all my stuff for today
my meetings it was so good that I can't
even describe how good the meeting when
I am basically the pointless project
that I've been talking about guys or
until my check out on the net I got it I
got it
oh it's going to be absolutely insane
I think I'm off now quickly nipping back
to Zoe's to drop map drop off and then I
was looking at me strange why is that
boy talking to a camera and then I'm
going or she's looking at me and then
I'm going to go and have dinner with my
sister her boyfriend my cousin and her
boyfriend as well so that we could I get
to see my cousin too often because she
lives like in London or Oxford or
something like that that doesn't matter
I'm back at Zoe's now guys and I'm kind
of a bit obsessed with the Capri Suns
about the other day I have had eight
yesterday was it yesterday my day before
yesterday eight yesterday I had about
three or four and so far since being
back about 10 minutes I've had two or in
three I've already had three and we've
just calculated
well not calculated we looked in the
back and there was 20 grams of sugar in
each one face you know how much that is
guys Zoe's measuring out now and little
bit on there this is how much sugar is
in one cap is in one country son
that's disgusting like that's the skies
yes dad yes I'm not fond of you could
have got patches on my so he's got some
spot pastors on show them then let me
show you them them but what let what is
that it's supper I'm gonna testing is
supposed to get rid of spots that's cool
Oh anyways I don't care I'm not waiting
this should go and putting it back if I
can I want another one already
they're so tasty anymore after thing how
much sugar I'm gonna buy so I'm gonna
stop freezing them magic notes then I
won't be able to drink it with a straw
unless I just cut the thing off Annette
it's an ice cube you know those um what
are those ice lollies that were like
triangles they were cool remember you'd
be like a massive version of one of them
remember knowledgeably or job Lee or
some horrible
you see couple hold I'm gonna google it
one minute
look see they work or jubblies told you
something else
reason choppa Lee in your terms then
boobies no they're not oh no Jeff please
you never heard you say that to me
before you know Zoey's a silly one and
just got a balloon stuck up there on the
ceiling you anything right you try and
get it first
be careful nearly nearly got their tire
Tyler leaving y'all balloons up in here
yo pop it listen here you know I don't
want you helium it quick don't try this
at home kids
hey no it doesn't really do much do it
you do it you do it I don't like it like
it go just do it no you got it dude yeah
you have to properly breathe in and
swallow air you'd say yes are you
chewing it what are you doing I don't
know if it's gonna make much difference
the boys you're doing anything damn it
hey boys how you doing hey little man
hey buddy how are you
are you the win bye boys I'm going out
for dinner now I'm in the scariest hour
lift again guys just left so ease now
she is staying at home tonight because
she is working on loaders load loads of
blog posts on you guys but I'm now gonna
happen in that as I said earlier with my
sister my boyfriend my cousin and oh my
god the door stop moving by itself and
her boyfriend I'm gonna be fifth
wheeling didn't think about this could
be quite awkward I just run my cousin
see where she is and she said near the
cupcake shop
there's quite a few of those in Brighton
so it might be a struggle to find to
ever or say I don't really know what to
say you guys did really feel much today
did I feel really really bad basically
because I couldn't share what happened
in the meeting even though I'm just
telling you now how exciting yours I
know you guys are going to find out soon
early next month you're going to find
out all that I've been doing and what
I've been talking about by this point
this project and trust me I promise you
it will be worth but it's not at all
it's bigger than that it's bigger than
like anything I've ever done before it's
not merchandise it's even bigger than
that like it is so so exciting but I
feel bad that I didn't really blog much
I didn't Brooke the mill just then
because I didn't really want to stick my
camera in my cousin's face so then if
she'd want to be on video or her
boyfriend my sister and a boyfriend
don't mind but there was like more than
that at the mirror those like all six of
us knows not cx-5 off the fifth wheel so
what I'm going to do now is I'm going to
go on Twitter now and tweet asking for
some questions and do like a little
would you rather or Q&A kind of thing
now to end this vlog up okay question
number one and an O in a no way you've
got that surname Anna if there wasn't is
your a helicopter
there's a helicopter outside okay sorry
about that audio if there was an
apocalypse which youtuber would you want
to help save you and why I am 100%
without a doubt saying Louie Cole
because he is like a real-life Tarzan
like he would know what to do do you
find it orchid filmed in public from I
don't even know how to pronounce your
name I'm sorry do I find it awkward I
don't find it awkward in some places
like Brighton where I know people aren't
even going to second guess because it's
so quirky and a lot of people do weird
stuff like talk to a camera things like
that when I'm like walking around in
London maybe where it's like all
business people then it can be a little
bit awkward because nobody knows what
you're doing and they will stare at you
and they're like what we do it and point
at you and stop but it's fine I'm used
to it by now do you like girls better in
sweats or all dressed up now obviously
it is nice to see a girl dressed up and
like
all really made up because she feels
really confident and is really really
nice as well like it's good to look at
but I honestly honestly honestly prefer
a go in sweat like comfy trousers pajama
t-shirt really really comfy it's like
laying on the sofa or watching the movie
and eating snacks that is when girls
look their best
who is your male celebrity crush it is
definitely without a doubt I was
literally just watching on the TV a
second ago is karl Pilkington
mase haven't a bit odd I don't know I
just love his personality so much karl
Pilkington is that the funniest person
on TV I honestly think if you were going
to autograph by anyone who would it be
and that is from Jesse fruit 66
definitely without a doubt ever Watson
you guys know how obsessed I'm with her
and I just want to meet her that is all
one more question scrolling down
scrolling down scrolling down you build
a little bit below what sheep come when
they can't sleep I don't know that is a
way question what does sheep count when
they can't sleep humans humans jumping
that is not a count our summer sartorial
of me Oh guess they'll guess lac xao
fief amber has done a drawing of me that
is so awesome okay guys that is end of
this video sorry that it has been again
just another random day as I said before
sometimes I have super productive busy
days which have been today but it means
that you get to see less and sometimes I
have more hanging out chilling days with
friends that you guys get to see more
like tomorrow means are we going to film
some Sims I'm gonna go get my car with
my mom
what else am i doing tomorrow maybe even
gonna play golf so I don't know I will
see you tomorrow thanks watching this
video guys if you did enjoy it as always
remember to click the thumbs up button
that means a lot and I will see you
tomorrow see you later guys I know I've
ended the video guys but I just thought
I would show you what I'm getting
quickly once to Missouri's house or get
a bed
out get out also Zoe told me not to film
her but she's having one as well where
have you put it where have you put it I
put it back in the fridge no you haven't
I'm gonna go in the clear see ya it's in
your bedroom
oh let's see so even in your bed and you
got another one it's 20 grams of sugar
guys know if we stop drinking them says
the one who's drinking them all last one
I like I don't like the orange ones or
the black I love all of them on chefs
right I'm going back to bed guys I don't
know why she's back to bed
I'm going to bed goodnight guys and in
the vlog again because I kind of just
realized something even worse guys my
addiction is growing even stronger that
I just drank Zoe's drink by accident so
I'm now drinking my orange one after
dude of course I put it in the bin I
didn't mean to after that so I know me
for having it and then you drank my now
about 80 grams of sugar your addiction
is real also now there's no favours left
but I like 40 grams of sugar before
bedtime now guys notice on my feet
