hey guys they got a bit of a different
video basically I'm teaming up with coke
because they've got a campaign on like
it was last year but this year again
could share a coke and that is basically
you all would have seen it where they
put names of people on the cokes and
this year they've got over 1,000 names
on their bottles of coke so the aim of
this video they've challenged me to meet
as many of you guys as I can in one day
and share a coke with you
it's awesome because they've given me
the opportunity to meet loads of you
here are some of your names obviously
this well that's just myself isn't it
we've got someone called Devon our
meeting today some could Ashley so
called Houser
bestie I'm just going to try and find
somebody random in the street that
watches my videos and give this to them
because then they could be my new best
friend and then I just got a normal
bottle of coke as well which actually
has Holly on NKC bump into a Holly so me
and NAT over here hey that's my driver
for today she's helping making it all
happen their chauffeur we're going to be
driving around and coming to some of
your guys houses I tweeted the other day
asking you guys to send me your address
in an email if you lived locally to me
and I'm going to come and visit some of
you and we can share a moment together
some birds will fly away they love it
when you get the wrong house guys I
finally found their house after knocking
and filming some random stranger here is
your coke thank you so much and some a
hug as well ah how you guys doing
thank you yeah have you had a nice day
it's such nice weather outside look at
their kitchen not only did I get to
share a moment with them too which we
like super cute galas they're so so
sweet and really happy to see me which
is lovely but I also got to have an
awesome time with that cat their kitchen
was so cute it doesn't have a name yet
their thing I call it IVA City Auto be
comment down below which one you think
wha I can hear people already I'm gonna
eat an alive oh oh it's nice how are you
doing uh three of you dogs were black
match like me yeah
Hey okay so I'm with Lauren Mira Milly
and they emailed me saying that we can
make pancakes but they've already made
them rigid but the taste test
that's what we need to go yeah yeah who
made them yeah pressure on you everyday
don't equate but I can't wanna play I
have ever seen you could just wear like
this cap me up my way
I'm sure
and these guys were like a last minute
add-on surprise visit so I've only got
one bottle for all of them to share and
they only said bestie on it so I haven't
got your names on it sorry girls you can
all share this though those girls were
so sweet and then awesome dog they're
dogs if you like tap your legs would
jump really really high I've got to eat
pancakes and sure cook if there is so
much fun and now we're off to go and see
is it Devin Devin this is where this
game
hello hey how are you doing oh no dog
hey are you doing I got this made and
with her name on it there you go
you know that you guys can share it if
you want because there's only one what's
your name as well Rhiannon and Evan and
their lovely Martin drove her for like
how long did you try for and entitle her
and back for you guys three hours for
her to be here now to meet me that is so
crazy
thank you so much
this is so much fun meeting so many of
you guys it is also because I never get
to do stuff like this like being
challenged to meet you guys in a videos
like the best thing possible they've
hidden I've got to go find ironic
shaking up work for your name's pop sir
Aneesa Charlie so they tried to make me
a cake
Harley oh that's not fail but that's so
good it sounds awkward right I don't
quite think that's red it was that not
hot
yeah and then you turned up that's good
can we try it yes good should we just
try it yeah yeah you've made me okay
I've also got this to show of you as
well awesome there you go custom coke
bottle with your name on it you guys
have to eat this as well boy he boys in
there and I'm the only one you and a
half job
come on you have fun as well oh it's not
as boring so okay you can have some yeah
they can oh yeah oh yeah there's a
secret that they haven't told you you
know is Linton a living button just
lives in Wakefield in Yorkshire and you
came down just by then
no way let's do kidding other than a
half hours on the coach Shepherd and a
half and I hope this is worth it yeah
thanks so much for the cake gals is
really really nice
see see you on the computer screen I'm
gonna walk in at the door that was crazy
those people had made me a heart-shaped
cake with an A on it which tasted
delicious even though they said it
didn't it did I'm being honest it was
really really good sponge cake and they
had in fact traveled all the way from
Leeds they weren't even from Brighton
that was just somebody's house who they
know who lives near Brighton and they
had a seven and a half hour coach
journey this morning to get here
that is insane I want to be lost in
transit find love in a different
language
who knows who at me on my way
I'm sure Polly's mums excited cold drink
a drink
Oh sir water amazed it what ice yeah hey
how are you doing
it's nice to meet ya me at oh I got you
this to share with you thank you says
your name on it huh
your mama's getting me a drink a cookie
as well you've got the best mouth not as
good as my mom obviously sorry mom sorry
I'm getting introduced to the family's
animals we've got a mish down here
oh he's run away from me hey how are you
speedy we got another one over here
who's this Zeus hey man before you
become another card in that working
machine
Smiley's
and I'm back in my flat that was so much
fun getting to hang out with so many of
you guys today that took longer than
what I thought yes was that long Natalie
was like drive around everywhere every
single house seems to be like half an
hour away from the other one thanks for
driving me around you're the best but
also I want to give something nice to
you guys because I didn't get to meet
all of you some of you don't live close
to me so I'm going to give away another
ten cokes to some of you guys who didn't
get to meet me so if you want to cope
with your name on it from me then all
you have to do is email me the email
address is the link down below in
description not a link but it's in the
description email that email address
with your name and your postcode and
your address details all of that stuff
and we might send you a code the sheriff
clothes campaign isn't just me but it is
in fact much more than that they are
going to five cities board masters and V
Festival and of course guy is the
easiest thing to do with the share code
campaign that I'm going to be doing I
did last year and I'm going to be still
be doing it this year is that if you see
a pope with your friend's name on it buy
it for them Instagram it snapchat that
tweet that face for that anything if you
see it with my name on it then I want
you to be doing the same tag official
marriage scam with a picture of a coke
and yourself saying Alfie and I'll try
and like like the comet gnome general
you can visit one of the share of cook
pods that are going around the UK to
pick up a cook Buttle personalized of
your name on there I'm going to go there
and get one made with my grandma because
I know that she loves cooking Cola and
she would like that and that is it for
this video guys thanks so much the guys
over at Coke but hooking me up with some
coke bottles customized for my viewers
allow me to travel to go meet all of you
guys this was like the best video ever
coke you're awesome thanks for hooking
me up and if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
with a new daily vlog bye guys Oh
oh my god buddy you'll having that in
your nose mouth boy having know who your
local
