morning guys I feel a little bit naked
men's area just in bed but look at this
from yesterday's video this was the top
comment I just tweeted that it reads hit
it Zoey I think I'm getting ahead of
myself I'm a fun girl senseless sitting
in but he's ready yes he is filming a
video he knows people all love I
automatically think bow see he didn't
show Zoey all video maybe she maybe he's
hiding something
nothing the principal didn't want to
show the ring because they are waiting
for a special video oh my god is this
true guys is it true are you sure me
your hands no no it's not true no
proposal guys no proposal
it is currently hot bus one we're still
in bed I'm not like still in bed I'm
just well I'm still in bed I went out I
got back at quarter past four last night
so quarter past try to park what a pass
what a pass poor but I need to go to
town now it's hot bus 1 and town closes
it like two or three on a Sunday so I
need to go real quick Zoe bought me a
little man candle for my flat from
thread
it's sandalwood and musk let's have a
look don't at all oh wow that does look
quite manly I like it now for the smell
test manly smell it smells good wait let
me lift up this a little bit
yeah that's most good isn't it weird
that I probably like the little bag just
as much as the candle itself I think
that's so cool for a little candle bag
yeah I'm weird though his lift is so oh
it feels like it's gonna break any
second my lips really listen poor
writing has some crazy artwork guys
check this out all Asuka Fiji hair is so
awesome
all in the lanes if you live in Brighton
any come and visit Viton you have to
come to the lanes it's like what all the
cool quirky shops are like really
independent shops as well as like as a
nicer a little bit hipstery but not
really check that out what's your
Twitter man at Morgan M James check it
out this is my dream car with a little
dog in it out hallo man Hey look how
nice that is guys Wow major road trip
and in that Louis man if you're watching
by me one of them and drive me around I
want to get some new shoes are quite
like these ones but it also like these I
think they're quite quirky they're not
to go for maybe I'll just go for both I
do need some issues also guys these hats
here but these guys everyone is rocking
them what your opinions
are we saying the good oh we know let me
know I just bumped into Liz and Julia
who I'm in it alone
show me the picture they've got a
picture of me with them in Italy that's
so good
back at my flat now finally after buying
more stuff than what I wanted to buy put
it that way I always buy the most stuff
when I want to spend no money but that's
just how it is and can't change that I
got their shoes no no lady
oh my god we're not engaged what do you
think of these I don't know which one
these I bought two pairs do you think
they're cool yeah do you like that and
now let's see if she likes this is
important if your girlfriend likes your
shoes or not or your clothes this one
wasn't my sister but she likes them yeah
I like them too like someone's flight
paint on them
Oh hopefully a bit nicer than the spy
do you like them and then once but I
knew I've not seen these before
yeah exactly I think they're both night
and then I got some clothes as well I
also of course go to Nando's I didn't
know Nando's did choco-chip already but
the ice creams in the freezer and they
go who used to meet these bought this
the other day when you look like my
beaner and stuffing to make like little
kids volumes or I used to when I was a
little kid okay anyways back to showing
Zoey
right I also got this I haven't tried it
on it's a small because you always say
that I wear too big cloves hey do you
like it yeah
just so will he jump up even though it
might be a bit hot today for that then I
got this t-shirt oh I didn't know I had
something on the back Oh turn around
look at the front I like the front
Oh
see II might have to take that one back
we can just see what it looks so when
it's on when it's across my ripped back
I mean because I definitely like this
one's also this one yeah no that's by in
the Sony small I just like different
color sleeves this one is also uh
something on the back but I didn't know
about him but I just thought man it
doesn't matter look what it says in the
pack
obviously my flat at the moment as you
guys may know from videos cuz it's know
everything in it is just like empty no
there's nothing in here so I've got
these two social photography to like
learn how to do like good like color
correction and Instagram then I also got
really pissed if you want to take great
photos I think that it's like how to
take good photos and stuff yeah so go
pay for them just on the side light in
the front room so people when they're
over learn how to take good pictures and
what I get I got these for you Zoe
didn't I for what which I am just
downloading like all the expansion packs
always just buying all the expansion
packs that we haven't got yet if you
guys didn't know means I we have a sims
3 series on my gaming channel and we
uploaded yeah it's about to get proper
serious guy Zoe last night watched more
than hours if that's even possible
probably about 4 hours of this girl
what's her name like am I good basically
a lot of people say that me and her we
don't really know what we're losing yeah
which is more redundant because we
mostly just play it like for fun we yet
have strategies or anything and there's
a lot of things in the Sims that most
people don't know about because you kind
of explore it yourself when you watch
someone else doing it you're like oh
that's what that does and that's what
happens when that happens it's it's
mind-blowing
basically our Sims series is about to
get real I got this color how nice is
that blue for me so every Sims episode
but both the new we're not own color
headphones and then in case there's a
guest that ever comes in oh dropped it
on the floor
ok so guest ever know those are the
breaking I got them like a nice gray
color yeah and I've got
myself but I'm going to stop wearing
them I'm just gonna buy the blue ones
and you're gonna wear the purple ones
yeah I'm so hot
I probably look really disgusting and
sweaty it's so humid in Brighton wait
yeah okay so we can eat some Nando's now
and then we're gonna buy all the Sims
expansion packs and our Sims episodes
are gonna be amazing so if you want to
watch all that Sims episodes if you're
not up to date I'll leave the playlist
link down below and you guys can check
that yeah
zoey is getting upset with me why no
what are you doing
basically we've downloaded loads more
expansion packs I just want to check my
work
no because they work their only
expansion fully installed and we just
downloaded loads of extra haircuts and
houses and everything like that like
seater selfie right I know I do and they
just got to deal with that I know my dad
you've noticed I lit teach like a mess
like yes oh my god no you go ahead that
was cold and I get but basically we're
recording Sims just off to my new main
channel videos gone life that went up
yesterday so we're gonna start recording
it at like half past seven Zoe won't way
it's come on ten minutes to 6:00
no she won't what oh yeah by accident
sorry yeah cuz you won't wait it is
currently what's the time though guess
you know damn thing 17:52 yes even
closer even closer to the time that we
start recording and I think part of the
whole series is the excitement of
finding out things that somebody is too
excited to wait aren't you show them
show them a fishwife face I did it
yesterday in real life by accident so he
did it and I was like cry laughing
issues like what did I do and then I got
the picture of the girl like
we're just I'm so hot yeah that's why
they're in the bathtub now you got wet
swamp feet from that place do they
actually smell smell like swamp ah ha ha
girl we're about to record some new Sims
videos we bought every single stop it
move what I'm going to call this video
bitch wah and having the thunders menu
light go on the picture now yeah we
bought literally every single expansion
pack for The Sims 3 you could possibly
have so that your videos a bit better
yeah we finished filming one Sims
episode now and it went so well like I
love filming The Sims I because when we
do it's just super hard to make time to
do it like how long did that take up
today we started downloading those
expansion packs at like 4:00 exactly
it's a ten yeah it's taking like six
hours so far we've only from one one
episode but we're gonna film like two or
three more tonight so remember guys
every Monday and Friday new Sims episode
we're going on Zoey's apps right now and
we're going to try and watch the securly
Jolie's you
Ciccone Joleen no that's mr. Kuney
Jolie's on the TV we want to catch up
with the newest one yes weird some every
single day togetherness a little a lot
of fun if you don't know them check them
out
Sakuni Jolie's hey Jolie's or though I'm
sure he did because it's like 2 or 3
days ago I went kayaking with them and
stuff so I think I'm gonna end up up
here because we're just gonna order a
Chinese takeaway get some food because
we haven't had dinner yet
and then I've got to edit another video
and then I'm all good then I can go to
sleep because I've got to be up super
early yeah then I've got to be up super
early tomorrow to go to a meeting in
London but obviously you guys are going
to be coming with me because I'm daily
vlogging yo so we are gonna think about
getting some food no we're not anything
we are gonna hope you're not just
thinking I'm hungry
we also found a place that delivers
breakfast wait let me mute my TV really
we need to pause it there we go and then
we're gonna film more Sims I'm gonna
cover Sims and then we're gonna go to
bed and then I got early tomorrow but
you'll see that I'm a videos March so
don't you guys give me a thumbs up click
that thumb this one picot bye guys
I'm halfway through shaving and I have
heart a being straight down the middle
so on this side of like hey I'm a 15
year old boy this side of mine hey yo
man I mainly
