morning guys as you can tell I am back
at my flat now I slept as always last
night but then I just came over here
this morning but I haven't yeah
breakfast wait what's the time the time
is all my ovens wrong but oven says it's
201 in the morning 11:53 and i still
haven't had breakfast Wow you ready to
see what's in my fridge
literally nothing this is the struggle
we've living by yourselves guys but you
think it's all good and I'm like yes I'm
finally going to be a grown-up and live
by myself without my parents and then I
kind of just have pesto and jam more
pesto butter mmm I dispose like a dozen
stories for breakfast rhubarb is that
robot be true even I don't even like be
true some cheese and a beer some eggs
some milk some cold water maybe some
more vegetables and fruit what the hell
am I meant to make for breakfast what
even is their switchboard that but some
admit that I didn't even know I had that
okay so I got drunk and drop something
now for breakfast I suppose I could have
some cereal if I've got any where's my
cereal gone huh cereal where are you
have I eaten it all hmm I've got this
stuff left
that's good cereal but I wanted my
mother Siri almost of eating it all oh
damn it do any of you guys drink miso
soup this is like the best thing ever
I love this so much although coffee is
still really good and so is tea it's
just another hot drink that you guys may
not ride that is amazing and today just
got you before meant for breakfast now
today I am let me go sit down to tell
you this because there's a bit of a long
one I'd rather lay down what today I am
filming a very very special video and
you guys are going to see kind of the
behind the scenes of it but you're not
going to see the actual video for
or maybe like five days or something
it's going up here on this channel on my
second youtube channel probably going up
on about Tuesday or something like that
so keep an eye out for it so could have
a new campaign at the moment which is
all about sharing a coke as you saw last
year they have like the names of people
on the bottles last year I think they
had a couple of hundred this year
they've got a thousand names as well as
like jokey names nicknames that's the
one nicknames so they've got things like
sis mum dad best friend and things like
that so what they've done with me is
we've teamed up and they're giving me
the opportunity to meet some of you guys
so I'm not going to give away too much
I'm basically surprise meeting some of
you guys and giving you a coat with your
name on it like custom-made for you how
sick is that but I can't tell you or
show you too much of it obviously
because it over in the video coming up
on Tuesday but basically today is going
to be a bit of a weird daily vlog
because I'm going to be filming another
video but you're not allowed to see too
much of that video I don't even know
also tonight I might be if I have time
because I've got to edit a video
tomorrow so I'm not sure if I can but
Felix and Marcia want to hang out so we
may be watching means I may go over to
Pete Weis place and watch some horror
films with him which would be cool yeah
I suppose it's just one of those days we
just got to see what happens if it turns
out good that turns out good hopefully
it will because otherwise you're
watching a video and it won't be good
I'll make it good you know when you've
got empty impact the dishwasher why is
that thing it's just the most boring
chore of all I would rather Hoover the
place then just have to pack my
dishwasher oh this is horrible
am I the only one that is happy to just
sit and watch cartoons on the sofa for
like hours and hours
I still watch Spongebob is that bad
I don't know whilst I sit watching
spongebob or Patrick with an ice cream
cone on his head I'm actually waiting
for my friend to come and help me film
the coke video and so I guess you're
going to meet her today her name is
Natalie you might have met her
previously in ROG's actually she helps
me out with some of the YouTube
stuff I do just helps me film some stuff
on Annie there or for example today
she's helping me by like driving me
around to the different people's houses
to me which is called but hopefully
she'll be running late so I want to
watch more this I like this also I never
knew I had so many birds outside my flat
right let me meet the TV can you hear
that there's so many little bets comment
down below if you know which bad that is
I want to know is it weird guys that
watching this is making me wanna pet
jellyfish
how cool would that be no don't do that
to him no oh ok there is I didn't get be
so cool that imagine if I like a
jellyfish tank in my frame in my fridge
haha in my flat lot over there or
something if I like a thing or somewhere
full of jellyfish can you even get that
I don't even know if you're allowed that
in this country no yes he's keeping it
is his pet now look it's on a string
this is why I want a jellyfish jellyfish
dance parties yeah oh ah here we go
yeah do I get jellyfish I'm watching the
cutest edit that a viewers made of the
saucony Jolie's they just weeded out
it is so sweet
I love it when people make edits and be
like the best moment there's nothing
better oh let me put it boys this
doesn't pause there's nothing better
than watching a video of all your best
moments like I searched pointlessblog a
search like you hear youtubers and stuff
like that and just watch videos all the
time that you guys make of all of us and
like it's crazy looking back all the
memories it's like having well it is
it's a video diary as consider it's like
having a diary that's in video form but
it is and when you guys put like
compilations of all our best moments and
things it is crazy to look back on like
what we've done and what we've been
through and how much we've changed like
if you're looking back at my first
videos I literally look like a fetus
like is crazy where I am I'm like 15 and
now I'm 20 I've been doing YouTube
what's the date at the moment at the
19th today I think it's the 27th or the
26th of July my youtube channel be five
years old and I don't know what to do to
celebrate being on YouTube for five
years and we have to do something cool
so you guys comment down below now what
you think I should do to celebrate being
on YouTube for five years not a video
all my gosh I needed kicked over this
glass of water not a video but just
something like something that I can do
in the day something maybe like going
for a nice meal or who's ringing me or
Natalie's ringing me okay yeah right you
guys come and down below with that now
another parcels just arrived for me I'm
going to try and open it with one hand
all right I'm going to use my feet as
well hope never break whatever's in here
yes number one I'll show you what that
is in a minute and number two even more
important is this guy's my new camera
let's see it lets see it how am I going
to hold this one
when the cameras arrived so the camera
that I'm using right now does look very
similar it's called an s-1 10 this one
is an s-1 20 so it's just the newer
version so these daily little videos
that I'm going to be doing are going to
be even better quality now and the first
little thing that got in the first
package is this it's a little tripod
let's go sits in the bottom of your
camera so I can use it like this look
how cool that is so when I'm filming
this little daily vlogs and I want to
sit someone to get a nice shot it's got
a little tripod and then the tripod or
wrong way folds away like that look how
cool that is now for the real test
though I need to test the quality on
this guy so the next clip you're going
to see and hopefully the rest of the
daily vlog if it's got enough charge and
charging the new cameras battery it's
going to be on my new camera I'm not
using the new camera yet the new cameras
here I'm using that for the other video
that I'm filming today so for today
you're still going to have the older
worse quality one sorry about that I'm
now with NAT and we're just driving
around filming the coke video that I
mean this is so confusing filming to
videos and to small cameras in one day
I've been thinking about this for a
while now and I fully made my mind up
even though you guys got it trending
number one worldwide that I should keep
this it is time for it to go I'm sorry
if you loved it and if you don't like it
then it's good because it's about to go
now this little guy here is about to
shave it all off and god I'm kind of fed
up because it's not long enough now it's
curling round over my lip and that's not
cool that's really uncomfortable I've
also tried out my new camera now so the
quality hopefully I don't know also I've
got my swimming shorts on kayaking and
some kayaking boots in the bath don't
even ask about that so I hope that this
quality should be better than my
previous one let me know in the comments
what you think be interesting because I
spend a lot of money on this camera so
that it is better right time to shave
this beard off
I'm halfway through shaving and I have
half a bin straight down the middle so
on this side of a hey I'm a 15 year old
boy this I don't like her you're on man
um mainly I don't know what I think I
prefer this is a good way to judge it
nothing Lots
maybe I just leave it in the middle
maybe are just a half way like this I
don't know looking in the mirror by the
way I'm not look into the side of the
camera I'm trying to decide what I think
I prefer if you guys prefer the beard
don't worry I'm telling you now he grows
quick it will be fully back like this in
probably like four or five days so don't
worry about that all finished and shave
yo got a ball don't face like a baby's
bottom I'm just editing a video that
you're gonna see go up the same day so
this video now is either gone up or
about to go up basically press play wait
let me mute your music sheesh Shawn
Mendes stop stop stop
basically a little video of me Marcus
that we film together and that is out
today when you are watching this right
now let's let's that while you're
watching this is currently out yo and
why might such we mood it's probably
because I need to eat some dinner it is
13 minutes to 9:00 and I haven't eaten
dinner yet today I need to get cooking
some lunch not lunch I've gone delirious
guys I need to get cooking some dinner
but I really really really want to
Nando's but I can't drive yet so to get
a Nando's there's a lot of effort but I
also need to finish editing this video
beforehand and I can't eat until I
finish this and I probably got about an
hour or two left of editing so it's
gonna be a late dinner for me that's
what it's on me I got it guys yeah yeah
yeah got two large sausages like jumbo
ones fish cake saveloy mushy peas chips
and a cat fries son ha ha I'm so so
hungry guys as you know did no don't eat
it this is my first meal of the day
a mushy peach I haven't had a chance to
eat any of us today not going to film
Zoey yeah not going to come Zoey because
she's just in a vest and some little
shorts in her pajamas in bed I am and no
bra or saucy I think I might be going
out clubbing tonight now maybe even to
the casino so we're going to see what
happens so it's currently 2:00 in the
morning and I just decided that I am
going to go out clubbing tonight and
then to the casino my friends but I
don't really want to take along my new
camera which may sound a bit stupid
consume daily vlogging but I really want
to risk it the first night I've got my
camera so I'm going to leave you guys
here but I'm off clubbing now though you
said in bed yeah well it is 10 minutes
to - yeah quite late time to decide to
go out clubbing but oh well seeing
friends so for watching guys if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up and I
will see y'all tomorrow
bye bye bye good night say good night
bye guys
just gonna try that now on this little
cash whose are you hey I don't know who
you are was flat you belong to
