good morning guys I stayed at Zoey's
last night after that thunderstorm just
doing my teeth with a lovely One
Direction toothbrush or how am I going
to do this with one hand you ready yes
yes yup not perfect okay yeah so I
stated so easy work wait for it your
fingers early in the morning like shot
stop you didn't get early in the morning
it's not if hot was to lunchtime since
lunchtime and I've only just got up but
I wanted to talk about the thunderstorm
last night that went on I don't know if
you guys like live in the UK or down
south in the UK but if you do let me
know in the comments because that
thunderstorm was like the most crazy
thing I've ever experienced me and Zoey
drove through it cuz we drove back from
animo Jonathan's and I honestly reckon
there was like a lightning strike like
physical fault but you could see it like
dude in a room coming down to the road
though he was hitting like the other
side of the road next to us every like 3
4 seconds it was absolutely insane
anyways it is such such such a lovely
day outside today there's so many people
out and about I want to get outside
because it's half past two but but but
first I've quickly got a an hour and a
half Skype call with somebody about an
exciting project I've got coming up and
then I've got to film and edit Sims
videos with Zoe and then I've got edit
yesterday's vlog to go up and then I can
go outside I also want to try my aim of
today is to try and pick up my car
because I don't know if you guys know if
you saw yesterday's video if not there's
a link down below
I bought a car yesterday I haven't
passed my driving test yet but it
doesn't mean that I can drive because
I'm learning at the moment with somebody
who's over 21 and has three years
experience like Zoe Marcus Joe Jim Tania
Louie Steve like everyone basically
everyone from youtuber set from Casper I
can drive with in the calm practice so I
bought a car yesterday and I want to go
and pick that up today but because I
can't drive and pick it up I don't know
who's going to pick it up for me I'm
going to try and persuade one
friends I've just finished up my
meetings now and it is 20 past 5:00 I'm
exporting yesterday's video the one that
you guys would have seen yesterday but
that would have in yesterday's video and
now timing so what I want for lunch /
early dinner I think well normally as
you guys were seeing these videos I
dinner like 9 10 o'clock in the evening
which is quite late I also need to get
changed because I've just thrown on the
clothes that I was wearing yesterday
because I slipped at Zoey's last night
which means I had no fresh cloves here a
set from or one vest down here maybe
I'll put this on I've got clean boxes at
Zoey's but I don't keep any clothes here
so I'm just throwing them what I wore
yesterday I need to go back to my flat
and get changed
but I'm trying to decide what I want to
eat for lunch I think I want to go and
buy like a sandwich or like a chicken
salad or something like that and get a
coffee as well I feel like a coffee so
I've left so is now and I'm just walking
to get some lunch from around town
don't really know where to go I think
I'm gonna go bagel man and get sausage
sandwich but
not for the moment no are you serious
it's closed oh okay guys we're gonna
have to find somewhere else for lunch I
feel like a button shine to vlog in
public again like they used to be ages
ago but I just ordered some food from a
little restaurant down there I've got
Zoe and margarita pizza I got me some
asparagus and hand pasta and what else
did I get all some calamari like my
favorite starter ever but I'm just gonna
walk up here now to Tesco to go and grab
some drinks I'm trying to find like a
summertime drink and I think Capri Sun
is the one there's three different
flavors got orange summer berries black
crown that's mashed I wouldn't want the
broken one get the one from the back
always guys get the one from the back I
don't know what trying to go for judge
go all three and then we just put them
in the fridge or the freezer
wait I'm an idiot I'm an idiot there's
some more up here
all of these runs what's that tropical
I've never tried them I only ever tried
these ones but I think only a one black
currant one summer berry is good at
summary one orange or no apple and
cherry no tropical could be good okay
we'll go tropical as well so I got some
asparagus and bacon pasta and some
calamari with a little tartar sauce just
cut my finger like straight away it's
not in focus I just cut my finger on the
edge of here that is so sharp guys be
careful and Zoe got some pizza the only
plaster Zoe had was literally the size
of my finger for the smallest cut and
now I need to try this down thus good
I'm doing the daily dose of reading
y'all comments oh no would load load
load where are they at
I hope he bandana just finish watching
school is really bad I love them I love
the blog I think I consumed so much fun
I love sitting here every evening it's
weird saying evening because I only woke
up literally about six hours ago but
it's 7:25 I love just reading all of
your comments like
you commit such nice stuff so I just
want to say thank you so much
I've also got a live show tonight at 8
o'clock so that's in half an hour I need
to nip over to my flat and do that from
there just because I like doing my live
shows from on my desk and not just mind
on my laptop I like using my iMac and I
do live shows once every two weeks and
tonight I'm giving one of you guys an
iPad Mini so it's going to be a lot of
fun I love talking to you guys live
because it's it's called reading your
comments now like this on here and just
reading them all like blue read in the
comments oh hey baby
but it's even cooler getting to light
reply to you guys in real time and be
like hey do you think this or this and
see your response live just going to try
that now on this little cash whose are
you hey I don't know who you are was
flat you belong to you're not coming in
mine
I bought this ball the other day don't
ask me why I bought it I bought it for
me about the kitchen shop but it's just
got a little face in it little guy hey
um and it smells what does it does it
say what it fruit-scented ball it smells
so good but I bought it just click on a
super-long look how long my hallway is
it's really thin and long so I can just
pick the ball down my hallway is that
normal I'm like a 20 year old boy and
I'm buying a football so that I can kick
it down my hallway I'm quite weird guys
I got a present from Amazon I wonder
what it it oh it's called a hole in
already
hmm let me try and
oh I should have these yesterday
it's my board in shorts I bought these
guys these are some like Oh one-way look
get out look get out I can't get them
out
basically that's of like boarding shorts
for surfing and kayaking and stuff like
that next time we go got my own shorts
now whoa look how many people are guys
I'm live right now I love being live
like I said earlier there's like 9,000
of you people watching this is so crazy
you send hello to yourselves you could
be sent hello in this chat and then you
could be watching this video
therefore you send hello to yourself
mind blown
trending worldwide number one yeah yeah
yeah you guys don't mess about do you I
feel like for an hour now guys so I'm
going to end there say goodbye to
yourselves
say goodbye to yourself goodbye baby
baby baby baby baby baby baby baby by
Malecha is now over and I've come to
realize that I didn't really do much
today in fact I didn't really do much
more I didn't do much that you guys saw
on camera anyway I did wake up really
late but that is simply because I went
to bed really late from getting in and
sorting out this video and the files not
this one sorry yesterday's video and the
files and then this morning office had
to edit the video and upload the video I
had two one-hour meetings over Skype so
there was a lot of the day that
unfortunately you guys didn't see or
just wouldn't be very interesting like
I'm not going to just sit and edit with
you guys the camera roll and for you to
watch in this video because that's
boring but there aren't going to be some
days if I'm daily vlogging more
hopefully quite a lot that not as much
happens you know just as much as there's
going to be days like yesterday where so
much stuff happened and I was of Zoey
nas with Louie neither the Ciccone Jolie
isn't I was kayak in so as a little mix
a boat five kind of decided to open up
and vlog more on this channel now but
just as much as that comes with exciting
crazy day
is out that does come with more chilled
days nothing that's not a negative I
think that's good because then you guys
get to see me as a normal human being
and not to somebody that gets to do the
rising crazy
ever activities and I'm always traveling
and I'm always doing insane stuff
because I do sometimes just like to
enjoy to have more relaxed days like
today which actually hasn't been that
relaxed but just it's been settled it's
been inside it's been just having lunch
and hanging out with Zoe and who wasn't
too much in today's vlog because she's
been busy doing her own thing and she's
been in her pajamas or pajamas what her
pajamas
Fenian up for jobless all day so I
didn't really want to film how many 1f
she was in this vlog actually but I
really want to stick a camera in her
face when she's just lying in bed edits
in the videos so I think I'm going to
end the vlog here you know even though I
haven't done much just half-past 9:00 at
night
and I don't really think I'm going to do
it much else today that is worth filming
I'm just going to go over back to Zoe's
now maybe watch a film embed of her and
then get an early night sleep because
tomorrow I've got a really really
exciting day filming an amazing video
and that I know you guys are going to
love so I'm guessing I would you see you
tomorrow if you did enjoy this video
sorry I feel weird because I'm
apologizing for not doing much but I
shouldn't be apologizing for not doing
much because you're choosing to watch
every day of my life in some days I
don't do much and that's just what it
comes with so I feel weird I feel like
this video isn't worth the video because
I didn't really do much but it is
because it's vlog in my life and today I
didn't do much I don't know let me know
what you think in the comments guys and
if you understand what I'm saying and
yeah I love you guys so much like doing
stuff like that live show just really
shows me how much you guys mean to me
and how supportive you of anything like
anything I do in this world and that is
just crazy that is just absolutely
amazing so yeah give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it as always just
click that new
like button down below and I will see
y'all I'll see you tomorrow see you
later guys
I know finished filming my vlog but look
I just got back at these little guys are
hungry
there we go mate how fat how happy does
that make you is that yummy if you don't
know what these are this is Zoey's
little guinea pigs just feeding them
through the bars
Eilert leavel definite balancing like
that that's a good way put it like oh
come on Phil in-game earbud just put the
carrot sticks through there enjoy your
midnight snack little guys good night
ready ready go you go you go ha ha ha
