guys check out the snow just like proper
snow in you can't really see the to much
in the video which is annoying sorry
this good legit Seto because it's really
dry yeah good morning guys
good morning how you doing I've got to
go drop the Range Rover off to go and
get fixed but it's like actually if
there's any car that you're gonna be
driving in this it's gonna be a big boy
car isn't it oh my gosh I completely
forgot about that so a couple of days
ago I literally filled the Range Rover
with recycling to take to the tip but I
haven't taken it yet
and now I'm just looking to have got to
go ahead and Range Rover and to get
fixed and I was like wait the car is
full of rubbish yeah I've now got 46
minutes to get to the tip and then to
the car garage I just drink my coffee
there Borton back it's already stops no
literally like the cameras were rolling
for three minutes it's already stopped
it went from snowing to a super sunny
lovely day good morning guys good
morning right time to jump in the car
see look how full it is even the
passenger seat has got rubbish all on it
I just want to say welcome back to the
vlog to the red mark in between my
eyebrows thanks for coming back
means a lot really really appreciate you
you look really great on my face
it is cold out there today like I mean I
should have thought about it it was
snowing about half an hour ago and I'm
out here just wearing a tiny little thin
jumper and no gloves but wow I can't
believe that I'm about to do this in
time
considering that I literally forgot that
the car was full of all of that rubbish
the only free parking spot in here is
next to the craziest Jaguar you've ever
seen and like fully custom number plate
and everything
don't be beep in census stop that
it's lucky that I am the Savage at
parking whenever I drop my car off I
always leave important things in here
that I need just trying to think one
more pole oh just before before we had
em is there anything important in the
boot that I need just a ton of building
tools all my coat that is exactly what I
owe you no I said about the savage
Jaguar check out that damn
how's it going yeah I'm very good thank
you
oh nice get some breakfast I've just
dropped a carve off yeah let's all go
for breakfast
oh thank you so much no probs I'm not
tonight she's at home obviously now drop
my car off I don't have a car to get
home no wait so I wasn't gonna get ya
look at those cars I was gonna get an
uber but then instead I thought I just
keep poppin off so she's come to pick me
up is this my uber yeah one star right
in this car this breakfast looks
incredible
and Chuck him on a fan blade dig on dr.
Bain on the floor just come into a shop
called IgG oh that's a nice wash basket
although we've already got wash basket
this is the kind of thing when I came to
a shot when there's a sale and a buy
stuff that don't need just because you
seen the sale I just like going up here
at this bit oh my water those is to keep
your toes fresh look what is that Rhino
the Rhinos you kick someone in the shin
move it I found myself a new jacket
don't like this one yeah what surely I
like it
is it cozy what is like poking things
Eddie it opened things that looks like
stop it the Davis knows what it made
we're just trying on some hat bro
Williams
yeah these are stick what what that's
you know and someone's blowing bubbles
and you don't want to pop it so you can
catch them about popping it
congratulations
this shit's not what for rushing nala
you like it let me let you like it
sadly she probably would like it which
one do you think I like this one
they're kind of like the pattern on that
one
we're gonna grab this for Zoey did you
want a nail pop
I do quite like that I don't know why
you're getting nail me you and Dad 1h
cool miniature nail you just have to
keep it whoever keeps it for the longest
wins you have to keep it with you all
right we're gonna play a game I'm gonna
buy these three nails right and me you
and dad yeah any point to you ever I can
ask you for your nail if you cannot give
it to me within 10 seconds you lose you
can do the same to me and the things
that you can only ask each other once
the game doesn't ever - I see you in six
months time Shawn give me your nail ten
seconds you cannot see each other once
I'm gonna no you can't buy another one
either from here these are really cool
actually I really like it I want a bit
of them some necklace and the others any
point you could be in the sea swimming
by give me your nail trainers in the
city okay
I'm gonna go give it to dad design over
that boy get that Graham get get the
insta it's the story she's already back
in her element in the in the fly shop
she faked it she wasn't even ill you
actually won't L you were you were you
ain't on a little retreat this is lion
it all it was after all of that was I
saw my mole in it was
you are that dream okay no present as
well mum and dad were meant to be going
to the gym this morning however they
didn't go because the bike still wasn't
made if you've been watching the vlogs
then you'll know that one of the pieces
of equipment in the gym is a wot bike
and when it turned up it was already
broken like the handles didn't fit into
that denied it was weird anyways I got a
new one sense but I haven't yet built it
so I'm gonna go and build the bike for
them now so that they can use it and
start working out regularly honestly I
hardly worked out at all because I'd
building the bike most of the time and
then at the end me and Dad her mum had a
competition who could burn the most
calories on the bike without stopping if
you've ever been on a walk bike you will
know how I feel right now I feel like
I'm gonna be sick
like straight up I feel like I'm
actually gonna be sick like this is not
good together
blooming ages ago literally for like two
years ago now was a video called Saffy
reacted to Southie we just did it
randomly once and I haven't had much
time to blog today and yesterday
somebody made an edit of me and Zoey I
think maybe Jo as well and I was
laughing at it and then today when I was
like not being able to film that jaws
like oh my gosh let me tweet out asking
so early on I tweeted what are your
favourite Safi moment no no I tweet it
can you tweet me links to your favorite
and weird edits remaining zoetis I know
there's some weird videos out there like
zoella sneeze compilation how he acting
strange because of Robert you know I've
never watched the zoella sneeze calm
it's got 800,000 views that's so weird
to me
so I've downloaded some videos they're
all our own footage they're just little
edits that somebody's done I think I've
looked at a light and now all I can see
when I'm looking at
is a light is like a light blink really
fast
alpha is mum arguing about golf court I
think that's a YouTube video apparently
I have no idea what well this is wrong
alpha acting strange because of yogurt I
have no idea what this is I personally I
think this is your blog I get the
weirdest clips of Alfea in my vlogs
there was one recent like everyone
thinks I'll be so normal until you just
catch him in one of these weird moods
which is mostly me to film everything
do you mind is any set yeah it's fine
but you need to I feel like someone out
there has a lose weird moments from them
that's what these videos all Alfie
acting strange because of the yogurt
okay let's watch that what the heck is
that
do you know what this is yes I watched
this the other day which I didn't watch
this video but I was watching that blog
there we go there's mine marks already
but this is our melon I don't know if
you would want that so I chopped up your
fruit so you can have it with granola or
you think of it with your tongue I'll
get our Tod you would say being serious
I don't you've got New York do you
actually want some yogurt or enola okay
would you like some yogurt yogurt yogurt
that's another word isn't it yeah party
look it your meager yogurt what do you
say I said what have you only left in
the fridge because everyone else
well I say that for like cuz it's
there's some behind that little pop
every time sorry sneezes Alfie says oh
no I think there's I'm not gonna lie
like what are these videos that people
are why do I sneeze like nine years then
it's got 800,000 views just some sneeze
in five sneeze whenever I film a video
I don't you just needs that much do I
you're my hat looks so win in this video
please can you say that what do you know
her do you know what do you know what do
you know what you know what but you know
what do you what do you know what do you
know well you know what you know what
you know what you know what but you know
what you know what you know what do you
know what no you know what no I disagree
this video is see on the types of this
videos so Allah says do you know what
GRU and wuah do you know I know
this is the video that somebody tweeted
me I'll leave their Twitter down below
because i DM them said I love the remix
electric something I leave their Twitter
down below and they just tweet me this
round of remix they made
it's making me dizzy
I mean that were taken along shake its
neck yeah oh there's no that's what you
made me do this video okay this is good
I can't with the sorcery of this video
it's safe to send it where it's called
something I Alfie farting and admitting
it or something that's just 17 seconds
of me farting that's a video are you
trained many thoughts you've captured in
the whole tiny from vlogging that was me
can you type in Alfie a spark
compilation go we've got 1 awesome
annihilation
Zoe smack that OH while starts getting
amok you know mop training these guys
ready to go and get is that not until
you get sore ending oh no the reactor 2
clips will react to all the cute ones
next time guys yeah link meet up with me
some links to ones that you want us to
watch together know that stop licking
all we can here
yeah exactly cutest moments 118 thousand
views I'm gonna go take some dinner
Ching guys listen this meant to be a
daily vlog so I'm just gonna carry on
the vlog but you can end it now if you
want don't forget to push the bell but
don't forget to press your bow that's
gonna be a whole nother video now that's
literally gonna be a separate one more
that we just reacted to Zoey flicks
alfea's Bell oh my god
down 17 minutes left until the
cauliflower cheese and the pie is done
cooking I want to have some pasta and
the pie in that isn't for me that's for
Zoey not really not really to enjoy Hoyt
I'm more more a pasta man not really too
into pies more the pasta man look my
little helper watch them cook in you've
been so good you helping me out you
helping me out ultimate dinners the best
comfort food you happy is that your new
DAB yeah did you hit yourself in the
head that you're watching old videos now
are you going
she's singing here soon in Brighton
she's performing Brighton pride just
announced if you didn't see I went
that's what could have went to cut my
cap move my hat
that's why she's barking at the TV it's
a dog food advert she's just barking at
the bloomin dog Missy that's not real no
does anyone else's dog do this it is so
annoying everyone's moving into the new
house she has become so territorial oh
my gosh now so he's literally just sat
here watching clips and lips and lips I
feel like we should start a channel log
in each blog we just keep like separate
little bits of like 20 30 second bits of
funny moments and upload it ourselves
they probably get more views than this
actual channel would because we just get
so many different little clips would you
guys like that if I had a separate
channel I created four just random small
tiny little moments yeah
imagine if we did that that would be so
fun and then it would be a place for all
of us to watch back our favourite bits
yeah just like individual moments no
videos longer than like a minute
that said yep tops audios playing off a
bit well I need to even dinner was it's
gonna get cold and I just put gravy on
that so don't want it to get cold
