I bet you didn't expect to see me at
home I tricked ya this is not a holiday
blog I'm back up now I'm joking it is a
holiday blog
I just wanted to insert a little clip
here to say good morning how you doing
hope you having a lovely day if you've
been watching my videos for a while
you'll know that every single year I
take one week off of vlog in off of
YouTube offline completely other than
like instagrams but basically no videos
however this year on day five out of the
seven for some reason I was just like
hey screw that rule I just thought I'd
film some clips so it kind of turned out
to be a daily vlog but I didn't intend
it to be a daily vlog i just wanted to
show you some little snippets of my
holiday but as i said i do like to have
to time completely off so i didn't want
to film my family too much and like
intrude on the actual family holiday but
i also wanted to show you guys what I've
been up to him what Zoey been up to and
stuff like that so so I hope you enjoy
if you do good and below hit the thumbs
up button to let me know as I get I
don't know but enjoy the little holiday
vlog you kind of random clips video I've
just woken up my eyes look tiny a little
puffy and sleepy and stuff it is
currently like not even 7 a.m. in the UK
it's the second to last day of our
family making us holiday do you ever
find that when you're you don't do every
day I feel weird
vlogging because I've had days off
vlogging like I find it I find out hard
to speak alright let me give you a quick
little tour than actually doing ok
the room key I don't know where it is I
actually have no idea I skipped
breakfast Gil go girl
get your bad out I've ruined my feet by
wearing flip-flops so don't if you can
see I'm having to wear two or three or
four blister plasters at a time yeah
look at this but you can get private
little messages down here it's currently
the next day I forgot to film breakfast
yesterday
so just thought I'd treat you today's
breakfast this is the view we're having
it in our room today so and I just
watching some GoPro footage that Zoe
filmed in the sea we've got bacon
grapefruit juice scrambled egg whites
which I'm really liking at the moment
just egg whites Baker maple syrup so I
can pancakes maybe was a flat white
fruit salad yogurt pancakes
orange juice toast little Nutella and
jams and stuff back to the actual normal
video from yesterday
finished up breakfast that was
incredibly delicious I'm currently
looking for the Sun cream don't know
where it is I have no idea where Zoey
there it is give me one minute
a pink little flamingo actually they're
white pink shorts with white flamingos
now I need to suntan Sun Lucien all in
my body today's been a slow day a very
relaxed day mum dad poppy and Zoey are
all down at the beach Shaun is currently
here on his laptop but basically if you
walk out here this is our little private
pool kind of thing we got this guy here
rose gold bloom in flamingo we've got a
watermelon over there down here but if
you went down there it's like a little
private beach we'll go there in a second
is where the girls are and dad but I
can't go down there yet I need to put on
some of this I was I'm going to
I put my drone up in the air a minute
ago guys and kind of kind of put it up
in the air I'll show you some footage
now of when I first put it up in the air
and I forgot to take off a bit of
plastic on the inside not this for here
there's another bit and there send it
way up in the sky over the water and got
the worst footage you have ever seen I
thought I'd broken my drone turns out I
didn't I just didn't take off all the
safety bits so I landed the drone back
in took off the bear threw it back up
again
get you look so going pooed on by a bird
whilst I'm basically naked on camera
about some updates whilst have been away
about the gym the actual physical
building will there is going to be ready
when we get back hopefully on Friday but
none of the equipment is there until
three weeks I want to say and also the
gym floor won't be there in about three
weeks I'm gonna hopefully I'm no
blooming excuse start working out
hardcore it will be everyday bro just
waited just waited about twenty minutes
for my some cream suntan stuff to to
soak in and do it think now heading down
to the beach she's got my sunglasses on
I've got my little drone you boy just in
case I've got one of these which are the
most delicious thing you have ever seen
in your life I don't think they show
them in the UK never never seen them
before
one thing you might not know about me is
one of my biggest not fears but things I
hate in life
there's sand on my feet so walking like
this now is literally like ya can't even
describe how much I hate sand on my feet
hello oh no did I miss you
Zoey's got this weird mask thing she
bought oh you left the camera on this is
Oh his new swim goggles just like a full
face mask she's got a GoPro on the top
and you can breathe through the top does
it work well and I see I don't know why
think about it it looks pretty weird
this is so chilled this is what I'm
talking about you know I love my
chocolate really cold
I've been down here for literally like
an hour and it's already too hot
fear of Sundays I literally just told
them about my fears on TV like it says
it's only 27 but there's no why honestly
couldn't do that could you touch my feet
now no because I'm gonna eat I wanna
share it I just show this in my video
okay yeah how much I love sad I am that
we can't get oh that's why I said no way
sure than what it is and without it's
like a joke
it's already in half it's like a giant
Kinder Bueno somehow we're all playing
beer pong but with no beer just water
help in the mouth three two I just come
up for lunch
come to hippie fish
and they do sushi this is what we hit
for sushi
we've just our plan a game called Go
Fish as soon as we're about to begin the
food side arrive end I'll see that thank
you
just anywhere thank you
just anywhere as well
for what keep on forgetting to vlog
because I'm like on holiday of my family
and I wasn't going to be vlogging in any
of it at all or doing any filming and
then today around and we just felt like
filming a couple of little clips and now
it's turned into not like a daily vlog
but me just filming little snippets of
the day I keep again we were playing I
think the last clip the sauce playing
outside by the pool I'm not too sure my
mom would just playing with like a like
a volleyball kind of thing in the pool
for a while and everyone's got back
their back to their rooms to go and get
ready because tonight at 6 o'clock in 6
minutes as though it's currently getting
ready over there we've got a barbecue
dinner outside the hotel is setting up
all the table for us on the beach like
on the sand and they're doing and then
putting on like a special barbecue right
the the restaurant don't normally do
that they've been like a special
barbecue for us but they're doing it
because obviously we've been here quite
a few times now to this hotel and there
are the hotel and and we love it so much
yeah hey looks good I like it I like it
we know I like it when people do the
hair like that look as though he's hair
you know people like push it back you
almost have to wet it a bit I suppose
run yeah madam there you go
this is our table for tonight what a
blooming view this dudes doing all the
barbecue for tonight a symmetry sauce
Caesar salad and the feta cheese with
spices thank you so much guys Poppy's
veggie this is Poppy's veggie vegetables
they keep them bringing more and more
look at the size of the corn we haven't
even got to the meat yet they're still
cooking the barbecue over there
thank you so much we have some burgers
some sausages and chicken skewers and
usually how we gonna have to take some
back but tonight watching Game of
Thrones in bed chicken skewers this is
special BB B Q source bourbon bourbon
barbecue sauce wow that is my favorite I
forgot about those mother's ice cream on
the side
I cannot tell you how full up I am dad
poppy and Zoe have gone back to the
rooms Shaun
me and mum I can't go back to the Romans
purely because we can't move not more to
fill up and we've also just ordered a
coffee it's not even named this family
because they said do the BBQ money so
that we could see the sunset 20 past 9
24 9 I feel like I need good sleep I
know they've put fires out for us I put
one fire over here 1 5 there shortens
just taking a bitch I bet look how
relaxed in the pool looks right now
literally just want to jump in if I
wasn't so full actually would I let your
outfit you cold
why don't you turn the air con up a bit
I'm going to bed now guys kicking you
out of the vlog kicking you back out at
the family holiday hope you enjoyed the
sneak peek
I wasn't going to vlog anything but I
thought you'd enjoy seeing some little
bits from today I guess I'll see you
back in the UK
