what's up guys so when I did my New York
vlog with Marcus when we took over New
York us too
everyone loved it that I put it all into
one little video so mean Zooey and Dom
are currently in can like this is from
the hotel lovely this little viewers
look at the little beaches over there
this little counter in here for two days
and I'm pretty much stuck in this hotel
room all day because I've got to be
edited so yeah I just thought I turn
these two days into a little vlog for
you so let's go have some fun how happy
you bar hotel room from one to ten solid
eight yeah that's quite good yeah I like
it
I'm very happy with my portion of
chicken you have of yours
you've got like 40% more than ha ha oh
yeah babe yours lunch was absolutely
delicious but back in the hotel now you
know when you get into bed and then
you're like this is me done for the rest
of the day this is kind of me done for
the rest of the today except from I just
need to edit and edit edit all day oh
thank you very much welcome thank you
now I'm gonna take that good luck yeah
bye so is going off to have a meeting
talking thingy-thingy
while i stay in a debt so it's currently
I don't even know what the time is
because I'm so stuck in UK time okay
it's currently 10:00 to 5:00 p.m. over
here now and I've barely plugged
anything today because all I have done
as you can see on my laptop is literally
sit in bed or on my bed all day editing
videos for you guys these gaming videos
trying to upload five a week is so much
more work than what you could ever
imagine to the point where now I come
into another country and Cannes and it
is beautiful weather look outside look
all of that and for the whole time I'm
here I'm just stuck playing on my bed
editing and uploading videos for you and
especially it doesn't help that the
internet sucks so much and it's taken
like three and a half four hours drop
load a video and I've got drop load too
tonight no three tonight
three videos tonight so fun for me Zoe
and Dom are at like one point up there
they're not there are they Zoe don't get
down then why was I'm just I've been
alone guys for too long in this place
I've gone a bit crazy and the other guys
are doing a talk as I said earlier to
having fun and so it's just in scum some
like amazing beautiful picture while I'm
stuck in the hotel room so while my
video is saving now it saved six percent
I think we're gonna go downstairs now
and get coffee now just before
Wow this t-shirt is really short why is
it oh maybe because my bums handing out
my trousers and I want to show you all
of this rubbish off of my face it has
been too long look how long all of this
is guys it needs to go
I got no beard I got full beard
it's literally split down the middle I'm
so it just changed up my t-shirt and a
bad manner on my head I don't know if I
like these I got this one as a joke the
other day and I'm kind of just torn
between man
the band of distill were ever here with
offense but I can walk around it I don't
know what what French laws are like me
I'm gonna get
tugs on a lad played football here
this is just absolutely gorgeous this
here is the real life of YouTube just
waiting for videos oh nice focus out for
a year or so looks like I've just got
like some whiskey in the corner it's not
it's just a.m. some off to shave that is
the proper life of YouTube we just wait
for videos to upload Zoe and Dom just
text me now so no yeah we're just
jumping back into Cal quickly to the
hotel then we're going to pick you up
and we can all go and get some food I
can't do that because I've got to wait
for this video to go up and I've got a
an hour so might after misty know I
don't know what's happening yet decided
I quite want to go for dinner with the
other guys don't you want to miss out on
that so walking my laptop I'm not
walking it it's not a dog I'm walking
with my laptop down to the lobby see if
there's any better internet connection
down there I've come down to the lobby
and it turns out the internet down here
is in fact a little bit slower which is
nice so I've just something that took
down there not much lower I don't really
mind have just left laptop there now and
I thought I'd come and relax out here
and just look at the views check this
out
Louie and Steve give me one of their
fine the nomads bracelets the other day
and I absolutely love it so I'll leave a
link in the description if you guys want
to check them out maybe grab one or just
have a look they're pretty cool really
quickly how was your day so good and so
busy and now I'm gonna do some internet
stuff by Saudi man just got back now and
so it had super super productive day I'm
guessing was it good it's really good
chefs yeah it's real you'll see them
fill it up you in taffeta so it was it
nice I'm real yeah okay you can check
out in Zoey's video but she's so tight
now so we're just going to go for dinner
which Rob of people now but we're
rushing off
oh say hello to my blog today no I
didn't really vlog much of the meal or
the drinks that we had afterwards
because I was a Dom and I was with my
person from YouTube but I drove a person
from another company so I didn't really
want to just film them and put my camera
in their face but I really really nice
evening I've now got to edit a video and
upload it tomorrow because the internet
is so slow after I've loaded tonight
otherwise I can't go up so it's
currently I lost one in the morning I've
got to be is I know that's possibly
bedtime isn't it second line I probably
got about 2 and 1/2 hours of editing to
do an upload in and I'm going to get to
bed at like 4 and then I've got to be up
tomorrow morning at 9:00 that's how it
is I'll sleep when I'm dead I will see
you tomorrow morning guys in fact I'll
see you in a second literally and let me
switch hands to click good morning guys
I have had while my eyes water from hay
fever I know from that excited for today
I've raised my head like they were
breaking my neck Wow
I have had a bow how many hours sleep
apart for 4 hours sleep 5 o'clock till
10 o'clock five hours sleep and which
isn't too bad but Steffensen sending a
video down it's still doing it now it's
done 24% geez geez geez it sound like a
car engine failing to work
so is wearing my t-shirt why um a close
let's go and have a look at vegetable
backdrop that does look gorgeous doesn't
it but now I need to head off because
I've got my talky conference e panel
Ethan now we've gone
so goodbye Zoe see you know bear I'm
jealous of you of you being in bed I
wanna stay in bed I'm getting up now
please edit you know I think obviously
coming from a creative agency we talked
about
my name is Jack and my name is Phil we
kept two million subscribers thank you
so finished up my talk which went super
well everyone was super lovely I'm
really interested and just really really
nice just finished up some lunch now had
another massive chicken salad various
misery now just having a little walk
because you've got 12 minutes to get
picked up for our cab to go to back to
the airport so my hair's crazy today so
we're going to go for a little walk
along the beaches along where I was
yesterday up there that's where there is
so nice I'm going to miss it
I wish wish wish we can stay out here
longer I wish we could come out here for
like three weeks or something that'd be
so nice I want to jump in the water guys
I bought some swimming trunks from what
from the airport and I'm so annoyed I
haven't got to use them because this
water that was absolutely gorgeous
coming this way are your shoes leather I
can't find there guys my life has just
hit a very very hard time that didn't
even make sense but I'm trying to be
dramatic here basically it's went to
take photo of a rock over there I have a
64 gigabyte iPhone the biggest you can
get and the run out storage space this
means one thing and one thing only have
taken away too many selfies
I don't do myself anymore
some girls with the airport come say
hello just got three luggage and
security and everything like that and
there's not leaving many shots here
really they've got some little like
merry-go-round things should we go on in
a minute
think no I want to go in there I think
that'd be fun
me you and Dom enough for three people
our plane is delayed but only half an
hour's not too bad
that's under control all the way out
yeah the cool thing though that I like
about this place because it takes an
hour and a half but it goes back an hour
and like the world clock so technically
it's only like half an hour
how happy you have that done I'm really
pleased my electronic boarding pass
Dom's got boarding pass on his phone
instead of on paper is so happy so we're
about to board the plane now here he is
I'm gonna name him Gilbert oh nice
little short trip back to London
you
so we just come off the plane now and we
are off to find our driver than a driver
he's not my driver I'm a driver to find
out taxi man he said he was meeting us
outside the Premier Inn Hotel don't have
a clue
okay guys we finally made it into the
car and all the way back to Brighton
that was kind of a Louie one like a you
know gets relieved dogs yes okay guys
now that was a Louis style if you're
watching that so you man will know that
fighter now had such a good timing can
did you have a good time yeah was your
fun yeah with us wasn't made longer I
know I wish I wanted to tell that we can
always go back or something though you
never got to see I went to and you
didn't come though when I went to that
restaurant that evening which also
didn't film much miss you guys didn't
see we walked around a little bit on the
beach and slowly we did and we saw the
shops and stuff but they were closed it
was at 1:00 in the morning but not a
really really good time so I'm gonna in
the video now guys if you did enjoy it
go to thumbs up and I will see you very
soon on this channel that's creepy I
guess
