what's up guys and welcome to pick on
day number three I'm the only one left
in this hotel room because Zoey is going
to her meet and greet this morning I
have got a I'm going to join into
Marcus's meet and greet like half an
hour towards the end to surprise
everybody gonna do some mouths you love
all this over here look at this line
everybody is queuing up along they're
still just to get in it's nine thirty
seven I haven't had breakfast yet but I
want to go meet some of you guys so
let's go and do that thank you
in America the drinks are so big that
these little cup all the things don't
even fit onto the car
that is ridiculous also a ham sandwich
was having a breakfast yet and another
one of these separately
oh it's caramel it is caramel again I
was asked some vanilla I don't know
you guys put so much ham inside your
sandwiches why is that necessarily look
at that so I just grabbed a Starbucks
and met loads of you guys but now I'm
waiting that little back staging car for
car to come to take me because I'm gonna
jump in the end like the last half an
hour of Marcus's meet up and meet loads
of you guys and then I've gotta meet up
later and he's going to come back the
last half an hour mind we're gonna team
up do some Alfie stuff
so jumped into marks is meeting great
how's it going man
really good yeah are you loving this you
having a good day
Mark's is doing some once you are such a
gentleman
look at him and now we're backstage
because we've got a main stage rehearsal
soon haven't we
I don't even know what we're doing do
not we're doing like that all the time
they watch this would have done it no we
wouldn't because this is going up
tomorrow morning well then maybe they'll
be more excited to come sit how was
meeting great good I got through over
five hundred people in two hours
praised me everybody so I was like I'm
gonna do this I can do this everyone was
like Jordan stop now is like no nope
whirring morning she comes finished his
poo here was the marks Butler he said
guys my bombs really so I've got a
massive poo and me yeah he said it was
like a square coming of a round hole how
was it how was it man very nice looking
through our instagrams and there's the
cutest little cartoons by Rachel of me
and of her guy Louie
yeah guys check this out this is awesome
just walking out on the way to my holy
wire interview the other guys are
already there now I'm just walking there
it starts at 3 o'clock and then a 4
o'clock I've got my meeting great I
didn't film any of that interview
because it was absolutely crazy and you
guys were going mad and I was getting
interviewed at the same time but now
sorry
well you're so sexy I guess now we are
off to do us to our meetups and signings
Casper and Java doing one together Jim
soon one and I'm doing one and
apparently people have been cured Oh
Maya blinded apparently people have been
curing since like 4:00 in the morning
for my life 4:00 in the morning it's
4:00 p.m. that's 12 hours I don't get
that I don't get it at all how excited
are you
I'm just like 11 I was healing and I'm
finally about 10 no 11 are ten how I do
68 68 out of a hundred that's not very
nice nine point nine out of ten yeah
yeah yeah nine point nine guys look at
Jamie's talk look how gorgeous is that
plane his blog and everyone else I love
him
you're the best Kylie's passion is Zoey
and Louise and her necklaces Tommy's
Balai you're so good I love me so much
and though has also got chummy's below
yeah Madison has lived in Brighton for a
year and moved back to LA and one way
yeah and I've never met you before so
she lived in Brighton for a year and now
I'm meeting her in LA that is crazy
because yeah he joined me today laughs
now
Chloe's the last kilowatt meter I call
my bracelet out there three times now
she has awesome bracelets her marketers
just science on their path that meet up
with so core met 750 of
Lizzy has come all the way from Mexico
and doesn't even have a hotel and is
sleeping under a palm tree to come to
VidCon it's pretty comfy you are crazy
give me a heart yes so awesome I love
you too guys look it's my best friend
best friends for life the walking back
what's the plan man Hilton as safe as
possible yeah without any pair love your
dreads yeah they're so thick they're
also just got back to our room which is
like an absolute sauna because areas got
20 million people here I know we do hey
I love you yeah good thank you you look
tan
thank you how you know they eatin yummy
food I need to eat but me and Marcus
want to go skate him and you and I think
they're all gonna come we made it yeah
and then yeah mmm yes you don't get
skating it varies look how much a dinner
the garbage I can't be bothered to get a
father that's bad neither I throw them
yesterday that was enough we got a
little bit of food how happy you guys
look at my half chicken how tasty this
look how nice you're playing like a
little game where you have to find out
when they get into the elbow blow game
yeah
barks isn't rowdy
by guys who did that didn't that mean I
suck yours on everyone's left now and I
am super tired so thanks for watching
today guys I had such a busy just so
much fun meeting you lot I'm gonna go to
sleep now say that guys will see
tomorrow
