good morning guy is big on day 2 which
is actually the official starting of
VidCon today there's 20,000 people
coming to me all the youtubers which is
crazy we've just got breakfast Zoey has
gone for blue the biggest waffle oh my
god you see now yeah have you yeah and
then she has gone he's got some
strawberries and honey and you got a
lemonade iconic I am Barry what I asked
for a milkmaid lemonade yeah they could
minute make what did they say what I
know I know I said it not on the phone I
said it dim um friends like oh I'll have
a milkmaid lemonade please and they were
like milkmaid laughing the babies
now going a ky berry juice and I got
done the law
wow that looks awesome that's Eggs
Benedict
or in America they like solid eggs Betty
and we've got a meet-up today the boys
have all of us together and apparently
it is most like attending the hopeful
thing in the whole of econ so I'm super
super excited for that I feel very small
very very low done pears very very
official he put it between the two
chairs for some reason I'll know he was
being so cute look how much this fully
grown man is actually loving the kids
slide Joe's going for a massive dump and
I'm offering for the meetup what's it
like porridge Oh Zoey is still in bed
upload in I'm uploading a new video
yesterday's you're more or less in bed
the same thing I'm so excited for I meet
up in a minute guys it's gonna be
awesome all of us together
so on the way to our Meetup we just walk
around the back now so we can jump odds
to get to the venue so it's safer for
everybody
oh hey Zoey cook the other we're just
thinking about stuff I'm scared
we're like in the middle of our meter
and it's going so awesome how's the
meetup going great nice eyes course I'm
then be Simon oh like that
okay the next girl is a birthday go
about it
and birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy - person in - so MA yeah yeah
yeah thank you so much
so the meetups just finished and that
was absolutely crazy like the most
mental meetup ever and then at the end
there's like thousands of you guys left
standing like all behind these like it
was silly it was like little rope very
the kind of thing that was like string
is I one of those police caution signs
so we all ran down to you lot and
everyone kind of broke the science and
just ran forward and then it got out of
hand so we had to come back out
but you guys loved it we love to go to
meet more of you and it's so much fun
but now we've got like a meeting so
we've got hit back now and we're going
to try and sneak back about all of you
that how was that good really good so
much very good the jet that kicked in
halfway through a little bit like yeah I
to drink to Pepsi's to keep me away how
was that yeah good when I was like crazy
just go back up to the room now
what was that Joseph so sorry apologize
to all my viewers individually every
single one sorry candy soy Rachael sorry
Sarah
sorry Bridget sorry another has only
have four viewers don't carry on anymore
that's all they got we're just kind of
now to a party that starts in one minute
and we were told specifically not to be
late
Zoe is all dressed up and looks amazing
Joe still when disclosed from earlier
I'm wearing clothes from early which is
shorts to a party is that okay Joe all
you do my vlogs is William poo in my
toilet Oh satin and clay no I think it's
the plays Alfie and the aircon
so we're just on the way to a party now
there is like 20 million of us youtubers
going but I just run back now because I
was still wearing shorts and t-shirt and
I thought it was going to be casual but
everybody there's wear like shirts and
stuff like that so I just changed up my
tire got to meet Casper because he was
changing as well and then we heading
back down one busy passing explains how
is this meant to fill me out I think
YouTube's having alone so everyone at
this party is like a proper businessman
I mean gasp Roisin Kate we get so
excited by all these patient who that's
what we're on about can you Instagram
so happy I bought my skateboard with me
yeah Louise isn't wearing a bra no your
hand it's so gold what is this
we've come up the party now and we're
gonna go back to the room to get some
food because we are so hungry even
though I did right we've got the party
now man Zoe and even though I did about
40 million of those little cake puddings
how good were they oh my god they would
whoopie pie there's a whoopie cream pie
or something and now we'll aim is to get
this machine you're gonna make something
lady yeah guys remember that remember
that all right this is our aims to get
this to work I've got some money don't
know what any of it is you need to put
$1.00 notes in there it does not like
anything that's more than one dollar
okay wonder you might need to hold my
camera if there's anything we're dry I
know I'm David 21 so I found drinking
this country please like it yes thank
you well maybe a dr. pepper or spray
and there's my change maybe we should
get your quarters and the drink comes
out ice machine that comes up so fast
pick up Malan to be there no put your
bum underneath that go on
no going good yeah bleeding no yeah I
dare you guys the fireworks over Disney
guys look how awesome Disney is at
nighttime oven service has arrived and
we've got one of these suits which I
don't if I film the other night for you
it is like the best thing ever how to
open this it's like chicken and pasta in
a soup of spinach it is amazing so we've
got two of them one each got some
chicken quesadillas and some chicken
satay skewers thingy majiggy DS and some
mashed potato how I pick my nose how
good is that looks so good okay guys I'm
going to end the vlog here now because
we're just gonna eat that in bed I'm not
sure if I'm going to go back out later
because it's still quite early it's only
like what's the time half nine ten
o'clock it's only ten o'clock so I think
I might go to another party tonight but
not too sure so thanks for watching guys
really excited tomorrow give this video
a thumbs up and I will see you tomorrow
of a new vlog night guys
