hey guys I'm in VidCon at the moment in
Anaheim LA currently my hotel room we
arrived last night but obviously I'm on
a vlog a 12 hour plane journey or any
boring traveling I'm here with little
Zoey Kalam's over there as well this is
our hotel room hotel room tour over here
we have a view of Disney all over there
and then we've got shoes skateboard bed
breakfast TV a column storage Zoe's
stuff more breakfast a little meeting
bit out here we have the swimming pool
and stuff and then over here we have the
bathroom hey and all of that stuff Samia
Calum now and just woken up it's Connie
wait what's the time over here they
don't have the time it's ten o'clock and
I'm already out of bed have breakfast
yes we're gonna go for a little skate
now on Vivian what's your skateboard
I don't know ever name you haven't got a
name we need to come up with a name for
Callum skateboards comment down below
what you think is it a girl or a boy is
it a boy okay but mine's a boy as well
called Vivian it's like house a cow I
actually quite like that blouse should
we call it Klaus leave it to them but
okay Klaus isn't object last is option
but daddy you guys
just popped now into 7-eleven we skated
all the way along I forgot to record it
as per usual we scared along to
Disneyland
just to check it out and it was cool but
we didn't go in obviously and we just
come along now to get an ice-cream what
are you going for let me go for a swim
so I wanted like a normal Magnum but
they've only got helmet or anything on
one but I like armand a lot i don't know
what to go for trying to be healthy as
well so hopefully Marcus isn't watching
there so tell me off maybe the other
tweaks or Snickers I'm gonna go Twix as
well America like big drinks so you
hardly see the size of that that Jesus's
Arizona iced tea is how the biggest my
head
okay I'm going to try this at the first
time guys don't even thought of what it
is alright that's good like a vanilla
fan Chino Starbucks
just getting back now to the hotel we're
trying to find like a hill awesome we're
trying to find like a hill to skate down
or around but Los Angeles is very flat
what Anaheim is is like the opposite of
Brighton where I live which is every
single road is a hill so oh yeah can you
take a picture please
are you doing
Oh baby shares also be right now so I
just stopped at her picture probably
about 50 viewers and now so awesome I
love meeting you guys so much especially
before the event because you're so
excited to see people because you're not
expecting it and I love that so much so
we can just go to this car park now but
it is so hot unlike dying guys let's
watch this yeah we've been skiing on
this car park but it's like super super
hot so we're going to try and find a way
my hotel rooms are up there somewhere
I'm going to try and find a way to get
into a hotel room so we can get some
drinks maybe grab Zooey because she's in
the editing at the moment while I'm
tired
skating oh yeah you've got a big Alfie
to show you but you can actually do
tricks on the scape what I didn't bonus
he's just been busted oh that's why so
tired
so getting skating tired mag refused to
let me film him but now back at the
hotel ribbon and we just picked up a
swimming shore it Kalam's come and swim
in as well Joe is Roger spoke to him on
the phone he said well weights down like
this and then it could look kind of real
I know now you got two heads well right
how's this gonna work
nope not like that mmm kind of that kind
of works oh my god then lift up your leg
oh my god that looks so crazy no put
your head in halfway or lean your head
out completely
oh my god that looks mad what no no no
way oh my god gonzo go on yeah
like a new haha gonzo sucks cake up I
know not without shoes that's gonna have
so much Joe how happy you have your
frozen over
ha ha all right in my remote but to a
lot of to unit so I thought one must be
there for that both fridges ones a
freezer but look in order it means I we
don't even get one for each have you got
freaked in your room yeah yeah
means I'm every bar fridge and a freezer
so Joe just froze his salad then
swimming now me Oh Andy turns off OH
wait wait that was Jose got a magic
trick and as he says a magician comment
village secret so it's not going to tell
you how we can do it but watch this is
crazy
you may have seen this from my buying
account rise to a nice that's Joe
where the head is he gone
what is happening
we're back now and I just got changed
and dressed again calaman calomel and
why why can I not see your name Calum
and I are trying to find California
Pizza Kitchen on the map where is it
number three we've got to go from here
to that it doesn't do that fun that does
not look that's not how Rossano that's
not a road sir board skate or go on eat
sir so I started to drive with uh some
chicken dumplings and we've got this is
like the best I want to film your first
reaction what is like a maze she said
spinach yeah spinach and artichoke you
like it
they only have it in America I think and
it's like the best deal ever and then we
also got some Oh chicken little dumpling
things some sugar some and then we've
also got pieces I got a Jamaican jerk
chicken pizza
you have to go to these ones they taste
exactly the same but they look scary I'm
not gonna lie yeah I thought those were
napkins no I threw out my life I thought
they were back in
no you ain't normally give me the black
budget already ones and I'm always like
these are gonna taste weird but they're
exactly the same
guys look easy I know what you are
caspere's solitaire he's ringing out
loud have you been I've been so good
he's been in like very good other side
cuz I've been listening off yeah
so just pumped into Tatum now who is
doing what are you doing I'm doing the
summary notebook thing now yeah she's
got a Polaroid over here she's taking
the pictures put in her notebook thank
you so much ah yeah ah yeah so we just
go back to the hotel room now
Zoe has been in bed what have you been
up to today anything else went down
fil's played a funny game and then just
got back and I'm really tired no sleep
in not yet not yet little one talans
calling somebody over here guys in like
40 minutes
Disney do all their fireworks every
night in like 40 minutes that's going to
like most crazy fireworks all above here
I'm gonna try and film it for you but I
don't know if I'm going to still be in
the room so our room is creaking so bad
it sounds like it's gonna fall down the
gray is literally like every second like
there's creaks but it's not just from
one place it's like there then they're
not there down there down there so it
sounds like it's gonna fall apart very
the borrower's living in the like
ceiling yeah um and in the wall cavities
or um la gremlins is that a thing
yeah I think you're too tired so Zoe is
agreed that if it falls down
fingers crossed touchwood it doesn't but
if it falls down then what do I get
punch in the face no my channel I get
her YouTube channel is they look so
pleased about that like you just don't
double my subscribers I should be
pleased with that you should be sad if
the building crumbles and I'm in it I
gotta use your John oh yeah
haha ok bye my 9 I say goodnight sorry
your little burrito you are yeah
soon the night alright guys I didn't
really vlog that much up today of look
like little individual bits I just got
back from the second party but it was so
crazy busy with meeting loads of you
guys I mean so many pictures that I
forgot to vlog it and so I think I'm
just gonna go to bed now I'm not sure
where the other guys I've just text them
but thanks for watching today I'm super
super excited for VidCon to stop
tomorrow I know it's going to be so busy
but it's going to be amazing
Oh someone just texts me so thanks
watching guys I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did give it a thumbs up and
I will see you tomorrow so you can let
Zoey know looking at yourself to my vlog
haha night guys
