hey I thought I filmed today for you
guys just so you can follow me around
and see what I'm up to but right now
skatepark Sun is out
skateboards music football just chilling
which a Morgan
yeah
oh crap I'm stuck oh you ready for this
shot there over there the balls here
that wasn't okay so we've been chilling
and relaxing to the music and skating
and stuff just messing about I literally
haven't been skating in like when was
the last time 23 years ago more than
three years ago landed a couple of
tricks but yeah it's been good so we're
off now
we're going back
I've now jumped in the car with liquor 1
and we are just going off to a park
called stammer park in-seok writen or
near right and I don't actually know for
lunch together
did you know if you have an open-top car
you may know this you may not if you
don't I'm about to tell you you have to
be your hand up really high like that
and it feels like you're squeezing a
boob oh yeah we're here guys
look how foolish little places if you
live in Brighton or near Brighton
definitely recommend that you come here
gorgeous look little pony man over there
look about your friend from in your look
but is there a man hey that's one
there's another one in there and this is
the door that's very shot one of our
lookbook shots on you did you like that
door my favor out of 10 how much do you
love that door I would say a solid six I
say the door that's a good double we're
just going for lunch and stammer how so
there's a wedding today they move why
don't we have to get food oh this place
is so cool inside they've revamped all
it looks amazing how good does it smell
in here alright
that's one of my favorite smells that's
been my top five top five everything has
a rating room Zoey guys actually love
this that's so cool
how relaxing is that noise just the
noise of water on a hot day is like the
best thing ever
hm you've got so much food I'm so
jealous I just want to try bit
everything I'm being like super healthy
Atlanta's so I've got like chicken
breasts and mine does look really good
to be fair but look how much you've got
I want a scotch egg and chips we
finished up lunch and I'm in a food coma
I literally don't want to move or knew
anything still traumatized when I was
younger I threw my frisbee and hit a boy
over there he threw it back and it went
in this make river thing I wouldn't call
it a lake or a river in the pond
no yes opponent that's definitely
apartment a pit well it kind of
does look like an out so if anyone sees
a frisbee in their circular frisbee
that's mine
it'd be cool jovica I know and I'm still
waiting to get it back it's only been
tough it like six years
just got an ice-cream now I went for a
little mini milk as oh he's gone for a
zap when she's walking through
so we go back from lunch and I'll blow
walk and then we thought what we'd do
also got my glasses finally I left them
is always bad when I went to New York
and I finally got my sunglasses back but
what are we doing now gonna go more
Edgar yeah
so Edgar is Felix and mozzie like
PewDiePie and Marcia's dog and but Pogue
is a little bit ill at the moment so
we're going to go to Edgar out for a
walk for them and I really really really
want a pug so so this is gonna be so
excited already said he can pick up the
dog food No so he's picking up the dog
poop well your him hey hey little man
he's so excited oh my goodness he's been
calm since he got to the arc and maybe
not he loves to run take you out to the
beach you don't like the stones you're
gonna I thought that was him then oh my
god he's going for her you don't like
the stones do you Edgar
oh okay
you have a little Sunday you go for a
little swim
Eggar secretly scared of the water but
Enzi's manly bit is not click done no
more i constricted hold that let me give
me some answer no more you tied that one
good boy
you thirsty and he stopped again he's
too tired looking and looking you just
want to cuddle that yeah that's it I
love you then I cover you
what's this poor say M what's he saying
what are you doing ok guys so we just
got back to Zoe's now and I have
realized how tired I am
what are you doing yo creep ok guys so
that is the end of the video I hope you
did enjoy following us along today if
you want me to do more little vlogs like
this and film random days and give the
video thumbs up to let me know I am
going to be uploading now we are going
to be uploading a new game a video
tomorrow and that is a guarantee we're
going to be uploading Sims aren't we new
Sims video tomorrow flattering angle you
could ever film I'm doing it of myself
as well um so I hope you're looking
forward to the new Sims episode coming
out tomorrow sorry again there's no new
gaming video today he's not sorry
I'm not sorry I'm not sorry
Oh to lose your weight lately nah
alright it's hard to make my facebook of
an actual icon come on he seemed the
more
