hey guys we are at the airport now we're
just about to board our flight
we're running quite late our flight gets
released like in ten minutes in ten
minutes to get there but we're behind
Jose from dry shampoo because we've got
to go straight from the flight to the
venue which is crazy
so we're now boarded the plane I
switched up my seat with a man over
there who super nice and counseling some
Djoser man the other guys are all back
there unfortunately I wasn't enough
Roman Premium Economy Inn is a super
super-great so we just quickly did a
last-minute some reason there's some
deal and since Jeff thirsty for this
flight and it's a good film as well is
that we've helped it's just found out
there's no stop get so we can't edit
my large implant if you're watching you
need to have a plug sockets all this all
things
arrived at the venue and it is
absolutely massive I think this is it we
don't even know if it right we also
haven't got anyone with this regard for
us we're just walking around the inside
not knowing what we're doing better
we'll find out soon be monitoring the
men's toilets just having a shave how's
it going yeah good
and now I'll go try to clean it with
this Oh dad you'll get high back on
stage walking over to this stage now and
do our performance we were in rehearsal
in the room yeah how's the house and
garden I'm so fancy that is not what
would performing on stage but that is a
song
I'm here with the cutest viewer ever
John
so we just finished up our meet and
greet which lasted like an hour and a
half and there are so many of you there
it was crazy today I don't even know how
much I filmed like I don't remember but
today has been absolutely mad so that's
gonna say thank you so much everybody
came out there was like 12 and a half
thousand of you good morning guys I
didn't really end up yesterday's vlog
because I just fell asleep and crashed
so hard but this is day two New York I
think I'm just gonna mash these like all
into one video and this lovely girl here
it's just given us so many Australis um
yeah me marks the only ones awake so far
I'm so happy when you woke up in your
like the true you know we have it where
is it it's around here somewhere
it's over there you can see it from my
room but yeah we're gonna go get some
breakfast now so you just got to the
place that the governor commended and it
looks super super nice and Marcus's
happy cuz it is organic orange juice in
the trees trees yeah eight trees which
way for our food to come guys look at
our food look at there
how do yes hey mate how you doing up
there yeah Hey we're gonna go and see
him now he's just chillin up there look
hey mister we don't have this open
there's like nobody here
Oh disguised I think
we feel like idiots now because that
wasn't even the right building that was
a different building so I just showed
you the wrong they'll did yeah you've
probably already commented ten I showed
you the wrong one anyway see another guy
was like no it's closed this isn't the
building this is in the mirror so we're
now going to try and don't walk to the
right billion I said there he is
Blackstone boy is it woman yes oh crap
uh piss and he the whole time wait damn
I can see the booty from here no I do
remember the name it's Sheila it's
Sheila finally got tickets and we are
the entrance the real one we're really
here we go we have so much super nice
man service so now we're going up this
place is literally like a maze guys and
then what is going on do you know where
we're going yeah you know all the times
before yeah actually I've been I've been
here through dog was happy yeah mark you
see just create I'm just bringing you
here man is so key
guys check this view look at that this
is absolutely crazy man
I asked you why you brought me up here
thank you it's a set it's so good it's
so calm up here I didn't expect it to be
like not windy at all I thought it'd be
really loud and life of noisy
I don't even you guys been sitting but
it's so small like honestly I'm gonna
point to it there oh my god I thought it
was big it is tiny is there a place in
San Pio way away
oh yeah so he just got spikes I mean out
so I came through Central Park
what do you saying Marcus yeah how's
this going man this is good
so you cycled half the distance down the
park so far yeah how's it going max
really you like it obviously when your
site care so when Lisa you don't realize
how hot you get until you stop yeah but
it's fine I love it
I'm like sweating out so much guys as
you know I don't do any exercise at all
some likes going up this hill when I'm
like that dying from sweat back nice
good I'm really enjoying it look at this
beautiful view over here like a lake in
front of us
just finished up off the bites I'm like
sweating like mad that was the hottest
cycle so now we want to go get some food
stopped for a spot of lunch at Cog neck
or someone adapt and how to pronounce it
bought this early I'm trying to decide
whether to wear like that or work to
wear it like this yeah like that for
this yeah Oh nuts nipples look as well
so the food survived remarks is making
me always not making me he's helping me
to be more healthy in general I've gone
for this which a spinach avocado and
chicken salad and so is Marcus I could
beat him because he helps me be healthy
I got this as like a little starter it's
not healthy and it's not good for me but
I love it so much that I just have to
get it and that is some calamari if we
finished up lunch and we're now walking
down time or sorry
it's Times Square which is literally
just down there we're now it's and Toys
R Us and we're going to see if we can
find any cool toys look at this there
the ferris wheel and inside the shop
that is crazy right I have been time
might you read like them 10 that if you
watch it yes to mention time we're now
on the way to Whole Foods because Marcus
is obsessed he wants one of the juices
are so bad well yeah I do want one
they're delicious and we're also
obviously in that combat shop for now
being where their portions yeah and
we're in Soho now and we just run away
to Whole Foods
we're in Urban Outfitters turn it by
marks and new hack so I got this piece
of cloth on my head earlier on it's
about like a sailor's my map thoughts or
the music keep your eyes closed man yeah
found it that's the one hi there my
name's Marcus got a tractor
Marcus is trying to be me but a bit bit
bigger
very little a plane like a blind you
know in your life like vote this out
yeah we just got this really nice
restaurant I've got some food here
Marx's with me what you return weeds you
were taught a nice man it's in Urban
Outfitters which is quite strange all my
lens is a bit funny there we go yeah
marketed bullying me for this so much
but this is the best what's wrong with
that we're charging his home our phones
are dying every like one minute it's so
annoying war what's so funny you do good
I know okay so you need to eat my lunch
to the taxi waiting back to the hotel
now today we did so much nothing we're
still gonna go for a meal would like
Louise and Joel on that as well
nice topless evening I'm so tired so I
just wanna chill as well so go back to
the hotel room and I've had a shower and
I've got dressed I didn't want to film
that I didn't want you to see me naked
and you guys don't even say that
so this gets meant for tweeting me
saying please come down there's about
five of us so I just tweeted out saying
that's my hotel let me just put some
clothes and I'll come down give you a
hug them it's another picture give me
three minutes so it is time to go down
and say hello to her and find those guys
outside because I always do the most the
best that possible everything I possibly
can to meet as many of you guys as
possible so if you're ever at some hotel
or anything like that then let me know
and if I see it I would come down and do
the best I possibly can I just rush to
get ready because I don't have to be
waiting too long and there are any other
guys out there so I'm coming for you
that's not even Queen pain I meant I
comment to get fit.you with you I I
don't know I'm gonna go get some grub
also I've changed my headband dang what
end another one just my jokes because
why not
that was delicious that meal I don't
know I'm saying sarcastically because
actually was yeah what you think is I
got my camera to vlog this is useful I'm
gonna carry on vlogging cuz Louise is
about to blog Burghley blog blog blog
just log in log in right now log in log
in and just blogging right now okay yeah
since I've been wearing ridiculous head
wear all day
I've now opted for this over the one eye
and this is my final piece of headwear
for the evening hope you enjoy it leave
a comment down below which was your
favorite the black girls ma√±ana the
normal boyfriend out there the eyepatch
Breguet or this one
thanks thanks marques
the packet on sweat oh my gosh I you see
the lights and everything paranoid
we just met Rafaella okay so I've
stopped with all the silly hair and hat
stuff now hope you enjoyed that we're
just walking back me markers now
mersen's more markets because the other
guys are all going under too
the other guys are all going up the
Empire State but we obviously did that
earlier on today so we're both talking
about to throw down now and we're going
to catch some sleep to go up early
tomorrow do you have a breakfast guys
look where we are
when Grand Central Station from loads of
films including Madagascar and
everything like that this is so cool how
sick is this this is
hey guys is currently Popoff 8 and just
went for the lift now to go downstairs
to go meet the other guys to go and get
some breakfast
training we're walking to the base to
get some bread and my camera must get in
where how happy are you right now
you look like a really old woman how
happy you have your eggs yeah that's
right now let's find out
I'm back in my room and I'm doing the
worried check that I haven't left
anything behind kind of thing
hello is there anything on the water
anything there there anything in the
toilet in the shower yeah anything down
the side of the bed okay I think we're
all good to check out some a now in
Starbucks and I just got a zesty chicken
and black bean salad bowl some fruit and
a cool I'm a fresher oh it's only I'm
still being health you guys it's still
being heavily chasing that well even
though he just got lunch of Starbucks
well I say lunch I just got a little
fruit pop which I haven't yet and I dig
near that chicken salad I didn't really
like the leaves in it too much so I just
set the chicken and they've like be any
bits Samir Marcos just popped into
another little place and we've got some
light so now I'm showing you my bats you
find it just see it basically loads to
help yourself like kemar and chicken and
veg and chaos stuff and I'm super
excited just got back from tumbling out
grabbed our luggage
and we're jumping in a taxi to go back
to the airport
okay guys we're just about to board the
plane now we have got season everything
sorted but I'm gonna end the vlog here I
hope you enjoyed the fact that I mashed
it all into one sorry that I didn't log
too much of each day but I was just
enjoying it so much and we were quite
busy but I hope you guys enjoyed this
video if you did please give a thumbs up
I'm back to the UK now I can't wait to
see Zoe in everyone and my family yeah
give the video thumbs we enjoyed it and
I'll see you soon
