as we're off to London and with this one
I'm wearing a vest just because she's
nice and hot outside not you're in the
best it looks like it all right Marcus
is on the phone and we meeting up with
it collapses down a location it's much
pink and we meet up with Dan how Joey
who is Joe I guess laughs and we're
going to see one direction tonight turn
up the bass my house colors box slams yo
cross Hey
so we finally arrived Joe and Casper's
in my lunch what's happened
oh god I can't end imbibe it ends at
10:00 because you have more balls in it
Joe bought this the other day
so he's acting a little blog over there
so I just be Marcus 4-nil at FIFA and he
is now penny its Joe over there and what
you've got to upload a couple of videos
tonight Zoe still editing how's it going
yeah Louise and Anna here now go on
Louise go on go on
it is not actually don't know no Louise
though neither where you started Thank
You Vicky whoa you definitely warrior
okay Oh Oh straight down it I'll stay
down here I'm staying here to help you
I'm staying here to help you
oh my god Joe's on the railing so go
away you move up where Joe was yes there
is woo
turn up the bass amazing no oh it's not
sound like anything sexy British to do
music into baby nice just gonna have a
stroke and ever sexy sweep this up
that's a ukulele stuff over it no no me
like this yeah just give me like that
instead
yeah just no ma'am yeah just keep it
going keep it sexy the lowest yeah we're
finally here guys we've been in the car
for two and a half hours where we go our
ticket and we're here yes
okay they have a net you started yeah
yeah nice 5sos damn it but we all go
back to going now
finally
Oh
Oh
ah
there now
how it goes
ah
when you're ready
and
some side
you
this is one direction to finish now that
was absolutely amazing but Louie just
reminded me that we've got to be at the
airport 6:00 a.m. tomorrow morning
which flight at your 6:00 a.m. you happy
with that we're now back at Casper and
Joe's again often just driving back in a
car that Brooke gun twice on the way if
Katherine is here yeah and we've got to
get up in like five hours to go to the
airport so I'm going to end the vlog
here thanks watching guys I hope you
enjoyed the concert trying to put you
guys along with me and I'd such a bug on
the boys are amazing give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you soon bye
