and the lad tour begins well that's what
we're calling it there is me I'm so sure
if I leave anybody out me Marcus Joe
Casper Louie
Troy Connor then there's one more person
those wrong with us and how have I
forgotten somebody Troy Connor Tyler how
have I forgotten Tyler all of us going
on like a little tour we're starting
here in Milan and then we are flying
back in five days from Naples we don't
know how we're going to get there we've
got we put five different hotels but we
don't know how we're going to get each
place I think we're just going to try
and rent a car or two or maybe even
three and just have an amazing time it
is time to say goodbye to Milan and
where I've been staying this is the
leftovers of the room it's not too messy
don't worry guys these aren't letters
from viewers these are letters from the
people who create look Joe why I got Joe
sucks letter in here yeah this is his
name badge Joe sugg for ITA tube
yeah I've said goodbye to Zoe said happy
birthday to Louise everybody else who
was here like literally so many muscles
say goodbye to this morning they were
left at 11:00 and us boys I left I left
to travel so I need to check the room
now this is one thing that I'm always
scared to do is check in the room and
guess I've left anything behind I get
really nervous but I'm so excited for
this like little tour some that we're
going to do so let's have some fun
good morning no I didn't know what order
so I kind of want to predation or deceit
chicken curry - Salmonella project but
it started with something Kaido see them
another class
the story guys twice connected storage
on each other so he doesn't believe me
that my dad ran me over with a car we
don't just get paralyzed oh honey but in
addition they went like this for the
real some heavy band expect some
turn into like a sleep club owners woken
up now because the cabin is out by even
wanna sleep Tyler's out okay Jose Chavez
me and Troy can do your slabs on tour
are you in a band or something if you
had flemish Griezmann in a band for
debate it's our twitter lead guitar
let's sing it now like lead guitar or
like the second guitar but you're
singing at the same time I was listening
to jamming but leave me time a just
guitar or guitar and singing so I see oh
yeah like Luke I guess we finally left
the hotel after waited for how long
check and we just waited for them we get
the cars we've like lived in this lobby
oh yeah I wanted to leave hours I reckon
like four or five well put it this way
Zoe is back at home and has food in the
UK and we're still here but we're
leaving now
now it must be more than five and I
simply split up and it's me
corner Troy and Louie and then the
others in another car and then we're
just going to go where we go in where we
go in now where's the first stop
Jenova Genoa that's where we go never
sorry if you're watching this is for you
because this here look at this Nutella
the thing that you love but also drink
is that even a thing to tell it that it
that you love is that know but it's also
a drink as well oh yeah yeah no it's
like the dip thing but then it's a drink
oh let's draw I've seen these on tumblr
once again I have barely filmed anything
today and I am so sorry but it has been
like the most kind of productive but
also least productive day we have had so
far
it took us ten million trillion or a
minute Oh No are you still alive
I used to their million hours I don't
know if I can work it too awfully as I
said my lens my lens looks Ben Oh hours
to get a cars and then we split into two
fours is Louie outside I lose them and
just blogging I just dropped my camera I
don't know if it's broken or not yeah
and then I'm in touch with the lens it
breakfast in bed we're actually going to
get some dinner cuz it's only like half
past 10:00 yeah is then kind of got to
didn't know what to go for just go back
from having dinner now I had I don't
know if I showed you I've been so bad at
vlogging today and I'm so sorry guys
I've been saying they're gonna get
better and better but I'm just so bad I
don't know why I'm just having one of
those things where like you just suck at
doing YouTube for a while like I filmed
my next couple of main channel videos
and I'm really happy with them and I've
got lots of gaming videos ready and I'm
really happy with them
but these second channel ones I'm just
I'm just struggling with and I don't
know why I'm just finding it hard it's
hard when you're having such an awesome
time with your friends and I don't know
the daily vloggers I Louie and shaycarl
and stuff like that do it because what
I'm having such a good time with my
friends abroad and I'm travelling let's
say for example are the amazing views in
the car I'm enjoying them so much that I
forget to get my camera out and film
them so so much of these vlogs I'm
telling you guys like ah I'm doing on
the way to do this or I've just done
this and I forget to film the actual
thing itself because I'm enjoying it so
much at the time that I just don't even
think about getting a camera out and
then I'm like no I should have filmed
that that would have been an amazing
shot you guys would have loved to see
that but
I missed it because I just spent my time
enjoying it instead so starting tomorrow
I'm going to have my camera glued to my
hand so that you guys can see what is
going on at all times and not miss
anything tomorrow we've got like the
busiest best day ever
and I know you guys are going to love it
and we're staying somewhere tomorrow for
two nights and it is going to be in sane
I'm telling you like we've looked at the
place and it looks incredible so I'm so
excited about that but for now I've got
to edit some gaming videos and then get
some sleep because we're meeting for
breakfast tomorrow morning at 9 o'clock
so I will see y'all why do I do this
voice I will see you tomorrow guys
favorite moment everybody made my
goodnight guys and welcome back to Sims
episode number 14 today for DV what we
doing today today to try
