Banjara and welcome to day three that's
my Italian speaking okay why is that
laughter okay I was like hey anyways
today it is number two of ETA I still
don't even know which one is I should
probably ask like the creators of this
walking down some stairs which are
continuous again and again and again so
the boys are off now we've got a meet-up
starting it like now not half two hours
I don't know something that's we're
gonna go to the venue now look at this
balcony literally a book how's it going
today ma'am pretty good man yeah pretty
good
Steve had get me up in a I'm not any
Panem's kind of which I had trouble
eating your ass going to videos whether
it's scaring which is when you go gravel
boys then go through and like me once
you upload upload one video and to you
will buy me up now and I'm like so tired
by sentiment will meet up and it's going
so so I'm here this girl how are you
there
oh I'm fine thanks so much for coming
thank you some hug last bashing to meet
up let's have a heart thank you so much
for waiting
thank you okay so the meetup is over
everyone is
and I've got to go over here now can I
update time so I just got back to our
hotel grabbed Zoey's laptop because
she's feeling really poorly today so she
hasn't been able to go to it's a tube
and she's really really bummed that
she's missed out that she couldn't meet
you guys but she did me lots of
yesterday and she's trying her best to
like get better so that she can maybe
meet some of you later on or I don't
know something like that but she's
tucked up in bed but I've now grabbed
her laptop so that I'm gonna upload her
video tonight for her so she doesn't
have to because she can't get out there
so yeah Heavy D is going to go live I'm
just gonna go do that now
oh yes this is the life don't you notice
this kind of realize that I haven't
eaten all day I had like one spoonful of
pasta Elia we went on stage but now I
won't load in a video my laptop video is
oh heas laptop Casper's uploading you're
not going are you
but you're eating bad food oh you aren't
ledian are you uploaded yeah this is
like the true lifestyle of YouTube a you
see us at events having like fun time
and then this is what we like the rest
of the times are loading up loading
unloading unloading and eating like
breakfast ah where's the time one minute
eight I just logged more or less like
nothing today but we're now at a part of
the city apparently it used to be like
Venice guys look there's like water here
did you guys know the Milan used to be
like Venice and then they shot off all
the water streams are set from two and
one of them is here yeah I didn't know
that
let's do this apparently it was covered
in water you guys let me know in the
comments I'm off to go and meet like
Louise and Zoe and everyone's always
feeling better now I think or a bit
better and we're going to go meet
everybody for dinner and celebrate
Louise's birthday and Louise birthday
which is tomorrow but because they're
like flying back to the UK and stuff
we're going to celebrate it tonight
Tiny's got a speech
together
he's a man has something oh hey guys
China China so you just finished up the
meal now it was like the best beats I've
ever had ever
and which can I jump in a cab back now I
need to drop off these laptops maybe
we're gonna go out tonight
maybe we're not gonna go out tonight I'm
not too sure because it's Sunday oh hey
how are you doing ah thank you so much
sin hello I have demo oh that's crazy
okay so we're back at the hotel lobby
now and we're just chatting with Sylvie
I don't know why I said it like that yes
what was that it's not at all what she
sounds like
and she's gonna teach us some hand
gestures okay this is what do you want
is that actually Mina what do you want
are you joking or not you know seriously
see if I got somebody in there go
what yeah how do you want off in the UK
I've got them that smells really good
like yeah just nothing like this is the
smell Hey Oh watch me
Israel yeah now this is what do you want
and if you say like they're more people
they're full of people like the crown
like the stadium is full of people full
of people it works it's more like um
like milking a cow so if something is a
bad luck and we say I touch word or you
touch would ahead if not well then what
do you do you do like it there yeah and
then you can touch your genitals if you
touch the genitals
yeah just trouble your genitals
oh that means like wait if you scrub
your one genitals what do you buy
genitals you know wait what is ski you
have to scratch your genital how is it
good you scratch it yeah I have been a
big like little bit sugar like this and
then you go what yeah no way
I guys are gonna hold their balls yeah
literally I so much prefer just going
like this oh you can just get your boob
yeah there's something about gonna be oh
this is weird guys Italians are strange
right I'm gonna end the vlog here guys
good
we're gonna go to bed in a bit thanks
for watching I don't actually know if
I'm gonna load these videos feature this
will be up in some way or another
thumbs up if you enjoyed it say goodbye
ciao ciao guys
haha
