we've now just arrived at the venue and
we're walking around backstage oh you've
seen those are people in there but we
have done much they're way past 11:00
that's the latest I've ever working on
for an event and it made me happy I get
have a lie you I'm excited now to meet
so many of you guys this sounds massage
weird I never get them
okay like 10 minutes into the meetup and
we've had to slid it there are so many
people here so now it's a 3 for like 10
minutes and then them too and then we're
going to keep a switch and up through
can be as many of you as possible but
that was the craziest meter I have ever
been to that was like explain it in one
word
I don't even know earlier on when we
were doing a meet-up some fans named us
these t-shirts and they're like super
awesome so we're gonna wear them on
stage
somebody's just dropped this off to the
door we've got all of our names on em
yet Seeger okay thank you your twitter
names are not gonna fillet you know
Paula them then the sound good to me now
and now we're up to a restaurant to go
get some food so I'm eating all day
literally nothing the whole dose it's
got to literally literally so so Elektra
- Talia stop punching youtubers azulon
every time not every time in a video so
so literally what happens if I catch do
the Gateway flyer so that's not me and
Dori
if you see this on your comment saying
they say it's not there we would have
Mick if it's us we just got out of our
taxi now and we're just walking down
some little cobbled streets look at it
guys and it's like actual pebbly things
on the floor and we've gone up to a
restaurant
Tyler and toys just that we go to
because they said they loved it and I am
as I said earlier I literally haven't
eaten I'm so hungry
look at Tom Steyer stuff unless she
doesn't know I'm filming guys she
doesn't know Oh
let your finger lick your finger liggett
liggett we just finished our meal now
which was the most crazy over milk and
they made us pay 41 euros I keep my $10
for the tablecloth I was like what is
this and a tip as well only to wear one
as like a skirt or something and there's
like 41 years for the table don't know
one pane for the table you guys are
right
and then as well also a tip is crazy
bone because the food was good just very
very small and expensive guys look at
this massive like church thing as a
judge right yeah no I did oh wait no
it's good like Jesus on the front could
be a chapel
Milan you're so beautiful so we've been
taking pictures of me taking a bit job
Caspar taking a picture are they
confident in there we go so sexy Marcus
doesn't a chocolate in like two years
and I just had it for the first time
that he's being so I'd give them a
message
yeah it's like it's drunk on sugar whoo
yeah okay so finally all of these
magnets are actually ready I've been
waiting until I got off an hour to go
out now we're just gonna go and try and
get a drink now I like the bar and then
the club that we're going to is just
over there
I'm excited are you excited man yeah it
orders less what do they do in one bar
down we're going to try and go get a
drink a different drink from every
single bar no not a different ring Wow
Lauren I don't know I mean one drink
sweet spot and then go to the
and I won't look at the colors what
everyone is wearing in the background
that is that black white pink
Oh
and I kind of forgot to record anything
else from that evening but it doesn't
matter because you've got these two
videos here to check out we've got one
of my main channel and the previous
Italy day one
