how you doing
I've literally just been sitting here
dancing for the last like five minutes
to music and then I realize that I can't
put any of it in the video voice my
videos gonna get taken down because I
don't own the rights to use the music
that I was dancing to mister post Malone
I haven't I haven't done my hair today
so I don't know ever to wear a hat maybe
over Jim white people used to actually
wear hats like this right that was legit
how helped me we used to wear their hats
up back in the day like yo yo yo oh
sorry I've had a coffee this morning and
I've gone weird I had my hair cut
yesterday and I haven't bothered styling
it it still doesn't look right but trust
me I'm happy with the car didn't bother
spending the time blooming style air
which I haven't done this morning
evidently from oblem in outfit look what
I'm wearing I look like I'm sponsored I
wish of a sponsor by a D - how'd you
guess if you watch in hook a brother up
look at me I couldn't be wearing more of
your clothes as a tribe I've even got a
D - shoes on come on guys come on guys
the point of this video was not to get a
deed a sponsorship however that would be
nice that was not the point
good morning hi June everyone in this
car pile is looking at me very weirdly
everybody I just realized why I'm
probably so excited and so hiked that
because I'm currently heading off to go
grab my lunch I don't even need to say
what I'm getting for lunch you guys know
what I'm getting do I take the escalator
or do I take the lift that is the
question or I've just bloomin seen the
stairs these are the least convenient
these are the furthest away from
anything but I can guarantee you nobody
takes these stairs except for me always
always take the stairs is better
Fitness usually taking the stairs as the
quicker option however in this case I'm
now lost and it is not the quicker
option fire out there don't want it is
this it I just got to wait tries don't
be too happy any sushi or anything if
you're stupid like me and try and help
the environment you don't get a bag you
carry it all and risk dropping your
stuff
oh no oh no oh no also what am I trying
to vlog this this is making it so much
worse it is not long until I go on
holiday you know we are leaving on
Friday so just a heads up I know I've
already reminded you before in the
blog's I'm not going to be vlogging my
family holiday every year I take off my
family holiday completely because as
soon as we're like sunbae even I take
out the camera or as soon as we're like
eating dinner and I start filming it
just it just changes everything you know
like not that this feels like work but
it is just like fully nice to be able to
just chill you this is making me to them
just like chillin you know and relaxing
without having to think about vlogging
and editing especially in uploading of
worrying about internet speeds and
basically I'm not gonna be vlogging my
family holiday we are going away from
Friday from one week don't you worry
no it's gonna be all good buzz it's
gonna be all good we've got people
staying like as you know we don't leave
the house empty ever so we have people
staying at the house looking after Nala
and bars we've got people sending a
month like we're gonna be all good I'm
just taking a week off of daily vlogging
when I come back obviously we'll go back
to the daily vlogs and hopefully the
points bug channel will relaunch then
the gaming channel will relaunch then
but I do just want to remind you because
starting on Saturday for you because
office I'm gonna blog Thursday that will
go up on Friday but starting Saturday
for you there's not gonna be any vlogs
for a week don't worry nothing awful has
happened I've literally like I'm still
gonna run into them I'm still going on
Twitter I'm still gonna be at snapchat
I'm still gonna be around just no daily
videos for a week that's it that's it
that's it and then we'll be back there
moving back turned e running off home to
jump on skype with Zoey
so a bit confusing not Skype calling
Zoey to jump on a Skype call with Zoey
with one of you guys that watches the
videos that is going through a crazy
crazy tough time at the moment so I'm
gonna go surprise over Skype call just
make sure that everything is going as
good as it possibly can with her and
show her some love
kind of left my vlog camera in Zoey's
office for like four hours or something
and I didn't have a clue what's I'm only
just getting back to the blog if you
wondering why when we were on that Skype
call I'll explain where we're going in
the car give me ten seconds I just need
to run over to my office
grab some slippers you will see why
don't you worry
strangely I left some slippers in my
office the other day don't ask me why
here's one where the heck is the other
one
both the slippers we're ready we're
ready to roll tonight guys we are off to
go and see a early screening of the new
movie it it's literally a crazy scary
horror movie and we're going to gnaw
pajamas we've got a bunch of friends
joining us we should play more of those
um what would you do oh yeah I've also
got another idea for later on tonight in
the doll you're allowed your iphone
torch only hide-and-seek in the house is
that after the movie I think after the
film it's gonna be at least three hours
after my bedtime I'm going to have to
bed it is currently
25 minutes past 10:00 we are getting
into the cinema for 11:00
we're going to watch a film 11 p.m. who
does not us over me I said tomorrow and
the film isn't out yet till Friday I
said mark I've never feed this animal
that late in Fela in my life this
lighting is actually quite know why did
you know when I went to the midnight
release of the Justin Bieber movie did
you yeah that's kind of key
I like we're going to see the film act
which is a remake of the Stephen King
closet marked on the backgrounds poppy
doesn't like clowns your mugs are coming
anymore but she doesn't like clowns
his dad company's not Victoria yeah I'm
very excited about it as is everyone
else it's very much so I think
but yeah we should list it all the way
all the way now to the cinema which we
listen to I'm gonna give you a scenario
so scenario is who's this girl
it's late at night I go outside I'm
gonna drive by the woods on the way home
and we're going to pull over and have a
wood exploration no listen this is my
scenario it's late at night I think I
hear a noise on the driveway so I say
wait there you two I'm going outside
okay yeah you then hear a blood-curdling
scream rattling scream and then it goes
silent do you a run outside to check I'm
okay regardless of what it could have
been do you be both stand there for 10
minutes deciding which one of you is
going to go out first
do you see think it's a joke and wait
for me to come back inside right can I
say Dee no a really good day yeah
wide run into the living room with a
fever like Alfie quickly turn on
security cameras for the front guard and
see where she is so you hear a
blood-curdling scream instead of coming
to let me you look at the security
because it could have been a joke so I'm
like I'll just quickly so I watch God
while you turn skewing apposite leave it
blood-curdling like a scream you've
never you did in my car the other day
was pretty much yeah really was I'm
saying I would run straight out however
if I went past the kitchen maybe on
purpose I get an eyeful but then if it
is a prank a night and I've ran out
there like you'd be like wait I'd be
like that's not funny yes I would know
that you were worried
not what I would endorse doing that but
you put you pull pranks all the time
will you be a prank or to the dollhouse
is pretty safe like we've got crazy
security I'd never I never think it was
boy who cried wolf come and see but I do
dare security cameras all right ok :
thanks guys thanks for tuning in in the
comments what you would do
the mood is raisi
this evening I'm whispering Oh Martin is
Bulova no it did it the bins get hid you
Marcus gonna pull his pants tonight
everybody we look a little bit crazy
we've got Zoe in a fluffy pink pajamas
mark is in pajamas underneath my coat
I'm in pink pajama shorts and that
fluffy white hoodie so going to a cute
little cinema called Duke of York's
tonight yo this is gonna be scary once
the lights go off
I say we each go completely separately
all dotted around yeah guide you you go
back yeah by yourself in the corner gone
fill all dotted separately optimum scary
I know I've got a really good one but I
don't know where it is
you had just absolutely just sit at the
back of a red balloon wait are we going
in like a pack or we run in a line
oh yeah mark I wouldn't be on the end if
I was you you got the boogy boogy ice
cream yeah you know about that
you got a beer instead yeah I got the
little healthy ice cream you guys got
blankets on the camera the curtains were
open and I see you guys after Michelle
was literally laying on the floor most
of the time hiding here a little your
feet were higher than your head see you
later good luck tonight pop in your long
hallway Oh buddy ow oh my god what the
heck I never job in Italy like right
there oh my gosh the whole time the
whole time I was watching I was like
great we've got a basement great and I
was literally sitting there notes to
Chris and I was like grace I've got to
do washing in the basement tonight for
holiday here's like no you haven't
I thought it was so good I thought it
was so good there was so much going on
constantly what is that oh the clown no
when he got out of the cupboard and then
he was like no you're in like this you
went out the cupboard night mate I'm
coming for you I'm come in monkey boy
monkey Pennywise
Seanie here somewhere we've got oh my
god where's my mask
I can't stand no I'm not I will protect
you it's horrible oh it's wicked Sun
comes out well if you need to toilet in
the night there's no one in there oh you
look so gross like that try it on what
if it molds to my face you put it on
site oh boy looks even scarier do the
Pennywise does it looks so messed up
cause the head is so big on your little
body hate that it's like a child man
you're in the cupboards just trying to
be crazy hey Boyd to debut our covens
areas like that in the corner I'm oh I
look so messed up what is going on Darla
why are you crying what's the matter
baby
Nonna's moaning in here what are you
doing in bed you're the one in bed
tonight has been eventful tonight has
been amazing thank you so much thank you
so much to the people that made the film
it for having us tonight for letting us
watch it early for letting us watch it
in the entire cinema just to ourselves
it was incredible what the film was
awesome I believe it is out on Friday
what's the matter
I believe it's on Friday so go check it
out when it's out this is not an ad they
simply let us watch it early because
we're going to work in holiday and we've
been so excited to watch it go do that
again look walking them up and doing
that know if you enjoyed the vlog give
it a thumbs up subscribe down below if
you're not sorry that's gonna scare the
heck out of her I'll see you tomorrow
for the last vlog tomorrow before what
you do in for four we add and before we
go we're on the family holiday last blog
tomorrow
I'll catch you then
