hey guys I am in Italy I'm not gonna
film Zoey because she is currently
tucked up in bed she's a bit sleepy
because we had a super early flight
today Hey
tada but I'm here oh wait you can't see
your hair cuz it's behind I want to show
you them it looks so cool slow man up
mm-hmm
wait slow mo this okay um we're gonna go
off now with loads of people there are
so many youtubes here and it's such a
weird like ragtag group of evil this
disgusting now there are so many people
here and it's a lot of fun literally
you're here like ten minutes ago but the
plane ride was ready cause I'm like an
hour and a half an hour 50 minutes I
just slept the whole time
this hotel is weird guys it's all
lightning I've read it and dark and the
lips are like this is oh look look at
this I'm stuck in the doors we're late
we're late as usual and we're gonna
flash I forgot how good the pizzas are
gonna be here I'm so excited I'm
concerned because we all know what
happens when I try American cheese she
pays herself much is everywhere every
time a girl like me
come on man come on I wanted to make it
in socks but it was hurting
basically siesta time which absolutely
sucks which means every restaurant and
cafe is closed so we know in a
supermarket when it Steve is like mr.
trick man he does like juggling and
tricks and throwing teabags into cups
from long distance boy what about this
no bro jungle man well you won't just
carry those bro yeah wait that splats
man freelee's yeah yeah yeah yeah are
they gonna shout me
like what become yeah I'm up hello
juggling veto we got some bigger balls
going down these guys are are they're
heavy
nope
yes melon chugging that's good
apparently Knicks got some sick
translator or as Casper says translator
oh that's a man your key means nuts but
sugar this so no for real Brie
biological nuts and checking the other
side so what's the point of learning
languages both who needs to learn
languages nowadays though no way and you
cannot pause it
that's me no look at that guys it
changes it from there today all my life
I've been searching for one thing and
I've just found it guys it's down here
it's a Tron key voting on a trunk I'm
getting one you know getting work what
you want I'll goodness money Co what'd I
say
chill out those little boys little boys
yeah these are good man I love these
guys boy this little egg in that oh hey
there so you come all the way to Italy
and we wanted to try out some amazing
cuisine so we've come to get a toastie
in literally like a bar out of ten what
is it I never flew a 10-8 I'm very
waited out I'm very hungry probably
wouldn't happen six that's it maybe five
I'm going like a 4.5 it's not like a
toasted it's more like bread I am the
worst person at blogging ever I
literally I just don't feel like I'm
used to daily blogging again it's been
like a month since playlist and I need
to get back into the swing of things
because I'm just missing everything and
just blogging things that you guys don't
even care about watching so if today's
vlog isn't great I'm very sorry and I'll
try and make them get better and better
throughout the week but now we had just
gone off to central it is half past four
cuz the times going forward an hour here
and a group of us gonna enter central to
go and try and use my shop in and just
see the place and see like everything
you
so we're just walking to get some shops
and we bumped into to tour guides
they're showing us and then watch our
videos and they've said that they're
going to show us on the shots like the
nice places and the shops and stuff
this is on talking guys this is like
proper Italy that I wanted to see but
trees and roads and all of that stuff we
interrupt the shows like the quirkiest
iPhone and just Apple ish products check
this so you get bored of like holding it
regularly right you just hold it like a
purse you know just stop going out for
shopping trip imagine a check these as
well these I'm liking this they're like
would it you got it was always about
them yeah he's very bought then the
other day
yeah man I've just got back to the hotel
room now and I am literally dead I'm
also eating some of these which I'm not
to be the fan of sweets I prefer
chocolate don't even know I'm telling
you this I'll just hang out for that
half an hour with Tyler Troy Jo Louise
and Zoe but I am so tired and we've got
21 minutes
no 18 minutes until we have to be
downstairs do it for a meal for Casper's
birthday which I'm super excited about
because I wanna celebrate his birthday
and have a nice meal because we put to
rest Iran by am so dead because I only
got like three hours sleep like one and
a half hour last night and an hour and a
half on the plane I want to go to bed so
I just woke up and I kind of fell asleep
literally into a half past seven I'm
just the throw one random clothes now
and get ready as quick as I can because
we're going after Casper's meal so I've
got to go go go go dad oh I had so much
washing to do before I went away to come
here that I had to give it all to a
cleaners to get it done in time and my
jeans are so tight my legs literally
can't breathe or move if this is like
I'm wearing girls leggins times ten
and is like I'm wearing this pole this
fireman's thing on my legs I'm literally
falling asleep we've just got this place
here with these chapter I'm so excited
to eat oh I've been waiting for this all
day we healthy can we not fight anymore
we're not
Charlie's got this obsession that we had
a fight on Twitter what we did it was
huge it was trending Alpen smart
tolerably down it's been all you've
ordered an empty sent me to eat starter
that's 25 pitches we've got trouble with
that it's going to be like like very
shiny blog and I'm like yeah bye
I never knew that Louise was in the
circus guys check this okay now is it
that's what you get in we're now off to
an ice cream place I believe and then
we're going out clubbing afterwards
hopefully can you even go clubbing
what is that Randall all doing I have no
idea around a wall let some drunk what
is this
I'm so confused so I asked what this
rule was earlier and now I've got a tour
guide with me hello so anyway this was
erected nearly 19-hundred however these
deeds and a remnant from the sixteen
hundreds that were brought here when
they were rebuilding that church an
interest and now it's very much similar
in New York City this is kind of like
the Washington Square atmosphere of I
guess Milan Milan have you ever made
Milan the film misery just walked away
from everybody else why they getting ice
cream to come and look at this shot guys
look at these sofas they're like really
low down and really
they're so quirky so cool I want to see
look at this table as well
I like the lamps with their books yeah I
think they're really good everything I
just want this shot whoever owns this
shop here what is it cool
this run give me your shop I just got
back to the hotel room now guys check
these mirrors out I really want one
they're the ones we like the lights on
the outside and this one is so awesome
it's a super zoom it oh my god I look
like an alien where but it makes your
skin look so bad okay I don't even know
if this video is ever going to go up
because I bet you found anything today
I'm gonna end the vlog here guys I hope
you did enjoy if you did then give it a
thumbs up I promise you tomorrow video
we better
good bye might never ever remember bye
