so I made a video couple of weeks
obviously I'm here with Louie thought
we'd just do another like sit down chill
video because I don't want a couple of
weeks ago on being a teenager
and they've got a crazy good response so
I just thought I'd do another sit-down
old school did you ever do videos like
this just sing no I I came in late to
the game man so you know we're now you
swap loaded aces just sitting to this no
editing nothing just chat yeah I think
my mum still does that though she ate
yeah sick we're gonna be talking about
making friends and peer pressure and
stuff like that in this video but yeah
cool yeah yeah oh you don't say
what do you think well what's your
opinion on making friends are in school
we want to talk to you guys about topics
I do in these videos about things that
you guys can just listen to you it may
be a bit of advice maybe it's an inside
something the other thought before
maybe it's like wow that is a big load
of rubbish whoever watched this like but
that's up to you but yeah making friends
and stuff I think we have both legs
quite interesting lives and experienced
a lot and we can give you some wisdom
and things we've learned we might not
always be right yeah no definitely not I
think there's definitely stuff we can
all learn from each other
yeah I'd say in terms of making friends
like I was never someone that felt like
I needed to be in the most popular group
of kids at school yeah but I so I
definitely kind of deny I don't think I
was like and like just a nerd like no
one likes me but I think I was quite
unique so I don't know you about making
friends I don't know whether I was like
consciously like oh I've got to make
friends friends or just stick with the
people I think I was just like I'm gonna
be myself and if people wouldn't be my
friends then those are the people I want
to be my friends because they're being
my friends not because I'm trying to be
anyone else I'm not trying to impress
him you know and obviously I think you
don't want it you don't want to rely a
friendship on like trying to impress so
many things and you've always got to
keep up that like force like enhanced
version of yourself yeah you don't want
to be able to just be like
hey I'm hanging out and stuff like that
and just chill and have like pajama days
and stuff and also you don't want to
become someone that it's just you're
just pleasing someone else's
expectations you're just trying to be
things that they will approve of and I
think that's how you can sometimes go
down a route where you're you end up I
don't know I guess down a bad path you
know yeah yeah I think I've definitely
found making friends
easier as I've got as I've got older
because I think people become more
mature and they're less like I don't
know at school I feel people at all like
in a bit clicky and a bit like bitchy
against each other and scores they have
so many like groups you're like oh no
you're friends with that group or this
group or that group when I was at school
I was friends with like a lot of people
from my different like groups or Klee
because of stuff like that and it wasn't
like ah out of his friends with them lot
I was just friends with like loads of
people from different groups I don't
really I don't know I never really saw
friendship groups as like defining I was
just like well if I get me that bus
might get on with that person why am I
not just hanging out both for them that
doesn't make sense to me like I think
something I've learned about making
friends as well as like not put people
in like in like pigeonhole people
because I think you can easily look at
someone and judge them if it's in your
head like oh I think that I probably
won't get on with them or they're
probably like this but I think you'll
find everyone is so unique that I
usually find something to connect with
someone on Jim oh yeah no it's
definitely a level and that's what I
think like youtubers often get one so
well is because it's such a big part of
our life yeah we like so if you guys are
like doing like a sport like you find it
hard to make friends and you both like
you you do a lot of football you do a
lot of like tennis or something then I
think that's quite high like chance
you're gonna find somebody that friend
does it also just the same thing well
let's go chess club yeah oh yeah primary
school and I was part of the choir
that's like the typical high school
chess club there wasn't even a chess
club haha Chelsea was saying like I was
saying if you if you go to clubs that
you enjoy your things this tons of club
I mean we
referring mainly to school but even out
of school I did gymnastics ask your mind
listen to the same gymnastics places me
yeah you'll find people that you
naturally connect with at those places
like on say I'm thinking like if I was
struggling to make friends I'd probably
make an effort to like small groups yeah
because otherwise you I mean the last
thing you want to do is just sit on the
internet all day I mean you can make
friends online but I mean that's what I
do
no yeah no I understand like if you're
meeting somebody that has like a massive
part of their life is the same as part
of your life then of course you're more
likely to get on do you know I found
this crazy actually saying that
sometimes we're not seen especially like
YouTube meetups or things like that yeah
where someone has the same thing they
have in common is that they watched a
youtuber yeah no I make friends okie to
bleach out some yeah oh you know I'm
just saying like making friends yeah I
love that yeah Allah won't be like a
real community that people can meet yeah
like people say oh yeah the YouTube
community but it legit actually can be
like not saying this to plug in my
Twitter or anything but like people on
my tweets from like a viewers tweeting
another view I like yeah friendly like
just chain and I'm tagged in as well so
I can read the conversation and they
just say oh yeah no this this this worry
in this and I'm just like sick people
are making friends by like watching me
so cool something the people commenting
loads on my facebook was saying like I
don't have many friends it's hard to
make friends as ever like that I don't
think the fact of having many friends
makes a difference I think that's true
if you have one friend that is like
absolutely amazing that's better than
like 2,000 friends that are crap and
like talk behind your back and all of
that kind of stuff like I don't think
having a number or like I've got this
many even friends on Facebook I remember
when it was like the cool thing to do
was to like try and have as many friends
at Facebook as possible and it's like
I've got more friends than you but now I
really regret adding all those people no
offense of yours but now I'm like I
don't even recognize half the people in
my facebook wall men are like cut down
to like 200 friends yeah or less I don't
know but like yeah quite quality over
quantity guys Stephanie I definitely
think my friends and quality is
important as well I think the people you
surround yourself with actually is one
of the most important things I've found
in life is
putting good people around you
connecting with people that you trust
that treat you well and that date like
abuse you in a friendship on whatever
level psychological emotional those
people like lifelong kind of friends yes
no like you want to be friends with
people like that because that's what you
fall back onto that's what you feel
supported by I felt no matter where I'm
in on nomadicant moment traveling the
world but no matter where I am or what
I'm doing I know I've got this a core
group of friends like just a handful of
friends but I know that they'll always
like whatever happens they'd always be
there for me you're one of them boy
that's getting deep yes right that's so
true definitely I think like doesn't
matter how many friends you have as long
as they're like good friends you'll find
them eventually even if you don't have
any like amazing friends now somebody
could be like an average friend and then
you get to know them a lot better and
better and better and then they're like
an amazingly close friend and I want to
move to peer pressure east side of
things I don't know it's weird we will
talk about peer pressure being like
forced into drugs I'm for thin stuff
like that I don't think it has to be
that evo it can be like as small as
forced into talking about somebody in an
uncomfortable way that you don't want to
talk about like I know somebody's
bitching about somebody else and you
don't want to get involved but you feel
that you have to it I think it's like it
sucks and just do what you want to do
don't bother giving in because it
doesn't really matter if somebody if
somebody is like trying to pay press you
into it and they know that you're not
comfortable and they're still trying to
then I don't and they deserve your time
or your opinion or for you to you can do
what they're trying to make you do and I
think I think in the long term people
respect people a lot more that are true
to themselves so if you don't want to do
something yeah but all your friends are
like oh come on going you know what I
love whatever it is and then you give in
then you change like this the stand
you've made yeah I feel like you're
being a pushover and like if you really
don't to do something don't then people
will respect that no f'n Utley if they
respect you like when I was when I was
in school like and when started
everybody started that trying cigarettes
for the first time and stuff like that
and it
smoke is really cool I did so good today
I've never tried to cigarette myself and
they meant never boy never tried
cigarette if you haven't tried to
cigarette well done do you know what my
thought was on it I was like okay what I
don't want to smoke full still but and
then I thought what if I people know you
might like it I'm like well if I like it
that's probably even worse yeah why do
then I did
it's like unhealthy like and I don't
feel the need to know need a smoke so
like why would I try it like it's not
something I'd want to get into the habit
of yeah so I just made that decision
early on and I stuck to it other than
that oh yeah no since like day one I
remember since like when I found out
about smoking and being bad and
everything like that and people like oh
yeah you're gonna try it one day and I'm
like no I'm not like you and I'm like
I'll put it this way I don't want to
start smoking and I'm not going to so
why would I try it I'm not gonna start
yeah I just seems like the stupidest
thing and people say like you should try
everything once or you know I don't
think that's entirely true I think you
can learn from other people's mistakes
and you can learn from just observing
and I observed a lot of people and I've
never had someone that smokes be like oh
I'm so glad I stopped so it's actually
amazing or you know whatever it is like
some of my friends use drugs and they
none of them a lot how such a good
decision
yeah such a good does it mostly be like
such a bad decision
yeah everyone let me I'm such a bad
route and I mean like so learn from
other other people you don't need to be
peer pressured into making your own
mistakes yeah now I remember when I was
at school and everyone was like start
trying cigarettes and stuff like that
and then years they told like go to
party in somebody blah
I want to go so for cigarette I'll be
like no I don't smoke I've never
actually tried to end their black well
we never tried to play yeah oh wow
that's why awesome and I'm like and you
don't we're trying then when you were
younger thinking it was cool and now I'm
the one that's like getting the good
reputation for not ever trying it on the
article on the peer pressure topic I'm
gonna lightly like touch on this even
though I said it it's probably a whole
topic in itself but with relationships
for instance like so another thing at
school like you feel this pressure I
need to get a girl for any other
boyfriend's I didn't actually have a
relationship really until I was like 21
which is really
and I never told you with this but it's
the first time I properly kissed a girl
I was 21
maybe I was 22 anyway what all I'm
saying is you don't need to feel this
pressure like you people won't you know
people will judge you if you don't know
people like I'm gonna lose your
virginity with this number right why
does that affect you
that's that fit your friends does that
fit our friendship no to go away
it's all down to like I just I wasn't
bothered I was like yeah I'm very happy
as I am I know I don't a Russian
something will get hurt so anyway yeah I
was just saying like that's something as
well that you don't need to feel a
pressure as some sometimes it's not like
one person like it's just it's a social
pressure something yeah I know here's
the thing yeah there's like this like
this feeling of like society as expected
me to do something yeah
whatever it could be relationships topic
but that's like girls being like slim
and eating healthy and exercising supply
them with the magazines are like posting
pictures of slim girls like no not at
all do what you want to do so I think
that's not just peer pressure but like
pressure from society and yeah and I
think it comes under the same thing if
you happy with yourself I think that's
an important thing be happy with who you
are and I know it's easier said than
done but if you can find a place where
you're confident and happy with it as
soon as you've made and what you know
the route you're on direction and how
your life's going then you don't need to
fit you don't need to like a charge that
for anyone yeah you can just be like I
feel the pressure but it doesn't mean it
so the pressure is there but I'm not
gonna like react to it and like buckle
and be like oh yeah stay strong guys we
have that's everything I can think yeah
and okay click thumbs up if you enjoyed
the video I feel bad saying I can't eat
video but if you enjoyed this think it
comes up and we can do more if it was
helpful
yeah alright well I hope it was helpful
obviously cause if you want to know have
a chat with between yourselves make some
friends and if you want to like
talk about your opinion on the topic
stuff like that if you think that we're
wrong about something say and don't know
arguing moan each other just be honest
and say so if we didn't care
leave some other topics if you want us
to talk about different things maybe
like go into more detail about
relationships or talk about confidence
or body issues or social groups or
something like that I don't know and you
guys know what to do by now
subscribe to Louie he obviously makes
videos every single day and yeah yeah
yeah thanks for watching
no edited no guts nothing in this video
Wow but any guys I have people like
you're watching me now tell me this all
the time to revise to work hard do stuff
like that and I mean I did work a bit
and I worked and I got like good grade
