this video I thought I would just take
it back old school today like like my
old videos used to be when people
started YouTube it wasn't it wasn't edit
in there wasn't even such a big thing
around vlogging it was just sit down and
chat to a camera because that's what you
want to do so today that is what I want
to do so I'm just gonna sit down here
now yeah one let's talk about just put a
facebook status a him oh where was that
I felt like filming a little sit-down
slash chatty vlog for my second YouTube
channel and leave your comment down
below loads of you are commenting which
didn't surprise me because this is a
very very popular topic about school
GCSEs relationships and all stuff like
that and I've done videos on my main
channel about this before but I just
thought I would tell you five little
things that I want you guys to know
about school and like being like a
teenager like that age kind of things
because a lot of my viewers are at that
age and if you're not then you don't
have to watch no no George any of these
videos if you don't enjoy the videos I
don't even know why you're watching them
but that's a different thing anyway
school so I wrote a list of five things
number one the things that you're
worrying about now mean nothing like
honestly guys I can't express to you how
little the things that you're worrying
about when you're a teenager that you
think are a big deal on a big deal like
when I was like 14 the biggest deal
would be maybe like I don't even know
like somebody trying to cigarette and
everybody with everybody would be like
oh my god did you know that Dan or
Rachel or somebody has tried this
cigarette oh my god this or did you know
somebody didn't bother going to lesson
yesterday or oh my god Holly's broken up
with Jacob or things like that and it
seems such a big deal and like your life
is over and how will it ever be the same
at the time or no I forgot that I didn't
have know that I did have homework for
tomorrow and I haven't handed it in I've
got it ready and some of that it doesn't
matter it's not the end of the world
you're only young
it does not matter these things are very
very small to the comparison with your
whole life they may feel big at the time
and you may be so upset and worrying so
much about something like a relationship
or that you like a boy or do you like a
girl order something like that it
doesn't matter
trust me it feels like a big deal it's
not relaxed number two do more of what
makes you happy like I can't stress this
enough I did something stupid that I
regret when I was young it's not even
it's really stupid I basically I quit I
used to do gymnastics professionally for
like six years I did it no not
professionally cheese it wasn't my job I
mean competitively like I did
competitions of gymnastics and I loved
it I enjoyed it so much and for some
reason I gave it up so that I could go
out to parties on Friday nights because
my main in my main training session was
on a Friday and I thought I want to
start going out to more parties and
there on Friday nights so I quit
gymnastics or most of them to go to
these parties why I did I don't know at
the time it made me more happy so I was
kind of do or do what more of me a
little bit a lot do more of what makes
you happy but I don't know I just I
regret quitting gymnastics that's not
like a big thing like I'm not like oh no
every day I don't really care too much
but I'm just thinking it would be cool
to still be able to do some of the cool
stuff but I'm just saying like do
subjects in school that make you happy
do things after school that make you
happy don't think oh no my friend
Rachel's not doing Pilates class I'm not
gonna do it that doesn't matter don't do
Pilates class if you want to do that go
do whatever you want to do honestly beam
within reason don't like murder somebody
number three is so easily like thrown
aside work hard I'm like I don't know I
can't describe this one because back
when I was in school I didn't work the
hardest something that I did good I did
a right like I did average weather but I
just had to know who I was one of those
people and I'm guessing this some of you
out there that are like this where you
have somebody tell you you've got an
exam coming up in ten days that goes
into one head into one head into one ear
and says ten days comes out the other
day and you've got like ah I've got
eight days until I need to start
revising and then you revise for two
days no don't do that just some advice
for all of the ten days ten days out of
your whole life or however many days say
you've got 100 days to exam 100 days out
of your whole life is nothing revise
your freaking butt off I have people
like you're watching me now tell me this
all the time to revise to work harder do
stuff like that and I mean I did work a
bit and I worked and I got like good
grades but I could have done so much
better if I could be bothered to and I
don't know why I couldn't be bothered to
and trust me once you're older you will
realize that it was stupid that you
didn't bother to as much as you should
have if that makes sense basically no
matter what anybody says whenever
somebody calls you a nerd or a geek or
any of that do I even care about your
opinion No shut up I'm gonna work and
get a better grade than you so don't
even give me your opinion none
girlfriends or boyfriends whether you've
got a girlfriend or a boyfriend or both
or none or anything you're 14 you're 15
to 16 whatever age you are it doesn't
matter it literally does not matter I
had one girlfriend when I was 15 for a
year then I didn't have another
girlfriend till I was 19 with Zoey
I didn't care I literally didn't care at
all just thought I tell you that know
why but yeah so I'm saying now if you're
like 15 and you're friends of all the
girlfriends boyfriend and they're like
oh yeah I kiss my boyfriend I kiss my
girlfriend whatever they're like cool
freakin story you haven't got a
girlfriend a boyfriend good for you that
you don't have a girlfriend a boyfriend
because you're gonna find somebody
that's right for you
so that doesn't matter about them they
can't laugh at you they can do whatever
they want because eventually you're
gonna find somebody that's right for you
and it doesn't matter about them see how
relaxed this video is my phones even on
she probably turn that off right number
five this is getting longer than what I
thought surround yourself with people
who bring out the best in you don't hang
out with the kids that you don't want to
be hanging out with guys don't hang out
with the kids they're gonna okay I lied
right so tell my phone off now I don't
off I light and I lost my track now
yeah don't hang out with the kids
they're gonna influence you and stupid
stuff don't hang out with the kids just
because you think that they're the cool
popular ones in school but it's just me
once you leave school they're nobodies
you're a nobody you're out in the big
wide world and you're the one left with
whatever silly things you've done with
that group of friends basically what I'm
trying to say is make friends that bring
out the best in you hang around with
positive people that are gonna make you
a better person and that you can stay
friends with forever and just have a fun
time with when you're young and have fun
should have put that one on there as
well
denim I did on number six I lied before
the six have fun don't worry about
anything and have fun right that is it
I like doing this I like just sitting
down and chatting I feel like I haven't
done this in ages no editing on a whole
video that's like eight minutes long
crazy
what is this YouTube thing okay that's
it
don't know how to end this now because I
can't edit thanks for watching guys if
you did enjoy this style of a teen you
want me to do like some more then give
the video a thumbs up comment down below
like being serious guys if you don't
want to see more like this if you just
rather just daily vlogs occasionally
when I do do a daily vlog then that's
absolutely fine then comment down below
saying daily vlog comment down below
saying daily vlog plus chilled blogs
comment down below whatever kind of
videos you want to see in this channel
I'm up for doing anything right I don't
even care don't even care what I do on
this channel proven by no editing in
this video if you did enjoy it give it a
thumbs up if you did and then don't
worry about it
I don't mind that's absolutely fine as
well thanks for taking the time to
listen to me
if this helps one of you literally one
person watching this whole video and the
rest of you hate it then that's good
I've helped one person and that was the
aim I'll catch you soon see you later
guys oh it's right
