hey guys saw him back from playlist and
I'm vlogging again I've told you that I
wanted to put more effort into vlogging
and do more of it on this channel and I
am I'm currently in my flat by myself
because this is my flat I don't live
with Zoey I live by myself it means I we
just hang out obviously a lot so I
thought that you've seen this room this
is what I feel my gaming videos y'all on
here I bought this the other day
actually let me show you from a little
art shop do you like this that's quite
cool isn't that so Louise Darcy a matter
over for the weekend although it's
always at the moment they're staying
there and so they just come for lunch
now I was editing my last playlist blog
which is going to go up to night and
then I'm going to go because they've all
need to lunch but I'm still super hungry
I'm going to go now and grab some lunch
by myself quickly from Starbucks and
then I'm going to go meet them
and we can hang out for the day they're
also hit tomorrow so I'm guessing that
I'm going to make today and tomorrow
into one video and just have like a
dusty Louise map Zoe Alfie weekend style
video and we bought so we bought Zoe we
bought Darcy me as I bought Darcy most
awesome birthday present ever because
it's about to next week but we won't see
you next week so I didn't end up going
for lunch while my foot because we've
got two minutes till we have to be a
restaurant that we've both these guys
are all hyper Zoe show them the present
that we bought Darcy this is what means
are we bought Darcy oh did we buy
dusty fits and everything well I'm not
so sure about Zoey go drive I want to go
you are okay let me just go let me just
go once no my I just wanted one drive
like I would wake up good yeah yeah
that's good for some dinner just having
it is so snuggly mmm
then why cuz we haven't got to be the
restaurant or anything like five minutes
like three minutes ago this is much
better being a restaurant
so we're now back from the restaurant
and Darcy is playing in a car is only
yeah oh that's right yeah but backwards
yeah here we go you brushing his hair
Darcy stop they got knots be very gentle
you think he likes it is it dinner
that's not dinner or you want to feed
him dinner yeah okay should I go and get
some lettuce eating it yeah I'm gonna go
Percy dinner too oh hey Sharon go see if
they're not sharing are they are they
pulling it to each other
oh let me give them another piece look
it's 3 o'clock in the morning now guys
or 10 minutes past 3:00 everyone else is
going to bed Louise's literally just
gone to bed we stop just chatting for
absolutely ages about so much different
stuff I love late-night talks I fell
asleep from 9:00 p.m. or they're
watching a film comment but I don't even
know what film they're watching I didn't
even get towards the beginning and then
woke up at 12 o'clock and now I'm kind
of wide awake it's 3:00 a.m. just
updated my tumblr guys I made it all
like nice looking and stuff so go follow
me on tumblr my tumblr pointlessblog TV
um blood calm anyways I said that I was
going to vlog this weekend and not just
today so don't worry although this blog
has probably been like a minute long so
far I'm going to film tomorrow and put
it into this video as well so goodnight
guys I will see you tomorrow in this
in video good morning guys kind of
didn't get sleep last night till about
5:30 the clocks went forward that didn't
help but also as I said either three
hour nap so I kind of ended up
flawlessly but help us for but the talks
went forward so it's half past five and
now it is what's the time now actually I
think it's like half past eleven
Louisa still in bed the other two are up
so let's go have some breakfast
so in our cooking some chocolate nests
sorry Darcy sorry what your bacon some
chocolate and shredded wheat nests and I
get a fat mini eights in them easiest
thing ever
yeah yeah yeah what I'm gonna end up
wearing this now I'm absolutely obsessed
with mine at a moment guys I say four
hours now is what do different binds oh
shut your eyes you shut your eyes
no you're kicking my face Darcy that's
horrible
so I'm balloons at your own child
horrible mother my best mummy we're in a
lab I'm just some West little one he's
done nothing oh it's a lovely maracas
then proud mother your daughter saw her
fast car
Louise is gonna run a jump go Louise go
jump
how fun was that hey swag gold
Cinderella does the shoe bitch
we just get fish and chips now Darcy is
falling asleep
means Aria sharing because we don't like
it too much
Louisa got some jets Annette's got chips
Ellis after and Darcy still asleep then
we just finished lunch and I need to go
to town now because I'm seeing my mom at
eight o'clock art windy and see my mom
at eight o'clock tonight she just got
back from being abroad with a friend and
it's Mother's Day so I need to buy her
some flowers and already got her a
present which Louise helped me buy in
America in Sephora but yeah I've got a
card for her and a present but I need to
get her some flowers obviously so I'm
going in it's now now leave these guys
and then go over to my flat I also need
to have a shave because I don't like
having this much stubble I'm very
particular whoever let me turn the light
on how much table I've got on my face
and this is way too much I don't like it
cuz I'm about to film some videos with
Joey Graceffa let me just show you here
the flowers that I bought my mother for
Mother's Day got some lovely flowers the
woman in the shop was absolutely awful
you know you go to a flower shop I'm
guessing some of you do and obviously it
should be them telling you which flowers
roughly to get so I say okay my mom
likes purple screens and yellow have you
got any advice she said to me okay yeah
butch ones do you want and I was like
okay I know she likes these ones and
pointed to like these I think they call
that lilies or something and I was like
so I have some of them and she goes okay
what else and I was like um I don't know
if you want purple ones of you guys over
you can see which ones are purple and I
was like okay so I was like choosing
them all myself and I just want to Pat
it out a bit with some greenery she was
like okay well you can see which ones
are green and I'm just like your job
it's your job you're not meant to be
helping me pick which ones to get so if
she doesn't like the flowers which I'm
sure she will because my mom is very
loving mother that is purely down to me
picking them and that woman did not help
me at all
anyways yeah I am now going to shave
like I said but I'm also going to film
some minecraft videos with Joey Graceffa
we're going to start a new Minecraft
series together and do loads of
minecraft games because
you guys have been asking for more
minecraft for ages he plays minecraft i
play i don't play minecraft i don't even
know one saying that to you but I want
to start playing I bought this I bought
this some minecraft stuff to make me get
into it ok I'm going to shut up now
because I need to be quite quick and
have a shave I now look and feel so much
fresher but I have 25 minutes to my
filming with Joey's dots or starts and
begins and all of that stuff and then
also tonight so I'm typing my password
one hand failed also tonight I have a
live show at 7 o'clock UK time the
clocks went forward last night and just
messed up everything in my life
everything so normally I would wake up
about half-past 9:00 10:00 this morning
I work about a half past eleven and
guess what time I went to bed tell them
I asked you to guess because you can't
guess because I didn't leave you enough
time I went to bed at 5:00 a.m. 5:00
a.m. that is stupid so I just finished
up filming with Joey girl
SEPA and I'm now live say hello guys hey
hey it's not Webster in the US is it not
I didn't know that ok so I've just
finished up my live show I am absolutely
knackered off to film in for 45 minutes
for Joey than an hour nah no I'm going
to the beach and everything today
my mum is coming to pick me up
supposedly 3 minutes ago to hang out his
Mother's Day stuff so I'm going to leave
y'all here I enjoyed this blog of like
two mixed-up days and random little
things I don't even know I don't even
know if this was a good video but I'm
you enjoyed it if you did then prove to
me it was by clicking thumbs up
subscribing and I will see you soon with
a new vlog in this channel hopefully
really soon because I like this see you
later guys do you guys know this No
and all right I passed around the halls
I think some company is overdue
