so it is the last day and I have decided
to blog because I thought you know what
our flight is at something like 7 or 8
o'clock the pool is still looking super
nice but there's not very many viewers
around anymore means I've literally just
thrown around the whole hotel room
tidying it up like there is nothing left
is there I hate leaving no but I hate
leaving rooms because I always think
enough left something I know left
something but I don't think that's going
down below comment below who you think's
been here that smells really bad
chlorine and but ya know so we just got
all our bags down and we're gonna say
goodbye to people we're currently
carrying or wheeling all of our stuff
over to the villas because there isn't
golf carts anymore to take us so I'm
kicking my bag along finally I'm slowing
down
do you wanna build a snowman
all right I've ice around the halls I
think some company is overdue I started
talking to the pictures on the walls
hang in there Joan it gets a little
lonely all these empty rooms watching
the hours tick by we're now back in gym
and tans Villa villa villa and took us
like 15 minutes just now Jim and turns
to break in this little thing Hackett so
we could get it without screwdriver
coming off why would any loud check this
check this guy's yeah this is gonna be
four so that's enough joining it fast
yeah since it was given to me at me
chuckling oh wow look how many there are
oh my god
hey guys um oh that is I'm sorry right
listen guys or serve I want to get like
an Instagram and Lowe's bubbles in front
of us like
not bubbles such a kid okay this going
around this time a few happens look is
it working
I don't know use presents these are from
viewers but someone just got sent this
nerf gun I think it is commissioned what
you feel then I'm so I'm gone armadillo
hunt we should steal it and go yeah I
saw a raccoon last night so bright did
you yeah did you find that snake no well
then we found we found a what was it a
tree frog I don't know what time we're
in the hot tub but white is like nature
follow Lyria okay but there's a green
tree frog just jumped it so we've got
like two hours or something like that so
we have to be back how long have we got
guys little nut node oh my god Louie
this is our messy than ever we just
cleaned up we were like oh yeah so as
you have driven like seven 6,000 miles
whatever in it we I can't speak you're
putting me off we're going to Cheesecake
Factory now because it's our flight out
today I want one last hurrah or
something delicious we've got like no
time to it's about time you're a slice
of red velvet take that Oh doing yeah
and we've got two hours and we're going
in Louise pan okay
everyone out I do not be good actually
at any time
Zoey's birthday in a few days let's get
some fun yeah what's Sephora that is
amazing makeup shop oh yeah we could go
there that'd be cool choose you've got
to the mall in millenia now and I just
realized remember last year wait it was
like a double day it was me and Zoe in
you and Cassie yeah hashtag laughs /
yeah
and Drimmer how fat there's the
milkshakes were and cheese Gary had a
milk 70 get that rate right
oh wait you're literally gonna die maybe
like like on the spot
this place is so awesome I don't if you
remember lashes videos unless you're a
new subscriber then hey
this place was like massive as massive
urban outfitters and I'm so excited I
Sephora sorry about the makeup check
this waterfall in here guys they need
more stuff like this in the UK just like
attractive looking moles
yeah yeah I got myself two hats in there
that I don't know if I can pull off but
I cannot wear hat but I bought two just
in case I can okay we're going
supporters who is a super excited about
I got myself a Fuji film like little
Polaroid you go give me wrong yet little
Polaroid run as well because everyone
had them at the meetups noise I want one
so bad and then I got some trousers as
well to be on the plane wow these are
bright little hats on them do you woke
up last night in a happy place what man
haha I basically woke up in a room that
was spotless and I have no ideas roars
literally no metal no sediment no but
then I bagged you know anything I've
been worried oppose you where was it
where was the run in the main hotel oh
no in what did you do did you just walk
out into peanut right not kidding you it
was completely spotless supervision
iPhone was dead
Sirius is that little bit is that going
to fit my mouth on obviously is not with
enough force Gillette guys screw off now
to get them get in the car because we've
got like for 13 minutes and it's a
20-minute drive to get back to go and
getting our cab go to the hotel project
- it made me feel like blushing cupcakes
just time to leave now we've got a car
absolutely
rim packed but another car over there
all saying goodbye thanks for never by
showing it you oh all right okay bye man
see you soon so I'm now at the airport
which kind of looks like a hotel then if
you remember latias like really really
cool but and we had just saw that with
off lights got Starbucks and which could
go through this massive queue customs to
get through into the other side so I'm
going to leave you here guys thanks so
much for watching these logs are
following me along I hope you enjoyed
them and I will see you I really hope I
promise you that I'm going to do more
vlogs soon because I want to carry on
these daily things like occasionally
maybe like once or twice a week a lot of
promise you are but the more into these
yeah and I'll see you soon good bye guys
thanks following along I hope you enjoy
the videos bye guys right what what bird
is that now you're just
