good morning guys and welcome to guys
and welcome to playlist live one of the
days I don't know which day they're six
we're leaving tomorrow
must be day sex I could probably be
wrong guys I've just got dressed now
and I'm off to do a main stage
performance with the UK boys and toilet
Oh Louise might be joining in Tyler
Louise might be joining oh no he didn't
just the boy you can boyband and Tyler
and I'm leaving this very like gosh it's
often yes half 10 you're so lazy by
being productive
oh no I've got 30 seconds to get
downstairs
we should come off with mainstage
Tyler killed her he did good didn't it
you really good yeah these cookies like
the best cookies ever that they had
yesterday and now they've got like four
different kinds God Maddy
I mean come on I mean you know I know
I'm all about the nuts so me and Joe
Glavin we're literally uploading at the
moment have you started yet he's just
put on now just going 0% 0/1 dad we've
uploaded a cloud yeah half we've no me
is it going well what did you kill we
did the household makeup challenge yeah
and then Marcus is just uploaded with
Zoe Marcus what did you do a Zoe a
recession thing what are you doing so
basically there's been six collabs go up
right now Casper Casper what was your
clamp that went up it was it was the
ghost killer it's all Casper no may
exist
oh yeah Casper did not like but don't
worry lady Devine guys yeah check it out
what's up my name I just want to go
swimming so bad right now but I do it
was the how long has it sound left
minutes oh that's quite long let me get
a really funny angle of you this we go
while you we upload yes guys where it
two things and one would you like to
have an interview number two check that
out
I'm so gonna smash you guys on that in a
minute
so get so I'm just having like a random
improv meter and then scooting here like
absolutely amazing if you're watching
this and you like to run a meet-up or
run like that something like that like
an event this is how you do on the spot
so guys you know how I was complaining
about a nine hour flight being slightly
bumpy Brook it if I meet up where I've
got the Karen on doing the meetup still
how long did you fly for 36 hours that
oh my god that is incredible come here
the last person of my meet up where are
you from I'm from South Carolina I don't
have a clue where that is oh yeah South
Carolina
there's our hug so we just walk outside
and everybody is silent not what
everyone's just like but so quiet and I
wasn't why they're not making noise I
started screaming and it's said that
other viewers don't run over because
they're they know that we're here it's
so tactical you guys so we just go in a
golf cart and the way that guys there's
a wild turkey I'm not gonna zoom in
there's a wild turkey over here what hey
boy hey hey man hey young look at him
chill it look at him go zap it sabotage
we've got like so much like six large
pizzas 50 million bits of chicken feet
so like every single day
give me some pizza your reasoning
actually been in the hot tub the way
I've got grease on the lens is it good
jimsy James you know I'm oxygen here is
it it's so good I put one here even
though it's women now
why turn on single bomb going as well
I'm gonna ended up here if you enjoy the
video then click thumbs up and I will
see y'all sorry we got off to down the
field from now literally wearing my
pajamas and that is it I'll see you
tomorrow guys actually we will not see
tomorrow I think this is lost planes
vlog I don't know I don't know
