hello best friends and today we are
having the best day ever
Oh boys hello what's up guys
everybody always makes it sound like I'm
a list nice snail of it what you point
your nuts everywhere market kicking us
out that's made us ah
anyways today we're off to a recording
studio with comic relief Sport Relief
you don't know yet but a single is
coming out soon it's gonna be good
yeah yeah the nursing was like a dozen
or so coin and blow guessing what single
I bet someone's gonna leak it
someone's can only get somehow 50 cent
 yeah the yell of a mother but the
me did you do to me y'all making love so
come on be a shot it's your birthday we
gon party like it's your birthday got a
super golly like it's your birthday and
you know we don't work day it's not that
so it's not that song but yeah we off
the studio now to come record it we
don't know where the studio is we just
go out the taxi is that it does that say
fabulous what does that say
videos studios yeah perfect without
obviously there'll be none to read fine
we are seeing out that words and right
places singing today but solitaire
culturally yes you are loud yes right if
you jump in this lift woman doing get
the second floor nothing the cut in the
left no I don't think you should be in
it
we're in the studio and a cat's just
kind of on it Oh focused you're looking
a minute
come out from there I let me go and get
them out why you're a girl up really
come on oh I think I think she's wants
to say no let's take her up is the cat
allowed in the hood Oh guys I've got a
chair in here I'm done loading cats
doing it when a cat
there's one little voice in the world
what unless you boys waiting to go out
it literally knows last exception leave
the way human hat let's actually on the
right way so we are going to cause on
video thank you very much for the tour
mister pretty car bye-bye
and we've begun to practice singing our
song but of course I can't let you
listen to this guys because then you
would know what song with singing so
sorry about that button do the choruses
no single bit so if we start early you
know allowed to listen to this bit Lucy
how's it going really kate is not
pressure on kaspar hauser - man's game
jim is scared
the others ivory Joe it's just in a poo
she happened to
so just finished up my singing in the
booth as you saw got Casper to record me
Jim's about to go next he's in there now
it's like silence he can't hear him
it was where's my bad gun on your bag Oh
so my back tears man um it was scary it
was so scary but the thing is but once
you listen to yourself back that's when
you're like I should not be singing
okay so I'm just gonna go grab some but
just don't care and I know you can count
on me right we're gonna go grab some
lunch now guys what we gonna get okay
rule a stinky booth oh you ready for
this Casper they call me the parkour
King honestly guys don't try this at
home
step down three stairs I'm what so we in
the little cat I were just joining onto
the recording studio I didn't realize my
girlfriend's been here before an extra
voice for things yeah
we're finished we have wrapped up for
the day I mean Marcin is cake and we're
about to go jump in a taxi go back to
the train station and then go that's
right it so we are now back in right
horn after a not so long days I thought
we're going to finish at 9 o'clock so we
decide to jump in a cab now but yeah
thanks for pulling us along I don't look
that much anymore if you want me to
start doing more than coming down below
now see y'all soon
say goodbye little fella hi see you
later guys I'm currently sitting at home
on the sofa editing the video that you
just watched but I just wanted to add
the message to let you guys know that if
you want to see the song you have to
text boyband to 7 double 0 double 1 and
that will cost you 1 pound plus your
standard network rate so make sure that
you ask whoever the bill player is also
if you are not in the UK then you can
can can you can come on gone then oh I'm
doing that just click the link down
below and donate online it looks a
little bit complicated I know but
honestly you can just type in the amount
whether that's euros or dollars or
pounds or anything like that you can
change the currency and then just put
the amount you want to donate and put in
your bank details and it's as simple as
that it looks complicated but it's not
I'm telling you we're not going to
release this video until we've raised
50,000 pounds and I think we've done
quite a bit so far but we're nowhere
near so if you're sitting there thinking
don't worry
other people would do it don't be
thinking that because you're one pound
could literally change somebody's life I
went to project with the other boys in
London in Peckham and honestly like the
work that they were doing was just
incredible we wouldn't be doing this if
we didn't want to make a difference in
the world and we because of you guys we
have this amazing opportunity to work
with Sport Relief and we want to make a
difference let's show Sport Relief how
powerful YouTube is and let's smash this
so if you're watching they're thinking
that can't be bothered I want to pay
pound don't buy that chocolate bar next
time you in the shop and wanting to get
chocolate bar because that chocolate bar
is going to probably cost you like 85 P
that is more or less
pound that you can give to Sport Relief
so basically what I'm trying to say is
please donate guys it will make more of
a difference to other people's lives
then that one pound probably build your
own thanks for watching the video guys I
hope you did enjoy it if you can't
donate and you don't have that spare one
pound then don't worry that is
absolutely fine if you can't do it but
what you can do is help spread the
message to text boy band to seven double
zero number one so that somebody else
you may know or somebody that you may
know that they may know that you may
know them and in the long run might be
able to donate and that would be amazing
I am going to shut up now and let you
end this video please donate I love you
guys and I'll see
