it's your birthday today
yeah you're 3 years old today you're
gonna have fun or do you want to sleep
in bed okay I'll take that sleeping in
bed look at you Oh cozy good morning
guys good morning how you doing
how you doing it is Tuesday we're
heading back to the office today one
minute it's kwikki chikki morning back
flip when my sliders on oh right and
then we're ready now already got a super
exciting day in the office I tell you
about it once it goes what if it goes
well hello how's it going oh my gosh
we've got a forest here these are the
plants from the pop-up shop that have
been delivered to here because now the
pot shops closed oh my gosh they are all
fake - they're not real but they do look
really good first proper day back at the
office since all the pop-up shop
craziness guys it is half past five
legit didn't do that on purpose looks
like I did pop us five no I literally
can't open and the vlog has only just
begun but don't you worry today's vlog
is gonna be sick because it is niala and
buzzes birth today am i having a
birthday party over here I mostly get my
hair cut poppies also get a haircut
damsels getting a haircut hair got his
hair cut
Shaun's also getting his hair cut
straight away popping out to the garage
or shall I say the soon-to-be gym
because people have been working away
working their butts off on that okay
it's looking cool last time you saw this
wall here had all started being done and
now we've got this wall as well which is
all starting to be done like nearly done
looking really really good all right
close it up let's get back inside the
one thing that I still haven't sorted
since moving in its my wardrobe like
okay
oh my gosh so I've more or less thrown
all of my clothes into one pile here so
I need to go through them and have a
charity pile and a keep pile through all
of this and is literally not like these
are all clean and I've just left them
all screwed up all of these are brand
new just cleaned this week and I haven't
even like what would hang in them I'm
gonna make a pile here I'm going to show
you an item that I'm gonna charity no
wonder your reaction like five years
away please I haven't worn this out
there this large I'm an extra-large it
just won't fit me it does that someone
else will wear it better someone else
will enjoy these more than me that's how
we gotta say it guys this is my least
favorite color and Alfie in it he buys
things in this color all the time you
just don't have a skin tone for that
color no nice shirt salvage that's a
medium a medium I haven't been a medium
since I was like it's only Christian
he's not getting into sports clothing
now look at one that has length like
that probably would still fit you
wouldn't
and then maybe hit that pile so turn
this round
yeah they can't see you anyway this one
over here they can't see you no you're
not pair of bloody iPhone headphones in
oh well I found a dry how do you know
they're yours
they're trained you for that since we
deserve an award you go oh you went to
watch all of this here it's just going
straight I'm going to see if Shawn wants
any of it and then it's just gonna go
straight to charity as those doing the
pipe in for the pop cakes blooming oh
that is a lot of nice dogs it's really
good just say what do you think you
excited are you so excited
you can see Bucky boy I've been warning
her all day and letting her know that it
is her birthday
but I don't think she understands me I
don't that she gets it have you been
trying to tell her as well yeah yeah
I've been told I know I've been telling
you should I tell you again
Missy did you know did you know this
your your birthday today it's your
birthday it's your birthday
says Owen Tracy bought some little dog
socks earlier oh really good cow that's
one oh she doesn't like this that's free
let me see your pretty little feet come
walk over here
come on in can I see your feet please
we over retreat now let me see them ego
and his run she like lifts her leg up
properly there we go you try them on
birthday because the initial like then
she's sorry but the one who earlier on
today oh my god it's like Bambi or nice
times like walk yes me and my father's
gonna hate them he's gonna like bark out
his own feet to try and get them off
it's so funny Alfie
popping out I've just realized that I
don't actually have any cash on me to
pay my hairdresser for cutting my hair
tonight but not only is he cutting my
hair tonight but I don't know how this
has happened dad had a haircut this week
and we've been rinsing him all week that
his haircut isn't very good so we've
asked my hairdresser if he can have a
little trim of dad's hair tonight Shawn
also wants the sides of his haircut to a
number two so not the top just the sides
being trimmed and now Poppy's minute are
can you ask him if he can trim just the
bottom of my hair so my hairdresser is
now gone from just cutting my hair
tonight to mine dad's Shaun and poppies
and he's get into our house at 7:45 so
it's gonna be a long night for him it's
gonna be busy guys look at Bobby's
laptop that makes it worse it bleeds
into it he doesn't actually Sean dropped
a belt on that oh yeah that's better
Oh we'll just hold it like this whilst
you use that
favorite little man come on against a
penis who made this
since you like drawing penises over
everyone's birthday cards we thought
you'd appreciate this happy birthday you
little there you go Nala
that's from puppy and Shawn that's a
birthday card this is the card that they
gave buzzy boy PS you may be Sophie's
probably one of them they're so
delicious that's getting his hair cut
this is from buzzy boy to Nala oh my god
mom what have you made
what made made when I was younger my
gosh look at this Nala is so cute dad
that mohawk look good nice I'm keeping
the Mohawk yeah just finished up my
haircut way shorter already for the
holiday sure any boys up it's going bald
you just go and skinned haircut haircut
haircut mums other haircut I had it all
dropped off what's happening
oh we're drinking the special gins Tracy
got me
smoked gin isn't it have you guys tried
that your smells so smooth
yes Wow
oh my gosh it's this stuff here
I never heard have you tried it though I
like it the dogs are about to eat their
poop cakes look at her loving it doggies
you enjoying that happy birthday
happy birthday mate happy birthday gum
buzzy boy what's this fuzzy what's this
let me see your little face is that
yummy happy birthday happy birthday
buzzy buzzy boy you three years old now
may you three years old let me go into
that gym so before the blog ends I just
wanted to take the time to sit down and
have a little chat it is the following
day but I didn't quite talk about how
crazy it is and this sounds insane I
know right let me get home tomorrow let
me sit up a little bit I've got a
three-year-old pug but there hasn't
quite hit me number one that I've got a
pug like I know but if you've been
watching these vlogs for long which the
majority of you have thank you so much
you will know that I've wanted a black
pug for years like I've been talking
about getting a pug for probably like
six years or something now in videos the
amount of times in vlogs that I've gone
are three think we should get a pug or
I've seen a pug in the street I'm like
oh my God look at this thank you I've
got a three-year-old part like I had
Nala for three years I feel like we
really like look at this literally I've
got piece of artwork here behind the
camera that is literally a pug
how cool is that but what I'm saying is
the time just flies like time that where
his time gone it feels like okay let me
be really stick
it feels about like a year ago then I
got nada like it literally doesn't feel
like I've had her three years and she's
still alive she's still healthy she's
still breathing
I mean Zoey does sound a lot like
growing up I always always the family
with the cats I had two cats growing up
I also had a snake Oh sad stick insects
I was at five many toads I had loads of
cool pets but long as always there's
like you know what I'm saying there's a
family to have dogs there's a dog
families and there's a cat families I
always thought that I was gonna be just
because that's what I was when I was
younger a cat family family with cat
turns out I'm a dog person now which is
strange to say even though that's kind
of been like that for three years now I
just wanted to sit down and just say how
crazy it is that I'm 23 nearly 24 17th
of September then forgiving birth not
joking and well I'm not doing it is my
birthday but uh you know I'm saying I
don't know I just wanted to end the vlog
to just say thanks so much to the sport
thank you for watching so long having
Nala and that being involved in the
journey of my life on YouTube and stuff
has been or sermon you guys have helped
me out giving me little tips on how to
look after her and how to train her and
all stuff like that so I feel like she's
she's our dog with you're not she's my
dog and Zoe's dog but you know what I
mean anyways if you enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up let's see how many
we can possibly get go down below
subscribe if you're not ready if you
want to buy some merch link is down
below as well go check out the Pina
match and I'll catch ya catch you
tomorrow
see you later
okay
