it is Christmas Eve while we shopping in
Christmas Eve it's a matching pajamas
and I am still doing shopping because
I'm running so late
hopefully it's not just me hope you guys
have forgotten is it just me I guess
we're going to get some Christmassy
pajamas all matching so that we can wear
them tonight and tomorrow oh we can get
these ah feel that off they are these
ones they look other they are Beaufort
got lining inside them the amount of
clothes bro might have is kind of a
letdown said I'm an extra-large I'm not
an extra-large medium medium medium
medium as we get this do you think I met
the girls are gonna have such Christmas
you answered I Santa oh yeah guys just
let you know as well this weird thing on
my chin here kind of cut myself shaving
but I bought a new five bladed vases
ever they both times I've used up cut
myself great
Zuri let me see what you're eating
what's in there Nutella marshmallows and
Bernard it's amazing mmm that's right I
love Christmas because of all the
Christmas stores like the German brats
where sausages crap the wooden spoons
all of them there's ass all over there
guys that literally sells just wooden
spoons they're really big so we got op
dramas or even got a pair for my dad
then the girls got loads of genres pear
as well for my mum you've got this as a
joke give my mom see what she says
obviously she'll not be wearing that
watching you try to explain the bra I'm
showing popular I saw the scene this
year I want to watch it that's Joe's new
video Joe you know pop wait everyone to
EJ now saying he looks hot in his new
video
as I've said like 18 million trillion
tonnes
Vidia Zoe is obsessed of guinea pigs so
what are you making us do christmas
alien you what you making us you want
they look so you bitch you got like a a
dog or wolf away like a duck yeah this
is a hair what are you making us do
sorry
nothing oh okay well we did not need to
go we're going why would he need compost
we're going to the garden center so that
we can look at guinea pigs nor even
touch them or buy don't touch them I
don't if you're gonna be allowed why
you're making me act crazy yes I'm so
crazy I want to touch them you're crazy
get your hair out look at his hair
get out papi Nikki this guy's hair look
is little massage
what did you just do sorry nothing I
just speak anything no you didn't what
did you do what did you do tell the guys
what you did
come on so she's put them on hold to see
whether she can actually get the one off
because she's trying to work out
realistically at home if she's there
enough or if like if there's place to
put them and everything like that I just
asked if they would still be there after
Christmas okay
and she said probably since I've already
been that few weeks and now you're super
excited so we're now back at home look
all the presents under the tree guys I
haven't even put mine under the yet for
everyone look at the tree I've never
seen so many what presently I knew she'd
walk back out um anyways I hate this cut
so much guys look I cut myself shaving
so annoying we are off to church now
which is like a thing why is handing
their witch like a thing that me my
family do every year
I'm not really just my dad's not really
just puppies not religious mom would you
say you're religious
you're not religious she doesn't
practice him but she believes anyway I'm
this is not a she doesn't practice but
she believes this isn't some religious
debate basically we go to like a church
thing every single year on Christmas Eve
just for a bit of fun to get some the
Christmassy spirit sing some songs
someone grab loads of other families who
we know goes well so we off to church
now so you've never been with us before
you at religious school yeah it is that
was the last so much so you're gonna
know the songs I didn't even know the
songs I thought to say and the other day
Nando's sent me some presents in the
post that sent me some like food
vouchers and then they sent me a hat
themselves they've only made 100 hats
like in production ever just for this
year some they're like friends to give
for Christmas friends to recount the
standards friends yam Nando's friend
anyways and they gave me one well they
gave me two this one here look it says
nanos has like the chicken hombre
chicken there but nice little woolly hat
so I thought I would give it away
because they gave me two so there is
literally only 100 ever I think some of
the other people got them alike I think
Marcus got given my mummy Zoe and then I
think that Ed Sheeran and the other
people who have like Nando's hi-5 such
black cards them kind of things and so
all I want you to do now is literally
the easiest way for me to give it away
would be if you comment down below
saying Nando's on this video now I'll
just pick one of you randomly message
you for your address and the sender to
you simple as that
yes comment down below saying Nando's if
you want to be nice as well they've give
the video thumbs up for sure yeah and as
someone of you this awesome little man
does he have okay anyways it's time to
go off for thingy afford them the charge
Oh
Oh
since me and Zoey are going to Zoey's at
12 o'clock tomorrow I'm not going to
have Christmas dinner here so I'm making
my mum and dad that's Lee let's not like
you're not cooking dad literally just
mum what you cooking I'm cooking
traditional Christmas turkey yeah can
you take us through why not can open it
to show them out oh well that was a
letdown
watch them jojo's carrots tease me from
it panting Moss fish stuff it's in
blankets and there are office fruits
prunes the bacon picture blankets
is this stuff in that's stuffing rooms
for Zoey she doesn't eat the apricots no
you don't watch this stuff and that's
palms Andy Smith parmesan parsnips mmm
there we go
if any of your food fanatic you people
are what proved interview made mum
doesn't made you more teasers cheesecake
look at this guy's I'm not finished yet
multis our cheesecake and Christmas
pudding a midsize you know the other day
when we're in Dubai and we're in that
massive tank how it snuggling in it
we're now watching all the fish find an
emo yeah i'm literally just woken up
from a nap I don't even know how long
this part is going on now Finding Nemo
don't know how long I've been asleep for
the other guys just woke me up say that
dinner is ready now which I'm excited
about Christmas dinner
look at that is it Chloe bring it from
home
Kawika oh it's pink at the turkey
roast potatoes this stuff some little
rabbit please love is this actually for
my garden mamas tell me she's making
something in the garden I said I
wouldn't eat em not just from the garden
we do have an allotment in our garden
not just digging it up random before
often and this is the final masterpiece
Maltesers cheesecake okay guys so we
finished up dinner we finished up
pudding we have had loads of fun today
it's been really really Christmas is
weird it hasn't felt like Christmas up
until like literally the last couple of
days for me because we've been so busy
just haven't really felt like Christmas
until now I'm really excited for
tomorrow and tonight we're about to put
on our pajamas that we bought earlier so
this is better now okay so all the girls
have got faintly Dave and all the boys
at work and then we're gonna go
downstairs and plates are like
Christmasy games and some like board
games and stuff like that together I'm
about to upload this video if you're
watching this on Christmas Eve I'm
literally playing ball games now in my
pajamas with my family and Zoey that's
weird I'm uploading this video on the
day but yeah so thanks for watching for
a change you're actually shut up yeah
yeah you've done it thanks for watching
the vlog which says that I have uploaded
I've uploaded quite looks I've done on
my gaming channel I reckon I've done
about I you're being sarcastic - shut up
I reckon I've done about 15 videos no
more now maybe not 20 videos out of the
24 days because my gaming channel as
well yeah I want to continue this on if
you'd like me to comment down below
saying more just the word more and
thumbs up no not more zoella and thumbs
up the video and I'll try and just can
you carry on doing like videos on the
second channel my little vlog ones more
often this is still bugging me a bit but
everyone's just watching this and not
even look at me in the videos now that
you've mentioned it
yeah of course they're gonna notice it
look at the size of it
anyways guys thanks so much for watching
other vlogmas videos and I'll see you
soon hope you have an amazing Christmas
and a Happy New Year and everything like
that I love you guys let's see the
outfits yawn and you got your slippers
on gum a little slippers on I'm not
quite just yet no your talk on
papier-mache y'all oh good bye guys
there we go you look good bye guys we're
gonna go play some Christmasy fun games
but I better let it verify
