my tongue and hold my breath scared to
rock the boat make a mess so I see
quietly agreed politely right I've
literally got to go now I'm rushing so
much ramen Illume beard sleep
sleep sleep got my mobile got my camera
in my hand got my wallet and my keys I
need to get up the the house
this house I'm getting burgled or
something I'm running away I'm not I'm
off to going to town now with my name is
J or J quickly check my hair all good he
is on the bus already and I've got to go
and get on the same bus as him so what
do I need I'm scared oh my god oh yeah
oh my god okay let's go to town today
let's go do some Christmas shopping guys
what am i doing let's go all right let's
go guy go guys let yourself the bus lady
man
I think you need to hit the gym I lay
there I need to store and our liquors
ran so fast up the road and I saw the
bus but I knew I was going to get on
there and I did
that Mitchell get back
that's good sausage inception mmm at
breakfast is a German grunts what is
that racist I'm going to Alan that's
German proximity I'm like them okay that
was that Roche accent is a Germans
curried sausage
no not even curried German what is this
and ice cream parlor anyways I've got a
German bratwurst sausage with cheese for
breakfast we've been shopping for a
little while now I've bought and I need
showed you the bags but some people
might watch this video through the
present support so I can't show the bags
Charlie son loads of shopping as well
and I have is it going dead is
unproductive
when I didn't think I was going to be
yeah we've actually got a lot done I
went shopping to Zoey yesterday I want
to say we've got loads of stuff down
this route guys are just not a quote
that I love and I think you don't need
to read this
that's what I'm talking about that's
what you need to listen to guys we've
now more or less finished all of our
shopping we came into Koster and as
always it is crazy all the way I should
add as well w it's make your bad people
I don't like you just bought a game W
Smith to play on this channel no my main
channel but I'm not going to tell you
what it is without ruin it and it was
$24.99 I then went into the entertainer
as you do just cash and the same game
was 12 pounds WH then that's over double
the price
that is disgusting
donate to make you've let me down today
then there is we're now in Costa which
is crazy busy we just sat down the kind
of sofa this place there's our old stood
and chairs and we flipped and got a sofa
how happy the best moment of my life so
far is number one month all right so we
can order a drink now I feel so dead I
don't know why I don't know why just got
a drink I've never tried before I got a
what was it a lemonade iced lemonade
something some little bit of fruit nice
and healthy
I always eat when I'm not very hungry
and now I'm torn Charlie what do you
think
so I'm golden syrup not just going
sicker so carbon zero porridge or look
at these of what the other day but some
Belgian chocolate brownie these are hot
chocolates bun drops the bad
chocolate fudge which one do you think
all of them porridge and hot chocolate
also we've got whipped cream as well
I've made Charlie some porridge you've
never had one before have you know or
once you said yeah but how have you
never had for a little bit with a man
it's not this isn't the computing
porridge is good right charlie it's
getting really hot there sugar
and this is maple syrup porridge I think
my hold I get a bit too into the festive
season look under my porridge
I like the dinner placemats Christmassy
how does it oh this is hot this is hot
Christmas Oh copper dude burning my
hand are you ready for your first-ever
portion of porridge I'm ready yeah it's
really nice good you put so much sugar
in that so I mean it's nice but it's
just like if I had any complete rigorous
obvious eating the taste good but let's
give a car warnings yeah yeah it's nice
tonight
yeah can you eat your Christmas tree
okay just carefully mmm definitely not
he is such a weird I goodbye J boyfriend
bye ah mmm
make helping me this is awkward goodbye
get out go I'm on skype with Louise
Darcy Zoe and Joseph Massey
haha it's dinnertime dinnertime
dinnertime den time time for dinner
my favorite part the day what has mommy
got pastor not really volunteers we got
mmm that is good I asked for garlic
bread it's melted cheese but cheesy
garlic bread and then garlic bread mmm
delicious
it seems like I've only just finished
eating dinner but I haven't at all I've
been on skype with Zoe and Louise and
che and playing my xbox and getting
ready or say getting ready I've been
given if the loss of four minutes or
something to go clubbing with my friends
from Brighton who some of you may know
some of you might remember like Freddie
and Holly and I think all he might be
coming I don't know from previous vlogs
I got some shoes on that aren't exactly
the most clubbing shoes ever black jeans
and a shirt let's go clubbing
and I finally back at home does a lot of
fun actually it was funny the club that
we were in the boys on members were in
there anyways I'm off to sleep now guys
so thanks for following me around today
please thumbs up the video if you
enjoyed it and I will see you tomorrow
with another vlog much bye you ever have
either a light rain ever never ever ever
really you know whatever you got in my
handbag
