good morning guys assem it's not the
morning because again as usual I forgot
to start this blog so it's currently the
17th of December but you are watching
the 16 for December so good morning guys
it was the 16th of December here's the
video that I'm editing you're about to
see this oh my god
boom this looks delicious my salad
coronation chicken sound weird
how y'all made that look yeah and my
cheesy chips have arrived you're going
to be like overdosing in cheese's we end
our in Bert switches a kickin shop
lesson onion glasses here although I
want to tell you something you don't
need to buy these fun fact of the day if
you chew chewing gum lobster cousin
onions you know that you two children
whilst you're cutting onion don't know
there we go so we have done lots and
lots of Christmas shopping are we doing
well with Christmas shopping I think
what you can do okay you go do that
okay I'm speaking to my camera I think
that means only one Christmas shopping
work super well as a team like so well
to the point where I've got more people
today than I have anything before today
in other words I've got one person and
before today I had no B was presents
also we are off to Felix and Marcia's
place today aren't me we're going to
hang out them
we've bought them a couple of Christmas
presents we're just getting I bought him
some weeds up the probably a seven year
old they're probably like a seven year
old should have an enjoy wonder if he's
actually gonna like it's pretty some
strange things you know and we're just
gonna get some cupcakes so we can eat
them over there and is that this is one
of my favorite shops I want to get loads
of stuff when I move out here well I'm
going in here now yeah
we're now back in my house and I want to
show you what we got them so I got Felix
a remote-control helicopter I got him a
chocolate bar from hell don't know why
hell hell hell hell
girl girl hell I just want to see him
eat this
see if he cries see what he's like it
seems quite hardcore don't think you'll
be able to handle that we've got some
lovely cupcakes set from that's a white
box you can't see them they squish them
and these are my favorite
we got puga this and we got Edgar this
Christmas Day outfit and then hug
Christmas Day outfit oh yeah and this is
a chew toy we're so weird on okay I
think we got way to be carried away why
did we get we got more presents for the
pugs than we did for them
so I even showed them the wrapping paper
look at the wrapping paper paws here as
well it's upstairs let me go and get it
which also has a pub on it yeah
Christmas pug
I hope there's you like pugs hey do you
like because they've got to and if not
that'd be bad okay we're gonna wrap
these up now in the background paper and
then we're gonna head over to their
house and give them number presents can
you do a pond face
the reason why we've got Mars room Felix
and Edgerton puga lots of presents is
because we went over to this for
Halloween me and Zoe and they decorated
the place so amazingly and they were
dressed up
we watched scary films with snacks they
bought like scary cakes and stuff it was
so much fun and we played scary games
and we played uno no but we played on
the oculus rift and that was scary
no we paid you know Felix cheated the
whole time sticking cards up his bomb
but no they were just really really cool
when we had such a fun time so we
thought yeah we're going to be hanging
out with them lots more so Felix mafia
if you're watching this expect us find a
house every day you're such a little
great no but we just thought we'd get
them some nice presents to say thank you
and Merry Christmas
you're going to jump at this place I
want to find a fine here go on have a
bite as you can Sharla in this volume
okay how about we should give meows no
oh you're gonna love this then why is no
spicy so Jenna it's slow it's just Noah
cut a my knight you be too high I don't
know
does it taste of anything nice it's
pretty good really what a nice present
cookies it's like singing girl wear a
dress for the boys
hey Jenna what's going we've now left
Felix and marzia's and I'm eating the
macaroons that they gave me and Zoe to
share so thanks guys for their macaroons
it was really awesome seeing you and
hanging out with you guys and the pugs
kind of fit in there a bit I mean not so
sure about Edgar for who the fitting
vote for them yeah she had a show
craftable fit edgar alpha yeah so I just
one of them fit in the other ones outfit
I'm not gonna see you now till Friday
say goodbye to my vlog people's goodbye
so we've just finished up having some
new sushi which was absolutely delicious
I'm like the perfect fill up just with
my mum off to see Billy Elliot's
literally just there you can't see the
lighting but we're off to see the
musical Billy Elliot which I absolutely
love I've seen it twice before mum you
ever seen it before never seen it before
this is going to be good so I'll date
you afterwards on how it went
so we are hopefully through the show how
is it so far month good absolutely amis
so good the little Billy Elliot guy this
time I've seen it before
really earlier how old Japanese I reckon
about eight years old it's that is all
young guys I want to start tap dance now
and I want to go to sick so comment down
below maybe you think I should start tap
dancing I'm going to be rubbish and I
won't ever stop but this is gettin good
second two second office just rock star
yay love the rain this is so much bad
I'm now back at home in the war no more
rain no more trains and that was
absolutely amazing that literally
incredible I love the show so much if
you ever get the chance to see it then
strongly advise you go and see it was
awesome yeah I'm sorry today hasn't been
the most fun day ever I've really done
that much but like yesterday I think I
just enjoyed is that like relaxing and
not do much because they're to me
they're just as important as the days
when I'm like swimming with jocks and
going on desert safaris and stuff of
that but anyways I will see ya also I
should mention that 1nf is over earlier
she started driving for like half an
hour and then was saying she was really
tired and I was like don't do three hour
drive when you're tired that's dangerous
so I told her to come back to my house
so she's actually asleep upstairs now
and so she might be in the beginning of
the road tomorrow I'm not too sure when
I start blogging what time cuz I think
she's leaving super early at like 6
o'clock in the morning so I might not
even be awake just in case you watch her
video and then think wow I thought she
left but she was still asleep at your
house what's happening Elfie that's
what's happening yeah so I'll see you
tomorrow good bye guys
