good morning guys it is vlogmas day 9
and today is oh he is already gone
filming today she's doing like some
sparse stuff I won't tell you about that
I'll leave her to tell you about that
I've already been for breakfast with the
boys with Marcus Joe Jim and Dominic
don't know I'm so hyper i think it's
because we're about to go snowboarding i
hopefully will booked it but they're in
here in dubai
there is the largest or tallest or
biggest ski slope dome thing in the
world and we're going to go and
apparently apparently you can even play
it and stroke with penguins I am so
excited so I've got my GoPro here Joe's
head mount my monopod a chest mount and
we're going snowboarding guys we're
going to snowboard and this is mad that
we can go from outside the room from
there to inside a building in a minute
which is going to be covered in snow
let's do this
we've now arrived in the something mall
the emirate small way inside the
Emirates mold my food right and I said
it was a very hungry to order a salad
it's kind of this big
so we've now finished up eating lunch I
ate so much I am so fill up and we're
about to open yellow snowboard in I
don't know where we need to buy tickets
or anything like that but get off me get
away get away
we are now halfway through our
snowboarding time up from the big ass
ramp yeah budday oh yeah how's it going
good man they get really cold in here so
it indoors and it's minus four in here
like it's it they've even got a cafe
down here guys literally even got a cafe
this is incredible
markets are we not gonna go snowboarding
soon we are we have to boom let's do
this
that was absolutely nuts
oh my god that was so much fun we're
having to cut it short now we have gone
extra hop now left but we do have to
leave because we're off to a meal
tonight at 7 o'clock how's that Marcus
loser
Jim really good that was so sick we're
going to go snowboarding together soon
and we're driving along and boot
openings loves it it's going loving it
and be careful so the boot of the car is
open I'm now back in and my hair tell
room with these two you yawn in no time
yeah a long long day one minute okay I
tell them okay go up at 7:30
mmm then we have done breakfast at 8:30
then filmed from 9:00 till 6:00 all day
yeah pretty much
damn well I did some snowboarding on
some eating cheesecake factory wow
you've had a hard day chucked in the bar
dress Janelle soon to my place balls
balls you're in it I never I thought no
one would come into the water I'm friend
jump in the bar
I like a restaurant with the good
bathroom guys check this look at this
this is so cool look at these bowls okay
I'm weird so we've now got our pudding
and we've got chocolate box or something
like that which looks cool yeah we've
also got this over here I don't know
what it is but it looks delicious look
at this guy's oh you're jealous outfit
apart this really your heart is manwich
yeah I've got edit to do now and Zoey's
got two videos to edit now so I think
we're going to head back to the room and
take an early night
yeah who enjoyed today guys if you did
then please give the video a thumbs up
and I'll see you tomorrow
also I would just like to add that
tomorrow I'm going on a desert safari
and maybe snorkeling in that massive
tank so it's going to be good Jim what
did we just put we just look snorkeling
with the big fishies are you excited I'm
I'm excited yeah me Dom and Jim are
going in that big tank with the sharks
with the manta ray with everything and
we're going snorkeling I wanna die
because you go on probably on an iPod
and you need like enough I want you to
go diving yep you have to have like a
paddy licence and I don't have that so
snorkeling is I'm so tired
my blog is going to be so hard on my yes
