good morning guys I am gonna breakfast
put some green juice we finish up
breakfast now
and I sort of done my hair by the way
and we're now in Joe's room which has an
amazing view
we're just looking out over the aquarium
down there like that where all the
things are but if you can see achieve
your Monterey down there this is cool
he's also got a view for all like the
smooth laser we had yesterday the
waterpark
then the tallest building in the world
is there and that's the six star hotel
so we're now off to the beach we're
going to go swimmin I've got my GoPro on
the rods against blind what a bitch
let's go swimming
so we finish up on the beach now and we
are back inside and we're off to going
to see one of the honeymoon suites but
apparently in this place a honeymoon
suites look out into the aquarium which
sounds absolutely sick so we're going to
go and see that then I've got some
editing to do and then I'm going for
dinner with my cousin who lives under
bye guys check out this suite is
absolutely nuts Jim got lift in it look
it's above the aquarium I bet night that
looks amazing
Tarina walking down into the bedroom I'm
excited there's going to be nervous this
is crazy oh my God look at this bar look
at that
now look at the bedroom so what the bed
over there boom window and we're back in
the room in Zoey back enough room now I
need to edit my video that room was
incredible
and it was also thirteen thousand
dollars per night
so that's why we're not staying there
very very nice the cleaners folded my
boxers were made I was rushing out
changing from my shorts to my swimming
trunks and just threw my stuff on the
floor and then he folded up my box of
the odd born so mr. clean a man or woman
if you're watching I'm sorry you having
to touch my dirty pants but thank you
thank you doing that I'm very thankful
after I edit this video and get it
uploaded I am often dinner with my
cousin I am now all dressed and showered
and I've done my hair and I'm wearing
smartest clothes cuz I think the best
one we're going to is quite smart and
noise zoey is all dressed up discussing
outfits for tomorrow's video yeah and
then you're going to dinner together on
yay yeah and then we're meeting back up
an evening and then Cuchillo and hang
out
I'm now just walking back into the hotel
off to get the car back here I didn't
really feel much or in fact I didn't
feel anything of the actual meal with my
cousin because I just wanted to catch up
I haven't seen him probably back at year
or something and I just wanted a nice
little chat and a nice dinner with her
without the camera which I think is fair
enough and I did show you some water
content with that some things but I'm
now just going to hang out the rest of
the guys and see what we get up to
tonight the lost chambers aquarium
these are cute I like these ones guys I
wanna pack one little star get are
elements of loads of 10 tools massive
what do you picture is actually the
oldest crab in the world but don't worry
yeah they haven't evolved for 450
million years look at these are the
oldest crabs in the world go on don't
know how is don't put 250 million years
old it's just not they have the species
so I so that we all have their visit 450
million no I'm now back in our hotel
room and just uploading vlogmas day 7 at
the moment yeah I'm gonna go to bed now
it is hot past 11 over here I'm really
really trying about a good day and
tomorrow hopefully hopefully I've got my
fingers crossed might not happen
hopefully we're going to swimmin in that
big tank which we absolutely amazing so
good night guys hope you did enjoy the
video remember to subscribe and all that
nice stuff thumbs up and I'll see you
tomorrow new vlog hey better buy sarkis
here we go yes what
ah
