so we are now in Dubai odd you know I
left home well my calendar guys are left
their calendar at home okay it doesn't
matter though because when we get back
on all of the ones that haven't opened
it anyways we've just arrived in Dubai
and it is billing warm warm did you fell
over
I am loving this weather holy crap this
is hot this is nice it's only just a
girl
you just finished up filming some bits
outside and filming our reactions to
come into the hotel and everything like
that this place is crazy take a look and
just like the reception there it's nuts
and now we're just about to check in so
we can find the gun sale rooms and lay
down I am tired
misery have just got to our room look
how cool this is so we look at Archie
I'll stop with the view look at that
view what's this what they given us
giving us this really nice box opened up
chocolate yum yum yummy and if we go
over here yeah wardrobe a wardrobe see
if we go through here guys this is our
bathroom we have a shower in there twin
it and a beat in there and over here we
have our bar because it's very open the
doors
Hey so our boss literally goes through
into the bedroom how cool is that
I'm loving it I kind of just fell asleep
for like half an hour and then realized
that Joe has my gosh bag Joe's
downstairs not in his room and won't
answer his mobile because we're bored
this is even hard decided to go and find
him now to get my wash bag so I could
actually do my teeth and supply them
freshen up so I'm now ready to go I'm
kind of about 15 minutes late but then
we're going to go to a water park now
there's part of the hotel and we're
going to shoot a video for daily mix
which is in the water box which is me
Jim and Marcus and jars white medium
mock show yeah us for I don't know how
much I'm gonna be able to put my camera
along because obviously it's not
waterproof also a filming for the other
video so I don't want to ruin all of it
in case you guys watch that so I'm not
going to be taking along my waterproof
camera but I will be taking on this one
so we can I can just show you what it
looks like that leaving this little one
here
buh-bye I'm jealous I kind of want to
stay in bed
yes go water park right in slide in star
guys check this bitch my hydrolyzed how
much I said guys in these videos so if
that but look at this fish my house big
ears
to me and demon are now just jumped in a
little golf cart casually
just jumped off of our little card I
love all these man-made features they
have let's check over there man maybe CH
and this I believe is beside power Wow
oh wow that looks so good guys let these
airplanes or those kind of fading out
made a heart in the sky I don't know if
you can see that but that that's the
remains of a heart that's so cool well
look at that better
me and Jim just had a race from one of
these slides it was all so I'm not going
to tell you who won because I don't want
to ruin the video but it was fun and
this is look yeah this is awesome
up next we're going to go on this one
over here which is like a massive open
job' with four of us sitting in and all
of us are going to sit in there it's
going to be crazy
Jacques here we go
sorry you have to go straight up there
the new life it is time to go out for
dinner this is what I am wearing very
and Joseph are in here I'm just gonna
sleep those in here I am so excited for
food when was the last time we ate I
don't want to you know like yesterday
was the last time a property Hey and I
heard this is about me yeah yeah I am
all-you-can-eat I am so excited let's go
to some frickin food so some girls made
us a cake believe it is this welcome
girls goodbye and they marshmellows
oh my god that actually made it thank
you so much whoever made that I am going
to jump down
time to go get some food oh wow look at
that they've got a chocolate thingy
no that's puddings Wow look at these
there is literally like every single
food I could ever imagine in my life I
don't know what to do with myself right
now
we've finished up dinner and that was so
much food I can't even explain like I am
so blah eating I don't know if it's just
me coming down below not just me but
eating makes me so tired
oh my god look look at this bitch I keep
on showing you the same fish tank but
its nature incredible up
absolutely not slight literally nuts
this is crazy I want to go inside
they're so much
we'll go to bed now night guys that was
very nice see some football space me got
me I'm gonna end the vlog here guys I'm
currently in tiny on Jim's or on Tanya
and Jim's bed yeah goodbye
actually then I finger by PA night Joe
good bye guys see to my over new vlog
you enjoyed that if you did thumbs up
subscribe and all of that stuff
One Direction this is us on the plane to
watch are you happy yeah
are you happy
