twenty-one days till Christmas guys here
is though ease pancakes is ordered there
is my porridge wait what's my point
sorry patience and honey which is over
here we've got some fresh fruit we've
got two apple juices I didn't even know
is having an apple juice and of course a
hot chocolate so I finished up my
breakfast which was absolutely delicious
what is that why it's gonna make a baby
on our screen Oh Zoey you're horrible
you just loved it someone
sorry sitting there in a dressing gown
or sleeping tight she's staying here
I've got a meeting now so I've got a car
pick me up now I've got a meeting for
like an hour or something which is gonna
be cool then I'm gonna come back here
I'm gonna have fun time yeah
I'm now back in the hotel with this man
again have you been tits are gone well
I've been great I've drunk
orange juice had a shower wash my face
and my makeup got dressed it's not yet
watch TV yeah I was watching The Real
Housewives of New York
we all packed and ready my bag is down
here little one
where's your stuff yeah here here all
good and we are going to go shopping now
for a bit of fun go get some lunch with
Steve I know I just realized that I
shouldn't have been vlogging today I
should be uploading a gaming video but
since we're having a fun day with Steve
and Zoey and said to London I just
thought you know what I'll vlog what
you're gonna do what they can do yeah
yeah I'm on watch you're so good
so you just jumped in a new bar
we're now with Steve man how you doing
hello yesterday well thank you you
feeling Christmasy music guys we're
firing starting was having a bit of
lunch I went for the weirdest piece I
have thought of Mexico City
check this it's like a book a star
adventurous car you guys are boring talk
about this
so we're currently looking for the
Christmassy section inheritance
we're having trouble with this
apparently on the third floor yet
there's only the lower ground and fit we
don't know where the third is we found a
guy's floor number oh yeah wait what's
it called boy there's my new vlogging
camera custom diamond as he shared it
why would you want that why would you
just get it stolen
it's no good we just smell it some
candles at the moment some of them are
all the Christmas once they smell really
really good
no no don't say your reaction zero sir
okay so I fit this one up but Steve yeah
I want you to open it you hold your
after the massive week but what's a big
win I know and it's really not very
strong yeah
what knows yeah
that's intense I don't know what is so
strong
that's nice isn't that you'd fit in that
ie we should probably get me one of
these cuz I don't have a license vici I
need some could I have one of these as
we're going into the kingdom of hooray
oh wow thank you sir apparently there's
puppies and so many animals
if I ever do get a black pug I'm
bringing it here I don't even know what
they'll do to it consider about bringing
it here
Steve's off now guys so see you later
man see you mate see in a bit Sawadee
guys are kind of felt like that as you
just wondered are split others rushing
to out their car just filming myself
getting out the car blob the same time
this month
these guys don't mind and kind of left
my phone in
we're not I left my phone once the train
started moving which is never the best
thing because now I don't have a mobile
also went to charge my laptop because I
want anybody video now and another issue
my life is going great right now
so I'm now back at Zoe's house after
that train journey that lasted about an
hour and a half and I'm live on you-now
dongle sure oh yeah got our vlog camera
the host disgusted covered apologize
come in apologize apologize apologize
Joe Joe so embarrassed I know he just
reminded me now that I haven't opened my
admin calendar today which is the fourth
this little one up here and I'm still
live on you-now oh ha got you okay
right let's see what do you think it is
I think it's another animal ah look at
it it's like a little Raven yeah and
that is my live show other guys so now I
think what I'm gonna do is just go and
sit down and watch elf with Zoe and
maybe Joe as well eat some food and go
to sleep so thanks for watching me and
follow me around today I hope you did
enjoy it yeah I will see you again
tomorrow with another vlog Ness thanks
guys thumbs like the video if you
enjoyed it I'll see you soon I hope
