good when hey guys good morning we're
back in London today okay let's put it
this way
have you eaten breakfast it is still the
morning it's not it's one o'clock oh we
need to close the boot mama what have
you done
mom trying to show off to the vlog board
cereal quit your breakfast eat it mom
just push it back in will sort out later
up not to get too excited today wait
what what what happy we're here for yeah
I want to I want to get the riding right
I don't know oh you know what do you
seen all in a star
no but I just don't know exactly what
the range is called it's me there's two
ranges oh my head's it's cozy
wait really quick what's the range cause
these two ranges no last time when we
came to that flat but Christmas that's
what we're here today in London during
the last time mums going in Jeremy last
time when there was like an apartment
and it was crazy in London basically
doing that again today it's going to be
sick monks here you're looking tan I
know it's real guys I just ran
he's been on a cruise in the Bahamas
this is our it's Christmas range
oh no way
snowball fight yeah oh my god you
literally can't see anything in the blog
oh my gosh look at that up there do
these open up that's so sick
no marks hair oh no hot chocolate time
wow that's like rock the top there
that's like a real
take a breath they're literally
everywhere
yeah I tried to shout what's doing here
and in your mouth
oh my gosh cheers thank you we just
ordered so much food we're having a team
lunch all sat down to eat here we go
I've just stepped outside grab my laptop
sat back in the car
it is 20 minutes to fall and I have
another chance yet to edit the vlog I've
started it but I'm only seven minutes in
oh my gosh I really don't my vlog to be
late today see you soon mark good bye
see you later man farewell we're heading
off see you later
it looks so sick from down here yeah I
know look at that just use a valley for
the first time didn't even know they had
that in the UK this word to the shorts
so you finished up in the winter
wonderland experience and we're now
heading into into Westfield which is
good for two reasons number one it means
we can shop for for the holiday number
two means I can upload the vlog in the
Apple store why am I not in focus is
tracking on Sean's face and not even
mind is that Gucci I can get my shorts
I've always wanted very Gucci boy
there's a Gucci as a Gucci guys there's
been some Gucci shorts that I want so
that just accessories guys no shorts no
taxi bombs look at that that's my boy
that's my sneaker head when I was
younger everybody metal Tiger head he's
on my back as well look can you see in
the mirror my sneaky boy someone to
shower like so far trying to find short
bob it is not shorts time anymore
by their swim trunks is wrong Wow I just
need normal shorts hey these are the
guys I need here just some gross shorts
they're a small medium mom let's get you
some crocs for holiday they look really
good they will yeah you can add some
little flowery pins on you love your
garden in you can put some pants on
there guys successful time so far
just grab myself to load a pairs of
shorts and some new underwear and a
couple of new t-shirts
where are the shorts where are those
shorts that's we're looking for shorts
I've changed my tea showers getting too
hot in the hoodie this place is so damn
big let you have no idea where anyone is
lost
oh that's from the I'm pret over here
dick hello who's been shopping pretty
successful time in town today everything
I got was in the sale because no one's
selling shorts anymore and then I did
also get some sushi as well of course
you know me
grandma dougie what's going on in here
Hey look a buzzy boy look what he does
he's loving hello
see you soon buzzy see you soon mate
I'll see you tomorrow on your birthday
I'll see you then beer later catch you
tomorrow so I can't even in yesterday's
blog so I'm just sitting down to end it
now one thing that I also didn't realize
that I didn't quite do but because I was
just too excited too carried away in the
moment was actually show you any of
Zoe's new products that are coming out
with the two new I want to say gifting
collections gifting ranges so I just
popped over to her office I've seen
these for like months and months guys
I've been looking at all the samples or
the testing with the designs all of
everything but you guys haven't and I'm
aware that in this video when we were at
the insane winter wonderland event I
didn't shave anything so I'm just gonna
really cool I didn't know black proper
names for any of this stuff so he's not
here we have got the zoella Beauty I'm
dreaming of a bath filled with bubbles
you get and not lieutenant seems like a
little haul you get a nice little fluffy
fluffy fluffy I don't actually know what
this is I feel like this is a headband
so it's gonna kill me it's not gonna be
hair back
I'm gonna say it's a fluffy headband
some exfoliating mitts
oh there or even says exfoliated mitts
on their body lotion snow silky and some
snow bubbly bra this is my favorite the
big one at the snow bubbly bubbly bark
on it then over here you're getting a
gift in the collection a gift treasure
me this is cool man I would just keep
this box and just put it stuff in it
yeah they believe in free ice
box out of it as well and inside here
you've got literally ten million
jyllian different items in here that's a
good one in that I would definitely get
all this I like I might take this up a
box now in my office you know this is a
this is your year desk calendar make the
days count that's a little desk coming
down by so nice well because it comes
over a little block of wood and then you
take the months away it's like a
separate piece of card and it is
literally your scholar all of this stuff
on top as a minute ago look at that
camera just ran out of memory I think
that this is actually probably one of my
favorite things this is the roller balls
which I've never ever seen in fragrances
that I would wear like stereotypically
male fragrances well I don't I think
most the fragrances I even whether you
says are unisex but surely every
fragrances Union I don't know
I haven't really seen these too much
roller balls and I would definitely
definitely use a rollerball like I put
one of these on literally just roll it
on your way feet amazing um may you just
put it down next up we've got mini miss
all for you mini mists peaceful miss
film snow Ella Bache my day and gelato
captions EES cozy night in collection we
got the water bottle we got the I met
that is great I love that I never sleep
with an Iron Men or hot water bottles
only loves hot water wars probably
probably why she's raving about them
oh we've got the new candles these are
these are people's favorites people love
these I love the design so sick we've
got little candles we've got one cozy
Christmas let's dip cookie now we've got
this big old thing
this hat my mom was wearing this
yesterday I was wearing one of these
yesterday got the drinks the little
travel mug I like for my iced coffee in
it you know down here we've got a hand
cream winter wonder hand I like it I
like it I also love the design
winter one down and lastly oh no not
lastly sevens laughs I mean there are
more I think I just grabbed some of the
items I think there's more than all of
this as well we've got the journal I
absolute
love that is sick and then we've also
got this which is a weekly goes like a
planner and love that I love that that
is I'm gonna keep that I just don't sure
I have to keep all this in my office
there's our little lifestyle had then
calendar look at this the twelve days of
Christmas and then each behind each of
these doors I can't show you now
obviously you get your you get your gift
that it's just sick the foil print the
design owner savage all right that's it
I just wanted to show you guys a little
bit the products because I didn't
probably show you at the begin of the
video and I wanted to show you it
because I'm excited for them I'm so
proud of Zoey and I know you guys would
love them and you'll go check them out I
have no idea when they're for sale I
know that as a roller beauty is
exclusive to super truck and feel unique
and I know there's a real lifestyle is
exclusive to boots so go check them out
there if you enjoyed the video if you
excited for Zoey if you're proud as I
give the mini a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already and I will catch up
catch you tomorrow although it's
actually this is the next day so we'll
catch you in the morning of the day back
I don't know
goodnight guys
