good morning guys his flock was number
three on the Zoe's house she's over
there
I don't even want to tell you the time
okay the time is like our past 6:00 in
the morning I've been awake since half
past five because I've got to get to
London to film today bobbies have got
open Christmas calendar number three
where is it it's doing number three here
it is almost a tiny little baby one no
two skunks and some cabbage it's that
good because if you said youtubers don't
work hard look at the color outside the
kabocha is literally they can't see
anything
pitch black
so I am now in the studio filming some
stuff with Virgin Media which is cool
I've been shooting some occasional
little videos for them awhile now then
if you guys have seen them but today I'm
shooting a couple more of those which is
fun so I'm here for a few hours and Zoe
is also in London then I'm going to go
meet her afterwards maybe a bit
Christmas shopping and then tonight
we're still in London so try to just see
what happens today so follow me along
I've just worked back after my long day
but I've probably filmed about 10
seconds of footage I just realized got
to my hotel which is already booked kind
of got an issue one bed two beds there's
two double beds and there's only me and
Zoey this is kind of weird but let me
just see the bathroom let me see this
oh wow this looks nice look how much of
a gentleman elfies being right now no
I'm just carrying your bag a second ago
I said I wanted to film
okay all right close your eyes don't
look yeah wait wait
Oh walking into hey guy holy nice look
at Christmas in red it is like that
they've made sure we've got two separate
beds as well yeah I know what I
requested they don't believe in Southie
so after questioning why we've got two
beds to Zoe and I was like Zoe this is
kind of weird that we've got two beds
did you book this or not
ends up they just run the phone and so
we absolutely put you in a family room
luckily we literally haven't unpacked
anything imagine if we were both just
like tucked up they knocked on the door
I was in that bed you were tucked up in
this bed
that wouldn't bad so apparently we're
going up to floor five to go and see our
actual room now which pan is for single
beds seven single bed and finally we in
the right room so this is on a room look
how much bigger that mitad
are you happy I can't even speak I'm
like bigger that beds a better
but unfortunately don't live off in this
one but we do have look at this shower
sick it's got one shower in there and
one child opposite so you can just stand
in the middle I'm guessing and just get
showered from both sides just finished
up filming a video a gaming video and
Zoe ordered a pizza ah some Brett what
is this it looks good a with raspberry
sorbet and of course is how to mash yeah
my chicken soup looks kind of like pond
water
bit questionable not really too sure
that was a good shout or not since I've
very bugged anything today guys I am
just tweeting answering a few Christmasy
questions for vlogmas day 3 tweet me
them now
so I have just rude to dud now one
second to go let's wait for some
question to come up I've also right now
let me just show you this me and Zoey in
the hotel we're trying to upload it has
got 15 minutes left money video I'm
uploading it off of my phone
Zoey is doing the exact same over there
tearing it off of her phone for her
upload the struggle we have as youtubers
so it is time to check all 20 new
interactions my favorite Christmas song
sohee what's the name of that song Mia
Marcus and you were singing the other
day merry Chris if it what's the name of
it merry Christmas everyone
no no no not that one the one that machs
remembers his favorite moves what what
was a cord called Merry Christmas
everyone by shakin Stevens that's the
one
okay it was the artist I can remember
yeah favorite holiday tradition would be
this buying presents calendars tradition
buying a given presents that counts
what's your favorite part of Christmas
probably giving presents and eating
loads of loads and loads of yummy food
and what do I want for Christmas that's
a hard one because when I was younger I
sped up oh my god get so excited and
want so many different things this year
I don't really want anything I just want
to have a good Christmas day that's all
I want Oh am I prepared for Christmas no
I've literally bought more or less no
presents for anybody
I've got a Christmas jumper of course I
got a Christmas jumper I've got three
Chris no more than three Christmas
jumpers I've got loads of Christmas
jumpers that's a good thing okay
and last one what is my favourite
Christmas film it literally has to be
elf what's your favorite Christmas film
Zoe um out you can't copy me
oh cool oh great no you can't copy me
oh great hahaha Jake ed he sent help you
got just named all the Christmas for
homes everything jingle oh yeah you got
name over the Christmas film all of the
other reindeer
though it's just name it every single
Christmas from the wrists guys comment
down below now that's a good one yeah
that's really good guys comment down
below now I am just sitting in bed by
the way literally just sitting in bed
and it's currently 10 o'clock at night
comment down below your favorite
Christmas film yourself and I'll read
for all of those and apply two loads of
you thumbs up the video if you enjoyed
it sorry there's been so random and like
missing a matching I haven't really done
much well I've done a lot today but I
didn't really want to vlog that much can
I say something why put your hand up in
yeah yeah yeah yeah I feel like people
have got more than they bargained for
with love mess you seem to have no top
on the hold nothing but they can't see
anything cuz I'm covered up
you've had less clothes on then you've
had clothes on so far in these three
days it's a good thing for them it's a
great thing for them yeah I get cold
that's a good thing if I will wrapped up
they can't see anything okay I'm going
seating up guys well I'm knocked I've
got to upload I'm gonna pretend to get
sleep
none I guess I know what it ended the
video ready but I got two funny things
number one no three I feel asleep for
like half an hour
and then woke up and uploading my videos
he has been asleep like an hour so I
just ordered some room service I wanted
off to that weird like swamp dinner that
I already had of knocked beside it
chicken Caesar salad and the sticky
toffee put it but it's already black 11
o'clock at night I don't even know why I
just ordered that I mean watching some
programme on the TV all about like
breaking out of jails and stuff it's
been really cool Zoe has fallen asleep
I've waking her up how many times woken
up now at 4 times 3 times plus the
original first time so I wake her up and
I'm not Zoe come you need to put your
video live she's okay
wakes up puts a laptop on her lap like
this sits up and I tempat round she's
just like and I'm like her hands on a
key one like Zoe come on wake it back up
she starts doing her like annotations
adding the links I turn around she's
asleep again
crap
two minute not even two days later and
then she's falling asleep again put the
video live she's I put it live have you
tweet or Facebook to know yay give
yourself a round of applause
you like belly no no forget I told you I
was gonna end the video before I quickly
shut up yeah yeah
what do it okay the guy knocked on the
door and I'm just in my boxers like Zoey
you're fully dressed you can answer I'm
pretend I'm asleep matenda not asleep
never saw it once around and you
actually were asleep and I wasn't okay
so this is my main course very delicious
and this is my sticky toffee pudding
that look so good
say goodnight Zoey now you meant to say
goodnight
that guy maybe this is why it's the most
frustrating game in the world has no
rhyme or reason and I use don't we'll
never know just
