hey Skyrim Christmas guys it's December
we gotta party cuz it's Christmas love
and understanding Merry Christmas
Milly every really not quite okay you
realize it is December the 1st which
means it is vlogmas day one but I'm
gonna be doing things kind of
differently what he looks at serious
okay so I'm not going to vlog every
single day but every other day on this
channel and then every day that I don't
do a vlog on this channel I'm gonna do a
gaming video on my gaming channel so
you'll get a new video every single day
whether that's one on here and then the
next day will get me down the next down
here next row my gaming channel does
that make sense
you said it in quite a long-winded way
but I think they get it okay right so
since it is day number one I am going to
open this yeah this is my calendar that
my mom got me check it out please
but it was only likes to point out this
before two ten-year-olds I like Geoghan
or that bit okay so crack it let's open
it you sure we've got this for here I
would set that up later we'll do that
bit later on we go home we're about to
go to town shopping now this is at the
scenery
Wednesday number one here here he which
one is it over here Alfie hears yeah
yeah down here there is that look
you ever wonder I'll open the other okay
but you're gonna get there oh you had a
great day what is it looks I'm a Donald
you know when you get those a happy
marriage right to her cage rip it up
good let's make up we don't know what it
meant it yeah look I got two squirrels
wait I'm not I'm not I don't know what
I'm doing
open these I gone cuz I'm vlogging with
the other hand you hold this I think
I've broken it does that mean yeah yeah
look does that fit go in there yeah I'm
gonna tree hold a sec okay careful you
don't eat them what what's that that's
the base of the Treaty you forgot to put
in Oh whoopsie yeah but which hole does
it go on this rum okay oh there we go so
we've got our squeeze here and we've got
our tree and now do you know what it's
time for it is time to go to town we are
going to go what there's a bit missing
this bit what's that this bit goes on
the end of the tree which it snow yeah
and then my screws can sit on there yeah
yeah look let's go sitting on the gear
so I'm clever yeah okay guys it's now
time to go to town we're gonna go with
che and Marcus we're gonna go pick
Marcus up and meet Jay in town and do
some Christmas shopping I even bought
anyone a present yet I feel kind of bad
I'm also gonna get my hair cut this mop
is gonna get chopped off of my head I
like the mark
no I don't like the more I like it's too
long then I'm gonna get my mop chopped
why don't you get it shaved all off okay
just off one side Zoe's are gonna get
head shaped guys let's go to town
so we are we're we're we got this one
okay so would ever on this one
look at this guy's check these out
rindas what this one is gravy from
all right now it's time for Christmas
shopping why do you like that
yes I'm market hey wait you give up
we're gonna have a swing in Olympics go
pick on your tan I don't think I'll be
able to get ready get hit by car so I am
now off to get my hair cut so I thought
I'd show you before which is what it
looks like now like this and then I will
show you the next clip it's gonna be an
after what are you looking at happy what
do you buying
Jonny helping tape it gets awake no not
good as in this is gonna tour are you
getting ready
Charlie's buying gifts I'm Brendon sons
each other
Tony's buying gifts who not that sure
what it is just Christmas presents for
future people gets a social there's
names check modernize up your name is
Charlie did you know what's in this
really now maybe for good to you change
names action shot
Oh
and here we have Ward rock but like I'm
so happy how do you 11 last week okay so
we're looking for Christmas decorations
or my Christmas Eve really that I'm
going to film tonight to go up whilst
I'm in Dubai so hopefully you know to
deck up a background video Christmasy
but you'll see and will live forever
because of Chris
we are now back at my house we dropped
Marcus and che off but I didn't bother
filming them saying goodbye because
we're in Zoey's car which would mean I
would film their front doors which don't
particular what you guys turning off at
their houses that wouldn't be the best
thing Zoe while we're in town while I
start getting my haircut bought the girl
version of my calendar look at there
you're an open number one aren't ya
Christmas themed but its princess seemed
that's good enough
you excited yeah open it but if you want
to see what Zoe's gets from day one
you're gonna have to go to our second
channel more zoella and check that out
I'm just editing a new video for her now
I gotta know where I left off my vlog
but it was the time sorry like half 10
the time is 23 minutes plus 10 think for
the precise timing like that thank you
ignore the hair cuz I had a bath we've
literally been on the computer they're
editing Zoe's video there's just gone up
now all evening and Zoe what what just
happens away I a biscuit sorry at 3
million how we celebrate Zoe me you
cheese on toast bed yes hahaha haha she
meant to say sleep basically we're gonna
go made some food and go to sleep now
thank you for watching day one guys
remember yeah thanks for subscribing
sorry remember guys the day number two
isn't gonna be in this channel screw my
gaming channel so subscribe down below
to my gaming channel if you're not
already and I will see you my god son
bunch of topless I don't want to show
them wet all right I'm gonna show you
that I put clothes on oh there you guys
see how God clothes on again that is it
obviously you in my gaming channel
tomorrow edit guys pirate my my my my my
