hey guys so me and Shay are off to
London today what we doing today charlie
we are going to a film premiere or
donjon which is lovely they just gave us
some tickets and we're now in a car mr.
driver how you doing man well thank you
good yeah yeah galux
yeah nice to meet ya and we just got
some burritos which I'm really looking
forward am off to the hotel now because
as you can imagine this is not what I'm
wearing to the premiere tonight thank
you very much thank you so we have
arrived at the hotel which is just over
here
looks quite swanky so we haven't been in
two of them yet this is the moment of
truth guys you ready just go into the
room guys oh wow they charlie what have
they done right guys regard issue on
that the issue is if you didn't already
say is that charlie is staying here I am
staying here and how many beds are there
there is one bed last time I know me and
Charlie were not sharing a bed I think
we need to get ourselves to bed so let's
see what we can do so Charlie we're
gonna have to spoon tonight yep and
that's about yeah I'm sorry but you guys
will not be watching that it doesn't
matter because tonight we are hopefully
gonna be going to a restaurant on like
41 stories up it's got the fastest
elevator when I lift or whatever in the
UK or Europe or something like that did
you know that
so 41 stories up and it's called duck
and waffle we're going to be going there
later tonight hopefully we're gluey we
also might be going with Tania Jim so
that would be cool I need to have a
shave get dressed got my nice little
welcoming note on there so we're gonna
chow down on these burritos Charlie's
never had one before I'm gonna make him
eat one and then I will see you in a bit
wow we're going quite casual to this
premier I took like a little shirt short
sleeves some trousers and my boots
chains glutes some vans
jazzers and Asherah so we both shut it
up but we haven't quite suited up just
going for the casual look I think that's
going to be okay because
normally we premieres they're like you
have to a suit or stuff like that but
this one was just smart so we've gone
smart open this is quite smart isn't it
this is a smart stuff ever yeah exactly
this is smart so this is fine yeah we're
about to just wait enough the cab should
be here in a couple of minutes and then
we're going to go to the premiere so
we've just once the reckoning out it is
absolutely tiny it's already big
we've got a certain somebody standing
just over there we got some good music
going down
okay guys so we're just going to cinema
now and after quite quiet that was the
shortest carpet as Charlie said he said
it was as long as his Bar Harbor so we
expect the films right now if you are
looking checked out this is not
functional moped say this then Oh as I
said yeah this isn't 18 plus we're just
sitting now in the cinema you can't
really see much because we're in a
cinema we hope it's going to be good so
I would let you know afterwards and they
were gonna hang out with Jim and Tanya
and Louie afterwards that
nice enough to go in I really appreciate
that short up this movie means a great
deal to me I've worked on that for a
number of years now and now I just can't
wait you guys to see it so thanks
can I ask you you know we're very
mindful so I found somewhere we've liked
finally we've been walking around the
streets we're off to another party now
to meet up with Calum and Jamaal and
Louie one of his friends Ben so this is
gonna be awesome did you enjoy that film
like not just because we got invited but
I genuinely did really enjoy that I
didn't have high hopes I'm gonna be
honest I've watched the trailer and I
was like it was okay it didn't look like
something I'd go drop my spare time but
that was genuinely awesome we're off as
not as I just said to another party now
meeting up with people so come along and
hit myself in the face
let's go have some fun
so that is of that party at all but it
was quite cool it was good here so goody
bag rule are loads of drunkness dump in
there there's like loads of us here and
we are now out the one by actually first
of all when you try and guess where we
are
so comment down below now giving you
that as you see and you have to guess
where we are
okay you've had enough time we are in
that goes
you need to be in there okay so we're
going in the lift
yeah this is so good
boy look down that's so scary
I forgot to mention that we came back
here we had some hot chocolates that
were absolutely delicious
ACEF on they took and we just tried to
go upstairs now to go on the roof and
some man with the torch came at us
asking us why root on a break out the
windows because we're trying to climb
out the windows to gun to the roof and
so we ran away from Ben while he was
getting told off and that's about it I
hope you enjoyed today guys I'm going to
go sleep now now see y'all soon thanks
for watchin yeah chubby bunny
yeah
