good morning guys so I have been awake
for probably about an hour and a half
now it is currently half past six not
even half past six in the morning yet we
are at the hotel at the hotel I mean
Jesus Christ I'm time we are at the
airport in Chicago and we're about to
board our train hopefully soon to run to
meet more of you guys last night was
absolutely crazy so from today thank you
so much for that and I'm looking so
forward to today so I've got the most
rymus breakfast ever I don't even this
is like cheese egg and sausage in
laughing I've got a large hot chocolate
caramel Starbucks so do that thing where
you touch the outside is made from good
luck I don't know if it's actually gives
you good luck or not did any of you guys
do that as well every time I got in a
fight I just touch outs on the plane boy
get on goodbye sugar guy I love you
touching the outside
we are on the tiniest plane ever guys
check how small disease is little like a
little something kick in the bum bum I'm
excited for Toronto this is a kind of
Awesome I came about two years ago and I
did have a meet up and it was crazy so
two years later I'm scared be excited
those nice haha it looks a lot ok my
hands low so I am with Marcus Jim and
the little ones is Zoe and we've just
got into some light shopping center
place kinda thing we've got like 20
minutes to every back though down to get
dressed and ready that looks it me and
Marcus want to get some like Pocky stuff
Marcus hacks I do I'm so excited oh this
place is awesome
guys check this we forgot that in Canada
use Canadian dollars and we've only got
American dollars or English money so
hope you compare my card 1 nom nom so
we're currently trying on Sandra I don't
Maple Leaves tops this one is a small
and it's like a dress that's like it
blue is that small yeah that's this
one's me doing now don't get a medium
man so you tell us how we play brilliant
I didn't end up buying anything because
I thought about really sickening oh so
I'm never ever ever going to wear the
t-shirt like I've tried it on kind of
thing and I did like it was called
Marcus bought one but I
but I didn't bother getting one just
blood you think I never wear they were
cool like a hockey stick co-op you punks
we just Wow go go go go go
oh you slowed it down and now we've got
something like five minutes you go and
get some food so this is what I'm
talking about
how good's that this is gone yep
just about cars we're currently in the
car which is blacked out and there is a
crazy amount of people outside went all
the way down the road and we're trying
to get in somehow doesn't know I'm on oh
sorry where we go in you meant to say
soundcheck yeah gone stage come on you
go first
it's not like shooting around oh they go
like smoke going down oh look who it is
DJing it up joke on you guys bout to
sound check
yeah a seven we never need soundcheck
anything which Nietzsche hey you guys
see the space
come again
I want you again this is a frickin
weirdo
look at these things guys this is
doughnut holes
why have you got two of them half eater
you're just taking a bite out of each
one but the bag yeah see the see no I
like a doughnut has a commission oh yeah
that's what those Oh No well it's not is
it that's just it
that's not actually yeah that's change
anything that's that's cheating and what
was it doing like a math signing she was
signing all these posters all along here
this is crazy but I'm excited we are at
a thing people are coming in down there
could have been cute people how's it
going there is a great Canadians awesome
I could not be more happy to see a
chicken burrito and some guac and chips
oh my god I'm going to devour these does
this make you happy Jim I'll soon tell
you once I had like let's say mmm
yeah
Oh
you about that
Kaspar man Hayden
yeah are you excited yes America are you
excited sorry yeah you excited yeah
excited nervous and Markus is lost
are you excited are you excited let's
get the wrong way
let's get loosing a song and let's go
inside later okay so we're about to go
on stage now wow this is scary exciting
the audience out there are going and
dance this is going to be so awesome
oh so we've just got up stage that was
absolutely crazy as you've been wanting
to marry you most of all
yeah yeah one direction
I got a concert with them with me on
Twitter which yeah I hope you whatever
no lies people lies
that was literally broken mentor guys
wow I don't even know what to say that
was like crazy party I to do I love
Canada now that was awesome you guys are
the best ever
we're about to get some cars back now
hopefully we're gonna be able to get out
the venue okay because they're square
look it was you seen so thank you so
much for coming I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow when we're going to we
aren't Philly tomorrow we go are we
going to Philadelphia tomorrow do say
Philadelphia tomorrow so this is gonna
be frickin awesome
I love you thank you so much watching
three to ten of our hotel and as I give
away aside these goes here let me two
years ago in Toronto and I came for like
an hour more or less like super viewers
thank you so much
