oh so it is summer in the city day one
Amy and Zoey and Jo are in our hotel
room all the others literally everyone
has already gone we're late Tonia Pyne
is not there yet just Tanja where she in
herself which is okay so a set from
Tania every single other person is there
and they've been there for like three
hours
we're about to jump in a car and go on
our way are you excited chase Trey has
never been to a like a YouTube event
before not yea long well anyway you
excited yeah sorry took about how long
Jack I'm sorry trip to get ready Jay I
like two days I reckon about three days
to get ready shut up I did not take that
I took like an hour and a half and that
was from showering hair so everything
I'm really happy she just jumped in the
car nice and tall snazzy TVs do you like
do you like the car laying down just
like moving everything down and we just
having a debate what's better McDonald's
or Burger King no no no McDonald's
guys whose side he on save him at
Donald's abode King in the comments down
below
definitely I'm thinking the donors the
chicken nugget you tell Tanya she's rude
I'm vlogging Howie's vlogging he said
she's so rude bring in Joe one logger
yeah Jay you getting nervous trying to
calm myself down
sorry nervous that is in Zoey mode I'm
looking forward to it very mode which
means I don't listen to anything anyone
else is saying because I have selective
hearing
just what's like the green room there's
like loads of people including this one
and this one's all right
and this one socializing it's not very
social and this one is
I want to go outside see me I was gone
missing so me and change is ready to go
to the toilet together
yep together and there are some females
in there that are laying big poos so I
just thought I'd show you whoever's in
there can smell it's a bigger country oh
yeah are you ready
Oh
don't know how reducing me to a bag
what do you feeling right now when I say
when you say
the Gianna here is a genius at the
hybrid approach show everyone
you
stop
sure enough anger I think that these
days YouTube rings around goes behind
the stranger auditory term or not just
bad but like you said like this really
brings in this one and so in that there
really because social are speaking the
fans being labeled as girls and actually
there's just more level but then this
one is rather fitting that this name do
than this Walker easy behavior that
makes us go girl and she literally
interests so the girls have just
finished their meet up sorry how is your
meet up in say this is all of their she
got poor a guinea pig and Louise got
what guinea pig who got given the
village that oh okay I was going to say
I've got squidgy buck
that's my Maddy Peppa Pig very mature
sort out all the presents now it's been
an absolutely crazy so that students you
step outside it is mayhem try and scream
and people and fainted and everything
it's so Jay and I are going to head out
now into the people we're going to try
to walk out but even if we don't get to
walk around Jay if you just cure some of
these photos yeah all right then do it
let's do this
oh come on that
sigh with
Gardo yes again
well that was a bit of a round amending
Alfie oh yeah you forgot to get your
camera out and film the rest of the day
you idiot
well I promise what I did film
everything in someone's City day - which
will be coming out soon - thumbs up the
video if you did enjoy this one and I
will see you soon I love you
