it's you later Missy berry in the mini
oh no gorgeous have my morning backflip
do we have time we don't but we always
have time good morning guys good morning
how you doing
I'm off to London today because it is
officially wait wait the doors open
yeah I'm positive it is officially the
last day today of the sub life
pointlessblog merch pop-up shop in
London so of course I want to go down
and trim it up go meet some of you guys
of course I will show you love how I'll
be to declare your love to them
it's a to hug for me just a little bit
strange
this train is the southern service to
Victoria
I managed to get that 90% of the vlog
edited so not funny don't know where the
heck I'm gonna go and do the rest I was
thinking of doing it in a friend's
office in London and then I remembered
it's Sunday so he ain't gonna be at work
thanks so much thanks some literally sat
in Starbucks editing the vlog can you
hear this
that's taught in a town
come bitch get a common garden buddy I
don't if I'm excited because it's gone
so successful and so many of you guys
have turned up and in loved it and enjoy
their or whether I feel sad because it's
coming to an end but everything
eventually comes to an end this was only
ever a pop-up a pop-up a pop-up shop and
it's been a long one at that
12 days is pretty long for a pop-up shop
guys it is currently 2:45 in the
afternoon the shop closes officially
because it's Sunday the shop closes at
4:00 o'clock today so I should hopefully
get there by just after 3:00 and I'll be
able to do like the last hour turn it
into like a meet and greet and I've just
been texting Joe and he's jumping in a
car and he's coming along as well it's
gonna be sick it's gonna be sick I'm
just so glad that both myself and Joe
are available on the last day to come
down for the last leg and we've had
we've had me Zoe or Joe go they're more
or less every single day I think there's
like one or two days when none of us can
make it but out of 12 days that's pretty
damn good light is I'm gonna ask the
security and everyone because they've
been counting like the truck in the foot
for when the amount of people that have
gone in and out the shop every single
day and stuff like that I'll be able to
show you guys how many people actually
came to the shop which will be crazy now
that's gonna be so cool to go to tell
you guys I've just finished editing the
vlog in Starbucks and uploading it and
I don't know how to describe yesterday
like I wanted to take the time of it at
the end of last night to sit down and
have a chat with you guys but I was far
too excited I wasn't in the right frame
of mind because I was too excited of
what happened I know if you saw
yesterday's vlog that I basically went
up in a tiny little plane and Louise
plane went up next to me my friend
Louise and we had like what was he
called not synchronized but I commend
the work basically flying next to each
other the pain like one going underneath
each other and turns it was just
incredible like absolutely unbelievable
and there's not many times in my life
especially because I'm only 23 where
I've done something and I'm like I think
that's one big turning point like that
is a big that obviously getting Nala
having a dog was a big turning point
getting into relationship with Zoe
buying my first flat moving moving into
the new house with Zoe also for that but
I kind of feel and I'm just going to put
it out there to flying that plane last
night could be one of those moments like
it was so insane I now wanna do my
private pilot license
I can't wanna become
I want to be able to fly little planes
around I want to be able to just fly up
to Scotland or fly to local airports or
fly to France fly to Germany for the day
like I've never experienced anything
like it I've never experienced anything
like I think it's because everyone
because it wasn't like a paid lesson
learning how to fly it was all so
relaxed everyone like was away from his
friends there kind of thing and we were
just we were literally very safely like
all the pilots that were flying like the
guy that was flying with me and might in
the plane that I was in had flown that
plane to Australia from here with his
wife and the other pilot fly and the
other one with is actually this is
serious the youngest pilot to ever
circumnavigate fly around the world so
he's like unbelievably experienced but
in the safest way possible no don't know
how to say this rally is sounding not
safe but it was safe
it was it was like the sky was our
playground and no one else was in the
playground and we could just fly however
we wanted wherever we wanted to do turns
relight he was I've just never ever
experienced I'd fly my drone but being
on the show so one thing that I've been
spent all last night looking into and a
bit this morning and stuff is learning
how to get my private pilot license it's
just unbelievable so that's one thing
that I definitely want to do soon is
learn to become a pilot I didn't think I
would don't think I'd ever say that I
didn't think I'd ever want to say that
after yesterday to change something up
in here and I did I found out I didn't
know I see it's crazy the experiences
like that just an hour two hours of my
time could potentially shift and change
that at the whole rest of my life like
imagine if I didn't become not for a job
a pilot they're just personal like a
private pilot for myself and Zoey and
family and stuff like we're going on
holiday this week maybe an actually I
could fire us at the holiday I don't
know oh my gosh anyways anyways for now
I've got the got the shop to be to be
thinking about me
back with the main man how's it going is
that the kid and the kids calm down
accuser calm down but a lot of people
want to see you I'm here I'm here Joe's
on his way as well what's happening when
we open this door what's happening
nothing it's organized okay this is it's
real the stock that's left so gone just
double X hours a lot of pajamas people
are gonna be buying a lot of big
t-shirts to wear pajamas hey let's do it
man we've got time
I currently signing a ton of tote bags
Joe's not here yet Desai 45 minutes into
the store closes forever and everything
is Pritam in sold out more or less half
today been busy yeah let's do this
there's so many of us
that's Joe sugg this is the last ever
person of the public shot what's your
name
Hannah you are the last person let's
grab a picture especially close what how
is that how's the last 12 days for you
man do you know how many pictures I've
seen more pictures people with you
people don't even care about me and Joe
and Zoe coming anymore they just want
you to be poppin you we need to make we
need to make Tony much looking out in
the middle here it's going to be Tony a
little one little your face it's all
over or the barriers are inside oh my
gosh see you later bro that's a liveable
boy where did we live Victoria or
oddness I meant me everyone Alfie good
shot ah nice to meet you we agree Joe
how's it go ma'am
sorry for this look if we hear so
awesome thank you thank you very much
off so every two minutes until my train
leaves holy crap our boys have to wait
40 minutes
I hope this is the right one guys look
at Nolan don't laugh parking somewhere
yeah they are this one here that one you
ready
it's not that one there it's this one
here yeah we didn't do it right they
pulled the door as you doing the minute
you have too many keys on your thing
what even all those other keys my mum's
I haven't even got a key to my mom's
okay Missy okay hello oh and you're like
oh I know you never know what you're
gonna get with Nilo ever she's gonna be
excited to see me Oh ever she's not
gonna care oh yeah holiday Paul you
ready guys straight as we come through
the door
during Urban Outfitters holiday Paul I
don't know if you guys have listened to
Taylor Swift's new song but if you
haven't blow Mac you need it is in sane
Taylor Swift's new song right Urban
Outfitters open up open way Urban
Outfitters holiday Paul oh crap I just
realized to rip like this which
means that probably can't send in his
Mac now this bag can be used for returns
use the inner self seal strip and I
ignored that so we've got one piece from
your drugs here I didn't know what size
I am is from shorts these are cool I
like them with like little little
lollipops we've got this pair here that
have got like little roses on it that's
cool
we've got this pair hit they're all
patterns this play here with little palm
trees on it like that
we've got this pair here guys we don't
even going away for that no I just got a
bit carried away they were all in the
sale this pair here little white
flamingos on it this pair here that I
just thought we'll call there just check
it like that anymore
oh there is one boy gonna have a blue of
a different pair of your day pink ones
with white little flamingos on and
lastly a Fuji Zoey told me to buy Zoey
come and look at this Oh give me a
cuddle
I know let me see
so he hasn't been feeling too well today
I'm a medium summer large I didn't know
which ones to get good job that is one
and I've got a pair upstairs as well so
that it's going to be a different pair
of swim shorts every day we're going to
work for a week mister what the front
door oh no time for a GNT this is what
we're going for
if you're into your gin and tonics you
need to open nearly didn't measure it
this is a nutrient where did we get this
from was it from White Rose or something
never try this gin before
hey Tony bored sorry chef days is back
tonight with a GMT at the moment guys
and oh no back so she didn't want to try
my drink yes I get a cold war so there's
no kissing at the moment but I said just
why didn't you take a like that and
drink it I don't care about there
because there's no back you exactly do
you don't think that's good at the spice
the spice chef days is cooking up it was
meant to be chef days Bazaar is taking
over for some reason it's really not
these aren't mine either Zoey's
what do you mean it's not that it's not
about difficulty it's about taste I'm
cooking up some massive pasta why do you
need salt in your water
oh there we go then yeah you're asking
me questions that I don't even need to
answer
keeping it keeping it simple tonight
tomato mascarpone sauce this was my
favorite when I was a child not this is
that one I had one in a plastic
mascarpone children this Sunday asterisk
for comfort foods always got fish
fingers beans and mashed potato and I've
got tomato with mascarpone sauce you
know what the shot went amazing we're
living our lives up we're crazy G&T was
cooking his fingers straining now give
you a little tip on top of that get rid
of start
you're gonna put it back in saucepan now
to add your sauce heat the saucer 12 so
intelligent time to eat a massive kids
meal they come up to cheese I put on the
top as well
x-factors just started this is episode
one burned with excitement now let's
change over not joking I love X Factor
audition stages just lover except the
additional stages no what do you think
turn that up to bed we're gonna go and
watch inception in bed which is just
about a start I'm gonna end up locked
down here everybody I hope you've
enjoyed it if you have subscribe down
below give the video a thumbs up and
everything I know you were gonna do that
I know I could put it you always turn
the lights off when I'm vlogging predict
predict that you're gonna try and hit me
in the day thanks for watching today
thanks for tuning in to the episode that
I've joking guys into the daily vlog
thank you so much for the love and the
support I know I keep on saying it but
honestly you guys blown my bloomin mind
every single day don't even know I'm
looking in the fridge while I'm walking
around with there's nothing to eat avoid
eating my dinner and I've already had a
Mars ice cream afterwards I do not need
anything I catch in the morning guys
thank you so much again if you've
enjoyed the vlog I've already said this
go down below give it a thumbs up let's
see if we can get this video I'm gonna
give you a massive challenge normally my
vlogs get like about 32,000 likes per
video today challenge we're gonna smash
it 50,000 likes let's see if we can get
the vlog 50,000 likes come
now if you plot the lbw come and I will
see y'all bow subscribe as well if
you're not already I see in the morning
good night
okay
