but do you have a Twitter what's your
Twitter to intone these guys could never
I want to pull you back up Hodgkin cool
but I think because you're going on the
girl our sexuality with tankers to
places and we won't be able to ignore
that and we'd have to have no I think we
could be just friends
well I think it's gonna be difficult for
you because I think your mother for me
is it's gonna be difficult you because I
know I know how to say no but I think
you I think you you touched me quite a
lot already today and I think you can be
quiet I'm just saying it yeah quite
forward you're you're a bit of an animal
and I just think I just think I don't
think you'll be able to keep any panels
like I know I I haven't touched one ever
myself at all but if I had one I think I
would I would be really good with it
you'd know how to win shut direction
yeah you you wouldn't makes you get on a
toilet so you just get it in the vault
because I just hold it with like salad
prawns and then I could do we anywhere
okay this one might be a bit personal
but you can get deep with me Alex wants
to know what is the first thing you do
in the morning when you wake up
and me as well that's easy I go straight
on tumblr she lay there fans what my
face goes up a bit there's gonna be a
lot about fit there will be a lot so you
need to be actually ready you probably
it's gonna be hard for a selfie oh this
is a good one to Judah into the
fantastic foursome yes my dad you watch
I met all of them at summer in the city
okay yeah Dan I feel I really nice yeah
keep the PJ has amazing hazel eyes yo
Chris can be a little bit I don't want I
don't know if this will go in the video
because it's quite controversial where
he can be quite touchy really talk to
you I didn't get that I just thought
yeah just any smells does it mmm-hmm I
think the thing about the thing about
crabstickz
is he isn't he's the ugliest one in the
fantastic foursome and everyone knows
and I think he kind of lashes out and I
think I was going here daddy's not on
fire once
really I saw him kicking no way yeah
you just don't hey you sure you didn't
just do a wee I know the difference
between my waters breaking only out of
me is this what you're going to be like
as a father you need to take
responsibility from what you did oh I'm
gonna go into labor I need tonight don't
just choose it will need to lie down you
have to tell me to breathe and stuff hey
no I just breathe it's okay yeah yeah
sure your leg already got it it's both
me you know you made a sure you know
what you did Cantara don't a John Doe 18
condo a Sonya green jungle
yayoi-san Genji Vasa two-story home
Rozonda hi - hey
