hi guys so today I'm off to Blackpool
should be some of you guys hang out with
you and just have a nice
so just got you position now as you can
see or a lovely faculty driver to give
her a big tip because he was really
really nice today I'm about to meet my
friend Maggie down who's coming along to
help with film and just help with the
meet up and help me to you guys and
everything by that
so I just buy Weston for one change in
the trade and this is why the station
that that figure is that was a trained
officer on really really puppy nice
right finally arrived in my destination
look at the beach two swords over there
every hour
what is that I don't know what that's
our there's this basic score I don't
even know if you can hear me because of
the wind
but I'm here don't even know what meant
to be doing next but I think I'm meeting
up some people to go and interview a
gymnast and just have a fun time today
and then do a meet-up tonight and meet
you guys
right now I just that's just abuse
children the bathroom somewhere over
there
this guy's t-shirt is like so sick check
this and she's doing some fully okay
and then backed out and then tonight is
when we've got the meetup which is going
to awesome you excited so we've come
across a slight dilemma we have got
powned Welch is amazing 99 a yeah guys
going down below watching fat pound
world is I've never had of or the 99 PS
or wish to just point out they don't
give you the money back for technically
is a pound as well I have noticed
there's some really weird artwork but
there's our alien sculptures isn't that
and now check this but yes miss the bus
why are you driving just on the pebbled
floor what is this look at it there's
like a blue lady with her boobs out
floating I don't understand Blackpool
look our card from just got ready to go
out now imagine Maddie came into my room
just now to see if I was up because I'm
really used to have fallen asleep
understanding better they don't touch it
because there's a massive daddy longlegs
she's always fun to take off is
literally in her heart
yeah God then one day mother that's so
scary
goodbye mister room
so we're but it if I got lucky of course
I've got the King s we're off
we're adjusting the back of the venue
now and obviously we don't really want
to go into the front in case there is
quite a few people there we're not too
sure look at this pose it's YouTube and
yes yes so we've now just got into the
arena that this place is awesome check
out this stage it's a weird audio the
place is massive
I love it
oh no not the queer not on the Queen no
no go ahead ruin regretting that
regretting now so we just sneak back now
to the venue just sneak around
jumping stage time
be excited
okay guys so I've just come off of the
main stage as you saw that no credit
where there's so many of you here thank
you so much all coming out if you didn't
hear me the first time I'm about to go
out everyone advocate up to get the
signings pictures of a semi caught
so I'm Midway while same anyway any
little bit through the photos and all of
that how you doing okay so these guys
have made the coolest poster ever look
at looking at melting up in the middle
guys shake this up not even really knew
as well I miss and this
so these two girls have not only got
Quinn's build custom t-shirts on but
also what what did you buy me I was
sorry
what could be better I know I'm gonna be
doing tonight my hotel what time did you
turn up this morning in the what seven
o'clock in the morning you are the best
the last person okay some back in the
dressing room and that was absolutely
incredible but loads of presents are
netting you guys so many of you waited
but absolutely hours and hours well
understand why but thank you so much for
doing it means a lot to me it means a
lot for the interest guys I've had so
much fun today I'm gonna go and get
Nando's then go and watch your wonderous
and DVD which one of you guys gave me
don't know if I'm gonna blow you or not
but you'll see I'm now back in my hotel
room I am so tired is unreal just had a
really really nice dinner a spicy bean
bag up some chips I've got all your mail
here from you guys all my grandma's an
absolute mess and I am gonna fall
straight to sleep but I will see you
tomorrow morning good morning guys it is
day two in Blackpool I'm just about to
leave my hotel room to go and get some
breakfast the bed wasn't too comfy last
night the rice almost stuff ready in a
line here all ready to go all I need to
do now is go downstairs my God my voice
meet the others I need some breakfast
we've just arrived in Manchester
Maddy is travelling some football skills
come on Maddy come on Maddy come on try
just try some kick outs that wasn't too
bad
Frankie what do you think of the bus bus
absolutely amazing it's boiling up but
it is so hot yeah it's colder inside
than it is outside what's up Spencer
yeah I'm sorry you've got a camera crew
here come on
the bus so we're currently in a building
I don't even know what kind of building
they'll win last legislature kind of
thing and we're popping into MCS groups
like groups of people who are doing the
NCS course themselves and talking to
them some of them are doing things like
media and editing and learn skills like
that so that's me coach we help some
kids out with that editing which is nice
some people are doing like footmen
practice which is amazing because
Frankie as you saw is absolutely sick of
football she's helping them out and now
we're going to go into an acting class
which we call music
Actium of them I've done quite a live
action before myself and yeah we're just
gonna have fun meet people who on that
just have a good time
and have a lot
the weather is absolutely gorgeous I'm
just hoping we get a minute administrate
to have an ice cream us I mean everyone
is now outside and I think Frankie's
doing a football challenge or something
basically I'm having a really nice time
I hope you enjoying this video I'm so
hot I just had an ice lolly it was so
nice there's less people
awesome everyone's so positive and
literally enjoying it so much which is
amazing it's nice to see that what I'm
promoting to new guys that you're
actually getting involved in it actually
like it and you're enjoying it and
taking part and loving yet
Bridge heading into the train station
now we are in leave that's why I was in
the car who in Leeds
now going back to London and I am going
to sleep or oh I'm not filming tomorrow
I'm gonna end up here guys because I'm
probably gonna fall asleep on the train
and then jumping straight into bed
because I am knackered I've got lawyers
present to be there Maddy's got some of
your presence there
and yeah thank you so much follow me
around for the last few days I really
enjoyed it and I've sweet oh my goodness
gracious on e a shooter he shoot shoot
never have I ever if you puppet ever
pull that lever on your bitch ass skank
asshole
