so I don't told you guys or today we're
going one direction you know I've been
told that this so Jim Dorian this is a
tongue siren this will Tom's wearin
running away whoo Marcus Joey why been
in a Maureen face what it's too hard
yeah boy like oh yeah was always wearing
a whole look dogs wearing hot guy
Randall anyways I'm super excited are
you excited on Barry
yeah apparentiy is absolutely crazy and
apparently they've been like camping out
Gail has been camping out for the last
few days so I'm super excited me those
of you guys hopefully some of you there
that watch these videos Zoe bought us
another bag today show them your back
Zoe your little skull back I like it
skull bag Scott so we're just about to
get into a car to go off to the premiere
look at the tickets guys one direction
this is us that's what I'm talking about
I am so excited Oh Marcus get it boy let
me see your shoes
let me see your kicks sorry about that
so we've just arrived at the premiere it
is over there and all we can he was like
crowd screaming the other part people
are there are you excited he's scared he
excited I'm really excited
my highest age at counting
films so much right now I'm going
through so many different emotions and I
think
I'm going to explode alright so now if
you agree United I'm gonna both got down
there this is one more shot be
without yesterday we've got some sales
and close though with matching suits
look look black both blow tie a tie yeah
you know that I'm sorry yeah it is
inside there there's a massive you I
don't know what's happening I'm thinking
this is about to kick off I'm so excited
is that Tonya you excited don't know
okay so we now about to start walking
along
I was on office hours are crucial
salad friggin crazy
let me ask you let me take you back take
you back I hope you can because this
allow this crowd I've ever doc how was
that that was ridiculous crazy
we're going to shuffle on wow I got two
of them in my video we just stick it in
there again wow this is great okay so
you literally can't see me guys but we
have awesome 3d glasses we also just got
given a sample one Ds new car isn't that
sick yeah having the desires one Ds new
pet I don't know where I'll put mine now
but it's legit hey butters oh yeah he
seems very hungry that you can't see me
this up this is all what a good feet up
do you know what this is been an
ambition of mine all my life to one day
ten film I was slightly involved with so
I'm very very proud I want to say thank
you to set pictures to the production
team who've made this movie the
management to the boys who've been
incredible to work with a very very
proud of the boys because they have to
change three years and most importantly
I want to thank the fans because without
you we wouldn't be sitting here today
I
Oh
we just want to say all of this is
absolutely ridiculous to us and which is
what I thank everybody has been involved
this film so much man
Simon Morgan Michael Benton and mikela
Pascal everybody Sony Pictures one
Spanish man just thank you so much
that's the bottom bit and we want to
thank the fans first of all it's
different as we don't exist without you
in the film decima because of because
nobody watch it would be really better
sensor we just want to say thank you so
much for being here
our families are here this is a very
proud moment for us and we go to the
farm and then it relays amazing and we
get surprised every day
bye-bye our incredible infirmary
supporters and we just want to thank you
very much evolve our hearts it's amazing
it also said this is absolutely
unbelievable to us we can't believe that
we're studio in front of the simmer
about watch our own film it's all
they'll see you guys the fun so thank
you so much I really hope you enjoy the
film this want to be you guys things if
you like it tell everyone if you don't
just lie thank you
so that was literally the best thing
I've ever seen in my whole life at the
cinema don't even smiling
how good was that it was really good I
would say was much the bet you know they
know it was better yeah I mean there's
money but it was a very emotional shut
up Joey
shut up boy what's had the best thing
ever Joey was like um it was okay
shut up that was actually that was the
best thing in the whole world
there
I don't know how we're going to get out
how we're planning to get out I don't
know I'm not quite sure Saturday so Zoe
is now here Zoe how was that um me what
are you watching
I'm just watching the interviewing them
do interview and the boy is casually so
Zoe got into the quiz yesterday wow that
cause be allowed Zoe would actually
interviewed the boys yesterday which is
incredible and I asked for them question
myself so I'm kind of in the video I
will leave a link down below so you guys
can check that out it is amazing watch
these apart but we're currently watching
it on an iPhone on the carpet so our
cars are just coming in now they've had
to like change
oh how was it
I don't even know what comment we get
any largest one sat in the processing
our Battenberg yesterday
I mean steady no this is really amazing
guys thank you so as you're going along
yeah
