it's called the reading ring social if
you pay skip breakfast and
without breakfast that's in the army
breakfast gyms may hear Jim's on the
phone outside pretty good we're good
we're here while we film and see outside
look how much it is like wanting to see
don't think about my egg yeah okay you
ready everyone
Hagen the last blowjob egg yummy yummy
yum is now up to being queue why are you
laughing
and after being queue to go and buy a
barbecue because later on we're going to
have a barbecue comes out it's really
freaking us whether this is much more
place in here there's Jim Murray outside
doesn't know that there's a window right
so I've stolen Zoey's bag me and Tanya
run away the others are over there
quickly quickly quickly go lock the
doors look the doors have you locked the
door I don't know what hang up on there
okay knocked right this guy I have my
seat doesn't matter we're better okay
there's a bike there's a bike man to hit
run him over
by thy hey man drive Tonya yeah
I don't know I don't even have a
driver's license in my fur did you have
a driver's license I my fasting into a
race no God up there let's go just drive
away go on the block do you know your
way then no I don't live here bye Jim
oh my god now cars for me oh my god I
was waiting for me oh my crown V Georgia
needs change second yeah
oh my god thank you thank you
yeah but in your in your best friend
okay why I need pulling for my Sibella
on this is really I'll steer while you
put your sieve Alan go oh my God we're
gonna prep again pimp open like bored oh
my god okay right do you know right now
no this is what you live
you just wait to change okay I'm gonna
turn around
Oh am i reversing what what's the first
gear why am I in back selfie right there
you go okay I'm putting you in gear yeah
I don't even know how to drive my god
this is so not like our job
oh no oh my universe okay we're getting
funny anymore I am never going anywhere
I've got it in the car of Tonya again
I'm scary oh my god I had to change
petanque oh my god I just wake up the
wheel awesome for my secret owned wall
co-wash stranger no no you are speaking
can we find guys to join the Georgian
music on is even worse than without
where you step your life tanya is gonna
call Jim on the announcement thing Jim
stay there stay there right there good
this is a bit kushai dona busines 3d
ball so we're just buying a barbecue so
that we can have barbecue today the
weather cold we can get our number one
serve Allah yeah that's just like pound
yeah what one do we go right that's all
that's oh you sit on it I'm going to
stand on it fine you jump on it as well
go Jim you have to lip-sync do one D on
the way come on oh my god so he's just
sitting down there this is like the
closest shop but we uh I'm holding
preserving heaven I don't be
oh my god
that's Tom Cruise whatever he accused
you want really drunk II just have
through bruise class the Refresh mr.
CooCoo average everything I do need a
news crews present ski both were mommy
watch of other ways
can we go since a favorite would what
what what what what so he's gonna smudge
wouldwould are you getting so you do
we're now involving the shopping mall
chapel shopping center in that place
yeah we just go students more shopping
that's led me 9 on something good me in
today oh yeah she does doesn't she harm
Tanya she's to any beauty mode say the
first things they don't even I'm hangry
by now body shop here before yeah I'm
gonna do it then
probably someone how
it's just luck again that's this other
business pick up the little what you
pick it up the little just this kill how
buzzer once for all
I genuinely think that you guys my
viewers have said me everything from
this section like more or less
everything I know I even know I swear my
life I even have that t-shirt and that
t-shirt beautiful that's the way it is
there even though I've got those cups
I'm writing him up with your man lab in
Brighton I've got like fourth of that
exact cut from viewers
that's so cool I want it would I
fit into that get the thing we're going
to finish that that's what two three
years I mean I'm quite small I think I
made the other two so just putting up a
new Instagram of mean Jim again if you
can just see it be an Iron Man in the
business shop I don't really ever plug
stuff if you guys want to follow me on
instagram which time is witness bloggers
TV so you can go check that out
especially to a while like in our love
instructor like then I started off
another little bit of a hipster kind of
know thing that people trying to get
popular I'm loving it now and I like
uploading funny pictures so you guys can
see why want to time finally did you
just getting a give him try that one in
the shop that is naughty she did don't
put that in I'll beat you know what
attached to your camera right now look
get away get away
terrifying spider oh yeah it's on me
it's on me it's on me
fine that's the weapon Oh house for some
good lovely say night but so Jim and I
are now turning our manliness out this
is this is how manly building and making
the BBQ get your man do you know how are
you doing it or what we're doing nope
pretty instructions oh that's why I say
you know it looks like at the end you
know what it does yeah exactly we don't
even need footage there's a barbecue
baby let's go
all right from stuck already oh yeah
that's what I'm talking to get some
space yeah but noise another and so last
night Tanya's only the best cookies ever
died these cookies
oh my god it goes filming a new video it
looks like gold in your nails really
quickly the Google they're set up here
bye bye bye bye
we're off to go and buy some food for
the barbecue how did you film and go
girls
yeah whoever can open this Sampson as if
you just did it is always stronger than
me that's embarrassing were done to Jim
Murray for cooking yeah good YUM mmm
yummy
oh we're gonna gonna watch what we
watching lame is no because you can't is
out yet we might be we may be watching
it slightly illegally no no we not in my
house we're not watching lame we are
we're about to watch Lena is I'm just
going to watch it online and plug it
into big de and then just chill on eat
some fast food on the 17th of September
1993 little baby Alfie was born yeah
that's me said what wasn't more normally
