I'm not sure good answers may or may not
be back in bed playing Mario Kart it's
the weekend
this is release for no I know you know
you're not allowed on the bed
gnarly you're not allowed on the bed you
know that we've got naughty doggy on the
bed mommy's gonna tell you off what you
doing No
yeah now ah good girl you have to go on
the blanket Missy girl I got a new fresh
sheet some good money guys good morning
how you doing hope you are having a
lovely day it is Saturday for me which
means means a lazy start to the day
well actually no it's not lazy because
Saturdays are meant to be lazy it's just
standard so so far this morning Zoe and
I woke up fairly early actually I think
we woke up about half past eight I
somehow persuaded Zoe to play Mario Kart
with me in bed on the Nintendo switch we
put it onto the TV and play Mario Kart
this morning what was mommy done to you
then we went downstairs have breakfast
so he had some toasted bagel was at the
front door I had a coffee a smoothie
what are you doing to her I had a coffee
and a smoothie and some cereal and now
who's that postman and now I was I say
now not anymore I'm going to get the
post was getting back into the bed to
come play some more merrily car anyways
that's what we're doing today
don't you know what the plan is I think
we're just gonna chill do a little bit
tidying do a little bit sorting has
always got a lot editing to do let's see
we've got any particular plans today do
we I like it this is what came in the
post this morning a tiny little envelope
no go cool that is
it's from my dad so and thank you so
much for his retirement present Zoey and
I watching
a YouTube video of this old game who
used to play this guys comment down
below me and Joe used to play this oh my
god I remember there was one level of
this that was so hard
icon which one it was it was near the
end I know which one I don't know it
means your ever completed a push like
when you put run into the object oh my
god I wanted to really stay the same
quality I don't want it any better there
must be a way you can play this online
somewhere I'm enjoying this gaming day
so much that I want to take things a
little bit more serious and I'm off to
all to try and buy some controllers for
my Nintendo switch because it's great at
the moment like having one little
control each but it'll be so much better
if I actually have like a proper not
like a control I'll show you when I get
to the store what I mean I was that so
today is an absolutely beautiful day
outside which it is but I am kind of
wouldn't know because I've been sitting
inside gaming all day here we go as a
guys descending tender switch
this is what I'm looking for play with
friends literally just spent 25 minutes
drive in here and then also like another
15 minutes trying to find a parking
space neither of the two shops that
could sell it have it in stock now after
trying to find my car literally no idea
where I parked a ticket say personal
good deeds today you know may not have
managed to get the Nintendo switch
controllers however when I parked here
in this car park a a woman came over to
me and she was like wait before you buy
your ticket you are my one and they had
like an hour and a half left on it which
is lovely of her so I didn't have to pay
to park here and since I was here only
like 10 or 15 minutes just go into a
couple of shops there's still like over
an hour left on the ticket so I just
pulled that car over there and gave them
the same ticket so the ticket that the
woman bought I assuming she bought it
herself has done three separate cars
it's saved money so that is that is
that's what it's about guys it's about
sharing caring looking after each other
keeping your eyes out for each other and
and just and just being that you know
that's what it's about
I'm a little bit tempted very tempted
trick off a McDonald's on my home
awesome thank you chairs this is what
our weekend just come too sleepy dog and
I McDonald's in bed I only got myself 9
Nuggets and a burger which isn't very
much for me normally I eat a lot so I'm
only what this just that I can make
myself I don't got lots of Sam in the
fridge that we need to use so I only got
myself a little snack
I caught formation and fly in okay shall
I Drive down where do I pop my car I can
hear the planes in the air okay I will
literally come right now
okay I got it so Louis Cole you guys all
know my friend Louie is currently doing
a trip where this is crazy
he bought an aeroplane like as you do
just casually bought an aeroplane and
it's like a tiny little plane that he's
flying around the world not him he's got
a friend who's a pilot called JP they're
literally flying it around the world
they started in LA about a week or two
ago and they've flown all over and
they've flown it into Mike your turns
out the Edit yeah actually the whole of
YouTube every just grabbing the spare
camera battery just in case let's go go
girl whilst driving on the way here I've
seen three little planes go over my head
this is gonna be savage so I think I'm
at the right place Steve's already been
up how was I little pilot yes you flew
it turn it around 180 and we flew over
right on the beach of Brighton went over
the pavilion yeah I've done a helicopter
from here but I've never done a plane
apparently some guys just come to me so
I gotta go I have no idea who he is
inserted that time Oh some random guy in
absolute really quietly everyone's
laughing at me
some random guy just came up to me said
party I'm going in his plane I don't
know who he is
probably up in stood up can you repeat
all you just said to me the camera the
pilot I've only just met but I think
Matt can vouch for it right yeah
Australia okay and then we're going to
be following my plane and get some cool
shots at the window hopefully wait Matt
you pilot yeah are you coming up with us
no aren't coming up with us - later guys
don't even joke about that
I'm trying the whole thing see you later
what the bloody hell am i doing guys
have you flown before yeah a long time
okay okay
okay going in the front yeah okay
while our what's happening this is their
little plane over here see you in the
air guys this planes awesome my pride
and joy
I love how you literally call me whilst
I'm just in my from my laptop I'm here
I'm gonna fly blame for this junior
glosses thank you
so jumpy somebody will freak out when I
do that you got it okay you
together by airplane
you can help me with landing I'm saying
how we do it golbat speed control your
control we from a okay can you see the
runway or you go to Delphi runways over
there yeah yeah they take it just make
it out
did you guys enjoy that welcome to
exterior where we really fly no pilot we
just fly right I was so mad Alfie's just
contemplating becoming a pilot bro you
should do it I'm actually up for it yeah
I've thought about before I've chapters
over idea chat to my dad and stuff I
looked into it for lessons here
seriously this is so close to the house
what's stuffing you nothing and
apparently I can get a plane for cheaper
than my car so it's a no-brainer
mine I sell the car get a plane but yeah
you should do oh no everyone gets to fly
planes around bro and you pretty much
landed today is easy how long did it
take our what I like to learn could I
learn in like a year and then to drive
in four days it'll be a pretty you'll
have to really commit to it because it's
the serious side of things that like
flying a plane is easy it's always the
theory in the discipline I told everyone
loosely what you do and explain a little
bit and give us a tour of your plane ok
wait have you done you know everyone
does a house tour tours you need to do a
plane my planes on planes all right this
is Balu we left California I think 11 or
12 days ago and we have now 69 days to
get back to boy you got that yeah you've
got that easy after this we're gonna
head for Europe and then to northern
Africa and into Asia and then down to
Australasia and then at the moment I
think we're gonna be going via Hawaii
straight into North America but anyway
you can you can follow my voice as I
cribs in vlogs I've ever done my channel
so you should definitely follow those
we've got custom cricket youtube.com/
full set fun for Louie getting that
getting that promo and then getting that
promo from other pilots whilst in the
air yeah what you should have got one of
those signs you know the things that
like hang off the back the banners get a
massive banner with your logo on so this
is at the moment I'm in the back
because we've got a we've got like a
guest pilot that's helped us cross the
Atlantic that he's leaving next week so
I'm gonna be back in the front I'm kind
of like I guess the copilot but I don't
know how to fly a plane so I'm really
just kind of is Louie the copilot and
guys this scares me so much look at it
man the guy was like you could put an
electric pump in but they're not as
reliable you could just use a hand pump
so I have to sit in the front and like
when we like when we need extra fuel I'm
just like pumping away this is me we
have like we can listen to music we can
plug like music into the cell so yeah
Louie's drum and bass like non-stop and
then we have like a 360 camera running
on the wing yeah on the end of it I'm
gonna talk about the important things
now the cameras okay so 360 Kevin
running in the wing one of these the
undercarriage is like lifted up because
it go it retracts into the plane for
like for like aerodynamic no Jake 500
gig of luggage no you haven't in 11 days
should we just quickly show him like the
survival stuff we have yeah what happens
if you land in the desert
Miller nowhere that's fine all right
that's cool this is our important bag if
we ditch in the ocean we have to pick
this avoid well
flare gun Oh Savage these are I think
these are like this is a that's a
blanket that's a this is the boy this is
really yummy survival food yeah it's
vegan boy
oh nice that's heavy man that way you're
played down it's reassuring knowing like
we like going the ocean crossings we
like and these big like kind of dry
suits that if we go down and Hawaii
we have to wear it while stirring the
play you'll see no tearing them like
there's no gum pieces yeah you know how
when you get high out we were going over
Greenland a few days ago broke icebergs
in the water we try to look for polar
bears it was it was icing up the GoPros
like getting ice on the lenses like that
we could see it from the window they're
like getting icing up because that's it
that's what you want that's the shot
Thank You Man
just casually gonna fly home as you do
this is the suit that they have to wear
bar it's going to pulley and every day
oh my gosh literally literally we've had
to wear this suit every secretly do you
put your shoes it you see the day yeah
this is hilarious
just popped out to Nando's little bit
carried away of my food and ended up
ordering two things see you later man
see you in California other side the
world bro now I'll see you tomorrow if
Louie wakes up
I've told Luud set his alarm between
7:30 and 8:00 a.m. tomorrow yeah that's
not gonna happen you're gonna go to bed
at 5:00 a.m. I know it you've just had a
coffee like a week behind my blog so
these vlogs guys Alfie like we're saying
how many gig do you shoot a day so on
average a probably shoot about 8 gig or
footage yeah I'm at the moment averaging
on at least 300 gig Seve possibly
tomorrow man yeah if not say flight must
meet you that was in Claudio guys that
was insane
like that was so oh my gosh just so
random so rad though I also picked up
Zoey from dinner my mind is blown that
was insane
