hello hi hi hello hi how are you doing
hello ages ago
I featured in one of marks but this
videos and since then I've been getting
a stupid ridiculous crazy amount of
questions asking me the same thing so I
thought I'd make a little second travel
video to clear it up I don't know what
I'm doing
so well that I featured in Marcus
Butler's bungee-jump disaster video and
since then every single day I've been
getting asked the same two questions
non-stop question number one is always
is Marcus okay which is really really
nice and question number two is if I did
the bungee jump myself just in case you
haven't actually seen Marcus in his
video I opened a link down in the
description so you guys can check it out
yourself it's pretty freakin awesome so
within the video Marcus did fall over
and he did hurt himself but not badly
he's okay now guys don't worry don't
worry guys I was there to save Marcus I
whipped out my first code there's some
Red Cross people talking back at school
it was all about keeping it all still
supporting it even using something like
a rolled up jumper to support it and
getting them to hospital as quick as
possible and since I have an incredibly
good memory
I saved Marcus Butler thank you thank
you guys don't why you don't all need to
be thanking me at once
I know I saved Marcus thank you thanks
thanks Marcus you owe me hey yeah I'm
not going to lie it was pretty simple
stuff and I'm free chuffed with myself
that I managed to whip it all out on
spot on camera we were vlogging at the
time and looked up to my friend but
enough of me being a hero you know
that's only my part-time job and now
it's time to see me do my bungee jump
yes I did do the bungee jump myself and
marx's looked freakin incredible Marcus
like swan dive doctor at the top and did
it perfectly where was me I was so
scared I was I stand on the edge they
said don't look down why he did it what
what did I do I look down straight away
I'm standing on the edge looking down
but I knew I had to jump I knew I had
the dirt Mark's had just done it there
was all the pressure in the world behind
me so I jumped I jumped and I tucked
which you're never meant to do and I did
some weird like
a front-flip weird thing that looked
rubbish but if you want to see me fail
bungee jump from flip weird thing then
here you go girls all in the mad world
get on the mates flow don't know they
dad girls tell them I got a second visit
they near the beach you never set up an
eye but money is what you preach so I
gotta say nowadays that don't try
picking into people that do wrong they
whole life and yeah I'm still up on a
high horse all spice
my card even of what jet without just
thinking how much idiot I am why did I
talk into a front-flip I didn't mean to
but anyways guys I hope I cleared up boy
there's two things and I'll see you very
soon here in this channel as well as my
main thing a big Carolina yeah Jimmy's
been so kind of you talking like every
single item of coke and every single
