hi guys it is day 3 and I'm in the girls
room with Casper oh and Zoe is over here
doing her teeth oh I think we're just
about to go meet a million trillion
zillion other youtubers down at
reception and today we're going to go to
Universal Studios Jim did you do your
impression of the sucked in half okay
having you breathing okay so the first
official day here and look so we're
finding here now just going to Universal
Studios which is just through here are
you excited excited
that's too nice isn't it so we've never
been tuned up for what feels like nine
months doesn't it do you fill out your
basketball attitude currently oh man you
know I'll miss you ladies yes the casbah
so are you excited so excited
this place is freaking awesome
they'd seen much now and I've got the
fattest burger that's already like a
trillion calories and the bucket for a
drink
massage this chair
okay where are we going guys where we
actually going to Russia oh my god you
look like a rabbit jump up now so we're
gonna go to Jurassic Park now instead of
oh no no no we're going to go to haven't
land off afterwards I've never taken
drugs before it feels like I'm on drugs
man this is like the weirdest place I've
ever been to I second that
okay well this these dogs getting
sprayed with water boy look at that moon
that's like the biggest crackin wise
nothing
oh wow
Zoe are you looking forward to going on
that yes you are you're going on that
Louise are you going on that yeah baby
sorry
so much going on right now the excitin
sue√±os top dragon
yeah no women man I was on my face is
like I think I like boom dramatic bass
was like it sloppy Spencer's mom yeah
the drop was so lost I was longing to my
thought and a new night and dry and
razor dry right now I turn my head and
just oh look at this
this is freaking mad guys I'm so excited
a Harry Potter well
Potidaea a beer bottle beer yes so we
are at Harry Potter and we've got some
feels like family three both guys good
you think oh oh yeah she loves it get a
picture you're looking at you good look
at this as I'm literally in the middle
of the Harry Potter film sack and
they're filming a new one that nobody
knows about yet
they've got me starring as having you
know and casual just a mirror here no
organization egg-like then we're going
to go to the one shop wash off to get
one and then maybe produce something I
do know some of the others run to
another ride but Natalia Jimenez oh he
is ten by ourselves for a little bit
we're gonna go but surely does it what I
need you where are you and Harry what do
I know
is this the pill yeah am i na I knew it
was you sometimes you find out Jim's
face so exciting right now
can I buy everything in this shop but
I'll go touch it ring at least I'm going
to eat everything in the account good
jump
Tania these ones actually work yeah do
that magic re what kind of magic
expelliarmus I'm gonna kill you no you
wouldn't do that how did they do that
these ones they're kind of fun
just watch you just picked up random box
I try and actually just about go Jim I
don't even drink the drinks but I just
feel like I need this like look at it
put up your head it's like the size you
go ahead 3d as well you can feel its
face Lloyd you want an owl I think I do
okay this one looks a bit drunk either
nice go I was gonna throw a lot I picked
out one way that looks so good wait take
your wand out the box right is that
where are you gonna play that looks so
good I want to see it doesn't read or I
open my 9% of you boy viewers you've now
just an 10 times hotter nothing every
Carolina yeah Jimmy's been so kind of
you trying like every single item of
food and every single pet he's like
heaven stroke and then just be seen with
a broom right over that a miniature
you're holding on from the spit I want
to find a soft broomsticks over here
let's go have a look inclusive oh wow
guys why did we just buy I've got the
Elder Wand everyone okay if you're all
gonna die you guys like it I'm gonna
Avada Kedavra you all and you're all
dead we bought one and then I nearly
bought over to $100 and unity ballroom
and unity what I have and I think you
nearly tried to buy the place did you
John body building I went a bit crazy
wonder one of the guys who works as
follow me he saw how excited I was
getting he's gonna lie about this how
about this I didn't know you were just
gonna buy everything I did put on a hat
I was much to smoke my head but I still
want it
look at three people this is guys this
is like an I just came ago in love with
these are the same kind of things but I
can't describe her goodness places and
how amazingly just bought some really
cool ones
I got Neville Longbottom switch yes I
know isn't the coolest person ever but
he was pretty good in the last one so
you have to give it to his wonderful
cynical and this place was amazing
all loving Jim and I are quite they're
magicians aren't we that's what we like
to think of ourselves some editions
wizard wizard sorry sorry but we're
quite the Wizards we're just about to go
into song song hos joke and trickery
store I'm going to get on one of those
swings that make your head in code Jim
you look really hot thing I know I look
really sexy right now look at my little
tassels gotta get my taffeta waitin
honey - guys check these swings
this place is awesome
we're gonna have to balance sweets all
right let's go see you later guys know
some people going back now which
included me and the others were going to
go back to the hotel go for a swim
the other guys I've done carry on
soldier 9 and doing some more
rollercoasters and some of that but a
lot of us are gonna go back and chill
running stars I'm ready
made it responded did you get wet I you
have to come back eyes closed
oh you did that really well
it is think I'm going to be specific
hearing Zoey get yourself a now
