so Casper and I have just woken up it is
kinda neat to watch them by denim and up
on about half-past ten I've been away
for about two or three hours I was going
to go to the gym and then I realized
that I'm lazy and I don't want to go to
the gym Casper's eating Pete's are in
bed I'm about to eat some pizza as well
just looking outside it's not the nicest
day there was a thunderstorm last night
and it woke me up
so I've been awake for quite a while as
I said but some people are in the pool
still loose mm then I it's not great
weather guys it's not great to be grey
blue hopefully it gets nice lots of our
friends on the way Louise
Zoe Marcus Mars Jack and Finn Louie Sam
all on the way which is really really
nice be excited to see everyone so we
decided we'd head out for a cheeky
jacuzzi Casper you excited yes why look
at that no one is in this jacuzzi I'm
hoping that I don't drop my camera in
the water oh man that is nice oh my god
come here I need to show you something
right basically I found this big
circular hole in the floor I stood in it
and weed and that's full up oh really no
I'm tan man
I just caught some really fancy coat I
don't actually know whether it's going
to be the same but I thought it looks
nicer whoa
just like yellow though
no it's the same
so right now we're just about to go
shopping we're going to try and get
route some SIM cards and outside it's
not the best day there's still quite
nice we're going to try and get some sim
cards and then we like the cards sell
your cards let's get some silver car
flower water board Americans called cell
phones for our cell phone and then we're
going to know and then we're going to go
shopping maybe it's new globes and stuff
like that yeah I have some speaking like
an American ever since I stepped foot in
this country yeah scary Road scary Road
scary scary scary road let's go
if we'd look in them other way guys we
go yeah let's go let's just go we made
it so legal we have made it and we just
jaywalked
don't tell anyone no I know I'm not
allowed to drink over here in America
but I'm sorry how big do you want one
can of drink there is not even a can of
fosters that locker I don't even know
that is so big
unreal you're right you guys so why just
that you're late you guys
so you just got dressed now and already
to go shopping so we're going to go show
them we've been food shopping and we got
some nice food some cereal and stuff and
cast a lot million different energy
drinks and then we're going to go
shopping now for a bit and get some new
t-shirts or the new clothes hopefully
and then we're going to go pick up Zoe
Marcus and Louise from the airport thank
you
thank you long here for the whole week
until Monday so we're just in a cab now
about shopping yeah I said there's more
of a car than the cab yeah this is quite
swanky I'm like no you like that yeah so
we've been walking around to go on
outside you're hard them I thought I
wish I bought my sunglasses
caspere's got some little cheeky gloves
on but they're not quite some reflector
but though they helping a little bit
aren't they yeah I love them you really
what you new tube
watching a YouTube video yeah Casper's
looking for a new watch which is cold so
we're watch our pen and best report
would have your ball you might eat two
t-shirts is one of them I put one on
yeah that's nice like it I tried to buy
jumper but then that I saw ever don't
have it really have a hoody version
which I didn't really like guys know one
thing I've always wanted to do is go for
a helicopter on I've been saying this
that's when I found Lee I'm finally
found a place where I can go boy I can't
wait this is sick that's about it wait
that was a good helicopter ride man that
was mad I thought I was gonna die man
that was great wait how gnarly was that
you think that was sick and here we have
a wild gig now these dogs are very very
rare in the area but without an
alligator might jump out of this lake
and consume these little ducks what am i
doing so we're now walking over to a
cell phone outlet still getting confused
by the cell phone thing to run a smooth
school and mobile are you gonna leave me
behind
gaspers on his penny board and we're
going to try and grab some sim cards so
that we can use the internet and text
people and stuff for that but not
costing us bajillion pounds we're just
going to get in taxi no pick up the
others from the airport so just going to
the airport now Caspar jumped out the
cabin he's back to the hotel editing the
video and I've come up to pick Marcus
Zoey and literally use from the airport
I think matters with them as well maybe
Dan and Phil so this should we call
these are the crazy stalkers they're
smoking
look at the twins is arms this is how
they like to swim happy wait a sec more
wins wins oh oh my god oh my god oh my
god why is my worst when West but you
want to go with you
you guys flip okay Louise you look quite
dead
hi guys we're gonna go ahead down into
the jacuzzi now but we're not gonna film
it cuz we're all gonna go butt naked
me especially naked naked naked and then
we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching guys give it so much up if you
enjoyed it I mean I love them now join
actually just bail
