you pulled out social any moral codes
and poems
Chiqui slept
go on go for it God will spit out
covered boat on that one that's by your
wake are you on the scale of weight
Casper get out so today is my last ever
official they act in us world records
filming
Casper I would Joseph Reno with an array
no Casper would be done but did you burp
are you bummed that is disgusting we've
finished you finishing out day can have
a bit of mango stuff for my teeth and
then now George is awesome he plays good
like a MIDI which is sick
he's asked me to play the chase the
chase I don't even know what it is Oh
timer's the timers going down and you
cannot form a mirror my mirror Ukraine
yes
what would you pull Ricky I don't know
what's going on maybe different times
you got meeting I mean just do his car
how'd you doing oh yeah I was still cast
do you still call
priest no no this
so this is what an adjudicator actually
does
Joe how would you film in today you've
got your little nice bag I like you like
it how was it
you're all done anyways yeah we finished
filming today which is good did it go
well it's been a lot week what time we
get hits there ten at ten the morning
and it's now all I'm doing this mean but
watch warning that you are weird and
I've been filming here like for two
weeks now with Marcus and motts from
yesterday
I've literally just finished every
single Guinness World Records video you
will see if I finished them and all of
them so now they will be going up over
the next until the end of the year but
they're all done it was good have you
enjoyed that I've enjoyed thinking
actually had a good time filming really
enjoyable and I'm gonna miss Alfie and
I'm just me and no no I don't like it so
you'll understand
just you and nobody missed me nor the
Markus do we've just got Nando's written
nice joy it was delicious
magine and is nice so good I want to
talk about I finished all of mine go and
what you want talk about is our new
internet yeah we got new Internet today
guys if you want to upload like you know
if you want to watch a really good video
on YouTube
nothing that's how we learn new Internet
is are you please I am we can upload
videos in like four minutes exactly more
videos for you guys there's so much HD
gardening stuff to watch I'm gonna end
of it in here cuz I'm literally I'm not
putting the camera on me I've just got
the shower and I'm in towel have you had
a good day Casper I've had a find it
have you had a good day Joe yeah awesome
thanks for Jen because it's 2 o'clock of
you get out of bed just five more
minutes
