so just got to train now and I'm off to
go get the tube to meet markers so I
have just met up wheeze oh yeah I have
you got the car I've got the car - a
little coffee boy get your van out your
coffee now we're just off to a meeting
now and we will see your enemy in need
it's a good really really tasty boys
that is see it looks a bit like just
chewed up food someone pre-chewed your
food really chicken and rice
you're right it out spill every night
it's May that would be useful in every
way you know exactly what you're like
what were you doing sherry you
impression is when you say saying to
Alfea that he doesn't quite agreeable he
just thinks it's like oh yeah what the
this is his face game I'm just gonna
wait for these people to like I do this
master space okay so tell me something
that you've just said so say tell me
something that I do this place for quite
literally yesterday I just found all
ground on the floor that's his shock
breaks oh my god like basically guys
we've just come out of a restaurant that
was like super popular that was really
posh that was like I didn't even
understand the mids I'm Thai restaurant
those ISO posh the toilets oh my god I'm
just walking right for a start
the doors were on a flat wall I was
walking along like this trying to get in
like frickin stroking the wall and then
you walk in and everything is mirrored
okay my everything if you go for a we in
the urinal it's a mirror
I didn't risk that I was on the toilet
toilet and then I'm going there I'm in
there just finish William in case you
wanted to know washing my hands
pixie woo sister as in Sam walks into
the boys toilets cuz there's no sign
same boys or girls walks in while I wash
my hands of the whole Alfie is this the
men so I was like the thing is not gonna
lie I don't even know and now on the
like chest my arm one orange one black
and white are we gonna have to do that
are we gonna have to get buried yeah
I'll get it you have to yeah why not
just do it just right oh please
okay no but I'm being serious what you
feel it
obviously then if you actually get a
joke yeah yeah all right
okay get your socks out market do you
always just yeah that matter what your
socks that said so it's waiting for our
shoes you tried to come in different
sizes marketers come for these ones the
meter one the pink one marks let's see
the ones that you're buying yes then
Marcus are you pissing I am isn't a liar
visit my invisible someone I have is
Marcus no why are you only getting one
pair of hands because I got my black I'm
not getting those Blazers why not
because I don't want to like what I'm on
foot you just put you punish me but
Marcus does this thing weigh flick your
neck so he flipped my neck really either
doing if I'm got a mark there so I know
I don't do I hopefully stick in their
head look at this mark on his head guys
let them see you even though my mother
is also going out I'm gonna carry on
shopping I'm gonna go meet my parents I
reckon are you gonna do em doubt them
again sharp I'm gonna go meet my parents
mug this guy now say goodbye bye guys so
she's got the train now back and I'm
just back in and right on the station I
didn't go up to that much up in them
when Marcus was gone
I tried to look for some shoes and a new
coat couldn't find a coat couldn't find
any shoes are like he but we didn't end
up getting those funny pairs like the
shoes
Mark's was that they really want them
and I was like to be honest when are we
gonna wear these they're bit too much
jokey so I'm just heading back now and
then I'm gonna edit a daily vlog eat
some dinner and go to sleep I've had a
really long day I'm not used to waking
up as early as I did today thanks for
pulling around today guys so just have
to get actually home guys but I just
bumped into a viewer who was way in the
Bryan station and bought me some cookies
which is lovely
of course you them were my robot don't
forget to look for my pictures and remus
yes I love it so much when I'm drinking
a hot drink and I burn the top of my
sorry who's one direction again
