recording I do entertainment I'm more oh
hey smash that that's almost what living
ruin that then haven't you alright yo
bitches yeah so what's up guys and today
sin what's up guys okay balance when I
forgot we had a camera man love-handle
that's cheesy
believe me we haven't even begun the
video I feel as if I go what's up that
Boylan Affairs too violent for
Valentine's what about what's up why
don't you go at this what's up I can't
do this run la this is too non-serious
my hair's not him is wrong look at the
shape of that we uh could you taste that
verse chicken that I had yeah oh that
was disgusting is it mic on yeah i'ma
check yeah yeah you talk about my friend
Mike if he's turned off that's Mike even
done wicked wicked wicked wicked
laughing this German person is hard to
get this girl to shut her mouth
yeah look I know my arms look big box
little box cardboard box movie cock ways
all right guys oh not me serious the
love time that was really not what we
should have been like love tag love tag
are you gonna answer the question or
have you ever been in love
no this is interested me like just ask
you the question is your video you have
the other than are we gonna fight he's
getting deep one minute let me get my
heart rate candle out gone carry on this
is love you see just burning my eyebrow
come on
I don't know no less we're not bring
this in
would you my lovin you're the worst
romantic person yeah get out of my video
this is Valentine's next question bitch
I wanted to be that loved you know roses
are red violets are blue there ain't no
one sweeter baby than you don't polite
try to eat my face it was like trying to
kiss her washing machines what was it
Tom just like whoa this is gonna make
these Libre work kissing someone now
guys don't worry i kissing people don't
go like this
