morning markets house walking like a
penguin in the snow not good when you've
got little converse on that stick around
the gate penguin out get your paint it
out
get your finger out I'm good I'm just
wrap chopping loads of layers looking
ridiculous box can you impersonate
Millar he nods it you've warmed up it's
really cold in here I'm talking about
the boobs back to the new record can we
take what we can do
yeah we can say what we in that Busan
golf balls with my feed which is got it
really really hard I don't understand
how we're gonna do but to move these
block balls from here all the way into
there do their marks it's gonna do let's
not lie no definitely a solid a solid
arms no no it's like the record is 256
do you got so close you've got 12
there's playing so not close maybe next
time yeah oh yeah again I'm free if you
try again couple practices you
definitely know we're not gonna do this
are we mark the cameras are rolling here
what are you doing some games hey guys
guys quick question let me know in the
comment section if you think I should
start my own gaming channel let me know
oh yeah my video yeah that's cool yeah
that's got a coffin during the studio
and currently locked out trying to get
through this part here marks what we
don't do knocked out other side of the
studio
but basically that's just the side of
the office some item boxes laptops and
coats and food and anything that's over
there so hopefully it's not all stolen
the others were given up this is just me
most left wolf we've got obvious you're
a couple of happen
and we're trying to work it in here like
they do in the movies during out haven't
in the world record or most CDs flips
and caught in a minute
this is Markus guys shush Watson moves
and then come on yeah moving up and
Taylor's harder this is run I think
looks I don't know he doesn't actually
look very hard it's a bit more technical
more fiddly once you're under pressure
it's one longs me hands buckle if you're
not supposed to the channel readies go
to youtube.com slash g WR OMG later on
today we're also going over to film as
you'll see in a minute when we go over
we jump in a sex scene gun film with
Jamie Oliver which should be really cool
the chef Jamie Oliver it's Rebecca sites
about that
and then Trillium with Casper and Zoey
later on this right now
is how you tad so feel it coming in the
air tonight
oh no we're in a taxi now off to Jamie
Oliver Jamie on Oh are you excited yeah
yeah wow I think it's really good I want
to show Jamie how to cook that's not
good
sounds good I want to teach him cuz I'm
quite a good chef and I think he needs
to learn to a few things so just going
in now all we need to knock on the doors
on the Gherkin
couldn't don't go this your challenge
anytime Joe nobody makes we done well
your kitchen just hit your kitchen just
there they get to use that and
let's ricany action film two videos went
really really well
no sure but we're gonna stay here with
Elijah or not we just presented my show
Jamie and you know
it's not to be crude like the Paul that
must be on the table
it's actually quite warm Annette
and I'll invest in your jumper whoa wait
put it I'll properly put it up just like
you did is that balance man I've just
realized right like flipping skirts
understand in here for his whole thing
like yes we just got back now come in
the taxi market is laying down over
there in his bed Nozomi and there's
Casper and we just came back and they're
back to start doing a live show so we
might join in you know obviously I need
a way and I'm also really really typing
today but it's you just grab the shower
now and as you can see I haven't done my
hair or anything that's I've got a hood
up the other guys are all in the kitchen
like on their laptops eating some of
that I just agent had some nice Greek
honey yogurt with fruit that was really
really nice I like even healthy it makes
me feel more energized but anyways I had
a good day and really really ties I'm
going to jump into bed I got like
there's a new mattress type of thing
which is like really really soft so I'm
going to board to get into bed and I'll
see you soon yeah give me some
