well hi you guys sorry I haven't really
film today I'm with Morgan hi I almost
knew it now they can see new clothes
because I want to buy some really really
Christmas and stuff now that's the girl
section but really christmas is up for a
new video that moves down say meringue
shadow I want to find something that's
like really too far are you feeling
Christmasy yeah that is the whoop-ass
yeah
are you really Christmassy yeah wow
you're embarrassing to be every public
Morgan this is more like your section
that is isn't it
maestro you wanted that Hello Kitty note
yeah didn't you oh you get it I will
bite if you want that do you on it yeah
it's Christmas that's how big my
Christmas tree my house is gonna be it
wouldn't even fit Mouse guys look at
this setup me and Morgan just talking
about it but these elves look really
happy and everything but why is that guy
there and misery men why is that guy
they get eaten by the Machine we've
literally been killed that is the least
child-friendly thing I've ever seen so
we're richer in everywhere Wow look at
this little Christmassy lights they're
cool it's like a netting and we're gonna
have to go home now because can't find
any Christmasy jumpers anywhere today
has been a shopping fail so we've got
some new jeans yeah I got some graphing
paper for the video which Network can't
film so shut up there laughs that's not
funny I've just been sitting down here
for like two hours sitting down by the
fire I've been eating some oranges or
not only just what are they called
satsumas that's the one I've been in
some satsumas while just sitting on
Twitter and stuff like that talking to a
lot of you guys for a while while you've
been you've been babysit Evan you
showing the time you've been home
babysat went back home and came here
even I've sat on my laptop
literally eating chocolate truffles and
satsumas we're now going to attempt to
cook some food what the hell are we
gonna cook and I can imagine me you
aren't the best cooks right so Morgan
you can't even feel a kettle you all be
just filled my kettle oh no Henry J you
didn't
no you did up like that you can't even
feel the kettle Morgan quite so what we
make him have to be then have made it I
do I've just put the past right here the
past room all the water's boiling no
I've already bored in the kettle yeah
but then you're gonna wait for it oh
stop crying oh my god Morgan we've
leaked you got a bird in our kitchen I'm
gonna go turn the Harlem shake and see
Morgan we've got a freaking bird in our
kitchen guys oh my god always tighten
ceiling oh man no real for parents your
parents honey parents Chuck to Bourbon
hung it from the ceiling why they like
we've also got some jumbo frankfurter
sausages we're gonna chop up and put in
there with our pasta and then are you
ready Morgan show them what we are going
to make afterwards well we're going to
attempt let's not lie are you ready
doom doom boom like I said when I when I
stopped cooking I feel I need to get in
the mood I've got my little mates to
spoon out do you like that but also and
you get fully in a mood so I'm gonna get
dressed up for a little bit not sexy get
your cooking out ah don't get your
cooking out why leave the kitchen there
get you cookie that get you pick it out
and in your pasture and I mean first
all right Tyler passes service ready
good get your fork ow
are you ready for me to get my fork out
I think it broke out get out it works
really well that's the good thing look
at this this is how we cook my friend to
one director so our cooking is done we
have finished with some pasta some
cheese and some sausage and a nice drink
each is that yummy yes that's good that
means we did successful cooking now to
finish this relax a bit and cook a
frickin cake so we're now going to
attempt to get this what do we actually
need 70 ml vegetable oil 250 minerals
and 3 medium eggs this is an absolute
joke we have
sesame soy oil molten in or over we have
virgin oil we have back there we have
some sunflower oil what kind of like how
many oils are there what is that one
extra olive oil is there any other oil
or is this and this is a hide-and-seek
so I'm gonna ring the Zoe as Enzo edit
on YouTube since I know she likes bacon
and stuff on that and see whether she
knows what it is right so we have
vegetable oil sesame oil virgin oil
olive oil what the hell is the what is
vegetable oil we don't have that one is
that the same as any of the other ones
well there's pressure they can't hear
you but they can hear what I'm saying
this pressure for you to be right so I
can use any other oil you think so okay
the pressures on so if this cake tastes
bad it's down to you alright some organs
get worried your seminars got like this
so we're going next level we'll add
juggling
oh you idiot oh you know that's all good
what do I say what do I say thank you
very much thank you thank you thank you
step one was left down to more than why
I preheat the oven step one put the KE
cake mix in the bowl then add the oil so
what have you done what have you done
Morgan you've added the oil with no cake
mix I don't see any K mix in there
whereas cake mix Morgan is they still in
the box so everything is in there we
have a whisk here this is brand new my
mom bought the other day I don't even
know if she's used it and I don't know
how to use it no no don't do that and
you hold it like this and those two go
in there or then ones that sit we could
use these ones this is one of it never
how the hell was that twisty thing going
a mixer I'm scared that this is going to
go all over my white t-shirt I'm like
Tiffany Shaw or is that too far that's a
TIG pearl is isn't it my daughter's got
my whitey it's not everyone then I'm
scared
don't put it put it in then do it yet
yeah
I don't trust this Milan that's fine so
now we have got good grease with crater
on reef okay I broke that ever so I
thought the best way would be to what
this and there and just whack a sharpie
around it and then cut it out your
challenge is to pour this into these by
the way guys these aren't the same size
I kind of couldn't find two that Soto's
where there was two but I didn't like
one of them so it shows the right we
have to do it evenly and you have to
spread it evenly as well you can't
report into the middle as you can only
tell me moving on the best of cooks
including Mormons just eating it does it
taste good yeah and on the thing it says
bake as instructed blow until screw up
skewer sorry inserted in center comes
out clean I don't know whether that's
going to be five minutes whether that's
going to be two hours I literally have
no idea
Morgan do you know how long that is
approximately three and a half minutes
all right what you see that Kate's going
to bake in three and half minutes so we
just been upstairs watching TV my room
for ages and we had the alarm going off
about five minutes ago
ignored it because we just come people
to come down and now you decided to come
down Tod's joy are you tired yes the
time is like five minutes to twelve and
I've heard that thing Morgan there's
your mom ever baked a cake right and you
know when they say once you open the
oven there's no going back because it
like drops doesn't it wear something
like that so if we open it now and it's
not ready we're screwed
alright we've got a skewer supposed to
come out up come out dry yeah
it's dry alright so guys we're kind of
oily from dilemma we don't have any
icing sugar or any icing so we just got
these two chocolate cakes or like hot
chocolate egg and half cake look we just
wait to cool down and we have nothing to
do them because I don't want to eat it
when it's just that dry so what I'm
thinking is I'm going to end the vlog
here now and thank you so much for
following us around in town today and
helping us cook dinner and some
chocolate cake and tomorrow morning I'm
going to go buy some icing and then I
can eat this cake so I'm not gonna be
able to eat into tomorrow which is a
shame because that's why
wanted to make as we get it okay now but
thank you for coming watching us today
guys my boy that's us from Marcus bar
well you Marcus Butler yeah I am I say
bye-bye
you
