good morning guys good morning how you
doin
stay down the two of me being not good
like last two days whenever I've woken
up just can't get up today literally
can't do it need to get myself a peach
smoothie what else can I have a bowl of
cereal can go for a wee how you guys
doing what you up to
it is Friday for me which means it's
Saturday for you it is the weekend so
the vast majority if you don't have work
you don't school we don't have college
although actually at the moment school
isn't back yet it's still us cuz there's
still August but it's not a September
how was it septum already how are we
already into the ninth month like how's
that happened this year
27 it's nearly 2018 I think for me the
year feels longer and this is gonna
sound crazy purely because I'm not in
school anymore and I don't write the
date at the top of my pizza paper but
when I was younger like more or less
every single day at the top of my work
I'll be writing like the 1st of March
2017 2nd of March 2017 3rd and then it
feels so long until you change it to
2018 and then at the beginning during
January you accidentally write 2017
still books you forget that it's anyways
I don't do that anymore
I don't you actually use a pen that much
anymore know that I do I do a little bit
actually I use a notepad make a lot of
notes I I don't know what now I know how
go on to that good morning how you doing
what you up to just the weekend having a
lovely weekend
hope you out there with your family with
your friends having fun it can all my
creased t-shirt I got this t-shirt out
of the wash in about a week ago
never ever hung it up just left it
screwed up so that's why that's why I
look like this this morning come on miss
it you said you needed the toilet want
cereal i'ma have all man I could be an S
quick day it could be or is it
cornflakes day a crunchy nut day special
k day
could be
we're just gonna do it it's gonna be a
Nesquik a smoothie and definitely the
coffee maybe even it's gonna have to be
an iced coffee you know we must be sure
hey that's not the one what is that and
there's a chocolate especially cat food
there with iced coffee capsules what
glass we going for let's go one of these
get that I've been listening to a lot of
post Malone this morning which of you
guys haven't checked out post Malone's
music you for sure need to because he's
sick sure and introduce me to him a
couple of months ago and Zoe actually
even said this morning
who's this singing I really really like
it oh I didn't pass my smoothie says
just for kids
hey why not adults too Pete your passion
fruit smoothie iced coffee and a bowl of
chocolatey cereal yes for the gone this
is it
I made it guys I made it DIY days is
coming back so he's bought a stepladder
it she wants me to build Oh someone's
ringing me yeah you will buy them yeah
one more
yeah there's no chance get that away
from me oh yes get that way do you don't
trust me no come on I let you build in
your bloomin all right your eyes hold
your hands I know one night my hand how
do you know what it is honestly I don't
want it I'm content right now building
this can I show it to you
you can't fit in my hand to that can I
show it yeah
oh my god it actually is only serious
why'd you do that now it's in the house
oh my god the copy good
why'd you do that it went on you know
that's just gonna be in a house forever
I'm about to make this all finished
this is actually really really nice one
I don't know exactly what it's for I
think it's what I just remembered it's
for us for the pantry it's for in here
so that Zoe can reach the top shelves
because every time every time she wants
to get something checking it takes my
weight all good every time she wants to
reach something like up here one of
these glasses or anything up there she
can't reach so normally I have to come
in and get it for her and now now we've
got a little little story kinda thing
let's see a little store then in use and
see it in action
Oh beautiful and so happy because every
time I think it happy to do it
can you even fit can you put all of that
in try and put all of one of them in
your mouth wave oh yeah it was Moore's
chubby bunny challenge that's what at
home be honest with me now
comment down below would you still watch
my videos if I wore my trousers like
this if I was like this would you still
watch my videos socks and flip-flops I
love things
trousers pulled up high well the heck am
i doing I need to go my mouth I need to
crack on with some work
it's been a good few hours since I last
blogged I've been sorting out all of the
upstairs tidy in the place trying to get
it ready to launch the points blog
channel back the main channel the
original channel that I started here on
YouTube I've also eaten some edamame
some Nando's and stuff for lunch
Hashanah catch-up and everything that
I've been doing and currently I've just
uploaded the vlog into that as well
that's just one live about 10 minutes
ago and I'm currently catching up with
my friends Sofia's videos so I don't
know if you remember the vlogs me and
Zoey went to go and play mini-golf
puting down at the beach with a girl the
fluid with my camera runs a charge and
I'm lost they're back in the office
Sofia flew over from Australia she was
on like a big world trip holiday kind of
finally got a new battery I was trying
to tell you that about 6 times when I
Cameron kept him running out of charge I
don't know how much actually managed to
say but I was basically catching up on
Sophia's videos
she's now one hundred and six thousand
subscribers yeah she did like a a health
update on how battling with cancer is
going and also Q&A just a lizard
questions that her like fans and viewers
asked our shows and then I've never seen
somebody in all my life so bloody
positive so it's insane the relationship
that she has over a month was amazing as
well but so but she's going through a
crazy time and she's just so positive
that she can't move one of her legs at
all I don't even know that I'm like the
Internet's slow and I've lost like I get
annoying
yeah like crazy
like she says the one thing in the video
I'll leave a link down below to the
video guys
channa was so esos base FIA Thea she's
the one thing that she's most gentle
Zoey's currently wrapping dabs that
doesn't over here one thing that she's
most jealous of get this is when she
sees somebody walking not suggesting
scotches now because she can't move one
of her legs just like things that you
don't even think about but she's still
so positive so like I want her to get
like 50 million subscribers because
everybody needs everybody needs to watch
her videos and just feeling lucky they
are and just to enjoy every moment they
have so be not already subscribed every
single person watching this video go
subscribe link is down below not to my
channel to her channel and yeah she's
already got so many her audience so
amazing but yeah that's what I was
trying to say before my camera kept
running out George but now we're
wrapping up my dad's that's birthday
present alright well I bought them in
town yesterday that's what we're doing
we're off to Mum no not mommy that's
what to pop the insurance tonight have a
good dinner
yeah yo pop inch one good it cook it
that's good I'm glad it wasn't here
because if the food would have been as
good as theirs it though he's annoyed to
be saying that do you do you or not or
the do your do not disagree as a cop was
a collective those two a better cook in
the media well then we do then I'm
speaking on behalf of myself and you
this job looks so creepy in the vlog
this Elvis his eyes Elvis Presley it's
not Kendall Jenner's oh he thinks it's
Kim DeGeneres it's not illumi have you
had your dinner she had has oh that's
what she's just stood there we are
taking her as well tonight I think be
use Ed's it's gonna be there such a
lovely evening as well yes are you gonna
wait now that she's so excited gun then
good girl oh you've been driving the
seventh year literally can't fit in the
car we are running late to poppy and
Shawn's but when it is OE to see how the
Jim's coming along because it's looking
good now advisers it's getting there
like not proper yet in there but there's
a big difference
I look at that wall and look at the
ceiling yeah Mike it's all being hopper
done now this is right I chose yesterday
plug socket there plug socket there too
up there and two up there because this
back wall was obviously going to be
mirror and this is where I told them to
put the TV is that a good spot I didn't
really know where it's next to you and I
was like this is when I first found
evany because she did a cover of be snow
with Conor Maynard and that's when I
fastest covered corner achi he was just
on YouTube yeah
corners dancing on his balcony little
window when you and Connor did this song
that is when I first found you so yeah
and it just came on and made us we just
both wait oh my god do you remember my
corner in ebony did a cover of this
together I loved that I even downloaded
it into mp3 so I could have it on my
phone
we go to see both
we can see boy and honey oh I hate
nanny I know I know
we've ruined everything give my mother's
and yeah also I can't imagine my mom
being called now but we don't call Nick
grandad we just call him Nick it's just
your mum never also like when I've
always had to Grandma's or to class no I
know I'll call my mum now and he dies
my man's were nanny what's your mom
gonna be mummy your mum
yeah no no she's gonna be an Emmy no she
is older nice sound
what do you call your grandparents
obviously granddad is like my granddad
yeah
although some people call their
granddad's other things pop like Jake
wanna pop off jeepers
but what do you call your grandma or
your ground
I call my grandma Jima I just I've
always called them man and that when I
called him man now but I called them
nanny when I was little like oh look at
my mom and say nanny
that's weird she's also not a
grandmother yeah I know she's not she
does I see a grandma self-insure just
have a cool made-up name life I called
my mom knew my day night I think I think
it would be like I think I'll be like
the kids trying to say the word grandma
or something or trying to say Amanda or
nanny or something getting you can't get
it right and then that sticks it's like
my friend did that when they were when
they were younger they called their
grandma gaggy yeah yeah that's cool I
like that but Jackie is like oh this
healthy house the old salvia this blog
uploading we had Sims uploading I don't
miss that I really know we left it all
behind anyway we're going to pop in sure
that's a beauty said that yeah well you
said that I think I said that
we're very name no not that 11 minutes
late we're 11 minutes late
we'd have just left 11 men
we're still not there now you know that
putting the dike Road pup back to a pub
it's not the same owner I wonder if
they'll keep back the deck or and
they'll still do a good roast you might
need to explain what the don't read pop
is oh the dark road pub is the pub that
we used to go to and we lived on this
road the one that we were all cest we
wanted in Marmite chips
good day Oh chips
pointlessblog videos stop it and it
closed down really randomly like
incredibly mostly necks doesn't she
she might work out she won't want really
mostly legs but they are very much okay
yes anyway the pub just randomly shut
down no one knew about it all the low
even the stuff all the locals were like
bring back our pub like that was like
petitions and Facebook pages and things
and it got turned into a antique
furniture shop and we were just like
damn and now apparently it's gonna be
public up
which is one direction were together
pointlessblog was uploaded in Southie
Sims was going strong
little puppies are you a nicer to me
don't be was actually still what I put
it together not just for the camera but
then how he can drives as though he did
all the drivin it was all good baby
one day Alfie will look back at this
vlog and go do you remember that time
that was such a good time yeah the kids
were coming in my floor and drawing on
the wall that time before we had kids
and we were like so available to do
whatever we know because we know they're
not even that just like sign meeting
some day now I told one of my managers
today that I'm going to start waking up
when we get back guys we've got in the
holiday suit I haven't told these guys
we're going to holiday real soon and I'm
taking the week I never had to drive I'm
taking the week off of vlogging just to
warn ya got family holiday and
what was I gonna say oh my god what yeah
sorry got family holiday taking a week
off of login and when I get back I'm
gonna wake up every day 6 a.m. and go to
the gym you heard it here first I'm
getting the gym bills I've got no excuse
look what these guys have done bloomin
heck mums made a cake that we used to
have when we were younger I literally
thought that when I walked in this side
over here looks like you know that
flummery fish
yeah blob fish yeah I literally look
yeah that's the same as I did yeah I
went poopy that's the cake the mummies
were young and then I walked around I
was like blobfish dad what you do in
there is no garlic brothers no scrappy
yeah here we go yay oh my god
happy birthday
thank you everyone's watching TV I'm
still eating I can't stop there's a bit
of cheese I know that's why I let you
got me coming out guys we're all
watching naked attractions together -
two minutes ago said but what's nice
together and it's not weird why is he
like shaking it around poppy so she
bought me a present no I'm guessing it's
that oh yeah fried onions Oh Blumenau
it's like running water bottle buzzer
you taking all around you taking it for
a walk and then take it maybe later
oh no it's gone may or may not I've just
dropped this camera straight on the
floor as we got the car I was trying to
carry too many things in my hands it's
all good they seems all get should we
take you out for a week Zoe should take
you out did you guys know that Zoe's
outside oh yeah weird yeah
good girl you're gonna get four we hi
you can't see me very well because the
lights all coming from behind me it's
just not very cold this evening she's
really still and quiet a lot of cloud
coverage she can't actually see the
stars which is a shame
no let's just got herself into bed then
we take a little harness off you you
don't need that in bed I'm gonna in my
vlog now guys thank you so much for
watching thank you so much in part of my
life my family I suppose my friends
everything that I do if you're not
already subscribed go down below hit
that violin subscribe give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it if you're
part of the LBW club let me know down
below in the comments if you liked
before watching every single day I think
that's about it link to my match down
below if you want to go check it out I
hope you've had a lovely day I hope
you've enjoyed the vlog and I'll see ya
see you in the morning
okay
