which is good handers now we've
literally this morning I thought nothing
else at all just talking about pastors
on here you hey that's me live making
out yeah I'm so happy
what nice living it that's called the
web is pretty much yeah look at look at
those girls find you some views is a
behind us typically seen yourself came
up in you can watch a net and just wait
for Nando's now I'm excited
did you guys know that Nando's haha
where's nano strong Casper from South
Africa even though it's pulled that
that's actually sure it runs on every
day and that's where I'm from
the nanos finished YUM it's looking good
let me see your phone Casper have you
got it working yes eh
all done UK man soo thank you for making
me spend so much money on your contracts
wait wait one minute spend some money
Casper doesn't have a bank can yet so as
you came from my back to me spending
money what year
is an idiot boss we bought FIFA 13
you're mighty excited about that I'm
going to play it I'd never make another
video again because I'm just we'll be
playing this all the time I'm gonna so
beat you
that's why he's waiting you are what
capsule watch let's go no I want to talk
about it this is my favorite game but I
suck cameras wouldn't I be punished
would never lock up we'll figure it out
what
come on come on come on boy I can't even
see the camel over the sword yeah what
the hell Casper Casper who just one how
does it feel to lose how does it feel to
lose Casper Casper wow you look really
creepy
what's the alarms going off now try your
pasta
this here's a pasta cook path to overall
pasta cook pasta I have had so much
pasta past I've eaten so much pasta
pasta parlor past now what you can do
I'm ready for another game of FIFA
semion Castro is still connect FIFA but
another little guest
Oh
hi my name is Casper Leah this is Morgan
from YouTube and this is mr. chalice
from YouTube who are you oh it is mine
in the car
oh you're the one my boy oh no taxi
hello joy hug it out I love you is that
there careful
Zac Efron hey guys I just realized that
I've got two days of blogs in there
neither backed up any footage and I'm
taking my chemical yeah
and unarmed
mom
and what you just saw is my camera
hitting the floor after we knocked out
my hand nicely by somebody smashed on
the floor and broke yeah probably should
have taken my camera out clubbin but I
got this video for you and I hope you
enjoyed it see you soon on this channel
guy is by you
