good afternoon guys I don't know
honestly like this basically it's six
o'clock snuggly afternoon good evening
guys I haven't blogged today because I
stayed in bed till 5 p.m.
literally said in bed until 5 p.m. I
woke up at 2 p.m. because last night I
was planning videos up and coming on my
main channel until really really late in
the morning I was like right now those
video ideas and planning them all so
I've got some good good good videos
coming soon and yeah I just literally
just been in bed on my laptop all day so
there's no point me vlogging that and I
know it's meant to be daily vlogs every
other day which is but today I've done
nothing so there's not that much for you
guys to see so I thought I'd show you my
front room a little room tour but not my
bedroom or from them
Todd is literally asleep by the fire
I'll start off over here I've never
shown you guys now so I'm feeling
Christmassy my front room has no
Christmas tree yet we bought it today
but it hasn't been delivered yet we went
to the place and got went and chose it
but it hasn't been like delivered to our
house yet we have people to live except
something massive but I feel a mini
Christmassy we've got like little stuff
over here it'll bunting and Christmas
stuff that it's back to go up because
unlike Christmas he bumped in there got
some stuff this I'll show you here wait
that is my sister's this one is mine
this is my stocking from when I was
little little guys I'll show you like
you know you have a Christmas stocking
let me put it on the chair here so you
guys can see don't don't um this is my
Christmas stocking from when I was
little oh I can't fold it out for some
reason get out here so it's like this
and then even had customized Christmas
stocking for when I was little get that
my sister had one the same but with
poppy written on it we started
decorating the house of time because
actually I say we my mom has started
decking decorating the house a tiny bit
little Christmasy so I will show you the
Krister like mantelpiece I suppose or
like the fireplace we've got the little
fire on at the moment down there but
she's like started doing some like
little Christmasy stuff along here which
I like
some were there's myself no way
so yeah I'm starting to feel Christmasy
which is good Todd it's just like
sleeping down here look at him he's such
a little poser Todd get your posing out
get your posing out for the camera boy
hello we did where you going where you
going
sorry didn't wake you up but yeah so
today I've let you know nothing I'm
about to go and eat dinner now in a
minute with my family but I just thought
I'd leave you with a question because
for me I don't know the answer yet but I
want to know your guys answer basically
what are you guys asking for or hoping
for for Christmas it's got to the point
now where I literally can't think of
anything that I want and that was the
same with my birthday are you coming up
here for a little cuddle and that's the
same with my birthday I didn't know what
I wanted for my birthday what to ask for
so I just gave money like I just said my
parents everything that you'd normally
spend on me please can you just give to
charity so I gave all my birthday money
and stuff like that to charity and if I
can't think of anything that I would
like for Christmas or hopeful for
Christmas then I might have to do the
same and just give all in there what are
you playing at
and just give everything to charity and
like the money's worth of stuff so let
me know let me know down below in the
comments what you guys are hoping for
for Christmas really really interesting
because hopefully maybe you guys can
give me an idea of what I'd like to ask
for maybe I'll see something like ah I
want one of them do and then I can ask
for it for Christmas so that'd be cool I
hope you guys are feeling festive it's
great again that's nearly Christmas now
I've always been like no can't sent
brightly yes only November not just yet
no no Christmas music and that's like
bringing any Christmas and I'll start to
feeling Christmasy so I'm going to go on
watch the film elf and eat dinner and I
will see you guys in two days subscribe
down below I believe it is now because
the new YouTube layout is a piece of poo
and they changed it so subscribe down
below and see more videos like the video
if you enjoyed it and I'll see you in
two days by motorbike
goodbye for my cat Todd say goodbye
