so I'm literally just in town shopping
with J high art and some Christmas stuff
for our hair and rather than stuff like
that that's what we're doing today so
cut my shopping you want to go into
there what are you gonna get are you
going to get that dress it's going them
like you go in there we'll see you in
about basically chasers quadric now
because all you sent these tests again
so we're going to go to Costa grab some
drinks
when you say to me before you came in so
what did you go and buy your own high
school so again you've never had a lot
drank because I thought that you can get
stronger example I've never had before
she was I mean you don't even know if
you like it we need him being presently
because my fingers hot chocolate and I
drink the hot dog every single time I
come out to one of these shops he's
never ever had one was he good that was
really good
note that genuinely taste of silence but
it's now going to go card shot the other
nights blimp didn't bring people I
didn't get a drink but you did because I
need to get Marcus his 21st birthday
card which obviously I would show you
guys I'm the present I choose to get him
but he's probably watching this video so
markets I'm not going to show you what
inviting me if I can find something or
what card because that would ruin it
so I'm like you guys you might be able
to see just because if Marcus watching
this then throughand you're getting
about Ricard aren't you yes you do
he does this is the card I'm thinking
getting Marcus not quite full Charley
shush the card yes is Charlie what you
only thinks below no that's a dinosaur
or there was that would you be relieved
have you got that yeah and even now
among six eyes open I'm gonna get that
for you for Christmas
okay go go go go go check
Wow really charlie
enrich that
so Justin hey Jambi and I saw the DVD
elf which Marx has never seen so
obviously I had to buy him such as what
markets help to watch who have not seen
the Christmas film help and if you dope
in a business eat go buy the film help
humanum from yourself so I'm going to
lend Charlie my copy so you can
definitely watch it if you haven't seen
help you need to because it'll put you
in a Christmassy mood and it will be
huge trailer let's find your favorite
shot this is your favorite shot right
yeah it's nice telling you I'm off for
Christmas
yeah is this from your mum you asked for
them for Christmas from your mum
sometimes you just have to make shelf
look good in public nothing Charlie
trout some weird stuff basically we just
got on the bus to go home got more or
less all the way home right do not warn
us or their home a little bit we're on
the bus for a while and then I saw nice
again rink that's here for Christmas and
I thought you know what Charlie why
don't we go ice skating and he was all
right then so we literally just got the
bus we don't even know if this tickets
available we don't even know if anything
yes sometimes you have to drop
everything and just mess about and have
a bit of fun since now we're going to
attempt to I know I don't even know if
they can see us but we're walking now to
the place I really hope this tickets
available
look how Christmasy this feels I just
managed to get to get the base check on
our shoes show them your ice-skating
boots J get your ice skates
they're exactly the same
we're here now and it's just started
raining loads like loads and there is 50
hot 15 minutes to be going that's not
too bad that means hopefully a good stop
dance monkey
you have the watch I know you guys hi
guys so I just got home now and I've
eaten my dinner and I'm now doing a live
show there's like five thousand
something hundred people here watching
here's some people so I'm just a light
show and then of this I need my new main
Channel video so I'm now set up all of
my cameras and my lighting there's one
light my microphone my camera my other
light my laptop oh you can see myself
and this is like the backdrop that I'm
gonna be using but obviously you won't
be seeing that mess down there so it'd
just be like this sneakily hiding all
the mess in my room so yeah I hope you
enjoyed following me around today and I
will see you in two days
subscribe to see more videos every other
day bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
