wait Harper flamingo joke yeah because
go into a lot party time they were all
gonna like get dolled up and we'd go out
and have fun a day yet hold up like
moving jobs no that's out which are
covering some food I got two sandwiches
because I'm unhealthy and a hot
chocolate so I forgot to mention are you
vlogging today yeah you are yes what
kind of answers ah yes
you have was it nice yeah but neither
what's your channel that you're vlogging
on so these guys can subscribe to it
it's called more zoella don't go
subscribe to a guy no jaqen eaten I'm
filming how i've already found some of
you that you know what we call yeah so
today it's going to be a perspective
from me on this channel and if you go to
more zoella and they'll be linked down
below then you can get perspective from
this one maybe not this place though
Oh my--what yeah I'm gonna tell him so
you can come along jump in his room so
we've just got to the hotel we have got
children
baby I'll give you my room key he
remembers that so I don't remember that
you're too old and basically me and
Marcus and Joe sugg have got one room
and Louise's I've got one room my room
key won't work so I can't get to my room
but we're into Zoey's room Louise Joe
and marks are on their way but they're
not here yet
so this is Louise's and Zoey's room this
is outside look at the view I feel like
I'm going to be sick and I look out
there not only one TV and a sofa bed
like that
Zorich bit Jules Chris and your bed
Chris are their closest to the coffee in
the team definitely that one because
when you wake up in the middle of the
night and you need to weigh that ones
closest to the toilet so I say you go
for this one
in my room I reckon this is probably the
one that I'm gonna go for because that
beds like eight times the size of you
can you jump on your bed no jump up and
Chris in your bed do it no you don't
fight go three two one did you trip over
get your pose out is that your porn star
pose yeah cuz your way Marcus you've got
one cheap one and - that counts - you've
got three she's cold outside blog if you
have three she pod as usual oh this is
off you look how sick our viewers
compared to the girls view check that
dies that's pretty mad you that's quite
scary hi dong dong are you looking
forward to tonight
yeah monkeys like that look we've got
another little door here jack and that
goes through tonight have we got another
room the girls don't run way that's
right why right you open it I'm scared
look at those fruits like Narnia or
something
the longer reaction is your turn but
let's do the choice now say he's not
okay actually yes Marcus Dixon is it
horrible
wake up in there we go that's sorry
wait look when you hear it you're in I
panicked
oh my god
guys I'm scared
oh that literally has being buried alive
but on this kind of warmth warm how do I
warms Joan or Joe are you really warm I
didn't realize I thought it was okay we
go
how was your trip Louise I'm so smooth
you're really good nothing happened
that's a lie that's the basic telephone
yeah okay yeah cool I don't marker boy
yeah
are you on a farm literally got my phone
bills out I'm gonna go are you gonna go
well are you gonna go file something
looks Claussen fields on my tractor I
never saw them
passion is cooler and if you like ever
I bet you me tonight
how's your doing nice denied lose my
house be back neck
Joe yeah can you stop eating so much you
know Joe you've got so mind trick let me
see yours
Aon and then if you look at mine this is
kind of embarrassing
I've got four dishes you've got
oh sure you go find the muffin man do
you know the muffin man the muffin what
this muffin man let's do something are
you gonna get one
let's go them often I don't even feel a
lot better myself hello hello oh
back in hotel Yas Yas cough and we're
just going to come back now get changed
and dressed up your Nokia or you a very
good boy let's go naked tonight that's
theirs I was good Oh guys I've got
shower and I thought I would give the
people at the window a little present
like genuinely had struck Charlotte row
number boxers on a them you ready
that's for them
again right so obviously as we're going
out tonight guys I wanted him here
special so I'm doing my head on this and
thought I'd show you a sneak sneak peek
what young boys Joe this is Joe's hair
it looks quite nice and hot Marcus
usually goes with this Pike yet but you
thought he would just go for the
electric shock look the Hedgehog you
literally look like a hedgehog I swing
out in the girls room all dressed up Joe
Lester we look like well hello hello
Marcus let's see it sewage leaving our
hotel room finally now are you looking
forward to tonight yeah hey
your aura
nobody estimated to flip your hair gets
me over
they were hard
oh stop
so we're just leaving now with the last
ones leaving did you have a good time
Wow Marks has walked into a door which
get into a taxi now to go back to our
hotel rooms Zoe are you not judging they
look really good isn't it obvious - time
out get up
oh yes yeah pretty much - got a
minestrone shape it was here
thank you
Johanna scale of 1-10 how happy are you
would be birth very happy very happy
I get ketchup get your salad out Marcus
there's a beautifu and get you extra
chips out why you got your little soy
Portia movie I'm a vegetarian as well no
no is that good yeah how am I supposed
to be know are they tasty yeah a nice
meal yes I did sure you cannot wait to
get into bed upon the sea thanks watch
you guys see you two days get your pink
and walk out get it out get out you got
them on way bye
