morning market Sidon on this lovely
winter's day later oh yeah yeah yeah out
and how is your showers get was it
lovely tell if you're hunter how your
showers much I was good no go away let
me get really already unpacked and
everything like that just where we going
what we doing we all going for first day
back filming at GW are obg yeah huh what
you gangster no not against that but
yeah we go first they fill them back out
Guinness to break someone Records
hopefully so we're gonna smash loads
hopefully as soon as we leave marks is
already working is on the phone some
business people and I'm feeling
good about this I'm normally is like
9:30 right now and normally I would not
be awake for at least another hour and a
half but no I'm feeling I'm feeling good
I'm feeling awake than a fresh a nice
shower the shower is good and the
apartment of a staying has a good
showered I think that's really important
if a brace doesn't have a good shower
then it's not good obviously the beds
but we good good internet connection
which has got free internet so I'm happy
but I'm looking forward to going to film
it today
how you doin how you turn on the gear
man we're using our like little button
I'm what is like a dressing room
dressing because I found little mirror
with lights everything Oh papa
yeah are you excited film today yeah man
we need a match up you know usual bits
standing him up are you nice and snap it
snug you're wearing like 42 layers
yeah I'm good you excited yeah looking
forward to film California ages
look at the lights kind of weird doing
it again
yeah this is the set which we're on I'd
like to be able to tell the more
challenges we're doing what was going on
we're not going out for quite a while
and now we've got some fun stuff coming
up well you have a shot with your hat
you have a stylish but your hair your
hat I'm not be a hurry out no you're not
in I know who did it no damn you my dim
I'll ask him
all right my help you in my bath or your
master oh nice oh you're not fold up my
lens
ah therefore get out so we just you know
like our view of lunch I would shooting
a maven and their sandwich test as a
Gris all the way yeah my favorite
sandwich I got some fried chicken pasta
which is quite nice and then we're just
gonna sit on the internet for a while I
look at these cops officially amazing
Guinness World Records cops
so any like coffee through that I
already I just finished my lunch break
that's mean us food and I'm not really
tired but we've got like three hours and
I feel minutes coming a three o'clock
right now and we are going to go shoot
the rest of the videos well show us your
hair shirt your hair it's just your hair
like a mawkish shot shows your hair
oh yeah but you know you need you got
nowhere to run now show us your he'll
show us your hair show us your hair yeah
wait
Marcus we've got some bucks to stuff
mock's you can snap table I probably
will run acknowledged you have got a
ghetto booty
so you're just gonna set film on in the
little video way at the moment which
it's going down well it's there I'm not
going to say what happened or what's
happening but it's going good it's
exciting
see you guys smile so we're talking back
to the drug session now it's freezer is
so cold I'm where like to make it drop
the alert brings awareness sheep I'm
wearing a shirt as much this white
that's like full on the comments in your
last video
are you a Marxist sheep out oh yeah I'm
wearing your shoe jungle impression and
those do you yeah that's what we trying
to start with the cotton Anders not
right now but I think we might to just
man up and go or something I'm not too
sure but my camera battery is running
really low right now so we're gonna have
to end the day vlog early which is a
shame yeah but they've had loads of
stuff today so we will see you in two
days but also quickly just for you in
the video make sure to subscribe up
above click like if you enjoyed the
video but also guys we just living in
London two weeks ah we will extend the
line of two weeks filming for Guinness
World Records so all the daily vlogs
will be me mops together having loads of
fun
all do like different stuff every day
things like that so there'll be some fun
fun fun they do vlogs come in everyday
this channel why because everyone says
that they are yeah I don't really care
bye guys see you in two days
