you know what so today don't even know
that intro was I literally don't know I
have got out the shower so far today I
made some porridge your breakfast there
some porridge I didn't drink my cup of
tea though I don't know why I left it
and then cold tea is just disgusting but
I've got that bad
I've got dressed what half dressed I'm
wearing my comfy shorts that they're not
really anything they just comfy shorts
everybody's got ever some comfy clothes
just to land right in the house I sit
down and get a bit comfy I just really
listening to loads I download to the new
One Direction album guys I downloaded of
course the yearbook edition I bought I
said to you two days ago that I was
going to film a new main Channel video
but I kind of become really really lazy
that evening and I didn't so that's
resultant of me now today two days later
than when I said having to film a new
main Channel video for this Friday so
I'm about to film a new video obviously
I've got to do my hair and stuff on my
hair I have done but even events have
done my hair I got this cool little
Simon's captain Louise gave me which is
really cool if you don't watch Tom's cat
on YouTube you show some really cool and
and yeah I'm literally gonna film a main
Channel video now I finally decided on
my setup of this new video
my hair is atrocious I know so I need to
go and sort that out but I've got my
camera there one light there when I
there and this is the setup I've had to
destroy in my kitchen
do you like my new kitchen setup I don't
think my mum and dad are gonna be happy
when they get home but oh well it's for
a YouTube video so this is my setup this
is the angle that is what I'm going to
be looking like so I just finished
filming my newest video
Todd is sleeping than here saying I see
low Mishnah and I'm currently just
starting editing the new video I've
literally destroyed the kitchen I've
still left it so messy but it's okay
because I have my friend Charlie or che
as a lot of you know him or why
shouldn't eat my laptop coming over with
the doodle dongdong Zoe who is currently
staying with like a uni friend who goes
to Brighton uni which is really cool
because I live in Brighton so they're
both coming over and we're going to do a
livestream
from Zoey's account on you now and then
we're going to go banane those together
so that's going to be fun
he's going to pause like a picture yeah
guys are we about today oh hi we're not
always gonna go crazy crazy crazy till
we see the Sun we're not that's one
thing we're not gonna do well we can do
you go right up out of that and a
reindeer reindeer on the South Pole
these guys are freaking morons we're
about to go live now on you now to do
Zoey's live show are you vlogging me
right now yeah we're vlogging Concepcion
guys say hello to the day vlog that
we want yeah you would like to know if
you marry him go pardon I shake Jay
wants to know if you'll marry him
of course oh great Zoey is now married
next Oh get in the taxi to go to Nando's
Jodi
no we're having a serious conversation
serious where we gonzo
oh thank y'all
full chicken
yes thanks good chickens watching ha ha
we just got some takeaway desserts
chocolate cakes to take back form so I
just got back from Nando's now got a
taxi back dropped off Zuri to a friend's
uni dropped off Holly Holm dropped a off
home literally it's got my nan dowas
pudding to eat and edit the new video
that I filmed today which I'm excited
about it's hopefully gonna be good I'm
going to be right I'm really really
tired there's not really much I'm going
to do today so I guess that's the end of
the vlog I hope you enjoyed watching
today you met I was going to say some
more friends were you already met
chained your buddy met Holly before so
you met my friends again and I will see
your in two days filming really so now I
feel I don't need to get back to Jack so
from today after today when my new video
in two days
