hello hello Todd okay yeah yeah don't
don't good that clothes your guys let me
just walk through you to my front burn
so it's pretty dumb later in the day
already I'm sorry that this daily
Volquez star did so late well you
probably see some about it just mean
about kind of there basically today I
got up about half past twelve I've had
the busiest few days ever like
ridiculously ridiculously busy I've been
up in Northampton with Louise and Zoe
and Louise's baby Darcy just like
chillin making videos shopping and doing
some college like artwork for her sister
and just stuff like that Todd's still
not seeing it I think Todd wants to be
in the vlog one sec Todd was just like
sitting there chilling like Amma now for
you put me back on the camera what is
there some what do you want before I'm
not just like in a little bit I want to
be the whole thing and so yeah I've been
like ridiculously we did actually busy
doing loads of stuff up north of England
or slightly more north than Brighton
buttons like like the bomb in the south
which is where I live
so yeah this blog is not gonna be
amazing because today I've got out of
bed really late I stayed in bed for ages
doing some emails and stuff and then I
thought I would go shopping so into town
just nip down really quickly for like an
hour by myself grabbed a Starbucks yes
read Starbucks cops are back which is
good it means it's Christmassy Mesa I
felt Christmasy drinking my Starbucks
and then didn't really find anything
that I wanted and came back home bumped
into Sam and Louie and maths while I was
in town oh no and I got my eyes tested I
thought I haven't had my eyes tested in
ages so when it got talked to it she
still sitting there I feel like she put
the camera back on him it looks lonely
he got odd hello and right let me just
Karen striking him and yeah so I felt
like I haven't had more so saying I had
no my eyes tested like I don't member
the lost my dad so I was like okay I'll
go in and book an appointment and they
were like well there's a slot in six
it's if you want it done today now and
that's like okay so I already got my
eyes tested don't know I'm I don't even
know why I'm telling you this I suppose
you'd like to part my life now I'll show
you everything that I do do that's the
whole point at these videos and there's
nothing wrong with them never liked your
eyes completely perfect absolutely fine
so that was that there was no need in me
telling you that because my eyes were
fine so yeah I don't need glasses and
then I came home got my hair cut my
haircuts quite a lot shorter than me let
me see how short my hair looks now my
hair looks quite sure feels like really
fluffy so I just got the shower and I
washed out with a little bits of hair my
hairdresser came in my house she cut my
hair which was nice and now I'm just
like filming the main channel video I
don't know if you guys yeah you guys
have seen how film videos for so I don't
really need to film that so that's about
my day wasn't very interesting so you've
had to old me just speaking about
instead of doing it which I'm sorry
about but I've just been so busy I
haven't really had that much time to
film really don't know I feel I need to
get back on track so from today after
today when my new video in two days time
cuz on this channel upload every other
day will be a proper video a proper
video of me films my whole day none of
this one take rubbish at the end of the
day I'm sorry I've just been really
really busy and I feel bad but this is
better than nothing I hope so yeah
starting in two days I will try my very
best to get back on track and actually
fill my whole days I have got a two-week
slot coming up of me filming for
Guinness World Records again me and
Marcus present a show Guinness World
Records YouTube channel if you want to
find that out G youtube.com slash gwr so
those two weeks slot so I'm probably
making you feel sick by walking around
let me sit down so that two weeks slot
of filming coming up starting this
Monday will be will be good you guys
will get a lot of backstage footage you
guys will get a lot of me Marcus messing
about in our hotel or our apartment
wherever we're staying in London so they
all be some very very good videos I
promise
you guys I will now end this day we're
Tod saying goodbye so if you did enjoy
it maybe subscribe up above and click
the like button here is my cat Todd
say goodbye to them
