at a hard morning haven't you getting up
having breakfast
down back to bed so hard life being a
pug isn't it good morning guys good
morning how you doin hope you're having
a lovely day I'm back in Brighton I'm
back at what I'm actually not home I'm
in the office which no one has been in
this office for maybe like a week now
maybe a little bit more than a week
which means that I need to need to water
all of my plants this is the bad thing
but having plants
I mean they look awesome and I love them
but I'm just so bad at remembering talk
to them I don't know how much to water
each one I'm just like chucking water at
it I'll give you a little bit as well so
just don't know what too much is when it
starts coming at the bottom you need a
big drink give me one second guys I'm
just gonna walk around and water my
plants for a minute all the plants are
looking great except from the UM the
sunflowers don't look don't look too
happy
how you doing there guys how you doing I
feel like the last week has just been
just insane like I know I've been saying
it a lot but the pop-up shop has
honestly taken so much time out of every
single day for the past like month I
suppose because obviously the shop
opened a week ago but prior to that was
all the planning and making sure that
the shop was going to be good and I'm
just so bloody glad that the shop is
amazing and there's so many of you have
turned up and loving the merch and
they're loving the shop itself and
they're loving just the atmosphere and
being involved it's just such like a
this thing that we're doing right now
this this way in which we're hanging out
with interacting filming these these
little videos right now I'm just I'm
just sitting here I'm just a normal
person sitting here in my office
but talking to a camera but this is a
camera this isn't a person however you
are a person watching this and the fact
that we can we can make this digital
video thing that I do into a way in
which not only I can interact
you guys and obviously you can interact
Missouri in Jo as well because this slug
life and PB collaboration but it is so
much more than that
it's a way in which you guys can meet up
and meet other like like-minded people
in the queues in the shop on social
tweeting with the hashtag and stuff like
the amount of friendships that have been
made because of this collaboration is
mind-blowing I have honestly seen so
many of you making friends in the queue
and chatting and hanging out there for
lunch together a staff and the amount of
mums and parents that meeting other
parents and obviously this thing this
YouTube thing isn't I mean it's super
popular for the ages of people between
like 10 and 35 40 years old but there
aren't too many people that watch my
videos that are over 50 just say so it's
amazing for parents and honestly I'm
seeing this like when I'm chatting to
your parents when I'm like meeting you
guys and I'm seeing the queue and stuff
the amount of parents that have met
other parents that can talk about the
weird thing that their kids likes which
you've bought which is watching my
videos I don't know that's just cool as
well it's all just been so bloody
exciting but anyways today I'm back in
Brighton like if I'm back in Brighton
there was one thing maybe don't forget
my Kia caught myself out there's one
thing that I need to do
a morning backflip I get off so much
whenever I meet you guys in the street
that is the one thing that people asked
me is have you done your morning
backflip today I didn't realize that
this morning backflip joke little thing
that I do would be taken so seriously
has been putting some light someone has
been putting some light min your or some
kind of poo on their land around our
house I'd never smelt something like
this in my life just finish editing and
uploading the vlog on his he never
spelled something like that in my life
people must be putting like some kind of
manure on their on their gardens on
their land around our house because guys
that smells like the worst whoever so
the other day my vlog everyone and
literally everyone you watching this
rinsed me for using for using masking no
not masking tape what one is a duct tape
duct I think is it duck tape I don't
know using some kind of tape to like get
the flop of my jeans and everyone rinse
me said I need one of these
so Zoey bought me one of these so now I
can finally do this instead don't get me
wrong they've had one of these before
and they're amazing but you didn't have
one the other day jumping in the old
Aldi and heading in sound guys today
today I feel like I'm about to say a
word that doesn't fully describe how I'm
feeling so don't it
it's got connotation mean bad thing
today I feel a little bit emotional not
in a sad way like I don't feel sad I
think it's just because I've just been
listening to loads of like really
chilled nice music whilst editing the
vlog and stuff today it's one of the
days love that sat back I've had to
think about everything that's going on
about the shop about the position I'm in
about the new house about I don't know
guys just like a a realization today of
how bloody lucky I am that's insane oh
and now not the camera off justice
anyways I'm heading into town because
tomorrow tomorrow is my dad's birthday
and it was only the other day that would
celebrate my dad finishing work
retiring so we got like a really nice
retirement prism so there isn't so much
pressure on like gain him a good
birthday present I feel like we smashed
it with the retirement present but
obviously I need to head into town and I
have another chance recently to like get
my card and stuff like that so I'm
popping sound now I'm gonna go get my
card try and get him a present
I do also I do know what I want to give
him for his present from Zoe and I I
don't know whether to tell you in this
blog or whether this vlogs gonna go up
slightly before we give it to I feel
like no I'll tell you so my dad doesn't
drive my dad hasn't driven since he was
19 but he does have a license but he
haven't he hasn't driven since he was 19
no particular reason why he's never ever
had like some particular bad experience
that scared him he just doesn't drive
but but now being retired and having the
time because the P his previous job used
to commute to London everyday set its
lawn for 450 every morning and get home
and like 7:30 8:00 p.m. so you work
super long hours a lot of like for four
or five hours on the train every single
day commuting just never really had the
time to learn to drive again so I want
to get him or not I want to I'm going to
if Zoe like maybe like six refresher
driving lessons so that he can learn to
drive again which would be nice for him
so that's the president but obviously
that's not anything physical and it's
not always always nice to give somebody
a car there's something physical for the
birthday so I'm just gonna pop into town
now and and just and just see what there
is see what there is pick up some little
bits maybe a new pair of gym shoes or
something or some gym shorts or I I
don't know I don't know we'll see
right so I managed to find good presents
a good card and literally going for
dinner in about an hour but I'm so
hungry I need to get some sushi quickly
there how's it going when I'm old I'm
gonna be that parent that has my kid on
like one of those harness lead kind of
things I just saw a little girl how walk
out into the road and her mom grabbed
her and she was like I'm sorry mom she
literally just ran out so scary so
bloomin scary I've got such a bad
headache from wearing a hat all day but
you know when your head just like feels
that someone's just been maybe that's
just me wear my hat too tight basically
if a head feels like it's got pressure
inside it from wearing a hat a couple of
months ago used to wear a hat like all
day every day and I never used to get
this anyways successful time in town I
brought my dad let me show you am into
an old little birthday haul I bought my
dad some socks gym socks some really
cool gym shorts they look like a really
nice material they're like not thin but
they're not thick they're like I don't
know great description I mean not thin
but not thick and then I also got him a
new SIM card for his phone because
obviously as you know as I've been
telling you my dad's just retired from
work and his phone that he has has
always been a work phone like he just
has one phone so now he no longer has
her phone and I was in town and I know
he hasn't got a phone and he's not gonna
have one done by tomorrow so I thought
you know what get him a new SIM card get
him a new contract get him a number
because he's got a physical mobile but
he doesn't have a SIM card so I just got
my SIM card so that he can put it in his
phone and he's got data around Europe
and stuff like that in case he was in
holiday and things and 20 gigabytes of
internet and my ID I got I got a good
good contract deal I also bought myself
as you just saw some sushi which
probably a little bit stupid because
what I'm about to do right now is drive
to the marina and meet Marcus and
Stefanie and Zoe's driving over from my
house as well and we're all gonna I
think we're gonna I think we're gonna
play like glow-in-the-dark dinosaur I've
been before the vlogs
crazy golf so it's like putting crazy
golf marks is the most competitive
person ever
so are we interested in playing with him
and and it's gonna and it's gonna be
sick and then we're gonna go for dinner
or though I'm kind of eating now because
as you know I have a breakfast and
there's not any excuses just sushi and I
like that yeah that's what I'm about to
do they look good I just picked these up
from the pop-up store oh thank you
thanks so much
here he is our youtube readable YouTube
leaderboard clipboard around his neck oh
my gosh
apparently I'm up first there we go oh I
wish I recorded mocks gun oh you can
basically hit it anywhere yeah that's
good I'm yellow Zoey's pink Steph is
green and Marcus is orange Oh Marcus
gone with his old branding with the
orange
you work for golf lessons this morning
Steph ease up just don't hit the wall
here
look how serious Marcus is I then you
want it you want to hit here oh my god
your tea you got this sorry to the hole
on this one is just the top of the Blue
Bear but if you hit it too hard it will
go down this side too gently all come
back down
God then this is the hardest home there
is here yeah you're gonna get really
lucky now
Steffie things hole-in-one Oh both sorry
I know I just got a hole-in-one no
pressure guys come on Marcus the
pressure three holy ones he's gonna be
so annoyed if he doesn't get this
competitive he is
go on no wait wait wait
this is the last hole you forgot one
point or six points in case you're
wondering how the wizard work six points
is bad oh yes never go it's gonna bring
it back because of your whatsit
just yet pretend 2001
be the game changer token alfea's donor
just from that last half 42 ready so
annoyed he's on the top scores by an 80
year old guys we all just got beaten by
an eight-year-old my car's making a
weird noise
Marx's coming to fix it that would
probably help if I got rid of some of
these leaves maybe I would just leave it
for a bit and come back out and then
it'd be up in play what you think the
car switch or what I don't like
and you called earlier right what's your
name right is there anything else for
your walking home Marcus doesn't have a
car and they've got like I don't reckon
the Orcas to be ours for 10 miles yeah
after watching this pitch black Marcus's
man to himself she you peed yourself
yeah
they're too scared to come watch this
they leave in you scared boy you should
get scared to get that taxi home sorry
sorry why are you trying to scare me why
are you trying to scare me
oh my god I thought you were that way
bloomin heck no none of this that that
films like mess let's not watch let's go
talk to the rest of it look at all our
let me cut away and I'll become a cutter
daddy come on come to Daddy
let's put something on now
that's bitumen no song if you like
messed up horror films that's called the
last no not that just go last shift
house nice seeing Marcus and Steffi
obviously they're hardly ever in the
country so this can be known to hang out
with those guys
boy time lapse isn't just a little bit
better than mine
I look and I love watching the TV get it
all oh no
love when it's like 1:00 in the morning
and I'm about to get into bed and then
realized that my braces braces
downstairs I love the fact that they
gradually making my teeth Street huh I
just let me take them out I just take
them out and leave them somewhere forget
okay
