you know all guys so I have just got to
Worthing now I'm meeting Marcus here for
a meeting
yeah I've let you down nothing yesterday
set from played with Caleb or Tina for
last night I went to the 12 o'clock
release little bit nerdy I wasn't going
to get in there I might as well just a
bit fun and then you go taxi to the
station and the other people put our
meeting my vlogs are literally just yet
are you really warm I'm really warm
right now I'm just wearing this but
you've got a t-shirt and frickin sheep
on you and another shoe so this is our
super formal meeting I thought I'd show
you the business room and what do you
calculate in there Marcus 3.14159265 for
that I think very much thank you Marcus
um could we just get the schedule put it
up on the big screen
yes so today we yeah yeah that's the
schedule for today are not meeting the
temperature the room is currently 92 a
businessman walking past hide the camera
where you get your nicki manaj out get
your mom out get your bum out get it out
it's currently like 10:00 to 5:00 and I
still haven't even eaten yet today I'm
like so hungry eh
you and your sheep again yeah all right
I'm not hungry I've already
we're way to ours and then we're going
to go to our peer box and grab the mail
from you guys or it should be nice
excited for that
yeah man super exciting us have been in
like two months I don't care what
father's point let's plug George going
on my own now gosh you wash your hatch
oh it's good luck Thanks
has Santa just come yeah this is Michael
literally and I've got a massive one
there as well or chances and I dunno I
want to open it or now unknown I get so
tired I'm barely actually in my day I
know I'm belying them cuz I'm gonna hire
me as your cameraman
or is that basically right so we're just
gonna head back to my house now and you
know you start you're like right right
so we gotta head back to the house yeah
I'm feeling some luck oh yeah Oh break
it down yeah ah okay we're getting it
back to my house and film us opening the
mail for a video yep there's that formal
enough that on non rap non rappy just
not yet so we picked up here what stuff
up and we're gonna go back to your house
and open it right so we have just got
back to your office and his cats being
going crazy so hopefully some food this
smells so good if you're wondering let
me up some sticks there you go dig in
boy God we eat that fish what we doing
Marcus we are setting up for to film our
pebbles videos she was my child puppet
the camera's not on the yet got a
massive chair between us I would show
you what I look like but more in a
dressing gown no this is good no this is
not look you strutting about we just
finished filming our new videos how do
you think they went
yeah good really funny really funny like
ridiculous I want to tell you guys about
it now but this will be going up before
the video goes up so obviously I can't
be telling you what happens but you know
it's a male video so I hope you're
excited for that because we haven't done
nobody's made it halfway
no we haven't even done one together so
it's good it's good I'm excited
