so again I've started the daily vlog
incredibly late but basically all I've
done today is filming a new main Channel
video and I'm on the train to London and
now with this guy whom this channel
should be Alfie the Marxist blogs mr.
Fox you've been in like all of them but
yes so we just got to our hotel room now
it looks like we're sharing a double bed
this is not a double bed it's too Singh
we got here and then the beds are like
that which is just stupid it's not meant
to be like this there's me did you just
hump the bed it's two separate beds guys
don't worry we're not sharing a bed
they're going they're going to be moved
apart in a minute but today we're off to
tell them more often we are off to see
you Britain's on zip and also me in
great James & Co etc all of them guys
examples there Joe spring is there we
flew here my mum's there mom's not there
we've also flutes we've got VIP for a
hemorrhage so we've got like backstage
passes they're just gonna be really cool
so we're going to go out with them
afterwards in the evening and it's gonna
be fun so we'll take you with us
where you get your fuel gone boy get you
out get it out get it out
I'm being turned on by this naked statue
over here
no no such a freaking tourist
yes so we just want to take him out and
we are off to foreign lands
we've just got to
making a strings in there it's like food
over there
just play with my let's do that now be
good
every time it was really really good
that's what was that
there they were like genuine solid
genuine and just like themselves I
thought the idea idea I didn't expect
them to be stuck up at all but some
people that obviously especially when
it's at their own show night there would
be a bit like a huge yeah wishing us a
lot like say what your channel was
something that she was really getting
out of them and they were just both
really nice guys yeah so often out to
get some food I'm really hungry
is that is that your food noise so we're
just walking along some little bridge
now back to our hotel room did you have
a good night yes I'm literally yeah my
hands are so cold and there's like the
tiniest breeze that's making it even
colder yeah yeah nothing I was hello my
tongue has been more of a future in your
videos then watch yourself then your
face mate imagine if you fell in that
water that'll be like the best blog
everything is so good right so I mean it
you're gonna go because my hands are
freezing and a little Oh holding this
camera tonight I'm just gonna edit a new
video so just like weasely me filming
much so I will see you in two days
