hello guys so it is currently ridicul a
its twenty five to seven in the in the
evening in the evening now I'm from
everything today because I've had a lazy
day I've worked all week literally so so
so much and I've been away so much and
as you guys would have seen the videos
I've been ridiculously busy so I kind of
gave myself
today's the Friday and yesterday
Thursday as a break so I haven't filmed
any daily vlogger such for you so I
thought I'd just do a little one take
video now for you and upload it as this
is technically a daily vlog because it's
the day but it's just not me feeling my
whole day because for the rest of the
day I more or less just been in bed on
my laptop eating relaxing watching
YouTube videos watching TV and stuff
like that so it would have been the most
entertaining day for you guys to watch
well nearly fell over just then I just
ordered a Domino's Pizza which shows how
lazy the day's been I couldn't even be
bothered to go make some food as I said
to you guys I wanted to make some magic
shrimp I wanted to make a pet shrimp
with you and I've got them here and I
was like this is what I'm going to do
today or today I'll make the shrimp with
the guys in the video read the back of
it just a min ago and it says fill the
tank 2/3 ways with room-temperature tap
water that's fine I can do that boil the
seawater crystals and stir until
dissolved leave the sea water to stand
for 24 hours I have to leave the sea
water to stand for 24 hours so my idea
of making them today with you guys and
just put them back kind of fail because
I've got to leave a 24 hour gap and
obviously if I did that it wouldn't be
deadly vlog so now after I film this I'm
going to go and fill it up and then put
the Seaboard crystals in for 24 hours
and then in the next state vlog
hopefully we can make some pitch room
that sounds good I think it's going to
be fun having a pet with you guys we can
have a a joint YouTube / Alfie pet
shrimp and we can name them we can watch
them grow up we can teach them things
them yeah probably not going to do those
things but we can have a pet shrimp
together we can have some shrimp
I thought show you this carpet look all
my this
one of my presents my grandma gave me
for my birthday she oughta pointlessblog
color made for me which is kind of
that's kind of cute isn't it
what else can I show you in my room
somebody drew this of me and gave it to
me the other day in town this is quite
cool somebody drew a massive picture of
me on camera it doesn't really look that
much like me well nearly fell over again
but in person that actually doesn't
really like me so I can amazing drawing
so if you're watching then you made me
that you gave it to me in town the other
day thank you very very much
here's some pictures of me my friend
Charlie as some of you know him Jay
there's a pitcher minchae this is some
pictures of me my friend Lucy and my
friend Ollie don't know why I'm showing
you these but why not I hope that they
don't mind that they're in the video
what else have I done know much I've
just been decently ridiculously busy so
I hope this was okay a little filler
video because I've lit you done nothing
today so this is technically still my
daddy bill because I did nothing in the
day I will see you in two days guys and
we can make some shrimp together and we
can have fun times bye
you
