so just go out taxi now I need to stop
starting these videos earlier I always
taught them really late and I'm sorry I
should show you what I look like when I
first get up and get dressed I'm just
off to London now to go meet Marcus for
a meeting feeling good about this
I'm waiting for Marcus and if I just
bumped into you guys
sup guys Sawyer I see Tom yo Sean says
I'm cool man marks now can just find me
however you that hot now yeah that's
called yeah yeah makes late from eating
especially revenant hasn't been there
for like off now half an hour already so
yeah some women pass out on my train so
that's why that's well good story tell
me that again out showing - they see
someone I don't care like a story yeah
so we just come up on meeting slash
lunch you like it it was very very nice
that so now it's gonna go for a spot of
shopping sorry
oh everyone's literally looking at
in this street like we have mental
problems
I do I meant you dude I just
at home
boy limiting your mouth by the Bible
inside we're about to going to size now
to plasma juice better than we both got
new shoes on anyway yeah this is about
it yeah just get some new shoes
hey science basically never had nice
shoes like literally nowhere in London
so I want to go walk shop and I want to
get a new watch
Marcus is crying because there's a 30
minute walk away
way to go down boy we're getting getting
way out let's play first good game it's
called green screen have you heard of it
so Marcus decided to man up and watch
often so we just jumped a little taxi
now to go to the shop and I'm gonna get
the later train so yes all good go guys
- mom just got the train back home of
Nan with my sister say hello you've
never been on it before and we're off to
go grab some food and then we obviously
Lewis Watson from tonight which is going
to be good we excited TV now here he is
Lewis is giving us two guestlist passes
to skip tonight which really nice events
so it's going to grab some food open
somewhere internet so I cannot vote the
other day vlog and then we're going to
go and see him in a blue or guys racing
some Korean restaurant looks quite
nicely to be a little little spin
outside the venue now so then we're
going to make a card we've got power to
be there that's good that's good you
hungry Richard and blue edit menu is is
all in another language don't you have
to get something chicken something
something I think it's better you'll
sleep the same
on the floor man jump out of airplanes
in the lakes for our for my homie oh god
he startled you
I only came because you asked me to what
if you do burn is mountable these
Scyther flashy is a week but let me ask
you something would you climb to this
was on the trip on the way back one
nurse watching gig which was really
really good news who are amazing Richie
is like so good Optima near people seen
on their site
like you're like what
while each other Lewis reflect genuine
did you enjoy pop oh you're going to say
yeah
yes lots of national s tickets
