good morning good morning come on moanin
boy ah good morning
butch beam someone come we're going to
meet up today to meet all of you lovely
lot they're not make some part for
excited we're running a little late
sorry about that let's go guys already
get on the singing we're running like
real late to this Meetup I've just run
is a lot special now is going um some
food
I haven't eaten so I need need need to
eat at all to get chicken caesar wrap
sounds quite good simple someone needed
just fell over
we're on our way will it choose walking
long I just got some too much message oh
hey your login as well hey your blog it
gon do it for forty meters of viewers on
Lanka a clutch lever we can speak to
them properly for quite a while and just
sit down and chill with them it should
be nice so so I'm just chilling at the
little Abington Park meetup thing
because I feel Q belongs we thought it'd
be easy to make a Q several adventures
at the same time where I bother then us
have like crowds around us and then
something you'll be able to get picture
so we've all a little key or another
Hyun I'll show you everybody
so Emily and Amy about to sing me a song
oh my god yeah we love YouTube we do we
love you Alfie we do we love you Tommy
we do I Louise we love you
I've got to leave now it's relieving
nice day bye guys
we're now back in the car and that was
really good we like warming up loads is
so much nicer to be in the warm freaking
cold
yeah you enjoying being warmed up oh
yeah I'm trying to sell you things for
my friend of my finger I think we're
gonna go from Bell major dad yeah this
goes on outside the car waiting which is
kind of awkward then we're gonna go get
some food now this looks like I'm about
to eat all this sorry is that all your
food yeah these are a few of my
favourite things
green colors one of his own shoes Apple
strudels doorbells and sleigh bells shit
so with noodles II a name I call myself
oh you don't read ah note your father
sir tea a drink with jam and bread that
will bring us back to doe Oh Henry's are
about to film on new videos - got this
Sunday which would have already gone up
by the time this goes up so just show
you a little setup we've got one light
one light so much mass shut up would you
phone everything about so you can film
are you excited so excited in fact I've
been to Disneyland and even then I
wasn't as excited as I am right now guys
so it's kind of like five to two in the
morning me and Louise have literally
just been sat here editing our videos
for tomorrow for Alice on our laptops of
my voice is like dead we're both so
tired but we just nearly finishing the
videos now Zoe I'm not going to put on
camera B she's asleep over there on the
other sofa I will snug it up so sorry we
haven't filmed much this evening but
it's just because we've been working
really hard in these videos and they're
looking good you excited yeah really fun
like you know when you made a video like
yeah yeah that's that's one feeling as
well so hope you did enjoy of what you
saw that happened today I've had a good
day it was crazy
it's a good who's not me never wouldn't
that really nice I was really impressed
at how many people came it was really
nice yes travel me everyone was really
nice it wasn't like running at your
grabs it was really nice yeah so I will
see you in two days guys bye bye
