it's so sudden blog so late guys we're
just walking to Frankie and Benny's now
he's just taking their poor phone calls
oh we're up you don't either guys back
on the phone again
that was nice that was there that was a
nice lunch now we're rushing off I've
got to catch a train but we've got too
much of Russia we're okay now
okay
and
I wish nothing but the best are you
I'm leaving these two now and why are
you saying like that and I'm going to
get the train to London to the other
partners people so good bye guys
say goodbye you're not going to see them
Wester today you can you can take a
night as well good night how can you say
no to our feet I'm going to miss my
train for this
so just jumped off the train and I'm on
my way to get taxi to Google so I can do
my live show there tonight one thing I
don't usually do on my videos is plug
other youtubers or anything like that
because everyone's always like product
placement you're getting painted it but
I'm not this is genuinely me just wanted
so now to check out a guy called Lewis
Watson he's like a singer on YouTube and
I really really like to stuff and listen
until now my headphones and sports new
album it
or a new EP that came out like about
three or four days ago I loved it I
loved his old one as well so if you like
musically like relaxed music go check
out Lewis Watson so asked this taxi
driver Sammy to Tottenham Court Road and
he starts pulling over and I was at well
walked on the road station he goes whole
station that's way about there buddy
okay take them take me just drop it to
the complete wrong place in that that's
absolutely fine mix I I need a jaw
streets taken to the station dealer away
I did a skip to the station and you
decided that you didn't want to take me
to the station and show me where you
wanted to take me so now I have to walk
Thanks
I finally just got into Google
headquarters building change go to floor
three get given one of these little
flash little pastors with your name we
were going to do in the first place I
was going to tell you how we're going to
do this so I'll quickly tell you now put
your help and we are live at the brakes
bolt we're shut up definitely eat your
teammate don't show me those weird go
into you so shut up
like Alex the record that you're going
to be attempting as you get is the
fastest time to eat three cream crackers
so we're just chilling back trading like
that right now
yeah we're not right now on the GW r ng
second we're just chill me but remember
they're becoming their edge over there
all you ever their games over there
people enjoy a young team average smash
team Alfie have got to kneel down with
regular ill oh hey yeah this looks over
we should finish all night right now
well you got a world record you've got
the first time eating donut with no
hands
good job rejoin it on the absolute
shuttle yes I'm
so we're just walking to our hotel now
we're going to the pub to the park to
the so let you just go into our hotel I
was inna form quite liking it unlike
another the mirror situation sort to
nice little beds let's check out the
bathroom
oh it's intrigued by yeah that's nice
I'm happy with that so as marks this
idea for me not to bring my jacket which
is he said which is going to be there in
a couple of minutes now we're standing
here I can't find a taxi and I haven't
got a jack in him he's standing there in
a hoodie in a jumper even we finally got
a taxi after it wasn't now going away
and I've ever seen
yeah they can see us that's how good the
lightness where you really just below oh
yeah alright so I go in the taxi until I
do like a headstand kind of thing and
then Marcus but L don't even know is
doing John punching the balls all of
that so I kicked his glasses off of his
head and kicked him in the nose back
soon
yeah we're going to swag it's nice
enough you push I feel like I'm
underdressed yeah I'm massively
like really
he's off my person my name thank you
finally our food is gone but it looks
good this can slip away so delaying
frickin we get out yeah this is
we finally finish a meal now would you
let you be nice and we're just heading
the halls I don't know where you to
where you go and you go home I'm going
home I'm tired you need to I get you
back so I've just got out of the taxi
now and I opt to me everybody else who
went to another pub with Phoenix bar or
something like that
because JJ and Canon decided to get some
burgers from that restaurant which was
actually really nice to set people up
the way even though now I have no clue
I'm going and I'm just walking down some
random load in London random road in
London to try and find everybody else
which I hope it's going to be successful
because I don't know where I'm going
them guys idiots they just dropping me
the wrong address
so I just went to some random bar where
they won I rang them told them to meet
me outside nobody came outside they were
our women we're Outsiders like no I'm
outside they're like you're not where
are you now name some bar like that's
the wrong one sorry even gave you the
wrong address so I've got to getting
another taxi now to go to the right
place
me marketer just left the bar do you
have a good time out of your time
although my throat yeah I don't know I
don't know something they put glass in
our drinks
my throat is not you yeah Avenue with me
but like a techie or something oh it was
gates not okay you know trapillo yeah
and then you can just snuggle pillow we
just get a taxi back now to our hotel
what we can trust or forget some food
first cuz we're really hungry you hungry
I call it lip see you on this camera
laughter OH
there any nuns going I know I literally
look like I probably could you just walk
through the streets we just come back
we've got McDonald's and we're back in
our hotel room ox was taking off his
shoes we've had like the longest day
ever but it's been good if you enjoyed
today yeah sure good yeah I was really a
van on that good and you've got sick on
your face from all those girls that are
kissing you all those guys know one of
the directors literally looks much the
lipstick across our face but just got it
out and she was really drunk but yeah
I'm gonna eat my McDonald's and go to
sleep now so thanks for watching today
guys
and I'll see you in two days bye bye bye
you
