I just got up I'm fully dressed and
everything I'm ready to go home so my
cat is just here I haven't shown you my
cat yet this is my cat Todd turd hello
no that's my cat Todd or toddler yeah so
today I'm off to London until Sunday
it's currently Wednesday and yeah I had
to pack a lot of stuff so I put the
stuff ready on my bed to go this is
where I'm stuck I get all my stuff on
the bed and I've got there I'm going to
take this t-shirt this t-shirt these
shoes all of this and then I realize
that I don't have about big enough so
this is what I kind of got packed I've
got like all my wallet all of that my
keys little GoPro shoes extra there's so
many pairs of clothes I don't know what
I want to wear wires wash bag lap
topples of that some propio like holder
thing but I know I know he's not going
to fit in so I'm kind of dough not to do
I'm gonna have to cram it in and I will
get back to you when I'm in the taxi on
the way to the train station
now another thing that you come to
realize when you watch these videos is
that I'm rubbish with timing now the
time at the moment is 17 minutes past
12:00 I've got to be in London at half
past 1 dynamic Luoma train is like at
all at all at all just gonna hope it
soon hope that I can get there on time I
just wanna hope woman and she was really
like frail and walk very slow and
they're just so cute I don't know no I
do not want to sit near the toilet I'm
gonna carry moving now I don't know what
it is
old people are just really cute and I
want to take an old pattern out for a
nice cup of tea and a hug so I managed
to get on the train and it has like
seven minutes I have to leave which
means when I didn't even have to check
the drain times so I'm leaving about
three minutes time and I might just make
it I might make it on time and not be
late for once
now one thing I got access with when I
was in America was burritos anaconda get
in here
so in London Toria can get burritos this
London I like a lot more strange station
I just got a beef burrito and a bowl of
alternative thing is with me trafficking
loads
isn't that I eat out so much not
necessarily bad food I don't believe me
now in takeaways I don't often eat it
like but Donald's or Starbucks that I do
is come back together like with Donald
occasions for that right it's a lot of
new quality boot I don't know if that's
good or bad
everybody spend most my money on food to
be honest and clothes many food but I'm
just off now to me Zoe Louise finally in
the toilet jumping one more tube and
then I will be there to meet them
finally I'm really tired
so it's just from the tube on the way to
meet you sorry Louise and somebody
prompted three insects have a picture I
just first I signaled if I can have a
picture say it
yes I realize I thought I know I know
who that is
yeah but I thought I had your own
Facebook and I realize I do have more
things I like just yeah ah thank you
welcome to London yeah look who I'm
about to meet them don't go home don't
go from 17 yeah they know that is a
matter of pity I've got to be the most
challenging
thank you oh my god
utter silence just silence why tonight
was not feeling it she's sleeping I just
met you
here from the horse's mouth as opposed
to just me because I can tell you about
what's going to sales I can tell you
about so we've just left the meeting
thing we did and I feel like it was all
right wasn't it I was like the child
yeah it was really really comfy place
because like a cinema but like luxury
yeah it might something like an open bar
so when those left reacts like serving
us imagine going to the cinema in a
cloud with really nice lighting and
drinks that's what it was that is when
the cinnamon powder the clouds always on
the fender Marcus take in like 16 years
and we're trying to decide what I'm
gonna do now we've now been standing
here for how long about 45 minutes so is
still taking so long
hello we're in a taxi I've taken over
the vlogs
you have stolen it stolen it and now
we're going home so we're back at Euston
train station I'm just walking my little
pet gremlin I've not abandoned her
you haven't abandoned how you doing good
your vision Pam
genuinely worried about them - sometimes
I don't know why I'm with them they're
pretty wait lookers oh you know
I
I'm live at the moment was only Louise
I've just done Zoe's hair let me see let
me show them I did your hair so I triple
black today and then plaited those three
that looks sick
they put em up for you three say hi guys
in this young people I honestly don't
have a clue what they're doing yeah
literally
Roy impersonating or being or do we just
snug in the problem wow that was odd
model in dominant feature yeah we've had
a long day I may do a talk thank you for
watching today do you mind not coughing
are a million Pauly you should be
looking after us um fine thanks and yeah
I'll see you in two days thanks fortune
you
