right guys now have really blogged much
this morning fact I haven't really
looked anything at all do I start
Nam let you get up or do I start once
marking dressed like I am at the moment
as you'll get to know I'm not a morning
person fact I'm not worn investment all
like I let you know cup in the mornings
until really late I don't get dressed
till really late I just laze around for
ages eating and watching stuff on my
laptop and things like that so and
finally about to go out the house I'm
about to go to town with one of my
friends charlie he's downstairs so let's
go to town together although you guys
probably know who this is this is
Charlie people because they live you got
them you haven't even got your legs
I like the cross leg pose and you didn't
even listen oh my God look at this guy
behind me look at this guy behind me
he's sticking his walking stick up in
the air he's taking his organs to go in
here
let's see lies we've been in one shot so
far which is where Charlie Charlie
Charlie
I just wanted to get hellebore and they
didn't have it early
let's go for that Starbucks or let's go
to top man let's go trying some up some
60s clothes what we want today I need
some L'Oreal Paris and my
let's go bitch I don't if you guys can
hear but if you listen well to viewers
over there watching us
so just what Nando's now I'm just
ordering our food I've sorted
you have another yeah I haven't ordered
another too much now it's too much to
decide do you want to eat a lot but you
don't I don't really do want to do it
just probably others billion is that we
need so much you feel any better you
guys have a network and Stewart yeah
as I said I was come to navigate you
just up there ordination sure I will
introduce you to him in a minute
I hope Hartigan's ice chips
my spice what MIT what sauce do you have
on Anders chef edge the heart of extra
heart I go for medium because we've got
manly like medium I don't think is hot
but it's just not generally less Cooper
there's your table or Charlie let's open
it your chicken or sir so snacks at 11
and 9 verbs I think we do have John
about the only judge tip at that my
tongue moves genuinely quite burning and
I only have medium bad links to this we
finally know I don't want it that's
awesome
follow my eye that was tasty yeah it's
good and really never let's taste it
alright so we are gonna go do some
shopping
ya know what do we can do go home and
sleep it's just gonna go him Steve I
want to go do some shopping but I do
feel kind of pregnant we're going to go
together
I think do you wanna join us no I'm all
good then so I'm gonna go shopping no
guys are just mocked in two years in
town so I thought I'd you can same what
that you can say anything you want
tonight actually firm fashion so I was
going to say some accessories though we
say yeah no everything a nice what last
night I drove my hat needs go on a bit
burns it to at the area really let us
know in the comments up 10 by little
pose and then they can they can say from
a scale of 1-10 how hot they think we
look I don't know how or something oh my
good eye three lip bite a 6-1
they'll go charli's too cheap to go to a
gym so he just does this when he goes
shopping so glad some people just go up
and said hello to me so I thought I'd
let them say hello to you guys just
trying on some hats we quite like them
like this let us know what you think but
so I put it on properly like if you're
gonna buy like that I think it suits you
I'm not I'm gonna don't know
I don't need it does is hair Charlie's
whip on Jamie
there are done
you know cloud so I just got back from
town now and in fact the boys have been
to the shop since I got back I went to
shop with my grandma and got some orange
and some apple juice because I like
findin a produce I am I would like to
feel me today I really liked it it's
called filming everything I do I like
you guys seeing what I get up to during
the day I also bought this new hat today
I don't know if I like yeah I'm not
really a hat person in fact I never ever
ever wear hats I got given pet you grow
magic shrimp growing get where I can
grow some magic shrimp so I want us to
guys together mean you watching this
video in another vlog coming up soon on
this channel to grow some shrimp
together and every other day I can show
you how they're getting on and we can
have a little pet together does that
sound good if that sounds good I want
you to be commenting below magic shrimp
has a really normal thing to do Alfie
have some pet shrimp
oh yeah anyway I really enjoyed making
this video and I'm excited to make them
or every other day so make sure you're
subscribed off above because I'm
uploading videos of my life every single
other day on this channel this is
exciting I like it and I will see you in
two days time
