hi guys so there is something that I
wanted to do on this channel for a very
very long time and I've never come about
to doing it because I've been scared and
I've been nervous and I didn't know what
you guys would think but I've decided
I'm gonna do it
I hit 50,000 subscribers in this channel
yesterday and I think it's time that I
start uploading daily videos but they're
not going to be dailies in every single
day but in fact I'm gonna be uploading
daily vlogs every other day on this
YouTube channel which is that's scary I
don't know it's scary the fact that you
guys never see my two on the day to day
basis so I thought why not let you guys
into my life and show you and so you can
watch what I do every other day so
basically I'm gonna film myself every
other day of my life from now I don't
know how long I'm gonna do it for I'm
not going to specify it could only be a
short while it may be a long ball
depends if you guys are enjoying it and
if I'm enjoying doing it myself because
obviously I want you guys to enjoy
watching them and yeah also as you can
see that picture of me there in the
background a viewer would do that for me
and gave it to me in town the other day
which is really awesome that's really
nice of her I really like it so thank
you for watching but um I'm just going
to be uploading videos of segments I'm
going to fill myself every other day of
what I'm doing on that day chop it all
up and put it into a video and upload it
on this channel so make sure you're
subscribed to see the videos like this
video if you think it's a good idea guys
I'm kind of nervous but I think I'm
excited I'm excited for you guys to meet
my friends meet my family just see what
I do on then every day kind of thing
because you guys don't get to see that
so it's going to be interesting what you
guys think I hope I entertain you and
yeah we excited the first video is going
to start properly not tomorrow but the
next day and I'll be uploading every
single upper down this channel so make
sure you are subscribe so you can watch
them all and I hope you enjoy them I'm
really excited I'm nervous I'll see you
in two days guys
