hi guys this is my second channel which
I don't upload as often as I should and
I'm sorry and I'm gonna really really
try and start uploading on here more
often for you guys but anyways today I
thought I'd tell you about a competition
I'm involved in I thought would be fun
to enter us as in me and you watching
this video into a little competition
called king of the web basically all you
have to do is go down to the link in the
description and vote for me ten times
every single day for the next ten days
it's as simple as that all you have to
do is click a button say both ten times
you do have to log in with your Facebook
but I'm logged in on the site with my
face but you can trust it doesn't post
your facebook wall or add any friends or
do anything like that I promise you so
please just go down below click the link
and vote for me ten times every single
day I would be very very happy and it
would help me out a lot so please do
that and in return I will upload lots
and lots of videos in the second channel
hopefully thank you
