it is one of those days where it's just
impossible to get up everybody like it
is so hot in here but if I open the
window over there this is my ventilation
system or something outside for the
restaurant below and is literally like
all night so I can't open the window
I've currently got 21 minutes to get to
a restaurant to meet Steve and Alexia
for breakfast then 21 minutes why did
you do this yourself Alfie why I've just
been sitting on my phone for the last
like hour in bed and I leave myself no
time to get ready but I'm still not
gonna be late I'm still confident I'm
gonna be on time I think I've got about
six minutes to get there yup
did that mess up the hair no it did it
exactly five minutes till I need to be
at the restaurant
oh you mean straight into a taxi that is
what I'm talking about
hey are you doing okay okay sorry about
that
thank you ma'am sorry about that may or
may not have just got in a taxi and he
missed the right turning by accident so
that he couldn't drive the route to get
me to where I needed to go I don't know
if that makes sense or not the London is
like sober them in one way isn't
complicated that often if you miss your
turning it's a big it's a big effort to
get back to where you need to go so he
was like look mate I'm gonna drop you as
close to possibly can and then you can
have to walk like the last 100 meters
which is nothing I don't mind that
series I don't worry about the payment I
think it was going to be something like
forty p on top of the what it starts at
this is Rome going for breakfast
Balthazar 10:30 on the dot and I'm
outside the breakfast place
I'm texting Steve now and they're still
12 minutes away and they're already four
minutes late this place closes at 11
o'clock for breakfast guys Steve
shopping here we go see we should be
letting him try this on because as soon
as he likes it we're about to leave the
shop and Steve just whoa we were waiting
outside being Alexia and Steve we
couldn't be like where is Steve come
back in he's just looking again just
stood there didn't we go outside we left
the store he loves this jackass let's go
put it on the tail I don't want that one
bro Steve wants me to buy something
because he won't buy it without me
buying something
I'm telling oh I'm telling you you can
rob that at least try it on try it on
and I'll film you into it it's like this
is so much more money than your life it
is oh yeah that would look good on me
look like believe me I'll go down to the
beach inviting everyone think I'm going
to save that like life guard joke amiibo
yeah also outfit a spotter front
we didn't end up getting the jackets we
left them they were too expensive we
tried to haggle a deal and he didn't
work out um yeah I did really like it I
like that so it was cool to the both
gonna get it but it wasn't it was too
much too much money they were nice they
were nicer than what I thought they were
gonna be definitely Alexis jumped in the
uber to go back home Steve's crying cuz
it's raining we should have bought those
jackets now how happy your white shoes
in the rain so I want to make learning
carny editing yesterday's vlog my
stubble looks horrendous Steve what are
you saying to a place around the corner
and I know yeah shave nicely they do it
for you so Steve wants us to show
completely off so then my face should be
less hairy than my bum cheeks look at
look at my stubble yo oh I'm glad I can
go this back that's the good there yeah
what about this bit right yeah blankie
yeah well you see that doesn't it
hate it boy let's go baby face I'm 29 I
thought you did a 4 stop that I'm 39 and
it should all match up now yeah because
I need this line like taken up and it
all like nicely graduated man they're
good in there as well I've never ever
had to show you I can win with obviously
doing that both God baby face Hanoi to
achieve a fat baby yes oh boy I haven't
been baby face for like 3 years now this
is gonna sound crazy it literally was 2
days ago I looked to the mirror and I
was not proper having a thing like good
often when I go to the toilet I just got
my phone yeah anything the other day I
was like in the mirror not on my phone
and I was like that's one
my therapist has told me I'm not allowed
on my phone in the bathroom that says
Maureen headspace but this is gonna
sound crazy to you and probably to you
you as well
I only realize that I've got stubble the
other day that two days ago as in like
when I was growing up on what it's like
stubble so bad yeah I never thought I
was gonna be one of those wives that
always have stubble like when I hang out
with like Heineman out with Joe and I
hang out with Casper and I see like
pictures Harry Styles and Justin Bieber
I don't think they don't have stubble I
mean I don't ever think I've got I
didn't I don't think I'm one of those
guys that has doubled but I do
does that make sense I don't know that's
crazy I actually kind of agree but when
you hang out with friends you don't have
beard do you ever think they don't have
beard
that's just like normal this is just my
face it's true even now you say no I'm
like well I'm never probably gonna wet
shave no very very even when I got
married I had stubble oh it because
stubble is just that is your face your
face isn't like you don't ever do it
without like I don't know what I would
look like without stubble because I know
they like my face like myself without
stuff but you don't know that when was
the last time probably on a serious
night I think maybe ten years ago let's
do it today no let's do it because I
will just like a big fat head but then
you might be you might like how do you
not like having see I do but I might not
like you never know not for me right
yeah we're gonna do it today no no I'm
gonna give him a sneaky little tip I'm
gonna give him a twenty pound on the
side to shave off the oh sorry mate
beforehand we thought you wanted it gone
but for me also because with this hair
yeah I can't shave yeah you can I'm
holding on to my I cloak this is your
hair go his long long hair look at it
it's really good Eddie you've got a
longer beard that um hair miss Karen it
in the blog this probably really random
to you guys but they're basically as I
just said was editing yesterday's video
and I'm just like my stubble looks awful
I need to go trim it
go and have a shave now in the early in
b.c was like no we're gonna go to a
barber's we're actually doing that we
poaches uploaded videos and Steve's
regretting not buying that coat earlier
I know you should have done it you
should have done it they could be
completely busy sad times
Steve's happy to buy her D because he's
getting so cold of we're way I like that
yeah we like that a lot yeah good fit as
well so I've ended up dropping Missouri
more than I have myself and her q no
tisha they're like Steve's currently
trying to buy t-shirt that he's already
wearing that he doesn't want to take is
having to take it off hey how's it going
just got off the phone to Joe who's been
down at the pop up this evening which is
good because we're trying to make sure
that there's as I said to you earlier on
at least one of us every single day
going along and we're just looking now
to pop out for dinner Steve and I
unfortunately Joe can't come he's got
another meeting yes to go to to go to
bone daddy's knowing our luck from the
barbers there's probably no availability
yeah it's good one just looks cool in
here amazing thank you this is a cute
little name
Niva I thought it should be a little
little bowl of rice that's literally
like a main course it's like sweet corn
mushrooms Karen oh yeah that's hot
yeah amazing so you just finished up now
is that dinner was delicious which one's
the best one
the red velvet Shirley what's this
banana why just banana banana cake is
that banoffee oh my life
can I get one red velvet oh my gosh this
one looks amazing what's this one
yeah what's this one here with just the
white on
okay let's go one of these ones for me
do you want banoffee one banoffee for
him and then can I get for the best
flavors of the small ones
whichever ones you think oh here you go
man
are we actually doing this man yeah
apparently we're German in this rickshaw
was this called a rickshaw rickshaw one
good book attack are you faster you get
it good driver
who's wait wait we need to see who's
gonna be better okay how about this yeah
yeah yeah again so how about we get how
about we get one each and we have a race
that's the yeah we both have the
chocolate cash boiler change grunts
higher yeah yeah we want to race do I
need a seatbelt wait don't you worry
putting my seatbelt awesome of course
you can yeah let's do that racy you
ready very combo you got this you got
this man I believe in you boy I got my
seat that odd well you got a jock
no no you went the wrong way
Oh changing lanes up in here oh yeah
this is it just on the left
perfect hey Ivy you Steve saying he won
because he gave his guy the 10-pound
cash quicker but that was part of the
race we beat you to the door you to the
door of the Airbnb but we kind of got
done over because now we have to walk
back that's why I jumped back in do like
our no yeah it's cuz it's all one way oh
you see you catch by the light what was
that we've got done by to go for a red
light and the Machine flashed us taking
pictures obviously there's coming around
I was looking around seeing who that was
yeah I read it was ass it's 20 minutes
past 11:00 Steve's persuading me to do
handstands going you've got that we've
been planning videos for the last couple
of hours go and try and hold that for 11
minutes let's say you can hold it the
longest
yeah I was like so close to the uniform
law way let's grab this bottle of wine
open coming in boys hit boys yeah hit me
in the biz
but we got to go to him the month the
Muscadet joining the cadets yeah if I
drink that they're being bill probably
charge me like 500 pounds I need to pack
up all my stuff oh one of you guys at a
pop-up shop gave me this the other day
that's Zoey hear me in the middle and
then Joe was laughing because she bought
Joe a little teddy bear so thank you so
much for ever gave me this
let's I guess the YouTuber okay how many
partners will have to guess who they are
there you go there we go it's a Steve
and I order in ubers back home because
it is so late that my missed all the
trains I've just got my car it is four
minutes away
mine's not know believe I've ordered the
cheapest Ruby you can get new but X oh
my god Ford Galaxie what do you got it
would say these oh my gawd eh six bridge
like pick some people up on the way I've
got people carrying guys how did I luck
out with an Audi a6 on the cheapest you
can get that looks quite a nice braised
and life in there I've got wood you are
the game up on the screen basically the
question is have your blood sucked by a
vampire vampire not a vampire value
panel here I am paid as on big which one
and then once we press it on Tommy now
vampire for sure we find out the
percentage of other people are about 100
percent people why would you want to
have your brain into my zombie yeah
that's dope what so I can imagine me
there zombie that'd be sick well in a
moment I don't even know you is over now
I'd like to fight zombies right I'd like
a would you be a lot of stuff this one
would you rather be a zombie or a
vampire vampire vampire bar then you
justice or people's blood stay alive
yeah but I just like it deer or
something like that
no ask me human does that I don't know
I'm a big time this is good okay this is
it would you rather be barefoot for the
rest of your life wear Crocs for the
rest of your life never I know you with
this bro everyone parks you have a time
one yeah how comfortable they are
yeah that's only hospitable I'm getting
across
my life you guys just did a new sneakers
I picked I hope it's like crop not fit
oh yeah we crop I don't live on the
beach I think I've time away - how many
my how da six is ringing me hello
our perfect thank you I'll just be done
in two minutes
so you're saying therefore your sin
barefoot 100% I'll drop of the Crocs
yeah
corks are comfy and then you don't get
my cut up feet from walking on the road
see my design you wouldn't even be a
lock hole to kind of a collab with Crocs
and design my own range possibly even in
the air Crocs then because you and
oomiya laudner restaurant no shoes on
their feet you might just live on the
beach 57% of people would rather be
better for the rest of their life this
is really an adverse way for Crocs would
you rather be rich or be famous rich but
much I'll be richer nonsense
yeah like but unfortunately they come
together really don't they I mean it
depends who you've entered you're just
like a savage businesswoman or
businessman or something and no he says
you are you just own a company and then
you have load of money but then you're
still famous within your own right
though because people will know who you
are like if you're the head of like one
of the biggest companies in the world
they know those Politis back sectors
still know who you are okay just like
comfortably rich not like we're not
talking like a billionaire we just talk
about it all wasn't it a multi-million
and doesn't really like that's a lot of
complication yeah and with that rich
definite 78% yeah that's very easier
said Bastille them surprised 22% people
would rather be famous than they would
rich it's a bit of an oxymoron though
isn't it because by owning famous you
probably can become rich yeah hang out a
blue bear or hang out a blue balloon
yeah
if I ask look how many votes eight
hundred thousand votes
I have Whittle caught well my car's not
as fast as yours so because I got the
audio 600 Steve's guy can't sword got
the ID 86 with the same price
have a good one happened to be so weary
because I don't know which which of all
of our security settings that Zoey set
in the house I don't know she's put it
on like full sleep mode basically
there's different settings to eat up at
the house so that every time we go to
sleep if anything bigger than a fly
moves in the house the police get called
straightaway all the lights in the
entire house and the garden everywhere
turns on and stuff like that I'm just a
bit I mean it would have happened by now
so it's not on veut she obviously she
knew that I was coming back I'm gonna
end the vlog here I hope you enjoyed the
tough to embrace I hope you enjoyed
following me about in London I hope you
enjoyed me and Steve just messin about
if you did give the video a thumbs up
guys let's see how much love we can get
from the LBW team people get confused
said huffy
what is this LBW team you speak about
the lvw peeps LBW squad if you know you
know but the other day I was trying to
think of a name for you guys that like
the videos before you watch every single
day and it's as simple as that that's
how I came up with a lbw squad lbw team
like before watching so if you do that
thank you
it means so much to me go down below
give the video a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already follow me on Twitter
for your needs follow me on Facebook
anything else why should plug
merchandise link down below thank you
for watching I will catch you in the
morning I'm back in Brighton for the day
tomorrow I'm hanging out with Zoe Marcus
and Steffi and catch it
