so I just started off this video trying
to hold my camera like I usually do on
this second channel but due to me
getting a new lens and the camera
weighing about ten bajillion zillion
stone that's not really possible so I've
had to put it on my tripod however that
doesn't mean that these videos are going
to be all cut up and put together like
my main channel videos because I can't
really be bothered to do that for this
channel this channel is more of just a
little relaxed channel that I can do
more easily more often like as I'm
trying to overload two or three times a
week
and today I'm gonna be talking magnet
impacts because in my previous video I
asked you not my previous one the one
before I asked you to comment on videos
suggestions and obviously one of the
most popular ones being the Olympics due
to the Olympics being on I thought today
I'd talk about the Olympics I haven't
really got into the Olympics that much
really at the moment I I don't know why
I thought I'd get really into the
Olympics and I thought I'd be like yes
I'm gonna watch every single sport I'm
gonna watch all of that I'm gonna keep
along and track it and see where Great
Britain are doing and all of that stuff
but I haven't really been doing that I
went to see the Olympics the other day
in fact I don't see the basketball and I
saw a Great Britain play and it was
amazing that atmosphere was amazing and
all of it I just really enjoyed it it
wasn't just the fact of the actual
basketball
it was everything it was like I said the
atmosphere it was seeing the stadiums
seeing the like grounds and everything
like that it was amazing interesting
everybody come together and certainly
different people from different places
all over the world coming to support
their country and stuff like that so
that was really cool and I really
enjoyed that but what I wanted to ask
him the point of this video today was
one because you asked me to talk about
the Olympics but also because I wanted
to know what your favourite sport is now
personally my favourite sport is
gymnastics and I know you're gonna be
like oh my god that's such a girly sport
Alfie but it's not it's not really if we
saw if you saw it on TV and you've been
watching it and you can see how
incredibly talented the people are and I
in fact did competitive gymnastics for
the six years and a one like gold medal
and stuff like that for place where I
live called Sussex which is quite cool
but yeah so my favourite sport is
gymnastics and I just wanted to know
what is your favourite sport also just
another little thing before the video
ends i am gonna mention this in a main
channel video but i thought i'd say now
just so you Laurel people can get
early I'm going to be at summer in the
city 2012 which is a YouTube gathering
that lost for three days in London if
you want to come and meet me Marcus and
jacksgap loads and loads of youtubers
trust me they're going to be so many
there and it's indoor venue then you can
check down below in the description
there's going to be link to a Facebook
page faith for pace a Facebook page and
you can go there and check out all the
information and coming on that sounds
good I think that sounds good bye
