hello basically I just wanted to say hi
guys sorry that I don't really use this
channel that often I'm gonna try stop
loading more now and that is why I'm
making this video I have finished
college
finally all done finished so now seven
days a week I am free to make youtube
videos and do whatever I want so I
thought it's probably good to use if I
start using this channel now I don't
really know what videos I want to make
on this channel or something that's less
effort than making them on my main
channel otherwise I may as well put them
on my my main channel so basically guys
if you could just now right now so
what's next comment down below with one
or two video suggestions that you'd like
to see me do on this channel I will try
and start making videos that you guys
want to see more which is going to be
nice for you I suppose I'll try and do
maybe two maybe three videos a week on
this channel so if you're not already
subscribed subscribe up above and leave
some video suggestions yeah that's
really it thank you
