hello guys so this video may not be for
everybody so if you don't live near
fairly that fairly near Brighton or
available this Saturday feel free to
click away from the video now because
it's probably not for you anyways I just
like to tell you the shop in Brighton
have asked me to celebrate the Jubilee
with them uh supposed to cut a ribbon or
like open the store for them on the
Saturday the 2nd of June up and coming
the 2nd of June this Saturday so if
you're free in Brighton it's gonna be
from 9:00 in the morning till 12 o'clock
lunchtime so I'm only gonna be there for
three hours they've closed apart the
store for me so you guys can all come in
they've got like a security outside and
the door so it won't be like hectic and
it will be managed fine because
obviously it's normal shopping day as
well so basically I'm gonna be there
from 9 o'clock in the morning until 12
o'clock lunch time at the store so if
you guys wonder like the best chance to
meet me I would probably say be there
like 8:30 in the morning or 8:45 you
know I put this on my Twitter and I know
a lot of you are coming early like 8:30
to wait outside to be able to come and
meet me first thing and relax and chill
with me kind of thing if you know what I
mean um so yeah basically I'd so let's
sell more people so if you are free this
Saturday in and you can get frightened
then please come see me I'll be in the
shop Republic which is inside Church of
square it's like if you go to Brighton
station it's like 5 minute walk from
there to Churchill Square and then it's
in the shopping center downstairs in the
main middle bit downstairs its shopping
center and I will be opening up the
doors and everything at 9 o'clock in the
morning and I'll be there til trouble
lunchtime so basically come and say
hello I hope I will see lots of you
there it's going to be really good it
would just be a fun day and we've got
part of the shop to ourselves so it's
like a organised inside little meet up
with just me simply only come and meet
me I will see you on Saturday between
9:00 and 12:00 it'd be nice if for lots
of you comment straight away in the
morning 9 o'clock for when I open the
thing
so yeah that's all really I will write
it clear up down below in the
description in case I just rumbled on a
load of rubbish needing quite understand
what
I was saying but yeah I will see you on
the Saturday I'm excited
hope you're excited I need to press
ended - I can't wave without pressing it
first here we go
