good morning guys good morning Hanigan
to it yup just put my shoes on I need to
get my butt out of this hell being me
and get some breakfast alright let's get
going let's get going oh wait drive the
keys just check I've actually got the
right keys now I haven't bought a jumper
with me but you're done if there's some
bad thing is it cold
so a state an air B&B last night and I
jumped in a car here at about 8 9 p.m.
so it's pretty dark and actually have no
idea where I am I can just popped out
now I know I'm near comic God and all I
know is that I want a coffee and some
breakfast
dude did
I have an idea where I'm walking how you
doing how you guys doing have you having
a lovely day whatever you're up to I
love being in London at the moment back
in 2013 when I lived here with Casper I
found it so intense not living with
Casper just the living in London part
things because as you can hear now
London is so noisy London is so busy
does he realize that I'm trying to block
here I'm just gonna throw this out there
I'm gonna tag and drive Carlo the chair
you and Sarah were meant to meet me this
morning for breakfast at 9 a.m. in
Shoreditch a text number 8:30 I text
them a half past 8 saying guys I need to
leave now
where shall I meet you I'm just checking
so I'm a hundred percent right on this
no one replied until quarter to ten and
that was Sarah we meant to be meeting at
nine o'clock and she said that the other
two were still asleep
so we didn't end up like breakfast they
were all still asleep which meant that I
am now in breakfast at five minutes to
twelve well this job just got my
breakfast however I've actually got a
lunch meeting today at half past twelve
so I've eaten this now and then I've got
to eat again in half an hour
awesome thank you so much nice to meet
you ma'am
have a good day thanks so much here we
go into my lunch meeting even though
I've only just had my breakfast never
let me do this again I just had a coffee
before eating and now I'm like my hands
feel sweaty just from the coffee is that
normal
finally finished all of the meetings for
today sucks that I didn't manage to get
a vlog up today which was yesterday for
you so I'm sorry about that guys the
shop has been crazy like literally
insane of you guys also know that I'm
trying to hire more people at the moment
they expand team pointlessblog which is
taken up tons of my time as well but
nevertheless all the meters are done and
dusted for today and I've I've just
booked a table or like a darts board I
suppose at flight club which is working
the other day in the vlog
this one's insured it just a lot bigger
and I'm just waiting to meet Jay and
Sarah and two of their friends and we're
all going out we're going to get some
food get some drinks and play some darts
I need a drink so bad I need some food
so bad as well they're already 45
minutes late I had to go inside and get
myself a drink there take him so long
chase just texted me a picture of him
and Sarah sitting on the bus saying
we've got one more stop and then a ten
minute walk literally already ten
minutes late why they like hey they're
finally here
are you ready for the south a lovely
angle in Sara hits a 20 she wins
just the black bet yeah no Jay you're up
food Steiner I've been looks so good
how happy oh my one gaze on one point
after light four rounds at this game
everyone have Gila oh my gosh don't do
it man don't do it
no oh no yes no I look at service corps
that is insane then it's yeah here seven
then a bull's-eye oh okay
that is 7
jiae's liar this will buy a new
scoreboard and everybody have funds at
first then sazzle then big then will and
then change but at least you got two
bronzes though least you got two
brothers
these guys have flown over from
Amsterdam to come to the pop-up let go
the phone case box I get the bag the
keyring the hoodie oh my gosh
you got everything I love it
thank you see you later
what is going on here you enjoying that
Jay yeah I feel that we need those
little balls with fishing trophy oh yeah
I've done that before
oh my gosh it tickled so bad like crazy
chase having a little cheeky manicure so
what are you doing is there yeah did it
hurt also look at Sarah's plants this
blonde soft man
peace lily yeah oh yeah I have
absolutely no idea how it's this late
it's ten minutes past two ten minutes
past 2:00 in the morning man just or
didn't even know
hi there this is filthy
as you saw I got back super late last
night I ended up getting here I like
3:30 in the morning and I couldn't end
the vlog because in the room next door
was staying in a two-bit place at the
moment so a nice in here in this room a
couple of nights we've only got I do we
got it tonight and in this room here let
me give you a quick little tour so as
you come through the front door here
we've got the world's biggest kitchen
you're not even ready
it's literally tiny it's cool though
it's all you need in London then you
come through here we've got the front
room it comes with this guy as well free
bit annoying he comes cheaper but you
got this room here which is really
really cool bathroom in here the
standard in now I'm not going to show
you but it's literally just a double bed
in there that's where my PA is stayin
she's not in there now she's at the
pop-up shop but that's where she's
sleeping and then in here is off
basically the point of me showing that
showing you that is there this room here
my PA was fast asleep when I got home
and there ended this vlog and I would
have been ending the Robin here going
goodnight guys think boy I would have
woken up it was like 3:30 in the morning
Minogue about last night so I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did give it a
thumbs up I will catch you tomorrow
subscribe if you're not already
it is something crazy I tell you guys
this all the time but it is true it's
something like 65 percent of the people
that watch these videos are not actually
subscribed so go down below subscribe
I'll catch you tomorrow and yeah I'll
see you in the morning
good night guys
