why did I not look this up she was get
the name very strong nervous should we
go for some happy x6 large happy eggs is
on sir yeah our tutorial on how to make
some Halloween cookies don't forget
you've got the right stuff
hopefully they'll work out and you'll
see a good soil this this is the amount
of effort and time goes into our videos
and struggling if I stand up with my
most Jonathas in it fight for new layer
what's up guys so today since it is a
nearly Halloween I thought why not make
a Halloween related video and also
thought 1 do a tutorial so I thought
today I'm going to teach you how much I
please
all right ter what's up guys so today I
thought why not cookies since that's a
how-to and also it's a Halloween late
again what's up guys as it's nearly
Halloween I thought today I'll teach you
how to make some Halloween related
Halloween related with these Halloween
cookies
what's up guys so today since it's
nearly had a bird and a ghost we should
have got something that's what they're
doing very much just all my mum was in
oh god I'll and the guy loan market so
are you little mulling over that I
reckon that is perfect
do you not think yeah that's right
that's done
oh I see beated that now would never get
sugar hot now so yeah because it says
don't beat though
yeah just staring shorting things Jesus
know you'd use that look so nice so
yummy
that sound should we do the stock fast
teaspoon yourself
just a teeny something maybe you sure
I'll speak Nepali Oh
