guys so this video I just wanted to say
sorry for me not uploading as much
recently this is weird building in the
mirror but I could be more going at my
tripod from upstairs but basically I'm
sorry for not uploading as much recently
and I do mean it
I've been trying to upload and I've been
trying to make videos but planning
videos is really hard and I've been
doing a lot of videos with other
youtubers which were taking up a lot of
time been looking at universities been
doing a lot of college work and
everything's just getting building up
and getting really really busy in my
life so basically I'm going to be trying
to get back on track really really soon
and this video I just wanted to ask some
challenge ideas because when I don't
have a blog idea and ideas vlogging are
actually really hard to think of
something interesting that people are
going to enjoy and you enjoy obviously
it's got to be something that I enjoy
and I want to talk about Paul so that
you guys are going to enjoy listening
and what can we talk about and that's
quite hard to think of so I wanted that
back up so basically can you give me
some challenge ideas for when and maybe
don't have a topic to talk about I don't
have something really interesting that I
can tell you guys in a video but I can
still make the video so basically can I
have some challenge ideas can you leave
me below some comments or some challenge
ideas and therefore if I don't have a
vlogging idea those upload a challenge
which you guys seem to like just as much
and therefore I can upload I don't even
know if I've been able to you've been
able to see me in this Shore not because
I'm doing in the mirror strangely like
this I don't even know if the Mike's
gonna work the my point over there but
I've thought as well I'll show you my
cat since he's laying down here
but yeah so that will be more video soon
don't worry about that you don't need to
keep on emailing me and treating me and
personal messaging me and comments on my
videos I get the idea I haven't been
uploading I know that myself but I'll
try and I'll get back on track soon so
again leave loads of comments for or you
can lead as many as you want
leave multiple if you want a challenge
suggestions and I will try and do some
of those as well as blogging really
often again
