hey what's up guys my name is Charlie
you are in quite a spoke TV we're doing
the bean boozled challenge and Alfie
hopefully let's go right basically we
have got I got set these in my beer box
as you know if you saw my main channel
video and these aren't be Musil which is
jelly beans got two of each right to
color and ones nice play button one is a
problem paper and I said that I would
get some my friends to try them I mean
you've got some of my friends yeah one
friend you and you've seen do the story
laces so then why not get him to do nice
one of these and see if he fails like at
the strawberry laces so one of these
random you know that no I'm gonna take
it myself
alright you can shake it yourself shake
it - I pick it out and then I'll color
it could be yes what color is that that
is it that is going that's even going to
be a juicy pear or booger or booger a
booger
oh and annihilate all that so I was
doing right yeah
all rights go you cause without you said
to you enough guide you
I don't know if that's supposed to be
good or not is it good all right that's
nasty
well that's nasty that's not right is it
not my treat
why have I done this why do we do this
you better go now
it's got Jerry more all right I didn't
the other day and I got with my mom and
I think my mom do it with me and what
did I get the other day I got baby watch
something I know I'm not actually doing
this I've got that's rotten egg
no definitely not is it or is that no
it's not yeah I'm white yes that's green
that's not this is that's not yellow why
not pick another one
that's not yellow white come on yelling
now do you know what just in case you
wanted to make cookies ever pick another
one that's the same colors you want
again what is this brownie
Oh vomit or peach oh I mean oh dang I am
let's go don't go chug it
definitely no my girl definitely got
pointlessblog wedding out I did it Bobby
one last time on camera I'm not doing
another vomit one where's it's in your
hand if you give me a shout-out
no no that's minimum now now you can do
a number one have you got her pee you
get a shower if you don't know what fine
there you go you can hear what have a
link in the description for you guys
also subscribe to there you go it might
be really nice then you don't deserve a
link but you will get one with that
moldy cheese or caramel corn I'm just
gonna down it examine I know I don't
know you can't destroy the aperture gone
choo-choo-choo Oh British out you'll get
nicked if you give it
guys this is bad if I ate it you get a
link down there there's a link to his
channel right up we carry it on holiday
you have to subscribe guys that's man
that's bad is it moldy cheese right I
think I was a subscriptions you know
yeah he's got 1,100 summit subscribers
so his hands obviously worth subscribing
to you guys go check out link in
description thanks for watching the bean
boozled challenge and I'll speak to you
soon
and maybe another food challenge for
this guy I hate you goodbye that was so
gnarly
oh dude
