yeah guys how you did haven't made a
video on this channel in ages it feels
like it's been like three weeks I feel
like I haven't treated you well I
haven't uploaded in ages from this
channel when I made it I wanted to
upload loads I wanted to try and upload
about two or three times a week on this
because it's belittle videos that I
don't put a lot of input and I can just
upload and I don't care what people
think of them it's just something to do
and hope you guys enjoy them as they're
gonna be little random weird videos but
at first yeah it worked then I kind of
stopped uploading it now as I said three
weeks haven't made a video so I was just
one if you guys have got any suggestions
from videos that you would like to see
on this channel because make them as
small as you can as random as you can
I'm honestly not bothered it's just
going to be the width little thing
that's maybe filmed on this camera maybe
phone to my 550 daily with a better
camera doesn't really matter just random
videos so I don't know what's for this
channel I'm gonna start trying to upload
random er morph to little videos on here
but I was just wondering since I haven't
uploaded in ages on it what do you guys
want to see what do you want to see on
this second channel what kind of videos
so leave a comment down below telling me
and I'll get back to you and I'll start
making those videos as soon as I can
