what's up guys so last night on Twitter
somebody tweaked to move the hashtag you
know you're an alpha and win and just to
say it and our fan is something that I
did make up some of you guys made up
saying a fan of Alfie is in me and
you're a fan of me I don't really call
you fans to call you viewers but anyways
that's what people have started calling
themselves and it's quite funny some
using so I'm the phone just went off but
yes somebody tweet me with a hatchet or
saying you know you're an alpha and when
and I've always quite funny Murray
tweeted it and they said something
normal like you know you're a now fan
when you watch everything one of those
videos and obviously I found that funny
so i retweeted it and that somebody else
tweet to move the hashtag as well and
then somebody else for you to move it
and I tweeted to say okay guys everyone
try and use this and then we can see
what's going to happen try and get it
trending now I've only got 1,300
followers on Twitter so obviously I very
much doubt that would actually happen
because you need between two and ten
thousand people to tweet with that thing
be able to get to actually trending but
last night when I went to bed it
actually got trending it trended on
Twitter so I want to say thank you so
much everybody that was spamming those
tweets away sorry for your feed because
I was retweeted like 200 of them or
something stupid in the evening so if
you're not follow me on twitter my
twitter is twitter.com slash
pointlessblog TV I got trending last
night which is absolutely crazy
and yeah I try to say thank you for
tweeting and I'll speak to you all soon
which is we've got trending guys
