alright guys so we have got what they
called story laces bought practice or
laces director he bought them and
randomly said to me can you tie in your
mouth without obviously using your hands
in your mouth and I don't know I've
never tried it before
we haven't tried it support by organized
it of course we fast when he did it
before and have people do have cherry
stems things like that which is probably
a lot harder but we're going to try with
each thing you'll do it no well let's
try going you can go I'll let you go
first
you already eaten one at the moment this
is a bad move the concentration
I wish that were timeless why do people
reign when everyone film that anyway so
to try and tie not because I'm not
cheating we should do a primer and do
again we just had a phone call you're
gonna put that all in yeah boy I did we
can watch their back these guys have
seen I didn't either
I won't call you definitely did it when
you're in the phone what you and also on
the phone there was no cut they to see
me that in there though no best of three
I win I can't I saw a shoelace in my
mouth that's not even an achievement
isn't or vigor is
