what's up guys now ages ago on blogtv
and tinychat and different websites I
that I agreed if I reach the stepping
stone at the mark of ten thousands of
survivors ever there not by thing called
a P o box which is opposed to the DES
which means you guys can send me stuff
and it doesn't go to my actual house
because then that means you'd have to
know where I live which I don't
particularly want but it goes for a
different address and I can click the
post so as you may know I've hit 10,000
subscribers now so yesterday I went out
and bought a pair box from in town which
means you guys can send me stuff you can
send me anything you want if it's like
chocolate from different countries
drawings letters I don't know whatever
it is literally anything and I'll
receive it I'll open them up in a video
and make the all mail videos and see
what you guys have sent me which would
be quite cool looking forward to that
and yeah so obviously you don't have to
send me anything I'm not expecting you
to send me anything it's just that a lot
of you asked for the like for me to get
one so I went and bought one which is
quite cool if you want to sell me stuff
all the details will be down below
description now you'll be able to see
everything and then you should write
that on the front of the letter or
whatever you're sending and they'll
collect it and open up in a video which
would be awesome
