so guys now today I got asked quite a
weird twist I don't think I've ever been
asked this question before not
necessarily despite YouTube people but
I've never been asked this question
before ever and the question of the most
thumbs up topic was what position do you
sleeping now this is pretty weird it's
quite creepy I don't particularly sleep
in a position I'm laying on my bed now I
don't exactly I don't know I like I move
around quite a lot in the night people
say so I don't think there's a
particular position I just wait until I
get comfortable and fall asleep I
suppose I'm also going to say comment
below what position you sleep in but
isn't really I don't think as stated
positions that people sleep in a falling
asleep standing up once our friends
house a party that was quite weird but
um started I can't blow the randomest
thing you want to comment and leave
those topics for tomorrow and I'll talk
about one of those tomorrow
