the other guys no I know I said that
I'll do video as much possible in your
husband as much as possible because I've
been away of my family sir for I haven't
had the opportunity of the chance to
upload as much as I hoped I would been
able to but then the time I get back on
track now and today I got asked to talk
about gingerbread now this wasn't
anything specific this was just
gingerbread and before you make a gay
joke before what I'm about to say no if
knowing any go away at all I just like
to say that gingerbread men tastes a lot
better and more appealing than just
circular gingerbread biscuit so don't if
you find that as well and I've never
seen gingerbread woman I don't know if
there's even such thing so if there's
not are any of you Baker's can you make
me a gingerbread woman that would be
awesome and I would buy loads off of you
this is just going on now basically have
you ever seen a gingerbread woman in the
shop and also comment lows a random
stuff and I'll answer one of those
questions tomorrow
