good morning Missy hey yeah haha
should we jump up she'll get answers and
work hard today it is Saturday morning
it's 7:00 a.m. I literally got like
three hours maybe three and a half hours
sleep last night and I'm here super
early to get work out and we've got a
fun day planned it's a big day today I
need to stop talking and start working
out because I am cold and until I start
moving I'm not gonna warm up
I'm talking you singing in the shower
got my morning coffee it's time to sit
down and chat with vo because this
morning we've got mum coming over dad
coming over Sean coming over papi was
meant to be one minute let me just get
the tripod off for this camera so I can
pop you down so we've got all of my
family coming over today except from
poppy who if you've seen her Twitter
unfortunately the other day had to go to
the hospital that I don't want to worry
you
she's all good she's just like chilling
out in bed at the moment she's had like
a virus or something
unfortunately pop we can't make it today
sure ones still come in mum still come
in fuzzy boy is still covered it's about
that I just had buzz before my dad and
my dad's come in because today we're
celebrating a little bit early
technically it is Monday but we're not
all free on Monday to be able to get
together and have brunch so we're doing
it today
and today is a very special brunch
because on Monday is Wheldon atella de
World Nutella Day like can you get an
even better that day was created by
Nutella fans for Nutella fans World
Nutella Day so Nutella got in touch with
me probably about a couple of months ago
now and they said Alfie we would love to
work on a video together based around
World Nutella Day and I was like that is
the goal let's do it so they've sent me
some jars of Nutella
they've even sent me a nautilus eat
actually like well then send it to me
they gave it to me the other day in
London
I just went normally to London to go
meet up with another team to chat
through my video ideas and how I think
the videos gonna go and at the end of
that meeting they said oh we've got a
present for you we've we've got you're
not telecare now when you're in London
and you've got the train to London you
get given a chair you don't really know
how to get it home so I ended up
carrying this not tell a chair on the
train with me but even better than that
is that the train was so busy that there
was no seating around like there wasn't
there was nothing left it was a full
packed out train it was like peak time
so I ended up using the chair
on the train as mercy like it literally
became handy instantly so on a side note
Nutella if you're watching this thanks
from my chair on the train that was help
I've also got at home you kindly using
it as my piano chair I just wanna say
thank you because it meant that I am I
didn't have to stand up on the train on
the way home anyways that's another
point of this video also there's a
little competition now tell us sent me
three jock wait let me go and get them
let me show you one of them says weld
one of them says Nutella and one of them
says day and instead of me keeping them
I thought it just mean us to just send
them to me see why you barking I thought
I just send them to one of you guys
obviously do not consume all three
please share it with family friends
because there was a lot of Nutella right
here let even Allah wants it Missy you
can't eat that it's not for doggies if
you want to win the jars then just tweet
or Instagram with the hashtag World
Nutella Day and I'll be going through
and I'll pick somebody on Tuesday
I'll pick somebody on Tuesday morning I
suppose I should now show you what we've
been doing all morning or so like Zoey
shall I wait for you to show them what
we've done you sure I guess looks pretty
Zoey did anything that was simple I did
I'm just going to be honest and throw it
out there what do you think of all of
this so over here we'll start off we've
got blueberry and Nutella muffins sorry
what sorry what blueberry and Nutella
muffins freshly made this morning these
are obviously made by Zoey if they were
made by me they would not look that
delicious we've got baby scones filled
with Nutella Zoey bake them by filled
them myself
and then down here we've got some fruit
because over here we've got a CREP
machine and we're going to be doing some
Nutella and fruit crepes but on the
skewers I don't know where the skewers
are that here so we're going to make a
crap slice it up stick it on skewers and
have it like crept fruit crept through
crept through here we're making Nutella
french toast so we're doing that little
star shapes as you'll see cut out french
toast made in here and then we're going
to put in that tell on them with two
layers we've got a nice loaf of bread
and we're going to just be doing little
pieces of toast with Nutella spread you
know are you so jealous he is so jealous
of all of our breakfasts can we talk
about how cool it is that I eat Nutella
all the time and so does OE and now
we'll it should get to work with them on
a video that is cool that is cool
oh also the seat that I'm sitting on I
was bad policing piano so he's currently
getting ready again at the shower
everyone else arrives in like nine
minutes nine minutes apparently I feel
like this is almost like a birthday or
something as you know from the vlogs if
you've been watching whenever it's
somebody's birthday my family we all get
together we all have a delicious
breakfast or dinner and there's like
balloons and confetti and massive cake
like we really really go hard on
celebrating birthdays I feel like this
is exactly like that for one night Ella
day rather than a birthday oh wait wait
I was going to show you the seat was
nice let's lit you got like a padded top
and every day I had this with me on the
train I was hit just sitting on the
train like this
hello
we've been to the gym you guys into the
gym you guys are looking ripped and
working out up in this morning oh okay
and then if I told you guys the other
day mum went to go to the gym we have
this like same kind of thing outside the
house with the gym key in it I promise
you I'm exactly for Mom I promise I
wasn't in the house so I couldn't open
it you know later on that day I got I
just it's an all good love but I put the
code did and the key open normally and I
got the gym gate mom drove over here the
other day to use the gym yeah feel it
it's like padded so funny knowledge
going crazy look at her she thinks
buzzes here somewhere whoa buzz isn't
here because obviously Poppy's not well
she's at mom and dad's with buzz she
yeah buzzer looking off to poppy she
won't let him showing them out he's
staying here for the copy the barista
calls
I'm expecting some latte I'm expecting a
dragon a dragon paint a little coffee
latte art disks I want to say at least a
leaf it stars a lot make sure you get
that star press I should I used to when
I was younger mom Gemma and I had telly
tubby mum when i telly tubby toast
we had like a cutter that was like telly
tubby shape
we used to make this kind of thing when
we used to go camping didn't we mom mom
when we went camping didn't we used to
make toasts like this then why is your
saying is if you're lying
we as dad say we didn't yeah this is
eggy bread but if not right now this is
what we used to make time to make the
crepes quickly quickly get it round okay
guys it's just not perfectly circular
but it doesn't matter
yeah in a minute I need to put a 400
these what the pressure after you
insulting mine okay blaming the toes
that's one boy that's massive that is
the most circular one I've ever seen
there is one issue of making food that
looks so delicious everyone takes so
many pictures that we
we had to wait so long to eat it because
everyone's just taking instance could
you like alright let's eat let's go for
a little play this morning oh my gosh
that's incredible look no dad you can't
do that ha ha no that's got blueberries
in a chili bar look at the pipe in did
you think
is it good bad thing I'll try
just remembered that I bought that game
you know the other day when we were
shopping for the little cottage
oh I just got dripped right on the nose
when we shopping for the cottage bits I
bought this game and it's not like a
board game but it's like I don't know
you're safe
I bought a new game for us to play I
don't know if it's going to be good or
not
it's called King pong I don't know if
it's for like four-year-olds there's not
much kind of game
it's a four player game though said I
can't bleh you have to bounce your no
not like that you have to bounce the
ball so it either goes into this hole at
the side or in the top it will then come
out of two random onesies okay if it
comes out it and it's yours in your side
that's fine if not you take the money
back and it's the first one to get all
five of their balls in their compartment
is the winner oh this is Sixers like a
race wait wait can we start I get mum
you got mums oh it is straight into the
hole
there are some cheating going on some
cheating going on guys mum and dad are
heading off and I've just seen a little
box of food disappearing is this for Dad
more food or is it for poppy one of
everything in it
I think Nala wants it more than poppy
look at her and it doesn't eaten in the
car we've just realized that we haven't
shown in Sean because my vlog hasn't
gone up yet which obviously shows all of
the new office that's going up yesterday
for you tonight for me for sure and
hasn't seen it yet have you been there
like physically you've been there to see
physically saw it when it was thinking
of still people moving out yeah yeah but
it wasn't like work haven't started on
no nothing okay Zoe's got some clips
from their camera from what she filmed
yesterday I think I see what you filmed
that's a door there that's love that's
the meeting room door
that's a lovely meeting room door for
don't say so myself the meeting room
what's like that so with the meeting
room meeting no but those two isn't
there so there's a wall that's going in
the middle other than the wall you can
like slide so you can even have one big
meeting room or two so we can have like
we can push the tables together and do
like dinners dinner party that's right
basketball man oh sorry
big TV going on that wall I say per
basketball hoops another basketball game
if this was just my office then yeah
that would be very this is a serious one
is not born stupid activities education
all the time thinks I'm just distracted
yeah bro you're not allowed in there
seriously though look at the studio
studio space oh wow
proper studio for photoshoots emergency
we can make it so you can just use
studio very cool can I come and take my
Deepak photos in there no if you want to
pay a fee Shawn's guarantee got a quote
on Deepak that he's trying to sell so
what's your Deepak name Shawn I think
it's not just Shawn neoc Yello
Shawn Shawn stuff Shawn stuff I want to
go by Shawn's coat that you sell and
it's never been worn it's brand-new and
it's super II misspelled my bio
information what buy you one or have you
got one go oh yeah show everyone what
you've just bought though is just
purchased are you got Center one of you
guys sent it to Zoe also love the office
by the way yes super excited to come
around and play basketball in the office
there's no basketball I don't know if
this is then if this is cool or if it's
so uncool six different little trays to
store the parts of the Apostles
so basically cuz I've now finished my
Christmas puzzle I'm actually missing
doing a puzzle even I have no time right
now I definitely do not miss you in a
puzzle I'm gonna you didn't do the
puzzle you that's true that's what I
don't miss it but I like you
I'll pick you up do we not have any to
pick from what about this one here the
one piece puzzle shall I give it away
the video yeah someone else needs this
in the world
Sean sell this on your Deepak Brian show
that on your Deepak and give the money
to charity we should put it on surety
vault and give it to charity right
yeah but it's Shawn stuff not sure I
mean that's not really in sync with the
other stuff that I've got on Maddy pop
you know supreme hi mr. bad action stuff
yeah sen st you sign it this is good
what we should do is we should buy like
a supreme something and like cut it out
and stick it on the back yeah we should
go on oh it's kind of creepy it's
currently like 1 a.m. 1 a 4:00 a.m. in
the morning I've just got back now from
seeing the ksi Joella boxing match it
was absolutely crazy I was sitting with
JJ hi JJ sought me out tickets for me
and Sean we were literally front row it
was the most intense thing I've ever
like I've never been to a boxing match
before and atmosphere the vibe like yeah
it was crazy as I said to you I teamed
up with Nutella on this video to
celebrate World Nutella Day which is on
Monday I'm super excited to see what you
guys get up to obviously we gave you
some recipe ideas and things that we
thought would be good but I know how
creative you guys are so please tweet me
with the hashtag well Nutella day with
your pictures with your videos with your
images whatever of what you get up to on
the day I'm like genuinely gonna go
through reply to return I'm super
interested whether it's on instagram tag
me or on Twitter the day itself is all
just about sharing your love and share
moment so invite your family over invite
your grandma over get your dog or don't
they Connie yen you know to let get your
friends over and have a super fun day
and that's about it I'll catch you
tomorrow guys I hope you enjoyed the
video if you did subscribe give it a
thumbs up do with the nice stuff see you
tomorrow guys good night
