good money guys given money Hayden I'm
currently in the office back in Brighton
and just steaming mighty chef - then you
know trying to get out those creases
you're probably sitting there wondering
why the heck is my steamer in the office
and not in my house and that is because
we've been sorting out all of the new
merch you guys know by now the collab
merch whilst we're shooting all the
pictures and everything know that for
social media
we wanted the clothes to look perfect no
creases in them so we bought this
steamer here
I think it was like 50 quid but it is so
good like so good even whilst I've been
in London at the pop-up shop one of the
most popular things people asked me in
person at the shop was am i whilst being
in London still doing my morning
backflips
which of course I was like I God
possibly still be doing them how can I
like unless I did them on the bed or
something
so we're kicking off today 100% with a
couple of morning backflips maybe even a
little cheeky one legged one legged law
all right we have zero food in our
fridge literally not even any breakfast
we have no milk so I'm gonna jump in the
car go grab a coffee and go grab some
breakfast before I go I should show you
the update on the gym if you've watched
the vlogs recently you'll know that
we're getting this all turned into let's
got like a new shutter and everything
turned into a gym its proper coming
together now the ceilings all been like
proper raised up high it's all getting
plaster boarded at the moment and
insulated getting all new windows put in
or the floors being redone it feels so
much bigger so much more spacious
now the ceilings will been taken out and
also because the new shutter comes down
and up rather than the older one like
that and went inside so the older one
took up tons of space inside the actual
garage
oh my I've literally don't think I've
ever been in a car that's this hot get
that aircon on
coffee I have to say that is definitely
one of my favorite spots and I suppose
it's home brighton brighton and hove
it's all one city edgy there's a few of
them it's called the flower pot bakery
if you ever around Wow well that's just
so did that badly literally soaked
everything including my camera and that
my friends is why you don't vlog and
fill up a watering can at the same time
it's when we were having other work on
the house done
we bought a load of trees which sounds
crazy but we basically got trees planted
all around the garden and all around the
front and stuff and this tree up here
isn't looking too good at the moment so
I want to give it give it some water
we've got all this like irrigation
system set up and if you can see down
there and it basically waters all our
plants in the garden for us every
morning but it doesn't look like this
trees get a much water
kill mommy drink that up it is such a
lovely day today I just spent the last
like hour in that coffee shop just
chatting away to the to the three people
of the work behind the counter there was
a girl from Australia a girl from New
Zealand and I'm not really sure I'm not
really sure where the third girl was
from we were just chatting away about
YouTube without traveling about
photography videography about the pop-up
shop yeah don't know it's cool I like
just chatting people that don't have a
clue like none of the people there
really really know what I do about this
vlogging thing none of them really knew
too much about how many people watch
these videos it was just deny it was
just cool chatting to people because
often in life I meet so many people who
have like a and then in the best way to
describe it but they already know who I
am I suppose whereas the people in the
coffee shop just chat away
there's no no it's just so much more
chilled obviously I did also eat food I
bought you a sausage roll I'm pretty
sure I've logged my lunch
Marcus was quick enough to reply to an
Instagram a couple of my food which was
a big old sandwich to kindly remind me
that there was a lot of carbs in my
lunch
so Marcus if you're watching thank you
very much
you just wait matey boy you went into
that gym is finished and they're gonna
have some competition for the best
six-pack I'm coming for you man I'm
coming I need to sit down and edit the
block or no I've got a double vlog today
because I didn't upload yesterday so I
got edit a double vlog two days into one
if you didn't see yesterday's video I'm
about to edit it now it's two days into
one so it's gonna be pretty good go
check it out it may look like I
literally haven't moved in the last like
three hours but I have I promise you I
have I just haven't vlogged it I've been
editing the vlog uploading the vlog
hanging out with Zoe and now I'm
currently back in the same seat as I was
in the last clip it's 8 o'clock and I'm
currently texting Steve Booker
seeing what he's up to tonight for the
boxing match there's a big old boxing
match like the biggest boxing match
tonight at 5:00 a.m. and I'm just
messaging to see whether he wants to
come here or whether I should go to his
or I think he's watching it with four
friends says I can stay is off after it
if I want I don't know how long you've
been following the vlogs but if you've
been following for like a year or more
you will know that I only learnt to
drive lost Jan you would know that's
quite a long way that's nine as eighteen
months ago but one thing that I don't
know a woman edge got a text if you do
know or not is Steve's texting me saying
the motorways a nice man zoe does all in
the long drive in in our household with
our cars whenever we're gonna long
journey she gets quite travel sick being
in the passenger seat or in the bat so
zoe normally does in fact so he does do
all of our long drive in so i have only
in fact been on a motorway once and that
was over a year ago so today I'm driving
up more or less to London to go and hang
out with Steve and stuff and I'm about
to drive a motorway got like an hour and
20 minute drive I'm super excited to
just now there's get the motorways on
lock and yeah this was gonna be sick I'm
here I've arrived
I made it all good the drive was perfect
I'm gonna ring Steve and tell him that I
don't know where I am and I don't know
if I can come yo how's it going bro this
Drive man I've no idea where I am
yeah like completely lost Jake and ran
outside how you did there he is
my breakers on and he's got my jacket
hot yours to be honest
hey that was nice that was nice
now he needs another spinner stocking up
on on the chocolate and the crisps and
everything
Steve's had the coffee he's awake he's
saying quit man
bring them within fire he said it says
Mayweather hearts isn't area I'm saying
Mayweather within three
good morning guys good morning how ya
doin
I am back I drove back this morning all
the way from just outside of London just
deep blocking my genes two and a half
hours sleep last night and look at me
look out energetic I look out wake I am
it's time for one thing and one thing
only
the morning back blip good yeah it's
good morning yeah I went to bed at half
past seven last night I stayed up a
drove up at 11:30 last night up to well
just outside of London to watch the
boxing with a load of friends and it was
sick it was so so good the only thing
that wasn't so good was getting to bed
at 7:30 a.m. I went to bed at the same
time that Zoe woke up this morning but
surprisingly I actually feel pretty good
it's half past one lunch time it's a big
day for my family today so on Friday I'm
sure he won't mind me saying lost you
guys will see in the blogs and stuff
your mat breath now on Friday it was my
dad's loss everyday for the rest of his
life working he retired I think he's
like I'm gonna say 55 Yoshi's birthday
in a couple of days actually on the 1st
of September but yeah my dad's retired
so as my mum my mum retire like a year
or so ago but my dad's also retired now
so my parents are like free whenever
that's crazy so today we're going for
like a big he doesn't know a big
surprise celebratory lunch at his
favorite restaurant in brightened down
on the beach for a Sunday roast which is
going to be gonna be nice we've gotten
cards we've got a present it's gonna be
a fun day the only thing that isn't so
fun is that it is half-past one as you
know literally just like driven straight
here I got back here like 20 minutes ago
and just got changed and stuff
I haven't had Alice edit my vlog ya have
to be there to fifteen so we need to
leave any second now
and then probably not gonna get back
before five o'clock dead at the block so
I don't know don't know when I'm gonna
get a chance to edit an upload but it's
a big day for the family so so that
comes first
said nurse in that
that ice is crazy there's like jelly
thank you so much that is the best in
glasses oh and I've got a shared roast
for to look at all of this just for
edible that is what I'm talking about
Sunday roast thank you look at that No
get off of that
as you still viewing the nuts then one
person as we're playing a game for the
bill we've got all of our cards and
we're going to let the person pick one
card and they have to pay for the whole
bill so if you just pick one of the
cards we've over our cards in whoever's
card you pick has to pay finished up
lunch
sorry I'm not vlogging too much let
actual chat to the camera today
honestly like I could fall asleep any
second you seen the new gates look at
the new door a Missy we can see buzzy
boy look at the ceiling guys so we'll
get him raised higher and everything
hello Doug is a May dad's opening
celebratory retiring present celebratory
no not celebrate what's the word then
celebratory celebrate all playing that
game what's it called Zoey scroll this
is the last one you're gonna help me
NOLA
you're gonna help me lollipop lady how
did you not
lollipop lollipop lady with four legs
glad you retired man he's got four legs
though hasn't it it has got four like
this boy leg so I drew four legs mum
just ignored it and just put a lollipop
load I didn't even realize she's got
four legs send two lollipop man ah
that's quite close morning so who went
from centre to four legged that's not a
man at all is this a horse Bobby's dead
water in your mouth and Dale are you
ready you ready three two one not in the
house
she might stop filming now but do it
properly don't just like all of it Alfie
more okay good
you need more what's your try not to
laugh it's just looking I'll see ya I
don't even think I got laughs do it
properly right back to back come on
Carly filming on my work phone my camera
died and also my phone died some kind of
human on my work phone what do you mean
because it's the lowest quality it's not
even as good quality as my
