you have the guys now today's topic
isn't necessarily the most thumbs up in
fact I don't think you had anything up
it was just the plane comment by itself
we've no thumbs up but the comment treed
me and I thought that I would answer
that question and the question was what
one thing in life would you like to do
purely to prove to yourself that you can
now are thinking about this not thinking
that people are gonna say things like
running the marathon or climbing this or
winning this race and stuff like that
but with me I don't think it would be
that I think it'd be something like get
a career in a job that I wanted to do
something that I'm going to enjoy in
life something that two more enjoy
enjoying my career but then just do
something for the sake of doing it and
it will get me by so comment below what
one thing in life you want to do purely
for yourself because you can and leave
lots topics for tomorrow and arts and
I'll answer lower and I'll answer one of
those tomorrow
