what's up guys is v28 today and for a
change the most thumbs up question
hasn't been something weird but in fact
it's been a normal question and today's
question is if you could have any
superpower what would it be and why and
I was thinking about this thinking
people going to be saying things like
being able to fly and being invisible
which of those do it absolutely be
incredible but then I thought
transforming would be even better
because you could almost be invisible by
turning it into something ordinary
people wouldn't notice that you're their
boss so you could fly if you transformed
into a bat or something so I would be
able to transform if I could choose a
superpower but the second half the
question says also could you think of a
superpower name and that's what I'm
going to leave up to you guys to do
today think of me a superfan name for me
and comment it down below and leave lots
comments for tomorrow and I'll answer
one of those tomorrow
