you are the guys now I thought though
when I said comment topics below I
wasn't the strict new to any kinds of
topics and I didn't mean to but somehow
you lot have had the idea that I
literally mean only topics to do of six
girlfriends breaking up with girlfriends
dating viewers kissing and stuff like
that which I really don't and I don't
particularly want to answer a lot of
questions like that because it's boring
for the people that aren't interested in
that and it limits the topics that I'm
going to talk about so I'm not going to
ask the topics like that I'm gonna
answer things like today's question
which is if you could take one item we'd
be everywhere what would it be now I
think this is just genuinely a good
question and my item that I take ever it
would be my camera just because then I
could film and record everything and
have it to playback for whenever I want
in life and I can enjoy the good moments
and laugh at the funny moments again so
leave loads of topics for tomorrow try
not to have them all about sex and
girlfriends and stuff like that because
it's a bit boring for people that aren't
interested in stuff like that and I'll
speak to you tomorrow
