you have the guys I've been at work all
day so that's probably why I look and
sound like I'm half asleep but anyways
today's question with over 60 likes was
can you sing for us but unfortunately
I'm not one to sing I'm not very good at
singing and I don't particularly want to
be trolled by the Internet get a million
dislikes by people that aren't actually
more viewers and just there to hate on
me singing that I'm afraid I'm not gonna
sing for you today but instead I thought
I'd answer the second most thumbs up
question which is would you rather lose
all your old memories and never be a
would you rather lose all your old
memories or never be able to make new
ones and why and because I'm only 17
although it's a hard question I thought
I'd rather be able to make new ones and
lose you're my old ones just because I
hope to be able to live for more than
seventeen years longer which therefore
means I'll be making more memories than
what I've lost but I want to know your
opinions what would you rather do lose
all your memories or be able to make new
ones and also leave loads of topics and
questions for tomorrow and ah laughs one
of those tomorrow
