you know the guys if it's like I've been
doing Vida quite a while now but it's
not it's only the fifth day which means
I've uploaded four times already but it
feels like I've done quite a few bad
weights yesterday's comment or topic was
to talk about if the world is going to
end tomorrow what three things would you
do before you would die
now I'll sort of think of three things
but that's kind of hard so I narrowed it
down to two which may seem hard if I
just thought would be easier I couldn't
really think of a third one and it would
probably be to do something crazy that I
would never normally have the guts to do
something mad I don't know what
something weird like robbed a store or
like really big item or go bungee
jumping or something like that and the
second thing would be to spend my last
day with my family and friends since
that's probably the best thing I could
think to do before I die
but since couldn't come up with a third
one what would you guys do just one
thing if tomorrow was going to be the
last day of the world and remember to
comment loads of questions but tomorrow
and loads of topics and I'll do one of
those tomorrow
