yeah the guy's not today's topic is what
would you do if you're a woman for the
day now this comment is self got 47
likes which was more than the actual
video so I felt I have to answer this
now obviously I don't really classify
myself as a man since from the 18 so I'm
going to tweak and change a little bit
to what would you do if you're a girl
for the day now since there's that kind
of question you Coralie accept her not a
little bit pervy answer and I would
probably go to like a lingerie shop and
transfer my underwear and look at smart
women in their underwear that kind of
thing but obviously I want to know what
you guys would do if you were the
opposite sex or a day as well so leave
me a comment down below leave me loads
of topics for tomorrow and I'll ask one
of those tomorrow
