what something guys this August the
first which means that Veda vlog every
day in August now I myself I'm going to
be trying to do this on my second
channel I might not be able to do every
single day which obvious I'm going to
try and do just because I'm going away
for a week and I'm also going to some in
the city for three days so could be
little bit hard so my videos are going
to be under a minute long every single
video and the topics are going to be
chosen by you guys so I want you to back
comment down below today now so in
topics that you want me to talk about
tomorrow I'll choose one of those and
talk about it's more in for under a
minute and all gonna be in one take like
this video is now just made chillin and
vlog in while chillin so what mounts the
comments down below now and tomorrow
I'll talk about one of those comments
and then you comment down below tomorrow
and I'll talk about one of those
comments the day after this is for a
month and I'll see you tomorrow
