good morning guys good morning are you
doing currently walking through London
forget how much I love this place
because I just don't ever come up often
and whenever I do come up to London I'm
always just like jumping from meeting to
meeting to meeting like I never get time
to just walk around whenever I do
reminds me how much I do actually love
being here so the shop is already opened
up this morning and things are looking
sick like so so good I was a little bit
worried about how things were going to
go after day one because obviously day
one is like the day we were the big or
the hype all the excitement like that's
the first day and I try to tell you guys
and loads of the vlogs and stuff like
that over the last couple of weeks that
it wasn't all that day one that it is
open for the next 12 days and you
certainly listen to me like it is so so
busy it's busier today down there then
it was yesterday put it that way it is
so much more controlled though after
yesterday we had like a big regroup last
night and planned everything and the
best ways to get the system queue in and
I've been sent videos from the team who
are down there I've seen so many of you
guys tweeting the pictures and stuff it
is looking savage thank you just got
myself a load of new socks successful
little time pop in popping out to get a
coffee grabbing a couple of pairs of
socks and I even managed to grab a pair
of new black jeans because the jeans
that I wear more or less every single
day I have two pairs of black jeans at
the moment I have these ones and I have
ones that are dirty at home but at any
vision if you can see properly in the
camera they're not very black they're
not I don't if you can see basically I
bought two new pairs of black jeans
really quickly but I've just heard some
good news from security that at 5
o'clock I want to see tonight I can pop
down to the pop-up shop like not all
three of us just one of us yesterday
when we were over there as I said things
were like this close to going too crazy
that it the shop would have had to be
like closed down so we have to leave us
life for security otherwise you guys
would have been like queuing in the road
and suffer and that we don't want it to
be not safe stuff like that so
unfortunately we had to leave the shop
yesterday 3 o'clock I mean we're still
there from like 9 o'clock we opened it
at 10:00
clock until 3:00 p.m. so we were there
for like five hours meeting you guys and
then today we were told that for that
security reasons we were not at all
allowed to go to the shop
however I've just had note from security
now and they're saying that they think I
can go down at five o'clock for the last
hour today so I'm edging the block now
and get out of the way get it uploaded
all scheduled so I can head down later
today at five o'clock I'm so excited
the rug is all out just jumped in and
uber and I'm on the way to this store
now it's closing in 50 minutes so I
think it's gonna be all good I think
it's a new car and I'm just so excited
to get down because that's what I want
to do I want to be down there meeting
all of you guys who are getting involved
and checking out the store and purchase
and merch and stuff just text another
security now at the moment they're
trying to trying to make sure everything
is everything is ready happy for us to
step outside the store very quickly yeah
yeah bag off and stuff or not yeah let's
give it in because once I get you in oh
yes
been in the office for the last three
hours doing all the backend or the
accounting and making with the team is
now not just me making sure that
everything is going all good in the
backend or the stock or the numbers for
the for the pop-up shop I've also got
250 white posters for Joe to sign to
take back it's currently 9 p.m. it's 9
p.m. today has been today has been good
just need to get a taxi and head back to
the air B&B why you being more hit here
you go just got back to the air B&B and
ordered sushi
I spent 32 pounds I was like guys just
warn everyone here I've ordered a life
anyone want sushi I got all covered I
spent 32 pounds on sushi this is what's
just arrived that's it that's 32 pounds
my miso suit was apparently 4 pounds
this here was 10 pounds I could have
literally gone to it soon got that for
like 2 pounds 90 this here is 13 pounds
how is that 13 pounds but then you worry
we've also got all of this so I'm fine
should bloom in 30 quid 30 quid good
morning guys good morning how you doing
we popped out earlier on for breakfast
sweetie what's the matter
they'll be fine if probably at work or
something is London isn't it wait lunch
earlier on with my dad this morning
which was delicious thank you so much
Joe and I have just been out for some
meetings and stuff but we're back with
grab lunch for everyone everyone being
me Joe and Zoe and we're back back on
the signing because word has it this is
from Zoe all the posters have sold out
look at Joe's new shoes apparently every
single poster has sold out so we need to
get them in signing Joe mate you need to
sign all of these ones that's just
missing you
these ones missing me and Joe these are
all are they're missing me and Joe Joe
you also need to honor these ones but
you've got a lot of catching up here you
go have fun see you not five hours the
aftermath every single poster is signed
all packaged up except from these ones I
haven't signed yet they're the only ones
and then we've signed all of the posters
for the shop I didn't even think that
there would be the number one bestseller
today we're all going to the pop-up shop
it is Friday and we're all heading down
today all three of us
you are nothing already literally just
sitting and signing and signing and
signing and sign-in not with that hand
that's my left hand and we're off to the
shop how you doing you good I hope so
we're just around the corner now so
lovely evening you going to the pop-up
no anyone going
to the Baba
hey we need like a little one of those
and that's it done see you later thanks
for coming
that's how Joe is that's a happy years
after today we've just scratched it say
that's why I plug in so you know we've
got your get the other night I know it
is the biggest one ever
he's gone snog joint weekend of a really
funny picture I put it in my vlog zone
they replied a really funny reply and
now they've just tweeted I'll say hello
you mentioned free snog for life your
wish is our command on your heart yes
yeah but don't tell them that because
then they'll take your bag we always
said that it's now they've just tweeted
saying that they've got oh
you mentioned free snog for life your
wish is our command snog your hearts out
guys and three unlimited for life snog
cards you're welcome here we go Tony's
ordering fast
but they put the cream on that sort and
sharing everything down the security
with us guys big
just been give him a snog and as
promised in the tweet they just gave me
a snog card but this I met also for life
we get free unlimited snog Joanne Zoe
I've got one as well these guys have
come over from Boston
there's stadium Brighton as well and
they have pizza face look at us can't
you people just strolling through London
with Froyo no I am country vessel now
our garden backs out into the
countryside no everything is three times
I just want everyone just happy you know
the old country boy like me walk on the
big old city with Froyo yeah another big
stinker Missouri rightly said London the
only thing that sucks about London is
that it's so busy so you constantly walk
into caboose parts honestly on this wall
I walked into like four people's far yes
so I wanna be even if I was not too far
okay I was gonna warn them for you so
don't worry we're just walking back to
the Airbnb now know what I mean that
there's so many people walking in like
in lines together every now and then you
means it's very busy in people Park
really linger in London in the
countryside they just blow away with the
Seawind round here there we go
apparently that's happens in London
which walking back to the Airbnb now my
dad's just finished his work and
what that's just walking back from work
and beating us at their B&B you know
nothing we're going to do a little bit
of shopping tonight also really thank
you so much everyone who came out to the
shop today was I believe possibly the
busiest day of any of the day so far
which is insane because I thought day
one would be the busiest tomorrow is
also Saturday that's that that's just
going to be busy because it's Saturday
so social so thank you so much the other
sport has been insane and I'll keep
saying it but thank you
look our hectic this is guys trying to
find somewhere for dinner
we go the girls have gone off shopping
to cry market Zara that night for dinner
we've come out to Oaxaca
absolutely smashing out Thank You cheeky
GG nt getting out the car Brighton
coming to pick our little girlie up
picking her up from them and dad's hey
guys oh and they don't care about me
and the doggies hey you being lazy you
being lazy should we go home oh you just
want to play don't you mate
I am absolutely knackered guys I'm gonna
go straight to bed go straight to sleep
I'm gonna end the double vlog here if
you've enjoyed it give the video a
thumbs up subscribe if you are not
already please guys God ever life if you
want to check out any of my PB merch
I'll leave a link down below as well
it's like quarter past 1:00 in the
morning today just the last weekend in a
hall as a whole in a whole I can't even
speak not in a whole as a whole has been
phenomenal thank you as always for the
love and the support I'll catch you in
the morning
