you are the guys if you follow me on
Twitter or face but you probably
wouldn't notice them we just had a
little competition going me my friend we
ordered some two pizzas take away and we
says whoever gets to the top and will
get a video made purely for them now it
took over something at how many two
hundred reckon yeah
two hundred tweets and pulled about 50
Facebook posts guessing what was on the
pizza multiple toppings when in fact it
was only one topic and we wanted that
one keyword so congratulations 2/3 are
12 3 is our underscore 12 her channel or
his channel is down there in description
go check them out go subscribe go leave
them a comment saying you won pointless
blogs competition and yeah
congratulations we're about your pieces
and to prove that you were right we will
now show you
I know true that they're right whereas a
piece Coralie see that well cuz it's
chopped up into tiny pieces
get out Pizza Pizza he's eating his
pizza well anyway we've got bacon on our
pizza simply bacon when Helios we just
wanted bacon on our pizza awesome
well done three is a 12 and you won
