what's up guys it's currently 11 minutes
to 4:00 in the morning I've just got
back from seeing the midnight release of
Deathly Hallows part-2
now after watching the trailer itself I
had really high expectations to this
film
within the Edit in within the storyline
because I've never ever read the books
myself so I wasn't sure what the
storyline actually was I didn't know
what was gonna happen in the film which
kind of is a good thing because then I
was more excited not as unprepared of
what was going to happen but in some
ways apparent if you read the books
which hopefully I will do one day it
tells you more information obviously
because in a book there's more
information than a film so hopefully I
will read the books one day soon just to
back up what I already know and put more
information into what I've seen in the
films
so the storyline of the film itself was
absolutely incredible obvious I don't
want to give anything away and ruin the
film view because most of you I
obviously guessing that you didn't go
and see the midnight release so you
wouldn't have seen it already and this
will be a video that you're watching
persuade you to go I suppose because the
storyline was absolutely incredible it
kept me gripped the whole way through
and I twenty-two care and watching and I
didn't want the film to end not to
mention the editing which is
unbelievable I don't even know how
people can edit without well these days
just everything was amazing within the
editing and it just blew my mind but
what I'm gonna say is that I definitely
definitely advise you to go and see it
because I just went midnight the first
ever showing one minute past 12 in the
UK and it was great definitely go lies
you will enjoy even if you haven't seen
the other films which I do advise I
watched one two three four yesterday and
then I watched five six and seven today
and then when they saw the midnight
release of the second part of number
seven and it was absolutely amazing so
definitely go and see it it's one to
watch and I think you'll really enjoy it
