all right there guys unfortunately I
can't upload tomorrow this is just
because I'm going to see the tennis are
gonna Wimbledon tomorrow for the day
with my mum which I'm really excited
about it's gonna be really cool but
because it's for the whole day I think
I'll ever like 9:00 in the morning and
get back about 11:00 therefore I don't
have any time to film edit or upload so
unfortunately I won't be uploading
tomorrow and I know I said it refused in
Thursday and that will still be
happening don't worry I'm just saying
this too so I don't get tweets and
Facebook stuff and things say it I hope
you haven't uploaded it Tuesday what you
do and I will still be carrying on with
that schedule and I hope you all okay
and I'll be speaking to you very very
soon in fact probably enjoy our Thursday
bye
