what is up guys my exams of full finish
now have had all nine exams somewhat
well some did and just finished
chemistry today which went quite bad but
I'll have to wait and see what I got um
I was just making this vid so I've now
got two weeks of college which means I
can spend a lot time with YouTube which
I've been able to do in a JIT so that we
blog TV shows new videos new second
channel videos making my channel
promoting it I've doing everything I
wanted to do pages so I'd like you to
guys if you have any certain video ideas
or anything that you do want me to
specifically do whether it's small
things on this channel or big things on
my main channel and comment below what
you want me to do and I'll try and sort
everything out for you guys because I've
got two weeks of college it's I'm really
happy about yeah I do not say uh
nothing to do now yes
