from an idea in my head to a reality
right now this is crazy good funny guys
give on it good morning how you doing
garnet walking about the Airbnb naked no
not really my boxers today's the day
today's the bloomin big day we've seen
on Twitter so many of you guys tweeting
saying that you're coming down that
you're on the way I'm a little bit
worried about the queues we have up the
security last night from two people
arriving at 9 a.m. to 5 people arriving
at 7 a.m. so we've already got five
security at the venue sorting it all out
and obviously we've warned the police
and the council and everything like that
but then it's gonna be a sick day I
think there's already like 60 70 people
outside and there's still a couple of
hours until it opens so if I've only
just woken up hopefully you guys have
only just woken up as well and you're
coming down two minutes eight in the
morning
you excited is it not oh maybe I could
times wrong yeah
the tow man that thing is wrong is
actually 22 minutes past day I need to
go get my bat and shower because we have
to leave what time we leave it caught
tonight we're leaving a quarter denying
them I need to get my butt in the shower
this has got a call-out on sweet in here
how am i doing this that's the bar there
we go just jumping in the car just
arrived in the warehouse not in the
warehouse definitely not the warehouse
in the shop
looks like a warehouse back there sorry
no the first ones here no one else has
bothered turning up no members of
subject and members of staff
administered seven o'clock in the
morning guys it is half past eight Joe
is getting it any second
Zoey and I are currently decapping all
of the post I say all of this is tiny
bit of the poster tubes to roll up all
the posters all of the signs about all
three of us into tubes pop them inside
here put the caps on and then put them
on the shop shop front obviously we've
got yellow ones and then we've got white
ones somewhere over there staff meeting
everything is in place we just need to
put on a couple of t-shirts that we've
got it's eight minutes until the shop
the launch is Excel we've had some
special staff Joe show them the t-shirt
you also check out this is yeah this
t-shirt the back this stuff and we know
the staff not just kids trying to steal
I've got the yellow hoodie on oh yes
Sofia I've taken an XL hoodie on the
shop floor yeah looking so sick from an
idea in my head to a reality right now
this is crazy
though he's getting a custom top
no are we god there's noisy everyone
Austria all opening the doors together
at the same time or just like opening up
isn't that the first people are coming
in this way the pressure on the tail
machine the pressure on Amy to get this
right
command is flown in from Germany and
then is flying back out this afternoon
though it's crazy thank you so much
let's get a picture
upstairs is so busy necessary people in
the shop now we've got probably like
five minutes or so to come down here and
chill
these guys are signing tote bags
basically just waiting upstairs
everyone's like buy their items and
stuff just going good it's going so good
how are you finding that security
everyone turned up Joe's been out for a
little bit Zoe and I going back out but
mid-flow the shops fall there's just so
much fun how you doing you get I like
your glass layers and the queues are
blooming crazy
oh sorry taking a picture just a couple
of hours later guys it's like 7:30 in
the evening as oh he's back at the air
B&B Joe and I have been back at the air
B&B
here off you saw on social media guys
there was the biggest turnout today ever
so I want to say thank you so much to
everybody who came out and showed sport
and bought some merch and stuff it was
in same but there was so many people
turning up hey dad yet so many people
turning up that Zoe Java myself had to
leave the venue otherwise things would
have got unsafe like the key was going
look it all the way from where the
pop-up shop is all the way down past
Covent Garden to BER station there was
over I think it's over a thousand or two
people or something like that like 2,000
people it was absolutely crazy but very
very well managed
but things would've got really bad if we
didn't leave so we were there for six
hours which was never the intention
because as you guys you know this isn't
a meet-up this is a pop-up shop but
we're not there all day every single day
serving people and having meat in grease
and stuff this is into your pop-up shop
occasionally we might be in there it
might not be today we were only going to
be there for a couple of hours but we
were having so much fun okay we were
having so much fun that we ended up
staying for six hours until the scooter
told us we had to leave because things
will get so getting so busy but I'm just
so happy that like 2,000 people turned
out and no one got hurt two thousand
people turned out everyone who got there
in time before the cue ball cut off
everyone got into the shop super
successful obviously we didn't get to
meet everybody but that was never ever
and that isn't ever going to be possible
because it wasn't a meet and greet kind
of thing do you have a good time I did
enjoyed it here's just the merge at the
moment there it is so we're now going
off to a shoe shop that you guys have
seen me go to before for presented by
it's like collectible shoes you know I
love my shoes there's a hop on seven the
shop closes at 6:00 every day set from
Sunday four o'clock and just to remind
you guys it is open for the next one to
the 3rd of September and what are you
watching this so pick your days wisely
don't come down all unlike the personnel
like everyone did today and then get
stuck in a massive massive queue the
queue was at four hours long apparently
that's like a Harry Potter film based
like a Harry Potter girl pick your day
wisely try common today what you think
no one else is going to be there so that
you could so you can have no queues just
trying to think thing what's best for
you guys really on the brown from the
pullets as well you know exactly Roxie
Roxie Roxie Oh get out
here we go here we go
grabbin if I have the Calabasas guys
finally oh shut up dog is always know
here that it doesn't matter
she'll never know here he is want me to
turn let me see them
oh that's the thumbnail Oh Jake it like
a number time everybody know session in
it I'm watching hot fuzz it's not hot
fuzz is actually Shaun of the Dead
that's the one I just ordered frozen
yogurt and I kind of went a bit over the
top and got four different toppings
that's not I need to go over the top
healthy snowboarding there somewhere
listen to droning here's our doctor in a
segue you're never gonna eat all your
Josie you know Joe legit didn't order
one just because he said I'll get it
have some azari's instead no it was
really really just got into bed Joe's
left now though he's in bed as well that
was in credible today guys we've
calculated that after doing all of the
statistics to look at everything in the
number of foot forward before they came
through there was over 4,000 people that
came through the doors into the pop-up
shop today I honestly thought it was
like mm maximum ends up it was 4,000
well over 4,000 so if you turned up
today thank you so much thank you for
the love thank you to everybody for
being so supportive and so excited and
getting involved remember that into a
September the 3rd the shop is still open
zowie night and joe could be down there
for a little bit so we're just gonna be
popping in popping out government's
pictures of governments my heart so come
along Hey
enjoying the shop we love everything
that we've been working off so long and
it's time to end the blog I hope you
enjoyed the video I know it was a little
bit crazy today because today has just
been a crazy day so I don't even know
what I vlog too much because my focus
today was the shop but I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already if you're part of the LBW squad
the LBW team show your love I'll see you
in the morning
