yeah they're guys I'm just making this
quick video because at the moment as you
probably know I've got a lot of college
exams I've got nine exams just on four
and I've got five more to go and this
video is just to wish you guys luck
because I know you guys have got a lot
of exams and tests soon as well and or
at the moment maybe maybe you've even
done them so good luck I hope that they
went well if you haven't done them
if you haven't done them yet as I said
good luck because I mean they're tiring
I I'm really tired at the moment I
haven't got that much spare time to and
that's why I can't upload to my main
channel I'm trying to get videos popping
this channel as much and quick as I can
but it's hard it's hard with work and
I'll be uploading again soon I've
finished this Friday for two weeks which
I'll be uploading then obviously and I
just hope the exams are going well
because you guys have given me support
and Twitter so I thought I'd give some
support back and at once a good luck
really so calm below tell me how and
they go in we've got school exams we've
got little mini exams that don't you
mean anything but still exams whether
you've got college tests whether you've
got university final pieces been handed
in well you've just got hard times
generally at work at the moment or tell
me how it's going and I'll be sure to
apply to all of them and I know I
haven't replied to my video saying how
are you guys the questions and how you
lots people of course 60 comments I mean
one day saying how they work just crazy
for my second channel but it was awesome
so when I get the time or we'll be
around to all of you and I hope that
you're all well tried to read this Minsk
out so far and so far most of your
seamen really happy which is great and
I'll be speaking to assume that while I
will be back to normal and I'll be
uploading I'll try and get scheduled
going off to my exams and do other
publishes am like I should be doing so
speak too soon really
