so today was the day of the royal
wedding and person I didn't really think
I would want to watch me I wasn't really
looking forward to it and I know I
should have been but I wasn't then when
I turned on this morning I ended up
watching more s all of it and really
enjoyed the whole thing now there are a
couple of little funny things that I've
seen that happens throughout the day
that weren't necessarily on camera short
so you may not have seen them and I
thought I'd show you one of them and
link a couple of them down below so this
is the little funny thing that I thought
I'd show you and if you look at this
picture carefully of Kate and William
kissing if you have the whole wide angle
shot then you'll actually notice the
little girl down in the bottom corner
covering up her ears now I just thought
this was pretty funny to be honest
because something was going to have to
happen and every single picture of them
kissing has been zoomed in so you can't
see this little girl but once you get
the whole wide angle shot you can see
her eyelids though it's quite funny and
also guys there are other funny videos
or things that happen that went slightly
wrong or weren't meant to be seen
throughout the day down below in the
description go check them all out
there's some really funny clips thanks
for watching and I hope you enjoyed the
video and I hope you enjoyed watching
the ball wedding if you did
