what's up guys now just put in and I was
about to get some food out the freezer
to cook for myself and I saw this now I
don't if you guys can see actually how
big that is but that's probably about as
long as my finger its legs are one
second it all together it's probably
about that big with its legs which is
 disgusting um I don't not to do
I don't know able to just cook something
different or whether it's like put it in
a glass and we're outside or I could
even show my cat but I'm not gonna do
that I will probably just dispose of it
by putting a gloss I don't like it so
I've managed to capture this spider and
I know this um pasta dish in the bottom
on the piece paper if you can see how
big and disgusting this spider actually
is then you'd probably be scared as well
because that's me that is pretty damn
disgusting
