good morning guys good morning good
morning
you'll get ready to jump in our taxi in
London and we are off to the pop-up shop
it launches tomorrow as you know oh my
gosh I'm so excited here we go we've got
the little sign up here to start with
you're the shop window looks awesome
that's letting us in this looks amazing
oh my gosh you get loads of items that
you guys haven't even seen yet phone
cases pop sockets give you tour the
place in a minute we just need to go
downstairs and sign up with the posters
Joe is down here as well somewhere Hey
that means he's hiding I don't trust any
of you
Zoey and I have 800 posters to sign
tonight and then we need to also roll
with them and put them into these for
people to buy them tomorrow oh my gosh
currently uploading the vlog sorry it's
a little bit late yesterday guys doing
everything I can
we're just trying to try to get
everything ready you know we start
signing this is the first poster
pressure maybe you'll learn the
technique once you've done a few
thousand yeah I think this ends not very
tight
anyone else free to roll posters no
jaqen Joe can you give everyone a tour
can you give me a tour of downstairs
because I've only just arrived and Joe's
been here for a good few hours
guys so here we have I'll pull up the
door - close the door was too big the
frame - yeah did we order the wrong one
me so we've been in there I'm not
changing Sciences don't come in I'm
having a dump if you are in if you're
not in they did you make this
no it's free unlike not pop sockets
which are ten pounds please here we have
just like general waste into cardboard
we will recycle in case Kirstin my own
haste now in case the girls go crazier
than much sober they spontaneously
combust my posters we're gonna put
posters in there said you know give me a
bit paper right here go clear off
actually give it to you like nicely
you've got trees here do you like the
kinds of mine
this is not our stuff Joe showing you
everything that isn't our so voice sure
I need to recycle in the fire
extinguishers and some trees yeah here
we recruited Santa's elves great place
then highly secret stuff it actually is
we should turn all the lights off and
see the person searching is only not use
the iPhone torch having said like 60
seconds and we should all we should all
three of us camera going you can watch
them all free oh yeah that you say yeah
yeah yeah
yes I'm gonna give you guys a proper
tour of the upstairs in a little bit
because we need to carry on signing
posters and upstairs is still being
worked on at the moment so there's no
point me showing you it now I might as
well show you it when it's looking even
better than it currently is that is the
creepiest thing oh my god imagine all
the lights off as well sorry people
actually trying to get on with work here
and we're riding a horse a dog a
werewolf
sorry I caught that that's not even ours
identify we need to get back to siding
guys come on otherwise nobody's could
have signed posters tomorrow time for us
to leave it is quarter past eight this
place is looking good look all of these
these are other pops rockets you guys
haven't even seen these yet these are
all the cloud pops rockets got the phone
cases here are you still doing stock
counts can we steal a phone case in a
pops rocky or is that gonna knock the
knock the stock count thank you squeaky
clean hey pops rocket says huh I'm at
the front door I'm gonna give you guys a
tour of the final product for tonight
what would the plants got the prices of
everything up on the walls here you come
round
nice little decorations nice little
succulents phone cases pop sockets phone
cases display and leave all the clothing
phone cases the hash tags up on the
walls little mirror tote bags a big
mirror here these are called when
they're turned on that's a neon light
look or maybe how do I turn it on no you
ready so cool isn't it over here we've
got all of the clothing for all the
different sizes small medium large extra
large extra extra large all the
different items we've got for sale I've
got a little poster section signed
posters white and yellow up on the walls
here for the different ones
a little Instagram little photo section
with a mirror with the hashtag again and
then over here well the hoodies and then
over here we've got other all with the
tails oh and a nice little photo section
here and then through the front and you
can see get you tomorrow yeah you get
nice to meet you I like your jumper this
is what it looks like from the outside
how you doing
what do you think of the shop does it
look it good back at their B&B
I've got burger and chips honest burger
whilst watching the TV
goodbye Joseph catch you early tomorrow
don't be late we need we need to be
there to cut the ribbon
ciao we just got into bed now in the air
B&B where we're staying just go into bed
and we're watching one of my old vlogs
called try not to laugh challenge that
five point nine millions views on this
channel and watch me why because it's
great quality pointlessblog content
that's why our Chin's like this look at
it now you're like guys hit subscribe
button
just on them let's watch it up watch
click wrestling moves are a 2.7 million
years wait - ok 5.9 million movies that
videos gone it is massive look at one of
the top comments unfair how Zoe so
similar got big boobs that blogs could
try not to laugh challenge and it's got
five point nine million views let's try
and get another five point nine million
views on this vlog I try not to laugh ok
you have to do something sorry that
makes me laugh say or do something that
won't mean I'm not allowed to mode ready
don't laugh at udita a 2d tired
oh I'm finished
no you're gonna say at the end no oh
you're gonna say adaptively bear no I'm
laughing out you know with you I knew
you don't love your life depends on that
oh my god that hurts so bad oh my god
you know this like fluffy bits at the
top of your mouth for the back and they
got to your nose do you know I mean I
think I just ripped them out I think
they just stretch them oh I'm soaking
wet
literally like I just had a shower that
was the try not to laugh with water in
your mouth challenge part 2 part 1 and
this channel got five point nine million
views so than 135,000 thumbs ups would
be a fairly nice you excited about the
pop-up give the video a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already down
below and let me know if you're part of
the LBW squad LBW team tomorrow at 10:00
a.m. we are opening the shop I'm so
excited
like we've got a ribbon and everything
to proper cut like a proper official
opening right in the morning goodnight
