what's up guys as you can tell I've got
a new camera finally after waiting 14
days I would say it's worth it
definitely because so far I've been on
it quite a while now and I'm loving it I
just got it today so it really wanted to
say that one testimony camera and stuff
like that hour and seeing the render
settings see now to import it just
practicing before uploading on to my
main channel also that I'm going to stop
loading videos on this second channel
now if you're viewing this because
you've subscribed then I want to say
thank you already and if you're viewing
this because I've made put on Twitter or
Facebook or all of that then you may as
well subscribe to this channel I'm going
to be uploading some well nobody sure
yeah maybe some like your vlogs or about
little or topics that can't go my main
channel because they're not big enough
maybe some no personal videos just
talking to you guys or maybe like I
don't know outtakes things like that you
guys could comment below now send little
things that you'd like to see on this
channel that aren't big enough to go on
my main channel but just little things
that you guys might like to enjoy and
yeah I just want to say thank you really
and you'll be seeing me soon thank you
for waiting for those two weeks that I
didn't have a camera but I've got one
now as you can see and I'll be speaking
to you soon
see ya
