what's up guys I'd say sorry that
haven't uploaded in absolutely ages it's
because I sold my old camera to a friend
then ordered my new camera which is the
kind of 550d which is absolutely amazing
and I'm really excited to get and this
is the delivery be two to four days
which I thought that's absolutely fine
because I don't normally upload every
four days so it won't make a difference
to when I upload well I'm a schedule
anyway so I ordered it and then they
email my dad two days later saying it's
been delayed and then today I contacted
them and they said it's been delayed
again so I should be getting it absolute
latest in four days of when I'm filming
this video now
which is really annoying because it
means haven't uploaded for like nearly
two weeks now and I want to get my five
thousand subscriber video done I'm
excited for that I still need some
little more challenge guys so if you
want to challenge me some more things
preferably not food challenges because
I've got loads of those comment blow
down there some challenges and also
jointed say that's why I haven't
uploaded it's not for any other reason
that I don't want to do it now or I
haven't got anything to talk about in my
videos it's simply because I don't
currently have a camera at the moment so
it would be absolutely amazing if you
follow my new facebook groups well I
don't if you know I've got Facebook page
links down there as well so go and like
that I'm using that quite a lot at the
moment to get away to talk to me if you
want to contact me or ask me something
and stick by don't think that because I
haven't uploaded in two weeks I'm not
going upload ages or I haven't uploaded
for a reason it's I don't have a camera
so thanks to the sport guys and I'll
speak to you all soon
