good morning guys good morning
how you doing hope you're having a
lovely day I wanted to come outside this
morning to the weather check but it's
kind of that weather where it's really
bright but really gray so you have to
kind of like squint your eyes because
it's really really bright if that makes
any sense
so here's your weather jack nice and
gray you need to go to the toilet Missy
get your butt on the grass get your butt
on the grass on the grass time to sign
another load of posters
just finish that batch though he's
jumped on so it basically goes me sign
in and I place here then Zoey puts not
dead then she signs them we placed there
and then after there we put them in our
car on tomorrow on Tuesday and we drive
them to London to the venue which is the
shop and then Joe's going to come there
and Joe's gonna sign these ones and
Joe's also got tons of his flat that
he's been signing that Zoey and I need
to sign and then eventually all three of
us would have signs which we have our
head we've also got when the shop is
open we could be downstairs sign in yeah
if we need to be or would you get there
early in the morning it's going good
guys it's going good I've got some
picture updates actually I'm going to
ask
let me bring one of the team now who is
in London setting up the pop-up shop I'm
going to ring Tom now and see if you can
send me a video of an update of how it
is so fast so that you guys can see the
progress whilst we're here but we are
all going tomorrow to like physically
help put it together as well
but let me try and get leeway yeah we're
not going to be as good as the actual
people who are doing that's their job
yeah
we've just been sort of need up some
more because I was just said after you
look at nyla and don't laugh
what you doing up there you cozy that's
who is to add the whole sofa the whole
of that sofa like everywhere and you
choose there - your body's heading to
the oh let me put my laptop down
she probably probably do mobile in the
morning backflip tonight heading to the
office half an hour
Yello how's it going so has just been
said look at this do it like you read
out then it's like Charlie Chocolate
Factory we did knighted to make you the
newest member of the exclusive much
making fist itself as we've heard about
how much you love hot biscuits
do you enjoy the gold-plated digestive
biscuit thank you
exclusive to each biscuit member club
member Zoe is a biscuit club mentor and
has a golden biscuit being part of
biscuit Club means that you will receive
unlimited free product for one year
despite all your look Vicky's biscuit
cravings we have to enjoy being
Parliament which is biscuit clever we
look forward to hearing from you soon
with love another key team three
biscuits rebel Amman year but not be
caramel we need to make a cup of tea oh
my goodness these actually are your
favorite yeah I love those let's go many
oh look how many of these legs ten oh my
god let me do milk chocolate cappuccino
one I'm having to blog super up high on
top of myself so you guys can see where
we are we are about to enroll ourselves
with a local doctor to the new house so
we're just going off to them off to the
doctors also look at what I'm wearing on
my beloved face it's a little bit of a
person on the way home of just popped
out for lunch I got a bacon and avocado
bagel
little green little green juice it's got
a bacon as well got a little helper here
today with me reading all the comments
of the
kiss Oh Kanna keys Oh boom I don't if
she still does this poor no that high
five high five if I dig yeah to the high
five high five go Cheers sorry bought
some glasses earlier actually she didn't
buy the money they survived earlier it's
far too big so she seemed fine
nope I don't want them I was going to
see if they look good of him but they
definitely don't you can have them you
can return them are you ready oh okay
yeah they look ridiculous
look at them so bad they're not too
great on me you can return them get your
money back get your money back living
quarter to 8:00 in the evening just just
arriving home so announce so much stuff
I didn't even think about with the shop
like accommodation of course I'm going
to be there most days and obviously Zoe
is coming along Jo's comodo lives in
London just be easier for him so I've
just been sawing out accommodation for
some of the staff
you're working at a pop-up shop myself
Zoe
actually I should try and be quite quiet
so I think so he's downstairs
hello lots of blur things so I keep on
talking to you guys about how we get
work done to our garage our garage
garage I do however you pronounce it I
think our margins OSs
what do I think of raj garage I don't
know I'd say I say one of them is only
laughter me for saying it wrong but we
basically had new doors put on the other
day so this is like a new slidy thing
that goes down this was our old one
it's been like it's trying to get it
chopped up and recycled at the moment as
you can see literally look someone's
like cut into little it's still being
all painted or new over there as you can
see there's like little bits that have
all been filled in stuff but if you
press the the button on the fob this is
what happens this is pretty cool it's
not looking crazy inside there yet
because as you can see it's still being
worked on like it's only just begun so
for the last four days so far this space
is all going insulated it's all getting
done up again all new windows put in
these are smoked because they look into
the into the neighbor's garden we don't
want her we don't want her thinking that
we're peeking in on her so that's
getting all smoked in that glass but
only one foot in all the walls are being
already done or the floors being done
this wall over here is being put in
complete mirror like the entire wall and
this space has been completely turned
into a gym it's like a proper
professional gym that we've got all the
gym equipment you can imagine in here
we've got like cross-trainer we've got
all the cables we've got everything like
we've got the proper all padded like
thick padded gym floor and going in I
think we're getting a TV built-in so we
can follow workout DVDs as well even all
of these beams have been braised I used
to be able to touch them they used to be
really like this hype and now they've
been put way higher so that I can lift
weights properly above my head without
hitting the ceiling it's just going to
be savage so there were 100% be no
excuse to not work out I'm going to be
in there
single day grind in getting this body
into shape rather than at the moment I'm
just like inside eating biscuits and
stuff this is going to be it's going to
be savage it's going to be so so sick so
I want you guys to fall apart the
journey I think it's going to take three
and a half weeks to be built and so far
they've had one week probably something
like that it's going to be finished in
like three weeks which man I'm so
excited
Haney as it go in as we going a little
boy you playing with your toy plane with
your new toy don't judge me
I've been signing posters signing
posters and signing posters for so long
this evening that I haven't stopped have
dinner so I may or may not be jumping
the car to go to McDonald's thanks so
much
here's have a good one this is naughty
look at that guy's know what your
barking eyes Billy Elliot watching Billy
alert the musical which if you don't
already know here's my favorite musical
I wish I was Billy Elliot that's what
I'm saying I wish we had a ballet when I
was younger
here he is come here let's go to bed
good girl she knows she's not allowed on
the bed I'm watching you guys I'm gonna
put my camera there because she knows
she's not allowed on the bed and I'm
going to go that woman see if she jumps
on
she's been so cute so in I've been
waiting out the room just watching
they're listening and she left fun
that's where buzz sleeps when he comes
over where's she going
she's trying to find some ice officer
Verde then yeah that's open why isn't
she just getting in her own bed down
there it's good that she knows that
she's not allowed on our bed where she
Quinn what you doing Missy I'll let you
have a treat like you're not bed go and
then enjoy it you enjoy that Missy
