good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing hope you're having
a lovely day the vlog you are about to
watch I've just been ed to now and I
completely forgot to start it
we had Zoey's grandparents over as you
know yesterday off of vlogging because
we just wanted to chill and hang out
with them and I didn't want to get to
come around shoving in people's faces so
I took the day off but I did vlog the
day you're about to watch now
I just forgot to start it so I hope you
enjoyed the vlog LBW squad give the
video a thumbs up if you're out there if
you watching and enjoy this looks so
good what is that source pretentious
with my eggs now you make them look
amazing what's this that is balsamic
glaze if I was doing eggs on toast it
literally be eggs on toast now insane
this looks so good
those comparisons of his mum are over at
moment dynamo bean breakfast this is my
breakfast that Zoe's made me she's just
making iron
I like the tomatoes so they're different
shapes and colors yeah oh I want to
check on how my plants do and my little
guy that start making in the vlog the
other day none of them are growing too
much I'm going to water them come on
guys oh crap
may have overwater them always dropped a
couple in here oh that looks amazing in
your phone yeah oh my gosh that
literally looks like I want to Jamie all
of his recipe books let's go and eat and
I got myself a coffee as well just come
out for a little walk on the beach it is
so lovely and it's all people in the
bikinis we've been swim shorts just
sunbathing
just coming across and savage roller
skaters yeah
oi yeah
get that oh boy he is sick happy 17th
skater fresh birthday 712 you ever that
is we're coming to Marco's the number
one ice cream spot in home joking
they've got any ice cream that we can
get Nala that doggie ice cream I bet you
they do it yes
always a big queue when you come here
guys but it's worth it the decisions of
what to go for or pistachio or mint rock
jet that's the question which one of you
got banana this looks incredible
though is just pointed out that we are
currently where I filmed a video with
Marcus I'm going to try and insert a
clip back in the day that was literally
on here what I'm running go for a jog
we're back from the beach everyone's
just left well not everyone is sugar
sure got nada here we're still got sorry
here still there Zoe sneezing I don't
think I've shown you yet in the vlog one
of the actually both of the posters that
are for sale at the pop-up shop if you
have no idea what I'm on about myself PB
merch Zoe and Joe sugg last March are
collaborating and we've got a physical
pop-up shop in London for 12 days
starting this Wednesday until the 3rd of
September we're going to be popping in
just random times people keep on
tweeting me saying what time are you
going to be in there what days you going
to we don't know yet guys it's not a
meet-and-greet this is a pop-up shop
like if you go there and we're there
then we can grab a picture we can hang
out we can chat and stuff but if you go
there and we're not there you can still
grab yourself merch and everything like
that it's a pop-up shop this isn't a
meet-and-greet opportunity this is a
cool collaboration one-off exclusive
2017 thug life and PV collaboration so
on that note this is this is one of the
posters basically I'm signing them all
this moment Zoe signed all of these runs
here I've signed all of this pile and
Zoe so on this part and then we're
getting Jo to sign underneath him there
so we're going to be signed there's also
a white version that then of you can see
up there at the same poster so a thug
life xpb Jo and Zoe and then I got my
head done as well oh my gosh I love it
so much
right sorry to head off heading to my
friend's brother's house just wanna for
my glasses
heading to my friend's brother's house
for like a surprise little birthday
thing
see you later that sounds very nice say
goodbye we don't have a kiss we just
high-five no I meant like ciao like like
I was waving Oh ciao you later catch you
later
jumping back in the car and heading off
to the beach going to a cinema on the
beach which is cool also you know I said
we're getting work done on the garage or
the garage garage garage garage whatever
this thing is called however you
pronounce that we got a new shutter put
on it instead of that like wooden door
over there to match the rest of the
house and the hold of the inside is
being done for the next three weeks but
not into a garage into a garage into
somewhere destroy your cars into
something else very very exciting I have
no idea if I'm in the right place some
carny guys my friends pull my trousers
up my friends brothers flap and then
we're heading to the cinema on the beach
that's where I kick start the vlog off
boss laying on this bed saying that I
forgot to start the blog and now I'm
ending the vlog saying I forgot to end
the vlog so I hope you enjoyed the video
if you did give it a thumbs up subscribe
if you're not already
remember the pop-up shop sorry all of my
time and energy is going into this
pop-up shop at the moment if you're
coming down it's open for 12 days don't
all come down on day one those days and
weird dance in front of me come down day
two day three day four day five
obviously they want as well like any of
the days it is looking crazy you've got
something to say no okay cool I didn't
feel much in the evening last night as
you saw because it was my friend
Morgan's birthday and I just wanted to
hang out and be in the moment with him
for his birthday I didn't want to be
shoving my camera in people's faces we
went back to the prophets Platt would
play Mario Kart and switch
I destroyed everybody if there's anyone
out there watching this who thinks they
do that Mario Kart 8 don't even test me
cuz I'm savage I'll catch you tomorrow
guys thanks again for watching sorry the
vlog is a little bit shorter than usual
just warning you this week's blogs are
going to be nuts so get excited
