good morning good morning everyone good
morning funny guys honey how you doing
what you up to we're just jumping in the
car because we are off somewhere that we
can actually tell you about now so I
were just getting am getting some work
done on the garage at the moment demands
everything I'll tell you about that
another time in another blog getting
something very very excited built in the
garage and garage
Gary garage garage garage on the garage
garage okay if it is like a sauna
wearing hoodies and the hot on a hot day
bed if you saw yesterday's vlog you'll
know what we're wearing if you didn't
see us as Robin you probably think of
what actually went and go Chiklis
today's vlog we're off to go photograph
or did a photo shoot of Zoey wearing all
of the new clothing what my required
look at you so what concentrate on the
road markers and demarkus one of that
has a musical management company
or and I like the last year we're
completely behind the scenes on it and
one of the audience just wrote a song
ministers the songs always because she's
waiting sister
and this is our really really down below
treaty to go check it out
it's caused place we were made
I'm already visioning fit like okay I
feel like it a big apartment yeah just
like a summer dry
we are shot in the video right now
example standing to share him talking
about below in those are freezing cold
do you need to start working out so do I
have I told my blog what we're doing do
don't tell you guys what we're doing I
don't know if I told you yes Vicario
professor sorry
shoot location number two I nearly
walked into the wall little glob though
and I heading off to do something very
exciting the others are staying for
lunch in there we've just been a
shooting
all of Zowie wearing wearing the new
match about how all my best I did yeah
alright now we're heading back to the
car and I'll explain when we get to
where we're going I can't explain it you
laughter you have to see it to
understand what about same so we just
arrived at the destination after driving
for bloomin ages run if I didn't we
didn't find the car park we went to two
car parks that weren't the right ones so
I don't know how I deserve to come and
do this with me
you didn't really instead Allanon after
we're taking photos we'll go into that
no I told you ages I also to pop in top
up in Sean this has been booked in my
diary for four months ago my PA found
out this was happening and she was like
this is so something out he wants to do
and she booked in the diary probably in
her at V Festival at the moment so they
couldn't make it today but all the good
toilets there's rocks really need the
toilet but they are but we're currently
at the world's longest inflatable
assault course is that also course
obstacle course obstacle course
something like that the world's longest
so this is like ridiculous I don't know
what to expect that they're in I here
just to have a go and sits down by the
racecourse in Brighton look at it guys
it is so bloomin big and you think the
stuff that I buy for guarding is big
look at this yeah y'all feel you're
totally up to you going awesome thank
you so much you're welcome I'll catch
you soon to leave our shoes at the exit
so this is rubble finish off so we're
going to leave our shoes for
my god believe I managed to get going to
do this what's like your left or right
yeah your left
are we actually racing let's help the
governor the water right are you ready
this is a pair table to go
please mind the walk to that God you got
this you got this you got his eyes so
he's already scared at number one are
you going to jump so you have to stand
up a job yeah I'll film you an impostor
coming down remember that you have to
land on your bomb so jump onto your bomb
go ahead you got this it's really
thought obvious so proud of you
I want a backflip or from that are you
serious get it
yes it's why just fall how do you not
know that's going to her go on then
oh my god
going you got this oh you got this go on
yeah going you got that butt on your bum
not onto your feet yeah
like honestly I do
are you ready now you have to walk along
this is easy no up here I like this yeah
of God is an obstacle course
look oh no oh no the trick is to run
oh my god how are we going to do this oh
my god I nearly fell off the back whoa
he's going fast three two one
yes yes sorry
God you got that
no no no three two one hey be careful
it's really high up
I don't think dear how I did it oh my
god oh my god you did it all the way
coming up oh I took my foot in the
biggest pile of water yes
soaked okay let's go look oh no this is
go I can do like these push okay smash
gone
oh look at that see this you're so light
and nimble like I told you over for good
oh okay now I understand why you fell oh
my god this is so sick no should we race
on this barre3 dude are they oh that's
quite see
three two one I'm too big oh oh my
goodness water everywhere oh sorry look
at my legs
there is water all in that like a pod on
purpose drive through it try and jump
through I mean guys I'm not good
I'm not good
you got this you got this no your camera
living the luxury life at the top of the
castle with the peasants trying to climb
up going you got this you got this
yeah my seat is mighty same
all right here we go yes get over we're
way those up you have to join job over
everyone okay you have to go over now
you can touch it but you have to go over
you can't over the second one you can't
do that one oh my I got it
yeah Jack Nikki did it
I got you're going to run through the
car leepu three two what go
he's gross
I don't know what is on the other side
appear oh yeah
jump onto your back going you got there
I'm going to go down and round no you're
going to jump on there no hang on I get
to sit down
why did I'll pop you yeah I know
oh well don't literally bounce back off
gorgeous you're going to go fly-in
wait there wait there I'm coming
the second last obstacle and then the
big slide you ready
Oh oh my gosh my feet are so where you
got this guy Jess I don't know what so
he's can do when she gets to the top
she's going to be so scared
time to start climbing with one hand
warmblood camera
one hand one blood camera your voice is
crime in feel like I'm making it to the
top of Mount Everest
okay you will go down together soon hi
look at what we've just accomplished
it's so wet at the bottom right there
you maybe we going down at the same time
there's both to hold hands together I
mean I like this place yeah let's not
thinking he's one of the school's away
I'm gonna get so where can we go more to
the middle look at our wet pile three no
no no no makes I have oh my god no
higher three two one oh my legs look at
the water
oh my god my farm oh my god I'm a really
hot day it's pretty hot we just weren't
prepared and there's only two of us if
there was like ten of us doing their
radio my farm is like soaked named you
get up I'm wearing black all right we
did it
the last thing I want to do is put my
shoes on I'm so gutted I literally
bought and charged up and everything my
little drone to be able to shoot some
shots of all of the stuff but I am
bought two wires with me
two little cords both of them aren't for
iPhones the iPhone one is at home so I
can't connect the controller to my
iPhone to fly it
ah sure what you can do instead look at
me on your shoulders and just run along
with you holding my camera up in the air
yeah I could just try throwing my camera
up in the air anyways didn't get don't
shot still had an absolutely savage time
it is here until Sunday if you want to
obviously this isn't sponsored if you
wanna have a go it's called the
labyrinth challenge and they travel it
around the UK ages 12 and up a just
webinar I asked and I was like surely
kids can't go on their slightly quite
terrifying
yes pretty like I have kids pretty
extreme that some of the stuff is is
blooming it's hardcore I'm so happy that
I did that I thought if I slide 40 foot
slide I got some wet ha I've got a very
wet ass as well right
let us see should we head back yeah and
it's lunch on a min are ya we can dry
our bums
we need to when it eats lunch because we
let the others in an amazing restaurant
and we didn't have reading any food
oh no leaving a restaurant I'm so hungry
and I love the restaurant because
imagine if we'd eaten before we did that
or if we'd like eat and loads of like
chips and a verbal ballad or whatever I
would not have liked that
yeah it is 11 minutes until everyone
finds out about the pop-up shop
it's just heading into the office now
here's the den it's a few hours later
now everyone's left the office except
for me though here's at home editing the
vlog and I'm kind of looking at the
place and I don't feel that it should be
set up like this I feel like these desks
should be in that part and this table
should be at this part and then we even
get another desk over there or bring one
of the sofas over there I feel like
basic the place needs to tidy up I feel
like it also needs a jig around
I don't know if I can dig it all around
and move it around by myself because the
weight of that middle table is
ridiculous so if I tell me that by
myself and feel like me we're going to
break my back I'm just going to scratch
all the floor by Dragonette my other
thought is that I don't move the
furniture around I just didn't really
tidy anywhere for now because everywhere
could do with a very good tiding I've
got all like filming lights out that
shouldn't be out got random plant but on
the side of all deliveries that come
recently more stuff that like samples
for merchandise and things my drone
laying on the floor a steamer to steam
on the clothes for the photoshoots just
on the side like picture things and all
these are these are itical so anything
you buy from
from the pop-up shop if you write
anything at all you will get given a
free PB sticker and a free sub life
sticker in your bag we've got a thousand
bees and a thousand of these should be
blooming quick if you want one and then
we've got new merchandise here we've got
tons of samples and stuff for future
merchandise there well there's a table
tents bats on the side plugs and
chargers and bottles of water we got a
bloomin being on the floor we've got a
plant here but with no plant part that's
just like a plastic part that you get
that's not a puffer not proper flower
pot we've got a plant pot thing here
upside down we've got these on the side
I don't know it's not like it's not like
crazy messy but it's not how the office
should be and up says and definitely not
how the office should be a kind of need
to proper finish organizing that so that
I can get filming gaming videos up there
and pointlessblog videos up there but
what I might do I might just have a good
spritz I feel like I should just whip
round tiny everything's like half an
hour or an hour or so and then and then
head back home
it is a worldwide known fact that this
table here is the heaviest table in
existence and I want to move there and
you know what I'm like when I tell
myself I'm going to do something there
is nothing that it's going to stop me
doing that thing my aim today right now
this second is to move this table from
here to here I've got two little whipped
up bits of foam under the table legs and
I'm going to attempt to drag this table
into there I don't know if it's going to
work or not but we can give it a go here
we go right oh bloody ow well
yeah yeah I am NOT going to walk for
three days after that it looks awful and
I need to rearrange everything
I cannot believe how much we've just
achieved by myself like this is looking
sick I kind of got these design to go
above the table so they're pretty low so
what I'm gonna have to do is get an
electrician to come and shorten them but
for now I might just wrap all this up
and put a little like elastic band
around it just to make them we take one
of these and put that around it up there
let's see what we got in here oh yeah
we've got a little table I forgot about
that it looks like someone's peed on the
floor but I actually dropped a plant a
couple of vlogs ago maybe like a week or
two ago I filled this with office
furniture of mine this sofa that's so
far the table the rugs on the floor this
little thing this little thing I kind of
never put it back into my office so I
need to put this stuff back into my
office but I also don't have too much
room now because since this stuff left
will hide a new member of the team so we
added we added a desk we no longer have
space to this bloody squad on my level
get off you no longer now it's on my
other leg get up we no longer have space
for the sofas I don't even think we have
space for one so far anymore I've
measured the length of the sofas very
efficiently with my arms and I'm
currently attempted to carry one of the
carpets the rugs so this is what I love
my sofa and if I remember correctly it
was about this much longer than this
that literally could be perfect that
could be perfect all I can carry my sofa
all the way up there and it's just not
perfect
do I try and carry the sofa by myself
this may just be a bit too heavy for me
how am I going to feel bit lightheaded
I've managed to get it here I need to
get it in there I might just have a
little lie down for a minute I think I
just put my back take two if I didn't
vlog it did it even happen did it even
happen
I've gone delusional I'm going to ice to
try to fit this through this door
I mean they'd help if I opened it
through this door without chip and all
the paint off the walls and breaking the
place
if this doesn't fit here ah
I'm only gone I've got the bloody thing
stuck Oh No when in doubt have another
sip of water and try again
if you go into after a second tip of
water they'll take a third if you scale
could give your girlfriend another one
high-five we did it yeah
and we're done we're done guys and that
is it for the vlog I was absolutely
frazzled I was dead yesterday after
doing all of that by my septum the sofas
oh he helped me get the sofa through the
door but all of the carrying with the
moving the table of moving the desk sort
of tidying up the bloomin blow-up
challenge that Zoey and I did I was dead
yesterday forgotten my vlog I think I
fell asleep or something like 10 o'clock
like the last vlog lip in this video was
filmed at 9:30 and then I just came home
fell asleep so if you enjoyed the video
if you enjoyed the vlog go down below
give it a thumbs up let's see how many
we can possibly get go subscribe if
you're not already 70% of you watch
these videos are not subscribed please
if you do anything today
anything at all give the video a thumbs
up go down below subscribe and actually
if you do anything today you should do
something that makes you happy that's
what you should do also actually one
more thing that you should do is check
to see if you can come to mine Zoe's and
Joe's pop-up shop in London the details
are here on the screen now hopefully
we'll see you there we're going to be
hanging out at random times hanging out
with you guys serving you the brand new
PB sub live collaboration that's about
it I'll catch you soon good bye guys
okay
