I don't even know how to start this blog
this is this is crazy good morning guys
good morning how the heck are you doing
what you up to shall I eat an apple off
the tree sorry I'm just a bit hyper
today let me sit down let's have a chat
for a start
Alfie what the bloomin heck are you
wearing so I'm going to be honest this
isn't even start on the vlog this is not
even the start the vlog have already
started the vlog have already done
everything I'm simply sitting down here
to tell you the news that you've all
been waiting for
I kind of gave it away quite a lot in
yesterday's vlog when I've logged being
in Covent Garden in London with Jo
myself and Zoey and Jo have all
collaborated to release a ton of
exclusive merchandise but it's even
better than that I'm not going to show
you all of the stuff that's available
you're going to have to gradually see it
over time on my Instagram Zoey's
Instagram Jo's Instagram our merchandise
instagrams
the creator's store all over Twitter in
videos but the thing that's so special
about this release of merchandise is
that I cannot even explain that you've
seen how busy I've been in the vlogs
recently I have been working my butt off
with the team with Zoe and Jo with the
kwid store team in London to have a
physical shop for this release like we
have a physical shop in London in Covent
Garden that is going to be opened from
Wednesday like this Wednesday come in
Wednesday the 23rd into the 3rd of
September that entire time we are going
to have a physical real shop I'm going
to be there probably every single day
we're all like me so enjoy girly popping
in ad-hoc moments you guys can all go
there I'm getting too excited I don't
know there is so much cool stuff this is
just one of many things that are being
released there is but they don't have to
tell you there's iPhone cases there's
signed posters there's pop sockets
there's tote bags
there's t-shirts there's foodies the
free stickers they're sick bags the
venue's unlike it is literally going to
be crazy so if you can at all get
London from the 23rd like don't worry
there's loads of security and everything
like that so it's going to be good so
we're going to be safe pick your day
wisely you don't all have to come for
the first day it's going to be open 10
a.m. until 6 p.m. every single data set
from Sunday which is 10:00 to 4:00 and
this is the address on the screen now so
from Wednesday the 23rd until the 3rd of
September get your back down come to the
shop buy some that you might even bump
into one of us for more in there just
hanging out getting pictures chatting
with you guys serving you guys behind
the deals we've got friends behind the
tiller serving we got family behind the
till servant it's just going to be sick
like the kick out I can't even wait
until you can see what the shop looks
like the interior design that has been
going on in there the products the items
the the window vinyl that we've got all
the windows wrapped with the Omega it's
going to be it's just going to be savage
so that is the big release so it is the
moment that I can finally tell you that
we have a physical sug life and
pointlessblog merch collaboration if you
want to chat about it online the hashtag
we're using is SL x pv so get involved
come down to London book get your in to
get your flight your hotels
come down grab some merch be part of the
movement guys come down comes early show
your support come grab yourself some
merchandise after those dates you ain't
going to be able to get it ever again
ever ever again
anyways cut back to the normal vlog I
hope you guys are excited good morning
guys good morning how you doing I've
just got back from a little lunch trip
and a little shopping trip in Lewis with
Zoe and orange a backup Flamel Bakery my
favorite spot thank you I need try lasse
yeah thanks
just anyway I thank you there that one
very ruled it again I'm taking yeah no
we're just making friends with the table
next to us
they're just having their lunch molt
they're fighting over gone gone get that
get that be true get that just grabbing
some cakes for the girls back in the
office let's go
and one more there we go you're going to
pop these back in the car last we go for
a little walk
I've never seen a plant like this in my
life before this is called an air plant
where it doesn't need soil to grow
literally leave the plant like that and
then spray it with water every now and
again with same with these ones and look
at how you don't need any soil and
here's the little spritzer just heading
off to the office saw out a couple of
stuff have already edited the vlog today
already uploaded a vlog all scheduled
the garden has been trimmed all the
grass out and move my trampoline over so
it doesn't kill the glass which is good
hello he's so confused
aha workday is finished
me and Jo and Tesco's together because
apparently tonight
J is making very ni and yourself 11
these spinach pie is that right I don't
even know what this is going to look
like or anywhere spinach I'm trying to
think where do I normally get it to feed
Percy hmm oh this is this looks like a
freshly bad this is green K or spinach
as this spinach rainbow chard never
heard of that before
here we go we screwed three you will all
the greens for a month and it's like
turns out like this big off if you steam
that what we're looking for cumin cumin
cumin to on like this or seeds now
grounded fun to learn has everything
annoying J is cooking up all of the food
or the spinach and everything my job is
to do this thought I'd show you my job
is to squeeze with the water out the
spin agent between these two the most
efficient way is if I use my head so
I've got this earlier on which is called
molecule number 2 it is basically a
hooker aftershave or perfume whatever
you call air very this is I'm right in
saying this on it smells different on
different people it even smells
different on different people like
because it does and on your body or
different people smell it differently
depending on how your nose can pick it
up I don't know which way for basically
Zoey's was to smell this it's no
different to how J would smell and how I
live smell out which is risky buying
this because when you bind normal
perfume you like I like it most people
are going to like this is where it
becomes lethal as well but I'm I like
this and everyone else walking around me
or who works with me whatever is like
that smells awful no I mean it could be
like that
no it's Mesbah the nail polish I just
have bloody 70 quid a nail polish a lot
done this alone wrong oh I might because
I straight up my clothes
therefore it's up so ting the smell of
my clothes you might have to maybe you
have to do it on your skin because
obviously it's different smells
my birth you for the cheese these guys
are doing all the proper cooking I'm
sorry is making the starter butter is it
going to let that no it's in pastry oh
that looks amazing
no I think that looks good so this plant
we bought earlier on if any of the bits
fall off which they do when it gets
knocked about you're meant to just put
them back into the middle and they
regrow a set put on but when we had it
in the bag carrying at home quite a few
fell off so I've got this little pot
here that I'm going to fill with soil
and I'm going to plant these arms and
these little bits and hopefully grow a
new one of them in this little pot let's
go get some compost from the compost
bins at the bottom of the garden I
should just point out that I've also
switched back to the old g7x canon
camera because i mean i liked the other
one i did like it don't get me wrong
ah I know the gardener's put alder or
they cut grass on the top of our
recycling so I can't really oh my god
it's warm I'm gonna have to just steal
some soil from the floor I need like a
need like a little Spade or something
okay that should be all good as I said
I've switched back on to their the old
canon camera the little pocket-sized one
because the other one was cool and I did
like it I did like the quality but it
was just too big too big to carry around
like it is annoying that it didn't fit
in my pot if it bit in my pocket
yard still be using it was sick but it
was just too big to carry around those
just told me that I was meant to lift up
the front of the wooden panel and
therefore I could get to the bottom of
the compost didn't know that so now
we've got normal garden soil which will
hopefully perfectly do the job
if I'm going on this date debated there
we going to leave them all they're just
watered them I just wasn't going any of
that basically as I was just you know
the pastry layers which this looks like
paper it is actually history which is
waiting and watching the first piece is
with me the hardest am i it sounds like
it's like hear it boiling oh my gosh Wow
amazing and then we've got some quinoa
to master our input which is pre-made in
the back out right we'll send down to
either dinner is it good so good we're
watching lilo and stitch which is a film
that I've never actually seen before
then a howl because it was so hyped
about when it came out yeah
I was okay they cried and did yay but as
far as I never sought when I was like
babysitting or something you enjoying it
Zoey you watchin so I dropped Jay off to
the train station he's gonna back up to
London cause he's got work tomorrow
morning we're heading out bet is
midnight
both fell asleep on the sofa actually
all three of us fell asleep on the sofa
no Nala and that little boy no mate in
the morning
