good morning guys good morning how're
you doing
it is officially day one using this new
camera I still have not uploaded any
footage from it so I'm not sure how it's
looking or how it's sounding or anything
and today we've got a sick day we've got
a fun day plan we're off to London to
meet mr. Joe sugg to work on the secret
project it's going to be sick it's going
to be so so sick given that you get
breakfast I don't think I've ever shown
you this but this is what I have to do
twice a day look a graph ah I probably
should not be showing you so this is
basically my braces that I wear and this
is how I clean them and I clean them by
putting like this is what you're meant
to do putting them in denture cleaner
people who have fake teeth like when
they have all like something so indeed
that's what they used to clean nose but
I use that stuff to clean my braces
twice a day so now I've just got to wait
for that to do its thing it takes a
couple of minutes back to my bag up for
London I've got my laptop a jumper
laptop charger phone charger this camera
charger spare old camera in case this
run something happens to I don't know
it's new at everybody no my wallet my
keys I think that's everyday I think
that's everything I need
Oh actually I don't know if I need a big
photography camera for the photoshoot
fit my braces in we're ready to roll see
later goodbye farewell
have a nice day
Oh a slimming lock this is a blooming
lovely morning it is a lovely morning
let's get this day started let's get
going peeps just bought some good music
let's get pumped we've got a big old
busy day we've got a fun day ahead of us
mr. gore you need to wait here Oh God
open the slimming door I'm even leaving
the car on I haven't done one morning
bat blip oh no that would have given me
bad luck - the whole day if I hadn't
done that
hey yeah right now we can get going
let's get going guys I am officially the
king of all parking that is the tightest
space ever and your boy got in it
got it oh I mean it maybe it took me two
tries but I did it remember when I
stopped the parking so bad now in the
Savage
awesome thank you heading into London
now mr. net in the news lock the whole
time on the train just exported now
that's where arriving
you know I say always the front of the
tractor literally as close to the front
as possible always taking the stairs
guys you know the drill and I beat you
all good job guys good job take those
says
so you said to Joe that would meet him
in Chelsea he has told us to come to
watch this called Peter John Peter Jones
which is basically Debenhams is that
right it is definite on earth John Lewis
not their names as John Lewis he's got
no phone signal isn't answering his
phone and this is the size of the place
that he sent us to to find him
here he is here he is or you only sent
us the bloody biggest shot they have
these people are winning that is what we
need for me it all seems to jump over
chug of hemorrhoid Joe here's your one
man you stand up in the front cross I
pedal doing that the particular size had
a conic boy this is what we need for the
photo shoot
cheeky little Ashley I can't film me or
Joe how's it going basically shooting
the top-secret project we're off for a
meeting to do with the top-secret
project as well yeah and then after
you'll apply miss Lee's II know he needs
a thumbnail it's a little bit later we
finished up the photo shoot and we are
somewhere very specifically but very
tiny exciting weekly if you're not
laughter you want it in just do it bill
is very little ah look at them go on get
in there get in there what are you
making me blog basically we're somewhere
super exciting it's just to do with the
exciting project but still not allowed
to say what it is we're allowed to we're
going to announce it at 5 p.m. is this
right and Friday
yes 5 p.m. on Friday I'm going to
announce what is going on what we've
been talking about the entire time you
explained in my vlog vlog molecule bug
hey hello
right I'm going to bring you guys inside
this is which is where we are this this
is not on Noah pop and that is I'm going
to give you guys a little hint let's go
down here I wish I could tell them what
is going on what we've been planning
very soon this is the basement this is
the downstairs this is going to be so
cold oh my god
you are going to Rheingold or you go
this that's what you're staying mate up
in there very well this battle with you
finished up at that spot and we're now
just walking around trying to find a
place the drilling to me yesterday to go
and play darts whilst getting food yeah
only notice five yeah basically it's
like electronic dark whilst being a bar
whilst being a restaurant I've heard and
I'm not too sure yeah it looks really
cool basically and they've got a little
video on their website that makes you
look like a kind of fun yeah I thought
this is cool man good ciao good shower
I'm in London
yes maybe no video this is stupid
hahaha we're going to take two minutes
maximum I leave in our let you go again
yes again also feeling really good for
competitive people you want to say the
killer pizza will give you whatever they
should show like that so this is
literally of that I'm going to upload my
blog so I am I not filming this first
shot up here
Oh as there are even ago he worked is
laughing OH
14 done oh it definitely took a macho
food site arrived in all this stuff
tons of stuff over there as well thank
you
better
he's a savage driving with the door
walking open the train station I need a
wee honestly about 14 out of 10 right
now I don't know what to do just rung as
I eat if she could pick me up but she's
not around she's actually with her dad
at the moment legit might work myself
just thought I'd check in check into the
blog let you guys know because this is
what I do love my life and let you know
what I'm about to end up apparently so
the one thing that I've been wanting to
do since been on the train other than
going for Wii which I've now done in
case you're wondering and there is
there's no better feeling than when you
really need a wee and then you finally
go for a wee that's just one thing I'm
going to say the next thing the actual
thing to why I'm vlogging now is to sit
down and read through the comments on
the new blog because I love to read my
comments on my vlogs like I promise you
I do actually take the time to sit down
and read the comments on each and every
dog I see my new subscribers I see the
people that like before watching every
single day they are part of Team L V W
the LBW squads LBW gang I see you guys I
see you analysis are you guys you just
leave lovely comments every single day
so I'm just taking the time to read
Sophie McDonald Alfie if you have no
power then how are your lights on ah
that is a fair point there was no power
to the plug sockets and the walls there
was power to the lights though your
vlogs are from Noah are you coming
through my vlogs loads of times no I see
you all the time your vlogs Alex you my
life right now I wandering to do at a
sauce hole for me is oh he's going to
order me tons of clothes that she would
like me to wear from ASOS and I don't
know what she's ordering and then we're
going to sit down to an a so school
together for this blog so if you excite
for that let me know down below so I
said I'll be buying some weirdest things
I do I don't know whether the little
thing is if you saw yesterday's build
you'll know that I bought this which is
basically a clock that has my live
subscriber counts every single time one
of you guys subscribe if you're not
already subscribed
down below hit the subscribe button it
takes one second and 70% of the people
that watch these videos don't bother do
it it's a literary scroll down now click
the little subscribe button and on here
once I've got it working and I tried to
get it working yesterday but for some
reason this is that I need to change
some configuration settings on my Wi-Fi
or on the actual route de says I need to
allow something and then and then this
little clock is going to have the little
YouTube logo and my live subscriber
counts literally right next to my bed
every single time you guys subscribe it
will go ding ping me and the numbers
will go up which is going to be sick I'm
just going to sit down for a little bit
read through the comments reply to some
of you Zoey and Isla currently out in
Zoey's dad's new car he got a new car
recently an Audi TT very very fancy cars
really really nice sleds out about
driving enjoying the nice weather and
all I want to do is just like chill on
the laptop reprise some of you guys chat
some of you guys via Twitter and stuff
and then and watch some YouTube videos
because I've been non-stop all day photo
shoot and writer and photo shoot in
London viewing the exciting space that I
can't tell you much about then playing
darts never how sick was that darts
place by the way my electronic game of
darts like if I could buy a dartboard
like that down I'll definitely object
lenders would every day
I'm currently laying in bed editing the
vlog that you are watching and I
realized that didn't even end it my last
clip I said I'm just going to chill out
I'm going to lay on the bed this is how
I'm feeling I'm going to read some of
the comments I'm going to reply to some
of your covers amid chapter you guys on
Twitter and stuff like that and then I
didn't end up filming anything else
because I literally just did that and I
fell asleep last night 10 p.m. that is I
could all-time low for me or not low
it's not a bad thing so I can all-time
early for me fell asleep at 10 p.m. so
if you enjoyed the vlog I didn't get to
say give it a thumbs up subscribe if
you're new around here I leave a link
down below into my merchandise if you
want to go grab a knee and I will catch
ya tomorrow I hope you're excited for me
for the secret project I'm just as I
said editing the vlog I hope I didn't
give too much away thinking I may have
given too much away Friday is the big
release day of the
secret projects it's going to be crazy
it is going to be crazy from the UK you
are in for a treat
I'm going to throw one more thing out
there and just so make sure you are free
next week and the week after does he
live in the UK or you can get to the UK
house what I said that's what I said
I'll catch it you are good
