little bit of a late start to the vlog
today guys it's currently 12 o'clock and
at the moment we have 10 people work in
the house we have like four electricians
very conservative people another
specialist electrician contractor
another electrician like so many people
today working on the house side
I can't believe log too much the moment
if I start talking to this come to much
they're going to think a weird right you
ready do not get my messy bed like a
burden or exactly really hot
well then you need to put it in good
morning guys good morning hope you're
doing well I'm going to vlog much as I
as you've just seen because we've had
some sleep in the house everyone
analysis on their lunch break so I
thought I would go through some packages
that arrived this morning this one is so
exciting our big old Ellen are tending
hmm Oh starting off with some shoes
these are brand new like the other day
you know the world I know they've all I
have to charity one of my current pairs
pairs of shoes although do you know I've
realized like since you've been here
you've got a lot of new shoes you know
I've realized harity Danny you earn more
shoes than me look at this they're
really cool I like them these are the
new fro shoes thank our lipstick on me
yeah I really like those here not the
other day we go through this we should
go to this one this little one so this I
bought which I'm so excited about you're
going to be like you're an idiot
it's the clock yeah that so it's a clock
you can have instead of the time the
YouTube logo and your live subscriber
count' nicer it takes over every time
one of you guys press the subscribe
button you like seeing the subscribers
go up it turns into an app how'd you
hear about that just saw it online the
house exact that social and digital
metrics this goes live
i but how do you like put your maybe you
have to put the USB into a computer no
we do it from one hat yes I don't like
the app we currently have no power in
the house the electrician's have gone
for lunch as I just said so I kind of
can't plug it into the wall but time on
now it might have battery no I like to
show you that later on once we got the
power back one that's exciting
if exciting should like you do boxing
this is after all the unboxing today Wow
oh my god you actually just hit yourself
perfect why are you ripping everything
off the top this is not how we do
unboxing you know what little bit open
the box rip it to pieces that's good too
how dark is it how do our dress on that
I didn't want it to be the video right
sorry can I pick something out yeah you
pick up I need to keep that carriage
return anything
I like pelicans yep although not my
favorite color on you I say no I like
that color nice on yourself no no you
just like oh I got another pair shoes I
just remembered it is our B favorite
color to wear but this is my least
favorite color on houses the girl
massive is neck so the good life I like
that which is nice baggy jumper yeah
lovely shut up
I didn't like it I enjoy doing something
no I'm not that kind of so this is guess
whose eyes these are okay okay I love
games like this hold it further back
right whose eyes are these oh it's
easier in that Kendall's
no not kind of you ll be proudly
really nice that's just a big old video
I didn't even come to rise on it I
really like that do you ready for this
one Oliver what is that some citizens
merch
The Simpsons was on the side it's like a
collaboration with something no I don't
so it might be cool
you bet plain once you hit machines no
you don't worry I want to look at that
is that I know these are just plain
t-shirt yeah plain blue t-shirt would I
maybe you so it was black oh no I love
that color oh it's not plain
oh no down the side oh my god colors
down the side very soft filler mmm yeah
brick is dark smells good as well that
feels so soft cotton cotton very very
soft this is I believe just a plain
white t-shirt oversized um what on earth
yeah they're cool you have in there gold
are these like like old school
attractive I actually do you think these
are
I think they're really cool yeah I'm
going to put it on today if you've been
watching the vlogs for a couple of
months at least you'll know that my blue
bear jeans that I so love I got bored
one day just cut them into shorts
I won't say yeah you're like this yeah
sorry sport pair that will actually
actually shows now these shoes the I
don't I don't know I don't know
everything they look good you're going
to laugh so much when you open them
you're going up so much good you open
them next we open them and I try to
guess what they are that yeah but what
kind of bands they're special you ready
wait can I put them in your hand you
close your eyes and let me bit preparing
your heart lastly I really want to do an
acyl shot see you right right Thank You
rose you ready go I don't hate them you
know that cool anything thrown velcro
shoes there beyond our wing about seven
very bad quite like them either they're
going to be sick let me try it on let me
take my I quite like them all if you
didn't say I didn't a soft shot there's
over the other day on a description on
her main youtube channel
look at that I play
outgo in my shoes my life to melt on my
shoes this is going to be like when web
kids kind of thing doing the shoes look
wrong she no don't do it that toy every
time you can't be that uncle you've got
never hanging over the edge sorry you
just have to have a look fit perfect oh
oh no that's a bit wonky so you ain't
going to be doing the kid shoes you
can't be that precise velcro van it
really good with these socks what what I
like them I think they're cool actually
like velcro shoes coming back acting
like bright colors oh really
no like proper old school vans let them
velcro I hear what that's the end of our
the end of our experience what was your
favorite item my favorite item is I
think Elvis Presley I today oh man the
clock all the clock yeah that's right I
didn't even know that existed if it's
good I want to get three so I can have
one for each channel are you can have it
in your office or next your best like it
was like in a power alright my vlog
channel going up my gaming um up with
bow channel losing subscribers because I
don't upload on them no no yeah I like I
need to get over to the office I've got
a photo shoot you know shaving off for
today literally couldn't care less
you've got photo shoot second half of
the day sorry for the exciting project
the secret project
ah I don't know I'm having it yet I've
got the person who's taking the pictures
is planning locations and stuff the
sequel project is still happening
I know haven't spoken about it much in
blogs I don't when we can tell people I
feel like we can tell people in
tomorrow's vlog because me and Joel in
London tomorrow working on the secret
project together so you're very wrong
again
so why don't you mention it then
tomorrow so I feel like tomorrow's vlog
you're going to be able to know about
the secret project do you think yeah
yeah I mean I think so why not
I can't just spent the last half an hour
making the lunch for me that you saw and
then Zoey a separate lunch haven't got
time to eat mine
I'm off to a meeting very very exciting
meeting you know I thought that I how
professional is of me to wear these to
my meeting that I'm doing it Oh lemon L
in a bush so this is where my meeting is
today part cameras exciting stuff guys
looking at a new camera setup well it's
one huge awesome thank you so much right
back home and I can finally eat the
biggest bowl of pasta in the entire
world oh my gosh I'm so excited
I literally just bought from Park cam is
the best camera shop in the entire world
who I just had a super successful
meeting with about just not so much like
working together they obviously they
obviously watch the vlogs and have said
that when I pop in that they get tons of
people going by and saying hi to them
and said I've been in and checking out
their cameras and stuff which is great
for them because they're a great company
with amazing products and an amazing
team and obviously they've got tons of
canvas and drones and lenses and tripods
and everything that that I could ever
want so they're also being nice to me so
they gave me a good discount today which
is very nice of them and I bought a very
awesome camera setup it's going to be
the best
that's a filter for on the end of the
lens it is a very important moment we
are about to try the morning not so
morning more so evening backflip with
the new camera
I don't know how this is if work I'm a
little bit scared because this camera is
so expensive on the end of the tripod
man if this goes wrong I'm ready to hold
of to hand oh my god okay what you'll
get you like you're good we still okay
you okay
all right let's try another one just go
what so I've been hearing a noise for
the last like five minutes this is so
sad
there's a dragonfly stuck in my
trampoline oh no that is awful oh no I
need to go and try and get something to
help out what the heck I'm gonna try my
deals don't worry I'm not gonna have to
stuff like this makes me so sad yeah I
can't push it through because if its
wings needs to come back out this way
it's okay little guy it's okay it's okay
this makes me so sad they're now going
to life to cut my trampoline oh I did it
I did it
let's try the way oh my gosh oh my gosh
okay well that was exciting for the new
camera for the Minette that was the
biggest dragon fly I've ever seen
so in knowledge em have got me from the
office this evening you did you came
with letters me from what like when I
was younger my mummy still I
occasionally pick myself up from the
train station
haha instead of dead get in the train
home tonight you go pick them up from
the train station that's nice surprise
that's what that's what it's night you
care about me from work I just happen to
work next door what are you doing Missy
you playing with the Flyers there's a
couple of Flyers that you can see it now
they keep on playing with Nala and she's
just chasing them everywhere I think
they think it's all fun and games but
nah let's just trying to eat them what
is it what is it yesterday I feel like
the last couple of days and the vlogs
haven't been haven't been the best blog
so I'm not going to lie and I do do want
you to know that they are fully gonna
step up they are going to get a lot
better they were going to get back to
normal
I've just been sorting out terms
meetings interviews about anything so
now you know why I've until now I just
can't tell these guys yet what I've been
sowing out and so on had tons of
interviews and tons of meetings about
hiring potential new people to join the
team to make everything I do easier and
better so that I can spend more time
just on the videos because so much of my
time has been not making videos yet only
everything is really possible because of
the videos so it's kind of a really hard
balance where I want to spend one time
making videos with
I can't do anything exciting in the
future because I don't have a big enough
team to get everything done so we're
trying to expand the team and hire hire
a few more people and stuff
ideally I think we're going to go to
like six people including me and my PA
then maybe the six was at five I don't
know we're going to hire a few more
people and stuff to make everything
basically so that I can spend all my
time making videos that's the goal
because I just want to be out there
every single day making fun vlogs doing
fun videos brew launching points blog we
know it's in the gaming channel but to
hire those people to be able to make
that possible the vlogs are taking a
little bit of a hit over the last couple
of days tomorrow I've got like crazy
exciting day in London with Joe also let
me know what you think of this new
camera because I had no idea what I'm
doing it might need to hold it here
money hold it here money Don it here I I
don't know
I still need I certainly tweak the audio
and tweak some little bits and stuff but
I'm I'm liking it so far do you know
what you've loved me doing you know
quickly and now you're washing your
hands no no no why down to penis
I don't always sit down to be I find I
am really talking you my nipple yeah I
didn't mean to guys the other day I've
logged Zoe's me five years and he's
never done it I left Zoe's nipple in the
vlog the other day and give you guys
it's so it's like I blurred it all in
everything so it's not there anymore you
guys did an amazing job at letting me
know without spreading the word so that
more people know so I owe it to you guys
for so let me know and telling me and a
couple of other youtubers like Josh's I
go DM me laughter you do realize the
reason if it was in the vlog right and I
was like this mark text me like
literally 10 minutes after you've logged
up like hey I think you've had an a nip
flash in our freeze vlog and I really
was joking dude haha rock yeah that's
funny and he was like no really yeah and
then I look she gave Alvey the face so
yeah
so I kind of left that in the other day
that was a mistake but Zoe put in a clip
today in her vlogs it just got out of me
of me washing my hands but everyone
thinks but I'm Pete
because I'm standing up in the bathroom
facing the other way
fun fact like they said I actually sit
down probably 70% of the time ago for a
we probably just all the time ago for
the we at home I don't sit down when I'm
out in public or stand up but I just
find it more comfortable you know it's
just more lazy it means I can go on my
phone whilst I'm weird I do what I'm
saying so it's just made dinner which is
pasta tons of veg cheese and country
onions and we're about to about to watch
to the bone which I've wanted to watch
wanted to watch this for quite a while
but we've never got around to watching
it and this is Lily Collins Netflix
original movie hmm
this movie isn't it's not like a serious
to move equal to the bottom which is
about her character having an eating
disorder I don't know which eating
disorder but I've seen like trailers and
images and stuff and it looks like I
think it's amazing and then after I did
a diet now I'm happy never loved me
