you could kind of classify this video as
more like an update video than a daily
vlog which is what you're used to on
this channel but today we're switching
things up this is an update on two
different things that have been
happening in my life today and yesterday
kicking it off with what happened today
something that I've spoken about a lot
in these vlogs and then I am like beyond
excited to be able to show you and to be
able to experience myself today with
Zoey I've spoken about this new company
and this new office quite a bit it's
happening it's coming it's launching we
are moving into the office at the end of
the month Zoey and I have I don't know
how much we've spoken at the office
itself I think I told you I'm pretty
sure I told you that we've got our
office and it's kind of being worked on
all renovated long story short we found
the dream office space the only issue is
that it had blue carpets super low
ceilings boring desks just really really
typical like business II work II office
that is the opposite of the space that
we want to be working in with our teams
so we've had the whole place renovated
all done or is currently in the process
all being done up and today was the
first day since the building had started
that Zoey and I went along to to check
it out so there's a big day all of the
builders were there we had somebody
showing us around obviously health and
safety wise we can't just be walking
around a building site in case something
like fell on our heads or something so I
don't think I spoke too much when we
were walking around but of course I did
bring my camera and I am shot some
little clips to show you guys so enjoy
it's gonna be got super super excited
stuff happen in the office I just can't
wait I'm gonna go there once a week it's
the kind of thing where I want to go
every single day and I want to find out
every single update that is going on
with it but I also don't want to like go
and I don't want to go too much I don't
want to over killer I just want to go
once a week and I'll see like big
changes every time I go that's the first
exciting thing happening the second
exciting thing that happened which was
in fact yesterday of course the cottage
project Brenda's cottage has been going
on over the last three videos of mine on
this channel and there was never ever a
winner
the official adjudicator didn't go in
and pick who won the challenge between
me and Dave we went last night the
adjudicator came things got very very
serious and a winner when it was picked
it's the big moment the moment of truth
to find out the truth will be on my side
I haven't seen in your room today let's
quickly show you the kitchen how blitz
and tidy it is it is looking fantastic
amazing let's go before we go in today
out of 100 Wow and then we're gonna
scored a jolly good we also have to take
into consideration budget I might spend
I think a total have been serious I
think it was 350 maybe for longer but I
think it's about 350 I think one of the
ones has to be important is like
Brenda's originality like keeping
Brenda's soul yes because we could just
reduce that kind of thing okay so that
can be 30 in price computer value for
money
yes Willis list okay okay the official
dude caters here she's doing her work
just remember I'm your boyfriend
oh my god guys Dave's oh I tried so hard
to get rid of that to go but not yet so
take it out of ten
yeah oh we're not out to see he's
executed your orders perfectly ah
Zoey has arrived into the next room
these slippers work for you no you're
welcome to oh thank you and if you
wanted a glass of Prosecco ah it's got
them all on the walls baby boy very very
i rewired a USB phone's charging I know
you like to charge your phone whilst
you're saying I want to so far okay hey
okay yeah
I've given our fee I'm ASA and 800 so
let me painted the tiles I'm giving Dave
a seven because you didn't really add
any furniture
apart from this at a point quick giving
you a five measly six Oh
a few thousand eight Oh weren't yourself
yeah anything and I've given us seven
come on oh because you did get the can
dog be for Brenda yeah one so that's
like coziness and actual like the vibe
I've given you a nine day thank you yes
candles very nice
I'm giving you a seven oh not happy with
that is not bad considering it's
freezing in there I really like tech
like that we change light eight days yes
go on
okay I do you think adding any USB is
pretty small thank you I'll giving you a
seven if you change my life deck or
giving you an eight days tonight thank
you I like much as you've added unlike
that you've put the paintings up thank
you and the candles and the little plant
and the little for one of a better word
price so for the price you paid and what
you've achieved within that right
giving you a seven-day thank you Alfie
I've given you an eight-oh overall
school was this outstanding this without
30 and then the total and then the
choice you are having yeah so overall
what I think has a 23 thank you a solid
25 this is close who do you think guys I
don't think the numbers are good I think
you win by two or something yeah I think
you get something like a 75 Dave overall
score is 75 out of 100 yeah that's good
Sean Sean my own at the moment so II am
asked but what's he doing down here
he's just bathing out Sean
why is he got a funny mask on his face
what do you think of Sean's run good
well hey sir and that's both of the
updates that I've got for you today
tomorrow is a super exciting vlog
like seriously exciting I'm going to
waking up at like 6:00 or 7:00 a.m. to
start prepping and doing it all so I'll
see you tomorrow I hope you've enjoyed
this little update video if you did give
it a thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already all of the blue hoodies with the
box logo sold out so I hope you enjoyed
them if you've got one
congratulations they saw that super
super quick and remember every single
month on
first of every month there's going to be
new merchandise me and dropped right
I'll catch you tomorrow
see that
