I am running late this morning however
it would be silly if I want to do a
morning that blip probably just broke my
laptop on my bag good morning guys good
morning how you doing hope you'll having
a lovely day today I'm off to do a
couple of exciting things number one no
way the song of all songs has come on oh
yeah yeah ah to meet up with my V a sort
some things out then we are interviewing
somebody for a potential new role at the
company then we are meeting up with
somebody else then we're interviewing
someone else for another new potential
role at the cotton economy I want this
to early third one meeting went
incredibly well just sat down for a half
an hour planning session before my next
meeting and I've just checked my phone
and one of the two people that are
coming today I've accidentally told to
come tomorrow at 11:30 instead of today
at 11:30 so I just have to text them now
being like I've messed up is there any
chance you can you can be around even
for a Skype call today yeah haha why
have I done this this is so typical if
it tomorrow
11:30 oh yes phone charger my friends
also has a charge last time attention a
market salad the only reason we've
ordered some lunch we've got a good
variety and we've got one more dish
coming as well hey stop it is 10 minutes
to 3:00 in the afternoon is finally time
to head home I've got to edit the vlog
upload the vlog before 4:00 p.m. if
that's even possible jump on a meeting
from 4:00 till 5:00 then I'm free for
two hours then I get my haircut 7:00
till 8:00 today man
today is busy half an hour of quickly
reply to emails and then the workday is
done just half an hour are you ready
the guys though his peer box got
delivered to my office today for some
reason there's been like five of these
and this who's this from Too Faced
glitter I don't even know someone has
sent sorry this package I know this
one's way heavier feel like Santa Claus
I leave anything so you show me the
craziest thing like it's actually really
creepy isn't that it looks like so
basically I don't if you guys can even
see on the camera but all of these are
flying amps on the roof of our
conservatory like nothing on any of the
windows just on the outside on the roof
look at that that is disgusting yeah
they're not here either
it's just there like all over it do you
know what it looks like we're keeping
the dead body in the house and they were
trying to get in to eat the dead body
doesn't that is really weird we were
very good tonight
yeah let's do that mark here as well by
the way guys we had your hair cut
oh wait I just remember something I
can't go with you to go and get food now
and get my hair cut I'm not seven
o'clock so we go that's lucky I said I
was literally just about to leave to go
to Waitrose with zoe mark to go and get
some pizza bases because we're going to
make pizzas tonight for dinner but
between 7:00 and 8:00 o'clock my
hairdress let's get in here to cut my
hair so I probably shouldn't go obvious
is err I mean I've got 25 which like let
me check them to see what time is going
to get here where I've come out to wait
throws turns that I do have time to come
out to wait shows so we're buying the
stuff at the pizzas what you guys
haven't on top of that I'm going to
cheese and meat cheese
anjali onion mollies amicus for an
tomato we have we got a lots of that
tomato paste stuff so a much a puree
that's the boy yeah that yeah that's the
one I think we got everything except
from the frozen dough or how long does
it take to unfreeze dough and my um
fries I mean defrost yes they do so we
bought everything else other than dough
how about we just make me place
yeah that's not fun why don't we just
make some I've like flour and water
we'll have time delay the test go but we
run the time to get away to it unless
you guys drop me home and then you go
and I get my hair cut wash you're gone
well let's just get paying for this
whilst we decide oh well that was a big
ol fail
dami hello to things everybody number
one I've got my braces in can you
believe that I've literally had my
braces in bite see three things I've had
my braces in all day I'm so proud of
myself
number two and it's always a shopping
away that we just thought well actually
most of it so he bought them in battle
plant most of it is for tonight and
number three is I don't know how to get
my hair cut I don't know whether like is
so long look at that the guy long it is
at the moment so I don't know whether to
just go screw it and go short or don't
know just get a little trim or light
it's currently it's currently insane
like it's just too much
my camera died whilst I was get my
haircut
there's it's all finished alt writings
in the way there we go much shorter much
more manageable
while starts getting my mock trim up
trim these guys ready to go and gap is
that not until you get sore my friend
who you get sore another is time not be
until you get sore smack side til you
get sore
what are they snack in it's above all
the bumhole monkey the actual whole you
ready guys swing have you got washing
hands yeah that's the good thing guys
yeah but I've got a rolling pin uh-huh I
haven't got one I'm going to go and find
I'm going to go find a household utensil
that I can use as a rolling pin all I
could use this Zoey what this part nice
posture Zoey's is savage marks is a
different kind of savage yeah yours is
the real meaning of savage the object ed
I'm joking so good what it was like yeah
the shape of it doesn't mean anything
no nice this actually looks incredible
though mine looks the worst mine squat
work hard bits on there right I'm often
her to be honest popular station knife
later
Luther see you in a minute oh there she
is
overtopping station here we go mine
looks kind of like a pancake
sorry just yours look incredible my I
felt much a little bit thin yeah we
always make this but then when you
actually cook them they're so much nicer
whenever I really happy I'm so happy
apply the draw yours looks both yours
look really good is I mean let's be real
you're going to take ages cook you
should be good underneath the cheese too
late now Oh mine is pizza base tomato
cheese more cheese more cheese and beans
mine is mozzarella and mascarpone torn
basil tomatoes mmm tau and not rather
ready mushroom anchovies olives trip
size cheese both cheese Parmesan smart
anything you know you can accomplish
there in Jamal Emmet also iijima it
isn't it and the tar oh yeah well the
nice thing is it energy mine isn't doing
too well what I mean it is but it just I
think it's done it just looks quite so
it looks unbelievable Oh marks looks
unbelievable I think yourselves actually
really good yours is a very manageable
size feel like I overdid it about
although we went the same sized Oh Oh
lemon Air Corps had done time to taste
the taste test
oh just sat down to watch a horror film
what's it called war what's happening to
him
a case of wellness this is actually what
you guys like pitching oh that's a heart
attack
oh yeah it is
oh no he just gave me so much passed
away what is it hon find elizacass our
ecological horror we should generally
the best one yeah
this music is creepy as hell okay
look outside a cure for wellness cool TV
screen yo that is a cool shot I love
that if I'm on a roller coaster
no no idea why to walk touchdown I have
no idea what the time is either
musics kind of like Harry Potter vibes
no it's not midnight
that film was 2 hours 20 minutes I
couldn't tell you what I mean
there's too much stuff going on I feel
like whoever came up with the ideas for
that film sort of 2 million different
ideas to put into one movie like don't
you wrong I did like it
definitely would not watch you again
yeah I liked how it was filmed whoever
directed it was awesome I may or may not
fall asleep on the sofa
halfway through Marc may or may not have
left I fell asleep at 20 minutes
Marc left off with very had to go home
because he was getting so tired he was a
first any longer won't be safe me
driving they went and left home left
home Glenn k9 guys I'm tired this is a
representation of how I feel right now
did you bring her up should get a bit
machine she's so cute the good character
of you Oh sleepy Hey she was quite big
we can imagine let me get in that chin
times go I kind of miss speak I was
going to say time to go back to sleep
because I've already been asleep once
tonight on the sofa so if that's so far
I can't I give up I give up if you've
enjoyed the dog give it a thumbs up
subscribe I don't like you watching me
like subscribe if you're not ready guys
give the video a thumbs up let me know
down below if you're in there like for
watching gang catch it tomorrow
dying to hear my sleep
