good morning guys good morning how you
doing
today is a beautiful day like it's
absolutely ridiculous if you saw
yesterday's vlog then you'll know that
we're at my friend Dave's land and there
was like a big bonfire kind of thing and
tons of people playing like piano and
playing guitar and it's just super super
relaxed I wanted to sit down this
morning and chat to you about something
that I've come to realize over the last
couple of weeks that have never really
thought about before just because it's
so normal for me
the people that I surround myself with
and my friends and my family is well
included are so bloody awesome like they
don't know there's so much ambition and
so much Drive and they're making their
dreams become a reality and it's simple
and it's easy for me to like look at the
people around me and almost see that was
like the norm that people are really
pursuing their dreams and it's been like
a real eye-opener recently to realize
how lucky I am to be surrounded by these
these people in my life because not
everybody chases their dreams and it
sounds so stupid and there are people
out there in life who are happy to just
help somebody else build their dreams
but that's that's not that's not who
I've ever been that's not who I've ever
wanted to be I've always wanted to be
somebody that that makes the ideas that
I have in my head
become a reality and actually happen
and the vast majority of people that I
hang out with are the exact same I'm not
even going to bother trying a list
because you guys know how successful so
many of my friends and family are it is
inspiring it is incredible but I just
wanted to to take a moment just to chat
about that because I know I say a lot in
videos and stuff but if you want
something life if you have an idea if
you have a passion if you absolutely
love music
please like if there's one thing you
ever take from watching all of my videos
we'll just this one vlog or whatever
video it is the one idea the one thing
that I want to push onto all of you
millions of people that watch these
videos is go out there and make your
dreams become a reality because if
you're not working towards building your
own dream you're just going to be
working towards building somebody else's
dream and that's cool and that trust me
that is absolutely fine if that's what
you want to do awesome but if you have
like a burning passion like a dream that
you want to you want to become a reality
blow to your nine-to-five job through
those 95 hours but every single hour
outside of that as soon as it's 501 as
soon as you finish work put every minute
every second every bit of your energy
even if you have to pull late-night errs
even if you have to pull all-nighters
even if you have to wake up an hour
earlier every single day before work and
I know I'm saying I'm saying this from a
very very fortunate position where my my
dream job is my job I know that and I
know it's easier said than done but if
you just grind and grind and grind and
put the time in something will happen
love is barking at me do you agree with
me buzz do you agree you claim with his
new little pizza toy I don't really know
how I wanted to end this little spiel
and I've also got to gotta round it up
in the second of where's my cereals
going to soak up all of my milk and then
I'm just going to have like a straw gee
well I'm lump for breakfast but but like
I said it's I've only just realized that
over the last couple of weeks that I'm
so lucky to have the people around me
that I do because they all are so
inspiring and make make their dreams and
their visions and their goals become a
reality and they work their butts off to
do that and you can do that to nobody
around you might be doing that nobody
around you might be interested in doing
that but that doesn't matter because
it's your life you've got to go live it
go bloom and do whatever you want to do
and I see too many people online who are
absolutely hating their jobs but not
doing anything about it to be able to
hopefully one day have a job that they
do love and that battle
me because in my mindset I'm like I've
always worked word towards what I want
to do why aren't they doing that but
maybe it's just because they're people
they're around the way in which they've
been brought up and everything hasn't
allowed you to think that it is possible
but I'm telling you now it is possible
you can do what you bloody want you can
get the job that you want you can if
someone else can do it why can't you
it's as simple as that
if they can do it so can you we just
come out for a Sunday lunch oh my gosh
thanks so much this is the goal for a
Sunday Linda Lavin boy you can't even
see because the sun is shining so bright
outside nice being with is really diva
awesome thank you be careful that - no
three hearts forever no that's better
thank you so much you can't see me very
welcome son we've been told that this
place has the best roast dinner in
Sussex types of services poppy returns
and B so we're going to judge it today
yeah we are actually doing them so it's
basically made a list of everywhere
within a 20-mile radius of our house but
it us and the does how many preschoolers
ah number those blindingly when am I in
oh yeah me then
we're going to go to Utah mom I know in
Italy I attended our photos to come back
to America this is our favorite Suzy
cauliflower for dessert we've got warm
chocolate brownie crumble and banoffee
pie and also we've moved outside if you
wonder what why we're sitting around
another table in us because it was so
sunny and so high inside then you can go
to places everyone just lost oh really
okay juggies hey you mean you see piggy
hey dougie hey hey hey $3.99 Helmand
both sleeping on the bed watch what I'm
about to do to your boyfriend right
you're done Bobby quick your boyfriend's
lost the plot I know can you help me are
you Ray awesome and your booking Oh
oh hey there's something in your bowl
oh I don't know what's going searing
fuzzy hot wrong what do they do
in Italy like giant bubbles and it's
like
no no get one involved yes best non non
non with a bit my I don't buy one of
these and try that well though you can
rent these and like try them on the
water and stuff like that is actually
like a professional thing but don't buy
them and do it in your garden like me
just a couple of hours later poppy and
Sean have gone home
fuzzy boy on are both in bed with Zoe
and I'm about to run myself a bath it's
Sunday night just Billy just been
chilling just relaxing and watches the
YouTube videos ordered some new clothes
online order 10 new items which which
always scares me because I like to try
things on and almost you can ordered
online you can't even feel anything let
alone try on them and see the shape of
it a fear that the size of that so I
normally are not returning most of the
things I buy online but tonight we've
got slapped into it and end up ordering
10 new things and one of the things that
I ordered but I don't know why I was
just like these are such a throwback I
have to get some and no you're going to
laugh some velcro shoes they're a
caravan that are blooming velcro like
some velcro vans oh crap still not used
to the spot yet
this is what I want for latte oh my god
skimmed all the lights lit some candles
the bubbles are crazy
every time I decide to the bar I think
I'm going to enjoy it and then I'd end
up like this absolutely sweating out all
over them too hot I need to get a shower
you sleepy
you sleepy as well how we both ended up
on the bed
