good morning good morning how you dead
hope you guys are having a lovely day
today has been crazy it is not the
morning for me I kicked off hanging out
of a couple of friends but I didn't left
it off camera just spent time with him
on the trampoline playing table tennis
messing about for a little bit just
about two hours we had tons of builders
arriving at the house today to try and
fix and paint little bits and stuff like
that at 7:30
as you saw yesterday's well we went to
bed at 3:00 a.m. so I didn't get much
sleep last night did a help so energetic
right now after hanging out my friends I
headed over here to the office sort out
some stuff in my pa planning the big
exciting project as you guys know I can
now say that it is worldwide but also
particularly happening in London so make
sure you are availa I'm not allowed to
say that I don't know I got my absolute
but kicked by my dentist because I do
not wear if you don't know I wear these
like see-through braces basically like
this and they go my teeth and you can't
really see them you can't really tell
but I don't wear them enough I meant to
wear them like between 20 and 22 hours a
day and realistically I probably wear
them about eight hours a day which is
not enough so my teeth aren't getting
any straighter so he made me go back a
couple of sets we ordered some new sets
we've sorted all out it is good however
I do need to start wearing these all of
the time which I'm going to do from now
I wasn't just not going to get stretchy
so it doesn't really affect anyone else
other than me there's no point you're
not wearing them because it just means
my teeth aren't going to get straight
I'm about to get my ass kicked on my
dentists perform so much I just got my
butt kicked in the dentist by literally
my butt kicked in the dentist for not
have my braces enough promised him that
this time this time is going to be his
final time after the dentist I tried to
hang out with my sister hello hi oh yeah
J why I'm outside your house well I like
I literally was just driving home now
and then deciding possible B insurance
or some quite hungry where could i get
some good food up or be insurance of
course I have Oh a nice mirror yeah sure
why this oh oh yes how's the bars this
little I came catch you soon bro see you
later see later part and even though
when I hung out with her and Shawn I
kind of just sat there the entire time
editing the vlog to go out tonight which
is now already gone live whilst I was
there I blooming I've got this new
laptop this one here that has like a
weird charged in USB C port which is not
the same as the older MacBook so my
laptop died whilst I was editing there
and then I can judge it because they've
got different laptop charges to me so I
contracted my laptop had to drive home
there was crazy traffic the vlog went up
late on a positive note the drug is no
live you guys are loving it as a 21
minute video yesterday if you didn't see
it
and these which might already be sold
out you I'm guessing they probably are
these TV rucksacks here when the rats
our limited edition went on sale like
literally just now like 45 minutes
exactly ago and we've already sold half
of them but it's not half of them in 45
minutes which is incredible so thank you
guys so much for the love all of the
sport and love it when I do like limited
edition items I get so excited so pumped
and I just can't wait until like next
week when they start arriving it houses
nothing I can see you guys wearing them
to school and to work into college
anyways it is I quarter to 6:00 in the
evening we've got buzz still at the
moment cuz mum and dad are on holiday so
I need to get back home and help poor
probably give both the dogs that dinner
I don't know what Zoey's up to I haven't
really seen how much today because I've
just been like doing the dentist editing
the vlog at probably I didn't even get
to hang up or being Shaun at their place
I literally just editing the vlog let's
go back home
let's go home let's go anything I need
to do turn off the lights wait sorry I
just realized two things number one I
haven't actually asked how you guys are
so how are you doing let me know down
below comment down below how you are
also another thing I see you guys every
single day and I want to call you your
name I want to call you a gang I want to
make us a team of people that do this
one thing every single day and that one
thing is clicking thumbs up like in the
video before you've even watched it or
bugs at the end of every single vlog I
say if you've enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up but there are some of you guys
that do that every single day day in day
out before you've even watched 10
seconds of the vlog you've already given
it a thumbs up so thank you so much all
of those people I want to call you a
little name tweet me a name like
something like the like before watching
gang Sunday like that I don't know right
let me get on the trampoline do a
morning Oh about stuck oh now I've got
my laptop on my phone on me morning
backflip which it's not the morning with
a bag on me thought Oh with a bag on me
and my laps on my phone in my hands this
is why I break stuff you know this is
right crap my phone screens because I'm
stupid
today has been as I say it's been such a
lovely day and I'm so glad that the bags
are finally out on sale because we've
been working on them for literally I
mean honest nine months now kinda
suppose like dog food is here maybe the
dogs have at dinner just having this in
because I completely forgot to say that
I also went to a really cute little like
bits and bobs and art shop and I've
bought some really really cool pieces
want to put them into this little shop
see if there's anything cute for Zoey
ah these are nice look oka where this is
that's so funny
thank you so much
scouts ID Kevin Kevin Kevin head come in
it aways that some of our cardboard is
blown all the way down the garden huh
buzzy boy what's this what the heck is
this
that's your favorite toy bus loves
footballs as well Nalla doesn't like
them buzz loves them
Gompers get it get it get this oh you
want to play this guys good look at them
both give me that boy give me it give me
it oh no got it it's literally all wet
whoo knowledge got buzzes toy and he is
not happy about it
Gambas get it get it buzzy give me that
point give me that toy no chance
Gambas get it go on mate she will not
let go I have no idea oh it's because
it's really light it's going to say how
this rubbish bag got down there garden
and literally balancing the camera on
top of four pillows on all stacked on
top of each other
so I kind of got to end the vlog last
night I left it there we ordered to take
away we ended up watching two movies one
of them we watched was and I don't even
know why I've seen it before and I
didn't really like it too much and just
thought it was well Mina it was weird
it's got a weird ending which was is a
sausage party sausage party economists
say that women braces n Zoey had never
seen it before so we watch that and then
we watch a second film which was
something like the island of per curious
saw I fell asleep after honestly like 20
minutes like I have no idea just woke up
with the fire on I woke up sweating on
the sofa was like I need to get out of
this room so bad so we basically just
had a movie
and there wasn't really anything to film
but one of the things that I bought
yesterday as you saw I went to a little
shop and got like a bag for the stuff I
did buy that little booby notepad for
Zoey is a little box of untranslatable
words I haven't opened it up yet and on
the back it says perfect words from
other languages these are lots of moods
needs and feelings that are own
languages not yet properly pinned down
the perfect word even if it comes from
abroad helps us explain ourselves to
other people and its existence quietly
reassures us and everyone else that
State of Mind is not rare it's not
really rare just rarely spoken of the
right word brings to this little
paragraph the right word brings dignity
to our troubles and helps us identify
more accurately what we really like or
find annoying we've gathered together
our favorite words in the world's
languages and married them up with
complimentary images to create cards
that brings some of them of our most
important feelings into focus yeah that
was long so I thought I'd read a couple
out and then I might start the next
couple of logs by telling you guys new
words there aren't official words that
you can use to describe moods and
feelings kind of thing okay so this one
here is Norwegian I'm probably going to
pronounce all of these wrong and this is
foreign sket fo re LS ket forums get the
euphoric feeling at the beginning of
love we can't believe someone so pup is
wandered into our lives they enhance and
complete us we might report that I was
overpowered by forest yet as our fingers
in laced that's nice the euphoric
feeling at the beginning of love for a
sketch okay let's go for another one
this is Portuguese saudade
sau da da saudade or Dade I don't know a
bittersweet melancholic I'm not very
good at reading yearning for something
beautiful that is now gone perhaps a
love affair a child at home a
flourishing business there is pain yet
also a pleasure that such loveliness
once graced our lives soared aid the
last one that I'm going to read is
ancient
week eudaimonia eud a IM o ni a
eudaimonia that's calls an away
eudaimonia often translated as happiness
it really means the deepest kind of
fulfillment often comprising a
flourishing work and love life is
accepted that eudaimonia can go hand in
have with lots of day-to-day frustration
and pain you could be correctly
described as possessing eudaimonia even
though you are periodically really
rather grumpy okay so it's the deepest
kind of fulfillment so you could have
everyday activities that are annoying
and you're getting like a little bit
taken back by but underlay in like
underline your whole life you you've got
eudaimonia the deepest kind of
fulfillment and happiness okay so
today's three eudaimonia for a skirt and
sword aid I just thought it's a cool
little box and call it a words that we
don't have in our language I hope you
enjoyed the blog guys if you did give it
a big thumbs up subscribe down below
tomorrow tomorrow's vlog is going to be
very exciting so if you want to do that
make sure you do subscribe turn my
notifications on hit the little bell
button and I'll see you tomorrow
if I guess right
on the plane
