Jerry's currently stay in our house and
he's got a meeting at nine o'clock
she's going to nine o'clock and I bet
you you still asleep
what he's our bloody ally and he's made
bed as well mess around the gentleman
loud it
good morning guys good whiting how you
doin oh you're having a lovely day I'm
interrupting this blog it is not the day
you are watching this but I wanted to
add a very special clip in at the
beginning of the video to let you know
that as you've seen only the last couple
of logs well-being sneakingly putting
them in the background and stuff P V
rucksacks pointlessblog rucksacks are
now on sale like they're officially out
I have had these oh my gosh I wish I
could tell you I've been looking at
samples of these looking at different
shape rucksacks different size rucksacks
ones that didn't have things like the
pockets on the inside that is so
important to put your belongings in this
one's got the little tissue pocket on
the side as well which is nice
I've been I've been throwing out these
rucksack skies for like honestly seven
months or something so these are for
sale right now link is down below be
quick if you want one because they are
limited edition once they're gone they
are gone forever I'm just warning you
because like with the fidgets spinners
whatever the fidget rollers like was so
much my limited issue much people don't
believe me and then the next day when
they see the vlogger day late people
start moaning saying I didn't get one
and now they sold out and what can I do
and I can't do anything once they're
sold out they are sold out so if you
think a friend's going to want one if
you think your name's going to want one
if you think your brother or your sister
is going to want one
tell them now because once they've gone
they're gone let me just show you one
more time before the vlog starts
pointlessblog rucksacks link is down you
know next month people go back to school
back to college back to work this is
this is the bag this is the bag for that
turns out I was wrong twice number one
he was awake number two his meeting is
actually half past nine and not nine
o'clock so I was double wrong fact
edited my vlog I go come on
guys c'mon and how you doing we're
getting Joe his very first plant today
what you're going to go for I'm going to
get a little cacti oh my gosh this does
not feel like what you think it's going
to feel like you ready
hmm it's so hard
Joe's found the one this is like this
yeah I like that this is really cool
passionate torches we've got this one
justice delica is actually my owner know
you could you can't touch it I asked you
guys to do me a favor and not tell Joe
about a certain something that I'd seen
that I thought would be perfect for EM
dude where'd you have liver tweeted in
never trust you guys there's too many of
you I'm sure we're back here now require
show enjoy the little comedian you see a
rabbit I know this one sick he just
chills up there look at that big boy I
know you want a little one but look at
the big boy
he's so thick he King Kong in a blizzard
was and there's a small one in there hit
that one he's our boy yeah that's the
guy I think you need one yeah the thing
is I gosh I've got proof I can look on
far okay yeah if you can keep this to
like three months yeah then I'll buy you
one of these three months three days
three days Yemen chameleon that's cool
what's this boy then I'll say the same
one yeah it must be
he's a big old boy yeah look at this guy
is so cool it's just doing the yoga pose
down there that's what a damn until
encountered in the downward dog yeah
well I'm finding a I'm sinner people
yeah
oh look at this little guy hey
just fill wit hand he wants to be in the
vlog we gon get it get it get it yeah yo
you going down sir though where you
going we got that you got that you got
that you got that ánewá is literally
going to reach around in the hood Joe's
made a real connection with this little
medium it does look fun come down select
the font this is what sorry and I want
to get little tortoise what's the
difference between a force field Hammond
do we take all that someone in there
they eat the same things as guinea pigs
to be fast oh my god I've never seen
anything so cute
in all my life Zoe we need to get one
burly you just talking I risk elephant
woman hey babe I got myself some
takeaway lunch from the cafe Jerry's got
his plant and got some dog food so he's
got dog food did you stroke get it says
please don't touch will be lower so one
of us is very recklessly day one rule to
know both cameras though is just
flooding crazy what they finish they
usually do nothing but he
yeah just got home
my takeaway lunch looks like a little
kids lunchbox it looks oh yeah yeah
that's the chicken coronation salmon
where are ya we're going to go to the
office I'm going to go get treat from
the office distracting me from work Joe
has come over to go on the trampoline
that is how you get on it he's used to
like playing in fields and stuff when he
was younger they didn't have trampolines
yeah they used to play on their local
canal just Joe's too heavy just over
onto your back front flip onto your back
- here you go
- yeah oh my god no Joe I can teach you
I can spot that pocket like thing go
back and I thought London my head
there's great my neck and then you pull
them down and the faster you pull down
the faster you spin about smart and they
pull add one to each leg
yeah that was way better did you jump in
high and then you prop that's really low
you have to try and wait and do of your
optimum to like no oh yeah you're not
giving yourself enough space to be
standing up and then you slip flow
rather than let yourself get quite the
topper at what yeah you get scary back
from updated meetings in the office
still working on the big project that I
can like with this close to be able to
tell you guys in videos what we've been
working on stuff has been fully booked
today and put in place money has been
spent so I pull em in hope it's
happening because we've spent money on
it now I understand my money on it
no not you're like you're in luck Gator
spent my money on it but I still don't
think we can really tell me any idea
what what what ideas yeah but I don't
that we can tell you just yet we can
tell you we can tell you soon we can
tell you very very soon but just get
excited she let's say especially if you
live in the UK or is that no its
worldwide as well you know what to be
very well white because because it's
happening in London
you can't bloody say that Howry we have
now but also it is also global at the
same time as in London oh yeah so you're
like you aren't in the UK you're not
going to miss out you're not missing out
at all now if you are in the UK then
it's extra special we will let you know
soon you can try and debate in the
comments you can tweet us what you think
we're not going to reply until or
allowed to tell you but it is so excited
for what isn't exciting what isn't good
is what we're about to bloom and do now
on Joe's channel we're about to film
Cheers Casper mate tagging me in this
video and you like to film a savage
video this also I look incredibly blue
because you're a lot like hair fighters
over like
oh it could of literally as well it's
not enjoyable messy it's not enjoyable
for me at all you let me tie these look
great man you look like a kid TV
presenter yeah this is humble this is
the Joe's idea ring stuck in his finger
how long have you had this stuck in your
finger for like a month two months legit
cannot take this ring off of this finger
now what it's leave that in there play
now it's not the work I'm going to get
numb I'm already exposed in my hand what
do you have to say you need to put ice
all over your finger like make sure you
you need to put your hand in there yeah
that really hurts
no not in the oil not in oil or okay not
on the so for that became yeah how about
think what stands about what you're
saying
come on let's go dislocated finger Frank
I'm telling you Zoey we need we need
drink dental floss it's not your actual
bone is then let Joe do let Joe do it he
got skin underneath it's going to be
brave and I got charm using what ninja I
don't seem to use oh my god yeah oh my
gosh it's nearly there it's just it's
over the knuckle twist it knows you've
got to toilet interest in it yeah coming
coming
look at your fear I think I need a neuro
fascinating in the last clip as you saw
Joe was still here Joe left many hours
ago Louise here I'm here
the girls are back at home we've come to
Nanda's pick up dinner for everyone
we've got all of the food louise
currently over there somewhere trying to
find the hottest sauce they do with the
members of staff only the boy I knew
hotter one recently
like this rising walking on about a
little bit now John when i recharge
through the little done
yes gap it will try a home know being
naughty Louie
well no sneaky chips not only get back
it's a teacher so I mean we could go to
the burger table over here we God
provided ello we go the food this
sources for you Zoey Louie wants you to
try it so I found out not only do they
have extra extra hot sauce now there's
brought out a new one called like
volcano hot sauce and that's literally
tried in the shop and was like oh my
bloody got out and you need to try this
ours like I'd like the finest with my
little finger and it also this is so
we're all going to try at okay you guys
can do this run this is cream for my
dessert finished up on and O's more
playing a game called scroll so it's
basically a version of Chinese whispers
or broken telephone which is where I
pick up one of these cards did you see
my god at the top giraffe limbo contest
so I have to draw a giraffe limbo
contest I then cover up with a little
piece of card like this and passed on
deserve a she looks my drawing oh god
this way oh my god I'm gonna chosen this
one bloody ow once quite Road I thought
I was going to Zoey I'm literally gonna
be like well no she would have thought
it was there I you're gonna get on it so
okay yeah the games is going let me just
rub my now second Jacob
their eyes are going to write down what
she thinks I've drawn then part on to
Lou in he has to draw what was written
down then Zoe has to draw it and that's
the same for everybody has their own one
and then we try and we reconvene your
bloomin see as it goes on yeah that is a
good drawing guys very good
I can figure out whether whether the
legs are right on the cap anyway and I
like right yeah Oh cap pulls out any
sense I was like think of the weirdest
that's pretty good okay Louie here
warding a point okay well I struggled to
draw the cat goes you don't know I'm
even impressed by this drawing because
you can see it's a ton even though it
also could be a clerk at spilling out
disease so much one day to LP okay this
is fun okay this I originally drew
Pinocchio starring in a porn film with
that the name of that yeah so it was
wearing it's really exactly with no be a
porn star okay hmm
Pinocchio filming a porno Pinocchio
sorry I I dry spell Pinocchio not get in
spelling Stewart just write down what
you think I was like okay no key oh
thank you sir
both doggystyle emphasis on the nose
yeah and actually go to success either
you should have been having sex with the
nose the nose is the penis Monica no you
know I didn't okay alright new you we
don't need to know
then maybe right Pinocchio Paul hey I
think I might have to give the point
mm cause Pinocchio yeah
I've went to boys for a crap drawing and
the wrong spelling we got my start off
with a cat orgy ah okay okay yeah my
amazing cat that is fly or why you need
to you're encouraging I can say all
right would you get that from my rock I
know I'm kind of making this book like
oh yeah that was got the hump back like
a cat yeah cuz OE right oh oh that's
like oh I'm gonna go cat orgy yeah put
it right your vegetable best friend oh
my god that is crazy that is crazy
way too numerous special friends
oh my god what the Hat whoa it's
literally the same oh my god I was going
to make them make cold hands as well and
then I was like damn it this one's going
up that is really freaky never in there
with happy venture no I definitely win
that crazy that was a nice round good
we're going to see if you're if you're
joined at the head both draw both draw a
fish we're going to see how similar your
drawings of a fish are we're going to
put you to the test
really okay well maybe not draw I was
going to say draw a fruit you can try
and tell each other if you want
telepathically okay I was like oh yeah
that's good Gian okay
okay oh yes a mama turban I the white
strawberry it's not even a common flu
Eunice's what the hell no next game
we're playing the mr. and mrs. game so
far Zoey and I aren't doing too well
these guys are showing us up exactly you
can't see each other
I'm going to ask you a question you have
to hold up who you think miss little
looses make sure you have them in the
center to put the mister in your left
hand both of you
I'm sorry in your right hand Riya left
hand away there's my son sighs yeah okay
okay okay who is most likely to lose
their mobile phone yeah boy who would
make the best first impression and
interview listen to find this one really
ago that was really weird
okay who is the best at taking criticism
correct 23.0 gets bail Pinocchio the
back oh yeah oh my gosh no this is where
I put myself a hotel tonight and move
out who is the most untidy live already
asking for an item yeah I don't even I'm
gonna say this
yeah well you just said it if you
thought you should I got this one who is
the most sentimental yeah yeah who is
the most likely to raise their voice in
an argument Oh wrong yeah if you'd both
in with the other way that would have
been back to us who is the most
excitable wrong also your head
difference is very evident is a mom now
going to see before I was like yeah
Lily's doing a three-month flight around
the world yeah it would be pretty mental
and you're leaving on Saturday yeah yeah
yeah we would the news faces it yeah
come pop by man in the garden I'm
currently editing the vlog you are
watching and I was filming the last clip
you just saw at 2:30 in the morning
when do I ever stay up to 2:30 in the
morning was Riya and Louie were here I
was literally falling asleep they were
all chatting on the sofa and on every
like couple of minutes I've told myself
like oka fall asleep position has anyone
noticed so I completely forgot to end
the vlog remember guys the PB rucksacks
and not only on sale right now link is
down below over there also limited
edition so if you want one once they're
gone they are gone
to ever be quick don't forget to give
the video a thumbs up as well subscribe
if you haven't already and I'll see ya
tomorrow look at the bloom in daily vlog
every single day bye guys
okay
