there's some good lighting I've got one
of those like little light flares in the
way that type pac-man good morning good
morning guys how you doing just better
my breakfast which today is extremely
healthy like this isn't sugary granola
this is like the healthy of the
healthiest of the healthiest and then
I've just added just added some fruit on
top of that so and I have also been
having a little act now every morning
for the last like would you say that
three weeks two weeks I've no idea if
it's making a difference or what has he
been doing but apparently they're good
apparently it's good to have probiotics
so that's that's what I'm doing it no no
no that's mine no now that I know it
looks good but you can't have any you
just had yours no come on sit down
no thank you nice to meet you too
good morning what she can talk today is
an exciting day in the office we've got
the credit store team come up from
London obviously normally they work in
the London office but they've come up
today as we're working on a very very
exciting ello Missy another a super
exciting project how excited you for the
new the new project that we're working
on
so he's made me some lunch thank you I
don't like tomatoes joy goodbye thanks
for lunch
goodbye that's creepy that's the office
more meetings more meetings more
planning it's coming soon it's coming
soon you just got back from a team lunch
even though I realized that zoe kind of
up had already made me lunch we just
went out for a team lunch to a little
pub some productive stuff happening
today no way they look sick in that as
well they look awesome in that stuff I
love them which is your favorite color
hmm blocking my viewers should say hello
to your viewers going to his channel
which is your favorite cover I'm not
using one minute I'm about to wet myself
give me one minute
I'm gonna go in your office toilet well
very nice aunt Nile is common in them
with me as well apparently coming in are
you coming in the drunk in Zoe's vlog
that she's filming today we've just
discovered that we've got a ghost called
Tobi that lives in our house he lives an
attic you can go check it out if you
want scary buddy stuff well you say
Missy guys I'm gonna have to put this
whole clip in black and white and
probably meet most of it as well whole
team's work in there I'm black and white
in this whole clips they can't see
anything I'll blur I'll blur stuff as
well now let's come to help out as well
how did the meeting go today scale of 1
to 10 I say meeting it was like the long
head meeting in this office
long hair for me it's very exciting
stuff yeah I'm really excited about it
like is it really is built I find it
more interesting the more I think about
it Joe literally gods are less
enthusiastic enjoy that much last night
the drunk outside she wants to go home
because she hasn't there's so much stuff
here that I can't film basically all I'm
allowed to say is that means oh enjoy
working on something incredibly big
together no no I don't think so
basically we're working on something
incredibly exciting that will involved
you guys and it's happening in cities
yet oh God but not long I think we will
be able to tell them that does tell
people meeting by this new book yeah
should we just tell them but nothing is
booked in yet but now I can't turn the
camera around because literally stuff
everywhere even hanging on the ceiling
over there I get in the obvious that's
to do with it should we talk about it
then yeah I mean it's pretty it's pretty
much nearly bodega fire it's not this
week next week oh I've got a car there's
my things not this week next week yeah
Oh next week no not next week the week
after which mean a car then you can
drive to the location yeah the location
of walked all right boy you squeeze that
one out bro no nada hasn't had dinner
yet and she's literally just waiting
I haven't even had a chance to edit my
vlog yet today it's proven it's like
what's the time we go we it's currently
two minutes to seven is I haven't even
edited my vlog is two minutes to seven
I've told everybody something that
you're about to see this one's from
Google Images but it was like this kind
of thing I can do throughout I think it
would be perfect for Joseph they don't
want to purchase for you even your
president but you buy it's too late now
cuz I'm a bouncy castle or bloody no cuz
I wanted some quirky no it's sick it's
not it's sick it's sick it's fed in that
bar will it last a long time as look
everyone's gonna tell you because I just
know what they're like once this goes up
by those heart make it happen unless I
can because it's too late I wanted it I
wanted it to happen today unless we have
makeup at tomorrow morning you stand
tonight yeah tomorrow's Blanc I'll go to
the shop you lads at a shop tomorrow you
might see my smoke blowing longest day
ever
see you later office guy and Joe get on
it get on it do a do a morning backflip
what did you just ask for okay cuz your
eyes instead of just a glass each I
thought I guess an empty glass age and a
jug so he's the kind of person that
forgets to drink all day and doesn't
drink and then when she does she bloom
in drinks the whole jug but where's our
dog that was lost her there she is
we're doing sleeping on the sofa by
yourself you don't want to come up to
bed today has been the longest day in
the history of days like probably one of
the longest workdays in my entire life
actually you know I wasn't going to edit
and upload a vlog tonight because I was
just so
crashed out from finishing meetings like
8 p.m. or maybe that's an exaggeration
maybe about quarter past 7:00 half past
7:00 so I tweeted saying there was no
vlog tonight and everyone was like no
are you kidding me so I postponed dinner
edited and uploaded the vlog and then
just ended up ordering the takeaway
because I just couldn't want to cook
anything so we all had a we had a
Chinese half Chinese takeaway and half
Indian takeaway and I'm so full up like
I just ate so much and now we'll just
caption an early night and go to bed but
for some reason for some reason this
little one doesn't wanting up to bed
we're not let me carry you up yeah oh no
guys you don't even want to know why
Joe's got that with him from let's have
a pillow fight these pillows are like
big enough to like proper knock you over
oh my gosh look at Nala so oh our new
cartoon Zoe George went to brush his
teeth and we realized that there aren't
any clean fresh sheets on the bed so
we're just doing it now for him look how
good Joe's bed looks old fresh new
sheets all clean look how plump those
bloomin pillows are picks up one off the
bed if you remember guys have you seen
this magic trick of Joe's classic vine
trick my battery's about to run out we
don't know why the hexagon my camera
just ran out a charge so I'm going to
get a battery and see we'll see what's
going on see this trick we did it he
will be like more dude yeah we got no
much of a hassle because when practicing
this frickin a new trick okay so
remember I asked my did this time on no
trick right he's here yeah
evolved yet this time I disappear like
come back as a girl what you mean so he
just threw the blanket so in there there
is a gap like this bitch right give up
why he's coming up this is better than
watching the TV they call me by Monday
oh those Goods yeah wait oh god she
better not be on our bed no what are you
doing in here what you doing what you
doing Missy no you want to sleep in our
bed tonight I'll let you wanna sleep in
our bed tonight
oh look though you the cutest puppy in
the world catching them on him you put
your favorite little toys you can stay
in there I'm gonna get into bed Bernard
okay you stay in there tonight oh I know
you can't see anything we've turned all
the lights off
hope you enjoyed the video guys if you
did give it a thumbs up subscribe down
below and I'll catch ya catch you in the
morning goodnight
