good morning guys I just can't get up my
bed's too comfy
I'm too gums too warm too cozy I just
can't do it
we've also had a new rule for the last
couple of days maybe like five days now
when allah' is not allowed to sleep in
our bed that soon so he got up this
morning
look who's snuck into the bed what you
did in the bed Missy were you doing in
the bed she's ignoring me because she
knows she's not allowed yeah why I need
to get my butt up and it's going up some
breakfast I want to have breakfast and
lunch and dinner all on time today
because if you saw yesterday's vlog you
all know that I literally missed
breakfast
no I had breakfast miss lunch and then
had dinner ha past 11:00
that's not good that's really not good
so I'm going to try on a breakfast on
time lunch at like 1:00 o'clock dinner
at like hot bar six seven o'clock that's
that's my team for today
look at this rabbit being a boss at the
bloomin talk yes may look at him look at
this like he's so cool you're doing that
like yoga pose I know it's going to be
like a meet-up here all my fans have
turned up I told you guys I was going to
take my food seriously today just come
watch a little cafe got apple juice
water morning coffee even though it's
kind of like 11 o'clock 11:30 12 o'clock
12 o'clock
I need about that everywhere oh my god
my time thank you so much sighs checkout
busiest got in the last like 20 minutes
got a ton of snacks for the office all
healthy as well looking at them in
lentil chips guys back in the office
I'm from being at the garden center and
seeing those crazy animals I've had an
idea and I want it to stay between me
and you I know I need to be tell anyone
else because it involves a certain
somebody but I'm trusting you to not
tell them you know the call it will get
going thing that I think I've filmed it
I think I've helped it there was a sick
little gecko thing like tiny let me show
you a picture
this one's from Google Images but it was
like this kind of thing okay they get
goes actually a chameleon
so this little chameleon thing I just go
out there I think it would be perfect
for go suck like he lives by himself in
London don't get me wrong he sees
friends a lot but he hasn't got a
companion he hasn't got a girlfriend he
hasn't got a boyfriend he's not living
at home with his family whenever he
comes to see me and Zoey he loves
hanging out with Nala so I think I think
it could be perfect like I don't think
we tell him we're going to buy him one I
say we just say we just buy one let me
know what you think down below in the
comments guys and I just saw it and I
saw his hands and I could picture it
just sitting on his shoulder what he's
filming like a prank video or something
I think I think it could be his new best
friend I think I've just just say it is
let me know let me know down below give
it a thumbs up if you think it could be
maybe maybe I'll buy him one maybe when
he comes he's coming tomorrow actually
for a meeting a great strong meeting
here at the office maybe I can buy him
one tomorrow boss he's here and bring it
back to the office with it let me know
what you think anyways let me know what
you think I'm with it I'm going to crack
on with some work on the laptop but back
in the office back to work it's
currently 1252 lunch time and I'm going
to edit the vlog I'm going to edit the
vlog 6:30 p.m. in the evening it has
been a super
Advent full day in the office today I'm
just finishing
work the vlog is gone live edited the
vlog been working on some social stuff
for TCS PB merch we're working on
something so bloody exciting that could
be happening in literally a couple of
weeks like I've spoken about this before
my blogs but I can't see much at the
moment it's looking like if it's going
to happen we've got we've got a ton of
big meetings about it tomorrow but
that's all I can kind of say about that
for now the last thing that I want to
say in today's today's video is that I'm
about to sign a document now let me get
a pen this is the pen of choice I'm
about to sign a document it is 42 pages
thick that that gives me shares in a new
company so I'm going to own part of this
company as soon as I sign this document
and it's been handed in to my lawyers
it's something that's been in the mix
that's been working on for like the last
six months but there's so much stuff
that when YouTube say on what can really
hard on things and nobody believes it
and everyone just thinks that were
working on a new video I can't do right
now because obviously the document
hasn't been handed to my lawyers and
everything like that but I do want to
let you know that some serious stuff is
going down some big moves are being put
in place and a lot of exciting things
are going to happen in the future so
stick around do not really subscribe
subscribe let's have some fun there's
some fun let's make some cool stuff
let's do some crazy things it is time to
get out of the office and get back onto
my house oh I haven't actually signed it
that would probably bloomin help you hey
we've literally just had the biggest
work evening team's outfi all the people
that work with myself and work with Zoey
on day to day stuff just all came over
for dinner and as you can see we all got
fish and chips which was a treat we
never had fish and chips tears it is
super super nice but now we've got to
clear up everyone's just just headed off
and we've got what all the plates and
B's to sort out in the curry sauce
little containers all the mushy peas all
the good stuff hey it said hello to the
belt
maybe you don't want it see you later
then goodbye okay this next clip is for
those of you who are into mess tidying
up vlog speed tidying speed cleaning are
you ready let's go
that is it done little bit looks great
70 anything is the M the other ones not
done and I now need set bins out so then
I just been taken smooth install you
can't even see me that way
similar Instagram pictures for and I'm
about to have a bath this is going to be
yo that's hot blooming X ugly runny and
she likes the hottest bars in the world
this is gonna be my second ever bath in
this house enjoy can I ask you a
question for my blog because it was
pretty short on video gone up to there's
only 7 minutes she need to ask you a
question that will Leifer three
minutes what to get over dead now I'm in
enough I gotta go now so Ezreal you have
to answer me honestly there's so much
YouTube drama at the moment yeah
bug someone in throw someone in under
the bus ah throwing some drama into the
mix this is how you need to get views
these days
I don't know only why he said that
that's savage I don't like when it was
ugly time which means that I've been 6
p.m. to 6 p.m. on what day so it seems
fine girl service my don't plug game in
my video man I'm gonna have to lose that
now enjoy touch my things is too late he
needs a little early
alright sex a vagina soon what do you
want this track I'm going to go on our
Zoey as well the same question need to
get this YouTube drama views man if you
wants doing it very can answer your
question there's so much YouTube drama
at the moment you have to answer
honestly my videos a bit short so I need
some extra time in my video as well just
ask you a question can you knock someone
out can you diss someone
spread some beef no because I get
interviewed at the moment that tell em
before they come our way
everyone's doing at the moment the
YouTube this is how they're getting that
would their views so I just need to like
drama majid if I put that in oh my god
oh yeah just later abruptly Joseph he
doesn't like only whites upload time
come on First Alert you don't like
Marcus's new tattoo that is Savage oh my
she does really good copy Dave yeah
she's not you too but that doesn't count
okay there we go Friday we've got only
white pop your days
you're both without and you're really
what cannot go in though something very
rude she was joking but that's it
that's the video over guys if you like
for the YouTube bead with YouTube drama
get a visit I'm joking hope you enjoyed
the video it's a little bit short
because as I said yesterday was full of
meetings and stuff I'll catch you
tomorrow with a new vlog look who's here
as well you know what I spoke about
earlier in the vlog
okay
