good morning guys good morning how you
doing I want to start up today's vlog
with where's my mobile this is going to
sound a little bit random but I was in
the car yesterday and there was a advert
on the radio from the I think it's good
there are n I or an airline lemme Jack
RNLI is a charity that saves lives at
sea there's like a 20-second advert on
the radio that basically said if you
ever fall into cold sea whilst you're on
a boat don't panic because that uses all
of your energy and it's more likely that
you're going to drown well if you just
try and float you don't you literally
just try your best to relax and float it
preserves your energy and you will
actually last at sea for much longer I
mean I was just driving along the road
so the message couldn't just construct
over my head but this for some reason it
hit me it made me think that there are
so many people every single day that
watch these videos that that I should
start today's blog off by telling you 5
facts that could potentially save you
life it could be absolutely useless and
you never ever use any of them however
if even one of you gets into a situation
where one of these backs help you then
I'll put them in save the life like I'm
helped you save your life so to
everybody watching that's number one
I've just googled this I died even at 30
but they could help you do not remove
objects from stab wounds see if you get
stabbed with a knife or something leave
it there don't pull it out ok that is
that number one this is a good one this
is super super interesting just because
the lights turn green
does not mean that it's safe to go there
could still be somebody crossing there
could be an antelope about to run out
into the road just because they're green
does not mean it's safe to go it caught
in a burning building get long like down
on the ground crawl on the ground
because the breathable air will be
closest to the floor this is really
interesting because I know that this
probably isn't going to affect my life
however if you are under water and you
don't know which way is up like imagine
if like a plane crashed into the water
you don't know which way is up if you
breathe like blow out a little bit of ed
and the bubbles will go up there you
know which way is up in a similar
situation if you've been buried in an
avalanche or in dirt and you don't know
which direction is the surface spit and
see which way the gravity takes air and
obviously head in the opposite direction
because that would be up I don't know
how likely this one is to kill you but
it could technically if you hit your
head hard enough don't ever walk down
stairs with hands in your pocket because
then it'd be full you can't pull your
hands up so I put them down to stop you
especially if you were like drunk or
something you don't leave walking up
your hand from the pocket I don't know
how helpful any of that was I just
wanted to start today's vlog off with a
little bit of advice a little bit of
wisdom from the good old Google and if
even one of you get yourself into a
situation where one of those points was
useful then I'm glad glad that I said it
today we're stepping it up a level today
we're not just in the morning backflip
what we in today's the morning backflip
from blip are you ready
I haven't even warmed up probably
shouldn't be doing this with sliders on
my feet oops well I waited sorry good I
hanging out the window
why why are you in the spare bedroom oh
come on the Champlain so he says that
she's going to make a noise complaint
because the neighbor ie me and my office
is being too loud
oh my god that scared the hell out of me
Fleming heck you just stand-in there I
know what I was looking at the floor why
cuz vlogging my feet walking along like
this and I looked up and you're right
there now I come to my office garden oh
no now she's looking at me like war you
coming on the trampoline oh we're going
home cuz I was coming to get you wait
are these are strawberry plants yeah all
of them the whole thing am I gonna get
strawberries that I can eat then you
can't respond I think that's hard keep
your little sliders on if you want I
haven't even told them about that
I forgot I didn't ever tell you guys
that you know when we had a Southie
housewarming party with the barbecue and
everything I didn't vlog it but you know
when we had that party Zoe's hairdresser
and the woman that died the blonde bitch
to my hair Sam broke her ankle and
dislocated it that evening why'd you
jump so weird listen this is literally
you well she broke investigated her
ankle an ambulance come pick her up and
everything
it's really not good and her job is a
hairdresser thruster she s gonna pee all
the time
Who am I
I like little er yeah I think I just
didn't how to fly it
I love it but why are you swimming move
your oh you are subtle is it proper try
okay I won't jump but you jump as high
as you possibly can is that as high as
you can okay my turn oh god oh god oh my
god huh I don't know I don't know active
young yay well you're going to go into
your stomach
got some oh my god that sauce please
guys can you make a gift by that song
this is like oh my god I don't if you
can oh yeah you can brawl that swivel
hips
- no swivel hips
Oh
Oh your socks Nikki coming up again you
sure it's not one of my ones it's just
you've worn it and plug it in and that's
why it's been stretching a big nyla what
are you barking at you idiot Malik come
here yeah yeah so instead of your going
like this currently yeah yeah what do
you want to do - lets go I'm go out
there I think rapiest got like this I'm
standing up from turning okay
she's lamb standing back up but 180 back
up and one idea and then eventually you
do that and you just move your legs out
the way quickly that sock is coming off
with a minute that's good yeah now is it
you know - what Mark had one foot the
other day did on his sick yeah let's all
get I don't know how we're going to
manage to film there oh no put it over
here we're kind of just messing about on
the trampoline and then I picked some up
and was bouncing she's like no you need
to film this don't do it women not film
it in case things go wrong no I can't
don't like you I trust me any jump
yeah all right so I jump like this you
ready oh oh my god my arm so bad
look at the camera I don't think we got
any of that in shot you know my you do
my arm the guy hair I just like this fit
you ready three two one but you need to
wrap your legs around a bit more you're
going to call me on the head with that
as well yeah you're in the face
now you showed me in my office your
favorite line so I'd get away
ah keep going away so right I'm going in
I gotta finish my work
don't say that all these people still
think it's the morning Oh have you
logged today Russell just starve you're
not good
you need to drink poppy back rather than
what the draw mode oh I don't know I
haven't got my phone so the more time
you think it must be like quarter to
seven is it goes forever is it quarter
to seven
oh it's minutes to 7:00 in the evening
so papi and Shawn have been away on
holiday in Greece for the last like the
last week hello you're back now you can
be on the vlog straight away bloody oh
you're tanned or you are tanned
Oh
Poppy's home it's been one of those
evenings guys wear timers just time has
just disappeared I'm ashamed to say this
look at the time 11:39 I haven't even
had lunch yet I haven't even had dinner
yet I just started making Zoey and I
some toast for dinner because I
literally I said I'd cook dinner tonight
and work stuff is crazy the moment
things that you guys probably won't even
see maybe ever you might not see it you
might see it in the future I've been on
the phone the season for like hours and
now I can't even open it all over
can you believe in the cheese really
productive stuff on the phone really
good phone call
very impressive things that are getting
put in place for the future but but
right now it's time to make gazzarri jam
on toast and then for my dinner I'm
having cheese and pickle and toast so
that's the kind of extravagant youtubers
we are you know be on the phone for four
hours in the evening missing dinner and
have a cheese and pickle on toast live
in the youtuber dream this is the goals
isn't that mine that's because you've
eaten yours on the oven let me show them
Lord gave me toast with Jam oh you
spilled on the bar as well I gave you
toast with Jam with my jam what do is
doing so much jam on it it's like I
can't take things oh sorry there was
another half as well
or you might snip back from the blade
this is a couple's goals or just give me
a hand this hold hands tell me to feed
you your cheese and pickle tasty yeah
the only thing I'm bit worried about you
know what I'm like good stuff like this
if you know me well guys you will know
that I do not like toast about me she's
an ankle sandwich you know one time you
know I don't like toast do not know that
when do I ever eat doesn't like to let's
put it this way then when do I ever eat
toast
what's the whole five years I've met
you've met me I'm sure you that toaster
for you I eaten it before but as
toasties on my own I'm just beautiful in
the bed the crumbs and I'm not about
comes in my bed I love to go to sleep in
another bed or just get out and brush it
like ten minutes
well there's no betting on the other bed
so you got no choice boy all right I'm
going to eat my sandwich I'm just going
to lie here and listen to you eat your
sandwich you are going to get make a
mess if you do it like that
very good toast cheese typical a ship
I've never liked pickle I don't know why
I think it's one of those foods I told
myself I didn't lie I love it she'sa
when he said to me that it was pickled
onion I was like I bloody love pickled
onion so I would like it I don't want it
oh you don't like cheese oh no I would
sorry only like sighs yes Jeff did I
need to end this vlog what does it
become
currently it's been 90 percent we knew
on the trampoline you eating a pickle
and cheese sandwich in bed quality
content guys thumbs up absolute amazing
quality pickled eaten content embed
knowledge even bored she's just turn
away and just gone I don't even know if
I'm ever even then upload this blog go
anything to add no all right that sums
up the vlog a catch in the morning
farewell good night sleep tight don't
let the bedbugs bite
okay
