good morning guys good morning guys how
you doing there's probably no point we
starting the vlog now because it is so
windy I doubt you can even hear me crap
good morning guys given and I can
finally vlog well as you know I took
yesterday offer vlogging to stay at my
friend's woodland my friend's forest
there was no phone signal no internet no
laptop I didn't even have my beloved
mobile on me and you know what I quite
enjoyed it like it was actually kind of
cool so there was no vlogging yesterday
I woke up this morning sat around the
fire had a little coffee and then
decided to come down to the beach to
join my friend Louie who was doing some
like crazy motorised petrol surfing and
clean even vlog yet because it was so
windy and I don't have like a little
windy fluffy thing on the top of the
canvas so you haven't really seen much
of a vlog today so far the time is
currently 246 and I'm about to drive
home to go see Zoe I haven't seen them
what feels like forever but it's
actually like 30 hours or something yeah
whoo you guys having a lovely day
it's Monday for you the start of the
week go out there and just get it
whatever is get it get it done do it I'm
feeling good today if there is a
blooming of the day and it's a Sunday
and it's chilled and I haven't have
logged edit because I didn't I didn't
film yesterday you can head home can I
go
that's everything three puppies a Missy
you having a little sunbathe with your
little piggy oh I've just got home to
see that there is a birthday cake here
for when Zoe's friends Rover so the last
couple of days is one of their birthdays
and there is so much cake left you are
this is exactly what I want right now
Oh dog go on there you know when you do
something and you have instant regret
like you just don't think about what
you're doing before you do it that's me
right now I thought it was like three
o'clock lunch time and I've just had a
double-shot Coffee turns out 7:00 p.m.
it's blooming 7:00 p.m. and I'm just a
double-shot Coffee that goes one thing
and one thing only a load of not so
morning backflips
I should not be coming to the office on
a Sunday evening but I can't stop
thinking about a couple of things I'm
warm being that I have an open all of
the presents down here from you guys on
my book tour so let's open the company's
what is this
yeah look at that piece of art the
massive wooden Allah yeah that's sick
get the PV Murch plug out if you've only
been watching the blocks for a little
bit you will only know this design here
the PV design this here is another
design another logo that I did used to
use if you think I should bring this one
back and still use this one as well
though give the video a thumbs up let me
know that's sick
thank you very much hi happy I've been
watching your videos for about three
years now and I love them I hope you
like my painting love you from Kaylee
what you're about to see is the biggest
card you will ever see in your life look
at this it can't even fit on the camera
we love Alfie
are you ready look at the size of this
oh my gosh
yo oh my god and they've even put so
many quotes that I've said in videos
sorry about my hair this blindfold looks
like a bra do morville makes you happy
stop building someone else's dream and
start building your own let's see what
we've got in here what is this some
customized chocolate a giant candy one
two feet long look at the bloomin size
of that look at necklace a gummy the
black that is insane
thank you very much whoever sent this to
me let's ignore the fact that an hour
has passed I've just been sat on my
laptop watching YouTube videos in bed
and I'm currently just a t-shirt boxes
but it is them it is it is time to make
some dinner
you're probably going to get reflection
from somewhere in the kitchen of me and
my underwear tonight
I'm going to cook up because if I don't
cook it up today I think it goes that
deep tomorrow I'll know the noodles
already our bloody date I was going to
cook up a stir-fry is it bad to eat
free-range egg noodles a day out date
feel like it is because it's egg and you
don't eat eggs out of day all right let
me smell them if it doesn't smell bad
and surely it's okay oh yeah I smell a
bit funky yeah yeah yeah what else can
we go with with my chicken I'm a vet I
really just want our chicken and veg for
dinner
so like it'd be good to have something
else as well maybe or maybe some
cauliflower cheese as well
you
and I'm done I don't if it looks very
good but I mean so we had in the fridge
there's not many things that I don't eat
with soy sauce I put it on everything
and also only this specific one this is
the only one I drink this is the best
probably means it's the most unhealthy
Arden I don't even think about judging
me I just have bloomin chicken and
vegetables for dinner so it's just
falling asleep now it's hot boss 12:00
at night and I realized realize that I
can locked any of the doors and all the
lights on downstairs
I'm not going to in my vlog tonight I'm
going to end it tomorrow because I've
got some exciting news that you guys
have been waiting for and I'm going to
insert it now it is time to tell you
guys all of the recent competition
winners because as you know we've had a
bloomin lot of much giveaways post two
giveaways all happening recently with
the much sling shot wetland or don't
judge my socks and sliders no one
respect to see that we've got so much
going on recently so it's time to
announce our picture the winners got
them on my laptop here so without
further ado last night whilst we were in
bed Zoey picked the winner of the black
PB t shirt weer going to send one out
we'll get in touch with one of the
winners and some of that her twitter
name is Chloe
Alwyn so Chloe you're watching
congratulations or the black PB t-shirt
whatever said it out to you also I
should just know that if you don't win
there's getting more opportunities
don't be gutted that you didn't win be
happy for everyone else who did win okay
they had just as good charts as you
everyone had an equal chance John picked
the green t-shirt winner and he an is
also submitted a little video clip tell
me a random name and I'll find someone
in my comments with that name and give
them it you're going to pick some of
ridiculous you weird I'm not gonna Eddie
on what you with that name okay okay
okay sick so I went on search for
somebody was the name Evie to win and I
found easy Galois or going Evie go add
our BB congratulations you've won the
green EB t-shirt I had a little bit of
difficulty with the Steve book of
winners because number one he caught all
three t-shirts like to pick three
winners but number two to these
currently on the plane to Iceland so I
kind of can pick and ask him to pick any
winners so I just have to freestyle and
pick three people myself so Steve if
you're watching I hope you don't mind
but I had to let everybody know the
winners and you're in Iceland I can't
get contacts I can't get in touch with
you
so the first black t-shirt winner is any
Tyler Ken on Twitter the green t-shirt
winners mr. scales Styles on Instagram
and the blue tees your twitter is from
Instagram Kiki
Kyra 0 3 congratulations that's all the
PB much winners ok and now we're onto
the poster 1 and I've signed as well as
down the bottom down there posted two
sizes on the bottom down there these are
in my office for an old office these are
one of one there is no others of these
in the world we literally just got one
each printed my old office and now I
don't need it on the wall anymore
because I put the new updated covers so
the person that is going to receive this
in the post their twitter name is is a
good one love without the xox
congratulations you won you won this one
I'm going to keep it all rolled up
nicely here we'll send it in the post
and finally the winner of the last item
this is win it I thought I've come not
hosting like a game show like
congratulations you've won decide based
on this is from Instagram called Lina
dot Horgan H Aug and Haugen Horgan I
don't know if you know who you are if
you won Lina
you've won this so I'm going to send
that out to you as well that's 7 winners
in today's videos congratulations
we'll have a round of applause for the
winners the winners of today's
merchandise if you enjoy giveaways if
you want me to anymore give the video a
thumbs up let me know down below in the
comments and next time a guest is over
we can get them on the thermal ensure
the PE Bech if you want to buy you match
yourself link is down below as always go
grab so much subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch you tomorrow
I catch it too more writing goodnight
guys goodbye
