good morning guys good morning how
you're doing just got up and I'm weekend
Steve and I a little cheeky iced coffee
H I think he's still asleep in bed
he's always clearing all the feet up
some last night
Nyla's running around some accordant
error Joey's probably having another
piece I just made you a drink in like
either wrote thank you iced coffee
no yeah we seen that dick you have the
most selective hearing like Zoey I've
ever seen in my life
no Zoey is like it to me over the tribe
a two-faced oh yeah I listened it
up you can shop in the back a little
little more come on Eddie just realize
we got something ahead show you keep
your eyes closed but your hands out you
have to guess what it is okay Papa Qi
supposed o Qi to guess what it is
this UK weather is just insane but this
morning it did not look like a nice day
so put on blue jeans long socks and now
I'm absolutely sweating my butt off I've
been in office for a couple of hours
Steve's gone home Joe's gone back to
Wilshere I want to say you drove up to
Wiltshire whoops sure we'll share we'll
ship will share farmer Wilkes here and
I've been in my office for the last
couple of hours started editing the vlog
being on the phone to my lawyer for like
45 minutes
cracking all over tons of emails and you
and just sweating sweating out however
one thing that I have not done this
morning is don't dance didn't bid I feel
that we need some like trampoline
back-lit morning backflip music anyone
wants to wear make a song and send it to
me tweet me a song guys that is your
challenge you have to make me a morning
backflip song so that when I'm like this
hey I can I can play the music but look
at the brimming sky I just told you it
was hot
completely blew a set from that don't
ignore that that completely blow also
can I show you my beautiful plant and
I've had done at the office when I first
got this office all of these plants one
here so we've got this little guy he or
she needs a name but all of these little
plants big old bushy boy this tree was
already here these went here this is all
new all new or no and this tree here we
had to relocate there it was actually
here where this circle is but prefer the
stairs inside here these are so thin and
so tiny to go upstairs if I want a sofa
or anything upstairs in this in the
office and the cottage I have to put it
through one of the top windows and when
the tree was here it was in the way so
if I ever want to put a sofa in there
which I think I do I'm gonna have to put
a ladder up here and put the sofa
through the windows so that is why mr.
tree has been relocated over there in
case you're wondering knowing I have
like four or five of her school friends
coming over for the weekend I'm kind of
not actually around oh that you'll see
why I'll tell you why I see you'll see
why in the vlogs so this morning we've
had a major rush around tidy in the
house because it was it just gets so
messy so quickly because we're still in
the moving process we'll still get so
many deliveries every single day so we
get so much recycling so much rubbish
just boxes everywhere and whilst working
it's super hard to keep on top of it so
so we spent the last hour to run amok
maniacs Hoover in the house changing all
the bedding
put in a blow-up bed up for one of Zoe's
friends taking all the rubbish and
recycling now what else have we done
bought over all of the presents from the
book signings that were at the house all
of these boxes here full of presents
from you guys at my cardiff and
difficult book signings that you know
and you get a really nice cold drink but
only you guys could feel this let me see
how I see it is just so it all my gosh
yeah anyone can you do one yeah I think
I know one quickly like do something
with that so just go off of an hour and
20 minute phone call which was crazy
exciting about Halliwell if you did not
hello well this hello world hello world
through members of my friend Marcus
Butler used to start all of his videos
good hello writer is Marcus Butler
anyways I barely comes any of it but I
was on the photo line hour and twenty
minutes talking about new talent that
are soon going to be announced talking
about things of merchandise that's going
to be there much lost it is not going to
be any worse because limited edition is
special to the event talking about dings
and who's texting me Steve Booker stop
texting me ow
let me put my slider back on basically
talk about all the fun things that were
planning on announcing to you guys and
one we're going to announce them and how
we're going to announce them so if you
don't already know what hello well is I
will leave a link down below it's a new
YouTube event never been number four
made with so much help from youtubers so
I'm involved jozin vote vote invoked
Casper zero marks involved Jim's
involved Zoe's involved Louise's
involved KS is involved all he whites in
but like there is so many people that
are coming about to say couple of names
that I'm not allowed to say yeah because
they're not actually announced it's so
nearly just leaked details that I'm not
allowed to say so if you're not coming
then the one you're not coming but you
should be coming it's in Birmingham I'll
leave some links down below it's
basically you know when you go to a
YouTube event I explain this floor
before in a blog and you just queue up
for like five hours to me a youtuber and
it's boring as heck like yeah it's
amazing you get to meet that youtuber
for like 20 seconds or no
not even at like five seconds this event
is not like that there is so much fun
amazing stuff for you for you guys who
come to do at the event there isn't just
standing in a line standing in a queue
waiting to meet your favorite youtuber
it's not about that putting aside all of
the people that you want to meet like
pretend pretend that you're not going to
be anyone and not see anyone the actual
event itself the stuff that's going on
the things that there are for you to do
when you're there I'm going to be so
sick that it's just going to be amazing
I've got to get out my office I'm not
going to say anymore about hello well if
you want to come link is down below to
grab your butter ticket I've had a
secret I've kept a secret from you for
the last two days sometimes there's
things that we notice about ourselves
that others wouldn't even notice about
if we didn't tell them so there has been
something that I've kept a secret from
you for the last all of today and all of
yesterday it's not a big thing at all
basically when I was shaving and you
probably won't have noticed this if you
say you have noticed I don't believe you
you're lying so when I was having a
shave yesterday more than just trimming
all my stubble up it kind of run out
here so if you look at this side of my
face look how long that is see how long
that beard is still short that being is
it ran out here since moving I haven't
needed to charge my big trimmer until it
ran out on me yesterday and now I can't
find my beard trimmer charger so I'm
stuck with this not going to have to go
and buy a new beard trimmer this bloomin
this noise you ready wait for it comes
that bloomin noise is so annoying stop
shut up stop there we go it's good that
the noise is annoying because it means
that it makes you get your claims at the
washing machine
shut away come to share nose and you
doing no I like this
this is cool whoa yeah if anyone is ever
looking to buy a sauna don't worry about
it just come sit in my car
honestly this is like so you could see
that this is the guy 30 pounds just
because I lost my bloody charger why was
this 143 pounds one blades trim edging
shave any length hair looks like a
better version now I don't know about
you but I had to go for the pro you
can't even see me because of the shadow
serious though I bought the pro one it
was 13 pounds more which I mean I just I
just trust it I trust that it's going to
be 13 tons better that's why I bought it
and I'm finally going over to trim that
long bit of being adhere that I've been
in for two days
all because I lost my charger don't lose
your charges always end up in 43 pounds
so behind the mirrors in our bathroom
we've got little plug sockets for raises
and stuff so just put the new one put on
a charge
jumping back in the car a couple of
hours since our last film to clip it's
got my car keys one minute take two got
my car keys this time it's been a couple
of hours since I since I filmed anything
to the vlog but then if I told you or
not today's been pretty hectic that that
we've got two loads of Zoe's school
friends over the tonight and all of
tomorrow
and I think tomorrow night leaving on
Sunday so we're just spending time
hanging out them one of those friends
got her two little boys over and they're
so cute we've been on the trampoline
with him but I've just jumped on the
phone and I've ordered everybody a pizza
face if you've been watching these vlogs
for before we moved house into this
house then you'll know that we used to
be obsessed with this place back next to
our old house called pizza face it's
basically like imagine a pizza that's
slightly healthy like I'm not going to
say healthy because it's to the pizza
but slightly healthy not just like a
grease bucket on go that's what it is
and it is insane it's delicious so I've
ordered that for everybody and I'm going
to go and pick it up going to go pick it
up now also just provide a plugin you
know when I said to you I was going to
tell you what I'm up to tonight and
tomorrow turns out that I'm not up to
that thing tonight and what I'm a drug
so let you tell me now let me put you
there so I can chat so basically you
know my friend Dave Erasmus he he lives
in a shepherd's hut in the woods as you
know we literally went to go and buy
that shepherd's hut with him
and we picked it up and I've been
helping him build his new shepherd's hut
and we built the van
together with Shaun basically you know
my friend Dave well he's having like a
friends friends I want to say like
camping experience trip on I don't even
know what I'm saying I'm too hungry I
haven't had lunch yet and it's like ha
plus 6 it's not as 10 minutes plus 7
Dave's basically having a couple of
friends over to his land and we're all
taking the time completely offline to
just like no phones
nothing chill he's even booked he's told
me he's booked a masseuse to come to the
land tomorrow to give everyone massages
like it's going to be that bloomin
relaxing so I'm taking tomorrow off of
vlogging um and I've
a hanging out in the boiled air don't
know what the plan is like he's got a
schedule he's got a plan for us all
Louise go in there it's fan Andy's going
there like I don't I don't know
everybody going we're all just taking
time off line completely off like I've
said to Zoe I'm Loudoun to be that
texting her tomorrow I was meant to be
on tonight and sent tonight all of
tomorrow understand Sunday we're not
staying tonight anymore we're all
meeting tomorrow at 10:00 a.m. doing all
of tomorrow staying the night and then I
think we're getting breakfast together
on Sunday we're having breakfast on the
fire and then I think we're all going to
be dispersing going back home to normal
so tomorrow I'm taking off of vlogging
because it's a no no technology no
social nothing kind of thing and I'm
excited excited oh everyone going I
don't know what we're doing it's just
it's going to be cool anyways if I rob
for any longer then what's going to be
called is mobile and pizza as in cold
America's Most Wanted mean I'm still
around
I did know ones and we still know why be
honest with me now is it weird that I've
just put my pizzas in the passenger seat
with a seatbelt on I just want to
protect them you know when I look after
them
oh look a you or you like you're in
prison
you're cozy in your bed you're all
wrapped up with rocks and besides I had
to look a bit more even know no matter
what you do I hateful never look I'm in
my vlog now guys I'm absolutely in
Africa we were just watching and naked
attraction all of us like all seven of
us on the sofa watching the program that
I've shown you guys before where one
person has to pick some who's got a date
with out of six people that are
completely butt naked in front of the
write everything out somehow we all
ended up watching that and I fell asleep
on the sofa yesterday I don't know
watching them fall asleep on the sofa I
think is whenever the fires on it's just
so warm that it makes me fall asleep I
did it if you enjoy the blog give it a
thumbs up subscribe there see how many
new subscribers we can get from this
video as I said earlier on today
remember that
no vlog tomorrow because I'm taking the
day off completely off of any technology
not even offline just off of technology
in general and yield I don't think you
can I don't know I don't know if I like
it's not me it's funny yeah I know I
don't know if there's an agreement that
will just not go in on social or whether
it is really an agreement where no
anything no one's using a phone I'm not
making sure all donors don't meet
tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock and we're
staying over and then Sunday morning
we'll leave when you will be returning
to me because every Sunday morning you
know so know let me in you say your keys
or technology no take my keys for then
you just see me walk back in the house
we got anything you want to say to the
camera I always ask you you always say
no lincolnland up that on TV later on
yeah I have you know it's light and our
way or something is nice we should go I
mean I think it is for kids
yes well like maybe we should go I still
in love Lego I would love to take our
kids that one day could avoid something
to go still be now we have kids in 20
years
I love doing like I know there is no
flashy level of legal trouble me and Jim
made that Lego saying we thought it
would take us like half an hour and
actually took us two and a half hours
yes I do remember that that was the
worst video I've ever deterred it could
be two half hours of footage I much
footage I had to watch the whole thing
was was anything yes - I enjoyed yeah
the norm times this guy Buster's I'll go
back to my bedroom no yet you're going
to go slow go back to that my house
Rob's in this studio no Sekou go into
the other bed okay I'll let you have fun
tonight where's Tanya Oh
one minute I'm gonna let me turn the
camera off wait are you going to seat on
then all right let me write no no no
pretend Jen's fine you can come back in
the room now if you want you can come
back in Todd's probably gonna watch this
blonde up be like I'm confused
what the hell is going on needle I see
another you watch my other blog the
other day guys you'll know that so in I
like to do pretend YouTube secret chats
pretend the camera's off together much
you enjoy life not good night I think
you need to redo that and new because
the director is going to be a bit
disappointed that you didn't give him a
couple more options
haha also you've not made it very easy
for like editing and three to edit that
you didn't say take four which is that
the volume of knowledge poems loud
enough but is it mega nothing that we've
actually bought adorable guys can we
make that all you have nine opponent a
little bit louder on back okay by
swearing
already powering not actually cap you
let them realize people don't realize
Knoll is actually a cat David I was
going on watch the time wait I'll catch
you guys in the morning
thanks so much subscribed or the nice
stuff one thing I didn't do today
I completely forgot I will do it guys
comment again X blog not the common
ordinary just made up a new thing and
what is your net comment for the Indians
yeah every day you've got to pick up the
winners for when you did the slingshot
so is joe and solid stage and I've got
to pick the winners for my book one and
two original posters I will pick them
guys don't you worry keep tweeting me
keys how do I go with your I'm up in a
10 minutes
hi guys
okay
