good morning guys good morning welcome
to day three of the cottage project
Zoe's jumped on board to help me out
with like the decoration I was gonna do
this bit by myself and then Zoe offered
and I was like I can't say no Zoe is the
queen of interiors like unbelievable and
as you know the kitchen literally has if
you haven't seen the vlog the first day
no if you haven't seen the first day of
the project go check it out then watch
the second day I was this job is
probably going to make no sense I'm
guessing by watching this front of the
video you have also these have just gone
on sale as this video has gone live
these have gone on sale this is the most
limited item I've ever release on my
merch store there is the least number of
these available ever never gonna be
restocked links down below if you want
to go grab one we are looking for
cutlery looking for mugs looking for and
mirror looking for artwork looking for
anything pretty that's gonna make the
kitchen seem homely this is what we need
to buy from here there is so much to do
to make it look as good as I have in my
head yeah that's cool I think this is
also cool and that's the bumpy just
because it looks quite old school
doesn't bargain for small plates for bid
plates that's a bit leopard print II oh
is literally leopard print I think this
is cool because it's very cottagey 25
pounds as well bargain oh yeah they're
nice they kind of match look amigo these
are kind of cute they're quite modern
maybe like this
the little coffee ones down here coffee
and tea some glasses three non-stick
pans 18 or we got silver ones here these
stainless steel stainless steel black
I think stainless steel that's fighting
those ones with the stainless steel lids
four of these this is looking so good we
just found the best plant whoo also I'm
just buying this for myself as well that
game looks so fun no idea what it is
we're about spend a lot of money
make it a winning run 119 pounds more
about 10 pounds of that was for my game
so only 109 pounds 50 guys check out the
quality of this camera here as de I can
literally vlog on this at such good
quality
is so clear I don't know if you remember
from the last project if you did watch
the van one we went to a place called
the wood store a ton and they were like
awesome like it was a Kiki relationship
that we built to make the vamp watch it
happen that's where I'm headed now to
try and get some shelves hopefully
fingers crossed some kind of stools or
seating as well what do you mean how's
your house your room going going it's
really nice of you to wear my new merch
under the way you got it but it's really
nice of you just arrived this place has
got more than what we need the best
thing is I think would be a couple of
these we've got two of them or like a
bench with the benches are pretty
expensive they're 150 pounds I can't
spend how much money out of the budget
we also need shelves that's one thing we
really need for some of this get a
couple of these brackets and something
like that for a shelf if we could get a
couple of them oh yeah that's nice yeah
yeah that's good but then we obviously
got the legs for it as well and the
little middle bit as well that's really
nice that's the one I'll carry that
horizontal yeah
does this middle bear need to poke out
this side no you need to perfect you can
do to make you pretty
how successful was that we bought a
chalkboard announced there we've got
chalk for the chalkboard we put it on
the what's it called like the conveyor
belt then where you like check out yeah
that's ordered some lunch
on the thing where you check out and
then for summary we just didn't didn't
get it didn't pay for he just
disappeared
so we now have a talk board down here
but don't have any talk I mean I think
we've got bigger things to worry about
like instead of buying a bench just then
to save money I bought wood to make a
bench yeah I'm not a fun for you and ASA
to do if we had time but I need to get
there I'm literally ace is going to turn
up later after a day of work you see
that and be like are you joking me you
just added more to our plate like yeah
what do you want
I'm excited the quickest lunch break in
the world Zoey's got like nine minutes
until the meeting should not be doing
this but it is too tempted so I mean I
have to have a lunch after lunch at some
point in a day's there's literally
nowhere to get lunch so I'm gonna smash
this as quick as I can and then get back
on the road this is going to give me the
energy for what is about to commence
today
boy well if we got going in the fire
boys
Toby's cooking up a storm hi oh yeah
where we've got enough bitch bloody hell
Oh sick you know the other day we
mentioned about some little things that
were going to give to you guys these
here we're gonna send two how many we
got we've got ten so we're gonna send
ten big board we've got involved with
hashtag or donated money who have given
their Nana grandad a call and Laos no
we're gonna just give ten of them away
these are real tiles from the kitchen
itself
you literally peeled them off yourself
Denis yeah and then I got them out of a
bag outside at four
well it was your idea and then I
salvaged them and I was like yeah we
paint these up like the tiles they yeah
yeah that's looking pretty good isn't it
then we can like sign them or whatever
and send them off to you and hopefully
they get to your magic people put them
on their wall that we shake so I went I
was it on totally so what should it be
it should be if you use the hashtag
Brenda's cottage on any social media or
you've commented relieve any of our
videos or you've donated we'll just pick
ten people from across the the space
yeah jaqen yeah and on the donation page
obviously yeah and then we'll pick them
in like a week's time we'll let you all
let you know who's won and we'll get in
touch with you of IDMS or whatever and
we'll get them sent out perfect exciting
that's literally something from the
cottage yourself off the wall here sorry
about the painting in advance they
haven't been paying very well time to
get cracking day three and just time to
get cracking this place already looks
like an absolute tip all right the shops
coming together chairs coming together
it may be your hot bus 5:00 in the
evening and I bought this the other day
little copy machine so what you do you
pull the bottom on that's your cup top
put your water in there
screw this off pop a cap shop boys
especially crops thing yeah Capshaw in
there turn that pick water in here on
there just our Dave David boy come and
check this wow wow wow have a seat
little dose of things boy boom
this fits all painted up we're just
waiting for it to dry before we can put
the little shelves on we've got one of
these bill aces about stop building the
other one we've just put this up on the
wall it'll talk forward
I sure know eaten yet bro iron he's been
making the bread made is he eating he's
been making the bread stop stealing way
that snort a get your hands after there
Toby is currently deep-frying
kale on the fire yeah yeah way let's
have a little shot off yeah a little a
little one straw ready oh that will go
oh sorry
look at these guys are getting on the
bread this is part of our seat that we
bought earlier here ace is about to do
the shelves what you need some of these
this like random idea it's pretty
amazing
I'm really impressed really I'm
impressed with your room as well I hate
to say it but I really am the shelves
often they look Savage they look so good
we're now about to stick this little
bead the beading along the back toby is
killing it and all of this has just been
good from two open fires oh my gosh
a magician sure this so happy look at
him we got wait to eat David even put a
shirt on
this looks Savage yes Toby we've got a
welcome doormat over there we bought the
other day yeah it's got a spot for the
map oh wow and we're right in the middle
of tidying up everything and getting it
all finished and ready we just got to
sort the table out still pretty messy
Toby's done dessert oh yes
what is going on this is their two
layers of desserts show us how it's
going exactly well you got cheese creme
fraiche sauce strawberries blueberries
cheese with no practice and then popular
is that caramelized sugar yeah I won't
do enough wait
just found out the three day project
mine will be three days what's happening
nothing man
aces go back tomorrow I've got meetings
all tomorrow honey these guys are going
shopping for more goods for their room
I've just had a little check on the
donations 95% 419 people have donated
yeah yeah that'd be mad yes guys keep
donating thank you bye in the car it's
time to head home
wait I didn't give you a proper rundown
let me jump back in I didn't give you a
proper rundown of what the rooms are
currently looking like I need to show
you
end of day three obviously it's a three
day project so the rooms are completely
darton but they're just not hoovered at
the moment let me show you why we've got
the little welcome mat we started
tidying or the floor the kitchen what is
Shawn doing it's brimming naked take
your nice clothes off Fleming ACK this
this is looking nice got the flowers
they'll clock the new lights the painter
tiles put the up put this little bit up
here today same pantry plant literally
the stuff we've been bringing and you'd
be making like you made that stall yeah
within 30 minutes we needed it for
dinner yeah we used it it's in the other
room now is the dessert trolley I'm
heading off well I'll catch you guys
tomorrow
I'm officially the luckiest person ever
like let me tell my Colin just to show
you in case you don't believe me
this is currently how much petrol I have
zero
I literally have 0% for miles left and
I'm kind of someone like 14 miles away
from my house
I was literally driving just then on the
motorway like I'm not gonna make it
dinner where I can pull over just took
off a random turning and like shawm
which apparently I'm in now and then I
get to the petrol station and it's all
closed over here you can see it's
literally all closed I was like oh my
gosh I don't know what I'm gonna do and
then luckily two of the pumps or pay at
the pump kind of thing so you just put
your credit card in there if these two
didn't exist I honestly don't know how
we've gone like I don't if this car has
like a reserve tank or whether that is
my reserve tank like four miles left and
on more than four miles away from my
house I've never got that close to
running out of petrol before and I was
literally on the motorway light don't
know I'm gonna do it's 11 o'clock at
night and I'm about to run out a bit on
the roadway luckily luckily though I
didn't it's currently the next day when
I got back last night
I literally just crashed and fell asleep
I didn't realize is well I've just no I
did realize I've just never thought
about how physically demanding like
doing up a kitchen and building work is
like labor work is very very physically
exhausted like building chairs and
painting and doing tire wasn't
everything like that that does take it
out of you I'm not used to that amount
of work so I was super tired last night
didn't get in the vlog also on the way
home we just want to speak about
something that happened like as bad from
our memory one sec okay we're all
getting now last night when I was
driving home after getting petrol I was
overtaking a car there was two lanes on
a dual carriageway there was a massive
massive like cement truck kind of I
don't even know what it was like a
massive truck lorry kind of thing in the
slow lane
I was overtaking it I'm not somebody
that ever speeds like a works super
closely as you know with direct line
about promoting safe driving and driving
really well so I was going like 68 if
not 70 whilst overtaking this truck kind
of thing the truck was probably going
like 60 miles per hour so it took me a
good maybe like 15 seconds to overtake
it not incredibly long but like 10 15
seconds to overtake this truck then this
other car however was like up my bum and
yes I was in the faster lane and I was
only going 78 exactly I wasn't going
faster than 70 and but I was overtaking
somebody it wasn't like I was sitting in
the lane so I was overtaking it as I was
overthinking it this car was honestly
behind me like three meters behind my
bum of my car like so close to my car up
my ass it was insane and as soon as I
possibly could change back into the slow
lane I changed back into the slow lane
going 70 miles per hour still at 68 70
back into the slow lane and he went past
me and I thought he was just gonna be
like boom just whizzed past because he
was annoyed that I was going 70 in the
fast lane some reason but he changed
into the slow lane as well which really
threw me off because I was like he's
super eager to get going he's so close
up the back of my car that it's like
scaring me like honestly like this far
away for me from the back of my car life
I'd slow down and he did in the on
accident instantly anyways he changes in
front of me change his lane and I'm like
why is he changing lane I thought you
needed to get somewhere and he was like
speeding he then slammed on his brakes
to 40 miles per hour so we both go in 70
incredibly close to each other he slams
on his brakes to 40 I had to literally
push my brakes so hard and I was worried
that the truck was going to hit me from
behind but I'm like slowed down to 40 he
then just whizzes ahead like because he
was so annoyed that I was overtaking the
truck and I was in the fast lane go and
said
and I wasn't speeding he cut in front of
me and slammed his brakes on like
daddy's in sane he literally like nearly
made me crash but into him because I was
in the fast lane going 70 for like 10
seconds 15 seconds like it was crazy
he literally nearly on purpose made me
crash into him not just crash not crash
into him yo I don't know like there's
already much as I can say than that
because nothing happened
luckily because I was like paying full
attention I put my brakes on hard but
yeah I signed it you know because it was
pretty man scary on the way home Ivan
that it was all good came home fell
asleep the video do you're watching this
is the end of all the building all the
construction on the cottage all we need
to do when we go in the next vlog for
you is Hoover up get rid of all of the
rubbish and then the competition is done
it's over then our official adjudicator
comes in and judges the front room
compared to the kitchen and we can find
out who did a better job me and ASA or
Dave and Josh that is the question let
me know who you think is doing the best
job so far let me know what you think of
our kitchen and Toby's awesome cooking
last night I was most delicious dinner
ever if you've enjoyed the video I know
it's a little bit different at the
moment I know the project isn't my
normal vlogs hanging out with family and
friends and going to the gym and stuff
like that I know it's been of a switch
up but I've really really been enjoying
it you're putting a lot of work into
doing something physical that you can
see a big change and also I like that
you couldn't go into a project whatever
it is that we're just using a kitchen in
this example whatever project it is in
life that you want to accomplish
whatever skill it is that you want to
learn but I've gone into doing a kitchen
up with of course I've got my friend I
used to helping me who's a plumber but
no he's a plumber he's not normally
taken toilet off the walls and stuff
we're just like doing whatever we think
is gonna work and just doing it and we
started with not very nice kitchen we're
ending with what I think is a lovely
kitchen we've spent about two or three
hundred pounds which is not a lot to be
your kitchen up neither us have the
direct skills to do it we've just done
it and I think it
Mazin being able to see the progress of
a three day project if you just put your
mind to it and you just go whatever it
is in life that you want to accomplish
even if you feel that you're not skilled
enough or you're not skilled enough give
it a go you never know what you can
accomplish it could be awesome and it
could be worthwhile so I'll leave you
with that or I just punch myself in the
face I'll see you tomorrow subscribe if
you're not already go down below turn
the little Bell button on as I said
these are just gonna sell if you want
one I don't if there's gonna be any left
by the end of this blog by the time you
finish watching it but and be quick if
you want one because there is literally
not many at all available once they're
gone they're gone then there's no much
next month on the 1st of March and then
the 1st of April within the 1st of May
give the video a thumbs up as well
whilst you're doing it they're down
below give it a thumbs up and then I'll
catch you tomorrow I'll see you soon
Hey
