well that went really I I was not
expected to start the vlog like this but
whilst while stopping on book tour
you know this door here the other day I
was trying to get into it in the vlog
and it had a big lock on there and I was
putting the code in and it just wouldn't
open if you didn't see the vlog I had a
massive lock like a proper security big
coded lock on this door because in this
room is where I keep all my cameras or
my expensive filming gear my drums my
tripods my memory cards everything is
within this room and for some reason the
coating on there wouldn't open the other
day
so while stars on my book tour my PA had
to get someone to come in and crowbar it
off the bloody door so now the door
opens but look look at the door she
literally had to get somebody to come in
with a crowbar and just snap it off the
door anyways good morning guys good
morning how ya doing hope you're having
a lovely day it is extremely miserable
outside it is raining so bloomin much
but the reason why I come straight to
the office is because I need to put on
simpler than PB large one of us
merchandise so my book tour finished
completely I'm also not in focus what's
going on here I have so much fun on tour
meeting so many of you guys every single
day so I just want to say I've said
before thank you so much for the love
and support on the book tour it's sold
out incredibly fast look at this one of
my books two of my books three my books
for my books and all four of them number
one bitumen best sellers that is insane
before I had all of these on the wall
here these new book covers I used to
have the old book covers Bava sees we've
got the new ones we don't use these ones
anymore and these are like
professionally printed massive book 1
and book two originals so what I'm going
to do
I'm going to sign them both there's one
and that one and I'm going to give them
away in this video because I don't need
them anymore I've got the newer one so
if you guys want this or this one here
they're pretty big it can be like the
cool poster on your wall so I'm on me as
well this is nice stuff I don't know
what should you do follow PV mert one
Instagram give video a thumbs up just be
supportive online tweet be comment on
the video subscribe I pick two of you
tomorrow and let me know and I'll shoot
them up and send them out to you come to
these the office I bet you Zoey looks
amazing is all dress really lovely I'm
currently wearing a comfortable hoodie
some tracksuit bottoms and oh no I
haven't done my morning backflip but
look at the weather I can't possibly do
a backflip on there I will get soaked or
do I just do it do I just do it
do I just do it oh my gosh I'm doing
this in sliders as well this is going to
be the worst decision imagine oh no guys
I'd be it so wet my feet is so wet why
am I doing this because it's a morning
backflip and it has to be done oh my god
but oh my god I'm so wet my feet are
soaked let's go let's go
we're done the morning backflip good
morning guys give the video a thumbs up
links down below to my merchandise
get all the plugs in plug myself links
links links subscribe give the video
oh my god my feet are soaked I just read
to everybody I bet though he's going to
be dressed really nicely look it's all
your hair done your makeup done I
thought like very anything on look at me
look at my shoes look at my feet you put
you're going to can't go with you
my Gucci sliders Tony I am if even bacon
so he's obviously been baking guys this
looks incredible you know that's exactly
what I need you're going to come back
and work hello good morning guys good
morning how you doing I would like to
you if I left it there and said that it
was the morning because it's not it is
currently five to four in the afternoon
I've had a very busy day in the office
all morning guys we've got a work sushi
party for lunch today
Joe likes the ones with red seedless
joke Reggie Reggie Reggie some seaweed
mate oh you need to try these the coach
Reggie roll yeah that's the best one oh
cool why me
wait even got these little things you
know the things we pop them all in you
go at the top we have had one of them
yeah I know sue made it for us
from the sushi counter she's already
felt pride check this so now to that
little glass ball you touch it put the
lid on you just cause oh God wasn't
putting out and now you take this out
yeah now you can drink there you go
little balls gotta get the mahkum clips
of Miss Lafleur because the ball is gone
let it's in there now but what's the
point of that was it just calling it why
there it's just a drink just their fun
like wasters guys call a little glass
pour your drink now finished up that
sushi party and currently you're waiting
on Joe even Allah in the Nile is waiting
on Joe aren't you you went to mr. sug
you ain't for mr. sug
cool that's going that's great one it's
demo now I'm speaking to you I'm I'm
absolutely let's film the video I've
just said yet let me enjoy filming the
video together there were two videos
together actually but I think Jo's
upstairs having a food at the moment oh
I saw this a couple dance them that's me
when I'm older
yeah of literally me oh yeah yeah that
is me to this when I'm older
can we talk about how when I first I
playing this song Zoey is like can you
turn it off because I play whenever I
like a song I play on repeat all day and
now here I put the song on Zoey's doll
can we put on the speakers coming out
now
jo Jo Jo's lips whimpering how long have
in burn for half an hour maybe more yeah
tender words though and Jo just finished
filming a crazy video like it is
literally insane you guys are not ready
for it I don't know what it's going up
some point on Jo's channel may or may
not have just got to the office and got
even more sushi let me put this down on
the floor do my morning not so morning
that blip well I've got sushi now and
gonna enjoy my sushi Steve's just got
here
I areas oh wow well nice isn't it bouncy
goober - I'm so pensive just to the back
flip my your necklace and your teeth
yeah going you got that and I got
butterflies you got that going you got
it you got to just do it you got that
don't double out I'm not a dog or not no
bounces in just just do it yeah okay so
you can provide that guide you got it
you got it good right god you got that
once the last time I wanted something
genuinely is when we were in hell yeah
Jamie Oliver how did you bat flip well
then you got that and I'll get that get
that right there so there so there you
got you got that right you got that I
think I even caught on camera hi
oh that that thinking like I'm
going to come out and say like I'm
always on edge now you got me yeah I
mean they what I let's go get Joe Joe
has been up standing before the now
they're doing the my stairs for like two
hours we bail
Joe stood up in about two hours boy on
the trampoline bro crisping up that at
home
no I thought you know you're the best no
Shh I can't wake them up
Troy's been upstairs in two hours we
don't know we're here Wow Wow you never
get really tired maybe it is like our
fee is shooting is canon oh you're gonna
shoot his what I called you can't get it
that far
are you ready I'll see punchy coming up
hey can you just
oh god I think I was down there trying
to catch it are you the same one is
another ready come on Joe
come on oh you so nearly got that no it
was a verb is that all of them got the
green one so green t-shirt that means
Joe gets to somebody from the comments
of the vlog and I'll send them a green
t-shirt no the other day when I did the
merch slingshot and I gave away so much
that Zoey caught or they she didn't
actually catch it I just helped her out
a little bit and she cheated so as you
just saw Joe caught the green one which
means that Joe gets pick somebody from
the comments to get a green PB t-shirt
and now he's having to go with Steve
these done they're catchin up dropped
out black t-shirt you've got the rugby
catch them now maybe sending out so much
much yeah he's got it easy
Bosh though he's going to fire the green
one so probably stand about here one
bounce one hand oh ok so do you want
like fast at me low Zoe Zoe no oh my dad
Joe got this God I won't your heart and
why do hard yes I see my man do this we
always have you go by that time the
black one yeah
oh that's my mom my mom he wanted to go
did you I do a high one ready go wow I'm
really I you know what this is actually
for water bombs
it's savage yeah huh it's so good though
is just done with the table Steve and I
off to go and pick up a and then dollars
to go get in handles
yes thanks so much you've got that yes
sneaky chips no one would know I guess
in so you're just another video upstairs
all I can do is hear Joe screaming and
shouting Leon Boston what's happened
a design we will just sat down to watch
Rick and Morty was I saying that since I
was gone up says one about Steve's never
seen it before
I've only watched two episodes those
were very I've only watched care number
one and number two kinda did that thing
but fell asleep on the sofa I thought I
was half an hour whilst we're watching
the weirdest episode with Morty ever
spoon me allergy so the weirdest I've
only watched two but they won't like
that like they were weird episodes just
then and I just fell asleep about half
the time
I'm so tired hurry up in sleep-talking
yeah you thought about something like
you're like sissy sissy see to see you
know like alright me
okay cool cool story Steve stand over
tonight mr. Mahina made yes bet you
ain't going home now it's 1:00 in the
morning Josie the bath so he's probably
in bed I have a picture of me looking
wrong and sleep so you look at you when
you wake up though look your eye
I don't think member you're doing that
well you won't what I did it for a long
time as well before I even started
filming I was like this I doing this
again I remember I wake up and you
weren't moving at all
remember no no idea you I whoa what the
heck I'm so tired
oh you ain't Steve Trevor's motorbike
here today the only motor fight back at
1:00 in the morning pitch black walk
home if you want you can't stay there
sleeping the belt at the bottom of the
garden if you want sleep on the company
be quite chilled out yeah sleeping
inside the job all that be done does n
deed wake up and you be walking around
like a banana be swept as well like a
greenhouse I don't really know what to
say is that from the vlog that you've
just watched if you watch this far
congratulations that was the most
mismatched two day vlog put into one
with no ending so I'm ending it now I
hope you enjoyed it if you did give it a
big ol thumbs up good and below smash
thumbs up let's see how many we can
possibly get let's see if we can get
thirty thousand thumbs up on this video
that is your challenge if you're still
watching us you watch like 19 and a half
minutes or video thank you thanks for
watching watching my life so intensely
it means a lot to me I need to call
those guys up today which is tomorrow
for you and get them to pick their
winners for the competition on this
video if you want to win the PB match
that we are firing down the garden make
sure you're subscribed
leave a
down below tweet me and stuff like that
yeah and I just hope you enjoyed the
video that was a fun video I know it was
a bit disheveled all over the place I
had a lot of fun I hope you enjoyed it
thanks for watching please subscribe if
you already go down below hit the button
let me go live now I've on this website
all the time I can see my live
subscriber count' so if you do subscribe
I do actually see how make a difference
I have it on my phone please go down
below subscribe we're 4 million colonies
from a feminist four million twenty five
thousand two hundred and sixty seven
subscribers okay to tomorrow with a
brand new daily vlog good bye guys
divide the right debate
