good morning guys good morning how you
do it in I look like I'm right under the
water or something I woke up about an
hour and a half ago I've been on on the
phone call like a meeting for the past
45 minutes damn that was a late night
last night stayed up until like 3:00
a.m. editing the vlog to get it all
ready for today I'm currently in
Liverpool if you have no idea where I am
what to do I'm in a hotel in Liverpool
and I've got a book signing this
afternoon
actually this morning so 11 o'clock no
this is I'm talking about
I made it guys I thought I was going to
miss my breakfast get you have six
minutes until the end
back in the photo and just check-in that
I haven't left and if we saw yesterday's
vlog you all know how hard it is to know
if I've got everything because the
bloody size of this hotel room is like
bigger than a flat this is bigger than
that house got the room key got my bag
let's go to the book signing
oh no this is that kind of lighting that
is like if you look at yourself in the
mirror and you see every blemish every
spot everything on your video I hate
little eye tech don't look in the mirror
don't look at me so I've just got hit
with books I mean now I thought instead
of just going to time-lapse with you
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
give my camera one on the team here and
they're going to go out film some of you
guys in the car to point over there
I went through all the presents from you
guys and lisas found a bag of course yet
guys go oh my gosh so I got an email
from a restaurant the other day called
Barley's and beans inviting me down
whilst I'm here for the book signing
because apparently it's the place to
come
so we've just put two table we're about
to go in for lunch yeah we are getting
free shakes oh oh my god oh my god no
way thank you oh yeah amazing hot dog
just just realized this was arrived
before our foods actually arrived thank
you so much I think I've got it
we just got delivered a bubble waffle to
the table yeah this is ridiculous
about three minutes until this train
leaves I'm trying to walk with the way
to the end that's why it was so you guys
to do but I might miss it you're so busy
everyone's literally standing up after
so many hours of traveling today Jeebs
finally home I am home and said all
Fabien Sean at the front door scan says
a blooming love leaving I show you guys
the weather I'm going solo - Zoey
another then just got back to like 20
minutes to go Sean already over
go away go away and she's run away
somewhere
hey what's this what's this baby haha
look at a chitters like a greyhound time
to do some cooking without faith 452 in
this house because we have to cook now
who sends me don't hold ourselves gonna
cook more what today we're cooking up we
have very different choice we have milk
eggs ham yeah so on the other day I
bought this I was trying to be healthy
gonna watch from be healthy literally
sure did you see why other Lea no would
you need today
Natalie you didn't see no yeah I'll call
that starts today yeah that's why I'm
confused because you're not in it
your head let me get that you got Furman
engine earlier anyways so the other day
I was trying to be healthy they are so
healthy today I bought this I don't know
how good this is ready then
this is just pure egg whites I feel like
I should grate the cheese first
but I've already cut the gas off yeah
this is going to go ah so they can't
forget not worry don't worry
miniature cheese greener inside you
could call it good it all that is grown
that literally looks like jelly need a
threat what the heck is that mean way I
met you make an omelet bro or you get on
that omelet I mean I need a thingy and
one of these yeah in here the sergeant's
mean you don't listen to call it the
sauce and some garlic and chilies you
ready you animated I trap
miniature cheese miniature cheese grater
i cute should I break in no yeah no yeah
no yeah it'll break your chair Bay you
know what a good technique is well
cooking the bottom get the lid to the
pan put over the top to the egg on top
hooks as well pretty soon no idea what
you're coming on top pretend I know yeah
man that's a good idea
Annika where's the lid bro is your
kitchen
are you turning all the lights off we've
got a video shoot going on here and why
is that healthy hmm no because you told
me not to flip it yeah ah well oh my
gosh guys let me let me live
use that one first uh no it's not yeah
because you didn't flip it quick enough
it's not true I got that but I'm an
omelet yeah not a sleepy panel the
series just in the kitchen wrong time
wrong utensils OneNote afrien
oh shut up you go on shut up gon feel at
me
oh this is literally not an omelette Oh
what do you do it drawn ah papi stop
eating my phone and I know it's not
cooked on the other side ah because this
is my dinner you need to put that in
there now you go back in there and it's
water wash oh I thought you feelin did
Sean the glory those are all in the
phone as well oh hi now you don't go yet
I'm gonna cheat like boys can burn if
you guys get that more row recipes name
how she doesn't season anything he's the
opposite of puppy being one bit you
blood of you know area this old bit haha
I got that solid rock and roll you know
it's sort role you need to flip hair
it's going to burn on one side yeah I'm
good do you know I mean benefit and huh
just enhance what it yeah that's good
you know no it was not right get a
little art in add in and if he's like
well I should be dessert stop it
Oh who's watching this mine stop it is
not as what remember when those things
were in fashion general for watches yeah
oh my god no I never had one I was too
old
that me crap out there it was a crap on
omelette you ready
oh god sake
if you what pan out Tom little the
feeling's gonna fall out
yes one more oh no no thanks hey oh oh
oh that's good
yeah yeah it's so weird without the yoke
it does the reason I love egg hey I'm
not my friends
so are you having anything with it like
a salad or maybe banana maybe at least
Magrib succulent maybe yes holiday crazy
they're crazy omelet crazy on DIY days
oh this again they don't do it anymore
okay so snips you just write all again
really camera
my god see you there later have a good
time if I didn't explain properly there
what being showing a going off there but
you lost me at holiday last week
so tomorrow will tonight they actually
leave well the probably what's in there
there currently I don't even know where
they're going so show me bitch to the
hoedown it looks incredible
so they got on a holiday so if you don't
already follow both them on Instagram on
Twitter and snapchat actually that you
will then use that anymore
Instagram Tory's r.i.p snapchat just
pull them over there cuz they're going
to be doing some cool stuff wiping a sad
face because I've got dinner and you
don't I did make myself we all made
myself do you want my own there and I'll
make another one okay why not you like
now to cheese and I think you're going
to find much enough freezer
except one ice cream no no we got fresh
clean sheets you need to go into your
bed into your bed gamma XI
oh I chose working - she thinks I'm
picking up this rain so get into bed to
have an early night
I'm absolutely litigious
I'm absolutely knackered after all the
traveling and signing and meeting so
many of you in signing all your books
we've written all interim but because
we've got all cleaned fresh each we just
on this girl missing you gonna lay down
the thing is it's like she's so smart
it's like with kids when we'd offer she
knows were laughing at her it's like I
should get back to go back in poppy and
Sean told us there's 20 minutes in to
watch what is it in my Wham my Whammer
now on my wanna the cartoon I don't it I
don't know what is milliner and it's
probably shorted 20 minutes into it she
wants it he's cried twice and
only 20 minutes in so we're sub after
what jets that's what we haven't got
into bed early night finish my omelet
that was made by four people at one time
is ten minutes past nine and I'm
currently in bed and then job thank you
so much for watching if you've enjoyed
this mismatched blog featuring tons of
you guys as I said to you guys earlier
instead of just filming a time-lapse of
the book signing I thought that I would
give my camera out to a member of staff
have them guide to you guys and let you
guys say a little message into the rug
so I haven't even watched anything yeah
I'm what I'm watching any of those glass
Nyla's back out of bed miss you need to
go back to your bed
I almost any of those clips pledged from
the center box thank you I'm sure they
lovely I've heard that they're
absolutely lovely and then if you're not
already subscribed go down below
subscribe and I think that's it much
link down below I'll catch you tomorrow
you anything you want to say okay say
Evan URI I missed you did you miss me I
miss nullity I said earlier on to Alfie
I was like ah then you got home to be
with your favorite girl yeah Nala yeah
and even before I like said or to get
back to from guy I knew he would say
Nala
yeah my favorite girl you're not yeah
you're a woman he said it was old a min
ago as well I didn't see your older said
you're mature that's kind of what no
nearly dirty
can you stop you actually often you
stopping here next to mine look are head
size different so commenting bigger
money
oh no nah that's naughty now that we got
fresh sheets you're not allowed on Rhea
very so to try to get dolly to stay in a
bed I get you the money guys thank you
so much for watching thank you thank you
thank you see you in the morning
tomorrow I am 100% going to start the
vlog off with a morning that bled
because I got told so many times at the
books under say did you start today's
vlog Remora backflip and also of course
I did and I was in a hotel room and then
I realized that I should have just done
it on the bed oh I know this smell
incredible it's not
better than normal why I used those
things the sent things ascent descent
things yeah I don't know what you're
about did a sponsor for them about what
their little pole thing yes the things
that make you I think Louise's aren't a
sponsor for that hey can we not get a
sponsor for that and we're using them
and they smell bloody good like they're
not called unstoppable it's something
like dropper balls stop or scented balls
if you want to sponsor the blog let me
know because it's not bloody good no I
don't know what my mom sent me a picture
because she loves as well we raised went
cuz we went shopping and I said oh these
are meant to be really cute little about
my bloody vlog and I are telling about
unstoppable scented balls unstoppable
hey when everyone else showed the
product they bloom and got paid to show
it Lenore now I'm showing them for free
Lenore UNSTOPABLES they smell bloody
good go buy them this is not sponsored
although apparently they've sponsored
everyone else to say that their product
is great smells amazing that smell what
do you think do you agree yeah that
smell catch you guys in the morning
goodbye goodnight goodnight that's the
creepiest thing I've ever done I thought
it was funny to me I was like this and I
do it'd be funny that it just looked
really creepy like I was filming you
through like a window or something
anyway it's catching the morning
okay
