Hey look at the weather good morning
guys good morning how you do it hope
you're having a lovely day
I'm so excited today I'm off to Cardiff
for the first time I've never ever been
before I am running about ten minutes
late so I'm a little bit worried that
I'm going to kind of miss my train in
there and I've got like a specifically
booked to get for that train so can't be
late
what else am I lost so doctors lost the
monkey no I haven't it's in here
let's go hey how's it going thank you so
much have a good one may or may not be
running incredibly late and literally
have 11 minutes to my train leaves yeah
SiC
typical literally got so far to walk
positive note is that I've got my check
yet not positive now is that I've got
about six or seven minutes to get to the
blooming train and I don't know where
the Train is the station is massive but
it's all get it still get the Train says
preparing the still donut platform it's
on even managed to get reserved a bottle
of water and time
thank you so much have a good one so I
think I'm in the right place
I completely forgot to introduce the
people who I'm here with so in the next
clip I'm about to hang out with two
friends who are massive on Facebook
massive one youtuber called Ben and
Elliot I just kind of didn't explain it
we just got carried away having fun I
did the trackers ah still already
rolling pin is broken oh hey thanks play
ahead okay go girl
Tiffany to Gaga up and down because I'm
going to on the top you I saw you up
you're not know the other it's just
clock yeah I know anybody go I'll be
damned
I love a clear isn't it yeah well my my
he's Alana
this is me using the old zoom corset I'm
taking it on toggle in the pool don't go
to pool
oh come on I think sort of no yes
there's so many cameras around you wash
shortcut so up shocked I'll be like that
girl you know there wasn't even a nickel
xaro's no realize okay here we go it off
right right right right
oh god awful but if I'll be wins and he
gets restraining order hey you always
liked English women area this is yours
oh no oh stop packing your bags early oh
no oh no oh no he discussed
oh this crashed into the trick what what
she what she thought well I got you
girlfriend here you going straight
Crichton on that yeah well I think she
lobster embroidery on Cynthia Muhammad's
face don't shoot the camera nothing over
Karen this Sally give you some pointers
boy your joy guide you in your mouth
Elliot oh bloody out
I'm gonna have to be a little bit quiet
because I'm aware that there are people
asleep in the room next door to me I
mean although the rooms are absolutely
massive okay so I've got a little bit of
explaining to do because we jumped in
the car from a book signing thank you so
much to everybody came out is my first
time in Cardiff the reception the number
of you that turned out like it sold out
so quickly so thank you so much it was
insane you guys were lovely I love to
your accents we jumped in the car
afterwards we drove for like an hour and
a half we pulled over got some dinner
jump back in the car drove for another
two and a half hours I think where they
got like four hours in total to
Liverpool which is where I am now
because I've got my book signing
tomorrow morning in Liverpool we're back
at the hotel called the Titanic which is
worth state before we've shown a poppy
and Zoe this is the best me know that
I've been to any other hotels at you
know have come to want to vote out but
this is the best hotel I'm just going
throughout there there is in the before
this is insane if you ever come to
Liverpool the Titanic is where you need
to stay and I'm about to show you why so
you come through the door here this is
the bathroom look at it look at the
bloomin size of this bathroom like this
is literally as big as like a bloomin
flat in New York
it's literally crazy and then you come
out and look at the size look at the
blood size of this room but this bed is
massive and the room makes it look tiny
like I kind of even look at this in the
neck it's so big in here and then outs
right here then if you're going to
because it's so dark but this goes out
into docks although it's going to feel a
little bit weird because it's just me
because as always not here or there's no
one else to like hang out with it is
literally going to be me getting in bed
like this and then I've just got
this stays in the room with nothing
going on just me yeah I've just been
downstairs at the bar with one of my
managers with the two people from my
book publishers with two of my security
we've just been having a couple of
drinks I just got the most amazing gin
and tonic fa there's literally like this
big since my new vlog went up earlier on
today and I told you guys to also
subscribe in the video I've been on this
website here watching my live subscriber
count' so this is right now live how
many subscribers look somebody new to
subscribe to how many subscribes I've
actually got so if you're not already
subscribed go down below smash the
subscribe button let's see how many we
can possibly get give the video a thumbs
up if you're know as well and I will be
watching live on my phone if you
subscribe I will literally be able to
see the numbers go up live thank you so
much or the love and the sport reason
and the videos and the book tour and a
new book and the merchandise if you want
merch link is down below I'm going to
end the vlog here attaching the morning
in that guys
okay
