wait
good morning how you doing ah forgot
something I needed one minute finally we
got the scissors give my dick good
morning good morning I'm feeling so good
today
why have I said about good ten times the
rug has only just started we're
currently filming outside so that's what
I like to see it's incredibly windy you
probably I don't even know if you can
hear me it is what it is we're filming
out in the garden in nature it's windy
get over it
I need to get one of those little
monthly things from my camera if you're
not already oh there's my little if
you're not already for a good diet of
the vlog if you're not already
subscribed and you don't part the PB
gang go down below subscribe guys new
videos every single day on this channel
and I don't ever tell you to subscribe
until right at the end of the video and
most of most of the time I forget so if
you're not already subscribed go down
below hit the subscribe button it's a
ridiculously lovely day today and I
wanted to wear a vest but I also wanted
to wear some PB March this is not some
people much and I don't sell PB vets so
I've got this t-shirt here and I'm just
going to freestyle it and move that box
out the way we're just going to cut the
sleeves off this is quite low on the
sides so I feel like we're gonna have to
go quite low kicking it off with another
DIY vlog we're just going to cut up the
are I'm sorry it now I can't go back I
don't mind if it looks like a bit
raggedy just because I feel like that
will add to the look I also don't know
if anyone has ever in the history of
life worn a white tank top before a
white sleeveless top before I don't know
if that's it okay then it's quite good
thick moment of truth
thick how is that look in I think this
looks all good you know I officially now
have a PB sleeveless t-shirt right let's
crack this open I ordered this two days
ago
guys no or just so many bloomin things
on Amazon that I kind of forgot already
legit promise you I don't it you know I
don't know what this is
Oh sick I know what it is okay number
one is a webcam so that when I film my
gaming videos it is a lot easier or
publishing to do that gets a break get
it so it's a lot easier to record the
video onto a webcam internally to my
computer rather than recording on to a
proper camera and then importing that
first stage and doing it like just takes
more time having this will make it a lot
more easier apparently this is also 4k
and it is it's meant to be like the best
webcam you can possibly get it looks
incredible so Sims videos gaming videos
anything on my computer videos and these
these I've never even heard of this
before and I cannot even tell you how
excited I am I bought four of them one
for me one for my PA one for Zoey one
for Zoey's PA I need one for my new
member of staff starting on Tuesday
anyways what it is I feel like I feel
like to show you what this is we're
gonna have to go inside because I need
my laptop my intention of what I'm about
to do and show you and tell you is not
to make you more paranoid but I do want
to and I'm just going to say it I'm
somebody that always has a sticker over
this little camera bit here on my laptop
just in case anyone can look in like it
is a fact that there are hackers out
there that can watch you through your
laptop bloody scary stuff so the other
day I was on Amazon and I saw these
little things and then if you can see
I'm going to try and focus it it's
impossible to show you because I can't
focus the camera on it but basically
this little bit here see the little hole
now there's no little hole basically
there's a little slightly bit that can
slide over your camera lens that you
stick on to your laptop I'm filming my
laptop which is filming me this is like
a weird kind of like Inception vlog I
feel like this is going one of those
little things that once I stick it on it
is there forever
like I will not be able to remove it so
I've got to put this exactly into the
right place and can't drop it so that
that's right
so you can see me now you've got
but can my laptop still close though
yeah we came to come to a little pub
lunch out a little quiet pub ended up -
it ended up driving so bloomin long to
get here is no way near where we live
and it's so busy we had to talk about 10
minute walk away guys this beef looks
incredible definitely came to the right
place and also with the biggest lime
sodas you've ever seen apparently this
is a camembert the other is like a wedge
of camembert just got a sticky toffee
pudding looks amazing Zoe's gone for the
combo wait what kind of crumbles this
holy night 3 I'm sorry Bob no like I
have summer berries
don't see why la baby
Sunday evening guys we had a delicious
lunch is just for me know your comments
on the new vlogs thanks too much food
Allah or the sport I'm digging this
sleeveless top you know this pv merch
right a promise yeah over the last
couple of days that I'm not going to
break full of what it is that I've got
but not as the clear like that what you
doing you don't know what I'm about to
do in these boxes I bought something
pretty crazy the other day that why
they're not fragile
I can't throw I can't throw it around
and it won't matter
bloody how that's actually so heavy well
I'm trying to just going to take you
guys outside with me well if you've
watched even one of my daily vlogs
before this isn't the first movie you've
ever watched you will know that I like
to buy stupid gadget now the other day I
was shopping online and I came across
this is like a sword ball that you put
on water I don't really know how else to
describe it I don't it it's got a name
I don't know if it comes with any
instructions so I don't know what the
heck I'm doing instructions don't need
that taking so long
oh my god guys I got it home look at the
blooming size of that that is insane oh
my god I want to get inside it and do a
backflip whilst on my trampoline
you bitch yourself inside that ball and
then didn't take your phone with you and
then Alan died I mean it could have
happened but luckily I waited for you
right no not because of me extreme brain
by close your eyes and wash your hand
I'm going to walk out keep them closing
and all cure to cancer I got a surprise
at you oh I need to pull over right
there keep your eyes closed you can open
them no padding isn't a CEREC no this is
from the trampoline I got two of these
one for you as well yeah you are
yeah we're going to put you in it now in
there yeah you don't get up to so I'll
let you out it has up to ten minutes
left box Jenny Carolyn you just have to
zip me in and out why it breaks and I
can't open it then westerns recipes stop
stop it out
you got it oh my god but literally be
excited even know what
now let's visit in oh my god yah
okay it's a tiny little gap okay just
put the velcro over it instead then
you're gonna hurt yourself
yeah how are you gonna hire yourself oh
my god me another she doesn't like it
why you okay that way this was so good
why oh my god oh you caught me
oh my god hang on go chase Nala Kate
Nana do you want to get out now
Oh like walk
oh yeah it's not parted me
oh my god you gonna get back up now
imagine you running like this if the
ball wasn't there
it would look so funny right and getting
you out oh my god
you ready justic that's going to be on
the trampoline this this was a bloomin
success when I've got someone like Shaun
or my friend Max or someone like that
with che or someone come over we can get
the other one out and have a bubble
fight
check me out probably getting used to
this now I'll put in another load and
put the load that was in there into here
and now it's all finished so this is all
dry and clean and now my favorite part
this is full of water oh crap crap crap
crap oh my god don't ever do that at one
hand all know sort of water for my
clothes wow that hurt my knuckles so bad
I did not expect it to be that heavy
holy crap I better lock it up let's go
put that back in and now you go for here
and all of that all of this in here is
like fluff that's come off of my clothes
look at that that is insane and now
we're all empty and ready to put that in
there although saying that I won't
actually be here to do that because I am
off tonight even though it's already
nearly nine o'clock I'm off to London
tonight I'm staying in in a hotel up in
London check out all my all my fresh
clean globe smelling my boxers ah do you
think come on oh shut up what we've got
to go yeah I'm packed my bags yeah this
is my bag completely empty
need to sort my suitcases luckily the
bashyam was done in time because if it
wasn't wouldn't van need clean boxes one
two three
good bye Nala a see you soon baby yeah
let's just have missed it
I've
good I feel confident run run run run
run bloody ell are you serious
literally just missed it but actually
just missed it I just pressed the button
on it and it went oh my god hey hey you
know and they Missy
when expecting to see me where you could
you care so much stop giving me so much
attention Allah can you hear that I
didn't think I was going to have time
but it turns out I do I'm kind of hungry
but we have that roast at what 4:30 it's
now 9:30 it's too easy too tempting to
just eat something like this don't do
that in a couple of days Missy say bye -
bye love you see you soon
south of Lebanon train journey I also
didn't enjoy it very much
hey how's it going Norwood thank you do
you think I might slap bye thank you
oh it's nice and cold
see this is so nice
identify clearly explain why I'm in a
hotel tonight or if why this hotel looks
so bloomin similar to my office which
always leave a minute how you guys but
coming in here I'm like holy crap this
is littering my office starting off with
number one why I'm in London today is
good as tomorrow morning I've got a
train journey super early to Cardiff
mycotic book signing I'm going early so
that I can hang out with two people that
live in Cardiff that you may know that a
super pop it up on the internet and I've
never met them before so we're going to
hang out for a bit and then I've got my
book signing in the evening then that
evening I'm going to Liverpool and then
I'm staying and if important than I
thought my liveable book signing
basically I've got two more book
signings left on my book tour Cardiff
and Liverpool
tomorrow it's Cardiff so I'm staying
like in London tonight so that I can go
to Cardiff early tomorrow morning and
number two why does this person is so
much like my office is because the
people that own this hotel this hotels
with the artist residence it's in London
there's also the artist Muslims in
Brighton that you know we stay at we had
Sarah's birthday there probably too
insane there Joe stayed there Mark
stayed there Tonya's state basically
there's an amazing hotel with the
artists residence in Brighton I have
tons of my meetings there and the guy
that owns the artists residence is the
one that did up my office my new office
for me another hotel so much I've got
contact with him and I said is there any
way you can help design and do a fool of
my office for me so the guy that owns
this hotel is the one who pimped up like
revamp to re what's the word
can't remember the word is too late I've
been on the train for too long basically
the guy that did up my office or he
didn't do himself he designed it all
owns this hotel so that is why it looks
so much like my office we've all like
the rustic furniture and the old-school
chairs or with a brick and look at the
bathroom do you see what I mean
or the wooden is so sick
anyways I'm contemplating now I've got
exactly 15 minutes until the bar
downstairs closes I don't know if you're
going to get a glass of red wine or a
gin and tonic or something it is quarter
to twelve or do I just chill out and go
to bed but if you like it would be nice
to get gin let's go downstairs grab a
gin and tonic and then come back up or
would help if I bought the room key
wouldn't wish that I was in the wall and
we'll come back up after us thanks
anyway just the bar closed slightly
earlier tonight does doesn't matter
I didn't need a gin and tonic anyway it
just would have been would have been
good let's see what they've got in here
they've got anything oh yeah shut up
they got fever three tonic that is what
I'm talking about
tonic and London gin just my mobile to
make in and tonic I'm going to make
myself a G&T again Tibet thank you so
much for watching today guys if you've
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up go down
below let's see how many we can possibly
get on the vlog subscribe if you're
already subscribed please go down below
and subscribe and know I say every day
but there are so many of you that watch
these videos I can see in the stats in
the back end of the channel how many
people watched these videos and they're
not subscribed to go down below hit the
blooming button and I'll see you see you
bright and early in the morning just
punch myself in the face
