good morning guys good morning how you
doing today I'm feeling tired I'm
feeling tired I did not get a good
night's sleep last night
the reason being that number one that I
didn't go to sleep very early I was
literally on Twitter on my phone at
about half-past one I then decided to
listen to a podcast which instead of
just helping me go to sleep I got really
interested in and lens up properly
listening and paying attention to it
and then I finally fell asleep and I
woke up at like 3:30 I want to say for
my acid reflux going crazy in my chest
so I had to go and take some stuff to
calm that down and then the rest of it
was all good but you know when you surf
asleep that was really interrupted
that's what I feel like last night I got
woken up a couple of times let me get
our bed and show you today's weather is
looking like you ready look at that look
at the sky looks insane the doors just
gone for a delivery I hope I hope it's
what I think it is but I can't remember
who's arriving tomorrow or today
Jezz no thank you thank you so much it's
not what I thought it was good morning
hey wait deck any lady this is gonna be
fun help me alright so it's not next to
me that's on me oh I can't wait my back
massage I'm not giving about massage I
thought my muscles bowling you've got
with the lightest ball they have what
some reason is her
oh because I don't have the power how
are you doctor I got about another
Amazon parcel has just arrived it's on
here try and guess what it is it's
something fun for us to do j√∂rgen i'm
going to give you the chance okay in
this video whenever a guest comes over
and it's a sunny day I thought how can I
give away some PB merch in a video how
my bid just got stuck on my t-shirt in
more of a fun way yeah what your merch
you'll see though is
bloody something at Debbie's too many
sad whoa
what are they saying slingshot yeah
I'll recycle anything to imagine it so
is a slingshot that's why I was like how
did you guess that so what I'm going to
do if it's a nice day we're guests come
over I'm going to roll up some PB motor
I'm putting my off this last it no be a
challenge all right no no you don't get
it you didn't get the merch so what
happens is I'm going to roll up some PB
jumpers or t-shirts up with these
elastic bands I get to fire them down
the garden if you catch it and then you
get to choose somebody to give it away
to in my comments but if you don't catch
it and you don't get to give it away why
but you're injured the pressure is on
you catch in the match for the viewers
what do you think about that oh great oh
you don't think that sounds great I'll
give you a massage in return it sounds
fun
so lately I basically bought a massive
catapult launch a kind of thing I've had
one before it's actually four water
balloons I had one when I was a kid and
me and my dad used to fire down the
gardens other houses is so sick anyways
I'm going to roll up PB merch t-shirts
like this one here at links down below
I'm going to roll them up fire them and
if guests who are over like Zoe's can
catch it and Zoe Gator yes you are over
like Zoe I guess I guessed I'm saying
other people are in the vlog and it's a
nice day then we can play it we can do
that outside yeah that shoulder oh
you're not a yeah oh my god I'm funky my
soul right Lich I bet the camera can
hear listen I'll be back in two minutes
time to head to the office to go get
some merchandise to fire out a map my
merch slingshot if you think of much
slingshot is weird you should see the
stuff in my brain that doesn't make it
into videos that I think of hey I
thought we upgraded with the office
yesterday if you didn't catch
yesterday's rod go check it out as we
upgraded all of the office in here you
know completely forgotten I showed you
guys around all of these pictures and
the walls and stuff
I forgot my room here the middle room
upstairs here has like a proper security
lock on it because that's where I keep
my cameras so no one can break in I
found a piece of paper with the code on
it and even that can't open it for some
reason I've just been watching videos on
YouTube on how to pick the locks and
things and all the videos on YouTube
they're trying to manipulate a way to
find out the code to here but I already
know the code it just doesn't open it
like that hasn't turns to open it but
the door doesn't open and so I don't
really know what to do I've just put the
code in watch so it's open now sideways
but the door doesn't open I turn this
one as well the bottom is open it's just
this top bit here is still there's still
something in there in the lock kind of
couldn't get into the M into the middle
room which on one hand sucks because it
means that I can't into the middle room
which has all my cameras and everything
inside on the other hand is positive
because it means if I can't get in with
the beliving code nobody is ever going
to be able to break into that room
because the security that place like the
CCTV and everything is is not so same
with the house we just went further
which went for the full shebang
everything you can get you've been
upstairs I've got three PB t-shirts
Zoe's currently put some washing of
hands in the washing machine
I'll even college of water bottoms
because that's what it's actually for
that has got some power to their so this
is basically what you do you put one
foot in this side as I said before I had
one of these when I was younger but one
for exercise and you fo oh oh my god I
think I think this is going to be too
powerful so like I'm just going to
launch it into like the neighbors or
something I'm going to try and film like
an angle where you guys can see where it
goes oh did you see that please tell me
you saw that that was sick
we're going to leave all of that stuff
there ready with the launcher the three
t-shirts that was so sick as I wants to
try the merch the merch link shot out
much cannon whichever one you want but
this isn't the proper this isn't for the
game how do I do nine to down here on
the floor pull that there as far back as
you can and then let go I mean the fab
you put it back on this is if ever the
few shirts going to go you're going to
put another muscle but I'll come down
here this isn't for the game nose in the
game the other person not me has to
catch it so or is that try again put it
right inside tuck it right into the
thing and put it as far back as you can
stretch your legs out yeah then yeah
yeah I got it
Dow it bounced out my hand no this is
the new way to do merch giveaways give
the video a thumbs up if you like it if
you're excited you ready to catch are
you actually going to catch wait Jordan
take the camera we're about should I
stand like that okay
switched over onto my iPhone because I
need another camera filming me sorry I'm
going to go back here I'm right at the
back of the garden we're going to start
off with blue you ready you ready for
green we're going to try one more time
so I didn't manage to catch any of them
they can forget any of it in Sharma so
he didn't manage to catch any of those
I'm going to say that was a practice
round because no one's ever no one's
ever tried this much cannon before in
the videos so this is this is the one
okay if Zoey catches any of these they
get given away in this blog so the
pressure to catch them Zoey
they didn't manage to get any 0/0
giveaways in today's vlog and Zoe
managed to stand in dog poo where did
you have your shoes on
so I'll shoot one up in the air see if
you can capture yeah just throw one for
me since are we stood in dog poo we do
one last one I'll get out to throw them
backwards
nah love literally this is the last job
to give away this black PB t-shirt you
ready
that nearly went in dog poo probably now
I'll give you a brand new fresh one no
you don't win it
I need something to wipe fortunately
we're in addition to what your foot I
didn't really want it we've got an
invasion of wast good no look Derek
there I'm so scared of what oh gosh
who's walked into that Falana who looks
for my arm I'm honestly terrified of
them
they're the only thing that I will allow
to be squashed did you get it
one down two to go oh there is over in
that corner yeah yeah yeah straight on
the glass oh my god yes Alfie my wasp
hero where's the other one
Oh God have you already hit that one oh
I'm aware I make the weird noises what
also comes near me by the way
oh you already hit that one because it's
going actually crazy where did it go oh
three done okay now three ready shut the
door because they're coming in through
the door so what yeah oh those are all
I'm sorry if you love loss but I mean
you're probably in the minority
no but also who loves us no love lost
but also interesting honour and we need
to Hoover up the carcasses because
she'll eat those - yeah the wasp caucus
good war know what I mean daddy crazy
I'm trying to get a missing tissue
there's loads outside I'm really hoping
that there's not a wasp nest because
true story we had to have how many wasps
nests when we first got this place four
or five watts nest had to be removed
from the south oh really yeah there was
loads there was one out this side there
was one there was two up in my office
space
do you remember one in the Arctic one in
the window we're heading off have you
got keys you don't got them no I got
them
have you locked the back door we do need
let's go around the side and lock it
waiting you're taking us oh no you can
even show the camera what it was so
literally people and watching like boys
you do it will you choose that quick we
have a very bound to tell everyone where
you're taking us we're going to look a
new car what you say can you talk about
that car or not I did I showed the car
but I also said that we are not getting
it because I'm just going to get in an
Audi r8 I have been looking for like how
yes not longer than that and access
drove on the other day as I told you
guys it was unbelievable maybe more fun
more than ever and then the other day
will not pick up this Range Rover sort
of a new Range Rover and Zoe a stupidly
Texas Aries and it just like anything
like it when I so now we'll go back
around revelation we're not gonna get
one haha
we're not we just got this Range Rover
like I like ya know he wants to hand
this one in and get the new one on
Finance then we'll pay a little bit per
month towards the new one instead of
having this one why does it look like it
like
okay Vina Vina Oh
oh my god I think it's the ass
what happened to your camera we look
like voice why can't i do then can you
guys see that going like this I
pulsating - doing it all the crap
let's move that out thing is that a G
does look like the size of my teeth yeah
yeah and is so small is it doing it
anymore
it's when we were both in it when it was
trying to focus on two people's faces
somehow the radio stopped working died I
blamed Joey because she's given purpose
to start down with you two breaking this
car just then we have to get a new one
not only like is that our own radios not
working what does that mean indication
that we don't need a new car I just
really like this one and the condition
additional kids like the vast majority
of the cost it's kind of like an upgrade
to this one like big time isn't it
we're just waiting knows I was coming
out basically no we're saying this if
we're going to go and get it today
that's not the case
it's not so he just said she's in love
with the car this is the first edition
one so it's got all that extra and is
called bigger legroom are you ready to
see the boot as soon as you see this
you're going to be sold
isn't that sick it's just so big guys we
just went for her drive in it I didn't
feel many things we had one of the Range
Rover guys with us one thing that we let
me get in the class is just raining one
thing that I didn't even know parks
itself learning parks itself
like you lot next row space and it boxes
it has massage chair who is driving us
around Elijah's now getting a back
massage yeah and aircon through your
chair instead of aircon coming through
the front like here like normal and can
come through your chair there's all the
cool guys oh this does amazing I know
but that is just like on that level
quite like in that dark afraid you know
a lot of thinking to be doing yeah I
could buy that one we have to buy that
one remember all our dryer that one had
everything aligned even heated rear
seats so we got guests in the car heated
rear seat back in my favorite lunch spot
with our basement
just look at it I know I showed you the
other day in the vlog we're just
knocking it oh my gosh
we've just got all of our food but we've
got it takeaway and very got the world's
biggest hot chocolate you ready Richie
sighs if it looks small in volume and
then you know it's small be fair I never
finished hot chocolate so probably like
the perfect yeah this is my flat white
which I had one here the other day
single shot and is unbelievable I'm
scared I'm just going to take on my
taste buds off though oh that's so good
we both got sandwiches to have when we
get home that's for the journey home
well I mean I'm driving so I can't eat
so I'm gonna have to eat it before I
tell you what's a piece of shortbread to
walk in rain like this and act like
you're not getting wet yeah betrayer I
like that guy doing
I mind doing it look he's so chill he's
like there what it's raining well I'm
not going to that guy when I walk in
rain I'm like I let you run but that's
the challenge when you're in chlorine
rain just walk around like it's funny I
bet you can do it you go and try it one
now shall I try gangai it yeah won't you
do it down to oddly and act like it's
sunny okay I'm gonna feel here that he's
not doing a very good job that guy
it's so hard to do oh my god what he
doing good perfect got AG it's so nice
out today oh nice
was it hard to do it's actually quite
nice is it but when you just stop caring
that it's raining yeah because I mean
you can get what you want but you're
going to get wet it's raining so you
either just think racing caring though
huh I'm not going I was walking on like
this yeah I know that's how I walk in
the rain right just embrace it mate
embrace it yeah sure I do look at these
guys they have not embraced this I feel
like I'm very aware but I still feel
like I was fine that guys wearing a wet
like a massive years literally like a
wet suit by this woman here no she's
looking down at the floor very very
tense kind of walk she's not enjoying
this well you all know that not embraced
it at all I haven't very so that is you
I think the viewers wanna she's filming
me hi Amy Bella hey Zoila they should
sit with me they've no embrace the rain
at all not at all so if for any of you
that don't live in the UK this is our
summer so we have like always we have a
wheel yeah I know I know that then it
goes to this which is quite unheard of
in a lot of other countries because when
it's summer it's just sunny everyday in
the rock this morning I were doing that
match then yeah we were outside and
already no yeah no
now look at it she's not embracing the
weather she's frowning you'll get
wrinkles let's not let the rain give up
really simply she was frowning like this
because raining so if you just like
embrace it the softest most could I be
dead I don't like it you don't know
that's right it may be much rock
shortbread it's supposed to be a bit
crunchy okay let's go home let's go back
to our little baby no one knows about
Noah
they're just left and I'm starting out
as that fine Nala we'll look after so
good I'm really sorry I can't believe
you just nearly told everyone about our
baby you're going to have to edit out go
into some this thing where we pretend to
have conversations like the camera's not
on do you know how hard it was for me to
pretend like I loved you then you look
like such an idiot
baby I know I'm just shooting it I'm
just shooting a scene with Zoe at the
moment in the car just shoot the scene
Oh can you imagine Tania Tania ah be
okay I'll be with you in a minute how I
collect him now while behind him soon as
well Marcus I know I miss you too much
the secret conversations you're never
supposed to hear and the amazing camera
this guy obviously saw Alfie embracing
the winner and he's doing the same thing
look he's so happy in the rain just
remembered that we didn't show you what
happened before we went out this was
before we went out guys Zoe and I as you
saw a boat sitting on that sofa just
chilling watching TV and Nala was with
us like sleeping on the sofa as normal
she jumped off and she ran in this side
of the room which isn't normally with
some of us she comes especially when
Zoey and I are here as well that she's
normally just she's like a shadow she
just stays with us and she jumped up and
she came over here and went on the sofa
literally just behind the camera here
this blue one and we didn't really think
much of it like she's just going on the
sofa but it was strange that she went
off by herself that's not normally
something that not it would do
zowie saw her jumping up on the Blue
Bear anyways long story short she was
sick all over the brand-new sofa and
when I say all over no no she knows yeah
literally here here here here here here
and it won't come off
so if anybody in the comments we like
dabbed it really gently we've done we've
done everything with anybody in the
comments is a specialist or know
somebody or has a parent or a friend
more over there as well knows anyone at
all how we can get this dog like 6
stayin off of our brand new velvet sofa
it sounds rank but it is like these are
brand-new sofa skies and they're there
velvet and we know it's going to happen
it she decided to go on the brand new
sofa to throw up
she doesn't shouldn't throw up on sofas
ever yeah don't know why she did it
normally she would go to like the back
door or something or these I don't know
but if for some reason you know how to
get rid of that or your family does your
friend does or something please ask them
if you know anybody that works with
velvet tweet after picture a product
that we need to buy and use on here or I
don't even know it's it's not good not
good but she didn't mean to she's okay
we gave her lots of attention afterwards
and made sure that she was okay and
she's been and fine now which is good
well I need to edit the vlog scored into
four Oh where's my sandwich
here it is new blogs just gone up
thankful the love or the sport when we
know the comments the last hour or so so
many of you guys given a thumbs up
before you even watch the video that's
true dedication if you give the video
thumbs up before before you've been
watched all of that that's when you know
you're hardcore viewer of the vlogs and
it's time I'm kids looking a little
better need to do my hair trimmer
stubble though in I got from the video
that we plan to do on her main channel
probably two months ago I can't
Buddhism is going on the same day you're
watching this I went on a Thoth and
walked thick I mean it was so long ago
now 12 or 13 asus items that i think
there's only would look great in i
bought it all with my own money she has
not opened it i have not opened that i'm
about to do an 8 oz haul that I walked
for her so dinner when she's going to
like the stuff and another it's going to
fit her I I don't know so the boyfriend
does my ASOS shopping haul buying it out
all good right where we fill men
upstairs is this the first throw in a
video in the new house yeah look at this
setup if you wondering what why is those
wearing at a different looking outfit to
normal as I just told you have finished
on the video where I did an ASOS shop
for Zoey it's up on her channel going up
tonight is it same day they're watching
this same day you're watching this it's
going up I'll leave a link to it down
below this is one of the outfits that I
bought Zoey you can't see the rest but
this is one of them must have been a
good pic if she's still wearing it well
I'm going to go for a quick way and then
we're going yeah we're going off to get
dinner from the Donalds let's go to
McDonald's baby let's go you jump in
there in the passenger seat you sit down
there now you're going to sit in the
back I'm afraid that's knowledge see
yeah you know what that you know what
how is that funny
you're gonna do it ya know you excited
I'll be put this song on cause you know
I really like a song 800 in review you
know that I stocks out we know it is the
first minute of the song she just
singing the wrong song over the top of
the song darling
hey mr. policeman and then I kept doing
it and then I'll feel really annoying
angry sighs okay I want to listen Liu
dong should I do
all right let me just listen to a
peacefully from the beginning of sight
again third time okay I still don't even
know the lyrics or anything you know
kids don't I just in the middle of the
roof down they have ordered so much
McDonald's that we've been told to park
up a weight loss they may get this
because at the end I kind of just got
like you know when you go someone you
always order the same thing they say
that's what I do at McDonald's so I just
said to the woman at the end is there
anything else that is popular at the
moment in the Donalds that I may not
have tried before or didn't she said the
big tasty with bacon so I just said yeah
okay let's do it
throw it in there as well now we've got
so much cooler food come in that we have
to wait and park up also I don't drink
fizzy drinks wanna drink listen this
isn't mine this is over hey get off my
fries
I got myself a bottle of water July
Madonna was good yeah we kind of got a
bit carried away we got a large meal
each have you got me a large and then
nine extra nuggets to share and then an
extra burger each and then this is the
thing that the woman said that I should
get oh we left the sources in the car
I'm guessing that means me your
expression
definitely gave off that up you sitting
at them yeah
finally getting into bed guys thank you
so much for watching today's vlog as
always thank you for all the love and
the sport recently I've got a really
really cool video plan for tomorrow you
know those big packages that are the
other day if it's good weather we're
going to unbox them tomorrow have some
crazy fun if you've enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up go down below
subscribe to my notifications on if you
enjoy daily vlogs you should be
subscribed the majority of people
towards these videos aren't subscribe so
go down below subscribe and let me know
comment down below once you've done it
tweet me a screenshot and I'll tweet
your back and stuff if you want to grab
some merchandise as usual link down
below go check about there is so much
cool stuff and I'll catch you in a
morning good night guys
holiday
