good money oh my god and drop my new
camera good morning guys good morning
how you doing it is actually not the
morning it's lunchtime right now but
it's been chucking it down raining all
day so far and I didn't want to start
the vlog until I can officially start it
off with a morning Oh morning backflip
to get the day started how you doing
so we will having a lovely day well the
trampoline is a little bit wet this is
my favorite kind of backflip to do where
you run you kick round like this cool
cool sits off of one leg today's a
blooming good day got my PB match on
repping that you know there to get my
butt in the office I cannot believe that
I haven't shown you what I've got done
to the office yesterday got a little
upgrade done as you come through the
door of it's like you guys know the
stitch with the office but anyways as
you go upstairs check this so we got put
in this book one point is that to put in
this book three out now in America and
the UK this is a fish out in America too
and of course the scrapbook of my life
how sick is there we've got all my book
cup like a man
it looks so bloomin good look so I'm out
Brett from excitement for today I want
to put up some PV much because it's
getting a little bit cold as you guys
know I've got a ton of people match
stocked up here items that are out items
that aren't out items that are no longer
available because they're sold out let
me get myself a brand new fresh number
or this one was never ever released when
I say to you guys that we properly work
on new items all of the time and we're
trying to get everything the best it can
possibly be I mean it like let me show
you one item this never ever made it out
to you guys this never got for sale this
is this is a black PV fuzzy but green
embroidered but that is like stitched in
this is not for sale check that that is
pretty sick isn't it there's so much
cool merch here if you want one of these
should I give one of these away now in
the video if you want a gray PB Ferdie
I'm going to send two of you a great PB
buddy from today's video all you have to
do subscribe give the video a thumbs up
leave an ugly comment comment down below
your Twitter or your Instagram so that I
can get in touch with you and then I can
DM you via those accounts what was my
plan to do today why might in here don't
feel like I should be in this room I
feel like I need to be in this room here
I want to finish on a short out and
gaming setup because as you know I
haven't played in my gaming channel and
done any gaming in ages
my max turning on I just realized that
even though I've been here like over a
month now I haven't even taken off all
of the like cardboard and stop the jet
that's so bad should we show everyone
your new game what's this oh she's
literally just been going crazy for this
ball in my office for the last like half
an hour remember this from the office
yeah there we go bring it back good
night no no okay
guess that's that game over now I'm the
one playing with me properly in the
office minute ago like bringing it back
dropping it I was throwing it she was
running along head-butting it give it up
oh give me that bowl oh wow yes I got it
I got it
time to show you why I'm working on just
switching up a t-shirt
fast going on as that one you know let
me put my sliders on head over to the
office then you come in giving em as you
just seen you know come in now I told me
she once come to the office you just
told me that you wanted to come to the
office now you want to go back inside
okay going in see you later
as we've just seen I spent this morning
working on turning the gaming area in my
office into an actual usable gaming area
that I can start from a gaming videos in
and that led to getting more and more
carried away with upgrading and
upgrading the office so after me my
system worked our butts off all day it
is finally time to show you the upgrade
is all right my mouth is moving very
weird in them and I've gone also here
and also here and also hit some I'm lips
are like crazy right now so it's time to
show you the new office office v2 as you
come in through the front door you're
greeted with the meeting table which is
where we used to predominantly do all of
our work we would see would be sitting
at this table obviously over here you've
got the kitchen you've got the bathroom
none of that has changed but over here
instead of being two sofas we've now got
two deaths so this desk here is for the
new role for the new person that are
hired and she officially starts working
on Tuesday so that's her desk so it's
already with a little bunch of flowers
of some nice candles there to begin
enjoy the little things and dream big
and then over here is my assistant my
PAS desk which is already getting busy
already getting full and then this bit
it's kind of just like kind of gradually
on inside that's knowledge that's not as
bad there this area over here is just
going to gradually get going to get used
I've got a big problem that is going
here in
corner however it's not currently here
I've kind of left in the bail tent in
the garden and then it would take you
upstairs but I haven't really done much
more than what you saw this morning up
there which was just changing the
positioning of my computer's and person
microphones there and a camera there
just getting fully ready to start
filming boys blog game videos again Sims
videos again just all kinds of gaming
videos that I used to film quizzes and
everything again
I feel like this are there is finally
turning into like a small little pub a
small company not just me and my sister
and we're getting there with slowly
building the team the way we'll just see
it going in my head is few people
sitting around here few people at desks
and desk areas over there and having
about four five or six people hopefully
one day hopefully pretty soon as well
and working from here that's what I see
right time to head off obviously I do
have members of staff working as well
what is the camera like that there we go
working for me in an office in London
running the creature store which is the
website that does with the merchandise
and although he enjoys merchandising
Evans Louise and Tanya's and stuff like
that but they don't work here they're
going to start working here maybe that
one day a week I think but that team of
people they work up in London this is
just this is just like my pointlessblog
office getting pointless bug stuff done
and it's gradually turning into like a
proper little hub a proper community and
it's especially going to feel even more
like that next week bought over a load
of PB match from the office all brand
new fresh stuff to go and put in my
wardrobe upstairs so that I can what are
you doing you waiting for mummy
Zoe you in the bar null is literally
just sitting down outside go and then go
and say hello need to pop all these new
fresh items into the wardrobe now you
come and cuddle me yesterday the second
I believe
really wrong trainer for the film it and
came out it's number one training on
YouTube physical like six million views
or something overnight when I watch the
earlier watched aired at please I want
to say it is so good I don't mean to be
making puns little trending number one
no it's not
why is there a new video trending number
one is know it that must be due to what
we've watched I don't want to lean ago
mess and Charli XCX apparently trending
number one boy weights go back is my new
video I do not believe that then why is
it come up on here
are you ready I want to feel more
reactions to watching this even though
all you see that turn out everything you
like Kenneth you seem so excited in this
album change of thing mmm-hmm you
followed me on Twitter he's not some
stranger things no not him
I'm gonna leave an example a to the
trailer you need to check it out if you
like horror movies this is a warning boy
just in a second
oh let's see oh he's got Faro
he's got bass glasses on oh no he missed
them floating
looks terrifying Obon one of them drill
which ones real that one it looks so
good September the 8th straight birthday
is that tricky 7 I've never seen any
turkey films ever we're currently
watching a program called posh pets and
this guy here runs a cookery school in a
five-star hotel right near where Zoey
used to live and he's currently teaching
the guests in the cookery school how to
cook dog biscuits for your dog like
proper five-star posh hotel teaching you
how to cook dog biscuits and one of the
guys on here is not as going crazy
because all the dogs on the TV one of
the guys on is just that he's never ever
given his dog and he treats or food
without him trying it first to make sure
it tastes good
that is crazy that's literally ludicrous
look at what the dogs sitting down for
lunch so gosh Nala she thinks the dogs
are behind the TV all I'm saying is that
I've got a very hopeful in that face
look at your eye yours looks delicious
compared to moisten fix my baby thing I
skinned to my bidet judges enmeshed it
all up we've got jacket potato beans and
cheese for dinner for me that's not a
very big portion so I feel like there
may be a late-night MacDonald's run
tonight to get some chicken nuggets to
fill me up because I kind of didn't put
anything else with it
what the hell is happening to me
it's Friday night it's 10:35 and I've
just woken up on the sofa why am i
asleep at 10:35 on a Friday and never
thought this was going to happen to me I
thought I was forever going to be
incredibly young I'm going to touch her
friends and stuff like that and instead
me and my girlfriend and my dog were
asleep on the soup by the Friday 10:35 I
can't explain that like legit can't
explain that the only thing to make me
feel better is to get a Magnum and the
dime bar for Zoey she's fast asleep on
the sofa I have no idea how I forgot to
end this vlog like I have become so bad
ending my videos recently I apologize
I'm going to get better at it but as you
saw I was like oh snap it last night I
didn't even think gods died I was joking
about how that crazy Friday night and
then the next thing I knew I woke up on
the sofa and you know when you have a
nap and you either wake up there's like
10% chance you're going to wake up
feeling good and then there's like a 90%
chance that you're going to wake up and
you literally feel like you just woken
up after a night out you're just like Oh
hungover kind of feeling that's exactly
how I felt when I woke up on the sofa I
think it's because it's so hot in that
River anyways where the fire on and
stuff I've got in the blog if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
subscribe down below link to my merch
down below as usual and then it's gone
in the next day for me just planning a
super fun day got some fun stuff
happening some cool thing so I'll catch
ya in morning catch you tomorrow
