thank you here we are with a brand new
camera good morning guys good morning
Hydra and hope you're all having a
lovely day long morning in the camera
shop trying to return the old camera and
switch out for this one here when I say
old camera I mean the new Sony camera
that I bought that I uploaded a video
using and you guys didn't like so a back
of the Canon of that for the same camera
but a brand new one speaking is really
hurting today I've got so many OSes
around my mouth for some reason at the
moment anyways guys wait in the Range
Rover not my Range Rover when the
courtesy car Range Rover the one that
they let me whilst mom was getting fixed
it's finally time where I can go and
pick up my car again so I can hand this
one backing up and driving it up and so
scared to drive this car because as you
know my XS on this was so high to be
insured on this car was I had it that
that even like parking today I've been
so scared someone else is going to let
open it all my car or when I'm reversing
in that I'm going to like touch the
wheels on the curb or even though this
car is beautiful I'm so excited to not
be driving it she's good to drive it
right let's go let's go let's go pick up
my car this is the new Range Rover it's
in between ours the Evoque and the sport
and it is so nice I'm not looking for
any Range Rover I've come to fit my
Range Rover up and only look at more
some weights the woman to get my car
keys this is insane
kinda nice that's to him with is full of
this a jumper back in the car and I can
finally like not bash the car up but I
can actually enjoy driving and not just
be scared that I'm going to somehow
damage that car ah effective little
bottles water in here and attack immense
thank you very much apparently after all
of that the issue with the car was an
air leak like a tiny air leak that
caused all the other things to happen no
idea but it's all sorted now all fixed
and I can drive my back home before I
start driving home I just want to say
how amazing
that new Range Rover looks I literally
sat down in the insider tech sorry some
pictures and she text me back please can
you come home in that client said Avadh
it is so bloomin nice I've never seen
technology like that in a car before it
just looks beautiful I don't get me
wrong the technology in this car is
crazy but that new one
blew my next level next level there's no
point we've been all the way in Lewis if
I don't stop off to grab some food I
love this place this still blows my mind
that I can do this oh there we go
and another one like that's so crazy and
another one and another one I just met
one of you guys who grabbed a picture of
me and then your dad's topped over that
Alfie I need to ask you one question as
I okay how'd you do a muscle-up seeing
your vlogs that you can muscle up how do
you do it this is why I've come to Louis
Flynn our bakery
I'm pretty sure that this coffee is
hotter than the Sun I was this close to
sitting down and eating all of my lunch
in there but I thought it'd be much
nicer to go home and and have lunch and
Zoey so that's what I'm going to do
today's been the first relaxed day in
quite a while if you saw yesterday's
milk you'll know that I was interviewing
for a new member of staff and I offered
somebody the job and they've accepted
the jobs and so excited about once they
start working are then I'll tell you a
little bit more about what they do and
stuff but especially with the party and
stuff we had the other day recently life
has been incredibly busy just incredibly
busy today's been the first day we've
got like four or five things I have to
do but I don't have to do anything at a
certain time so that I can afford to go
and go and just take an hour out to go
and grab some lunch in Lewes Coffee is
amazing I don't know how I was never
into coffee when I was younger like I
love coffee now and the same with gin
and tonics I don't know how I was
younger I never liked to gin I remember
when I was little and me not like in
tomatoes onions peppers mushrooms there
are so many things that I didn't like
and I remember my parents so many times
telling me I never used to like those
things either and as I got older my
taste buds matured and I kind of liked
those things now and I've never sitting
there and being like I am never going to
like tomatoes tomatoes are the devil's
food they are gross I'm never going to
go that guy looks like Santa okay he saw
me I think he knows that I said they
look so Center this is awkward and but
to be fair to my parents perhaps off to
them they were correct
I do like tomatoes now I do like onions
now I still don't like mushrooms and I
still don't like peppers but there are
so many foods that back then I didn't
like even things that they crossed
summer sandwiches I now like I guess
what I'm trying to say somehow is that
your parents are always right because
they just blue man are they your parents
that even if you don't want them to be
right they just all right they're
correct the longer I'm challenged you
hear now the hungry I'm getting and I
can't even lunch until I get home of
Zoey so I need to stop vlogging because
my stomach is like
give me food give me food you ready
we're off bowling with Poppy ensure and
for some reason this I don't allow
wasn't my idea how are we going have
their boat also let the cleaned of the
Range Rover for us thank you very much
Range Rover cleaning the outside of the
car I don't know how but this wasn't my
idea I suck a sauna in here
you know what wouldn't have been like a
sauna that new Ranger yeah you did yeah
I'm in love with that the new Ranger of
the valar Ville over there we can put
this in and play on it and yes yeah keep
it if you are we have not got custom
number plate or card just came with a
really cool number play with me more jet
that's what I'm talking there they've
got a hint you boy blarp slide I swear
anybody watch these videos masters thing
on the kid I'm not actually a kid guys
I'm a 24 year old man I'm not always I
think I just still get entertained by by
things that kids like hey Bobbie Shawn
but the VIP you on oh you bet the VIP
all right
Obie's fastball whoa
go on Larry thinks she's bad rat
but anything like a glow-in-the-dark me
today this is cool oh oh
oh he just goes right oh my god though
he's never ever had a strike in her life
going you got one you got one today hey
let's see what your score is now Bobby
wanted a hundred so bad and she's got 98
and this ladies and gentlemen is how you
break your block camera I have been able
to film so far game tubes I've been to
ten try it too hard and this is the
competitive game we said and short by
short I got a spare strike strike strike
strike strike and then I just got seven
which balls ah I've got two shots left
and 166 hey Bobby 107 have you had 100
before
hey I just got three strikes in a row at
the end 216 oh my god so it's my last
goal and I had obviously you get
potential three shots at the end tip
against there or a strike I got three
strikes in a row to get my find
responded here on the screen now on 216
with eight strikes one game and late
strikes in one game covers up the
chicken pasta papi with the Bolivian
portion dinner they have here goblin and
floaties spike look at that it's really
cool amazing thank you very much thank
you what a challenge beer you willing to
participate there - close your eyes and
open your mouth and trust me now I
promise you I won for me if you take
from it you're vegetarian that's not bad
it's not one is not the other one is not
no chili no meat close your eyes open
your mouth and put your hands out you
have to keep those if you don't bad
things will happen
right oh it was really close right
keep the clothes for like 10 20 seconds
no come here open your mouth a bit wider
silly string sorry about that
PB much link below oh I lost the audio
to that there damn it
well that was lovely that was splendid
very nicely a rolling trip little dinner
out and that's time to back home one of
you guys called Leah underscore Leah
Jade on Twitter has just leave me said
I've been holding off this for ages now
but at Boyd's blog I wrote a song for
you to say thank you for everything
you've done over the last four years she
just really made you those songs it's
been a few hours since I last blogged
from one of those evenings where time
just runs away times just gone like it's
currently half past 12:00 at night
technically it's the next day there's
always been upstairs asleep for a while
in bed Nala was like absolutely crushed
out here hanging out of me whether I can
tell that she really really wants a good
bed she's just wait for me to go up I've
been behind on my emails recently let me
try to sort them out I had 154 flagged
emails I've now got 110 so we're getting
there
gradually get down I really want to try
and get below 100 emails tonight I'm
going to do it though maybe hook up the
bed so we go to bed
okay
