oh so hard nice being a bug isn't it
Nana has been a pug is it really hard
work you lay down
oh so the boxing match I mention her
gonnigan is over - hello hang on hey how
are you doing yeah she doesn't look
right passing you my name everyone bye
oh I'm gonna miss you cuz I said bye
she's like are you going traveling with
me don't you love that sure just go to
sleep
yeah I'm gonna meet my fanny pack out
now you have two options you're wearing
all your accessories at once a pleasure
eyes put your hands up thank you I don't
feel me I look like a drowned rat from
your reaction you'll hear it the
driveshafts cute important okay I've got
the place Ronis mm-hmm you little
are you really scared uh actually too
much look at me though I told you I
wanted to film you consciousness in my
eyelashes I just wash my hair
you just got pranked and it all come out
good morning guys good well anyhow you
didn't hurt you're having a lovely day
today is a very exciting day for me
because as I told you last week I
currently looking for a new new team
member to join Team TB at the moment
it's just me and my assistant but we're
looking for a new person to join the
team part-time I had over 100 people
apply within the week for the role and
six of those people got an interview
they haven't been interviewed by me yet
and now the final two and without of
everyone being include by me today so
that's really exciting anyway I've got
interview for a job yeah I mean I have a
blog right now something oh yeah
every one of them with me you just shut
down I would hire you know are you just
going to think you're fit for the job
you know all right let's get it let's
get it let's get today sitting in here
reminds me of being in the alright
yesterday down down that kind of thing
today's been one of those days one of
those days was just absolutely non-stop
and back in that all should not wait a
night for years I'm sorry I I'm back at
the house finished the interviews for
today which went incredibly well like I
don't want to say too much into like
contracts have been signed and stuff but
let's just say that one of the two
people both of them are unbelievable
both of them were amazing and we have
offered one of them a job and we've just
got an email back from them say that
they've accepted the job so that's
pretty exciting
I've got home about hour and a half ago
I've been smashing out the Eddie of the
new daily vlog and it's all up and
everything like that now but today it's
been full up of interviews and then
unbelievable but really really well
just got home to this in the post which
I don't know what it is it's like a
bottle of alcohol but I don't know who
from or what it just said Alfie deyes on
it
Sixsmith gee boy yes I've got some gin
- Alfie congratulations on another best
seller smash death thank you very much
thank you I have told you guys I'm
pretty sure in a video I must have done
I definitely told you on Twitter that
the point is book three my newest book
the book that I'm still doing my book
like I'm literally in your office with
my book tour next week I've got Cardiff
and Liverpool went number one in the
book charts this week on Sunday it was
officially number one in the chart
that's not just down to me that's not
you guys as well so guys collectively we
I should say have got got the ones
booked three to number one in the charts
so thank you if I am if I could I would
give you all a gin and tonic to say
thank you not only because not one of
you are of age I can't be given out give
it up anyway anyway it's warmer than
saying I've got two minutes at 5:30 I've
got one up one minute now I've got to
call my therapist so let me jumping from
here I'm very aware that the vlog seems
like it's only just begun yet it's 5:30
in the evening
I've just been quiet in the interviews
today and just offer somebody a job and
they've accepted the job and exciting
exciting times super interesting called
my therapist today like we chat over
Skype or I tried in a puddle not take
some bins out today's chat was very
thought made me think about things that
I've never never never thought about
before you ready to put all of this in
the bin I think some animals have got
two bits of it or well we were just
going to pour out we might need to get
another bin bag - gross
now look on the white one
and white one and he's got a new bin bag
and this everybody is why you don't
leave your rubbish outside your bloomin
back door while you put it straight in
your bins I'm going to leave the camera
inside there's no point me filming
taking the rubbish out I don't know what
this is but it arrives in the post today
bloody oh it's heavy
there we go big old Nike boy what are
the chances that it's a stupid gadget
for me this guy's your doing so if you
want to come and see what it is
I can't tell these guys what it is yet
I'm not allowed oh no I'm going to give
you a slight hint that's all I can show
you is that if you know you know don't
say what it is or you can't not have to
bleep it I have no idea why is that do
you not know right let's lift this one
off ah then you helped me out yesterday
I'm just going to give you one hint I
can only show you what is inside these
boxes when it's a sunny day other than
that I can't show you not going to tell
you what it is but just understand yes
not a slip and slide which is always
gutted about going in bed watching boss
camp
I'm just finish dinner and stuff I was
planning on vlogging this evening until
I dropped my camera literally not from
very high and as you already know is
really broken as heck look at this sorry
I hold the whole screen just literally
came clean off so that is vlog camera
number 9 broken but not only that now
yeah edge won't even turn off so I can't
even record or know anything I'm just
gonna have to literally pull the battery
out and then first thing tomorrow first
thing tomorrow go and get go and get a
new one of these I'm going to end the
vlog on my iPhone
you enjoyed the day if you have give it
a bit like thumbs-up and sway there
wasn't so much footage from tonight
because I blooming can film anything my
cameras broke and I've only just thought
of filming a my phone so I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog if you have not already
subscribe down below it's free click the
button
we're on 4 million and 11,000 already
let's see how many we can op that today
catching the morning I'm going to go
straight away and go buy a new camera so
that I can actually vlog the day
tomorrow
see in the morning good night guys
