cleaning my dirty broken old camera good
morning guys good morning how you doing
my new camera is awful yeah I bought a
new camera the other day it broke the
day I got it not due to me
returned it got a new version of the new
camera uploaded a video whether all of
you guys said that you hated the look of
it in the audio so I'm back on the
broken camera
good morning hater and hope you're
having a lovely day just jumped in there
all that would help with that and what
the cost did I not get good back thank
you for every single plastic bag oh it
could be this many okay Larry told me to
grab some plastic bags to basically come
in to a choice just to get some food
this isn't our car by the way this is
our courtesy like rental car no just put
the backseat oh yes we'll need the food
in the back who was I know what's gonna
come of this I don't know how it work oh
I think you pull this thing there we go
look at that can have kids now perfect
I think I picked the wrong bags I know
what a dog blanket it's lunchtime this
morning I did something very exciting
but I didn't film it because I wanted to
fully concentrate and be in the zone of
what I was doing and that was test
driving an Audi r8 well now I am this
morning understanding a Dra
absolutely beautiful lovely car
thoroughly enjoyed it then someone just
moved back
someone speaking back to me yeah I
really really enjoyed it was a lovely
car maybe won't one even more I just
need to look into the insurance to see
see if I can actually get insured in my
car because I wasn't even driving
through your half see if I can get
insured in a and B 8 Audi r8 goodbye
give me a will ya Wow
I do book signing the milton keynes
yesterday that was really cool thank you
very much that where is this free little
taster is that a chicken greeks are
solid wood chicken yes please
thanks very much I don't know how many
I'll say
Oh fork got myself a chicken salad and
the salmon salad tomorrow for lunch this
is what I'm talking about today
sushi days is back who the heck is that
in there chose it
Donna Phil where's this one for this one
you which one you just sent amigo
oh look there you are as a lovely
platter and betrayal yeah I'm not one
that areas it out there she is fidget
spinners are pointless apparently I said
that Oh bloomin hello I've got full look
at that poster of me as well how did
this happen every time we said to
ourselves the room by lot of stuff we'd
just come in for a little food shop this
is the fun bit so you scan in your
little machine so we don't have to queue
up and then scan it all in it's all been
pre scanned onto this little thing we
call in transaction please wait
makes me so sad loser is not hey go
child lock there we go my powerful I was
just saying it makes me so sad that
you're not insured on this car then it
mean that I can't I can't eat and cannot
tell from gram run what you're saying
I'm so hungry I'm gonna drive home we
caught it and we wanted a sausage forget
driving and catching on anything
oh I sound desperate you are to get into
the sausages if you saw yesterday's vlog
you'll know that Zoey and I had a
massive garden party here on the weekend
which was a no social media garden party
so I think that I've never ever done
before us from my table innocence down
here from the office that's why the
table is down here as well we've got I
love your new little chair wears like a
hammock kind of thing and the tent I
wanted to show you guys in here this
this is so sick in here look at that
look at this den look how amazing that
is
I want to sleep in here like tonight or
tomorrow why she hiding behind the tree
yeah they're all from the party as well
I want to sleep in here like tonight or
tomorrow on the sofas oh that's not nice
I think we should bring a duvet down and
sleep on the sofa let's see if we'll fit
squeaking I know I can't fit yeah you
can that you saw these off the back
throw that one off the back oh no
gorgeous there's a daddy longlegs in
here man is not yellow red no okay he's
my friend
oh he's not my friend oh my god get away
I relied on Nokia only and I'm thinking
head side look come here come on lie
down
well I just leave you like this nothing
imagine and then what we do is we
where's Nala
is we bring an extension cord or they
from the house down here we bring a TV
down here
we'll bring a little mini-fridge down
here I'm actually being serious now
really would you honestly not do that
you wouldn't camp in this luxury tent
come on Ali you'll come with me
she got what she's chasing the pigeon
it's weird not having that big tent out
there now would you actually not camp in
here I don't know I don't know I just
don't enjoy so nice when we wake up in
the morning after our camping we sit
here in the front of the little 10 and
this is our view what are you doing in
there kind of been on the hammock for
the last I mean think it's meant to be a
hammock it's like a singular hammock
like a hammock chair I think you meant
to just sit in it like this I've been
sat on this thing for probably nearly
two hours now just blacks in enjoying
the calm evening there is no wind
there's birds chirping away it's just so
bloomin calm it's so clear it's so
lovely
I don't know Azorean olive are they went
inside like an hour ago and I kind of
said that I'd make dinner tonight
I don't even all the time there's no
idea what the time is just be now here
relaxing I bet real late best later than
worth it
eight o'clock eight o'clock and I
haven't even started planning dinner yet
for us
I've just been sat out here just
chilling out I should probably get my
blooming bar inside
go get making dinner today has been a
very good day a very very good day you
know when I say this cam was broken and
we can never really show you what I mean
they
this is what I mean this is what my
screen looks like it's completely fluffy
and so if I'm ever vlogging like this
I'm trying to film myself this great did
und one of these tomorrow the shops
closed now are you on the vent poppy by
any chance are you vlogging
are you sleeping by any chance are you
sleeping by chance mostly Big L you have
any much locks recently I am cooking
dinner tonight money well then I make
some that we can buy share you know my
new holiday regime kind of realized that
is probably like a couple of months
until we've done holiday now big old
family holiday and since moving here I
haven't gone to the gym one before
moving I was gym in Monday to Friday
every single day with a personal trainer
as you guys know if you've been watching
the vlogs since we've been here have a
bunch of gym once the only thing I've
done is a tiny tiny little bit of
running which I do want to get back into
doing and I love how I say back into as
if I did it for a long time enough
stopped I literally ran for like a week
which I love Yola Walker blueberry
bought these today I loved running for
that week that I did it I don't know why
stopped they go I've got them onto more
modern one thing that in vlog today is
my morning back there I have done a
morning back live already don't worry I
just didn't talk about you later
so we've got in a Holiday Inn I don't
even know like a couple of months or so
maybe a little bit more than that
and I have not been working towards that
beach body the Instagram holiday body so
starting today I'm going to eat very
strict I'm not going to be able to work
out much but I don't even have to got a
gym close to this new house so then over
the closest one is we're getting like
gym equipment and like a little gym set
up kind of thing here in the house that
I can work out but I'm very aware that
need to start working towards this
holiday boss if I was you sits back and
packs which really sticking them up in a
hat in like ten weeks or whatever it is
anyways let's see what I've got in the
fridge we are brought some chicken
salads earlier under here salmon salad
chicken salad who bought this Miami oh
my gosh the two blooming healthiest
people we know by another chocolate by
this big know me and Joey you serious
you are not going to be helping me
towards my Beachbody yeah we've got chef
days back on it cooking up the chicken
breast with occasion spice we've got
broccoli peas asparagus carrots runner
beans got fish fingers in there
we've got mashed potato we've got
everything cooking up a storm since
moving I'm cooking a lot more a lot like
every single night every night for
dinner
Zoe Naik again you guys know how bad we
used to be with the takeaways we've just
finished general watching David
Beckham's
Brazil trip program and I got myself
some ice cream
Reggie gelato statio gelato I just
wasn't up on the sofa I have no idea
where though he is when I fell asleep
she is next to me
I've still got Nala Hill with me don't
even all the time is only she go to bed
with you miss Bev Missy
