I started up this morning waking up
pretty late because as you saw in
yesterday's vlog I kind of got home last
night at like 20 minutes past 3:00 so I
ended up waking up this morning about
half past 9:00 Zoe's mum has come over
for the weekend
I popped in to Wick's to get some rope
but they didn't have ropes so I had to
get like a metal chain this is the
thickest rope they do feel like this
isn't thick enough but it might just
have to do so instead of rope I'm going
to attempt to get a chain can't believe
I just managed to get everything I
needed if I've done anything else I'll
insert it now well apparently the garden
center is the place to be on a Saturday
and the gas cylinders for the barbecue I
cannot even tell you how heavy that gas
canister is I've got the biggest one you
can possibly buy and it is so bloomin
heavy it's also incredibly dangerous
just to get this I design a contract
with the company that I wouldn't misuse
it and try to set fire to it and like do
dangerous stuff it's so light because
it's just gas don't pull your back you
bought like a proper shaver how do i
shaver that's like that's like a tree
surgeon still yeah so I bought that to
cut this rope off otherwise how am I
going to cut the rope up if there's like
some bear grylls like alright go in
basically and survive it this is our new
hammock kind of seat thing I don't know
if I should put on the ground maybe
there we go this is our new hammock
thing there's always bought and we want
to replace it with this one here which I
mean obviously I bought from Toys R Us
is little it says do not have anyone
older than six sit on it I didn't even
get ID do anything and I would just
bought a massive bloody yeah I just was
ah again we leave me alone oh there's a
leak at ha ha ha ha oh my god
isn't it eh I'm going to cut here just
for fun and then you've got there which
is that what we actually need okay
ah it's harder than it looked
it's because that's so jagged yeah
that's the face of concentration there
maybe we'll just get this yeah I think
the cam you can cut it against the tree
that's too much
I'm just going to cut like that okay get
that shot all that really are yellow
laughs oh this is I could joke good you
see what it was doing it there we go
there we go Hey
so Zoe asked for a rope that thickest
right they had was like the size of the
thickness of a pencil which it isn't
going to hold your weight so I kind of
bought this chain and I'm it's going to
work in my head let me let me show you
bro damn what do you think it's so cool
no me this little bit growing out the
truth you see these all right so let's
not get ya there guys there's wheat or
something growing out of truth like we
write some kind of like there's just six
just growing out the middle of there
like this no Sean's chopping bits for
the trio we've been we've been tied in
the house a lot today because tomorrow
Zoey and I are throwing a big
housewarming barbecue party for about 50
60 people at friends and family it's
going to be sick but we've got one rule
no social media like no one is allowed
to like snapchat Instagram vlog do
anything because there is so much of my
life of our lives of loads of our
friends lives that we put online and I
thought that it would just be nice to
have a party where everyone hangs out
and nobody like imaginet everyone hangs
out and no one is on their phone now
that's going to be sick we've got some
really really cool stuff and I plan to
the party like really cool things like
ice cream trucks come in and like the
belt ends all jazzed up we've got some
people putting together a massive it's
called a stretch 10 at the moment we've
got a wall of doughnuts we've we've got
tons and tons of really mythical stuff a
massive barbecue people doing tricks and
with the drinks and stuff but I think it
was so much more enjoyable if people are
living in the moment which might sound
crazy to you because you probably do
this yourself you probably thinking I
don't feel more Snatcher everything but
people at me who daily vlog sometimes
when I'm experiencing something called
or something fun the first thing I think
isn't like wow this is fun is like oh my
god I want to film this from my blog so
I was like let's strip that straight
away no snapchats no instagrams nothing
like that and tomorrow for the party
more or less they want to keep your
phone in your pockets keep your phones
away and and everyone gets
get to know each other because we've got
so many friends from our school and
college and different parts that we've
different friends we've met over our
lives and different workplaces and stuff
like that they're all going to be like
thrown into the garden together to all
chat with each other and get along and
stuff so so it's going to be sick but
super super exciting but we've been
planning that for ages the rope and the
chair and all of that is just to have
like a nice like how much glitter seed a
bit anyway anyways but we've just been
tidying the house now to the party and
I'll just realize that I haven't gone
through all of all of this time and chat
like there was like seven of these boxes
on some of that or presents from you
guys and my two most recent books on
names so I thought I'd just open up some
of the stuff that cap bottle okay
somebody's got me a bottle opener so I'd
open up some of the stuff and just go
through go through it with you
that is the fanciest bottle opener and
ever seen in my life thank you whoever
gave me that there's no there's no
letter with that look at that somebody
has made oh my gosh my subscribers on
here
well my vlog channel says three million
nine hundred and seventy four thousand
I've currently got four million and four
thousand so since you printed that
picture off I gain thirty thousand
subscribers that is insane
I really open on camera oh my gosh I
hope salad doesn't jump out at me okay
so get oh my god what is what is that
that looks like oh my god I don't mean
to offend your president but that looks
like a Dick's dead skunk or something
picking up the AH gazes dog joy what is
y'all this is crazy
that's an amazing drawing somebody came
up healthy the box with the little sheep
on the top of it is from New Zealand
with flown from New Zealand let's see
what's inside this box it is heavy oh my
gosh
Zoey's cold collection oh my gosh she's
always going to love that car
look at that there's always called
collection I feel like I should just see
could we keep this and give that card as
opener birthday what do you do every day
matters more than what you do wants in
while very very true sure you wanna try
some New Zealand candy yeah
have you been to New Zealand no well
famous in New Zealand oh my god
periquito much in here good lemon Easter
I never are their own labels this is New
Zealand's number one chocolate they
released a chocolate milk version of it
once and it was sold out for months New
Zealand's equivalent of liquid gold look
at your holding liquid gold I'll try to
liquid I didn't think I'd ever do
another train candy video turns out I am
try New Zealand candy
I'll try there accidentally try New
Zealand Gandy but you can't not because
I've got bloomin liquid gold this is a
golden bar is it got a golden ticket in
it to go to New Zealand though we're
eating on these are like so these paper
Charlie yeah um now I'm going to drink
it like this under the table is it like
right it says oh honey in the UK is
stranger than how additional
commentaries have different things that
are popular like in the UK no one would
ever buy a drink where the bottle is
brown nobody they make it like bright
like green and stuff of that work it
takes up lemon and honey a case like 7up
- no that's knowledge I'm not that's
like everything in it tastes like
sherbet lemon mmm good show this is oh
my god
is it good mmm do you know how much good
because they need to go hard on my ulcer
I'm going ug don't you ever get my phone
I woke up like these reasons
mmm mate on breast milk on so really
when a segment is very album cow breast
milk yeah there's no weird the humans
drink cow breasts produce yeses it's
very very stretchy to happen what an how
back like I know a thousand years ago
somewhere ago or to not be nice is
airing is it up go over there that's
just I drink now this Wyatt
because they just saw it and then one
day a car drinking from run and then
just wanted to do that day but one day
without three years time why don't we
just drink this is blood sweetie if
you're sure let me off my food I'm not a
marshmallow and caramel covered milk
chocolate and pink it risky good are you
ready to try him down
yes have you had an exam I have them
struggle penguins than me these one suck
a penguin mmm anyone else do that you
smell food before you eat here some
reason always it it's okay to eat
because it smells all right or I don't
actually have a pure Bach carriages run
out I was saying I don't have a peer box
so like I don't have an address where
people can send me things like this
shaumbra mmm yeah well people don't yeah
if you want to send some some more
golden bars was all yeah some lectures
and stuff please do I'm gonna have a
couple more golden hey roller it's love
Carolla
payroll is to bareness of Google payroll
into it is will try and so glad I'm
working so hard to get beat what is it
all this is I give a solid flat y'all
you go you so much chocolate boy it is
you / that now you gonna trust oh now
we're going to Racine up slap mmm the
good those are actual peanuts it's not
finishes help me oh you're not doing
that peanut yeah not apply the membrane
Marcus will read yes those rice is open
hey this is present form Princess
Beatrice oh that's nice huh yeah I'm not
cool that's course that's really look at
that oh that scared me
it's got red all over it it's brilliant
I think you can meet or be careful of
the chair dude we don't want various
come home the angry I wonder what it is
good great buttered oh yeah I do have a
clue what it was then all that what is
series it's a red label so it's made of
red YouTube play button I don't if you
can see that mug you mug
Hey literally hey hey oh no I remember
this girl so so bad the girl came up to
me so my mom has made you sushi for
lunch and I was like that looks
incredible she's AM alarms a savage sous
chef my gosh help and then I didn't I
got put in the back got put in the car
and taken to the house
oh it's moldy now I think you can either
metros moldy nub and mum bless is really
not just about to do that ap what you
want to try it on I can't even look at
it
Troy yeah look at that look yeah dear
diary I think you need to show those
people that on that's horrible
guys look at the sushi oh look at the
sushi close your eyes
she hands out oh my gosh oh my gosh
when I go on holiday which we've got a
family holiday coming up in a few months
when I don't look very ripped very
healthy very happy in those families
instagrams and pictures and then you
guys let me know sending me so much
chocolate I can't not eat it up the size
of this look that legit wear on my leg
like yes I think that is now it's just
chopped out the kilogram chocolate yeah
all of you and not just you watch it
everyone all of you sending me chocolate
I can't stop eating yet but thank you
thank you so much we've got like another
hour of going through these gifts thank
you so much I never ever ever expect
gifts or cards or presents or anything
like that and however I do keep
everything I do keep all my cards ever
and thank you thank you thank you it's
been quite a few hours we're still
sorting out party stuff look at this
check this sign I made a minute ago just
spent a drug right off them
yeah I did that I didn't really look how
amazing this looks Sean sorry have you
seen 200 s he gets that one I'll be
coming up we call into your brain what
no you're lying on this no I watch
poplar let you can look at his mouth let
you swallow that follows it and what was
it all the way out Oh guys look at the
tent in the garden look how cool it
looks oh yeah guys we need to put the
barbecue up
alright we're putting together the
barbecue for tomorrow this is the one
that game that they gave me good old
gamey you know him good old gaming mate
Jamie Oliver since I mean I the other
day so cheers mate we just print it
together now it looks savage looks mad
we've been working our absolute butts
off today to get everything everything
ready for the party is half past 11:00
everyone has head up to bed but kind of
don't in the role because although the
party again is completely offline
there's no social media which I'm so
excited about to just fully 100% switch
off because that is not something that I
ever normally do so I'm super excited to
be able to do that so many friends and
family around me and everyone doing the
same and everyone just living in the
moment because sometimes that just is so
so important but what I do want to do is
show you some of the setup for the party
some little bits before guests start
arriving tomorrow
the pain
okay and
