good morning guys
good morning how you doing it is day two
of the project this morning was a
massive morning of editing we're back in
being you the loser the loser is here
right I've got a list of 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 things I
need to buy you very so far I still get
you in the video you so far that's it
because you were really unprepared and
we buy everything we need you know you
don't why are you going energy trolley
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go find some
stuff I prefer to take inspiration from
the room in other words you were too
lazy to write a list of what you need so
you now don't have a list okay there if
you didn't see yesterday's vlog you're
gonna have no idea what is happening
today so please go check out yesterday's
vlog we also have not yet put the
donation page in a video so hopefully by
the time you're watching this we would
have hit our target or something if you
haven't donated details are down below
there's also text donation set up go get
involved Age UK and it may not be doing
an amazing cause my teammate ASA is as
you know a full-time plumber so he's
actually doing his plumbing job at the
moment and he doesn't finish until four
o'clock I'm left to buy with the goods I
have no idea what any of it is but me
and ASA made a list last night tile
paint sand walls and fill walls and
invite what bloom and stuff I need to do
that I need something called easy film
or sandpaper yes that seems all good
superfinishing
oh you got someone helping you look at
his smug little face he's got a member
of staff helping him Oh were you trying
to find what I just found by myself have
you found it easy Phil hey that is
upbraiding x' I have no idea how to use
that luckily I've got Asia this is the
damage he's about to spend more than me
though yes you are
yesterday you spent so much more than me
oh what's the damage much left 111 super
successful trip for me I was gonna say
great minds think alike where's a bit
more like Dumb and Dumber
the good news they yeah is that I am now
under budget compared to you by 20
pounds at least if not they every now
and then I get a little bit lonely
I'm the wrong lane now so it's finally
heading to the cottage today it is
elimination time do you know we legit
should have done what we didn't get any
food once we're there we're grinding out
we are now engaged there's a cut food on
the way yeah although you know just for
me today we've just arrived everything
is still in the car before I unpack I
want to see what color the walls are
looking like I want to see what we're
saying because yesterday when we were
painting them if you saw the vlog they
were meant to be gray and I'm scared
they look blue ok bro that's quite nice
color you know that's quite a nice color
isn't there oh damn that is actually on
the vlog it looks so different to
real-life look at that in my vlog what
duck egg blue like it really is I was
shut these will need to be dark alright
anyways we've got everything to sort
everything out I found my gonna be on
you candle holder nice Dave's trying to
whittle a candle over there yeah in the
background this morning we've got a big
delivery from Bosch they currently who
have jumped in on this project to help
out and I've sent us a ridiculous amount
of tools I don't know exactly walk
towards they've said they did send me a
list but listen oh no you know I don't
know what any of it means so I think
it's just gonna be useful stuff for this
project that's what I'm hoping
oh this looks serious Wow Oh the big boy
drill they've also said uh y'all don't
even know what that is a PST 18 li yeah
obviously will you boys that one must
have come through these oh this looks
good a little hand drill yes and that's
your hand drill
that's the cordless jigsaw we needed
that - oh yeah different fittings this
is honestly what I need so bad yes when
the electric sander for the wood is it
cordless yeah battery on that we need to
get charged in a level ah
Laser laser some more fittings oh damn
big boy cordless as well a multi-tool
and that does sanding and stuff as well
I think this isn't Oh some more fittings
for the sander oh my gosh some more
drill fittings some little saw bit more
sandpaper something else what is this oh
boy it detects whether this what's
behind it I was literally ten today but
I don't know how to tell if there's
anything behind the wall this is the
thing that tells you that a massive
laser nevela
you have literally kids at us out then
thank you so much
I'm about to start painting the tiles
pace is taking this out for me bloom in
Ecch Davey Boy we're getting rid of this
white thing it's going come and have a
look just go and bro we're getting rid
of that okay ace is using Dave's kitchen
pot for filler check out this guy's just
kind of satisfying but then at the same
time it's all about paint from yesterday
yeah
painted tile was down there just waiting
for that to dry I am genuinely got to be
there at those places flaking off yeah
moment of truth don't fit that over
there yeah we've come out for dinner
grabbing some food we've got onto the
pot and I'm just sitting on my phone but
I'm reading all of the tweets with the
hashtag Brenda's cottage have seen how
many of you guys have donated but more
importantly how many of you have also
run up your grandparents or people that
you love who are old and you just check
it in on them seeing how they are and
see what they're up to and there's
pictures of you guys got a visit in your
grandparents it's cool
what today hashtag Brenda's cottage
today was the day that I picked up the
phone and spoke to my man for the first
time in nearly 16 years thank you for
inspiring me to do so Alfie yes my
name's all my work phone on my Twitter
region one of your users wrong yes I'm
just here oh thank you jealous thank you
very much oh my gosh that looks amazing
let's leave without there You've let's
just go it's just going to the toilet
I know he's seen us he's seen us keep
doing the drive through the driver
finger you should keep driving off I
gotta make my launch at the right time
I'm I'm right here yeah
the lyrics of this song are all I see is
blue blue blue is taking the mick
because our walls are meant to be gray
but they've turned out blue
oh yeah haha number two that the paint
on everywhere oh my gosh are you
 me
what we gonna do
or just keep this over there put the
soap over right will come out in the
wash if you put it in the washing
machine is fine oh yeah you talk enjoy
coffee
Alfie's band when the glass is coming
out
the camera batteries run out charge I'm
vlogging on my iPhone we're about to
expose all of the brick floor which we'd
one thing we're going to do today but we
are you can do it
let's roll I think there's another layer
underneath a super quick recap this is
the end of day two is midnight you guys
didn't manage to work on your room today
at all did you
your room still looks the same you
didn't manage to do anything I sorta
laser paint into the floor wax it in
their room it's gonna come out though
good just like yesterday's vlog I'm
ending on the sofa here my camera as you
saw ran out earlier on so I had to stop
filming right towards the end of the
evening and I took over my iPhone I am
knackered let me show you the time zero
zero forty four quarter to 1:00 in the
morning I've literally just walked
through that all my hands are still like
covered in pain and stuff working today
this project is going sick and I haven't
even checked actually in the last couple
of hours about how the charity aspect of
it is going and senior girls donations I
have been reading your tweets the
relationship that I have with you guys
is I do not I suppose the front of it
the face of it is just all fun and
messing about and I'm like making silly
little vlogs or I do stupid stuff but
the connection the the bond that we have
is so intense because you know
everything about me you see everything
in my life and when when I bring in
stuff like charity projects and I asked
you guys in the video to ring up your
grandparents
or an elderly person you know or
relative that may feel lonely and might
need that phone call might need you to
invite them to come out for a coffee or
pop around the house or something which
is a lot of this project as you if you
saw yesterday's video is about when I
asked you guys to get involved with that
you're not the kind of audience that
just goes yeah okay cool nice video see
you later or tune in tomorrow but you
take on board what I say and you listen
to it and I do the same of you guys I
really really take on board with you
it's like such a great relationship that
we have and I think it would be hard for
any other kind of YouTube channel to
have that intense of a relationship
because I'm not just making like funny
videos every day I'm really really like
filmed in my life and what I'm doing and
what I'm about and seeing the amount of
you guys on social on Twitter tonight
especially like reading how many of you
I'm gonna refresh my mentions now
Emily's just donated ten pounds summer
sister catching up unfortunately my
granddad passed away last year my nan
has been lost without him and he was a
right arm seeing my nan Solo and he was
hot was breaking my heart
so last week got offered to move in she
is over the moon and the movement begins
this weekend that's from Emma da that
literally breaks my heart that is
amazing like this in love with the
projects you do always caring about your
surroundings donated one pound your
charity videos or ideas inspire me so
much I hope one day I'm too in a
fortunate enough position to really make
a difference to be heavily involved with
charity in the way you Zoe Dave and
Shawn are so refreshing I think the
amount of charity we're doing this
amazing
hey-up ones blog I had an hour long chat
with my grandma about her childhood and
learnt so much I made sure she was well
and happy thank you for encouraging me
to do this it's literally messages like
that that I'm just like yes I'm building
a kitchen with my friend ASA and Dave
and his friend Josh are doing the living
room but that's not what this project is
about this budget is about revamping
Brenda's house
the little old woman who I've never even
met but lived in the house for I think
it was her entire life and just moved
out but keeping her energy and her vibe
in that property and then really really
taken to heart that she had to move out
to move to know people's home into the
project and getting involved with Age UK
who I'm just about to refresh now to see
how much money you guys have donated if
you haven't already donated and you can
do that please do you can text donate so
it's literally super easy like you let
you text a number with a certain code
and it donates money obviously it's real
money it comes off from your bill so
please make sure that you pick your bill
and that you're over 18 like this is
real money I don't want someone to do
this one like their parents bail or
their brothers bail or something like
that
let me find how much money we've raised
so far 1231 pounds that's 49 percent our
target was two and a half thousand
pounds we've had 237 people donate that
is awesome but as I said it's like so
much more than just that money I don't
think of me wrong the money is great and
that's gonna make some amazing things
happen even longer-lasting than that
1200 pounds is the relationship that you
guys can pick up and make a stronger
with you loved elderly once you can do
that so I encourage you again in this
video if you have a free five minutes
today maybe just pause this video and
leave it here or whatever I don't mind
if you click off the video now to go and
bring your nan your granddad whoever it
is even if it's your aunt if you don't
have any grandparents bring your auntie
mean your uncle just catch up so I'm
giving your mum your dad to see how they
aren't proper like when was the last
time you asked somebody or they ask you
how are you and not just like in the
shop to the shopkeeper hey how you doing
you good yeah really good thanks
that doesn't count I'm talking like how
actually are you now how have you been
how you feeling do you know I mean like
there's a difference between just like
hey how are you - like how are you
actually doing are you okay I genuinely
want to know I think that's a
that's a whole nother thing it's about
ten to one now I need to end this vlog I
need to go to bed I need to get some
sleep because I need to be up so early
tomorrow to buy dining-room chairs for
the table
I need to buy shelves there's so many
things that I need to buy tomorrow then
how I'm gonna do it all books I'm also
going to edit this vlog tomorrow is the
last like building day and construction
I suppose of like doing everything and
painting and it has to be 100% finished
tomorrow and then on Thursday we've got
an adjudicator coming in to the cottage
to judge the two rooms viroid a couple
of different categories of different of
judging things and it's going to decide
which room wins I don't know if there's
a forfeit for the loser I don't mind if
there is cuz I'm confident with one
we've done something good work anyways
if you've been enjoying the vlogs guys
give it a thumbs up subscribe if you're
not already it takes two seconds down
below click the button turn the little
bell on so you get notified when I do
upload videos leave some lovely comments
I'll read them I do read them or apply
to them I'm literally just open in my
laptop now to go on and read the new
comments from today's vlog because as
you know I've been out obviously we'll
even in to have another chance read my
comments and I do love to read my
comments on my vlogs um so that's what
I'm doing
right this second sorry up my vlogs
gonna wake sorry up yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow
