good morning guys good morning how you
doing we are back in my Aldi because if
you saw yesterday's video you'll know
that Range Rover gave me a brand new
Range Rover whilst my ones getting fixed
I'm just really scared to drive it like
the XS it the level of insurance that
I've got if I was to do any damage to
that car too scared it's too expensive
so I'm back in my all day and today's
first stop and you see how this car it's
literally like a sauna oh my god I
literally can't breathe is a camera shop
because this vlogging camera I'm
vlogging on I swear it's not even that
old eyesore I've had it I don't even
know you guys probably work it out
better than me like a couple it's two
months maybe already absolutely busted
like if you could see behind the camera
now the screen don't you can hear that
completely falling apart just with all
the screws are coming down the cannon
section this is the camera that I use at
the moment these screws just all out and
then the screen just falls off and
breaks and as soon as these are falling
out it's an absolute nightmare to fix
I've handed them back into Canon to fix
before and this mess and they just can't
do it so I don't really want to have to
buy another one of these because I like
eight of them or something and they're
so gloominess one said this is another
popular one where's this only the newest
one is this it let us look for I swear
there's a mark five is this yeah the
Mach 5 this is an alternative very very
similar yeah
don't get me wrong that was super
successful I was also incredibly
expensive but this this is nearly double
the price of the camera that I'm
currently vlogging on and so let's hope
that it's double the quality or that it
lasts double as long can i balance you
there whilst i unbox the box with one of
those earrings tryna do it really
carefully in case for me to return it
has anyone ever actually read any of
that stuff like come on come on now
you're wasting trees they need to put it
all online I just got to be in queue
which is my next stop I'm going to
switch cameras now and let's just let's
see what happens here we go okay link
number 1 that implies
already is that way lock my car now
sting someone else's yes what car
demonic little bit more perfect are the
camera I feel like I know how to change
this I just need to accepting tweet one
of the settings I don't know if it's
actually done anything the camera might
be a little bit shaky it might be a
little bit smooth I feel like I'm
shooting in 50 frames a second which I
don't think I did before we're just
going to test out I can change with the
settings and see what see what's
happening if you've got the camera
comment down below or tweet me some
settings that I should be vlogging on
anyways to continue with absorb the
reason one in being cue others in here
the other day and we bought a
wheelbarrow now the main thing that we
actually did need was rope and as soon
as I got home to do that one thing that
move as well what are these this is
exactly what I need what was I saying
before we needed rope as soon as I got
home though he was like did you get the
rope and I was like no but I kind of
bought a wheelbarrow so I need to try
and find out where that wrote this we've
got no luck here but I just wanted to
vlog it just to prove to you guys and
Zoey especially I did try but that is
not going to be thick enough what we
need it for it does blow my mind how
many people watch these little videos
that I do I just now every single member
of staff in there who I spoke to which
was four people every single one of them
said are you buying this for YouTube
video I is this Rijiju video like it is
crazy how many like until I go out in
public and bump into people who watch
the videos for me it's just me in the
camera and then I see offices like
numbers online and some of the numbers
already big like a million or four
million and stuff like that but that
doesn't feel like a real people and it's
as soon as I step out the house at that
moment that I realized like that
a lot of bloody people watch my life
like this is crazy
but if it was cool it fills them in real
I don't know what I'm saying now if we
shut up when he'd head into by 10:00
I need to meet up with my friend Toby
and grab a coffee with him what else do
I need to do still need to try and get
some work from somewhere now Anne is
busy today guys
town is bloomin busy if I do this looks
insane this is the one full Fork mustard
mayonnaise and rocker
hoody crap though look at those I may or
may not have just spent half an hour in
a piano shop oh I want to stop playing
music Wisman so bad and I've thought
about doing a piano for a while there's
something that having a piano in the
house that's just the gold and I just I
just spent half an hour in a piano shop
testing all different pianos out and
have taken some pictures of the ones
that I like anyways I need to get to an
event at my old school in 13 minutes and
I'll see if I see you when I get there
I've got a couple of things want to chat
to you guys about in the last clip I
said to you guys that I was going to a
event in my old school and I was going
to explain and show you when I get there
I did go and it was absolutely lovely it
was amazing when I said that I was going
to film the event I didn't think about
that it was a my primary school so year
year three to year six so the kids are
probably like I'm not an average six or
seven or eight years old I don't think
it's really safe to be filming children
especially children that I don't know
and I haven't got like permission from
their parents to film them and so
decided it wasn't best to film the event
but I thought I tell you in here
basically I was at another event at the
end of last year and I met Doughboy he
goes to bat for junior school which is
my old school in Brighton and his sister
passed away whilst at the school
basically long story short it was an
amazing event today at bow for junior
school to remember one of the students
that passed away and I've met her
brother so they asked me if I wanted to
come along and it was my old school and
one of my year four teachers was there
and it was the same janitor guy was
there it was really really cool but it
wasn't really the right thing to film
because as I said there's lots of young
kids and the day wasn't about me it
wasn't about filming the day was purely
about this little girl the student that
passed away and remembering her and and
having an amazing time so I did that
that was really really cool I met so
many of you guys like he was mad when I
turned up there was so many of you so
big thank you to her brother
and her mum and the Mart lips for for
letting me know about the event so that
I could go and show my support and show
my love and turn up and stuff like that
thing number two that I wanted to sit
down and talk about right now was my new
camber that as you saw I spent nine
hundred and eighty nine pounds on
earlier today 908 that is the most
expensive vlogging camera I've ever like
even I've never spent that much money on
a vlogging camera before I need to
return it tomorrow
it already can you see that I don't know
if you can see this it doesn't close
like when you turn it on it's slightly
there in the way of the shot the whole
time and when you turn the camera off
that it doesn't close the lenses are
half exposed so this is already broken
and it was a blooming nearly a thousand
pounds so I need to pop it luckily I
opened it really really carefully from
the box trying to do it really carefully
and constantly Paterna
there was something about it that I just
thought no you should open this box very
carefully Alfie because it's an
expensive camera and you never know time
to have a good evening just got to the
train station
tickets for today
just realize that haven't fully
explained what is actually going on
tonight and why I'm on the train to
London tonight is change service moving
in party which let's move did like two
months ago or something now and they did
have another day for the party but it
had to be postponed postponed cross pond
that I've delayed until now so they're
moving in parties tonight I kind of
forgot to put in my diary and J takes me
send your mind you're the way in I was
like yeah definitely on the way
definitely remembered definitely didn't
forget going to get to us now and get on
the train so it starts in like an hour
and I'm probably not going to get that
right hour and a half we just do bad
consider or literally for what that it
was happening why did I not believe in
problem a diary
we've just got to London Victoria now I
don't know what's happening because I
thought I was going to be jumping in
attacks and going straight to J's but it
turns out that my friend Ned is in
between here and chase place or chain
Sarah's place so I don't know if I'm
going to pick him up on the way or
whether he's going to come here I think
he's coming here I've also got his walk
dogs he left it at my house the other
day when we're playing poker so I need
to remember to give him back his watch
because I'm currently walking around for
walked on each wrist to watch it look
like an idiot service thank you so much
kids guys give the video thumbs with you
remember what I'm about to say boys take
the stairs so much quicker I may or may
not have just brought me my friend Ned a
chicken salad each two beers each and a
bottle of water each and I'm swaying for
him what is on the tube - Victoria -
come and meet me and we're going to jump
in a taxi you know those nights where
you don't plan on going out and then you
end up getting the most drunk staying at
the laser feeling the worst the next day
having the best night and the nights you
don't plan I feel that could be tonight
but I really I can't afford it to me
because I really need to much more a
morning invited so I think I'm going to
really sickly able to get like the last
train home maybe even a taxi that's the
way home which can have to happen so
that for that tonight it's going to be
going to be a good night it was so this
is what you've always wanted though at
your in-house by that's what you wanted
okay let me go calm down Oh awesome -
it's the way that looks nice
just climb guys I'm going to end the
vlog tomorrow catches the morning I told
you I'd catch in the morning and I
literally did catch you in the morning
good morning guys
no I can't say that that's tomorrow's
vlog for you you're not pretend you
can't see me I got back at like 3:20
last night in the morning 20 minutes
past 3:00 and I definitely didn't feel
it ending the vlog I had had maybe like
five drinks awesome drunk but I did have
a little bit of anyways basically I got
back late didn't feel that ending the
vlog so mending it now but before I end
there three things number one if you're
not ready subscribe actually four things
if you're not already subscribed go down
below and subscribe like I just want to
see how women many new subscribers we
can get because so many of you watch
this video aren't subscribed and the
other day when I mentioned it and I said
please do actually go subscribe they've
got like 4,000 new subscribers that day
so if you want to subscribe that would
be blooming lovely number to give the
video a thumbs up number three and
number four kind of go together I've
done two podcasts recently let video
podcasts for friends of mine do YouTube
channels and I just wanted to show them
out I know a lot of you have seen
because I've tweeted them out and stuff
but I just wanted to try them out number
one is a friend of mine called Steve
Steve Bartlett his podcast series is
interviewing entrepreneurs so if you're
into that kind of thing go check it out
link is down below and number two is
something that you guys probably don't
know about but it was a youtuber who
let's just say very much disliked me I
made a few videos very vocally speaking
about how he does not like me at all
and I went on his podcast to go and
check out like check everything out and
see what he was saying which was a lot
of people oh my gosh are you sure you
want to do that I did it was a three
hour podcast nearly nearly three hours
link is down below it looks a little bit
something like this I thought there's no
way this lad can be real and that's when
when you were a judge the words mean
after I was an asshole you I was like
yes no so if you have kids or Willa
hmm and it was awesome it was so good
get to chat to him we're like friends
now kind of thing is is I've had more
people message me saying that they
watch that podcast and listen to all of
those mums listen talking about Shawn
and probably listen to it
everyone I've been getting text messages
from our school friends saying that
they've listened to it
and they absolutely loved it anyways to
podcast links are down below go check
them out subscribe give the video a
thumbs up and I will get you tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
