yeah I still get yep
good morning guys hi did today we are at
the wood recycling place in Brighton
trying to find some pallets for a
project that we're working on at the
moment
and Zoe's being very particular about
which one she wants healthy can you get
this one here I'm not uh yeah right I
mean it's only like 10 pallets deep Zoe
I hope you guys are having a lovely day
whatever you're doing you're probably
not getting wood and pallets from a wood
recycling place like me probably having
more fun you look like Tom Thumb you
like these are like um sewing thimble or
nimble's or other grinding balls like a
little reel of cotton Oh Alfie need to
be very careful yeah that one's fab you
get the stamping on that one that's so
cool I would have the hell yeah yeah
just be careful this is like a sick
playground over here
oh gosh they don't jump on them no don't
jump on them it's an idea you know in
those days boom yeah like Indiana Jones
not rolling along in there like every
stop it's moving no come on from yes get
out now what are you going to do are
they heavy is that really heavy
is it at no they're really cool um hey
you're going to break your neck oh my
god Claudia careful don't break the
palate they're like little coffee tables
watch out there's a massive spike on
that one right by your hand well that
that was so close to your hand wow this
is incredible
got some converter as well guys oh my oh
my gosh literally today for me has been
one of the busiest day is ever like I'm
can never open that door my log is just
gonna live it's 20 minutes past 5:00 and
evening it was not a vlog if you saw the
yesterday's video it was a special 4
million subscriber special just a
roundup of everything that we've been
through together on this blog channel
because this channel isn't like a normal
user channel this is this is very
personal this is my life so don't if I
told you the other day that the Range
Rover couldn't get fixed and what I have
to actually do is drop it off to a place
about half an hour away called Lewis the
only thing is that the issue that we've
got with this car is a submit son
approves the diesel exhaust fluid and
also something through the oil that is
injected I don't know I don't know
basically this clock cannot drive very
well over 30 miles per hour
and they can't pick up the car bring it
to the place so I have to drive it
myself as I said the place is half an
hour away and it's kind of 29 minutes
until have to be there need put in the
Sat Nav where I'm actually even going
estimated time of arrival 557 they close
at 6:00 p.m.
let's hope there's no traffic completely
forgot we're handing this in has it got
anything that we need in it - on your
jacket three minutes past 6:00 so it's
literally wonder what the facts brought
up alcohol is hardly your personal place
I'll show you what I'm offering for
therefore be fresher oh my gosh this car
has never ever been driven before have a
look at this it is literally done 11
miles it's done 11 miles it is brand new
time for me to drive this car home I
will show you all around the car when I
get back because there's some really
really cool tech in this thing and just
like that on foam half an hour drive in
this car it's really really nice it's
pretty similar to their - the Range
Rover that we've got that I could feel
that it was longer because it is
definitely longer than our car
this caused the Discovery sport 2017
plate so nice lickle with a black grille
you are that rims flat text
I mean it's got the black back hasn't it
just pop the boot and see what we're
saying
oh I did not know that a cheeky little
7-seater
one two three four five six seven little
seven Seaton obviously these can fold
down as well nice put the kids in the
back you know pop this door open nice
jumping back in the front seat this is
really nice let me show you you can
choose the temperature of the seats on
the screen no way just a very nice Range
Rover I'm so lucky that the car we got
given I don't know how it ended up as
this but the car that we got a given
whilst our car is being fixed is a
ridiculously nice car
I'm cool we're just going to get given
given a then give it a five I believe in
you then you know we're actually going
to get given a car I think they would
just say yeah we'll take number that's
fixable and that's it
now when you jumped in the public eye
there are lots of things lots of cool
opportunities that you get lots of
freebies as well as you guys know that
sometimes clothing companies will send
me free clothes or some people even get
like free holidays and things like that
I can understand why because obviously
aspect especially the youtubers people
get a lot of views so often that helps
out the company and therefore it's worth
I'm giving you that thing for free but
today I found out a very big negative
with with being known by many people to
us say when I was filling up the
insurance details for that car that I
just showed you they said that the
excess on the car would be 250 pounds
basically that means if I was to crash
the car or damaged the car I have to pay
the first 250 pounds and anything after
that my insurance cover that I told them
my name and my address and they said do
owner company and I was like oh yeah
legally I do or everything I do by
YouTube is run via a company does it
yeah I doing that I'll take you over the
name of your company that's like yeah
yeah of course you can let's say can we
call you back in a minute okay
yeah sure you go back in a minute then
let's all good remain they call me back
and they said we didn't realize you're a
celebrity that's like what them again
you're going to be on the VIP in sure
because you're a slipper tea right
mm-hmm
well not make little YouTube videos like
that's about it and this is yeah I'm
going to be on the VIP insurance nose
like okay that sounds cool
thank you thank you very much and then
they ask me do I know what that means
nice to know it sounds cool though and
they said it means that because you're
well known instead of your excess being
250 pounds your excess is now being for
up to 2,500 pounds so now if I was to
damage to the car or crash the car I
have to pay two and a half thousand
pounds instead of 250 pounds so it's a
negative thing like there are so many
cool things that come with being get
lots of views on YouTube and being known
by a lot of people but like I just said
but today has discovered that it
massively affects your car insurance I
don't know how or why it does because
just because people watch these videos
doesn't mean that I'm going to drive my
car any less safe if that makes sense I
have no idea I decided that you know
that I have to pay for that car if I
damage it 10 times the amount of an
average person just because I make
youtube videos how weird is that Ivan
showing you what took me probably like
an hour and a half this morning we no
longer have a swimming pool a got rid of
it folded all up took it all down
emptied out with the water but look how
much better the view is it's improved it
so much we used to have a big pool there
which I mean I do want to put back one
day because it was absolutely sick when
it was there but and the water got a bit
muggy and a bit gross so I took it all
down and then just got a nice big nice
big patio there taking all the pillows
inside in case it rains again tonight -
like on a car
now I could I can say that I'm the only
one insured in this car do you know how
funny that is I let you into my new car
don't you worry Gina was funny you've
got like seven or eight years of no
claims you've been driving so it's
literally brand new you've been done for
so long yet you're not in short earnest
and I am I'm so hungry
he's going to hate this clip because I'm
just zooming in and out let's get some
drink yeah I like every dead why you
good as in dead
the more you guys vlogging should just
be like this from now on I'm worried
about stinking out their car I hope
they're not watching we have not got
beach in your new car it's not like
we're going to let's get it everywhere
let's eat Jay I'm trying hmmm how your
zoom did this could be the greatest day
of our lives I hid for milk you did it
for now for now crazily but for many
people watching that I every day
but I also have been asana amazes me
with a four million
is that it's for many people subscribe
to my life it's not just like
entertainment comedy videos you know I
mean like it's much harder to gain
subscribers I just accidently filter but
more tonight looking in the sky as well
yeah it's crazy
oh cool it's a really great shot
yeah that's talking really really happy
with it
because four million I've got five more
men on my for this blog channel but
that's more just like pure entertainment
funny
Alfie's being an idiot with friends this
is this is my life
I get so entertained on your main
channel every week I just killed a
you're watching my video yeah referre
you should start reuploading you're just
like you should put on private and I'm
paranoid they go sit up alright just one
you really get that review so what to
send the link out again tweeting the
ground generally you know oh sorry I
mean this old video I saw Jerry as you
didn't see yeah you can call it like a
month of like going through the archive
John I mean yeah let me know the
comments you'd appreciate that guy's
reuploading old videos nothing anyone
might be one that they might not see
before
yeah the for your trance in today's
episode of our late-night towers for
them looting for the driver can I not
have a tomato from the street no not in
this car tomorrow my excess is brimming
to a thousand I'm not going to be if
there's like tomato juice on my feet
don't do that don't can't this is brand
new so 32 miles no looking I'll just
have a bit bread that's so unfair you
know the driving an icon eight no I'm
waiting I'm gonna wait and then it's
going to be delicious when I get when I
get it Alfie this bread is delicious
hmm we know how to celebrate four mil
this is you requested this Lazaro it's
because I just was so hungry but you
know when you'll be on tumblr and you're
like I need to eat now like I thought I
can't cook I didn't even eat something
naughty but this is kind of it yeah
maybe that's what it is up now yeah
that's what it was like though it was
either I was going to end up getting
McDonald's or eating a bowl of cereal or
like I didn't even want to cook like a
proper dinner oh look at those two old
guys again the pop remind you toriana
bingo or something probably going to
play hide and seek in the park
that's just you and you're an old man
sorry I'm so kind of go down after don't
have it if you could just kick your arms
you're good you get you get to coconut
cut become are they going to tell me
often any drop in that read ready no I'm
not going to show you how are you
