something very specialist just happened
and there is only one way to celebrate
by doing a back flip good morning how
you doing I hope you're having a lovely
day I'm recording this video that you're
watching probably half an hour ow
half an hour before it actually gets
uploaded to my youtube channel
I just want to sit down and have a
proper chat with you a second because
I've just hit 4 million subscribers 4
million subscribers on this YouTube
channel like Witness blog YouTube
channel has well over 5 million
subscribers but that channel is not very
it's not very personal it's not about me
as such as more just about making fun
silly little videos with my friends
where is this channel the one you are
watching is purely about me and my life
and the fact that 4 million people
4 million of you have chosen to hit that
subscribe button and follow me on my
journey through life with my friends my
families that UPS the Downs everything
you'll follow my every single step the
fact that 4 million of you have chosen
to press that button and stick with me
watch my videos every single day how I
never be able to express how thankful I
am and how much that actually means to
me so instead of uploading a normal vlog
today I got a very special video made by
one of you guys you actually watch my
videos I'll leave her link down below
it's a roundup video of me and my
journey on YouTube to 4 million
subscribers so I hope you enjoy it give
the video a thumbs up if you do
subscribe if you're not already guys
development for for millions they give a
formula and I hope you enjoy the video
I'll catch you tomorrow with a normal
daily vlog 4 million for beloved million
4 million
come on oh my gosh no way
Hey you're not even ready for this
I thought I was ready during stood one
hello people at the YouTube community
and it's got me thinking how cool it'd
be to make videos will in fact videos of
me where I thought I might as well try
and start making YouTube videos in
blogging or blogging wavers I don't know
better - all right go fast and how not
to cook with Alfie deyes the service
notices
I'm going to be over 1500 in over a
thousand people 20,000
I think it's just the fun of it like I
genuinely love it so much if I have got
the point where I didn't like don't do
it
I guess as simple as that and I've just
been thinking about how lucky I am how
lucky I am to have all of you guys how
lucky I am to done everything I've done
in my life
at the age of 23 like it is crazy that's
the thing that I loved about YouTube is
I don't know what is gonna happen next I
don't know what's going to happen I just
I though is it's exciting basically I
hated their word 7,000 people to turn
down and that is just insane I never
expected up you mean more to me than
anything anything else right now me and
you watching this video we're going to
do something to make your life a 7 or
above if your score is currently not a 7
or above tip number one do more or we'll
make you happy
anything you guys do means so much to me
and I'm so so thankful I got really
really hope you understand how that play
out because you guys do so much me and
it's amazing so there's ever hi I'm
gonna visit you I love you and I know
whenever I upload the spore it's going
to be phenomenal and I know everyone's
going to be excited I will always make
the best videos I can possibly make I
will put this effort into them that I
have available really soul
there's always going to be people that
you can't please in life this map
there's always some people that no
matter what you do I have hard work on
something
it's just not enough in it so you will
get knocked down on the way there will
be things that are so hard along the way
that you feel like giving up and you you
just have to all times remember why you
started you said fail fail fail and fail
better we need to just make this world
more happier and more positive but we
need to just cut things like bullying
all right why are we sitting there
worrying about how many will amend news
and subscribers and likes or instagrams
again we need to lift our heads up more
and enjoy what's around us I look at
this bloomin place this is beautiful
well marks getting a time
thoughtful face time
my
I did
it's mine course I will that's what i'ma
do I make youtube videos
