goodbye bro see that buddy
she let pal see you soon my good old
friend no what did you say brother good
oh yeah this new door is called the door
off good morning guys
good motto oh no I've got to pick up
Shawn in literally like 12 minutes but
it's so important for me to do this I
have to do this I have to do this quick
jump over the table quickly I've got 12
minutes we got Shawn I've just realised
haven't done my morning that blip what
nothing no wait let me do another one
good yes good morning guys good morning
how are you doing I hope you're having a
lovely day I need to get my butt in the
car I've got about 10 minutes until eyes
to be extraordinary super exciting again
here we go today's car music is brought
to you by foodie Allen's these songs are
such a throwback Kimber bubbly good
again so I've just picked up Shawn and
as we were driving past Aldi I've had to
pop in because there's been an Audi r8
pots out the front here sale for like
three months now and I've come to see it
before but every time I Drive past I'm
like oh my god you guys have no not
wanted an Audi r8 for literally years
and years and there's a secondhand 2015
Audi and right here bro I want it is all
about I know you like sitting on the
floor
midget sitting on the floor I want it so
bad so you go get the keys go and have a
look at it it's a v8 which is perfect
because can't have v10 or v12 with mine
forints it would be way too expensive
just looks really nice man I thought is
a 2013 when I drove past but it's not a
2015 morning is lindsaym Lenin
right let's go get the keys this is the
newer one this is the 2017 I'm so wide I
love it though if I just couldn't get
this this is ridiculous this is the
goals though we went and got the keys
had a look at the RA and everything and
it was just sick it was just sex it was
sick I didn't film anything of it
because the guys from howdy were there
they didn't want to get on my camera
that's the goal one day one day
hopefully they're gonna hopefully going
to let me drive one for a day to see if
I I really really like it because like
you know when we bought the Range Rover
we rented a Range Rover for a week
before drove it all the way to Edinburgh
just to make sure that we definitely
like the car obviously I don't want to
buy an Audi r8 without like properly
driving one to see whether it's the
right car for me if I if I like it the
last couple ever driven one anyways what
Sean and I are about to do looks like
we're doing it because of the festival
party thing that we went to the other
day I actually bought this a month ago
to have in the garden for parties and to
maybe stay in overnight and just for fun
with the family and stuff and then when
we went to the party the festival thing
the other day with all the youtubers
there we stayed in one of these and it
was amazing so it made me even more
excited to put this one together this is
an ultimate bail tent then a how long
this is going to take guys this could be
a half an hour thing this could be a six
hour thing I have no idea like the
colour you
their core that chrome rainbow Sean's
putting the poles together we haven't
looked at the instructions yet they're
here we advise that having two people to
erect the temple will simplify the work
but it's fine if one of you follow the
instructions
Wow we should whisper attention boy we
should got this man there's a dab doing
it would be like four-year-old son if we
can't do this it's four years old done
two extra passes exactly got it there's
too many different screws and different
peg bits we put the tent down on the
floor and pegged it in but there's so
many of these so many different bits I
say we do there peg the hoops down I'm
saying we just want this pole in I just
don't know where this other pole goes
you know where that pole goes Sean the
light is the duel I bet you yes I've
been we're done think that's it sick
good job let's just hope it doesn't get
windy see we didn't even need any of
that extra stuff every time I set my
camera up for a time-lapse I think it's
because we're about to do something
productive that's going to be cool and
look good on camera and then we sit down
and we're like what the health or the
blood yellow we do and how do we do this
we kind of don't really know what to do
now because we've used up the majority
of all of these things and now we've got
to attach all of this string to these
but like pull it out and then the string
goes down to the ground but we don't
know how to attach it to the ground how
many of these are there because we can
count these and then count how many of
them are these there are all the other
one killing it man we've put all of
these in which you need to put this top
bit
yes I didn't even realize we got this I
think it's because I brought the
ultimate belt n like the ultimate
package there I also want to go get one
of the rugs like the carpets from my
office and put it inside there in a
couple of pillows and stuff or we should
put myself is in there is in there and
we should do it yeah Jack and that's how
it works
no y-you can't have one strand was like
that and that's it's supposed to go in
the middle like literally the pole goes
through the middle directly and bet you
pour absolute mission undo the unmovable
there's little strings in the middle
it's not like you can just slide it in I
know let's just get the pole up and
slide it underneath all right yeah
there's no charge we just tried to move
the middle pole to put the chandelier in
but oh my gosh who is way too heavy so
Sean's currently trying to hand the
chandelier on a tree just to make the
most out there that looks savage though
bro we did it and it didn't even take
that long so we go and get stuff for it
now what are so for now the army good
isn't it it looks so sick I'm thinking
you garden literally in the garden and
then we're just popping over to the
office now
to try and get some rugs and some chairs
and some seating and
just try and make it make it a bit more
more homely you know it is so bloomin
hot today don't want to complain because
it's absolutely lovely but it is
incredibly hot we've just added tons of
new stuff to the Beltone with Zoe it's
looking so good in there with things
from the office that pop of that like
rustic feel you know looking at it like
really to get in in the roof of the tent
yeah mate hey mate you excited are you
excited
give me that squirrel give me out
squirrel we've come to being queue to
try and get some stuff to make the make
the bell tent even better we don't know
what we're gonna get like that yeah
though you want some really tall spikes
so that we can hang lights around there
on the outside I don't really know what
we're going to get we're just having a
look I don't know where we start is so
big in here we need an extension lead or
two all the way from the house down to
the bottom long one so that we can have
power in there we're going to Majan a
mini fridge you know I just had imagined
putting Zoe's pink fridge in the tone
don't you know you just said this is a
bloomin Eric green I'm thinking like now
one thing this is 45 meters that is
insanely big I think this is what we
need love it thank you so much man
that's it that's the one hello we've
ended up buying a wheelbarrow that was
legit you actually need this for the
garden guys just didn't think I was
going to be buying a wheelbarrow today
interior doors do you need a door do you
yeah what for
no I just love doing I just wanted right
we now have to somehow fit this into the
car Jagger this is going to fit or maybe
the other way this it might need to go
stick further anything down you ready oh
nasty
God bloody well burrow in the car and
look at his face
I brought Shawn to pot canvas I would
happily stand in there for an hour and
look everything that legit no you talk
disco or nothing he is going to buy a
house just like that oh no just
everything every drone every camera
every lens everything you could possibly
ever want like you're into video of tog
Rafi okay sir Santa's pompano is very
dangerous like that's the place to go I
need to I need to decide on no I don't
even need new equipment
I do need them good one so the Shawn's
come out wanting a new camera and a new
heart I just draw a new camera but I
need the GoPro Ultima I need the DJI
method but just so everything in that I
need the new lenses Joe we need and even
you I need to need to go home no really
I mean this is so smashed right we need
to go homes what we need to completely
forgot to vlog we all just smush lunch
so I need coming in for a drink
the last thing I filmed today was up
having lunch
since then I've literally been working
in the office and then upload ins always
been editing uploading Chloe's now
currently cooking dinner whilst watching
her own videos
I'm watching my ultimate I used to flood
to yourself yeah on your more zoella you
subscribe to develop your not on points
on this channel here quite as blog blogs
the only channel don't subscribe to it
what what for games you play the song
and then on my main channel quest I mean
it's not my main channel on my points
blog channel I am I'm subscribed to tons
of people yeah as always watching my own
videos and cooking dinner it is your tip
okay you're watching you're watching
back memories of Christmas
there we go from that wait for that and
buzzy boys watching had cooking and I've
been watching some YouTube videos for
the last like 45 minutes on my laptop I
have however got to tidy all of my
clothes we've got some people coming and
working working in the room tomorrow and
changing the rails that our clothes are
hung on however half of my wardrobe I
still haven't actually sorted out and
hung up the clothes and folded them as
stuff they just on the floor in a pile
so that's my priority tonight is to get
all my lives done and I said he dinner
sort out all my clothes anything else or
go through the presents and something
you guys gave me from my book signings
that'd be good to do I've just been
absolutely sweating out for the last
hour and half sorting out all of my
clothes
finally for everything away that is
meant to go away everything is folded
everything is hung everything is looking
incredible
I didn't tell max I mean it's boring as
heck I just wanted to crack all over and
get it done though it's just wipes and
her teeth this is not sponsored I know a
ton of you will do teeth whitening
sponsors for my the own us Essex and
stuff like that
this is not a tea planning sponsor I
don't know what this fine white brand
actually is or anything but if it's good
though this is why I'm the teeth with it
marker that it's good not a mine and try
so about shopping the shell now in the
second I'm going to with cold shower box
I'm sweating out and whilst in the
shower these are all greasy things in my
mouth as if it was my teeth my teeth we
currently like this
I'm going to end there okay if you've
enjoyed it give it a big thumbs up
tomorrow morning you'll seem like curly
white teeth hopefully hopefully not too
actually white imagine if they were like
proper white nuttin you bad also I just
want to set a big shout-out to all of
your new subscribers because yesterday I
challenged you to see how many new
subscribers we could get on this channel
since we are so close to 4 million
we literally like less than five
thousand away since tonight's blog has
gone up I think we already gained two
and a half thousand new subscribers
which is insane if you're not already
subscribed go down below hit the
subscribe button comment down below when
you've done it up shot some of you are
in tomorrow's vlog that's what I really
enjoyed the tenth hope you excited let
me know if there's anything any fun
ideas that you guys have that we can do
with the 10th and I do want to stay over
in it I want to have dinner in there but
I also want to like sleep over out on a
duel I can camp in night you know
probably in June anyway I'm going in the
road catching the morning
okay
