good morning guys good morning hey dude
hope you having a lovely day it is
Tuesday for you Monday morning for me
getting up bright and early we got nyla
here with me and buzzy boys down there
on the floor watching TV did I catch you
watching the TV anyway so hope you're
having a lovely day I've currently got
myself an iced coffee and a little bowl
of cereal for breakfast whilst watching
some kids cartoons there's something
about watching kids cartoons in the
morning it's just do you ever watch kids
cartoons yeah are you actually know
nothing laughs like a while oh I get it
well you get it yeah how'd you get it I
love it no I don't even I didn't even
watch this program when I was younger I
don't even know what it is this is far
oh I just love watching kids cartoons
row seating Brett breakfast because I
think that's what I did before school
yeah so it's just like chilled what if
you're thinking that my hair looks
incredibly long it isn't going to be all
I'm getting cut tonight getting all job
it's half past 9:00 we're just going to
count off with Israeli walk into the
pavilion Gardens because today for us
yesterday for you Zoey's new product I
think today these guys Oh today for you
that's even better
are they out in shop today actually as
you're watching this there is new
products that out in shops and the news
in the UK oh really so that synchronize
lon yeah the new products are called
jelly and gelato and we're heading down
now for like a surprise pop-up free ice
cream launch party for being a party it
is a party of your viewers but they just
don't know it yet because we're going to
go and tweet and Instagram and snapchat
and stuff telling everyone to go down
and check it out nobody is aware what is
happening
the probably in each one down there now
and I'm super excited this is going to
be sick
we're trying to find that where it is is
somewhere in the gardens kind of wish
and I didn't wear jeans it's blooming
hot today's meant to be 27 later on oh
my god it's so cool very safe yo that is
Savage wow that looks so sick so he's
having the guys ice cream insane yeah
you know oh yeah nice today like cream
vendor have you got your money on you
Sean to pay for it you don't want to say
all right you get flaking yours popping
I need to rock this because you're going
to very get you're gonna know you can
you're going to break it like you break
the slip and slide is very true and it's
comfy there we go alright let me show
you a list of all the actual products so
these are the new products that coming
out what one two three four five six
seven eight different products coming
out and also you know early on we're
talking about the launch so it launches
in the UK tomorrow the day you're
watching this and then the rest of the
world from Wednesday
oh here we go here's the actual products
I didn't realize that all here awesome
this one here is probably my favorite
just because the shape of it so simply
to that so I don't know if your seven
ice cream or not yet cuz you ever got
the ice cream noise on I would only know
if you're actually seven if you've got
the noise now I know you're seven ice
cream okay the whole hog oh thank you
ma'am
thank you I know cause it's so early in
the morning okay I'll have a little I'll
have some marshmallows okay I have some
wrinkled too that don't go over the top
I know what you're you're getting fired
I'm never coming back to ice cream truck
again perfect thank you I feel like we
need to like right now like a couple of
us set up an Instagram or snapchat and
just start serving people currently
trying to get the world's best boomerang
is let's take about ten cakes for so
many of us do we get it yeah
lemon ACK this is very quickly turned
into an Instagram shoot getting all
those pictures mugs is giving away the
first ice cream oh my goodness no just
got our snapchats not instagrams life so
people people are running out of winner
like they feel like we're running a
smooth business here yeah yeah yeah Oh
what vanilla got a vanilla coming out
one lately varies working on it for you
there you go nothing Monday dream I do
she yes
business is booming right you guys
having a good day
yeah you enjoying your ice cream yeah I
haven't got one yet god I'm on my bad
they watch the videos yes awesome
perfect I'm a big fan
my mom calls you my second family ah
thank you
I love that Anil is coming on your blog
yeah an hour late you are still in
action accuse kicking off I could do
this all day nah man a lion an iterator
okay I hope you're them yeah I thought
this was of you turns out the Q goes all
the way down there so you finally can
see this has to be one of the weirdest
days I love like no I love it so much
it's just imagine oh I met Li sorry I'll
be sure for P Mark the other day in an
ice-cream bag I made ice cream you
haven't even had one yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah why not on three plates
probably how wind coming off only
and Mark serve in the last one before we
have to head off but the ice cream does
carry on being said there is actual
people here that are here to serve the
ice cream and stuff
I think the van stay in here until runs
out of ice cream we're back home now
we've got couples counseling you know
how we've had the mark space you
pretending to be that girl Olivia
whenever from no no you know we've had
no accidents in the house though shall
we don't some we're not we who yeah
one of the dogs Oh mark mark last night
when he was a Dover don't do jumbo it
was Nana we're in the living room on the
lucky rug that was the one thing we
didn't want them to do but I think it is
one of her barks food because it was
only filled Murphy it was it was very
dry and smaller than anything awesome
very nice there's a muscle just kidding
I'm going on again incredibly not
excited it's like a when Jesus
him really hard sometimes she like has a
little Maltese a perk him up when often
and my dog that's horrible I don't know
if it Teddy Nala come here
don't treat her she did a show on our
corner icon much coughing and who in
you've done it before
of me Nala come here she looks so happy
Nicola she's at what you want to ask me
did you do a poo on the floor thank you
thank you support another holder killing
embrace oh yeah but you also said again
oh my gosh this looks like a kid's dream
thank you so much and you've got a
cousin in it all of a bit thank you this
looks amazing buzzes very jealous water
edging the new vlog one thing that I
wanted to do today this morning in
particular because I like to do it every
morning but unfortunately unfortunately
this morning I didn't I didn't get the
opportunity to do it it's quite
important for me quite important for me
as a person quite important for my my
energy levels it's um it's just a big
part of me I haven't done my morning
backflip
I'm joking guys I'm joking I just wanted
to what I wanted to build up the
suspense to see if you thought there was
something serious what how did I not do
my morning backflip this morning today
we had to do an evening backflip it has
been like three hours since you saw that
last blood clip when I was in lunch
quick catch up of what I did in that
time I work with my PA in the office I
uploaded the vlog I spoke to my
therapist all on skype for like an hour
and then I went back to the office of
working and planning new stuff with my
PA something we've come up with an idea
something that I've wanted to do for an
incredibly long time like a real real
long time I'm kind of I'm treating it
like it's a small project but it's
actually to get it to work properly in
the how I visit it in my head to work
it's a blooming a lot of work like it's
going to be crazy
but I think we can do it then we can
pull it off it should happen hopefully
like a month or two well I mean
hopefully in like I think it's like just
over four weeks I'll 100% be able to
tell you more closer to the time I just
don't want to tell you and then it not
actually happen but at the moment it's
looking looking blooming good one day I
want to try and move this trampoline
closer over there and jump off of the
roof into the trampoline maybe we'll do
that in lights more as vlog or something
like that we'll pull the ramp lean right
up close and we'll see if I can like
front flip or backflip off of off of
that roof onto the trampoline this is
literally what I used to do as a kid
just lie on the trampoline and just look
up at the sky and just enjoy it
just chill just relax before I film
myself do you mind telling everyone what
you found earlier on in the garden
on the trampoline you ously the last
clip in my blog and phil rocks after my
Tahoe monastic order motion wherein I
run upstairs looking for you unlike over
tomorrow my very good bring your mobile
may require might have in a minute so at
least go and check where ian is in the
office I walk around and you're
literally like face down I'm a family
and I've told you hear me coming
really I thought you had you're walking
on the steps of pretended to be asleep
yeah I was I happy doing a haircut or
not yeah and then when I was like
filtering you weren't moving out like is
he okay is he falling over on the
trampoline no charlie my last clip on
the blog would be like this is so
relaxing is what he's doing as a kid
just look up at the sky in jail and then
little do I know that I fall asleep for
like an hour
I fell asleep for an hour on the
trampoline guys and the next thing I
know there's always walking around this
is a healthy fill your hair dressers it
to cut your hair so I've just had a
little haircut for my hairdresser but I
was literally asleep like anyways now
I'm just cooking up dinner we've got
some chicken in the oven some vegetable
spring rolls rolls rolls rolls rolls in
the oven and just do a veggie kabob or
some asparagus some broccoli and some
carrots so I've had the birthday day on
Penny ho now to the god alloh so what
they say he ended his blog clip oh my
god you perfectly
look at the doggies as we take you guys
up to bed she would sleep good good one
both I've literally forgot to end the
vlog over the last couple of days I keep
on forgetting and just going to bed so
if you've enjoyed today's vlog give it a
big ol thumbs up if you're excited as
ohi's products go check them out they
are available right now as you are
watching anything else I'm going to say
quite an exciting day planned tomorrow
morning with Sean super super excited
actually one thing I do want to say just
quickly is sixty-five percent of the
people that watch these videos are not
subscribed so I want to see how many
subscribers we can get today the day
that this blog goes up we're currently
like seven thousand subscribers away
from 4 million I want to see how close
we can get to that 4 million target 65%
of you like this book gets a million
views 650 thousand of those people and
not subscribed go down below hit the
subscribe button turn my notifications
on and yeah you'll know when I upload
video I'm going to close to the windows
take these dogs out for a way and head
up to bed I catch in the morning
