good morning guys good morning how you
doing today is going to be a sick day
today is my third book event second book
sign-in I don't think I've ever been
dormant before I don't think I've ever
been awake at 7 a.m. on a Sunday that's
why I probably happened that it's
brilliant 7 a.m. on Sunday I'm like I'm
running 10 minutes late
just download coffee as quick as I can I
bought a banana breakfast but I've also
made my driver and iced coffee
fuzzy boy what are you doing down there
go back to bed I've got my driver and
iced coffee whose weight announcer with
to take you to the signing today I think
I've got everything I feel like I've
forgotten something so like it's too
early for my brain to be thinking right
how's it going there good made you a
nice coffee Oh kind of you very much
well of course so I said we both have
coffee in the morning
so I've just arrived into the green room
a little like backstage room at today's
book signing I've got my super hammer
cheese toastie a bottle of water and the
queue outside I can only show you a
little bit of it because it wraps all
the way around the building like way up
the road I'm going to stick my camera
right now that's just a little bit of it
the rest of it is massive
limit a concert site it is so early
thank you guys so much for coming so
early and supporting me
goodbye a good sign is all finished up
just jumped in the car and we met a
couple of girls earlier on today at the
signing who said that their friend
couldn't make it because she's not very
well at the moment and they said that
and they said that she was either in
hospital she's got a very very very kind
of cancer or she might be at home so I
asked security to get her address and
her number and stuff of that and we're
we're paying a surprise visit to our
house now we've just driven here her
name is Daisy I don't know if I'm going
to have to film or not obviously well
we'll just see what happens
more than you guys barking at lolol oh
hey hey this is not my hair looks like
after around the Hat all day all flat
all flattened Leslie - your food there
as I am beyond hungry it's currently
like 4 o'clock quarter to 4:00 and all
that idle day is that tiny panini like
this big now this is the difficult thing
when stuff like book tour slices that I
do not have a charm
to edit like in the cars where you
barking at I tried to edit in the car
but it just wasn't working
the too much glare on the screen not
enough collateral charge I've only got
Forbes and a charge left on my laptop so
so I've now made up some mac and cheese
an iced coffee and I'm sitting down to
edit the vlog and there is an hour and
five minutes until it has to be up it
should be all good because I'm new
internet speediest heck the next is like
15 minutes now and I didn't even realize
that I've got the history on the floor
next to my feet what you guys do in what
are you doing down there why don't you
go down the sofa or something actually
comfortable not just on the kitchen
floor what you doing eyes are closed I
have no idea what those said she's just
shouted ugly shut your eyes and my
immediate reaction is can I forget I'm
like genuinely scared up needs oversmart
why you touching my back then you found
them
where are they you want a faster walk
dog in the spare room
I haven't been F on DVDs of mine I mean
that you can count on a couple of men
lives they look since removed yeah for
the last one under six weeks since we
packed - like - it's full mood I mean
our final ease I'm so happy
yeah I'm a vlog is exporting at moment
just finished as it is for 33 which is
mad for that's borne out now that it can
be disclosed in the day and I can still
get the road up on time I'm going to
jump in the shower and try and cool down
on the literature I've had to take off
my trowel sort of lemon hi this house it
feels like we've got our heating on like
I'm actually sweating out but we don't I
don't know what it is don't want to each
memory is just a smidgen yeah all the
windows are open marked boys hair drop
mum I'll give you 200 can whisking Ringo
what's the skin Ringo my blister
blasters but but have you done that no
that's a good thing with it don't worry
I don't have any blisters I put them on
so that I don't get blisters so I
haven't actually got any blisters left
no I just put it on nothing just a ramen
oh my foots get I'm clean I just got the
shower
Marty boy Ferris is over as well we're
about to watch the final the final
episode boats are kicking off because
they're excited as well
voice kids it's the finally I'm gonna be
not been watching that
oh my god
mark do you understand to join a double
duty to mark things please get a G&T
I've actually made incredibly salty we
are going to start doing potatoes in
here guys I'm going to start doing the
potatoes in here monkey stock come and
try to s Commission oh we ran over Hill
young people love was it did for one
it's got so much salt in it let you just
salty water oh I'm going to make you
that - gingy excuse me a gun that is no
good for anything all right
now let me make you a let me actually
make you a good one this will be a
serious one if I read you know watch me
if you want
there's yatra G&G is actually you can
talk to this visit try it is so smooth
this one good isn't that nice thank you
well I need to begin to these potatoes
then they don't look too good
it says that molding
they let MALDI weber mashing sausages
pretty much night and Zoey normally does
hey Percy you okay mate he's not for the
heart asleep but these potatoes don't
look I mean it in but look at them yeah
look at there's a proper mashed one in
there look at that one of them is proper
look at yeah in there savoury squidgy
we've got this put on the board the
other day this is a piece of art that I
bought Zoe for Christmas I would happy
for Christmas didn't I I'm even wait
until we moved to put up on the wall and
then got some art put on the wall up
here
well we already had this piece this was
like the cozy room in our old house and
then mum and dad I'm popping Sean all
bought this for Zoey for Christmas so
we've got that on the wall there as well
now houses gradually coming together
it's gradually getting there look all
the presents now after today's event and
I need to go through some one of you
that is insane oh my gosh there's that
is creepy as heck there's so much cool
stuff thank you so much this is all the
way from New Zealand
this one inside that box they don't have
any potatoes in there so we've got
mashed potato asparagus carrots spinach
beans lima beans and drop the llama
floss thank you
of course canoe watching The Voice kids
it turns out that in fact I'm just out
here cooking the dinner cooking
asparagus green beans sweet corn Hera
sausages mash dinner's ready guys set
the outside and we can sit on the table
oh and the results of the results of The
Voice kids is literally paused on the TV
we're gonna have to wait until we finish
eating
thank you got a ton of edge though he's
not feeling too well
so we've got lots of veggies to make you
better
slaving away sleigh bells ring I like
your necklace if you've got a dog's
necklace on your cradle in a weird
crystal energy yeah enjoy it's gonna
make me not a look at sky yeah it's time
to find out who the winner and I'm going
to try not to leak it in the vlog in
case you guys haven't watched our who
the winner of The Voice kids is oh my
god I wonder who's in our bed more you
guys do in you're not allowed to sleep
in our beds what are you doin mate
you're not sleeping in our bed like last
night and then if I told you but last
night both the dogs slept in our bed
because they were so excited they
wouldn't sleep in their bed we stupidly
let them sleep in ours and this morning
this morning they woke us up at 5 a.m.
didn't you did you wake us up at 5 a.m.
jumping on and off the bed getting all
excited yes you did like I told you in
yesterday's vlog buzz has eyedrops you
have to wear these special little gloves
so that you don't get them on your hands
I'm going to cut the calyx Anees
concentrate done literally in 10 seconds
later and I'm all done
it's so bloomin good and so used to it
that the once you do one eye he
literally turns his head and lets you do
the other
thank you do you guys like want a treat
now one TA and one TA
