I don't you've been serious or not yeah
guys good morning
I've woken up this morning - Zoe
Christmas shopping I'm now playing a
tutorial on how to put together your
Christmas tree website we don't have a
Christmas tree from that website those
but we are going to have fun because
right now they're half practices no
really expensive but anyway a lot of us
literally you beautiful isn't it
but beautiful Internet do you realize is
July July July Christmas tree shopping
what's the point you know why it's all
fun to pay full price and we could buy
it now put it in a shed we don't have a
shed you're going to put it up when
we get it you're going to get it next
week we're going to put it up next year
that's not happening you ready guys
listen down to all those Christmas trees
nine-foot that's one and a half times me
no no what do you think of this what do
you think of the Christmas tree
situation if you're bothered if you
think it's a good idea to get one earthy
stand up and jump around not cool safely
can you feeling rigid a Christmas tree I
just started uploading the new vlog
$0.12 13% 14% 15% sixth this is insane
oh my gosh on Russians so mad to get the
video done I was mentally to 13 minutes
ago oh my gosh I'm currently running 25
minutes late for my event in London
because I can't find my bloomin door
keys or my bag I feel like that together
wherever my bag is my door keys are
probably inside putting on some new
shoes only the best for mommy UPS
writing off the label brand new fresh
white shoes
see you later Missy catch in a bit
plays oh and do you write yeah good
thank you
I've been in the car for about an hour
now on the way to the venue scale yeah
I gave it a cigar that hour and a half
maybe two hours yeah let's get you two
hours looking at my phone I'm just going
through a tweets now from people that
are on the way or have already arrived
two people to get into so I'm literally
getting non-stop pictures on my Twitter
at the moment of the new book super
excited to see over a thousand of you
today and so many of you tweet me
pictures of you where my match on the
way to come and meet me if you sneak
here on the back of the queue just came
in going straight onto the stage
Charlotte's my dressing the match I love
that yeah this is amazing oh my gosh
guys check this out I'm sick
I will get you yeah yeah well
comfortable walk you there just survived
in the green room I'm here forever as
well you really okay um I was so happy
he chose this venue because when we were
picking like to do where to do this
event I stupidly said I just want it in
the best-looking venture so I'm super
happy looks amazing
apparently royalty Princess Beatrice is
coming I don't she's watching what we're
doing or she's just going backstage Mia
it should watch it as well is she gonna
fit in the Royal the Royal I think
they're the robot I think you oh my god
you've actually got oil tea in the Royal
Box today opinion Princess Beatrice so
the Queen the queen of England's
granddaughter is that though I don't
need to look at that
no she's not bad apparently super fan of
the board anyway we've got lemon
princess coming today when the jig
princess come in here any minute I said
ten minutes now so 20 minutes ago I've
got I have a cool brand new shoes on
when one routine is done PA earlier said
it should be seriously like women we
have do you need to like mouthing hi I'm
adore that
no it's lecture I don't know because I
remember when I was like a
palace there was like nobody tells you
what you haven't if I do there's things
like you're like expect like if the
Queen's in the room you know that speak
yeah when the Queen it enters the room
the whole Damascus or doesn't ask this
or mean there's no like rules the whole
room does have silent our respect as
soon as she speaks everyone's allowed to
speak so it's silent she covers never
holding that one bag put it down and
then she'll like check someone next time
and then everything speak again I don't
know I don't also can happen we'll see
we'll see yeah I think so we're so
injurious to bowel would be literate we
don't know new weakness are okay so I'm
just editing this vlog now and I didn't
properly introduce Princess Beatrice on
camera as in like to you guys whereas
obviously I was chatting to her
off-camera beforehand and introduce
myself and it turns actually have seen a
ton of my videos and she's watched them
and she's with her friend Jerry here but
I didn't film Jerry because he didn't
wanna be on camera which is certainly
cool but I just wanted to explain before
he watch the next clip and if not what
is going on so Princess Beatrice and
Jerry are working together to create
like a movement I'm going to leave it
and Princess Beatrice to explain to you
that herself and Jerry who is off-camera
are basically making a movement a change
in the way in which people like me and
you and everybody who uses the internet
online and offline their aim is to
educate people and how to be cool and be
nice and just live better I just wanted
to explain that sitting next to me
literally next to me in the chair you're
about to see is Princess Beatrice like
Princess bit enjoy and then
and as a second dip it in okay
us to make bread so Jerry not only is he
is just incredibly cool tonight
the key was talking the other day to
understand is definitely setting your
name this come back from school to
choose something from toast from being
very badly and so Jerry immediate
reaction is to quite unwell involved in
school level is what is probably as we
refine within another if you need to be
protected with legardie those you know
are to this journey what is it this time
something really neat you know and this
is not just about were they not to like
this is also about people understanding
the world
what's abilities what Institute he was
transferred to a cell phone might make a
likely to be expressive and uses
incredible medium but also doing
awareness make that reference you in a
safety German but also essential
reliable the 50 American I'm amazing
about me is funding safe but also making
giving people the tools from what it's
like to be
but year called - blog that watch your
your your you are cooler nice with your
stuff then the whole thing is that so
basically my niece is being bullied at
school she had and her mom asked me to
speak to her because I'm on a diet
she thinks you're cool she doesn't think
we're cool can you see her anyway so
then so then we we are to detect it was
kind of scandalizing to me that kids are
like doing that and then someone's
actually get physically ill do you and I
mean yeah see that's what magical so
they don't they have to drill domestic
in fact that it's happiness what what is
going on yeah
and I won't ever see if everything on TV
no personal life that they're talking
about they're not thinking about being
on keyboard you know how to navigate
have been itself in Instagram home where
you have you to watch people away from
there you move you're not even there for
reference and together we could make it
that day
there are rebuttals to them and leave
this country like this
ever had that great day and I couldn't
escape identity that's it open hands
like us is reason why I was ultimate is
because I was my entire life in public
public arena and in my private religious
messages went to try to keep the time to
keep the message of what is to be my
college especially in schools nowadays
which I just want to have very many
opportunities and so it comes to behold
they behold the nice message is about
how to do some basic lessons and I try
to be a really good person interaction
to interact with the internet
interestingness one of the like little
to do it your way there later
yeah but ok we searched the apartment
can you I wanted you with you guys I'll
be together because you also refused
much pretty people watch me again worked
out I was awesome bitches lovely system
so nice okay another relax and then
working I don't know how much I could
put into the video guys hope you heard
you've got just at all of what of what
they're working on the movement it's
amazing so hopefully I gave her my email
my number we can get involved with that
I'm not going to film actually walking
on the stage but hopefully I'm going to
have to film some bits of this but of
course I do want to on be present on
stage putting all my attention to the
audience
oh my gosh guys I'd forgot I've got a
video edit displaying of Paul I don't
want one all announcement yeah it has
been five minute video yeah a lot of
people at the YouTube community and it's
got me thinking how cool it'd be to make
videos will in fact videos of me they up
at the moment I haven't blogged yet
who's been on stage for everyone is here
there's a surprise for 100 of you here
ok I love you do right if if you open
the book on the very last page I'm
pretty sure it's very like page a
hundred of you in the bottom corner I've
got a golden sticker sake if you've got
a golden sticker then we finish one
meeting greeting everything so this is
what it's like under the Royal Box said
now I'll stand up seeming it's so sick
so called as bloody amazin thank you
guys so much I was unbelievably front
about writing our job in the office and
I'm home there that was so fun that was
like I don't know I don't know what it
was like it wasn't like anything ever it
felt like I was just hanging out with a
couple of you but they just happened to
be like the venue is so immersive the
stage was bright forward the backdrop so
that it was tiny as you saw the venue
was like the most beautiful thing ever
it felt like we were all just hanging
out in a room if didn't feel big it
didn't feel like there was a thousand of
you all over a thousand of you there it
felt so inclusive so immersive so small
and just like like we were just chatting
like we were friends like when I we did
a Q&A at the end where I threw out
questions to you guys in the audience
and some of you didn't even need
microphones you were just like shouting
or speaking and it was loud enough thank
you so much thank you for being so
lovely taking time out of your day to
come down and hang out with me and get
copy of the new book and that was sick
though II spent the last how long hour
or so half an hour
making me in had dinner which is lovely
after my long day
we have got it does look good Zoe is
upset because it doesn't look very nice
we've got enchiladas refried beans rice
but I mean you can't make this kind of
food look aesthetically pleasing no one
can make refried beans look good I'm
also watching the semi-final of The
Voice kids which is literally our
favorite thing at the moment other than
love Island them two shows are up there
they're together we love them this the
semi-finals
so sad I'm watching this also I haven't
told you guys so we've got buzzy boy
here mom and dad have gone on holiday so
we've got buzzy boy first going to say
hello to everyone
yeah and you you haven't been in the
blog today yeah so he said that we've
got CH is cken for dinner and now he
thinks that there's some for him look at
him just watching you buddy boy so later
everyone this is always favor little boy
called Jake who has literally been
tweeting her so thank you put me in your
vlogs he's so cute look at him
this lookup buzz on the floor and now
look there may or may not be about you
one of my favorite ice creams in the
world
Magnum double bloomin caramel you cannot
beat this and the reason why you can't
beat this specific one is because it's a
mini so it doesn't make you feel as bad
eating it you don't feel guilty because
you had a full-sized Magnum orange
interpret him mean guys I think as
always lost the plot or you do any
should we get a bed mister should we
take you up to bed why you sleep on the
floor when you could be literally on the
entire sofa you choose to sleep on the
floor I don't talk about my chest too
much in my oh you can't see me if you've
been watching for a while you know that
I suffered really badly with acid reflux
which especially that acid comes up your
esophagus Mike burns your throat it just
feels really very nice just burning your
throat I'm joking this sucks
so that sometimes it just triggers off
and goes on a crazy one and that's
exactly what it's done to see you think
I don't know why it could be because I
had simply because I have the Magnum but
but I don't think it would be because I
do occasionally chocolate and then it
doesn't return very much they could be
it could be anything
some bad ass and gaviscon to hopefully
calm it down because it first a bloody
lot like honest him is so much pain
right now I was just taking buzz out for
a week and I had to get Zoey to come and
watch her lost his way in and shut the
door and turn off the lights and
everything because I'm literally I was
in such agony that fella couldn't
breathe like he was insane come on
doggies you need to get into bed
like this at my bedside people trying to
find cities okay come on you need to get
into bed look yeah that's all bad that's
not the doggies bed how excited he is to
do it over you know you're not Nala
she's getting new clothes bed and he's
getting a draw bed oh it's me Oh
now let's jumped out right you good do
you I hope she do your eyes buddy boy
you need your eye drops give boy six Oh
buddy boy has little eye drops every
night because his eyes are very good at
healing
so if buzz was to ever hurt his eye not
that he does often but if he was it's
not he's not very good at healing or his
strike is it his white blood cells I'm
very good at healing themselves and so
every night years like a little drop in
each eye which is made up of his own and
white blood cells which is quite I don't
know and you can see me and my boxers in
the mirror that's the good thing with
mirrors when you're vlogging
Serena's football sees eyedrops in every
time buzz has his eye drops he gets a
treat afterwards Nala loves it because
she thinks that she also gets one even
though you don't have eye drops but he's
so good at having his drops down on you
may you're so good I think we could have
two dogs you know they're so good
together I really do think we could but
they wouldn't be as good as these two
and then also when we have buzz over
we'd have three so that's like no you
guys boy y'all kiss for me why are you
being so cute
