where you going now today is the day to
find out what's really going on at the
bottom of the go-by down they go what
could you possibly be doing six months
yeah
rotting away it's a breakthrough moment
man it's it's a new era a new year a new
era God more than just attend is it is
good morning guys good morning how you
doing today is a big day if you've been
watching my vlog for a while and you saw
us do the van project today is the day
that van project b2 begins this is your
the next three days are gonna be crazy
I'm excited so last year yeah sat down
we planned a project that was called the
one power band project which was
basically in theory you could win a van
that we built from scratch for one pound
we auctioned it on eBay and the price
just kept rolling up and up and it went
so well it was like an incredible
five-day project I couldn't come back we
got the actual I don't know how we
number one even managed to buy a band
yeah number two minutes did I do off the
band like actually look good we haven't
got any pillows for it yet but oh my
gosh
it's looking sick that looks proper like
air B&B able oh my gosh and we didn't
even argue or anything but the only
argument we did have was there there was
a little bit of debate about who was
actually doing the work like Alfie was
just kind of screwing any like nice wood
in that van that was me that was me and
then just just remember the pad was at
90% wood that's all I'm saying
that's all I say it Shawn are you gonna
speak up for yourself man it sure has
been incredibly quiet he did the lease
yes he does it living shocked it up bro
I think we can all agree that Shawn did
the Lynch did the least work well there
we go
last year's project went super well we
raised like over four thousand pounds or
something for charity game recently
moved but like ways that couple remember
them yeah and they've gone on like their
newlywed know they were getting married
that yeah they've gone on like all
around the so we raised money we had a
great time building it and they had a
great time in it so yeah now things
recently moved house yes no longer in a
sherbert up although still has the
shivers Arts in the woods but now in
Brenda's cottage Brenda's cottage is a
very very new change what ways Brenda's
cottage for anyone who doesn't know yeah
so have perhaps still in the woods in
fact much deeper in the woods now much
deeper are there's like an old
woodsman's cottage basically the Brenda
lived in for a whole life until she
recently had to move to and you didn't
know Brenda before no she's just
somebody who worked and lived on the
estate as yeah and I did go mio I had a
cup of tea with her and had a coffee
with her and talked it through and she
told me about her kids growing up there
and everything like that she knew she
was gonna have to move on she moved on
so I've moved there and I'm bringing the
huts over there as well and it's gonna
be a space where I'll be a bit in the
hearts a bit in the house
using the pub and coffee shops quite a
lot yeah so now I'm just gonna have that
base and the woodland spaces in the
house all in one so yeah we can mix and
match it and all that kind of stuff but
the house is pretty old school as you
can imagine I went there the other day
and it's sick it's got so much potential
but it just isn't hardly there now
exactly and it's got the soul so you can
really see that a whole family has lived
their whole life it's got piano in there
and every day exactly that's one of my
special bits and so we want to retain
that soul and that love and that family
vibe but then also make sure it's fit
for the future we want it to be
efficient solar and we want it to be you
know using the natural resources like
biomass from the trees and then also
inside we need to make sure that
actually it's livable and ready for a
fresh wave of new energy and new people
enjoying it and living in the space and
this is all my building skills I love
the man come in to play checkers we have
the idea the other day when I was there
why don't we get a room at each one for
sure one for day one for me mmm see who
can do up the room the best when they're
broke because last time as us and we all
shed that we shed the ban so these two
many did anything down to me and then it
looks great at the end this time we're
actually gonna see that the rooms that
these guys do up there next three days
aren't going to be any good mine's going
to be savage so we can finally settle it
and you know that I am the only one that
we will be exposed for that and leaving
oh my god we think we know what's gonna
happen here we're sure probably not but
last time very very similar yes so we're
basically over the next three days today
all of today all of tomorrow and all of
Wednesday all three of us have got
nothing in our Diaries and as we talk
about the charity there yeah that's a
big pot there's a big question of it cuz
obviously last year we actually had the
band to give away but this year we're
put in our thinking and our efforts into
making the rooms fresh of Kanaly give
those away yeah but I guess the whole
theme here and you've been talking a lot
about
your gloves as well is about is about
the generations about old people about
loneliness
and I think you know family life is done
well when we spend time with each other
that's what I hear when I'm over there
in the cottage it's about spending time
together so we have searched up what
would be the best charity I spoke to a
friend you spoke to a friend and you
want to tell them what we decided is it
yeah basically set up a fundraising page
link is down below right now and you can
go down there and you can donate and
it's for Age UK which is a charity that
I recently mentioned about that
befriending service that evening that I
mentioned it in my vlog 7,000 people
signed up in the UK savage amazing we
know it's close you will get hearts and
stuff so yeah we're excited but that's
not the only way you can participate you
know you know there's lots of ways that
you can close this loneliness gap with
old people
yeah it's not just donating and signing
up to this yeah that's just one thing
that we can do this tangible and we can
see it clearly but also if you've got
old people in your life that you haven't
spoke to in a while
then stop the blog pause the blog now
and give them a call and just say how
you do it and I'm what you've been up to
I am hey man how you doing this is that
granddad is that okay or is the blog
closed for that drop go make them a cup
of tea and then come back and open your
heart and also you probably sticking the
befriending link down there as well and
we've made it even easier if you want to
donate so basically we've set up the
page number like the fundraising we set
the text donation to make it even easier
for you guys to donate you want to get
involved and we just put the targets two
and a half thousand pounds do not buy
that packet of crisps or that chocolate
bar you wanna buy or that fizzy drink
instead of boiling that coke later on
today for one pound literally just text
with one pound yeah on the text woman
put the details on the screen now
awesome obviously make sure you over 18
because whoever's paying the bill which
is real money they're gonna be paying it
yeah I know we can smash you guys so I
just wanna see how much we can get
exactly and if you guys get involved in
any way
if you use the hashtag Brenda's cos
renders cottage then um you will be the
first person to
use the hashtag yeah so if you use that
hashtag and say that you're going to get
involved in this learning a story in one
way or another then you'll be like part
of the crew of this project and we're
gonna figure out over the next three
days yeah bits and bobs that we can make
or find or put together bits from the
project as we're going along which is
lost time we get with the whole van this
I'm gonna auctioning if Jack's just
anyone who's involved whether you've
donated whether you've tweeted whether
you've rung up your now that you've let
me know in the comments that you rang
her and said the height word that you
checked in so that she is okay however
you involved in this whether your
comment in like in the videos whatever
it is we're getting we're going to try
and sort out some cool it or like exact
things to get back to you guys and then
at the end of the project we're gonna
get an independent adjudicator yeah to
decide whether alfie me or indeed Sean
have done the best job and it's gonna be
like a mixture of the change from before
and our Thea how much soul they've kept
yeah and how much they've spent so
instead of having a specific budget yeah
yeah there's no specific budget it's
just who can do the best with it like
not looking to spend crazy money which
is looking to maximize value for the
amount that you spend yeah like the key
would be getting like things that are
recycled reused I that's the whole vibe
at this place that's what we're going
for
exactly so we've got a couple of places
that we've got planned that we want to
go and visit today we still haven't
decided who's what which room and then
we're gonna be doing up yet and I've got
a friend of mine that I've rung up a
couple of days ago to see if he could
come and help me out it's not gonna help
they about happens to be a really savage
plumber oh yeah just by John by gods
like a friend man yeah how much you pay
them probably as skilled as I am which
is not very much but I might have to
make a bit of his time when you're not
looking yeah let's go so we yeah like
guys it's just us like we're just
messing about having fun which I they're
trying to do something call we're not
taking this too seriously
yeah just like man last
we're just gonna learn as we're going
along there has not been any planning
like last night and I was going to sleep
I'm so tempted to strike start talking
for glance and as I don't even want to
do that because I just want to do it as
we're doing it I've seen Shawn do a
couple of cheeky little Google searches
of things not it we better go down and
get the whiteboard and actually make a
proper plan yeah we need to make a
proper plan downstairs and get going
yeah Sam this is real we're putting the
dirt in the dates not diary like a month
ago to do this and just I haven't
thought about it now we're here but it
be I've never ever just to throw it out
there even put shelf up
I've never even hung anything on the
woodwork really yeah I think we know
who's gonna win that is a street chef I
put a shelf up in my heart with just
going straight into wood yeah I'm saying
it could be a point behind the wall yeah
yeah well you get electrocuted then you
know there was something there yeah how
you find out that's not our guy you know
where the fuse box is
yeah yeah turn everything on yes yeah
yeah okay I know that is not downstairs
in the basement but we just need that
office we're gonna be like no
electrocutions today I don't wanna know
may the best man win
Shawn Alfie do you mean without seat
yeah you good with that seat yeah yeah
can you see the screen Shawn can you see
the screen yeah good
right we're just setting up the donation
page I will leave a link top-line in the
description so that you guys can get
involved what would you try to sell the
back end what do we want from this
planning now bro well you never know
what's gonna come out when you put what
I wasn't speaking to the shore house
sorry yeah what do you want from this
planet bro speak up man
yeah yeah no I think it's the same
keeping that I grew up I grew short it's
very important we need to lock down
who's doing what like you you don't know
the place I don't know the place any
better than you really I've been there
once
yeah and all that but so we've got to
think what two rooms realistically
because you've got bedrooms to my story
sure so we draw the whole map of the
house I don't know I've only been there
I can draw it I can do it yeah but you
can't draw whatever you're about to see
that's not what it's like what's this
what two rooms do you need to be the
best for when guests come over or just
by yourself that would make the place
better and then we go between those two
rooms yeah okay I think kitchen yeah is
important because it's food it's the
half of the whole thing yeah fresh food
and it doesn't need a dining room table
in there because you've got a dining
room here the dining room is pretty
sorted man yeah it's got a nice table
Brenda's old piano yeah it doesn't
really need much more perfect so I think
we cross the dining room off the kitchen
I think realistically shrunk another
basement
okay sure do you think basement yeah you
call with that yeah it what's that one
funny it'll be more fun to work next to
each other yeah it's not gonna be fun
you know you'd be up in the mast not but
also the most rhythm like bedrooms are
only used in the evening yeah whereas I
think the best would be lounging kitchen
yeah okay they are where the most life
happens and the door I'm happy that I
have done similar projects before if I
both him I can always knock you through
into one
this is the main event serves of those
two so the question is who gets which
who's doing lunch is it sweet should we
rock paper scissors I think there's one
quite big decider in it I'm happy to do
either like I am yeah the one decider is
a sir is plumber yeah so the kitchens
gonna be easier for a sir
than it would be for you and Josh that's
true but I don't mind I mean I'm easy
either way like both of these rooms are
like I know I've got I've done I've done
up rooms like that before
you have I did this place up no I did
that kitchen over there just robbing a
sir up every time which is buying it
like a sir and Joshua on hand like do
whatever so it depends on we even like
flip something or you pick like this is
your house but at the end of the day so
you're open to whatever I mean bro that
both I know I've got both in the bag I
think yeah I think we leave the upstairs
lounge and kitchen maybe I'll take
bouncing yeah you happy with that
yeah I think there's a lot of cool stuff
to do in the kitchen I think ASA will be
able to help a lot I think you'll my
guess is you'll end up spending more
well I think it's the best use of the
skills that I'm saying yeah I'm having
to take the kitchen I have no
recollection of what the kitchen looks
like I could have just signed myself
into like the hardest project I don't
know what there's worktops are like or
anything fourth on the worktops could be
replaced I know how to do that like I
haven't seen you in oh don't say that
don't say that I'm going back tonight
Jim shark okay we don't want to get my
makeup on end if you want any words of
wisdom things for me to be purchase are
you doing
the kitchen harder three no sir he's
plumber yeah but to make look nice it's
a large room no cuz I'm gonna paint her
he's doing my living room
I'm sure anything I'm gonna help Dave
touch the handles you quiet so what can
you change Dave did you hear this I said
to Zoey on camera now sorry give me some
tips some nice advice for the kitchen
it's hard
first here just make sure you put nice
tiles in there are tiles there that are
old
ooh I don't how to remove them should i
toil maybe I'm Tyler change in a kitchen
the color of the wall I'm gonna paint
everything I'm gonna paint the door I'm
gonna change the hand doesn't gonna be
changing this thing I'm not changing the
sink yeah I think change the thing yo
I'm gonna change I'm gonna do bedroom
instead yeah paintings fine so that door
handle color on the tiles you need to be
fine don't man I don't know what the
kitchen aside then you need to send me
pic can you look at someone Dave's
YouTube videos from once he's been there
and then text me some things you think I
should buy you know you've got a
challenge on your hands Harry's team -
who does she wanna help I would love to
help you okay I know I just said to
Alfie I would much rather help you
because I think the living room is such
a cool one today oh good oh yeah that
just sounds great
this yeah oh okay okay this sounds great
guys this sounds exactly why one
wesh2 smell with ace ace has come to
help out we've left Shaun in the dark is
he I think he was on a call in the car
yeah I don't yeah I think he was busy
he's just busy chatting away
yeah he's sorting out his his room yeah
because he doesn't need paint and stuff
from here I just come to be in queue now
David B knows if he knows the length of
the kitchen worktop and Dave's like yeah
woman it gets up my vlog of me filming
the kitchen that is not how you measure
let's just get back in the kitchen here
for a second so it's about 1 meter that
way and I'd say for me as 3 meters 3
meters this way order of the big times
that you do think Dave's like what's
that so today we should focus on the
first fix then yes what's the perspex
plumb in its are you doing that in the
living room boy I'm going on Pinterest
looking up nice kitchen designs just
downloading it try and get some
inspiration you know before I pick the
paint colors cuz I was I was gonna go
just plain white in the kitchen for
paint and I'm still tempted I think I
might do that although I'm a little bit
worried about how many layers of white
paint you need to make it like solid and
white because the grate the wall mount
is kinda a little bit green something it
could be bad to just go grey or
something this color up is Leyland pearl
and I've just Google image to see what
the color looks like looks so nice just
like last year when we did the van
project this is what I need our amazing
up here perfect thank you I need a
pendant wire and also and I'm trade it
these the gu10 one yeah perfect
how jealous EE
first total bill seven to two pound 77
what you saying
Dave's heading back ice has got a bloom
in sports car with him so we need to go
switch up for his van because there is
no way that this car is coming down the
lane that Dave lives on bro this is so
clean that this car literally the road
that he lives on is like 10 minutes of
dirt track we're trying to find those
cottage we're trying to ring him but
it's not answering we are literally in
the middle of nowhere which is where
Dave's cottage is we've gone
wrong way the wrong way twice now it has
to be take a left
these guys can't see anything we're
currently going through his little gate
a no they are by the fire is loving it
short here back there you're good
get wise get by the fire that fires
roaring fire down bar it's toasty in
here be careful
is like a sauna this is my spot
this is it the kitchen
oh yeah look we need to replace these
man told you something new ones of these
would just give a nice little tour but
he hasn't seen Sean's room yet yeah
bloody happier obviously this is the
kitchen that I'm gonna be attempting to
do this here just a little bit easier is
when the Dames doing Bo this is
literally look at my kitchen which is
sure sure no get down there as he didn't
know its place is a little bit messy
it's fun I still seems confident with it
though he looks tough doesn't see that
guys stay on Wednesday and you just
probably quietly cinavia the terrible
sound of defeat oh we're switching on to
the beat camera because I want you guys
able to see everything in here that
we're doing aces just started taping up
I want to give you guys a little tour I
mean fun being here like just arriving
now a so what you saying deuces 500 just
squash them under the table no he have
it you killed a spider I realized he was
there it's done now do you think
number one this is achievable and number
two is this more work than what you saw
yes
what do you want nothing what do you
want you just keep it out bet in your
burden it's cold in here oh yeah I know
that vote cuz you've got a new gas
anymore turned it off because you bought
fire in your room give me that fire I
have no idea what these are what is that
you didn't play enough Louis so you just
don't know one of those push it in there
bro this is when you do it
ace ace is just taking this off chuck it
down those stairs down there bro we
started painting this walls got the
first layer that walls got first layer
this little bit up here we've discovered
that this behind here is wood so we've
stopped painter net and we're gonna try
an all expose it nicely tomorrow we're
gonna sand it all down taking this off
the wall it's getting there man
again that's a small screwdriver isn't
it what do you want pie maybe you guys
are on air actually you're smashing it
oh when we were setting up this project
it was all about who does more me Dave
or Shawn and finding out who does the
most by having one room each now when I
win this whatever is gonna be blamed on
because ASA did all the work better than
other than that
Oh what's happened Dave did you forget
to buy a little tray even you stolen it
I have not stolen it oh no charge so I'm
using my arm Philly's Welsh pink train
we're gonna get rid of this carpet so I
don't mind if I get this wrong but
hopefully buh you've got that wrong
already just coming to realization of
how ridiculous I look wearing a bin
liner but stupidly wore a new jumper
today it's my own fault
Oh get in there
get in there on the second layer of
paint although we are experiencing quite
a few issues with the paint like this
because it's so old wallpaper it's all
like bumping outswim my dear take it
take a layer off and then start again
which will be annoying because that's
our first layer going back on itself and
starting again we've just detailed all
of the back there
all of this all of this don't buy me off
or this tune
ace is now getting into the electrics
bang no I don't say that moment of truth
I mean these are meant to be blooming
gray I'm blaming it on the fake lighting
once this daylight don't you worry
let's see gray honestly boys to give it
that beam is looking that's gonna be
good and all of this now we've taken all
of these off okay so they one you've
turned this into a duck egg a an orphan
boy this is your cottage if you don't
like it you've just got done this is
your living space come into the room
broom oh nice you've moved the sofa
around that's a good where the walls
drying it looks really really nice a
nice moldy no yeah nice warm yellow and
then these are all already quite good
energy-saving light sorry the candle wax
ring yeah Frode in yeah but these guys
are cheating though because they've got
a real fire in here it helps the paint
dry quicker yes they've got the one up
on us
I think Chabot at tomorrow yeah that's a
bit right a bit died yeah
feel so get another one that's not a bit
and then oh yeah where's my lump here we
go we're gonna put this light switch
with the USBs which is going to be a bit
of a winner
get down here and your table oh yeah
yeah nice nice it works yeah oh yes I'm
taking all of that up giving it a suite
that is gonna look cool that is gonna
look cool nice rug all right we need to
head well work early oh man see you
tomorrow
see you tomorrow just doing well in
second place there yeah
good luck with all the ghosts catch you
tomorrow man
day one complete the project is like
four times more work so much bigger than
what I possibly thought it would be like
I knew that the kitchen was going to be
a big job don't get me wrong I knew that
but I just did not think about how much
like removing tiles painting tiles
painting around the skirting board and
then painting the rest of the wall and
then doing four or five layers of paint
to be able to get it that's like we
bought gray paint it looks blue because
we need so many layers I thought it was
gonna be like that gray over there but
we need so many layers to make it that
gray this is where my lack of building
and that kind of skills comes into play
of me just thinking yeah paint I just
paint it and it's done literally not at
all it's been good though it's been so
good they to tomorrow if you're excited
guys
please like if there's every time to
give a video a thumbs up and show us
some support and stuff today is that day
and please one more thing get involved
with the charity aspect to bring up
somebody who's old who you know tell
them that you love them tell them that
you appreciate them just checking how
they are see what they're up to see if
they want to go grab a cup of tea with
you or a coffee or chat about their past
or I don't know just check
with them link is down below as we said
let's do everything we can to smash the
target two and a half thousand pounds
maybe we'll double it to five thousand
miles maybe we'll do ten thousand felt
like literally text this number now if
you're over 1800 your parents or
guardians permission whoever pays the
bill with one pound two pounds three
pounds five pounds or ten pounds to
donate I want to see how much we can do
who's oh he's ringing me hello I'm just
flocking downstairs oh sorry I'm just
ending my blog I'll be up in a minute
so is that did you just come in I
thought I heard the door go and then I'm
thinking why is he not coming upstairs
like no I didn't ever blog anyways yeah
links down below to the Chad stuff go
check out Dave channel there's not
really anything to promote of josh and
aces but just massive thank you to those
guys for getting involved in helping out
and stuff they're like without aces
involvement and skills that he has from
work because he's a plumber
you're I would be screwed over the
kitchen let me know down below in the
comments if there's anything in
particular that you think I should do to
get you in whether there's any
particular like cool little pieces of
our mirrors or tiles or little things
that we can put around the kitchen let
me know if there's any particular bowls
or needs because I've got to find that
cutlery bowls and dishes and everything
like that I've got to make this a fully
functioning awesome kitchen the one
debate Asian I just have it now and
they're in the van on the way back was
whether we do a new kitchen worktop and
new sink or not because obviously
there's like a really really old school
fridge so if we put like a really nice
new kitchen surface a new sink then we
might as well do the fridge then we
might as well do the cooker and then it
just gets whitey too far so we're trying
to work out whether to do the kitchen
worktop or not and what we think about
that I don't know what the answer is
going to be we'll find that in
tomorrow's vlog won't we now I'm gonna
leave you here I'll get you in the
morning with d2 and yeah hope you
enjoyed I'll see you tomorrow
