how can I possibly get out of bed in the
morning when I was being this cute
modern little one that you say good
morning pugs are literally the best dogs
look at her come on in good morning
we're just chilling in the garden on our
little table that we bought yesterday if
you saw yesterday's blob we bought this
and Zoey and I built it
no no your week now you find me awake
good morning guys
I think I've already said that or not
should have already said it the UK is
having an incredible summer this year
like usually we joke about how we have
like two hot days a year and stuff like
that but being serious
we had like straight-up nearly a month
probably of like very very clever check
what the weather is today it is 26
degrees today that is like when I go
when I go in holiday with my family to
Greece and stuff we expected to be like
28 to 30 degrees maybe like 32 that's
not too far away but we nearly like
holiday weather right I'm going to crack
on edit in last night was a lay one if
you watch the blog the boys were on the
trampoline where and myself as well we
were on the trampoline like seven or
eight of us until what like 2:30 in the
morning
and we also play poker and I don't know
it was sick but anyways anyways nizam
editing the vlog eight minutes left
uploading on the vlog you ready to go
and attempt this attempt to empty the
surfing paddling pool but it's a pretty
big problem for the swimming pool thing
we want to start using the swim board
again and the waters kind of dirty cuz
it's been in there for like two weeks
and tons of you've been suggesting
different message yeah go on yeah you
guys have been suggesting tons of
different methods to either clean the
water with chlorine instead of emptying
it but the thing if we do that is then
your chlorine in the water and then it
hurts your eyes and then Nala can get in
it so I don't want to put chlorine in
the water to clean it what we're going
to do is we're going to empty it but use
the water from it to water the plants
that's the aim because if you put a hose
in it and then you go suck the other end
of the hose apparently let me just close
this and not as a mom back into the
office
apparently that creates like a cycle and
the water ball comes out you have to go
through really put them in hard I don't
know what about to try it out it's going
to rain tomorrow oh so this is what came
with it but that's not going to work
Zoey you can't do that Gina why no
because what as soon as the water goes
down below that thing then it doesn't do
it anymore
and you kill her oh yeah okay you chill
all of that water there's probably like
2,000 liters yes some will also it's not
going to get up to see how high you're
lifting you know okay it's my kid is
coming oh yeah now you pour it all over
the floor and now it doesn't come out
sorry we got just flood the floor we're
way stop stop think about how much water
is in that that you're just going to
pour on the floor no no I got this
you lift it that's what we have to do
you have to suck the end right you have
the camera so what you do is you have to
create like a suction you be careful up
there it's a very high drop the other
side that's going to go into my mouthful
bit but that just is what it is oh my
god there's going to be bugs and I know
just continue the flow Willa I am
worried about falling that much water
just down more this is the best place
for it because this is all weeds down
here pretty much oh I'm not sure about
that out that's what the plumber said to
me it's supposed to go in your mouth
let's work in is it doing it oh my god
well done yeah this is the best place
for it if it just goes into all look at
all our mud in this now what we need to
do is we need to get the pipe from the
other side what side because that's
obviously taking the water out of the
inside here yeah that's going to stop
soon we need to put that one on at the
bottom of the thing and put this here
don't need to hold the pipe on the other
side as well
just to make sure it doesn't come out
there any water still coming out I think
I think it's just ruined
No drop it what wait to see you are yeah
I know what you mean we've balanced
everything so that it's just doing its
thing it's just going to take time take
a blooming lot of time to wasta wait I'm
going to its mental jet some homeless
some chocolate butter crunch sweet
biscuits it has been many hours since
the last bug clips how's it going yeah
look at lo the water is yeah amazing is
she's running out there through this
thing that should be coming inside
perfect oh do it you feel my friend if
you get here some singing there's a
house a couple of houses done have been
having a party all day like a bloomin
big ol parties right there's been tons
of cars outside our house plots and
stuff but there's been so many different
people singing and they've got gazebos
all set up and - very good so then Elvis
Tribute away she is going for it I go
nobody hear me can we address the fact
I'm just doing my pajamas all day
hi Sunday that's what Sunday's about
somebody's about sailing dramas I've
just been stuck in the Blackhawk sorry
I've just been stuck in the black hole
of YouTube watching videos where singers
whoa yeah
thing isn't celebrities get fans up on
stage to come and sing with them and
then they're actually amazing and I
surprised the celebrity
oh my favorite one is Michael Buble one
oh my gosh I love that one
I was watching Adele ones and all that
one level may never son you have yacht
so I'm the guy in the audience
oh no I think you do Matt the girl
that's really not very good yes no I
does like good people
not money Kings he killed his halo just
know there's a Beyonce woman she gives
it to the sky and is amazing this pool
has got like a thick layer of crap on
the top it's also got so many tiny
little bugs in it guys all these weird
at wrigley bugs and I just realized
earlier on that I was kind of suck it
into a mouth no more that they've now
gone inside me I'm going to get ill but
I don't know if I'll find it before you
show you well I hope I didn't swallow
any look like this now can you see all
of those little bugs guys if I hit the
side they will swim about I'm really
hope I didn't swallow any of them I
think they're just like bacteria like
yeah got to chicken Kiev's in the oven
cooking up yesterday gone and so this
little woman was selling
this Roma salad the most insane looking
broad beans ever so I kind of just
bought like a whole pounds worth
you ready to board being time-lapse oh
my god they all catch the no fruit and
vegetable woman was also selling
broccoli I'm just going to give this
little rinse one thing believe it or not
that I haven't done since we've moved
into this house is any washing I haven't
watched any not washing me I have had a
shower levar is any washing of my
clothes so is helping me get in their
group putting in some fabric conditioner
if you want to our clothes smell off
this is what we use I love that smell Oh
clean those dirty boxes three hours yeah
bloomin ech washing is being done online
for certain in the boiling water
we got steam you my camera right here is
my dinner does Mela good any good this
chicken character is amazing abort moves
to Delhi
you
I'm watching The Voice kids it means
look was oh he bought the other day ice
box
hey now read put my wet clothes into the
dryer I was honestly about so this is
rap I don't want to drop the new clean
place almost nah nah cuz old socks
no we're holding my zips coming up with
MIDI my life I love that there's a light
inside the tumble dryer 3 hours 25
minutes so I'll get over that in the
morning in time for me to put on my
boxers and socks we doing you know I did
that because all my comments on my blog
that went up today they were all saying
how how lovely I am for opening the door
for you to get in the car when you were
holding Nala so I purposely close the
door on you know when I ran wearing
around what look she's not going to be
tired now you're going to wake her up
hahahaha you didn't stretch dude I'm I'm
I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm
oh she's sneezed in my face thing is
again weird guys I'm gonna end the vlog
why there you did give it a big ol
thumbs up and I'll catch you and these
guys are staying I haven't explained
that already we've got good fun busy day
back tomorrow
oh now the technology to their room
like catching the morning guy to video a
thumbs up subscribe good night guys
