uh this is going to be a dangerous start
to the vlog and go into a new camera
shop yo guys this is the one this is not
real life this is insane
whoo I've dragged into the camera shop
you having fun did he love Annette
what's going on family not too bad not
too bad
getting up early on a Saturday and
dragging the family to a camera shop I'm
wearing you looking and I didn't I
didn't buy anything the only thing that
we purchased yeah
she only did that we purchased with a
new vlogging camera for Zoey which is
completely broken that's a shock we just
went to like quietly the best camera
shop ever and I didn't buy anything
what the hell normally I'm mr. gadget
man and I would have come out with a new
bloomin drone or tripod or I would have
come out with a new camera or something
called anything
okay excited various I'm gonna step down
for me yeah i'vei've is a good morning
good morning guys I'm going how you
having a lovely day
I need must have some breakfast which is
not I was going to say might never come
of remember god I was like for breakfast
some cereal my leg here is a little bit
achy from the run yesterday which i
think is a good day
but in eight from one end and it
probably mean that not running enough
not running long enough fast enough hard
enough Muraki that was good listen this
is a marker little things shaking how
he's doing it cheeky oh hey Wow I got a
lot of good stuff
let me see I haven't seen any of this
this is the first time I'm seeing it
tastefully go right here no issues so
you shouldn't use keys because it makes
them not fit in the door if you did it a
lot oh that's lovely for water I like
that so this is all stuff you bought the
office yeah did you pick that ah
why do you take things like that for our
house oh oh I love though they're really
nice I'm so excited
gosh yeah Oh Q I need no aah oh my god
my very own car
they're really lovely but thing isolated
on one Jay Joe's car is mine but you're
a girl what did you talk to her change
things I thought you were joking
Oh or they enjoy different ones oh that
loves me I really like those coasters
but I want to know like the thought
process behind your tweeters like what
were you what did you like about these
tell me because my office is very
Moroccan II wanted rustic yeah so I
wanted to have a splash of colours I
haven't really got much color in there
yet and I thought was it what color will
they lie to you like grays and browns
and my woods and stuff brought a nice
nice dark yellow when I am dry with the
other or together like a must to be
yellow yeah very nice is a divine a
deliberate color
I agree I think he's in a very good job
of that I'm saying prayer so wonderful
how because they're not all identical
the patterns are different
yeah
yeah I do my different cups that I got
oh wow that is a good sized mug holy
crap different one this is my final haul
we've got two little hand towels in the
bathroom some coasters we got the little
named glasses although this one kind
this one's meant to be a C and a J's
turned up three big old mugs and a
little water thing let me help you with
that you know happy with that carny out
here editing the vlog because this is
the coolest the coldest spot laying on
the glass or try being in the
conservatory it was way too hot tried
sitting on the sofa thing we have in the
garden that was way too hot so I've
ended up laying on the grass because
it's just a little bit colder in the
shade what you thinking Missy come here
what you thinking nah let's chill it
with me helping me edit running around
the garden tracing the birds
it's wonderful at lunchtime currently
just finishing up editing the vlog I've
got some got some quinoa and chicken and
of course a nice coffee if you like
coffee and you don't drink iced coffee
you are missing out iced coffee is the
one that I prefer this so much to normal
coffee
you sleepy you know along then do you
mean you're gonna get pins and needles
oh look how comfy Sheila he's so chilled
yes I put on you plant in there
what ah I like that yeah it's pretty
cute are you feeling all right you got
in the back you got in the back poppy
has never ever voluntarily shot in the
back of our car Oh Mike I saw him in
here I was in the office uploading the
vlog I'm working on tons of new merch
designs from a graphic designer
on a Saturday I the graphic designer
working under merch designs with me and
then very important came up to the
office and dragged me out to come back
to the garden center I'd come back to
the garden center and apparently buying
more for mullen in town sorry where are
these ones go in you wanted want your
message is it still there I mean I want
that big one over there for my office
and where the other ones got in the
house she can't hear me
this is the one that lost my office
though he got one of these yesterday for
her office and it looked incredible
likes it looks so so good I came back
today
this is provide a long house got poked
in the bloody eye
isn't that sick the only thing I haven't
done yet is I haven't watered any of my
plants in the office yeah promise you
actually happen should probably do that
when they get home got myself another
plant this one's pink which is pretty
cool
get some color into my office and
another little plant pop little blue one
two tiny little ones from my shelves and
that is me done I wasn't even meant to
be coming to get plants today was worth
was working on merch not loading the
vlog in everything these two brim into
ranked me out in suede music on however
I ended up with the most plants when I
wasn't meant to be coming here today I
feel like this is exactly what I need
for my office garden a Peppa Pig ball
something that we've wanted for so long
for the garden is a proper table and
chairs because obviously we've got the
sofa thing at the moment but we haven't
got but we haven't got like a good table
in the middle so you can eat lunch on it
off your lap that you can't put a sit
down and have like a dinner outside and
that is one thing that we're missing and
that we've wanted but we haven't found
the perfect one yet and obviously were
very aware that summer isn't going to be
for too much longer whilst we've been
here been looking at with a different
table and chair options and stuff and
we're going to go for this one here
which is just like a big old table and
benches so the guys just flat and then
getting old flat packed in that down by
the tills which is good but what we
might have to do is drive homes or the
plants home and then may come back with
all the seats down in the car and pick
up the table it might look like we've
literally just got in the car but we
haven't we actually drove home dropped
off all of the plants all of the food we
just bought and now now I'm driving back
by myself with all of the seats down
flat in the back to try and pick up this
table and benches a blooming hope it
fits in the clocks already paid for and
I also kind of aim to be using it when
my friends come over for drinks and
poker and trampoline and everything
tonight in two hours so currently got
two hours
until my friends arrived at our house
tonight for poker trampoline table
tennis drinks and then a my plan to be
using this table of integers that I just
bought and two hours need to get it home
and build it by myself here we go this
is the table and then these are the
benches this is a little bit a little
bit snug I had to move my seat right
forwards that we could fit it in I need
a shower so that well that's currently
having a dinner I've got to put all the
food away is always popped out to Tesco
with poppy and is also washes they're
going to pick up some drinks for me my
friends tonight I manage to carry all of
this which I cannot even describe how
heavy this is by myself from the car to
here but that doesn't sound like a big
deal this stuff is like it took three
people to put that in my car and I got
it out my car in order like ready out I
should have filmed that but the reason I
did it is because I just wanted to I
didn't want to think about setting up a
shot of me filming I just wanted to get
on with it sweat it out and do it and
now I'm having like a little tiny glass
of coke I never drink coke many think
it's time to try and start building this
table I've literally got like 45 minutes
until everyone starts arriving or
something the weather is amazing it
couldn't be a better day to have friends
over for drinks trampoline in poker and
everything what the aim was just to come
over for poker tonight but I'm like guys
we have to do something outdoors like
literally it is it is a complete blue
sky I'm going to start building this
I've lost my little bit that goes on the
bottom of the camera that I usually hold
so that I can put my camera down by
itself so I don't know how I'm going to
be able to film because I haven't got
anything to put you guys on is that good
that would do that'll do
my camera just ran out of memory before
though even came out to help me
the table was completely done it was so
much quicker than what I thought
now we've got two benches if you can
hear me we've got two benches and then
we're done
looking good my friends haven't arrived
we've got the garden table and chairs
here fill all the food bit away though
we went and bought a load of beers and
this Serrano and I need a shower before
they come for like 20 minutes
I'm just trying enough methanol my
friends over guys often when I hang out
people that I don't get to see very much
I like to just take a step back from the
camera not film anything and just enjoy
hanging out and spending time with them
and that's exactly what I did tonight
it's currently 239 in the morning they
all just left we acted Domino's we drunk
a ton of beers ton of gin and tonics a
ton of disarray no but actually I said
I'm a disorganized Stewart uncle did you
survive no and I'm just clearing
everything as well so that I don't have
so much to do - hi - this is some
chicken night we played poker and Zoe
played poker as well one on the
trampoline messed about with a football
played table tennis if at most photo me
literally despair all sitting around
there just hanging out and catching up
for like hours and hours I'm going to go
to bed if you've enjoyed the vlog give
it a big thumbs up the table was a
complete success like I'm so happy we
got it's going to be so lovely for
breakfast in the morning
dinners in the evenings lunches just
anything it's going to be so good I know
I say this a lot but it is a fact that
65% of the people that watch these
videos are not subscribed that is crazy
if you're not subscribed guys make a
YouTube account
go down below subscribe we nearly 4
million
is internal authorizing our bed till I
catch in the morning guys good night
