about buy more plants in the garden
center this is literally just become I
like weekly activity
I like these little ones here I want to
see one all good get inside
we cog there's another box of plants on
the floor hey NOLA good morning guys
Taylor how you'll have no lovely day
with jism plant chopping this is
everything we bought this big old bushes
right here
tons of smaller plants down there and
the load of lovely cold drinks or on a
sausage roll dinner I am what's that
thing called Scotch egg so it's got some
friends coming over so we've bought lots
of lots of snacks I'm so lucky to have
such a short commute if I could even
call it a commute flat from work that's
it
I'm home now literally back home that is
insane my dad has to go to London every
day every single day like two hours each
way of traveling not boasting nothing
how lucky I am I'm not boasting I'm
saying that's my commute that like
10-second literally not even an
exaggeration 10-second walk that is my
commute it is currently 6 p.m. in the
evening I've just finished a day of
working in the office I had to be in my
office this morning at 8:30 for somebody
to come round and install a garden hose
pipe not like the actual hose buyback
gardens hat so that I can put a hose on
there to water my plants and that guy
came round this morning at 8:30 so I've
actually been in the office from 8:30
8:30 until 11 and then at 11 Zoey and I
popped off to the garden centre as you
saw and then I went back to the office
at 12 o'clock until now which is 6
o'clock but damn that was a good day
very very productive day I haven't shown
you guys that we're using this I've seen
Zoe's country pad look a little NOLA
down there running around the garden
telling everyone she's boss scare up and
she's gone into the bushes
yeah she literally just goes into those
bushes all the bloomin time trying to
find any little rabbits to scare off so
it's my god and get out of here also if
you've got any tips guys on how I can
empty this I need to change the water
that water's a little bit gross so I
need to like empty it clean the paddle
if one then refill it with nice waters
if you've got any tips on how to
efficiently empty that into the drain
let me know I think what I can do is
chuck a hose pipe in there suck one end
really hard put it in the drain and it
should just carry on the cycle by itself
all I know is it is a ridiculous evening
today like stand it Zoe come here we are
so lucky look at it and this is our
house literally just shot that
time-lapse for like 15 minutes barely
moved to tall look like time-lapse was
about one minute long South past 7:00 in
the evening and although it's Friday
evening which should just be to chill
hang out go see your friends go have a
good time I'm just wasting time sitting
here on my laptop not doing anything
like I'm literally just watching YouTube
videos and I feel like I could be used
on the back of alter duck tip feel like
still like I should have tested out
money running shoes this morning and I
didn't do it I feel like I should go for
a run like I don't know if I warning
myself girl like I should maybe I should
all right coming there so not only
disappointed running shoes but it also
bought like a hair bat right let me get
dressed and changed up and I'll show you
our board yesterday
my new gym socks my new gym shoes in
here and not only that but I bought a
bloomin headband kind of thing yeah a
headband I just want to quickly say
thank you so much to you guys for
suggesting these shoes
everyone was commenting this brand asacs
or a 6 or whatever it's called so I
bought a pair of these partly they're
like the best running shoes
just thought I'd let you know that all I
can smell right now it's horse poo
I think it's horse poo anyway some kind
of poo or manual or something and I'm
like trying to regulate my breathing and
I feel like I just eat it in perfect
just Friday evening I should be out
having dinner having drinks with friends
place but instead instead I'm out here
getting the run-in cutting out time this
morning to get it in now I'm not trying
to say this to say that I'm good at
running I'm saying this because we've
just moved to this area and I don't know
the places around it I have no idea
where I am right now but I'm crap of
running so that doesn't end another one
like 10 miles and by oblivion main road
live in the countryside you know you put
in you know you put in the the work when
your when when your eyelids are sweating
and you can't even speak properly at
least you didn't get stitched then until
the last maybe like two hundred meters
which is so much better than the other
two runs have done that was only my
third run look at me this is exactly
what I need right now
I'm literally like soaking that was a
good run if there's one piece of advice
that I can give you just what I've
learned in life and especially when it
comes to working on YouTube videos if
you want to achieve something there are
so many amazing people wanting to
achieve the same thing as you and the
only way you're going to be able to
achieve that and not them is by working
harder and if that means missing out
things that you love doing
then that means missing out things ease
up doing if that means waking up 2 hours
earlier the people that you're competing
against and that means waking up 2 hours
earlier than the people you're competing
against that means going to that means
going to bed at 4 a.m. just so you can
put in the extra hours then guess what
are you have to go to bed at 4 a.m. put
in those extra hours like when I started
daily blogging and I wasn't used to the
daily grind of making a video every
single day
damn I used to go to bed at like 3 a.m.
4 a.m. right you guys remember if you go
back you watch my old blogs I used to go
to bed so late every single night
because I wasn't used to making that
much content and that's the hours that's
the time that I'd to get in to be able
to get used to it like I am now making
the videos every single day I'm a sweaty
rambling mess what I said might just
make no sense to you what I meant to say
is if you want something in life
something that's hard to achieve hard to
get it's not going to come easy you have
to put in the work you have to put in
the hours that nobody else is putting in
because if it was easy to do if you
didn't have to put in those hours
everyone would be doing it and they're
not and they're not because it's hard
because it's bloody hard working not
everyone wants to do that not everyone
wants to try and fail and try and fail
and fail better that is also one of my
favorite quotes I've ever heard fail and
fail better it doesn't matter if you
fail once if you fail twice if you fail
three times four times five times as
long as every single time you fail you
fail better and better and better every
single time and one time you won't fail
and it will be bloody good and you would
have got what you want that you've
worked that you feel better and better
and better and better for every single
time that got you to where you were when
you succeeded I don't even know how I
got into this now I'm going to enjoy my
cold drink watch the sunset and think
about making dinner I haven't even had
dinner yes I'm 9 p.m. we're going for
chicken organic free-range chicken you
use by the 7th and it's the seventh
today hopefully hopefully this is all
good I was just about to start making
dinner and then I remember that we
received a parcel earlier like a massive
package and I haven't shown you guys yet
from good old Jamie Oliver I was texting
him about moving house and stuff like
that a while a while ago and he said bro
I'm going to send you a big housewarming
package don't buy any stuff I've got you
so we perhaps you didn't buy any knives
or any pans or any pots and stuff like
that and even a barbecue like Jane I'll
show you tomorrow Jamie outside we've
got it in the garden now I said the
biggest litter like this big barbecue it
is insane so Jem if you're watching
thank you very much but I was just about
to cook my dinner
now remember that you sent us all of
these knives earlier so I may as well
use them straight away to cut my chicken
for dinner
and on that note I should probably use
the the pan de Bourgh us cook my chicken
as well yo look at our knife today you
join me for cooking without be part the
reason I did this is part three in the
new house something like that we've got
some garlic and herb chicken cooking up
this looks delicious we've got some peas
in here and then in the oven we've got
some like potato things I'm also trying
out to noodle nests but apparently I
just leave like that for five minutes
this is what mine's looking like what
means are is is exactly the same but
just slightly smaller or may or may not
be watching a violent I kind of don't
wanna admit it but I do the other it's
just about to fall asleep we forget to
end the vlog but I keep on forgetting at
the moment so I'm going to quickly and
this one just put my braces in were
watching TV we're going to go to sleep
so good to be this time so if you
enjoyed it subscribe if you're not
already right I'll see you in the
morning guys say goodnight now that she
could night who are you doing though is
closely though is closed itself into the
gardens say goodnight you literally God
ever see you now you go there you guys
now you can
