good morning guys good morning how you
doing today try and guess where I am
you guessed it right I'm in London
shopping with Sean we I didn't bring a
d-a-d window and it's so windy I don't
if you can hear me before I - I mean
have you got one yeah just because you
got to look every week watches once
which in which Shannon's right there the
boxing artist like Sean saving me here
we go eh now you can hear it a letter we
are off to a shoe shop don't worry I'm
very aware of the one in one out rules
as Owen I have I have too many shoes
every time I buy pair I have to charity
a pet that I've already got there is one
pair shoes that I've got in mind
and you guys have intended me a certain
running shoe that I should buy so that
my feet gonna hurt as much when I run so
I'm going to go try those shoes on and
dry and have a look at those but
basically today we've both just taken
the day off of work come to London and
we're just going to be doing a bit of
shopping
there's no aim no particular things that
we need to get but I do want to get a
couple of plain white t-shirts you can
never have enough plain white t-shirt
and at the moment I have about one so
that's the aim really that's what we're
doing come along in the journey come
shop and I'll tell you guys which shops
were going into and what we get from
where so that if you come to London you
can come shopping yourself for them yes
that's about it it's 11 o'clock I did
get up pretty early this morning not as
early as I wanted to I set my alarm for
6:00 realised that I was a bit too
eighty to go for a run
still still aching I'm just not used to
it you know you've got to get into it
gradually so I think go for a run this
morning and instead I woke up at 7
o'clock
which is still 2 hours earlier than what
I normally wake up dig up as ever
great weather even selling balloons
wicked sinners we're heading off to this
shoe shop first so that will be around a
second presented by this is rubber gun
first the issues here 23,000 pounds
23,000 these here are a hundred and ten
grams there was a few hundred and ten
thousand pounds he got to that's like a
flap right here oh they got me this shop
savage like I knew that I knew that
they'd have good stock with a picture
book paper stick I want to get like a
company Leo this is seriously dangerous
though me my girlfriend have a rule you
okay being on camera
me and my girlfriend have a role where
every time I buy pair shoes after
charity and a current pair Wow so I said
that's good isn't it so I'm like and boy
do we carry what I buy and then I'm
gonna get one but what I'm going to get
rid of having I'm gradually clearing out
like my smart shoes yes we love to do
that good your check that's so sick
thank you oh these are nice as well yeah
I pretty cute right I garnished values
under comments one multiply gorgeous
moist again it just go left and right
right then when you want to go up to the
shoes of your choice you hold on to this
button and it will go up and you believe
when you're ready the whole team has a
grip at all yeah turns and drops your
shoe that's it how annoyed your boss
when we both win shoes like why are you
giving these away for free to them at
that
oh no y'all oh sorry I should be paying
you're battling where's the key
we have got two parts up today
oh no no no you got one more guy oh so I
did I marry people of one yeah what we
sound about this I like it I really like
that and that's honest there's nothing
amended yeah very nice I like get
boomerang of it wait a minute ray let's
not make it races on as we got some good
items thank you so much thank you
yeah message ray clear later I cannot
explain how Savage - who shot was
represented by if you like shoes if you
like means if you guys need to be like
collectible clothes because they be so
close up what I bought today was a
jumper the customer service you get the
shot makes such a difference when you're
experienced and like the people to stop
you right there
so long even the spirit is so lovely it
made the whole experience I mean we just
stopped off food shawl or pair shoes as
well oh yeah
Sean bought some shoes that happened to
match the shoes that he's wearing now I
could take one see one and one of the
new one stopped off for a little lunch
before a proper lunch later on we've
gone for chicken box and a Thai green
curry
I told Zoey earlier on that I was going
to get her a present
and so he's like worked absolute bottle
to make our house what it is life you
guys like our house I mean I did
obviously have a big investor house
women done for ages but the sort of that
Zoey so I wanted to what did you get her
a nice present anyway and then we joked
earlier one about me getting her a
present they were also a shop in a more
seasoned lunch I thought you know as
only hasn't gone
that is what my girlfriend needs I'm
trying to decide I told her I'll buy her
a present chance of doing these be for
these feeling the most filling these at
the moment
I'm happy to think
all right let's go these I can't be
wearing to use myself literally today
I'm again for not have a pair so so I
got though a matching pair to one of the
best but I've got at home
Hey
just finished up in Selfridges for like
half an hour searching searching for any
any clothes that we like but we didn't
manage to find anything at all in the
whole it selvages not even one Keisha
nothing so we're just heading off now to
another shop it's blooming hot guys 4:46
in the afternoon we are still shopping I
just bought a new rucksack and only
necklace wait a minute I'll show you all
in a manual all the rucksack is likely
to delete you wrapped up in a bag in a
bag the necklace however have wrapped
everything like is my birthday and early
birthday present this is the pendant
guys in the necklace smugglers put it on
now just that now for the proper line
not the snappy hunch that we audio this
is the proper lunch we in Oaxaca and and
yeah we've only five o'clock practicing
during yeah or did loads of drinks guys
it is so going here we've gone in on the
food and then we'll meet just brought
these over Sean Astor if they're good
he didn't mean to order them and she
thought he meant he wanted them they do
look good but they look incredibly tasty
sack and small doesn't really matter
this is certainly not a time of day that
I should be drinking coffee it's half
past five
yes I'd like this is it - I moved out of
London when that when Casper and I lived
here
I would wake up and I just have a
chilled day like today shopping and I'm
just like I could only seafood asleep
right now sorry about London it's just
so busy
so we've so much going on oh wait Lily
the jitney need impact did I pick up my
bag and start walking out I did yeah
let's go man it's Ron that good
magically just run away we're not doing
that don't worry I've got out but we've
just come into Palace we're grabbing
this board here we've just got the
eunuch life this is the end of our
journey this is the last shot we've got
so much stuff and these t-shirts are 4
pounds 9 th and white t-shirts are
normally so expensive so I'm buying
quite a few so I'm stocked up for the
next couple of months I say couple two
months probably hopefully a couple of
years I don't even know my name
I'm so hot and tired right let's get
these Oh how's your day going very good
good flatty oh very good as well
very hot it was I don't want to complain
it's too hot day exactly no complain and
hopefully pull up when you go on a train
and you're like this close to missing
air so that there's no seeds or about to
pee on the floor
for now and 20 K train journey
yeah finally back to Brighton everybody
that was a bloomin successful long day
just ordered their pizza for dinner from
a little piece of an outside didn't have
any cash from his son chance get some
cash out the cash point she's going to
be so excited I'm going to tell her that
the pizza it's a surprise that it's a
present
we're really easy thank you so much man
I'm finally home once the time is only
like twenty five ten what's the time ten
to ten and I'm finally home I close your
eyes look at your present just come all
the way from London put your hands out
try and guess come all the way from
London here Oh Alex bloody good that
does
thank you I don't have to give you a
proper present now we're after the pizza
oh please your eyes yeah try and guess
what it is best a pair of shoes pair she
you can make them oh you must tell me
Sam no you didn't see I don't know I
didn't know what color you'd was so torn
and which color to go for by thought
these are what you would wear the most
oh I like them little light ones and
I've got matching ones as well thank you
good yeah
do you like them yeah really I was torn
between those or black ones with the red
white with the red whiting oh my god red
writing why can I not speak yes I
thought and wait there one minute
there's this as well which I know you're
going to use
there's this Israel to keep them all
clean
which the woman gave me for free in the
shot so that means you can keep them all
clean because I was going to get you the
black ones which are called breads but
then I thought these are just going to
be so cute on you that these are going
to look so good yeah I call now
yeah alright try it on I was so
obviously with these kind of shoes you
can't take them back
so I've drawn between a four or four and
a half oh well they come up small so I
went for even though they come up small
I went for because I just she says if
there is more you can always let the
sole out perfect
are you sure yeah put them both on let
me see everything you got Christmas good
job you've got like an IKE top which is
cool and then you've got Christmas
pajamas I know I didn't they look really
good do they actually fit
