good morning guys good morning hey dude
straight away I've got something to make
guys today is day 2 of waking up early
get some exercise in an edit of a vlog
before anybody else wakes up I kind of
skipped my alarm like you know when
you're asleep and your alarm goes off
and you don't even know you're doing it
you're just like just press your phone
normally that delays it for like another
10 minutes or 20 minutes or however long
it is what apparently today turn it off
just didn't come back on I mean it's
still early like I used to wake up and
normally wake up at 9 o'clock or at
half-past nine it is four minutes past
7:00 in the morning I also got some new
shoes yesterday now I'm going to try
running in I've got some night paper max
look at these let's get the blebbing
bottom on them my necks already aching
from yesterday
so I already feel like today's run isn't
going to be as good as yesterday's run
was
I have no idea where I am or where run
into all I know
does it literally looks like this I'm in
the middle of living nowhere if you know
me by now you will know that I'm very
very determined and when I start
something like learning how to do the
Rubik's Cube or or making videos I don't
ever do anything half-heartedly I learn
it and do it until I complete and I'm a
bit worried with this running that I
could go the wrong way and just not stop
but my feet hurts so broom and bad right
now because I'm not used to running that
I'm I will just turn back to try and get
back home because I don't want to hurt
my feet badly and I want to just get
into running gradually
I'm absolutely knackered
I ran less than yesterday and was in so
much more pain than yesterday oh my gosh
my feet I don't know if my shoes are too
small or if it's just because they're
new shoes but down the middle like this
part of my feet so damn bad oh my gosh
just got myself cold bottle of water a
planet of blueberries to munch on and
then I'm going to edit the vlog as well
out here while sitting in the shade I am
not very good at run it but I didn't
think I was good I knew I was bad and
I'm gradually going to get into it more
and more but then I stuck to the office
my phone's already going jumping
straight into meeting one one minute
guys today's a little bit of a different
day than usual so I got up this morning
as you saw had a run had actually
haven't had breakfast having
appropriately had a couple of
blueberries anyways
haven't even had a shower haven't even
got a dress came straight to the office
jumped on one phone call then jumped on
a Skype meeting for an hour and 10
minutes I need to edit my vlog and then
that is that is it my workday like it's
literally my work day is going to be
over today from at half-past eleven and
then things get fun because Zoey myself
poppy and Shaun look uh sweaty in grease
you look I need to get the shower
we are all driving off to Canterbury to
go to like a work party festival kind of
vibe today stay in there tonight and
then leave in tomorrow like morning
lunchtime colour time crap we have to
leave in an hour and 20 minutes and I
haven't even edited them I don't even
have to say this like literally
warehouse time god I'm sitting here now
just finished editing the vlog it's
currently exporting and I'm looking
through my diary planning my schedule
for the next couple of weeks
and I see next Thursday the 13th of July
next like you probably how how is that
next Thursday like my third book let me
get my copy I cannot even believe that
I'm saying this as you know this but all
this is the new
and this is the pointers book one this
came out point is book two this came out
I've been working on the point of book
three for so long that it feels like
it's never ever going to come out I
still fell today we're looking at our
diary duck it was like a month until it
comes out next Thursday I barely even
mentioned the book to you guys like what
the next Thursday how is it already July
2017 where has the time gone all of my
book signing sold out within like
seconds of going up but there are still
a couple of tickets and I literally mean
a couple I'm talking like 50 tickets
left
for this event that I'm doing as a
Hackney Empire in London it is the most
beautiful venue ever if you want to get
it to get link is down below but what
the realization that has just hit my
head is that this book here the point
this is like the first ever copy I've
got two copies I gave one to a friend
this coffee this could be the only copy
I have or I can't show you the pages can
I of again I'm going to show you one
page for I don't know if I should these
two books came out of you guys actually
love them they both went to like number
one in the charts blooming ages and
stuff this book here I wanted it to not
only be a third book but I wanted you
guys to be much more heavily involved
you guys have an input make a better
book the aim was really better than
these two and if these two have done
well you guys have enjoyed these this
one is going to be even better so I'm
going to show you I'm going to get so
much trouble for doing this for everyone
care I'm going to show you just one page
of the book because I feel like there is
a few of them but but I feel like it's
important to emphasize the fact that you
guys have been involved in this project
as well and this is a collaboration
between menu for this book and it's only
possible because of you guys and staff
so here is page 18 okay this is page 18
in the book this is a design that one of
you guys submitted for coloring in page
and this was submitted by Beth McLeod
seen like Beth actually designed this
drawing this page look how sick all of
that is for a coloring in page and it's
in the book but Beth what have you done
if I can stress that enough one of you
guys you watch these little videos that
I make every single day designed and
drew
are tweeted me a picture and it is now
in a book that is going to be in like WH
Smiths that's going to be in Waterstones
that's going to be an Asda in Tesco like
that's bloomin design I've been lucky
enough to put you guys like your actual
work into this book youtubers are
normally very very very good at
promoting their own books not me I
upload every single day and I've forgot
to promote my book because I still
thought it was coming out in the future
I didn't realize it was already July if
you want to copy the new book the best
time to order it is for the first week
and we can see if me and you guys can
smash the book charts get it up to
number one just like like these two I
think this book here with number one for
fifteen weeks or something absolutely
insane this one was number one for live
live in ages as well let's see if we can
do it again for number three if you
preorder it from Amazon the book is six
pounds ninety-nine that's cheaper than a
Nando's that's cheaper than buying a
coffee from Starbucks and then little
cake from Starbucks six thousand ninety
nine anyways if you want to go check it
out you can go check it out
you excited to sit in the back oh yeah
babe I mean this is my car
what Verna all you want my car means are
you staying and you're boring because
you do not sing but we're just buying
some snacks because we're glamping
tonight yeah Camping's I like glamorous
camping I mean we tried to we tried to
find like a nicely organized dystrophic
and get some food we can't mine anywhere
so we pulled over to a random petrol
station what do you think
forget sandwich imagine an egg and cress
Azuri they didn't even sell any
sandwiches I liked so this is what I got
your guys look at this
Hey down this country lane look at that
he's getting that blister
yeah get get that oh there's another one
come in we've arrived to the party
it is savage like I thought we were
coming to just camp in a field this is
their boat yeah we later tonight that is
what we're doing we can't ignore we can
we can look at this just look at the
land this is only the reception area by
the actual party ever the attribute
where we're staying tonight and
everything I like threw over those
bushes
yeah I know we're not allowed to see
anything look at Casper's know keep them
I'm good you put anything away from
River Island I last no idea to stop this
look is I've got off White River Gorge
dog cool yeah no you did it
ah that all that street cred that you
just got for me and Shore where it has
just gone now
byah oh yeah that's like a 300-pound hat
or something I saw that it was made in
Italy and I'm nothing you don't even
know what it is that makes me so happy
like I could be watching Justin yeah
I'll be taller are you because it are
you getting a new tent today I bought my
own tent a lot you like size 50 mm tech
support not only would be weather with a
pole a specific I saw it's got a ball
pit in my one I'm too warm we've been
teaching Casper had to blog as well is
you in practice Aragon I have a voice
I'm not seek another role that's pretty
good I look good yeah that is good man
really level as little air coming into
the team and I have nice boys that
you've been doing as they're gonna make
fun of me walking through into the
actual party part now I have no
idea what to expect
the music's just kicked in oh my gosh
this is there I love how everyone's just
filming let you know ones enjoying it in
person
no one's like taking it in they're just
filming in debt thank you so much thank
you
sighs there's a bloody ferris wheel over
there Helion is a gory horror when I get
taken out every girl
I look so sick I'm not going to stay
there for about six months
honestly you're not going to vary when
I'm in vlogging much today with Tanya I
think you were actually Marcus tweeted
as well
Wow did you tweet the other day back and
replied to my tweet on the video yeah I
read it yeah the one with the ring you
are one of the only be played none of
the rest of the gang I tweeted couple of
days ago yeah didn't enjoy right you
know what's a nice side maybe so much it
makes me cry because I'm a captain talk
yourself out oh my god if I do exact
same I only watch the music video as I
noticed create weird conversation me and
my friend yes I literally bill but I was
another life when I'm watching I'm right
on it that's not it
so sad I told me and you were the only
one that replies
okay and in our actual Marcus Marcus
like that yeah she said I really want to
I thought note that I meant we see them
again
yeah I will often like to be healthy I
feel like and then he likes my weak
doesn't require that I want to do a
funny gift being like that feeling was
just like yeah yeah meaning when you
free someone and they like you're okay
cool down but don't for pie
number three I'll reply now no I don't
got there you know no it will mean me no
look why I'd like to throw you on in
trampy alley
it's a you replied to like everything
done you yeah I'm really reply me we're
so in you guys know tiny Zoe's number
one pan and this meant to be going and
we stopped in the right moving probably
in Sean's turn Jim and Tanya's there's
your time let next door to ours
Alfie and Zoe because this is our little
tent for tonight oh my gosh we've got a
bloody double bed in our tent we ordered
that is insane look at their bedside
table was
Jim I'm going to come in naked in the
middle of the night I thought I was
going to go to Marcus but Jim's closer
are you in here
oh I'm me as well mate do I sound like
what area look around can you do a slow
Motorola let me get in front of me you
and Joe oh yeah cool kids Tom wanted the
shot of them food walking along mr.
Ferris well there's Marcus and Jim there
they are oh my gosh gone girls just made
new friends
nice oh bloody out all right my cam has
just died so I've had to stop filming on
my phone now this is really not safe as
well guys I look look out rusty guys
that's like a week John just got camera
battery out the Cotten's oh and I've
come to come solo to these horses hey
mate let you can go over here hey hey do
you know much I want a horse oh my god
I'm scared
oh so there mate Oh greatly good boy
Rick oh my god holy cow that scared the
hell out of me I'm sorry I'm sorry I
won't touch you oh my god I think they
like being tough okay let me just feel
the reach that night let me just feed
him to apologize for touching him I
didn't know you wouldn't like to be
touched
we're gonna make I'm sorry I'm sorry
oh no keep
I don't think they like me I'll put it
there
there we go make you enjoy your little
snack goodbye goodbye
they are beautiful horses there one
night there are certain the Americans
here at the party that won over July so
we celebrated independently with them
oh I'd go fight Moscow look at that
guy's ID yet going on a fight go on a
dare you I'm interrupting this blog
because I'm about to play a clip that
makes no sense at all to the vlog though
it wasn't going to stay like the plan
wasn't for Zoey just stay over and camp
at the festival she was going to drive
home so we filmed a clip explaining that
Zoey was going to go home we ended up
chatting about them is ridiculous you're
about to see it some stupid funny topics
though he did end up staying and sharing
the year with me and camping over and
staying out partying until 1 a.m. and
everything like that but but that wasn't
the original plan that was just because
she was having so much fun she wasn't
planning on staying so the clip that
you're about to see says that Zoey is
about to go home
and then after that clip of me saying
that she goes home she's killing the
dancefloor with Leon like pulling out
all the moves so you're probably like
wait you just said she's going home and
now she's on the dance but I was having
him so I just thought I'd film this
little clip said that were BAP so
there's over at home that she didn't
stay but she did but I wanted to keep
the clip in the vlog just because the
clips funny because we're talking about
funny stuff do you get me
I hope you understand we just got into
our tent this is our bed but as I said
Zoe's head and back and then she's going
to come back early in the morning the
party is about to start kicking off
everyone's like just getting a little
bit drunk and dancing and stuff like
that and having having a funky time you
never know you might get a naked Leon
running and jumping in your tent in the
middle of the night and I don't need to
look let me hear the peacock sounds like
it's like you need you
need a solid sleep but if you get woken
up in the night and stuff then you're
just noise you just you don't feel as
good the next day basically I've got
this big old double bed to myself so I'm
going to see if anyone else who's got a
single bed wants to come join me Mike
marks is joining Jim because Tom's
headed home as well
basically isn't it you see him to get
someone else in his bed for a change it
would be the one person you wouldn't
want me to have in the bed there's no
one there's no one that I wouldn't want
before I don't know very well this is
just a bit awkward it was one of our
managers if I would mind that I just
tried to take her Leon's not coming into
bed I know he's going to drive at Leon
if you're watching you and not coming in
my bed I think he'll just I think I'll
just sleep a lover and structure thank
you honestly think your public I haven't
slept in a bed without you being in ages
I think I'll enjoy it yes you get so hot
in the night it will be like I can just
really stretch out and not have like a
little sweaty limp bit hanging on to
Missy hey what time do you think I'll
get to bed yeah not too late
I'm literally not drunk at all or
anything and the bar closes at 12:00
what's the time now five past ten two
hours into the bar closes I don't think
I'm going to get drunk tonight because I
want tomorrow to be productive I don't
want to wake up
they'd set Malone for six not seven I
love the six and I'm not going for a run
tomorrow I'm cancelling my alarm
my alarm is currently set and like yeah
the whole campsites going to really
appreciate your 6:00 a.m. wake-up how do
I turn off that's a turn to officers not
any day we just go back and join in the
party
