so I watched a video yesterday of a Navy
SEAL talking about why you guess about
4:30 every morning for some reason it
inspired me it hit me in the right place
so this morning I woke up at 6 a.m. is
10 plus 6 at the moment I've got myself
a nice coffee I bat put on my running
shoes got my running clothes on about to
try and go for a morning run I know I'm
asking myself why as well I don't know
the answer it just it just it just
seemed right it seemed right for some
reason I don't know if I'm going to
enjoy the run end because I'm just not
very good at running but being up now at
6 a.m. this is probably about three
hours for normally wake up at about nine
o'clock more than I'm really liking is
just how quiet it is and nobody else our
neighbors everybody else no one's asleep
I can't even speak because I'm seriously
I mean nobody's awake is so quiet no one
else is like obviously during the day
you can get time to yourself but you
still like a still mentally know about
my head though you guys are tweeting me
I'm getting new emails I've got my PA
working for me
like I still know that this thing's
going on but if I wake up early like at
this time of day I'm getting no text I'm
getting no emails I've got no one from
work trying to contact me as I said I'm
new to this running thing so I'm
currently filming on my iPhone so didn't
want to bring my camera out I've just
downloaded one of those running apps to
try and track my run got my headphones
in I don't know if I'm meant to be doing
like some stretches to like warm up at
all but I don't really think I'm going
to have to run too far I'm literally
gonna run like a mile or two I did not
realize how hot I would get like I said
one jump off and hold it please remind
me if I do come on in tomorrow
I do not bring my bloody jumper no way
having to undo the bottom of my trousers
and make them into shorts oh my god why
am I wearing this I am unfair oh my gosh
she's running all through the
countryside and I'm not sweating out so
bad can you help me out comment down
below
I used to sprint when I was younger for
a team and I've never even done like
slightly long-distance running
what is the breathing pattern I should
be doing via even my nose or my mouth
what's the cycle because the moment my
breathing is all over the place I'm
sweating all over the place here I need
some tips may or may not be having to
walk this last bit uphill honest you
guys stitch I'm not used to this running
thing now let's come to say hello
everything is coming mother your
breakfast she will get it coming then
it's all go and get breakfast you're
never going to believe when I say this
guys the time is currently eight thirty
seven my vlog is already done already
edited everything completely done
8:37 crazy
I'm not even usually awake
exactly what you want on a Monday
morning your toilet to be like
constantly flush in which is just this
is just great dessert to bring my mate
who is a plumber and he told me that
isolate the water clean off this part
there check that this other part is all
good and put it back together and try
and if I can't do it he's going to come
and help you tonight
I need the screwdriver I've learned that
the screwdriver in my office
actually I might do I think I might
upstairs just left the office from work
the last like three or four hours I can
take three or four hours and it isn't at
the end of the day I can so much more
time in my day
sorry nicest clothes shopping for myself
look at they're so sick if now Jay will
love that just bought a ton of new
clothes and I also maybe and maybe kind
of bought and bought some shoes as well
I haven't got a pair of these shoes at
all in any colorway oh yeah whenever I
get any bears to charity another pair
back to the plant chop up this sinking
down the pilaf we're back in the plant
shop buying more plant I get into how we
can possibly get more but some somehow
whatever we buy just disappears into the
house and the offices so about to buy
some more quite like this one
a jungle in here if you're wondering
what we come this is the place that we
go to guys welcome back to how not to
cook with Alfie deyes today were cooking
pasta and it's nearly boiling over the
top this is how not to capacitor I'm on
pasture duties and Zoe's doing peas
basic there just have the steroids
downstair so the block it probably looks
like it's lunchtime I don't even know if
I filmed myself eating lunch I did eat
lunch earlier then what about the office
smash the load of work out the blog is
good no I think the time or it's 7
o'clock on the dot
see this waking up earlier malarkey is
doing wonders and now I can get a
reasonable dinner time normally we end
up eating that like 9 o'clock
oh yeah you didn't want your laughing
zowie didn't watch love on the last
night she fell asleep how crazy was it
that they got to pick it if they didn't
pick the right people they said you know
I'm officially one of those people just
said that they don't like love Island
and they're being forced to watch it by
their partner and now I love it
I'll eat it I've seen cloudy of a chance
I say even the name the Cloudy with a
Chance of Meatballs here it is I've seen
number two like three or four times
every time we get on a long like long
haul flight I will end up watching
Cloudy with John sneezes - yeah I've
never ever seen number one you just
turned on the TV number one is on Susan
Allah who is it hello darlin you don't
know what's happening do you she has no
idea
knowledge staying a mum and dad tonight
because early tomorrow morning we're all
feeling it off and and that can speak
zombies I'm an adventurer that's what I
meant to say it's knowledge staying me
mum and dad know that all come inside
I am coming to your house I don't know
any other medium I don't any of you go
