good morning guys - untie your doing
today is my mom's band we've woken up in
the tree house usually yesterday's vlog
you're going to know where we are we're
currently about foreigners ohi's country
pad that's exactly where we are
committed ly everyone else has been up
about half an hour longer than me yes
you should as usually allotted and I've
started a the decoration now I'm joining
in around in the end I have known every
day whatever you up to shhh
even the door leads out good job team
get that in stuff get the end sterile
again get the end stuff on the net okay
angle they let me get that beam right
okay angle like that's the ankle short
I've given I set get a tree still be
mine I oh no if I'm not even on
boomerang are so awkward yeah
get that straight down bird's-eye view
flap a diving at the helm thank you
funnily enough I got my bad stuff is not
is that there is a chain your head you
don't put it under your chair oh my
don't know I cheered I don't think he'll
stay on a second I was a lot of mom and
dad have been serious about mom's
birthday present she's just open the
first one a book and then that way is
from the head Hawaiians do your duty
does your heart look good for that
because it has the same colors already
what you read all my thighs I'll get
around the heart trying to find my swim
shorts common where I left them all
jumping in the hot tub
so no no my pink swim shorts are unless
I put them back in our room ha are you
got them cheers bro
we cannot drop this iPhone in there cuz
if I do is broken so I've got such a
cracked up screen
I know this is the exact hot tub the day
that I got that iPhone 7 that I
purposely put it in the hot tub
oh I purposely put it in the hot tub to
see whether it is waterproof or not and
it was water if it survived however
since then I have dropped my iPhone and
cracks over the screen now so before to
go in there comes a cruel jacuzzi you
ever look at it now
mashed then that you broken mashed
I forgot as oh my gosh you come on there
you go
I forgot that over those and getting
that until hostel and the tantrum
yeah we should wait let me see if I can
do it I was confined we're on the top of
my head oh yes thank you
Ãºnico birthday you had a freakout nice
jobs each other in the eye great
you're going to sit down it's gonna go
in my mind a little I'm crying screaming
get the ball
rush to get ready as quick as I possibly
can it's currently 20 minutes past 11:00
any minute now we're leaving to a walk
down to the beach then we're going
straight to a restaurant for lunch and
then we're going straight home but we
won't be getting home until like five
six o'clock so take any time to edit my
vlog it is now on Russian as quick as I
possibly can trying to get this done so
that it is not late what CBN about
thirty chocolate well I know I may be in
a lot of it yesterday
let's sneakily eaten them no there is a
box for means of your books for you
enjoy a book I add nodebots to poppy and
a box for me in a box your mum no no I
made you see in Harper boxes of this yes
okay and the box is very very good it
now says laughs yes and I left I have
the rest you're ridiculous I've made a
little column once I want to try it is
not yet eaten all right maybe automotive
I've just noticed a really cute style at
saturated Alphaeus day mmm oh man it's
called great hair out of there
new ones accord what's that all of true
hair out the Rick Jean it's really cute
as one get the hair pin out and then
close it you can probably do that
warnings as well I didn't know if your
dreams
Russian like absolute max we need to get
out of here and we also want to try and
get a little walk down to the beach in
before or reservation at the restaurant
to have lunch but my blog is currently
exporting it's like saving 55% and then
the uploads internet here to upload is
unbelievable like it will literally take
about two or three minutes so I'm trying
to make sure that I've got a couple of
minutes just to get a bug up I don't if
it's going to be possible we've left the
treehouse and we're venturing off to the
restaurant
it's cute little stream down here I'm on
a bridge oh my gosh that's trying to
climb the bloody tree Shawn the climb in
the bridge look at the sky that looks so
savage not unlike a little are they
trying to climb the tree look at this
this is so sick I'm super aware that in
this blog all I'm doing is showing you
cool things and cool things and cool
things and act and so excited but it's
because this place is just so
overwhelming there's so much amazing
stuff going on they did so much amazing
things for us and yesterday's vlog if
you saw that and now we just walk into
now we're walking to get some lunch and
such a nice day speak G&T mole just
sharing everything this is insane thank
you so much
Nashawn speed yes he's going to be
sleeping in the car journey home obvious
one I ripped my five-pound note because
of the new ones you can trip she says
she can definitely do that okay if you
can't rip it pop you have to donate five
pounds charity okay I am so that's
fighting that's not reading that's my
chick it's not it that's cheating
yeah that's biting that's not ripping
Condor your stretchy you have a having a
cheeky not a before we go I literally
obstetrician at GMT I feel like I'm
gonna fall asleep so I just got a latte
everyone else's land mean I wish could
be unlucky guys unlucky guys my vlog is
gonna go how the bloody hell did you get
one of each of their shoes I just did
first again that one I know my chemists
are on a charge Oh No you just if I
wedge them in that day no find it got in
my shoes oh no oh no you're chuck is
gone they're trying to get the
instagrams
they never here to go out with some
clown decreases although hey you wasn't
faking it then oh good
I need some ammunition to permit coffee
that's high enough just like when you
have ten that's high enough like also
hoping for Alfie now can we just run
that charge but it sure luckily had a
battery on it so I'm safe
just fair back to on him for him we just
got home the dogs are going crazy
playing outside Oh buddy boy no not
inside you're aware oh no
just put some shorts on to take my socks
off that was hot in the back of the car
you know I was sweating out the vlogs
just gone live which is good it was like
the the Priya birthday piece all
yesterday's vlog the tree house pre
birthday vlog someone else is singing
happy birthday and the garden near us
like a couple of hours is long hey
abruptly whoever that is time for some
archery although I do need to please
remind me to order some new arrows
because this this is the current state
of our arrows broken and flat pretty
flat but okay completely broken and flat
on the end basically we need two orders
new hours I think they sell mine Amazon
Prime
buzz is obsessed with water and like
water fights and stuff laughter then we
used to spray or blondes ready ready
how's your knee a bit blue children I've
been session in a ton of trampoline
tricks for ages without the camera no
wait wait I need to go get my vlog
camera because this is too funny
we're both trying tricks that we can't
do and I'm telling you want to do stuff
that you got this but he's still trying
it I love like blood grass he need he
elbowed his knees so hard it went right
in there in between the knees but you
landed it can we just say I don't know
who said this in your last vlog but
remember that video that someone made
when you did not oh yeah I do yeah yeah
and then I just all through space and
everything yeah someone please make an
edit like that of one of us doing a
backflip off Jordan alright you do a
backflip and let them then they'll take
it gone you got bad flip back flip okay
here to do a gainer
oh that's there right there he's done
there I'm too hot to do anything oh my
gosh
it is a lovely weekend I hope you guys
had an amazing weekend poverty I'm aware
for you guys it's currently Monday
evening you're watching this so you've
also had a lovely productive Monday make
sure they're cracking back on with work
school college whatever you do with your
week getting straight back into it
Monday morning oh my gosh and I'm
currently editing the vlog that you are
watching whilst sitting in the garden
you'll know if you see tomorrow's video
why I'm wearing this attire why I'm out
here at 7:30 no it's like 8:00 a.m. now
8 a.m. out here editing the vlog the
completely forgot to end the video
yesterday we were all just so knackered
we had dinner chilled out on the sofa
watch love island when it sleeps I hope
you enjoyed it if you did go down below
give it a big ol thumbs up let's see how
many we can possibly get every single
day I always watch my vlogs and see how
quickly I never really tell you guys
there so I've told you a couple of times
on Twitter I see how quickly you can get
the video to have 5,000 likes and the
best we've ever managed to do that in a
vlog was 12 minutes so let's see if we
can be that tomorrow give today's video
a thumbs up if you want as well
subscribe if you're not already with
nearly 4 million and I'll see ya
tomorrow
good night guys
