ah when we carved in yet to camera
transfer your time-lapse whilst editing
my vlog I can't do that because I need
this but 20 gun for how long and dangly
that is it's literally as long as you
then I'm going to get this big one here
for the office and I'm going to get a
basket that it's in as well thank you so
much
good morning guys good morning how you
doing
we've had half a day at the office and
now the second half of today is spent
where it met you meetings in town but
kind of came in a little bit early
before before our meeting and we've been
plant shopping so it's got a couple of
little ones in the bag and I bought this
from a massive one for the office you
jump in there yes please I have less
than two minutes to my blog there's life
with no thumbnail I've been in the
biggest rush in the ever to get home
right time to leave the office tonight I
say tonight even though the vlogs only
just blooming but momma zoomed in even
though the vlogs on just begun it can
all let did I show you the front of all
earlier I bet if that's the final place
it's going to go but I call that is look
at the flower on the top of that that is
amazing we need a name for the office
card feel free to call it one down below
or tweet me one let's have a little
check on Percy see how he's doing
now he's quite scared of people Percy is
would you see if he's okay Amy oh hey
how you doing mate you okay so it's made
dinner tonight and I've ruined it by
adding on dr. pepper
which I never drink fizzy drinks you
guys know this a triggers massive reflux
so bad because someone bought dr. pepper
in our house but now it's now it's in
the house is too it's too hard not to
like look how cold and nice and
delicious that looks like I never ever
I've got no drink juice often so when I
do I really appreciate it
yeah it's kind of like a kept out there
that's what's what up to get that what
you mean is that their slogan is
actually no it's not
hang on what's the worst that could
happen
hey add those all really guys it's not
been kinda came up - enjoy your dinner
and pie season like that I made mashed
potato without and potato masher yeah
it's always made this by just mashing it
was it was a fork a spoon
yeah sorry spoon the mashed potato this
evening also look at cute guys that's a
couple goals like that you need some now
aren't you right you know I look smart
on my head scoff I was a Kidada we've
got matching glazing that's not yeah it
wasn't this isn't going to be a
thumbnail but if it was you'd want a
nice little shot like that kind of vibe
that's not it's not it's good not to
make the cut
now I'm incredibly jealous of Zoey this
evening was it last night you ordered it
or the night before the night before
last Zoey ordered a new monitor for her
work so that she can plug her laptop so
basically instead of having an iMac and
a laptop which means if you start
editing the video on your iMac and then
you want to carry on on your laptop when
you go in now you can't because it's on
your iMac so to overcome that issue what
I've done and what is always just done
as well now is you have your laptop as
your computer and then you buy a display
like a monitor so it's just a screen not
a computer and then whenever you want to
work on that you just plug your laptop
in and make that the screen we've been
having a lot a lot of technical
technical difficulties let's say with
the house at the moment like this
morning we woke up with no lights in the
entire house so we had to have two
electricians and some tech person come
over and fix it anyways on a positive
note
Zoey's new monitor her display has
arrived and she's got
like two days ago she's got the new
Apple display it's not all of it
yeah well it's actually LG it's not
Apple but it's Apple sell it and they've
stopped selling their old one which is
one that I've got so this is the new 5k
not even 4k 5k display my videos are a
5k because we definitely been a 5k
cameras don'twe but what it does mean is
the one you watch YouTube it in 4k now
it will actually be 4k obviously no
because like our current computers and
laptops and stuff like that okay great
no so you can watch it in 4k but it's
not actually a 4k because you don't have
a screen that can play 4k this is a 5k
display 4k 4k Oh pull it from the top oh
yeah
that looks so nice can you push it up
and down like the height of it oh man
I'm so jealous
good morning everybody good morning
how'd you do it I'm super excited I'm
super like buzzed in considering I
haven't had a coffee I was like I was
literally just about to make myself a
coffee and then I thought I don't even
need one like I drink coffee every
morning to help me energize get buzz in
and wake up but there's something good
about today actually I think I know what
it is so I haven't mentioned this in any
videos yet I've mentioned it a lot on
like Instagram and Twitter so if you
follow me for them then you'll know what
I'm talking about there are so many
different live events and different
places that you can meet youtubers or
people from social media but for the
last year I've been working on a new
event that is never like it's the first
ever one it's never been done before
it's called hello world and it's not
like we're trying to create a VidCon or
anything like that this is completely
different it's not you don't just go to
the event and queue up and just wait six
hours to meet a youtuber that's not what
it's about is basically I've been lucky
enough and some of my friends have been
lucky enough to have like a proper input
into this new event so it's it's going
to be bloody great I'm going to tell you
that of course I'm going to say that
because I've been working on it but I
don't how to describe it it's set from
the actual event itself what is going on
is going to be so fun and there's going
to be so much for you guys to do that it
won't even matter if you meet a youtuber
or not I've gone to so many different
events over the years and had you guys
queuing up to meet me for like six hours
or eight hours or waking up at 3:00 in
the morning to join the first one of the
queue to be able to meet because I don't
want any of that that's not good or fun
for you guys that's not I don't enjoy
the fact that I only get to meet you for
ten seconds yet you've waited five hours
to meet me that is horrible like I want
to proper hang out and get like and chat
with you guys so so this event isn't
that kind of just queuing up to meet you
too but this event itself
as you'll see as you'll see as more
things get released I'm not allowed to
say too much about it I don't want to
get told up by lawyers and something
like that but basically all I'm going to
say is the event itself is going to be
so fun and there's so much for you guys
to actually do while still there and as
well there's also going to be youtubers
there and social media people were there
and singers their performers there and
stuff like that the event is going to be
sick and I'm going to be there so it's
going to be there Mark's is going to be
there Joe is going to be there and
Casper is going to be there
Louie's are going to be there Jim's
going to be there it's going to be sick
and so so many more guests to be
announced they're coming out in the
future that I would love to be able to
show you now a name but again I'm not
going to love you because this is
commerce super soon tickets for the
event and now on sale there is like a
little teaser trailer and stuff like
that that kind of explains it's
basically it's hard to explain properly
what it is it's solenoid we basically
built a weld like little ice called
hello world we built a weld like with I
don't know Vinod
it's almost like if you go into a
festival but imagine they're under an
amazing amazing festival where the
actual festival is so good that it
doesn't matter who you see music-wise
like but you know you buy tickets to
like a music festival and there's a
couple of people that you do want to see
but other than that you don't mind what
you do because the actual festival is
going to be so damn good that is what
this is going to be it's not about
queueing up hours and hours to meet
youtubers and having nothing else to do
them in bored out of your brain so this
this is about the event being so bloody
great and also your favorite youtubers
and people were all there as well and
I'm going to be there hanging out so
I'll leave a link down below go check it
out
go look into it go read up see if it's
you're going to vibe if it is grab a
ticket come and hang out the date is the
28th I don't want to get this wrong it
is in Birmingham on the 28th and 29th of
October anyways I just wanted to say in
a video because I haven't told you guys
in a video yet yeah I've been shouting
about it so much on social media other
than YouTube so I'm going to be walking
around enjoying the event as well but
it's going to be it's going to be good
anyways let's get on with the blog how
are you doing I hope you're having a
lovely day it is currently
they I want to say the lost track of
this week because Thursday the 29th of
June so hope you're having a lovely
Friday for you you're watching this vid
on Friday so I hope you having a good
one it's blooming the weekend by the
time you're watching this is far the
evening by p.m. just a weekend for you
have a lovely weekend make sure you're
hanging out with your friends and your
family doing something you love make
sure you get an outside go into having
fun I need to crack open this little
book that's just pretty big book isn't
it this is one of Zoe's books and making
notes for a new video series that I want
to do can provide in a there right
heading off to town to go for a lunch
meeting although there's something in my
bag like listen sounds like there's a
bell in my bag I don't know what it is
that's making that noise but ever since
I put it on my back all I can hear is a
little bell yeah that's what it is
my little spinner thing that I put the
camera on all right we're heading off to
town for a lunch meeting with somebody
that I've never met before should be
super super interesting I'm excited to
medium
a super good meeting guys
now we're really really well super
interesting but I am now 25 minutes late
to meet up with my school friends I've
kept them both saying that I'm running
late so they do know but I feel bad
because I'm seeing you in three years
and I'm 28 minutes late I've got two
minutes to get to the house to pick one
of up then pick the other one up then go
for coffee even though I've just said
coffee and just had lunch here we're
kind of fact when the vlog started ah
this is a rock star to me cleaning the
sink this morning except from now it is
eight minutes past 7:00 in the evening I
just had an incredible time catch not
school friends like as I said I hadn't
seen those people in three years I
thought we were going to meet like an
hour we ended up meeting like three
hours and now I'm back home so what I
was going to just chill have a bath
relax this evening and then the biggest
food shop in the world has just turned
up so we've got to unpack that you're
ready for our nap hey Wow
oh my gosh all right I'm going to cut
the time-lapse there because there is no
point filming a time-lapse of us putting
away the food look at that bit actually
take bloody ages and is it fun the
unpacking is really fun because you can
see a ton of progress put it away
takes ages so it's making cute little
bunches of flowers these peonies are
like they're never going to come out
proper tight little bulbs on me right
I'm just going to admit it to you
because I feel I wants to set out loud
it's real I enjoy love Island I'm into
it I'm watching that and today tonight I
don't want to Deacon think but there's a
second house like a second apartment
you're that guy's body this I mean you
know I've done I wish what me no lump of
cheese by the way was in his cooking
love island is finished but also had
dinner suits the last clip in the vlog
and now wonderful my fav
programs is on TV I swear which mean
what does that say I think this is super
educational oh I'm sorry no I just want
some duvet I think this program is super
education i think it's i think this
program is amazing for teenagers and
just for people to realize that
everybody's body is different
everybody's boobs come in different
shapes and sizes and one can be bigger
than the other and boys penises can look
all different and stuff and this show
naked attraction if you haven't seen it
it might not be a cup of tea but very
Nilo that and i think it's so so it's so
interesting but it is strange that
people are literally picking a partner
to go on a date with purely on their
body like not anything else other than
their naked body i do that sounds crazy
one and what we watch and go check it
out you haven't already
on the play
