last night we ended up going to bed at
like 4 a.m. it felt like the right
decision to go to bed super late last
night but now I'm awake I'm like I don't
if it was smart or not I just don't want
to be tired today it's Saturday is
pretty beautiful weather like it's not
even very cold about here in the t-shirt
he's taking all our art for a whiie and
i want to say good morning it's the
morning I'm feeling good I feel really
good
so considering of literature like 5
hours I feel bloody fantastic but it's
only the morning and I could get
incredibly tired later on but we're not
gonna let happen
Terrica coffee a friend walking to sleep
upstairs if you didn't already know my
friend Steve's asleep upstairs if you
didn't already know last night we had a
gaming session and I mean like proper
intense gaming session this is what we
ended up doing yesterday
Morgan sat there Steve sat there me sat
there and we did have Shawn here as well
but he had to leave like midnight we
were literally sat here just gaming all
night
actually I say all night it wasn't as
successful as we wanted it to be because
the game that were playing fortnight if
you haven't paid for tonight you need to
check it out it's unbelievable the game
was down the game was offline for a bit
so it wasn't actually working until like
half 1:00 in the morning which was
annoying but how do you breakfast ever
that is so bad of me here we go
Nullah what have you got no crap Missy
you can't eat those you can't do that
that's not for you maybe this instead
there we go that's better that's better
it's now what did ya I saw you in there
well this just glanced and so either the
bids go in today I'm gonna go shave it
off now I can't hack it anymore right do
you actually this is go not tomorrow I
think it looks fine it's just annoying
me but I think you should keep it no I
don't think so I don't know how long I'm
gonna get it before I just want it off
like how much longer do I want it but
and then I'm right there that's the good
length do you think yeah that's all I
need to do
mine's too long at the moment Morgan how
long's yours I don't need to get it all
actually like tapered down yeah but this
is just annoying now I think there's
good brave I like it I think it's not
that maybe it's not that long yours is
long boy why don't you trim it you
should trim you know I'm you my reveals
up right yeah just finish comb in it
what we're saying now that literally
looks horrendous come up yet oh hey bro
you've got like a chinstrap off a lot
more great oh hey just got out of the
shower it's time for it to go fully
decided that it's just and annoying me
too much
the original alfie deyes is back the
beard has gone Hey trimmed it all up
look younger again now I look like 14
years old
see you later bro yeah and from four we
go down to to bat head into Brighton
just jumped in the mini there's always
taken the range and the Audi is looking
down great this is the second time I've
ever driven this car is it yeah I only
got short on it yesterday
should we have the roof down then it's
good good day for it we don't know where
we're going we just know that it's half
past 1 and we haven't eaten any food yet
today that's what I'm quite quiet yeah
we need to go get some food get some
energy thank you
this is lips on my favorite thing every
time we come here this is right there
you are in for a treat
well that's going to adapt to
temperature the Sun it's gonna be hot
I'm warning you
oh my gosh their cakes here none of that
no don't do that to me
you're so tired even asleep yawning
Steve's got this savage tripod it's so
much confident this one here I got it -
he can't remember I got it where's your
camera you wanna put on there yeah yeah
this is what the tripod looks like
normally and then you can even have it
here or that is Savage it's good for
that camera isn't it this is the tripod
I need where am I getting it yeah would
you die sitting the one people will
actually have to see your head now
rather than vlog in like this could I
never ever hear my blogs and now I can
blog like that this is the realistic way
in which I would hold it like that way
that is good it's nice that's good
that's just a little bit longer than
this one yeah cuz you know what it is I
think everyone whenever people test
these tripods they're always like extend
their arms yeah I'm never gonna vlog
fully like this yeah so that's why the
longer ones are good to me where's my
doggy at where are you oh you have a
little drink drink outside it's quite
rhenium warning you
oh no chance no chance going on in that
rain
right bro what's the plan what we saying
should we go out should we do some
cooking
what do you on the top bus 5 all we've
done today so far 27 that's not right
it's 27 22 7 we've done so far today
it's go for food feel like we should
have done something like turn this room
into a bull pet what's up he gets bad we
should have done something like that the
whole room everyone in my comments have
just uploaded the new vlog or like two
hours ago now and Zuri say goodbye and
she's like last stop I left and I went
away on a trip
you turn the house in the old house
obviously and into a trampoline park and
you had in a ball pit and stuff like
that she was like oh my gosh as long as
Nala stays safe stay safe then I don't
mind
I've been relatively good I haven't done
anything other than turned this room
here into like a gaming session other
than that I haven't done anything this
house I appreciate much more than the
last one so I don't want to like scratch
the walls or anything it's getting to
that time it's Saturday it's just too
easy to just chill and end up doing
nothing we've just been sitting on our
laptops for like two or three hours I
mean I didn't edit and upload my vlog as
well but we haven't had dinner it's
nearly 8:00 p.m. you see I want to take
you out I want to take you up for a run
around because you haven't been out
properly today oh no it is so raining
out here one of our bloomin pieces of
the sofa has come over that wall and
down here what I need to try and at
least back up the right way give me that
toy give me that - oh okay I'm gonna go
for mr. carrot oh look who I've got
this is a favorite toy at the moment
this Kara usually can have a kiss this
is Janice make it kiss yeah right we
parked up we just can't find out
yeah yeah oh you wait around bro we can
see you
hey we've come up for dinner finally we
spent too long inside looking at lap
tops stever's I feel funny
well so do I we need to just get out and
first truven texting Shore and who's out
for dinner with some friends and it's
puppy here which in London oh she's on
the train
amazing Sean's ordered food for us me
neither
you ready food's literally just come as
it is it go you got that Mirko and
you're playing a game called psych which
is out on the mobile all bridges on the
mobile and everyone's playing together I
can't film the game too much because
it's pretty damn rude and a lot of
personal jokes but my name is Kim K on
it and I'm currently winning just
thought I'd let you all know Kim K win
and I won look at that Bobby's getting
annoyed because she she wants to go home
we all said we'd leave that she's been
outside like 15 minutes in the cold
sug outside come on
how's that show Steve the white cream
egg that we've got I open the fridge you
saw in the vlog that I hid it in the
fridge and I said don't tell anyone
where it was I hid it at the back of
this laven our fridge adjustment to show
Steve and it's gone off inside who's
taken Zuri's white egg was going to say
mine like we've got food to give you the
other day
Zoey unpacked the food delivery which
makes me think that it was Zoey which is
fine because it's her egg but I wanted
to show Steven is gone I bet her remark
after very more date now like cheers bro
I like his glasses
good morning Missy hey hey what you
doing oh oh
these joke end and then good gone
you know how it is guys every morning I
walk that and coffee
yeah you falling back asleep you're
about to get attacked by a dog oh my
gosh I never do Express are those
intense I normally do latte
this drink is unbelievable the only
thing the only thing about this drink
it's not even negative it makes you we
this color like your we literally goes
like toxic Orange good morning guys good
morning how you doing hope you're having
a lovely day whatever you're doing
wherever you are
Stevie boy is currently still in bed as
you know if you see my last couple of
days vlogs my mate Steve is over he's
still in bed
Zoey my girlfriend is still away and she
gets back in like four or five hours
today later on today yeah I kind of need
to do some tidying I had some friends
over the last couple of days and let's
just say that there's like random
screens and wires and another screen
another screen PlayStation PlayStation
cameras and drills over there
I need to do some tidying I also shaved
off my beard yesterday I was growing my
beard out for like the last probably
about eight nine days and it was pretty
long waits a monitor on carb lemon sofa
back look at one of them has even gone
down here
we've come after some food it's
breakfast Steve has never ever had
before
a tumeric latte or turmeric I never
known to say it I say to miraculous
achievement but I think it is turmeric
cheers bro she has not gotten try it I
like it and it's bloody good for you yes
good man it's not coffee though yeah
yeah that's got me after that dirty take
away the oven I this is exactly what we
need this is it bro
this is it you know even ready for this
oh damn it Steve just did it a second
ago and it looks so good I enjoy that
boy hey bro
just got home from that delicious that's
gonna say breakfast but it definitely is
not perhaps time brunch it's like half
past 11:00
Zoe is getting home at 1:00 call Steve's
just left is wrong by the way rich I
mean I think it's Carsten on the
driveway now he's just left
I have got one and a half hours to tidy
up all of this put that stuff back in my
office and what else I got home my gosh
don't even start on this I'm covering it
up for now but you know when you make a
little pile of like mess and then it
grows and it grows I've been doing that
right near the front door so that's
where you come in I mean I need to put
some shoes upstairs as well but every
time I come in the front door I leave
stuff and I've been adding to it and add
into it for the last like week are you
ready
that is just obscene that is stupid
there is so many clothes and buying a
box of chocolates and a scooter guys oh
he got sent to a peer box and just stuff
that doesn't belong there but I'm just
leaving like I need to tidy all that
mess up come winter some chilled Sunday
together time to tidy up all of these
shoes here hey all gone
oh it's Heidi one down one two to go
well I mean tidy in those shoes was just
a little bit easier than since I did all
of that so not quite I don't know if I'm
gonna be able to get rid of all of that
but I'm going to attempt to do some of
it and we're nearly done nearly there
we've just got that little bit left to
do my bag I mean that's just where my
bag belongs and a little box of Zoe
stuff all of the clothes are like proper
hung back up where they belong or put
them in the washing and we'll make like
proper sort and everything I'm not just
like half-heartedly doing this then this
is why it's so hard oh my gosh she's
been wondering what I mean number one
book
money about the house put everything
away because either blew me a fire
turned on there that's why it's so hot
this is important I need to tell you
guys the winners of the competition that
I did the other day the giveaway if you
watch the blog probably about two days
ago now I said that if you subscribed
left a comment and click like on the
video I'll give on the video my voice
cracked
I'll give three posters away that
YouTube sent me to give to you guys
they're all like custom made I'm going
to sign them and send them to you
they're so sick this is what it looks
like but if you go close up all of the
writing is comments on this channel on
the vlogs from you guys which is cool so
time to announce the winners quickly let
me just get the winners up on my phone
so obviously I'm going to contact you
individually don't you worry the first
winner is Laura underscore pop Q
congratulations you won one of these and
the second winner is Lucy Neal with two
y's and the third winner is Ellen louise
12c you three of the three winners I
hope you like the posters when you get
them in the post tweet me a picture tag
me on instagram of a picture of you with
the poster on your wall or something I
want to see them I hope you enjoy it
anyways I need to get back to them to
sort out all this Azari marker back I've
been told to close my eyes I don't need
to put my hand out they've bought
something is this just a Zoe Payton this
or that where the heck is my yeah wait
on silent
oh my god why have you bought them
that is literally rank
this even was that it's only half the
face we were in the strippers odesite oh
my god that is hurt because you're tiny
it literally looks real like if you were
walking on the road but in that walking
niala people didn't notice legit yeah
that is horrible
sorry bro a couple of little plants this
is my favorite one because it it's a
little bit less alive than the others so
I'm rooting for it it's an underdog it
looks like a little tree he's my
favorite I think we should name them
look at Nala literally watching the TV
also I was about to do this there Zoe
and I decided I'd done two out of three
so I'm either going to do that later
tonight or tomorrow morning first thing
because we just had a meeting that were
both meant to be in tomorrow at 9:00
a.m. has just been cancelled
so I'm now free at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow
9:00 to 10:00 so I can even do it the
end in the morning or maybe I do it
tonight
get out of the way a Margate Hall
because oh no I love the smell of that I
just don't like the taste of Reeboks
brand over 70 artists work alongside
instructors who enable groups or
individuals to create artworks which are
developed into designer products as Elle
presenting the skills and talents of
people living with complex epilepsy
learning and physical difficulties we're
are housed me that's cool so they're the
ones that make it the people with the
learning difficulties on physical
difficulties which I thought was really
nice that's really cute I'm so happy I
can puke that's cool isn't it
that'd be really cool design on a
t-shirt that's an arch poppin youngsters
nice
no I for me and you I which means it was
bought for Zoey no originally I saw it
and I immediately thought of you you can
ask mark but I thought it'd be too long
so I think I have to wear it as a
t-shirt dress okay it's cruising oh my
gosh that's funny isn't it
can the brain cry oh sure but look how
long it is
yeah that's like a t-shirt dress that's
cool know whether you would wear a
t-shirt
let me show them that's so cool stand up
and hold it against you
like a dress then I was like will you
tuck it in I don't know oh I kind of I
mean it is long but it's not like that
bad yeah do you like it's funny isn't it
Sarah
yeah that's why yeah how funny is it
actually doesn't look too bad on you you
know with like joggers tuck it in a tiny
bit well can you not I like it and also
you took my camera didn't you yeah I
loved it did run out of batteries I said
I said to Zoey make sure you take the
charger no I need the charger they ran
our battery this is like the fujifilm
x100t no this is honestly like oh you
are the best
Instagram canva ever I think you
anything puppy I was going to let me
just check there's nothing in there left
two more items of clothing
I love this is by a brand called
oh this is ascetic laundry with copper
feel oh nice
check your boobies oh that's yeah I had
an outfit with all things like this on
when I was younger I wore a dress when I
jungle have all of these on that's cool
really nice material as well oh my gosh
it's by the brand cool in the Simpson
yeah Wow inside that's like your old
calendar you know your previous just
idlife calendar you can roll up the
sleeves and have it can you not wear it
inside out probably could yeah you can
book yet you do wear it inside out as
well it's reversible let's poke it over
there as well yeah yeah yeah it's got
yeah even better I was like it's quite
out there but if I don't buy it I'm
gonna really regret it because I'm never
gonna see it again oh wow
I like the branding caboodle the lady in
the shop was like oh it's such a good
magazine like I love all there I'd love
to do a magazine one day life said
biscuits all right we're gonna chill
hang out catch up and watch a movie and
that's why we've got the do me down here
on the sofa don't we Missy I'm just
gonna chill out we think we might go for
a Sunday roast later although we've just
put camembert in the oven that could be
our starter and yeah we might go out for
some diversity later kind of fell asleep
on the sofa for three hours tonight's
gonna be fun trying to get to sleep
instead of going out for a Sunday lunch
we ordered the dominoes which is naughty
but delicious
