good morning guys signed in we will have
an in lovely day last night I watched
three episodes back-to-back a prison
break and I've woken up first thing and
I'm just having to watch some more like
I'm literally so engrossed it's so tense
I'm only on season 3 I need to get out
of bed and go jump in the shower and get
ready for the day I can't stop watching
my voice also sounds really weird like a
some really really bummed up oh my gosh
oh my gosh southern crazy really just
happened and then it didn't my nose at
my face and everything is so so bugged
up from hay fever I need to need to get
out of bed and go take a hay fever
tablet but I don't want to I want to
carry on what your lives what are you
doing what are you doing that is not the
chewing is it that's a bit of wood from
the office floor you can't chew that
you're going to hurt yourself I'm in the
office this is day number 2 in the new
office and just probably edit another
vlog the battery on this camera is also
flashing like it's about to run at any
second now some speaking super super
fast today we've got an office dog here
I mean not an office dog we've got Nala
here but she's in the office so there's
one today she is technically an office
dog is that not gone in every office to
have an office dog just making sure you
guys can't see the addresses these are
some just some of the giveaways we've
been doing the PD match I would show you
inside this whoo it's all sealed now
we've got our jumpers and t-shirts and
you can see a pink t-shirt that slightly
in there and pop sockets and phone cases
all of that from the last couple of days
has been it's being taken off now to the
post office you see it doesn't happen
often but when it happens it really
really really happens when I sit down to
try and plan to think about how to
relaunch my pointlessblog channel I get
stuck in this loop I get stuck in this
cycle where when I'm sitting here
and I start thinking of so many
different ideas and different things
that I don't want to do on the channel
that hopefully lead to move things that
I do want to do on the channel and then
I think the things that I do want to do
on the channel and then I kind of tell
myself to do those things that I should
buy new cameras and this new camera
setup will be incredible does look
incredible but when that camera
equipment arrives in this new office
will it mean that I start uploading
again no have I currently what cameras
upstairs that I could already use to
start loading again yes do I want new
cameras to use to film on to start
loading again yes
I've let as I'm saying that dentist
unlike say no say no say no yeah yes yes
yes I do
either way that isn't going to affect
whether I make videos no I am very very
aware of that and as I sit down here so
many times in different places but it
feels more efficient this time it feels
more real with the fact that I'm sitting
in my new office
I forgot I was going to say it's got to
excited about my new office that's what
I was saying so often I sit down and I
think about these new videos these new
ideas that I've got and then it doesn't
bloom it happen how can i I'm stuck in a
rut I haven't uploaded on my principal
channel in six months my sims my gaming
channel all of that I'm confident that
that's going to be launched I'm scared
I'm genuinely scared that my I said only
there's no pressure because I upload in
this channel every single day but I feel
the pressure I feel the weight on my
shoulders from myself not even from you
guys it's gone past that for the first
month or two of not uploading it was
scary because you guys were all asking
me for the videos is composed by nobody
even asked me for videos anymore on that
channel I don't even see that in the
comments or anything because it's been
so blurry long no one expects it however
please can you provide move some tips
down below on how I can make myself
start filming videos from up where this
blog channel because I bloody want to do
it and I've got video ideas in my head I
just need to do it I've got I've got
such a thing in my head that when I
start uploading on this channel
again I don't want them to be a certain
way that I'm scared that if I stop
making them and they start going back
that way that I'm going to be annoyed
that I started making them again if that
makes sense I guess what I'm saying is
that I'm stuck I feel like I'm stuck
I've been stuck in this chair sat here
thinking about video ideas writing down
video ideas looking at blue mini
microphones as well
new things that we might find plugs into
to make the audio that new cameras new
lenses thinking about new memory cards
thinking about seating and the
background and have implants in short in
the video I'm thinking about everything
so much for these points blog videos
that I'm overthinking it and I just want
you guys to know that because I feel
like some of you think that I'm not
thinking about it what I am thinking
about it I'm overthinking about it which
is scaring me to do it if that makes
sense
you might relate in another way that you
could have the same situation with
handing in your noticing work you're
overthinking about handing in your
noticing work so much and quitting that
you're too scared to do it or breaking
up with a partner you want to break up
with your girlfriend your boyfriend but
you're scared to do it but you've been
thinking about how it's going to go so
much that's kind of the situation in it
I feel like um I feel like I've broken
up with you the audience for my
pointlessblog Channel and now I'm asking
you to to get back in a relationship
with me on that channel that's a weird
way of putting it that's a very very
weird work that's not how I feel I don't
know our blood here that table is solid
I want to start going again on my
father's blog channel I just don't know
when or how or what I'm going to upload
first and I know whatever I upload the
support is going to be phenomenal
because the support this channel is
insane and I know you guys are going to
go across and show the videos so much
now and I know everyone's going to be
excited but I think that's one's get
that's why I'm nervous is because
everyone is so excited looking forward
to be uploading again on that channel
that there's so much love that I'm
scared that I'm going to
be something that isn't going to be as
good I don't know I'm not scared of that
I don't know what I'm going to say in I
feel like I should set myself the task
of filming a video from my pointlessblog
channel you heard it right I put this
blog channel next week that doesn't mean
uploading next week that just means
filming next week I don't want to get I
don't want to be filming this week
because I'm still I'm still sorting out
with this office based on it and let the
film let me take you upstairs so I'm
going to give you the first unofficial
tour of this office let's let's kick it
off that way
so you come through the front door here
we've got some lovely little coat hanger
things that is not normally that I don't
know don't know why that's there this
section here isn't meant to have two
sofas as I said I've accidentally got
two sofas I'll tell you guys another
time got a little log burner some
shelves and stuff we need to get some
plants and some books a little a little
mirror a little dog bed knowledge
favorite bed this is where Joe sugg
lives in there that's Joe's bedroom
we've got the meeting table kind of vibe
in the middle don't really know what
that's doing there but we still really
need to organize a lot of this stuff TV
form got like meetings and stuff like
and I pull this out and like tilt it to
the right angle so we can show
presentations and things got all my
million facts on the wall we've got the
kitchen area we've got like a little
tree kind of thing in there
we haven't got a bin yet so that's my
bin what else we got the bathroom this
is a lovely bathroom in here look at
that very very nice
got my table tennis can you see my table
tennis table cause right there that used
to be my old office if you remember now
we go upstairs up here and we've got
three little rooms this is room number
one you've seen most of this we just got
like I mean I'm really finished with
like a dirty love that is don't look at
me don't look at that all of that is got
my big peepee lights got some gaming
stuff a couple of computer setups
this for planning videos and meetings
and stuff more planning stuff I mean
you've pretty much seen this room this
is just like the storage room kind of
thing got like a big old safety lock on
the
all my stuff safe and then this room
this is the final room this is going to
be the room where I relaunch
pointlessblog here this room the carpet
doesn't have to stay like I haven't
arranged this room at all yet also that
stuff I still need to all go through so
what I'm kind of thinking is I get like
a really nice little sofa my sofas
downstairs are way too big that's why
I've got two because one one's meant to
go in here but it's actually too big to
dine here so it's not going to go in
here anymore I'm going to I'm going to
get up in a small little sofa or
something maybe like an ottoman and I
think and I think I'm going to put it
like here then have like a nice little
rusty key background some real brick
coming out on the walls
I don't know basically this room this is
the room that is going to relaunch
pointlessblog
that's the order pressure is in that
room in there it's been a long day in
the in the pointlessblog office it's
been a long old day planning planning
planning planning packaging up merch
sending off merch editing the daily vlog
planning more stuff working on more
stuff and finally I can I can head out
the office I'm not being able productive
literally just wasting time I might as
well leave the office and head back home
I mean it is already five minutes to
8:00 in the evening so probably should
have run back home a little bit earlier
and I'm currently wearing socks and
sliders or wherever they're called these
little things super embarrassing but no
one's going to see me actually craft had
literally said that being serious and
then I realized that I'm filming it to
go on YouTube in front of like five
hundred thousand people great one Alfie
good one honey I'm home
magic I said that being serious but
what's they even from hello Oh
Publishing like a widow in the blog we
just been chilling up like half an hour
and we somehow haven't got much food
maybe she got no hold on this barking
making funny noises what boy says she's
having a poo or what you mean she's
having a poo basically we don't have
much food we literally have barely any
food Norwich we're actually busy we have
a lot of yogurts a lot of cheese and
cheesecake a lot of milk basically we
don't have any actual foods like dinner
tonight or any like probably vegetables
or anything so what we've done is we've
ordered a takeaway we're kind of not a
taker here is to take away and I'm going
to I'm going to go pick it up then I'll
jump in the width in the car or what
fashioned healthy getting on those
fashion Conde that that is mm I love a
black on black see you soon
farewell bloody heck oh it is raining a
lot I've got the car keys on me I don't
even know where I'm going you know I
need to try put into the Sat Nav or
something to see what I'm going if you
wonder why Zoe's not coming with me or
while we're not eating dinner out it's
because OE has been working today in
Northampton I believe Northampton yeah
that's where it was
which is like a two and a half three
hour drive away so she drove up super
early this morning had all her meetings
there and then drove with my back so the
last thing she wants to do is get in the
car because she's already been in the
car for like over six hours so I've
jumped in the car to go pick up the food
if I keep on vlogging I'm going to be
late and I also don't know I'm going so
I should try and concentrate and know
where I'm going well I just picked up
the food and let's just say that was a
lot longer than what a bloomin thought
to get here the drive and also it's
raining so much this is going to sound
stupid ly obvious to hopefully all of
you because if it's not obvious then
you're the person that needs to be
listening to this when it's raining like
the amount it is today tonight and
you're drivin hold onto your steering
wheel so tight we both have
oh my god I don't know what it's called
but the amount of time there was a big
water bills all I said about tongues
happened twice that there was really big
water builds up on the side of the road
and I'm not holding the we've got a
Range Rover search like a big second car
and even the car our car is like on like
one time life I wouldn't hold on tight
well you got thrown into the car like it
was like really really tense so make
sure you're holding on real hard guys
this is what I'm talking about look at
the portion of that chicken this looks
incredible
even Allah agrees look at what looking
at it she's like watching my food and
we're also watching love island
