someone I'm in a sleepy mornin are you
you having a lazy slow little morning
our freshly cleaned white sheets you're
going to get hair look at the Hat
already you're gonna get held over it
good morning guys good morning how you
do it I need to get my butt in the
shower I feel so gross if you saw
yesterday's vlog then you will know just
how much I sweated yesterday carrying a
ton of boxes fishing fishing not fishing
finishing off carrying all the boxes
into the correct rooms in the house but
one thing I didn't do which is kind of
gross
is that I didn't have a shower so any
camera shower now this morning to
freshen up it is Monday I feel good feel
alive I feel awake probably due to the
coffee
I also woke up pretty damn early this
morning I woke up at like 7 o'clock
let me show you a clip that I filmed
about an hour ago now you probably think
of what the heck is going on Alfie that
was a great clip great but did you
explain to nothing well in fact if you
had the tiny little noises coming from
the basement that was in fact somebody
installing and I'm so bloomin happy to
see this install in or Internet now I
spoke to him he's just left to go up to
another client's house and he's coming
back at lunchtime I spoke to him and I
said okay is it all done and he said
it's all done and ready like the
Internet on this side but now we need to
wait for somebody to press a button in
another office to fire the Internet to
your house but that haven't been done
yet and we're not sure that can be done
today I thought we were going to have
internet today I thought today was going
to be the first day that I can upload a
vlog from this house for the moment it
doesn't know like it is I mean this
little positive like everything is ready
to go we're just waiting on that one
person to press the button in the office
that woman that man and fire Internet to
the house and then we're all good to go
and we've got incredibly fast good
internet everywhere I've also just had a
crazy exciting parcel arrived that I
ordered two days ago charge me money for
like a minute now I don't want to waste
water after Unitec so I've just got out
of the shower I haven't put a top on yet
because
as I showed you a second ago this just
turned up today which I'm super excited
for I don't if you'll know or if I even
told you but when we moved house I
donated the majority of my clothes so I
literally over half my clothes to
charity because I just don't wear them
anymore and when they go to my wardrobe
I really want out I would rather have
much less clothes literally have like
five t-shirts or ten t-shirts and two
pairs of jeans one or two pairs of
shorts but absolutely love every single
item that I own and I just don't feel
like that and there's so many items in
my wardrobe that every time I see them
I'm like oh I do like that but I'm not
going to work today but I'm not going to
work today there's always I'm never ever
going to wear it so I might as well just
give it to charity somebody else can
wear it somebody else can love it and
that is what I did so two days ago I did
a big old shop on ASOS and I've ordered
tons of new clothes mainly t-shirts
because I literally number one I've gone
from a large to an extra-large and
number two because I don't have very
many t-shirts left book sizes I said I
just gave all my clothes to charity so
um so I got lots of new bits and also
this collection was really cool from
Urban Outfitters hashtag Urban
Outfitters pride and another one here
Urban Outfitters pride which I love and
even sneaky little pair of shoes
couldn't resist some OPA is coming over
any minute now and today actually
shouldn't even been to this house yet
today is today's the first day working
in the office as an office oh my gosh
I'm so really excited I'm so excited
we're just cracking on with some work
but I thought I'd quickly show you my
first addition to the new of this though
is just given me a zoella lifestyle
seaside strong room diffuser I'm pretty
sure this is my favorite one if I
remember correctly oh my gosh that
already smells so bloomin good I don't
know how I meant to do this I'm probably
doing this wrong and you're all going to
be like are you an idiot out beats your
girlfriend's product you don't even know
how to use it put them all in here and
then you just let them go
maybe even tip it upside down on do you
do that and now you do this perfect
little spot pop that there by the door
make the make the office smell delicious
I'm currently buying all of the office
essentials things like near FM
paracetamol washing cleaning products
and we now need some I've just ordered
plates and bowls online but what we do
need is a couple of pans look at the
items I've got 2 self scan guys 7
minutes to 7:00 in the evening and the
first working day is done it's over can
close my laptop let me show you some
little bits that we just bought for the
cupboards and the fridge and everything
Oh fridge that's pretty empty for the
cupboards and everything e cleaning
products some pans and pots why say some
for me to some little bits in here some
glasses and little bits up there neither
a little Bowl down there but of course
that's all just like that the
necessities the actual work that we've
got done was a lot today super super
productive which I'm happy about like a
now look who I get out come back on the
trampoline as you'll know the other day
was sure nice tryna learn a trick there
isn't actually to like I mean
individually it's not too hard but for
some reason together why is my hair
being annoying but for some reason when
you put the two moves together it's kind
of it's just tricky to land the move is
called a backdrop so this is this is a
backdrop onto your back and then you
just straight into a front flips you
don't let your feet touch you go over so
it's kind of like one and a half front
flips but off of your back
it doesn't sound very hard but to get
the rotation it's harder than what it
looks so let me put you guys down
somewhere I'm going to show you guys
what I can do so far and then hopefully
tonight we're going to learn it I don't
know we'll see let me is that all good I
think that's ok
oh my gosh that's closed no it's making
me feel so sick I've literally just
finished eating some pasta and having a
bottle of water and some reason some
reason I thought it'd be a good idea to
come on the trampoline
after eating which which it definitely
was in however that was the closest that
I've ever got to land in the trick like
my feet hit the ground or hit the ground
Oh honestly my feet hit the ground but I
just didn't stand back up that's back
when I was younger I used to literally
got my trampoline in the back garden I
got one for my birthday once when that's
probably like 12 years old and I used to
just go on it for like four or five or
six hours with friends non-stop well if
you wouldn't even have a break a set
from Forgetting like a drink or
something now I'll go on the trampoline
for five or ten minutes and I'm
knackered I'm like this and then if it
could be because I have just eaten but
honestly guys when you're young the life
you're watching this video and I sound
old for saying this I know I'm not old
myself I'm only 23 if you're below the
age of 18 or 20 enjoy the energy you got
because as I've grown up above 20 as I'm
21 22 23 my energy levels like doodlee
doodlee do probably because I don't do
any fitness anymore whilst growing up I
literally did every single sport you can
do competitively gymnastics football
whilst table tennis tour anything worse
than it running for a club I literally
did everything you can imagine for a
club every sport I was just so I was so
boring and active when I was younger and
now since I've been probably like 17
I've stopped doing everything and put my
time into doing this making videos I
blame you I've been you for watching
this video so many of you guys watching
the videos that I now put all my time
into this and not into my fit now don't
you perseus now I should actually start
up some more clubs I'm playing squash in
a couple of weeks I was playing squash
like three times a week at one point
recently I don't know all I know is a
bloody
mr. justice I need to get a drink going
to be the first person to have a drink
out of the new glasses cheers everybody
welcome to the new office hope you guys
are enjoying it we've got a lot of fun
stuff planned me and you watching this
video we can have a lot of blood good
times here I'm going to relaunch the
pointlessblog games channel I'm finally
going to relaunch pointlessblog the
original channel we're going to have a
lot of fun here we're going to have a
lot of fun a lot of crazy movements
we're going to get going to get some
cool stuff outside there and we're going
to get a lot of fun projects going we're
going to get a lot of good work done
here you see the thing when you're
cooking anything in a pack is it's too
tempting to treated like a pancake and
flip it literally I'm cooking salmon in
a pan and all I want to do is don't do
that
don't throw your salmon in the air
that's not how you could get I must also
say you know this little everything I've
showed you the other day on the blog
that we've got here this sucks
everything down into there it works
amazingly legit parts no salmon I'm
cooking salmon open like this recording
the smell in the kitchen that is insane
I get something
and all right hello oh you're calling me
from in the bedroom on the little iPad
thing this is grazie
hello sir earlier on I was trying to get
Zoe's attention issues upstairs and
obviously no home now
it being a lot smaller you could just go
Zoe and then she could hear and she
could reply and I'm like can you bring
this downstairs when you're next coming
down or do you want a cold drink or
something like that because the house is
bigger the ceilings are higher if I
shout a lot of shelters or anything like
five minutes and I was like why can't
you hear me because you just can't hear
me because the house like the ceilings
are high in the houses bigger and so as
I know we can just call it up on these
little screens you commish
audio only hello hello well I'm going to
come upstairs I'm gonna bring my dinner
up here in a second if you're wondering
why I've got no vegetables with
tonight's dinner it's because I wasn't
actually planning on eating this for
dinner and then I realized that the
salmon was about to go out of date today
so I am quickly switched up my dinner
and just have some salmon and rushed
into and forgot to cook any veggies look
at this that is just ridiculous
- literally ducked in you are the most
pampered pooch in London cheese chilli
and nothing all the drama
