coming in buzzy your mom if I come here
Marvin's I have been trying to trying to
get the dogs care to have a bark for the
last 10 minutes and every single time
the word bath is mentioned they just run
away you jump in there and I'll give you
some chicken oh no that's Nala where's
he gone come on come on mate first this
is the first time we're going to be
using the little dog washroom so he's
chasing him down the garden hello
fuzzy boys having a little shower I bet
he loves it because it's nice and warm
good morning beeps good morning we are
tackling tackling and tackling tackling
today the office were like get in there
emptying it all out and putting it all
outside here we've got downstairs pile
Zoe's office pile upstairs pile and then
gradually bit by bit we're carrying it
into the house and up to the corrector
room wherever the belongings belong it's
going to be a sweaty day a long day as
you've seen we've got mum here buddy boy
here and dad here I'm sorry dad that I
just said buzz receiver for you but um
that's what we're doing today
again there guys look at all of this
this is all for the house this is
artwork that's the Zoey's office there
wasn't meant to be two sofas here vaccin
Utley got to I'll explain why another
time
dad thinks that we're going to be able
to fit this up the stairs I've already
told you guys in the video I think we're
gonna have to put it through the windows
outside it's because it a lot of people
in comments then why don't we take it
apart it arrives together you can't take
this chair apart that's how it is I just
don't think you're going to fit the
bottom through there don't let them
don't listen today behind us don't
listen today right so now where are you
do it the district will get some major
static this is a hot guy that we're
there
brunette yay oh my god no way I cannot
even tell you our stretchy I am we've
still got quite some bits outside to
take up we've taken all of the reaso fit
up this is what's left to go downstairs
in the house this is what's left to go
upstairs in the house but oh my gosh we
need you there one more chair has been
one of those days
hey what was that song it's just one of
those days I might pause it watching on
the phone what was that song going back
in the day was like it's just one of
those days where I don't want to wake up
or whatever what is that song I don't
know comment it down below let me know
guys tweet me act like look at me
because sweaty I am it's ten minutes to
5:00 already ed to the vlog super early
this morning drove over to mom and dad's
uploaded it for this vlog even begun oh
my god I'm so sweaty we've literally
been carrying boxes all day ten minutes
to five we started at ten minutes past
twelve for five hours five hours
straight
we've just been carrying boxes mum and
dad have just gone going off to a
friend's to go for a drink they're
coming back I want to say 1/2 hour 6 or
7 o'clock with copying Sean for dinner
and a games night
shut up out me about moving and all
that's boring for the blog
give me some puppies give me some pugs
give me some dogs in the video lm8 a
buzzy boy you tired I was just going to
use you to excite my audience get some
views get that good thumbnail you know
of a cute little pug but instead you
just sleepy and you over there you even
more sleepy all on that note I should do
some flirting giveaways because I
haven't actually given any merch away
yet
so let me have a look I'm going to give
away what should I give away let me see
what you guys have asked for I'm going
to go on a peewee March Instagram now I
would love the iPhone 7 case or maybe
even a t-shirt thanks so much
Maggie Peterson you know what Maddie I'm
going to send you both on listen you're
not in seven case and well if you want a
t-shirt right I'm going to send you both
let me just quickly screenshot your
comment so that so that I remember I
guess a Karass I think it's Carrie spelt
with an X C X are our eyes then Karen
Alfie I love a pop socket or a phone
case for my new phone I'm prone to
dropping my phone so it needs some
protection look at the top corner of my
phone it's completely smashed itself
because dinner why this is the honest
truth I didn't have a pop socket on it
and I dropped it on the floor that's
right that's why you need a pop stop get
right Karis I'm going to send you some
stuff as well let's pick one more person
for today actually let's go into Phoebe
much Twitter and see his tweet in TV
much Gigi swifty Mary spy Rob I think
your name is Mary spiral and your
Twitter Nate's a swifty in it and you
know I love Taylor Swift as well oh my
god I want some please to a picture of
the wristband so you know what Mary I'm
going to send you some wrist bands as
well I've got a lot in office I'll send
you a ton of wrist bands like I said
guys I've got so much merchandise in the
office I want to give it all away to you
guys in the video so I leave a link down
to my merch down below if you want to go
check it out go for a PB match on
Twitter and Instagram and leave some
love in this video give it a thumbs up
comment down below
hélène I like 20 minutes into a 24
minute video of Sophia's which was the
god that we met the other day and hung
out with and we sent her a massive pass
of like tons of merchandise products
books things that aren't even out yet
and a memory card that camera an actual
part and an actual card and we're
watching her in her vlog now opening the
box and the parcel so here was a
nineteen thousand subscribers the other
day Zoey and I told you guys to go check
out a channel
she's now 55 hours various lines yes
55,000 so thank you so much for showing
us so much love as I said mum and dad
and poppy and Sean are coming over so
we've decorated without us a we as
though is decorated all at the table
this is offer proper big dinner in the
dining room in a bloomin dining room but
was on a dining room that's so weird
so weird to say and try and guess in the
comments down below you have 10 seconds
now to try and guess mentally or in the
comments what dinner we're having
tonight 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
what is that too long to guess ok well
I've given them even longer they're
never going to guess we're having a
wagamama take away mum no not mom and
dad poppy in Sean and driving I've just
ordered over the phone and Wagga members
but I thought I could pay for it on the
phone with my credit card I don't even
have a credit on my debit card turns out
you can so I just ordered a ton of food
for mum and dad for each for myself and
Zoe loads of starters and stuff and I
think paper over the phone so not only
is pop your pickins up but they've also
got pay for it now so thanks guys we're
making it at the table a nice and ready
for when you guys get over all the food
this is it everybody this is it once
they Allah I'm daddy here one of these
go upstairs done damn damn dad's bought
a bloomin archery set over going on yes
that is exactly what we need at the new
house you guys are the best
is it very nice thing every others are
worth yeah yeah
this is my pink fridge my often I'm very
angry oh it's not right could you put it
in the meeting room please yeah now we
just went pop in Toronto revival with
the food mum hasn't actually been
upstairs in the house since the day we
moved in so as I was just showing mum
round both the dogs are just chilling in
the kitchen and stuff
and I should just saw my mom and dad
arrived dad brought over before dad
bought the bow and arrow game which we
actually bought for when we were done
and we get a bit carried away here we're
not that good you're not we went when I
can't even speak when we went away at
new year's remember I got crazy older I
was littering bed for like seven or
eight days we em we took this along that
I bought just before we went it ended up
being dad and Shaun playing most of it
because as I said I was literally in bed
but I played one game you were very good
and I won later boy yes I did it do you
know how I won because I was the only
one actually hit the target that was it
that's how bad we are they're just the
winner this is how bad we are the tops
of the arrows came off without bad we
were just like missing so we're playing
here
obviously we're being super careful
we're not clinging to the bushes or
anything in the both the dogs are locked
inside we're going to play from here
we're aiming for that target on the tree
down there nice and low so it doesn't go
into someone else's property
that's not what you meant to do lemon
tree and then smashed into the wall at
least we know it doesn't go through the
wall which is good the distance what I
had you do it with Trent if your left or
right-handed I'm right-handed then yes
your left I do it the other way look I
do it the other way around
yeah yeah that's really why you hit a
wall well we'll see how good you are
then shall we
wasn't do that did it miss yeah misses
on the floor there we didn't even reach
the target did it alright yours read
over the Blumenthal you hit the tree you
hit the balls I'll give you a hundred
quid
alright power though now all of our
arrows are like slap me oh well we fit
like so wool true
oh there was miles away
that was so glazed in the mud and hit
the mud underneath
I didn't even reach it again it was like
so close
I didn't probably Sean here I can hear
their car didn't reach the car alright
you wait my next one is honestly gonna
hit the target rubbish didn't even rate
complete rubbish here we go
100 pound if you hit the target well I
know you won't make the target or
definitely the target I know you won't
not bad not bad
you hear it did you hurt yourself oh my
god why you were loved that hurt my arm
so much mister wobbler yeah yeah we're
done
we'll pull it further away from you know
like this I'm using it off the crossbody
he's still going to miss hours Ben no
don't blame the arrows whoa
yo yo yo yo okay that was good that was
the one after the hundred pound offer as
well too late John dang it the 100 pound
off they look like bloomin did to my arm
washed it all up look at that red mark
oh oh I nearly washed it
alright this the last what do you like
that yeah five eight
oh not bad that world would as well and
this last one doesn't even have a head
on it I mean it won't hit the board mate
so either way you might as well do it
all aiming for the sky that was your
closest one yet
hey he's come to join in with the bow
and arrows oh look at that hour in the
board row yeah that's me no come back
there yeah putting on my little my
little shoe things
Shawn's having a quick go the food is
here yeah this is the perfect place no
holy God this is a perfect place because
then if it hits the gate it doesn't go
through got it in the pen
dad hit the fence we didn't go in oh
pretty close you know oh my gosh
this looks incredible
you want me to Maine I did tell you by
accident or the only thing the only
negative or positive positive you get
two dinners negative you have to pay for
both for them to be on your foot right
upstairs in the office guys today or
tomorrow view is the first day working
in the new office I completely forgot to
end the vlog yesterday so I'm ending up
here thank you for watching thank you
for joining me my family on such a fun
day I hope you enjoyed it if you did
give it a thumbs up subscribe if you
already and I'll em see ya see you in
the morning
