good morning everybody
good morning welcome to a new vlog even
though a vlog every single day today is
like a proper gray miserable day which
makes me so happy because it has been so
hot recently in this house is cool and
there's no Sun yeah right now it looks
like it's so dark in this room that it's
actually 9 o'clock in the morning so
it's just made me breakfast in bed
so Marmite crumpets I haven't had
crumpets since I used to go to my friend
Morgan's house that's why I used to have
every morning at his school yeah as a
snack I love them I'm so used to always
make a scone bit I wasn't sure if you
would want Marmite on them or not yeah
right again yes I'm going to eat my
breakfast I'm going to read did you just
get full Suva what did you even trip on
oh well so I should warn you I've
somehow messed up my ankle
so I don't know what oh wow it's quite
bright now and you've open those I don't
know what effect that's going to have on
my day or how much is going to hurt me
but last night I woke up and non-stop in
the night every time I turned my foot to
this light to the AH to the left my left
foot if I turn it to the side to the
left to the left
it hurts so bad but mostly because I
just walked to go over to the toilet for
away didn't hurt at all so walking seems
fine it's just kind of when I'm laying
down which is weird anyways I don't know
I'm going to read some YouTube comments
from the new vlogs and look at you in a
minute I'm not getting my breakfast
having a lovely day is Saturday for me
it's Sunday for you having a lovely
Sunday or actually it's 5 p.m.
like you say lovely yes I'm all right no
I don't say that him all right oh I hope
you had a lovely weekend let me know
what you got up to so he's having a
proper cleaning morning
no I like this one it's nice and
something to get stuck in because we've
got this conservatory thing there are a
lot of flies they get stuck in here and
then sadly die and just fall on the
floor I think it's like fly season at
the moment no I'll trap it put it
outside when you move into a house
that's just had a ton of work done on
that everything gets so dusty for a
couple of weeks like the builders and
everyone warned us that like to be
prepared for all of the Ducks to just
fall over everything for a couple of
weeks we didn't really believe that and
then it doesn't look too dusty like in
the vlogs have only be like yeah when
they're not right and walking around
them right it's not very dusty though as
you thought these things this is not
sponsored these are dry dusting crops I
love how I even have to say they're not
sponsored this is not sponsored this is
the first time we're using them and
they're like yeah and we prove it as
well they're like really weird sensation
I kind of don't really like touching
them much yeah yeah nice that's what it
is
and it basically clips through the dust
and whenever you put it on some bed but
there's a work surface is that we
haven't been thinking about oh that's
not I thought how can you really dusty
up here right he's not at all it's like
the stairs and like the bit down here
Hey that's one step one part of that not
even a whole step there's a great fine
some dust I don't know where's oh he's
dusted unless she hasn't yeah
oh look at this no wait see if you can
spot something that the builders have
left
it's pretty discreet they missed it
themselves
no it's from high to low oh my god the
masking tape they left a piece of
masking tape when they were painting
that's so funny on the wall all the way
down girls get it off I left a few
nothing that we so pleasing just it
really gently oh you just caught me
taking off my masking tape from tasting
how Alki oh my gosh that looks so good
that fun that's why I left it for you
today
Zoey also bought this the other day in
it right this morning so as you come
through our front door so he's got this
cute little thing now it's like golden
glass it was things put shoes on
implants I really like it good job good
job Zoey still edit of law
very showing at me to come and look down
in the basement we've got a loo tumble
dryer and a new washing machine
oh my bloody god yeah lately we've
always had a washer and a dryer in one
but now we've got one of each so we can
wash clothes and dry clothes at the same
time problem in great is that
I know amazing because ever comes up
that is actually the goal though you
know that sure than the other day short
of 40 or under on his Instagram story
said something like the goal is to have
his own tumble dryer or something
because they were at a dry cleaning
place like sitting and waiting for it to
dry so I'm going to take that out and
put that in after and then put this in
there the shrink oh they'll be fine
we're trying to narrow we've got to
learn and wait yeah but you know your
home's going off yeah and they dry oh my
gosh like proper dry I think a hard it
is to dry towel as well compared to dry
like a tisha your yeah this is my
favourite one I prefer more rough towel
was oh he's got really really soft no no
he's got super soft towels well I prefer
much more rough ones I think it's
because I'm hairy we've got some new
little plants put in even a blooming
tree the front lever alt some was left
there they're little whatever they're
called if pieces
threw off for a couple of jobs today
we're often pets at home to go and buy
nada nada nada
neither a new little bed we are also
featuring this car so very high up we
are also off to my mum and dad's two bit
canal her up because she stayed there
last night and I also need to upload the
vlog from mom and dad's because we still
ain't got internet so got a couple of
jobs oh he also wants to go to a plant
shop I don't think we're going to ask
realistically be able to do that one
today do you think plant shop no but
I've heard about like I really want to
go there and just have to go to homage
what's that we can always plan to go to
the pawn shop another homage about Seven
Dials that shop we've never been in the
house shop okay let's do that before NAR
with that okay yeah let's do that first
of course she's gonna it's raining today
she's going to bring on it wet feet into
the shops and make everyone muddy let's
do that first then here we go pets at
home that's cool isn't it to the guinea
just one little guinea hey boys and
girls hey I really want to straighten
them all by the graph it's most extra
animal II I think it's because it the
weekend you get all the families coming
in with their new pet oh yeah Doc's just
we everywhere don't they in here
knowledge new bed coming MA did your mom
wants more yeah should we get some
called in max
this is cool guys you put your hands
inside it like this and then you join a
dog with it like this I'm calling
collars and bandanas we've gone oh sold
out we still get some little mats though
there is looking at the adoption there
he is a fluffy one is me
it looks so old look at your boy
I love the rabbits how they just lay
outside the same size as Nala look at
the other one we've been a mom and dad's
for like half an hour and knowledge been
missing for like ten minutes
good she's in here you in here sleeping
you tired the guy really is your
favorite bed is gonna put all your toys
in there mate
look is Leo tail look at them all oh
 what you put your PIN nope
what's this one God make you ever drink
the favorite you have to do them so you
can get them out because you get some
out just right at home we kind of bought
a lot of new plants a lot of new plant
crops and also new bed for Nala she
loved it so much she doesn't really know
what to make of it
doesn't really know what to do with it
Nicole do these plants that we just
bought just been sitting down here my
laptop to the past like half an hour so
knowledge snuck off she's been on a new
bed good girl
are you loving your new bed you loving
it all she's even bought a little toy
over that makes me so happy that she's
already loving a new bed right so he's
just finishing her bath upstairs and I'm
making us dinner tonight
I'm tired today I didn't need get I
don't know if I've told you guys but I
hurt my foot yesterday
I did something do it yesterday whilst
carrying all the boxes and sorting out
the office and it's just been playing up
so bad because I was awake so many times
in the night from leaning on it or
turning it really really hard to the
kept on waking me up in the night so I'm
pretty sleepy today just because I've
barely because I didn't really get that
much sleep because I was awake so much
time to get this chicken on come on
focus focus your back there we go we got
some peace some carrots so much potato
pizza lots of chicken
quinoa and brown rice gin and tonic
we're going to sit down on the little
bar and the eyelet there's even a little
rabbit jump around the bottom of the
garden gum um it's going to get cold
half past ten
we've literally just been chilling out
laying in bed watching watching
Glastonbury this evening kind of jealous
of everyone is there Jo's there at the
moment and he's based on just evidential
on us is like yet style tent kind of
thing he said it looked insane kind of
wish I went now it looks so so get just
sitting down to get some ice cream the
so-called zone take on the day
enough the package in this is pistachio
which is my favorite flavor and Zoey
want some Mars bar and I kind of did
that thing again and my camera did that
thing again where I didn't focus focus
kind of did that thing again I forgot to
end the vlog also about half that tub of
pistachio ice cream I was this close to
just being that script I'm going to be
half of that it may as well eat it all
but then the only thing that stopped me
eating it all is the fact that if I edit
or than I wouldn't have any left for
another time and honestly
seshu ice cream is my favorite ice cream
that was the best seshu ice cream
therefore the best ice cream I've ever
eaten
honestly not honestly out of any places
that had an ice cream even like a scoop
of ice cream anywhere in the world that
statue ice cream was the best I've ever
had
and anywheres from Zoey bought it it was
from one of the supermarkets as you saw
um currently editing up the vlog with my
little doggies I hope you enjoyed it if
you did give it a big ol thumbs up damn
you sir then that bass SAFF I can't
speak give the video a thumbs up if you
would like to oh I need to pick three
people completely forgot because I
didn't
hagh oh my gosh I need to pick three
people to win the iPhone the PB Murch
iPhone giveaway okay I'm going to tweet
out the winners today I will tweet the
winners up today today go over to my
Twitter at pointlessblog
and I'll and I'll let you know the
winners on my Twitter because I haven't
got them now and I need it in a blog
books I'm currently filming a pic if you
enjoyed the bill give a thumbs up don't
forget to subscribe we are so close to 4
million subscribers on this channel that
is in sane and we're also so close to my
new office being ready to actually be
used as an office not just as like
storage I'll catch you tomorrow I see in
the morning good night guys
hi
