good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it is actually it's not the morning I
woke up today before 8 o'clock like
before 8 o'clock in the morning and I've
been working all day on the phone and
sorting out stuff so I haven't even
started my vlog yet but it's actually
about 1 o'clock lunch time though an
idea something very exciting we're
making up a little bit Eastern s9j great
package to sensitive ears hotel so so
there is the Galvez or yesterday's vlog
that we hung out with and we had such a
lovely time and she was so inspirational
that we we just wanted to send her a
little like never thank you thank you
and just a little although this basket
is really big Sophia if you're watching
this please don't feel like you have to
keep this basket I understand you cannot
get this home I is flying to New York
Sophia's flying to New York tomorrow and
we're well aware that we bought a basket
that's pretty big to filling it up with
not and honors toys not that stuff this
open up and show what's in here one of
these one of these we're going to give
you knowledge like a real mixture of all
the things I brought out so fragrances
are tearing the hungry hands hansung
because it's winter there now oh yes
winter in Australia gingerbread and for
gingerbread challenger which was like
everyone's phase a little soap opera
which is in the new side and one of the
new bags no soap to needed and some
pencils
the secret Center because it's like for
loads of the little mini so I think
they're perfect travel and notepad
perfect for traveling and then when we
were with her she was vlogging as I said
she has a YouTube channel herself but
her camera ran out of memory and she
didn't have enough memory card so we am
but at the biggest memory card you can
possibly buy in Brighton and the best
speed and the best everything so pop
that in there as well and we've got a
little card yeah I need to pop before we
should have put yourself in Fair Play
alright let me put my shoes on
yeah yeah should we both give her
something there isn't even out yet I've
got two copies like literally the option
to put my shoe on then I can't do it
yeah I've got two copies guys you can't
even see me I've got two copies over
here and I still haven't even proper
what I don't even know if I'm going to
get in trouble for doing this I could
give her one of these Zoe like these are
the first to ever copies printed of this
book like they are not out yet they're
not oh no I'm not allowed to bloom and
show you when we're doing Phil I should
just do that I thought I mean who else
yes Sophie if you're watching please
don't show anyone was inside we know you
can't pull me up people I see the front
cover they chose the wrong cover okay
and here we go we're just going to do it
we're going to put the new book it it
doesn't even ask not even out for ages
oh yeah in sight okay right I'm going to
go to my office Zoe if you've got my
keys I'm talking over to my office all
ill update my trellis in down here's
will coming along as you saw in
yesterday's video I've got a ton of
Phoebe merch in my office
let's pop upstairs oh god I closed with
the blinds it's dark in here
there's so much the to solve and over
there there's things that aren't even
out yet as well I'm gonna put you guys
down there
let's see what we can give four little
bracelets what size of this large that's
what a bit too big medium jumped up
perfect this is all brand-new by the way
I've just taken out the packaging a
pointlessblog necklace I'm pretty sure
she has an iPhone 7 plus because I got
it mixed up with Zoe's phone at one
point one of each of my core my iPhone
cases a thug life immediately share
let's throw in a couple of books as well
well let's book one and point two split
to that is a damn lot of merchandise I
mean such a demented I think it's
because it's not as hot I didn't ever
think I would say I'm enjoying the
weather more because it's not as hot but
honestly the last week has been so hot
like 34 degrees at some points that is
just like I wasn't ready for
- sweaty into uncomfortable but now
today it's been raining this morning and
now it's just nice and warm let's see
what the active weather is what's the
weather today okay 22 in general today
has been one of the most productive days
since I've moved into this house but for
the blog it hasn't seemed so productive
it hasn't been so productive but I've
got a lot of good stuff done a lot of
good stuff planned
are you starting it all again this is
the final package nervously this is fill
up as well this here is not out yet
you're not allowed to see that guys and
also this is not out yet so you're not
allowed to see that there's two
exclusives this Yule thing yeah we'll
know why
Oh
you
how's it going enjoy your music music ha
ha
so is currently this is Zoe's office
floor upstairs can I show you them can I
not show you them then my god I can only
show you this room I'm also going to
speak incredibly loud otherwise I'm
going to get copyrighted in the video
it's going to get taken down I'm only
luxury this room there's other rooms as
well and I get this little one Hey
just go into bed I've got a little Percy
with us giving them lots of attention at
the moment making a right old mess
there's little corner and for know you
can record your little brother you can
make it extra care since I what the cell
is that you don't want any corn
interested you want a big fresh corn
they don't yes he's a person same for it
oh look at him
the mouse or my favorite thing
honesty is teeth haha you see them we've
got so many builders electricians
internet people in our house that have
snuck off to the office
I've been unboxing stuff in the office
for the last 45 minutes oh my gosh hello
because this may look like my breakfast
but this is actually this is actually my
lunch I did warn you guys that I'm
obsessed with Snickers ice creams I just
finished my lunch with Zoey and I'm kind
of already having a Snickers for dessert
I've got a dessert for my lunch
oh my god holy crap nice check out the
size of this bloody spider that was just
on me although they look small in here
they looks small on the camera but in
real life I cannot even tell you oh my
god that freaked me out let's carry on
the time-lapse oh my gosh
this is going to sound crazy but I just
have too much far far too much PB
merchandise in this new office like an
even all of the merchandise that is sold
on the greatest door is shipped from
this big big warehouse I've been there
before I've met all the employees that
do the shipment I've even blogged being
there but for some reason I thought it
would just be smart order a ton of there
I didn't realize how much was all around
to my office and occasionally send some
orders myself and give them out on
Twitter and give them out in videos and
stuff like that just like just this one
boxes for the gray look at all of this
according to a little heavy that is
that's not even including all of these
boxes on the shelf also full of
merchandise I'm not going to bother
sending this back to the warehouse that
would just be silly so what I'm going to
do now it's literally here in my office
is I'm just gonna have to do a ton of
giveaways and I hope that's ok with you
guys because I don't want I literally
can't have this much merchandise in my
office so if you want so much go for a
PB match from Twitter PB match on
Instagram and I'll do a ton of giveaways
I'm going to be giving away sort of like
literally I have sold hundreds of pieces
of merchandise
I'll give it away will ever come to your
phone wherever you are around the world
go follow PB murk like some of the posts
comment on some of the posts and just
just watch the space over there because
I'm going to get to do a lot of
Giveaways because I don't know what else
to do I haven't got enough family
friends I've literally got like hundreds
and hundreds of merchandise here this
room is gradually getting there we're
getting there we're getting there
there's so much stuff for charity like
boxes and boxes and boxes of stuff that
is going straight to charity oh my gosh
I haven't shown you fully around the new
office but the manic but one thing we do
have is a plenum nothing
in now is a bloody massive attic space
look look at the size of this I've been
sweating out oh can you help me
you got it
look how much dr unbox this is all just
rubbish
that's impressive isn't that like eight
bins yeah but you're not allowed to know
why it's for a future video I haven't
quite finished by any means I also
haven't from any time lapses or anything
I've just been to in the zone no good hi
China wait when you get intro from opus
no oh my run off or in dimension exactly
bought this ages ago yeah
she liked it so good oh my gosh I'm like
I don't even know if you can see in the
camera sweaty I am I'm like I'm so
sweaty it feel like like you're really
now getting there the only issue is one
slight issue is that my chairs that I've
got a too big to fill out the stairs so
I'm going to have to put them through
this window somehow I need to buy like a
ladder or rent a ladder and put the
chairs through the window you might be
that window Oh No
and then if they'll fit through the door
frames this is all charity in here all
of that stuff so charity shops are gonna
have a lot of fun gadgets this room is a
little bit done I don't want to show too
much in my vlog I do want to show I want
to show you those property once it's all
done it's cool isn't that yeah oh yeah
that's kind of that's not that's not my
YouTube stuff this is for if you wonder
why have this many X boxes I've been
collecting really old beaten up Xbox
360s for quite a while now because when
I was younger I was obsessed with I
still am with Halo 2 and halo 3 and my
friends like we used to all get together
most weekends and just play for like 10
hours straight I would all take our Xbox
as no TVs around one or friends mostly
Jays house so thanks cheers mum if
you're watching Becky with each second
Xbox and the TV round to chase house at
eight of us or twelve of us with and 16
of us connect them all together and just
play all night for the whole week
and so I've been collecting super
Beechnut old but still working Xboxes
for ages and Halo 2 and halo 3 is a
modern warfare 2
and then I'm going to host like a big
lamb night for all my all my old school
friends once I've got I've got a Xboxes
so that's good I've got 800 - 800 there
is 8 modern warfare twos
I just need 8 monitors now like 8 TV
screens and have a good gaming session
like we used to do in this room is the
least police ready run school up there
isn't it yeah it's so big that's it
that's all I'm going to show you I'm
going to carry on unpacking I'm not
committed to a date but all I'm saying
is that once this is already the gaming
channel was going to launch again the
points blog channel is going to launch
again and then we're going to get it
back in the swing of things
it's your chance oh yeah producing
little shelves there little plants oh
I've got my big plants next drawing
stuff and then all of the downstairs
mess which you're about to see now isn't
actually from the office like all of
this
that's all house belongings so this
weekend we're going to take all of this
out and unbox it into the house and then
my office is done then I need only I
cannot wait to be using this well I
haven't had an office I was chatting to
Zoey earlier so I can actually haven't
used an office properly for what an
office is for for like probably nearly a
year now you know I don't know how much
we've told you about a moving process
but as Owen I thought we were moving
house way sooner than what it actually
happened so my office in town I
completely packed up and then we didn't
end up moving for like 3 months later so
I couldn't use my office in town for a
good 3 or 4 month because I packed it
all up into boxes waiting to move into
here and then that got delayed and that
didn't happen so therefore I had no
office so I haven't actually used an
office and I didn't go for an I didn't
go to my office for a while before
so probably like eight months or so I
haven't had an office so this this is
going to be a game-changer
starting Monday we're risking it and
having dinner in here today I don't know
if this is a good idea on the new carpet
just woken up on the sofa after like a
two-hour nap I feel naked like you know
when you wake up from a nap and normally
you feel like really bad and I almost
hung over I don't I don't feel like that
at all and you know you wake up from a
nap and you feel really wide awake after
your sleep I don't feel like that I feel
really good they're just so so sleepy
like so tired I was meant to pick up
Nala for mums an hour ago
and I'll buy them to sleep on the sofa
mum mum did text earlier saying if you
want now let's do a sleepover I'm happy
that you can pick up in the morning or
you can pick up tonight and I was like
no don't worry
I'll pop over and pick her up tonight
what even asleep I feel like it's beyond
sleep like a literally an exhausted
okay
