good morning guys good morning hey Jen
hope you're having a lovely day we've
just had a food shop delivered and there
is a lot of stuff a lot of other stuff
to unpack this is on security so long to
unpack we are going to play mini golf on
which I love I let you play that the
other day we're going to meet a viewer
come on Sofia and her mum to say Sofia
yeah hey Sofia Sofia Alaska which one
drive I think it's Sofia Sofia Sofia so
Sofia is doing a trip around the world
at the moment I believe she lived in
Australia and it's from one way over
always great weather for it yeah I know
it should come look perfect time and
she's going through an incredibly tough
time at the moment and so and I just
said yeah let's hang out let's meet up
let's go play crazy golf and then trying
brighten up your day right after day in
France writer with the bright Sun
so that's the plan for today that's what
that's what we're heading now now you
bring sunglasses and be you
we finally arrived at the beach I'm so
excited number one to meet Sofia and her
mom and her dad and have a fun day
number two to play the crazy golf this
is literally my favorite thing to do
so when Zoey and I got in touch with
fear over emails and over Instagram and
stuff like that this is the spot we had
to come from so happy that she's stopped
off on that trip around the world in
Brighton
oh I should avoid a little wind fluffy
thing but my camera didn't bring one I
like this stuff
no darn true endure all the wind go in
let's blame the wind come on you got
there you've got there yeah yeah go for
the hole very secretly been practicing
for this a week ah okay oh it's gonna
come back buckles are in the same area I
know what's just happened I know is the
last Navy one you spit the ball so hard
that it came up here went through the
top of the fence and now have all stuck
outside so I always have to get a new
one we agreed very well shoot you were
gone so that counts as a hole-in-one
that was the best shot today gentle this
time perfect
that's it Oh nearly a hole-in-one no way
is running or not does that count good
at Thank You Man
they get almost all in one that's why
you don't try to film doing one-handed
there we go okay we've got to live up to
this now Alfie come on
I'm added up all the result yeah in last
place with 59 yeah
Alfie yeah better I'm cheering now in a
second place your first place first
place we're 52 is Zoey 55 oh I never win
critical well done I was so yeah we were
just chilling hanging out after me
losing that game of crazy golf well yeah
you never lose anything but you I do I
do
we all just hanging out chilling on the
beach and family with her as well
they've come over from Australia we've
just found out that Sofia also makes
YouTube videos I don't have one on me
usually other stuff forgot my wallet
today so lovely going to hang out and
play crazy golf and stuff and I haven't
actually checked out Spears channel yet
I didn't know cheddar you guarantee she
already has 20,000 subscribers if you're
watching this and you want to go follow
and find out and look in just a beard
story and what he's up to
I'm going to leave a link down below go
check it out guys I'm going to subscribe
myself I'll leave her Instagram and
things as well down below and we'll get
a grab and ice cream and then we'll get
out
so then head back home and she's
chilling on the beach bitch is off to go
and get some ice cream as well now I
will need technology mum and dads we've
got nodded off this morning
and dad's house I'm sorry give me that
was so fun as you know every single day
we come to still internet for mum and
dad's or friends or family in Brighton
today we're only my mum's bleed in the
house you're charging me for your
internet I have to pay mum's internet
bill now just to upload no jaqen for
Zoey's going to edit and upload and vlog
I'm editing about to upload a vlog I've
got these I don't even have now to show
you but these are live this morning
literally haven't even opened it yet
this is the first copy the first I have
a copy of the new book which I'm excited
have a look at we just ordered some
healthy food and we've got a ton of
tired different juices I just ordered as
well guys she's sleeping on the edge in
the kitchen hey baby hey Missy let's
stay there and you know you chilling out
in the shade sit nice and cool she's
been laying here for the last 1/2 now
their little head on the edge just
resting over you protecting us more the
birds and all the gaps and stuff this is
not the sign that you want when you're
not at home and you're uploading a blog
from somebody else's house I haven't
even got my charger with me I've got 5%
laptop drives left and 8 minutes to go
left uploading if my laptop runs out
charge now unless you didn't order what
didn't what I did because I'd have to
drive all the way home to get my charger
but then even know whom we don't have
internet that's why I'm here so I have
to drive back here and then my vlog be
Lakes it's already 2 minutes to 4 on a
positive note lunch was delicious
this juice is really really good today
is being good in general point is not
game yes Alexa Alexa
doing so Anna in Morton it's 23 degrees
ah ha ha ha I like it
if you don't know you solder are you
subscribed to pointlessblog vlogs not
sure well you should be so we got back
from mom and dad's van hour ago maybe
two hours ago and got some sad news guys
little Pippin the guinea pig has them
but they say like that was dead he's
passed away when we got home here we
don't really know why he just looked
like he was sleeping on his side I
thought he was asleep when I came in and
I was like oh he looks really like a
sleep and then me now feel both just
like that's not me it's because he
wasn't asleep like he normally does
which is just like normal I values
asleep it's like color yeah flat when
they sleep he was asleep on his side
like properly on her side
yeah so a.m. he was they weren't too hot
like a fair so that oh my god maybe he
overheated but they're inside that
inside guinea pig so I mean it it would
make sense if their hatch was outside in
direct sunlight but they were in the
coolest room of the house the water
bottle wasn't heart like yeah the cold
water they were in the show you know any
side you just attack or I mean we don't
want to try and guess I know but I can't
help guessing I'm just like I wonder
what was wrong with him we didn't know
like he was fine this morning he was
eating a you were feeding him not eating
it cause and everything this morning in
danger yeah
but anyways he's um he's no longer with
us guys so we've just was just buried
him mum and mum came over and we put him
in a little box and we put lots of nice
what's the stuff called people in the
box just it's like shredded paper some
nice little colored shredded paper and
we dug a hole in the garden and buried
him so I try to update you guys I'm
still gonna try it
hi yeah he was three and a half like I
thought in my head like guinea pigs live
longer than that and I guess sometimes
they can but sometimes my kid like
anything for four lasted four years so
yeah maybe it was just his time yeah
right it's not really sad that what
yeah of course you are yes you said they
had a great knife whilst he was there
doesn't matter how long he lived he had
a great life whilst he was here yeah the
biggest bloomin pen you can possibly get
hanging out with his brother all day and
hanging out with Nala so he had a good
time hanging out with Nala wasn't his
favorite it was he did like it he did he
was actually more adventurous in Pippin
whenever we got no an origin person
whenever we got them both out hit him
with the one that would would like walk
around party just is not yes he's more
just like scared of what's going on but
pip was the little adventurer he had his
little black Pat's about me but on his
ear and then known as blocking me him I
loved him he was just like fluffy and
cute and remember when he was in the
shop I was like I can't leave him and I
we sat in the car and I cried I didn't
want to leave him in a pet shop mm-hmm
mystery and I was like so we can't get
and we can't get a guinea pig you like
I'm not leaving too so we went back and
bought him but we're not gonna we're not
going to let this isn't a downer we
don't want anyone to be upset
exactly you have to celebrate the time
that he was here so we still wouldn't
have a happy uplifting positive fun rest
of the day but we try and have every
single day in life you just have to take
every single day as an individual day
and make sure you're having as much fun
and doing everything that you love doing
every single day finding the positivity
in any situation there will always be
something positive yeah and Sophia was
the best example of that ever ever like
meat and Sophia today yeah amazing
amazing lucky and I'm gonna go get the
pool I've just got my trunks on I'm
going to take Nala with me
I think Nora also knew because as soon
as we got home and we found out that
that he wasn't alive anymore we could
see him I came into the kitchen trying
to find something nice to put him in to
bury him and
stood by the front door and Nala was
just laying on the floor next up next to
their cage it's almost like nyla knew
that she was at lay in their eye wisdom
yeah yeah crap look come on mister
you're coming through in you know I'm
like I just need to know the cameras if
you feel me just run and jump in but we
all know how to specify and reward down
be careful because it's not a deeper
soup no no no oh no it isn't oh my god I
can't even tell you how warm that water
is it's literally just cooking in the
Sun all day and tons of you guys have
been commenting telling me that if we if
we put black bin liners all on top of
the water the black absorbs the heat and
heats up water really really fast but
identified actually even want the ball
to any hotter than it currently is
otherwise it won't be that refreshing
like at the moment it is like the
perfect temperature it's been quite some
time since since the last filmed a blog
clip we've kind of seen the whole
evening just in our underwear
well it's just in my boxers and zones
just in Bourne knickers because it was
so damn hot so we like cooking dinner
eating dinner and they really want to
lock us both up still now just work my
boxes and so I thought so they wouldn't
put that stuff online but my eyes have
just not been nervous we're upstairs in
the house is worse than downstairs Mihai
XIV is like is so rich in so irritating
apparently I've seen comments from you
guys down below telling me that if I eat
honey from the area that I live that I
spend more time that that be made from
pollen and this might not be true let me
know down below if you do not tweet me
or something
your intro that is made from the pollen
that is from the plants in the area that
are affecting a fever and therefore it
doesn't affect me as much I don't know I
have no idea all I know is that if I
don't put these eye drops in soon my
eyes are just going to cry just go to
water
yeah now for my loose spring snow from a
fever tablet all set sets it's not
acceptable engineer ing whilst my briefs
cleaner is doing its thing and clean
them abrasives I'm going to end the vlog
here I hope you've enjoyed it as a super
special day today yet hang out Sophia
and have a ton of fun I get to meet her
only a family and stuff and get kids
footage a litter as I said before she
does have a youtube channel myself Zoe
and my mum watched one of our videos
earlier on today which was her story
about her so far she's gone through my
mum got super emotional she is so brave
and inspiring and positive and happy and
smiley it it's infectious it's inspiring
it's amazing to go check everything she
does super sad news about Pippen
obviously and we're just going to make
sure all that we have lots of fun
cuddles and look after party as much as
possible right now because obviously
it's going to be go from hanging out
picking all the time to being by himself
and that is valid it for the vlog I'm
going to end it here if you enjoyed it
give it a big ol thumbs up cuz I'm alone
let's see how many we can get if you saw
yesterday's vlog you'll know that I'm
giving away 3 PB iPhone cases I'll
announce tomorrow if I remember the
winner from yesterday's vlog if you
haven't seen it go check it out and my
arm is a component camera i'll catch in
the morning didn't I subscribe if you're
not already baked bye bye
