so he woke me up this morning with an
iced latte in bed if that's not the
girlfriend goes and I don't know what it
is what's happened guys Oh melon look it
is I might left my car windows open for
a couple of night by left his car
windows open and a bird has gone in
there no I don't think he came in a bird
is all inside his window all on his
passenger seat why is it me because
you're the one that left your window
open did eyes the biggest bird ever seen
yeah oh yes then either I can I reckon
that's a buzzard oh nice a big let's get
him on down there
No so he's scraping all off the seat
right passed around the walls
ask your wife where are the wipes see
this is why you shouldn't believe it
this is well thankfully oh my gosh I've
been looking for this camera for like an
hour literally like an hour I left it in
the blooming car when I was uploading
the vlog because we defecate here at
this house yeah every single day I have
to drive to Brighton to upload my vlog
and I did that quite a few hours ago at
the time Padgett let me get into my
office and I'll explain so this this
here are you going to compel even see me
so I showed you briefly in another vlog
a couple of days ago and I also told you
about it in the vlog as well as kind of
I mean I sure do little bits but if you
didn't catch it we didn't see the blog I
basically no longer got my office in
town and I've got a new office which I
mean now and I'm super excited the only
thing with it is that it's currently
full of light let me give you a little
spin up the downstairs this here is all
stuff that still needs to go into our
house so I kind of can't start using it
just yet
is five minutes to eight and I'm finally
free I haven't like oh my gosh I haven't
even had breakfast like that's my own
fault I'm not saying that because I was
so busy today I should have not done so
many calls and Skype calls and like I
haven't even had breakfast
and now I've just escaped off to my
office so that I can be by myself I just
had a freezing cold shower like it was
so cold to try and wake myself up feel
refreshed and now and then eight o'clock
it's time to actually do today what I
wanted to do today which was to tackle
this office and try and start try and
start making it into what I want it to
be and yep I have got my little
trampoline shoes on right let's go
upstairs and see what we're saying up
here Oh lemon air that lights bright in
there literally does not there is
nothing like not beyond what is that and
it gave me bulb so this feel I don't
know if it's even worth me doing like a
little tour kind of thing of the new
office because every single room is just
going to look like this just boxes
everywhere I feel like it the informal
beneficial for me to hit you with some
time lapses with me actually unboxing
and tackling these boxes and getting rid
of them so that we can get on to using
this office for what it's actually meant
to be used for as as quick as possible
find in so much PB merch here that I
forgot I even had so guys if you want if
you want an iPhone case or or a
wristband comment down below Instagram
or your Twitter and comment which phone
case you want and I'll send three of
your phone case get video thumbs up as
well doing it has dumped you you know
the drill I always come and say to me
Hal I I was getting so sweaty and I've
literally been in his life for five
minutes or it's like too hot to do
anything isn't it like I don't want to
say that so don't be the typical
mistress and that moment that when it
finally gets hot that it's too hot but I
feel like we don't move people don't
understand also that people in the UK
don't really have air conditioning
because this never happens although it's
like like 32 degrees with no aircon yeah
some people are but where I am it's 40
but usually bit in a country that is
normally 14 whereas we live in a country
that's normally 17 yes currently 29 no
yesterday inside the house it was 32
inside the house I was like holy crap
but then you can't go outside and get
any like fresh air because it's there's
no breeze although on me although
there is actually quite a nice breeze
now outside yeah 9 p.m. s lose your
shoes oh yeah I need to put them back on
it's because it's 9 p.m. that's why
there's a breeze yeah we did that mate
found a box that belongs belongs in the
house and what in the office this is my
secret secret diary don't are you Bruce
journal I used to keep jewels and
padlocks on that I started it when I was
10 you had lot is it a secret though
German ones we're in the garden centre
and I am I showed you that what kind of
speak I
that diary when you need that
warehousing visibly yeah I should have
done that yeah but it would disappear
over time time I know you can't read
this out and if you do you have to
change names leave her like I might tell
her anything she goes and tells that
person must typically ask her not to
tell for example I told her that I might
move in don't tell Sandra I'll say oh
joy
what does she do she tells her this is
literary do not this song how old was I
was the date on that 14th November 2002
I was 12
this sounds like a script from something
that Angus thongs impervious not yet
yeah my life was like that I said it
like Oh is song you can tell I used to
read the books I think holy lies that
sort of do it but don't tell him I told
you
what did she go and do I think you can
get you look here I think you can get it
I don't think I'm talking here in
someone I think you can guess also today
blah blah told me blah blah blah blah
her best friend had given her 0 out of
10 which is what I'd give her to la
grotta blah blah not to say that did
blah blah listen no I give her one and a
half out of ten
yeah that's what I've rated three people
and gave one in our batch n minus one
zero don't actually leave that written
Risa so how old are - twelve
okay somebody oh my gosh and maybe don't
read actually no don't read that but
that's what like I was 12 writing stuff
like that so I can understand why people
write stuff like that on into that how
you feel to it yeah because back then I
only have my diary I was young when I
buy that you use that you describe
somebody out yeah this is 12 years old a
 a slapper a top because she going
because she's going out with bla bla the
flirt with every boy and Bloodrock not
around
I don't know where I must have heard
those words from like slap a and
tart is quite like hard this old school
yeah well your home life is really good
here
sexiest generous carefree boy did I
write the mother let's go non-supe
official respectful and loving no I
didn't write that
how do I write that twelve years old and
more now he's like a best friend and a
lover he makes me smile ah very
heartwarming hilarious non-official
respectful loving Jesus sex is generous
carefree boy I've ever met I'm Angelica
princess to this day hopefully more to
come can you know unless you like this
about me I did not actually like it my
tribe oh okay do you wouldn't know this
conversation yeah I'm I never been in
love with anyone but now I know what it
feels like I didn't I really didn't you
are you're in love no is this can you
stop this is so awkward
this makes me stop it yeah no ah he
makes me someone and I love him oh my
god
can you not he makes me someone there at
like unison up again can I just say I
write you nice cards all the time you've
given me three cards the entire five
years I've known you not the accounting
or anything Alfie deyes has been most
romantic father yet he is not room by my
remarks
although I am oh come on you're going to
give yourself that title really you're
going to give yourself a romantic title
yeah okay then you need to be sure I am
romantic okay
oh I'm so sad Fred what do I look like
user I lightly the carefree son
superficial most beautiful you make me
feel like someone Zoey you make me feel
like someone and I love also I think you
should film what I'm wearing right now
I've no free hand
ah all right you ready to Zoe's outfit
but the thing is people are going to
comment saying they love it I bet you
all I get in my comments is where did
you get this little piece from and the
bottom they're all a soft but you can't
wear this kind of bikini too much you
can't wear it too much when it's too
sunny because otherwise you're going to
get weird tan lines on your side here
wait can I show you something really
quick let me leave that there for a sec
okay one minute one minute so we've been
you know I said earlier on that there
was gardeners and stuff today and we've
been having work on the house for like
the last couple of days non non stop
well this is one thing they're doing
they're putting this trellis in all the
way down this pathway and they're just
leveling it all at the moment where you
go in sir leave on when there goes two
in the wood the trellis and posts here
well no it's been covered up under this
one here is an entrance you could see a
slight curve in bricks and it was quite
far quite far down there's a well here
somewhere underground the girl from the
ring who Samara I haven't actually seen
the ring where wait can you take my
camera set because I need to carry all
the boxes you don't have to film this is
like your whole vlog with your
fashionable really nice why are you
wearing your trampoline shoes of
attributes Alfie this is my biggest fear
that you are going to apply those funny
little shoes and start wearing them this
is not a cool look these are the most
uncool things you've ever bought no yeah
yeah I'm gonna buy two a month you said
that's too embarrassing
wow so then came up you my mum fits
better five pair of to sleep on the
rockers so I can wear them in the garden
I need to get back in contact with a
boyfriend I wrote vows
I'm literally sat here by myself and I'm
somehow I'm now watching love island
literally no one else is here with me a
set from Nala and I've got my dinner I
just made that I'm now watching love
island by myself I don't know how this
has happened and I've kind of I kind of
don't want to admit that it has happened
but it has and I thought I thought I
should let you know because I'm
concerned about myself why I'm watching
this
