Oh
oh no oh no it's try to pull as well
coming in everywhere mr. magpie what's
this
coming in look at Nala
give it up the marks scare it out this
way
oh no it's gone in the dining room you
need to get off this house but you won't
be able to wrap that round it mal is
like so unfucked is it in there Alfie
it's gonna hurt itself I just literally
side screaming help
can someone to help me I was like I
again this magpie on my own
oh gosh oh gosh Alfie if you good here
oh oh my god
oh my god happy accordion do I go
Facebook make friends with the digit I
don't really like live maybe put him on
the wall I want to go right if ya know
you think it's okay if tails still in
the towel laughs I think it's in shock
parent came in through this window no
he's gone he's up in the tree now it's
doing it's cool to it mate there nej oh
I'm so proud it flew off what did I do
good luck laughter you should probably
fill mixes gonna fluff in a second and
then it's like how old is that yeah look
at that bird up there let's go buzz it
or something
good luck in your journey today mr.
magpie yeah contact it everywhere guys
like literally all it is that you've
infected over there yeah I mean
understandable it was like hey pop yeah
literally see yourself because if doors
can double me die
then you're my safety good morning
governor laughing morning whatever
you're doing you're probably not saving
a magpie like me they call me the hero
well from the magpie hero we think that
some of our ceiling may have fallen down
in the night but it doesn't look like it
so we don't really know where this has
come from this clip looks like it's
about thirty seconds after I save the
magpie
I mean after after I became best friends
with that living can we talk about that
that night was so chill in the moment I
thought you wanted to chill and hang out
with me because I've saved him but I
don't think that's the case I think it
was just so in shock of what anyways we
saved him is all good he's flown away
now
popped out grab some food I also dropped
Nala at my mum's house because knowledge
spending the day with buzz and mum today
knowing a marker outside and they've
been setting was something that also
uploaded the video and bosses at my
mom's house as well but I didn't film
any of it hey watch me thug life
actually no serious that hurts so bad
oh my god that hurts so bad mark and Zoe
have set up the slip and slide
I thought this was going to be way
longer than that is that G quite long
they've been setting this up whilst I
was out and sliding down it it might
already be on let me do this yeah it's
already on gonzo you got this I've still
got my top on gosh it's going to be
freezing guys look at the end this looks
so good now that's going to be so cold
that's going to be so cold you might
also hear we've got people in the garden
doing some right planting and stuff like
that gardeners doing doing some work and
we've got some people in the house sort
out some security stuff as well so
that's why no let's not hedge makes it a
little bit easier
you go on scared it's like take a little
run and then you can we have to do it
tonight
ready yeah waiting no no yeah I was
worried about the camera that doesn't
matter
oh my god
is it go nice yes you know it's like you
ate it it's cold as it was earlier I've
been in the Sun now I need to cool down
I'm just gonna freeze it really
refreshing oh my god I was the coldest
thing on my dick ever I think any small
I think my trunks came down I might have
to blow that you know these aren't trunk
I think so we've kind of made that patch
a little bit wet so we've moved over
here
what your hair oh yeah
hey eh eh and straight on the grass you
meant to say on the Blue Bear yeah yeah
I think it is long you need to move over
no but move the topper back like a
little rag doll when you get to the
bottom that's the most fun date on your
knee
like you feel in the face
yeah it's refreshing at the bottom isn't
that all right let's get in the pool is
that going to be really cold I feel like
it can't be any colder than that
someone's phone slogan or maybe it's
just Marx music I feel like I should
have got a GoPro out guys - today is it
cold no yes it is really warm really
Internet I'm going to jump in it careful
it is like concrete I know my phone in
my book yes I'm taking oh my god no this
is not ready ready yeah
three what just managed to get off of a
call with my lawyer for an hour and a
half what's happened what's got
something - I love you how much you love
me why do you love me what have you done
I kind of broke the slip'n slide
you've got a fat air base too low this
is the pond bit neglected throat oh did
you slide down it too hard did you drive
front-flip down it I'm told these guys I
taught mark how to front flip on the
trampoline like legit he could only like
forward roll and after like between
eight and tennis all my gosh guys is
like a swamp down there after like eight
or ten attempts at front flip end of
talk mark out front flip knee can land
it on the trampoline how sick is that a
grass was all lovely these guys have got
a new game apparently I've literally
been on the phone to our lawyer for like
an hour and a half whilst I was watching
on the CCTV these guys playing this game
this new game that they want to show me
oh yeah I was literally watching on that
camera of you guys in there and I can
hear you guys out there and I was on the
phone just like in the front room
watching it I was on the TV watching
that so you were massive yeah they're
playing this new game oh my god
pound sorry on my sauce wrong okay oh
you're like me like this why they do it
oh my god wanna get my legs
cooking up the big old BB q we've got a
BB q tonight and I'm also getting my
hair cut tonight my hairdressers coming
over with his girlfriend he's cutting my
hair and then we're all going to we're
going to have dinner together
this looks incredible coffee's been on
the food and she's killing it we'll be
there
papi days calm Shawn's on the barbecue
me and the Bobby boy that's so hot you
feel good now like I don't want to be
any hotter than I currently am pretty
hot enough c1 okay my trying to learn I
might jump in I am certain that we
actually have you they just pulled that
and then just like grow them for a
little bit on them you know all guys I
got got these odds don't you wanna see
yeah no one else no one will see this
than you I know then you are so good
chocolate Gus Oh also on the haircut a
minute guys it will chopped little sort
some short although I haven't started
yet
Shawn smoking the place out no literally
people are going to fire up like fire
brigade again the member come can't even
speak a little to fit all this good food
cooking up there's a lot of food for not
many of us we've got mark here probably
here Shawn his over here me here Maddie
and Phil and them on the way back it's
got a lot of food geek about
I'm voice whisper here that is teriyaki
chicken oh my gosh
all right sounds good that's the guy
that's the guy then what do you think
about after getting more highlight and I
think it looks good service oh those are
the blonde bitch at the front here but
you should get them like hit back go in
at it all done do you think not like
obviously block blonde yeah
low budget more high more bits put in I
think so yeah yeah I think so sure maybe
see what anything maybe let me know what
you think in the comments let me know
down below quietly called the spreads
are made and literally knew you were
going to do that
dude I knew you were going to say that
how noise would you be smile time clear
my mouth which means I would eat about
12 mm how am i lucky what I doubt if
you've been in my blog for the last 21
seconds and you had green hair when your
teeth the whole time sorry I've had one
every way now look at all you did or you
want to sequester innocent hot on they
said it off with the bloody garden he's
running laps around the garden yes we'll
just finish the barbecue band playing
card games for the last couple of hours
mark rate what you do in let me say I
know just know that I've done of that
straight from the bridge way that's good
why you're getting allah surely you know
Oh mark quick get outside great oh no
this is nice hold on yeah
look at the floors y'all get welcome
home did you have a fun day with buzzy
boy knowledge done knowledge stolen a
crisp sorry that's your fault
oh no get it off of her hey sweating out
in bed I swear it's literally hotter in
this room right now that it was out in
the Sun earlier on and we've got all the
windows open as well he's ridiculous I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you
have in aught to do give us a thumbs up
yesterday's video the one that went up
tonight for me hit 5,000 likes within 11
minutes that's the fastest arm with ever
hit 5,000 likes let's see if we can beat
that on this video or tomorrow's video
yeah I'm actually not getting what I'm
just waiting out morning
