nearly there you're gonna get it good
morning guys good morning how you doing
nice when I got up this morning to feed
nylon take that to the toilet and stuff
a turn back on the hose if you saw
yesterday's vlog you'll know that I went
into town yesterday and bought us am
keeping a swimming pool paddling pool on
a day the only issue is that though he's
got like what's not about for now though
he's got like ten different bikinis if
not more than that I've unpacked most of
my wardrobe but not all the place she
barking out come on let mommy's outside
is it nice though he's got so many
different bikinis and swimmer options
I've unpacked half of my wardrobe and I
only own like in the old house no one
dare yeah a charity door threw away the
other bear so now I own one pair of swim
shorts and I haven't unpacked them yet
so we're gonna have to go in my boxers
we have any more towels down here I know
it's gonna be so cold oh I can't I
thought I'm the worst with cold water
like when we go to the beach to go
swimming in the sea I'll let you put my
toes in I'm like I got less weight it
was up to the line and then I'm just
going to jump in I'm just going to jump
in oh oh my god isn't it nice oh my gosh
it's so cold
parfaits serious why are you pulling me
no this is so cold I'm going to drop my
camera as well on the box that said that
it would take 90 minutes to fill all the
way up it's taking a good probably 5
hours
definitely not 90 minutes this is where
we're up to at the moment and it says we
can fill it up to there so I said we're
going a little bit higher and I'll is
actually trying to swim this is the
first time we've ever properly put her
in water
go on you swim gorgeous yeah oh look our
arms this is naturally swimming what
would happen if you let go good girl oh
my god is the cutest thing in the world
she's getting proper cocky she was
probably going for it trying to get Zoe
to let go was that fun look oh my yeah
did you enjoy that yeah
look at her I've got to leave in a
second should go and pick up my dad to
go for lunch for Father's Day but I just
got Amazon delivery something super
excited though slightly is that you know
what this is ethology
to my god j√∏rgen what you're gonna wear
those on this company
yeah these are professional temple
evening shoes is like what I used to
wear when I did you mess decks so then
you come on black pair why not get wai
distinct panda is my trampolining well
the other day you saw me literally
landed on my neck tonight this is
brilliant behavior I'm going upstairs to
get ready for the death in my shoes
think of it from the wrong feet I don't
even know I'm happy with them and it
means that I won't slip on the
trampoline and land on my neck like the
other day I need to get dressed to need
pick up my dad in like 25 minutes I
bought myself a couple of new t-shirts
yesterday so I'm going to put one of
them one get that aircon on it is hot to
day it's a little bit cloudy it's not as
sunny but in temperature wise it is 29
degrees 29 maybe 28 probably sounds like
there's a tornado in the camera because
I got a aircon on full I'm off to go for
lunch with my dad and papi some of you
guys might find it weird that mum isn't
coming and Shawna's oh we aren't coming
but for Mother's Day recently like a
couple of weeks ago what me and I said
no mum only dad you can't come this is
Mother's Day it's all about mum so now
it's only fair I thought that can't
speak so now it's only fair if what's
wrong with me for Father's Day and we're
taking dad to the same place that we
went with mom for Mother's Day and just
dad anyways I need to get going office
I'm going to be late if we just come out
for lunch
Bobby's like pop head on dad's car here
you literally wrote a card about
yourself that's so bad it's going to say
to puffy you are the best person in the
world he probably is wrapped up dad's
presents but didn't have any sellotape
and I said ah don't worry I didn't even
have any wrapping paper someone's just
in a see-through back because look at
all of the food
this looks insane
I shouldn't even have breakfast yet this
is my breakfast mmm yeah this looks
insane just got home guys this is what I
did this morning
mom come and watch this I mean I don't
know why I'm saying watch this it's
literally so simple
hi
la buddy boy give it a mix around right
there let me put a straw in it like
glass straws try that good can you show
me I want to make one for pop it quickly
clean this era mummies is it God is it
like crazy : oh it's cold isn't it oh
come on Sean just get in you've got to
just do it as usual you've got to get in
and you've got to sit down I don't have
any sure it doesn't matter no just get
in and sit down
you want your dinky all you got do it
quickly and you've just got to sit down
like one two three in go down down down
like so cold
sit down no wait my knees are like
freezing I'm fine like they're very why
him oh wait she's too hot you need to
take her swimming he found a cold spot
Nana now it's so nice he nearly took out
do you want to come swimming no you just
join here
go and take two she'll cool down then
she's just chilling here look at her
I can't have not no she won't
can she do that could you do it no no oh
my gosh
so go it oh I reckon she's little bit
going down job giving in give up yeah
look at the floor we may or may not
object had the biggest mortified I left
my camera on the side and it is
literally soaked oh yeah this is like
when we were kids we finished up in the
pool I just got changed boy you're in
the side not Shawn and I are learning
some tricks actually I was going to do a
time lapse oh I'm going to bring you
guys inside a is actually 29 degrees
right now guys 29 degrees
trampoline stupidly hot swim in slash
paddling pool thing we got over there
not stupidly hot why are we here why we
not in the in a swimming hole you guys
you should comment down below or tweet
us videos or pictures or something of
tricks that you want Shawn and I to
learn on the trampoline I've got no
excuses of what I bloomin trampoline
shoes on the feet yeah so I need to get
good like real good well they what
that's like that yeah yeah get like a
skate deck if you saw the vlog the other
day you will know over there I've got em
like a blue crash mat like a gymnastics
crash mat or more so we can learn some
proper good tricks back drop front flip
I want it yet let me learn that backdrop
front flip
oh it's I can't see did you see I'm like
falling down I think so again hey I need
a hairband
I'll get it cut on like Mondays and
plate it come get it got more like this
cool and then far you've got that yeah
yeah you've got that
that's right now yeah I know my trick
I'm like sliding in towards you cuz
you're making me go and you got it just
go for it just full wham it get the
height on the backdrop whoo that was
sick slow-mo it down good boy or you're
going into like some weird sliding side
things because I wanted to make sure if
I think of let me stand up at least had
it covered right deep well that's no
your we're never trying but this oh yeah
sideways that's it
have you ever tried that I can you do in
tuk yeah who's your I'm ash their fight
boy so hot you got this yeah
do you see that was it oh right I'll
watch it I'll push it out
Oh blech like a samurai kick in the air
backflip from yeah right hey it didn't
over-rotated that was it man chill up
throwing up a balloon
it's like he's fighting it's not
actually as I desired but it that's it
ah double front yeah that's a straw
hey the blonde in my hair is like drop
and coming out now I've washed it a few
times
oh my gosh you think even more blonde
that more highlights more highlights at
the back yeah oh my gosh sides get it
cut tomorrow and get your eyebrows done
like tigers we're meeting to get them to
bleach inline the bleach lines and my
eyebrows and leopard print in your beard
since the last clips mum and dad have
left and monkey stocks come over have
you been away since I last saw you
maybe where have you been it's been to
Turkey though he's currently sniffing
out all of which looks like dog hair but
it's not dog hair Sean the whole time we
were on the trip West Nile that I'm
she's over there the whole time we're on
the trampoline sure was Sean was wearing
a brand new hoodie and because we were
so sweaty on the trampoline all of the
new fluff inside his hoodie stuck to him
so when he took it off to get in the
pool he literally looked like my arm
over his entire body and then he got in
the pool and now the fluff from his
jumper is in the pole so the pool looks
like Harry
Zoe is currently saving everything out
and we also had like a balloon fight
like the water bombs yes we've got one
now I'm so happy I wish you could try
this but you're not allowed top there
also guys like I know how ridiculous I
look in these little trampoline shoes
but they're actually so good for outside
because they just slip on mark do you
like my trampoline shoes yeah I saw them
earlier what do you think well if you
don't break the neck like the other day
exactly you do look like how you holding
gold did Zoey look like ballet like this
I like them just come out to pick up
some dinner
although I'm look at my Footwear look
what I'm wearing this is embarrassing
supposed to look at my blister plaster
like hanging off we're about to go in
we're just picking off the ZZ to it so
we're actually going into a restaurant
and I'm wearing a vest pajama boss can
be kind of short and some trampolining
shoes summer man that's the live isn't
out you're going to be accompanied
imagine if we just came across one then
I'm ready
exactly here we go Hey courts again love
island but again just like the other day
everyone else is watching it which was
on his phone I was on my phone but my
phone's run out of charge now I'm left
stuck watching it goodbye farewell see
you soon you guys look matte Jen goodbye
I quit finish watching love island
so it's just one marker bar look at this
with the view or village certain if you
can or you can only see me in the camera
in real life you can see the stars right
let me turn the lights off oh I'm sorry
no you can't really see them in the
camera blue my neck is going talk to
watch watch Netflix
whoa I can't see in the camera
