good morning look at everything I'm
sorry
oh good morning baby Nala second the
cozy is morning everyone here good
morning guys how you did hope you're
having a lovely day I've just sat down
to have some have some cereal I realized
well I didn't realize Zoe told me over
here you know that ultimate eye vision
issues represented up in art so they go
and get the healthy one turns out this
isn't the healthy one this one liner
there is actually the hard one and I've
been into the unhealthy sugary granola
every single day thinking it was the
healthy one so today today is my first
day going for the actual healthy one so
let's see if this levitation different
hmm I feel like without the fruit that
I've got it would feel it would be a bit
dull just a bit like even cardboard but
because I've got blueberries and
raspberries here it's actually like that
sweetens up so it tastes pretty good
also got myself a big old flat white and
some orange juice Russian ice container
wines don't want to jinx it touchwood
the weather since we've moved in and I
now say they're quite a lot of times on
my blogs but it is insane line now I
can't see one cloud in the sky it is
completely blue and apparently tomorrow
it's going to be 29 degrees 29 that's
like the kind of temperature that you
get when you're like when I'm on my
family holiday in Greece 29 we just we
don't get that in the UK goodbye being a
bear let me know if you want anything
from town oh no the car is literally
going to be like a sauna it's going to
be yeah it's hot
I'm currently running five minutes late
just come into town it is so damn busy I
didn't think about how bad the traffic
would actually be like I knew it would
be intense but I didn't think like being
quite as intense it actually was and
just off to meet one of my old friends
who I did gymnastics with when I was
like 11 12 years old I went to a dinner
of any did the other day with all of the
family like a super he's like a super
amazing chef in this beautiful
restaurant in Brighton I'm a little bit
out of breath and rushing so much me and
all the family went over to the
restaurant that had like a really
special dinner yet he had his own like
night the other night
anyways I'm off to meet him reduce just
to talk about future plans and working
together on something that I am I think
I'm about seven minute late
my name is speak seven minutes late ID
I'd film that super sneakily but that is
the couple's goals they've got matching
Vespers that is the goal guys super nice
catchin that with Toby and getting to
chat through everything that we wanted
to speak about we've got some exciting
plans were working on for next month we
grabbed a green juice together but I I
didn't order any food and I've just
realised like I'm not even that hungry I
think I'm just so excited by the weather
that I forget to get home this guide the
path past three lunchtime or past
lunchtime so fast three and I haven't
had lunch yet so I'm off to going
bye-bye sandwich from somewhere grab
some nice food thank you so much
more couples goals right there
I should have left to go home about half
an hour ago but I'm just leaving now
bought a ton of stuff partly for me and
partly in fact most of it actually the
majority the majority is for Father's
Day so so I don't feel bad for shopping
at all I don't feel bad for being late
because the day that you're watching
this is Father's to end the UK its main
probably have some good plans so good
plans for my dad and some some good
presents and probably sports and
presents as well oh man we're back in
this or on a car I'm back in oh my gosh
I can't even describe the cars finally
cooled down a bit and I'm just driving
off now to my parents house because as
you know we don't have our internet set
up yet so every single day I have to go
and find internet you have to upload my
vlogs and somehow I've managed to keep
them all on time so far I think a second
one a second one I think I've managed to
keep them all on time so far which is a
miracle you know when you see somebody
you haven't seen in like 20 years but
you just instantly know it's them I've
just seen the girl who was in my primary
schools mum and instantly like I know
it's her that is so crazy I literally
haven't seen that woman in like 20 years
so if you're wondering why I'm sitting
in a car park earlier on I tweeted
saying woman it's loading loading
loading and you another shop I can buy a
swimming pool like this to pick up today
near Brighton the weather is just so
ridiculous I know I keep on going on
about it but I feel like if I get a pawn
for the garden like a blow up like an
inflate not like a proper proper swim
pool but one that I can put up and take
that down and stuff if I could get one
today it would be perfect because today
is lovely tomorrow is lovely and Monday
is meant to also be lovely but if I
order on a line then it takes like a
week to come or even three or four days
it might not be lovely weather anymore
so my aim today was to get one today the
only thing is I kind of spent the
morning eating breakfast and editing I
then went into town to meet my friend
Toby I then with Father's Day shopping I
then went to upload my vlog which is all
done and it's just gone live three
minutes ago so it's kind of audio 5 p.m.
game for today was to get a swimming
pool for Zoe and I but it's kind of only
5 p.m. I've just popped in the oldest
car park and I'm about to see if they've
got any kind of blow up swimming pool
kind of vibe that I can buy like right
now here we go
I used to love looking through these as
a kid this used to literally be like my
favorite thing looking for a big one of
these at home oh did you see that did
you see that that was it where is it God
here one see if they've got right look
at that
like that well that would be cool no
they're all too small or too small bit
too small oh that would be amazing
delivery only damn it
10 for 12
I'm just sitting here waiting and I see
this this might be what I need you know
I don't think we've got a garden hose
let's do this 175 foot hose amazing
thank you so much father
thank you I get a bloom in 40 with this
purchase that was so successful I've
literally got got it in the boot like a
bitch in the boot had a little trolley
to help me and everything went super
super well so I now just need to UM I
just need to drive home apparently only
takes 90 minutes to fill up I'll believe
it when I see it
I still haven't managed to find my
sunglasses we've got the goods here and
then up there as well I've also unboxed
the M the hose that looks really really
cool apparently this hose can go to 22
metres it's all scrunched up but then if
I put my foot on it it stretches triple
the distance I'm well aware that it's
like half past 6:00 in the evening and
we we haven't even started putting this
together yet so we need to get crackin
this is going to take a little while to
build everybody I forgot that it's
proper got like a water pump and
everything to make sure that the waters
all clean and took all the metal poles
around the outside and stuff so though
it's just made me aware that on the side
it also says takes two people the water
pump part and then that's it and then
it's all done and then we can start
filling it with water oh my gosh this is
pretty big I thought I thought it was
going to be small like I tried to write
such a bigger one than this honestly
this is actually massive like I
definitely didn't think it'd be that big
I thought it was going to be about
three-quarters of the size of that I
mean we do it we do eventually want a
much much bigger one than this but I
knew that I wasn't going to do that
today so eventually we're going to have
like we want to get a big one up there
that we can like blow up or put up or
there's a hot-air balloon
look at it oh my gosh that looks so
chilled this is such a beautiful evening
to do it as well I did not know you
could do that invited I am a hundred
said looking in to do that please remind
me that looks so chilled just like
cruising through the sky on a beautiful
evening anyways this year is pretty damn
big but we are going to get a much
bigger I want to get like obviously
we're not going to get like a proper
prop I like built into the floor
swimming pool that's like the goal one
day in life one day when I'm older but
and but I do I would love to get like
you know you can get ones kind of like
this but they're a bit bigger in their
wooden and then above the ground like it
takes a couple of people to come in and
build it and stuff but I don't know I
don't know this one this is sick we just
got to try and fill it up now see how
long it
do you hopefully this fits on the the
nozzle let's have a look perfect
oh my gosh this is definitely working
holy crap I feel like the ribbon pipes
going to explode you ready for the first
bit I don't have to make it so that I
can let go and it will just carry on
without groaning Shh everywhere I feel
like I need to put like a rock on it or
something so that hopefully leave it
like that it seems to be all good so far
I think we just got to let it go it said
90 minutes on the on the packet crap
crap crap crap crap guys I've been
shooting the time-lapse for literally so
long and now this thing is just going
crazy going everywhere it's filled up
like just above the blue line in
probably about half an hour promise you
like oh my god you can't even see or can
you see straight up I was trying to wrap
the cord all through here all through
there accidentally hit it on the edge of
there the on button and it I promise
full power just wet in my face oh my
gosh however on a positive note I think
I've I think I've latched it in all good
now so I'm just going to leave it like
that
I really don't think this is going to be
ready for tonight I thought we were
going to have it all ready in Zoe and I
were going to be able to get into it but
it's really not that warm anymore
because it's like half off 8:00 in the
evening it's still lovely but we've got
we've got a long way to go with the
water and it's not very hot oh we look
the water's been all sprained over here
and now I haven't had my dinner yet ah
let me explain why I'm about to eat this
I tell you guys all the time and I do
actually mean it when I say it I spend a
lot of time every single day reading all
my comments on YouTube and I've just
been reading so many comments from you
guys telling me that you didn't really
but snicker ice-cream is still a thing
apparently they stopped it at some point
and so many people in my comments I've
been going crazy you mean like oh my God
all that wonderful right now is a
Snickers ice cream and I'm reading it
all and now I'm like all I want right
now is a Snickers ice cream line I
haven't even oh my gosh it's 10 plus 9 8
minutes past 9 I haven't even done my
dinner
I'm about to eat Snickers ice cream is
that bad don't really care because I'm
about to do it just whilst I remember
I'm just looking at my laptop now and a
ton of you've been tweeting me how
excited you off my book tour and my live
event and I forgot to say yes to these
blogs I was meant to tell you but it's
the same if I tell you today doesn't
really matter it's all the same there
are still a few and when I say a few I
literally mean a few tickets left to
come and see me on then we get the date
right
Saturday the 15th of July at 2 p.m. at
London's Hackney Empire so basically
it's not a book signing you do get a
copy of the book and it is signed so you
get your side bug it's basically like
it's not a stage show because I'm not
the format I'm just like an average guy
you know me I wish I could bring my some
stupid like trampolines anyways I'm not
what I'm going to be doing there is I've
got one of my friends Emma coming along
and we're just do like it's going to
almost be like a podcast like we just
can be sitting on sofas onstage just
chat him for an hour about my life and
about everything I do and then we'll be
throwing to you guys and you guys can
ask questions from the audience I also
get to meet a hundred of you you don't
get to find out if you want to be a
hundred until you until I tell you
whilst I'm on stage like I've got a fun
way to be able to tell all you guys who
it is but basically what I'm saying is
that all my book tour is sold out except
from this one live show in London there
is a very very very few tickets left so
if you wanted to get London Hackney
Empire on the 15th of July link is down
below and be quick guys I it's going to
be good like I'm genuinely so excited
I've wanted to do like a tour that isn't
book signings for so long so that I can
meet loads of you and this could be like
the test this could be like something
that if you guys loved it which I know
you would like it's going to be sick
this could be like the first thing and
then I can
take it on Europe around the world or I
don't know links down below if you want
together to get and be quick also I
never really plugged my merch
I always forget I sell a ton of PB
merchandise link is down below if you
want to go check it out what else can i
plug whilst I'm here looking around the
room I don't don't have anything else to
plug go by to get go check out my
merchandise
I am I finished the Snickers I smashed
it literally I swear these have got
smaller I finish it like three or four
bites this may be bad what I'm about to
do guys but honestly I was about to cook
Zoey nice and pasta for dinner and I
didn't realize that we don't actually
have any pots as in like sauce pans we
don't have any sorry we can't make pasta
you know the other day when wearing
white rose and I bought that frying pan
that's the only thing we have so just
now is literally about open packet of
pasta as Oh exactly we don't have any
pots to put it in I think we assumed
with all you have new ones by now and we
gave all of our old ones to charity when
we moved so I'm off to go out and pick
up some dinner for me and Zoey in the
car I feel so lazy that we should be
cooking like just well finally in the
new house got an amazing beautiful
kitchen but we don't have any plans yet
so even got off a god cook much and we
don't have much in the fridge as well
kind of doing that thing again I'm
ending the vlog the next day I went and
picked up dinner drove back and then we
just get in bed so I didn't bother
filming anything because we're eating
our dinner in bed chilling out and
relaxing I just want to show you a sneak
peek of what is coming tomorrow for you
in the vlog you can probably hear behind
the camera now the pool is still fill it
up it's called like this much more until
it is completely done here is a clip of
the of Zoey and Nala in the pool a
minute ago good girl Nala
I hope you guys are excited if you've
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
and then subscribe if you're not already
do with the nice stuff leave some love
your comments and I'll I'll see you
tomorrow
oh no I let's just come behind the
little cloud I'll see you tomorrow with
a swimming-pool blog
and
