all today's the day this happening we're
going to pick up that Range Rover
because it went in for a service me and
Mark need it because we're going on our
friend holiday to Margate and so we are
now handbrake
well yeah oh my god it's got physical
handbrake hmm
and so now we are going to to pick up
the Range Rover because we need it but
also that means Alfie has to be insured
on my mini so that we can drive the mini
back and that Alfie has the mini for the
weekend because his outie has broken
down
last night my Aldi basically the Range
Rover was in getting fixed overnight my
Aldi last night was in Brighton broke
down so I don't have the Audi and Zoe's
taking the Range Rover this weekend away
with Mark I feel like I'm driving a
go-kart a very posh go-kart just come to
pick up a Range Rover giving me the key
and I'm outside pressing it but it's not
here I have no idea where it is
I think they're inside looking for it no
one can find my car it's not in there
still have no idea where the car is
finally back in the car you guys are
yeah
seeing a mum you got a body for a month
oh these are cool shoes don't see number
four see you later
do you trust me without you it's time
last year I came back to a trampoline in
a bullpen she's all good see you later
Steve's just arrived as it go ahead he's
growing the beard as well yeah how long
are you gonna do it Alexei is not really
into it that much - ginger no my mind's
gone or ginger here love you always
looks very dark and I know bro yours is
darker than mine it's like that time
Shane in mind today it's hahaha I'm
shaving my today but I haven't worked
I haven't wet shave yeah I haven't done
it since honestly like 16 years old I'm
gonna do it today
mate I'm exactly soon I'm gonna look
like nine years old
Zoe said she's never seen me
clean-shaven I think she said the same
as oh also I bought us a couple of
presents for today did you this guy can
I just get him out yet rip that straight
up ever seen look at that how can we not
work this out right must be near here I
think it's this guy Sorry mate yeah
anything isn't that hot in there bang
that Bosh it's not working karni trying
to get it now xxx trying to the camera
yeah she cannot go yeah that's fine
you sure surely I gotcha you ready
you have to end really high really what
do you want it in the butt so I got
powerful once times I didn't he's just
an all powerful
this wasn't a thing
what do you mean like it wasn't a garage
it was no it was it Gary just like yeah
I think you just had storage it yeah
but the rubber floor though yeah oh it's
a shoe okay boy Steve's cry in Steve's
cryin
all I'm saying is excuses yeah I'm
lifting more weight than you oh shut up
you had my muscles on your body you'll
be fine oh I'm fine I'm fine as it is I
don't need your muscle my muscles I just
picked up Morgana's Rose here and we're
off to go grab some lunch Steve is
already making up excuses as to why he's
not going to be good at climbing well
there we go there you say there's four
biscuits and passion fruit in it yeah
that's me actually the name of the drink
is that that's like it tastes amazing
thank you so much Steve screaming boss
our clothes shopping now you look in
hey double the size inspires a
Pomeranian a German space but that was
the original pristine skies in here bro
we just need any TV Oh No
do they not sell TVs I thought they did
sell them no that don't so any take
number two I think this is the one we
just need any small TV bro we don't need
the best TV they got what about this
moron attempt number three is this going
to be the one this is the third trip
if you've ever needed a TV this is the
place boys this is what we need this is
the spot you paying for it one monitor
two monitors trying to fit with the
place to changing a car
Steve's helping out a lot but stop you
stop helping stop helping so much stop
helping everyone you're doing good man
the police station stuff was a complete
fail of Wi-Fi playing up the Wi-Fi has
only worked in two of the Playstations
we just been ie we spent all day trying
to five ribbon monitors and we got that
like don't even speak about it don't
bring it up
to the point where we're all so
frustrated they were like I let's just
go out and go rock climbing because we
want to do something fun
the last three days that literally
haven't been able to straighten them all
right we've got Steve MP who's buying
some new shoes
he has never been rock climbing before
he's buying his new shoes oh good
but what your stuff in the locker we
need to put some of this on first where
is it
chalk your own yeah you bring your own
chalk right you are legit aren't you hey
guys rub all over your hands my job why
is it liquid bruh you watch what happens
watch what happens bro
Road that's unreal I'm gonna pine we
look at Morgan's hands you got this run
I put my left foot on here are your left
on yeah
lock the place is just that close where
we are all knapford boy my arms are like
I got a quick challenge for you do a
pull off on this bar on this one I'll do
this first time you've seen them before
take it out and put one in both are so
hard
yes Alfie there's why get two plates hit
today so if I get in the top go yeah
come on you got this you got this right
come on right you got this yeah I let
let me have one we'll get that okay
guess it
now that
thank you just what we're saying yeah
Oh a bun in the chicken yeah this is
dirty its yeah exactly
after that great day of like exercise
that's so bad I've gone from the falafel
pitter which does not look happy what
you saying bro
sure one just had to head off because
he's going to be up early tomorrow
morning the true gamers staying up late
was savaging it
we've changed up the setup so the
screens are literally in front of us
3:14 a.m. Morgan's got the road that he
says is the warmest one no it's deep how
annoyed bro what time we waking up
serious because I think we shouldn't Jim
session 7 yeah yeah meet yeah 11
oh she's coming down Dorothy who lives
in the Attic luckily on our bedroom door
guys we've got we've got big boy lock
and all security oh we can't it's in the
morning boys Missy on the bed come on
