this is going to sound ridiculous guys
but I feel like a proud father pips
managed to go upstairs Avenue and now
you're eating all the rewards eating all
the treats to yourself okay mate I know
you're still down there we can hear you
we can hear you
good morning if you've been following
the vlogs recent you'll know that we've
got a new guinea pig hatch house kind of
thing and then the stairs is different
to the old one the stairs go like up and
then turn and then go up again and until
today this morning needs of our two
guinea pigs people and Percy have
managed to go obsessed they've been too
scared to try it let's just come down
this morning to come and get breakfast
in a coffee and Pippen is at the top I'm
happy LM a man create some copies or yes
then we were messing about in the garden
for the last like 20 minutes playing
football it's so lovely that I wanted to
come again they've got cameras to film
a few hours later and funny is here now
she's just getting changed into some
into more appropriate tire because it is
ridiculously hot side marks still here
knowledge in Italy coffee huh we're
going to play a game of catch with these
and the end that's alright are you
getting the water I thought we worked
out that waterfall is always literally
rely let's not add the water by tonight
let's have it
on Sunday or Monday kismet 329 degrees
if I know there's no water to drink or
if I go we'll gotta water once we do
orange so we can proper see them while
often it's crazy fast a green you can't
see on the grass do you know hey this is
like the best invention in the world
isn't it yeah the fact that you can
literally look Zoe hey those just
spraying the God everywhere inside you
not press the trigger you just pumped it
there is a bump in the water everywhere
let me see it II I'm going to go to
these this could be the perfect place
you guys haven't seen this on the books
yet this is our little dog washroom oh
no I was concerned be the perfect place
but obviously that doesn't fit on there
maybe not the perfect place
oh my god you scared me
right we've got a bucket to capture the
water bombs in put that there yeah oh my
god looks fantastic and then I think
they drop off when they're fall
oh I think maybe keys are touching the
floor they're not coming off whoa look
at that
we're weightless to another one no none
of that
it literally them Jesus if we don't want
the water fight today no guys no the box
is broken the box is broken this is also
all our rubbish as well we need to take
out this was not meant to be a water
fight Zoey mark I've got water pistols
and already it some things have changed
not Holly no no no we need the plastic
bucket is on the other side then we can
put with ethernet that's fine like I
want to legit play catch everyone take
one of these each can you get one with
pepper right herb oh my face is reading
a high one denies it you like this my
main life lies we've got so many you
know I want to say captain those things
Oh
okay little guy got another pack of
water bombs out
who do you think who came off the worst
of that Wow I keep on treading on little
spiky bit yeah
oh my god now we've got the fun of
picking up all the little plastic bits
from the water balloons so the animals
and Nala and stuff to eat them you know
and they've all gone off the grass
already good cleaning team all got some
more bits here we're planning Monday
March coming back on Sunday he's going
off now farewell bring one of those
little caps like I said bring one of the
little school ones resting on the back
in case you burn your neck what is on in
are you ever the little con kids like
for your new sunglasses oh oh don't
matter
yeah not conkers what they called quarks
or they're just sitting down to read all
your comments on my new blog it's just
gone live nine minutes ago with a cold
glass of water Snickers ice cream my
gosh this is if you like 20 times better
than your normal Snickers come on Holly
doesn't like bouncing by making back on
the trampoline it's so fun you'll love
it
no change them Maggie Murphy oh you're
actually really good come on we talked
about at the same time
no what about Isaac yes I'm currently
editing the video that you are watching
right now
I completely forgot to film anything
else later on in the evening Holly left
just after we went on the trampoline
together and then Zoe and I literally
just chilled out had some soup for
dinner
I ended up speaking to one of my friends
Lawrence he was now living in Holland
for like nearly two and a half hours on
the phone he's come back I mean like
literally he's back and right at the
moment so I brought like probably could
just pop around his house we're doing
much quicker than spin-on home for two
and half hours anyways just run it in
the blog one so hope you enjoyed it I've
just finished editing everything up into
this point so far and I'm loving it like
it is otherwise such a fun vlog it is
such a fun day today if you've seen my
Twitter you're going to know what the
aim of today is which is tomorrow for
you kind of just tweeted something about
it what I'm trying to buy anyways if you
enjoyed the blog give it a thumbs up
thank you so much for the love subscribe
if you're not already guys we're kind of
nearly nearly at 4 million on this
channel which is ridiculous thank you so
much and I'll and I'll see you tomorrow
