is the car cold yeah that's hot is like
a bloody Shana
oh my socks my back is burning good
morning guys
good morning the captain's Marcus look
look at us compared tan or oh my god
this is vintage where we went Jamaica
Jamaica to make everyone's going to
actually lately have you might need some
goggles you don't I saw yesterday's vlog
you will know that today this afternoon
this morning with the busiest morning
ever we had two electricians over a man
fixing the gate on our driveway that
architect designer somebody fixed in our
conservatory somebody fixed in our like
technology in the house light is
blooming crazy this morning the house
I'm just starting the vlog in the
afternoon or currently around the corner
in Toys R Us knowing mark and I am poppy
and Sean are planning to have a water
fight it's a ridiculously lovely day I'm
going to find the water guns I want to
get I want to get this sickest biggest
water pistol you can possibly buy guys
going there boy
you're not even ready for this how sick
over here you go mark here's your one
you get that one Vey oh my God look at
that you play catch with balloons oh
these are the things I was talking about
as well yeah 100 water balloons in 60
seconds oh my gosh that is what we need
launch up to 18 meters that is the one
so you put this in yeah we might need a
couple of baskets this is the super
soaker
and it's a nerf gun that's what's pistol
and nerf gun at the same time oh that's
the dream that is the dream I think we
should get one of the pump ones that's
like that yeah the pump ones are good
I'll look like this one here that's a
normal house though have you seen these
nerf gun and Super Soaker so he isn't as
interested as me see that are cool and
then walks away great here we go yeah we
have to get some of them for Nala will
spray Nala okay seriously we need to all
get one of these each okay one two three
four Jen Oh orange one five look at this
Zoey 100 balloons are six seconds and a
launcher oh my food it is like a boot we
can use objects pick up knowledge - in
the garden there we go I'm so excited
like I knew this was going to be cold
but I didn't think it's gonna be this is
what we've gone for in the end there's
that one for you another one for mark
we'll be fine
thank you you guys have got the biggest
ones and then me pop in Sean I've got
these three got some little ones extra
and then we've also got one of these
kits each good one hundred each
this is the last hold on though
yeah this isn't just for today we need
to get some other cool things like let's
leave it up there for one minute let's
have a look around see if there's
anything else we could get slide okay
yeah that's cool
should we get that yeah I mean it's
quite smaller though in Lane five point
four ninety do I need to time let's try
out we don't want to ruin the grass yeah
let's get these two this is literally my
dream you guys know I'm just a big kid
perfect thank you look at all of this
I'll be why why what every time we come
here we hate it oh yeah this is actually
really bad isn't that in here it's quite
the Burger King that they do here is
really not good is it
okay but it's not even so bad that it's
good is just actually now it's actually
like ranked not like that I had nothing
all right let's just order something hey
how you doing
Can I grab some chicken strips but it's
not that I don't like Burger King it's
just that some reason this Burger King's
food never tastes very fresh
well maybe every time we've come here
maybe it's just every time we come yeah
but you know sometimes when you go
somewhere you're going to get fish and
chips you can tell the chip swing cook
two hours ago
yeah yeah like that kind of vibe amazing
have a lovely day just have a little
Alfie blog update these are really fresh
but this is a good Burger King this is a
great one it restored my face and I
don't ever really go to back again
restored my face
okay bye albedo is always quite a little
card please take a
there you go mark you can take control
of the zapper just come into Waitrose
pick up some food tonight because whilst
we're having the wards fight we also
want to have like we're not the same
time after if you want to have like a a
picnic outside and I mean what that
place and wait for sushi that's all I'm
saying sushi picnic
honestly I could see someone in the
corner of my blog and I was like doesn't
matter because I tried not to film other
people's faces too much in my blog I
could see someone and I was just like
aware and then as I turned to be to get
them out of shot you followed I was like
boy get off my thigh it was like a fly
like following me how you do it I'll see
you soon goodbye see you soon see you
later
haha look what we had sorted this
morning yeah look at that
obviously this place is literally just
like a massive greenhouse so it heats up
so loud now we can finally open the
window on the ceiling they call it right
down we've come outside
oh go on mark eat that broad eat that
you're not eating the tail we've got
outside in the garden especially in the
soy sighs everywhere to pop on the floor
and with gar sushi party going on I
don't know why Zoe isn't out here then
she's with Nala she's watching dot TV
remember top TV pop I'd ever remember it
too much I know the song though I'm in
it no you were saying about watching
back any kids TV show that we watch we
were younger
that's so bloody scary yeah all of them
a creepers of a Rosie and Jim I think
what what they had like you know scary
rose in Jamar's are the head in all the
time oh my god yeah yeah but when I was
young that I all that stuff was I I hate
it don't be scared of the next on this
and all they were a little like yeah you
could go it was just a little like
people know that you're 29
oh I did not today tomorrow though you
staying over hey all the dreams about
marks going to come out tomorrow you
know I'm so excited for tonight but in
the new house yeah I'm not running my
first day he's not training I'm joking
going in in the new house and this one
all our lights you can turn on and off
from your phone or from like the iPads
around the house so when Mark is asleep
or going upstairs or if he's downstairs
I'm gonna all lights off master house
most of the house lights off and then me
and Zoey just fine okay
and we together that's the aim I've got
some great news and I've also got some
mediocre news we're going to start with
the mediocre because I wanna I want to
raise the level the mediocre news is
that we're not going to have the water
fight today because it's kind of like ha
classics in the evening it's still a
lovely day like the sky still completely
blue there's not lawns if you put on on
the hoodie it's not as hot as it was
earlier on today so we're not going to
have the water fight now positive news
come and help if you on me everyone can
come in go on myself
Sean and Mark ow I'm going to not even
going to try we are going to there's no
excuse no reason why we can't we're
going to finish off the trampoline
tonight right now this is extremely hard
now there's quite a bit more basically
we need to put all of these in hard
that's why we need two people is we have
to go around there's at four five or six
different one two three four five eight
different points where I've started we
have to bend this so that all right let
me get me to the broke a let me up
yeah glad to get in there there's
actually quite a few we've got none
robust in time to this one
I just want forgiveness no I know that
is quite scary oh my god is it this one
here you think you've got a smear on
your comrade no they're not popping out
though when you jump in it it's so good
yeah it's going to be really good bloody
ell
I'm gonna lie oh my gosh when you pulled
up the game on your hand put your hand
right lie down three men on Paul yeah
we've done every single one set from
this one pole here because for some
reason this one has like gone all the
way through and bumped up so we've got a
little bit of an issue I need to maybe
see if I can order any one of these and
just let saw this one focus got so much
tension I can't get it out to fix it
who's going on gone Sean yeah yeah you
gone first we'll put there we'll put the
boundary thing up in a minute so that's
it oh it's meant to be like the
bounciest softest trampoline to like
land on and stuff jump on we need to get
the bitumen net up it's time to do all
of the necking I'm going to put you guys
down for a little time lapse
what do you think you just said before
getting on it I don't know about this
yes guys it's completely done we've even
got the little ladder a set from the
only thing we haven't done is put these
on just to make sure that it doesn't
like fall over but I'm sure I'll be fine
just for tonight she will go on it it's
so big
these guys are just these guys are plain
cut the eggs hold on let me see if I got
you in circus I'm gonna try and front
drops higher than this go for it oh go
for it missing like slipped by the idea
that on camera I'm doing a straight back
as far as I can I slipped on my socks
landed on my head in my neck out be
careful I need fashion trampoline shoes
can you old the sort like leather one
they're like really nice a nice cool go
for it then belly flop getting higher
than the trampoline go for it
I think you're there oh my gosh yeah I
think it was one more time sly you're in
the air for like three seconds and then
you hit the bottom ah
how cool is the trampoline no serious
boy look at the springs they're not even
just rings this is not sponsored spring
free thanks to her cups that's why you
sense not that Springs yeah
this spring fruit spring free serious
though guys thank you we will just buy
the kitchen
Anana okay baby are you just watching
the world goodbye but what's in it to
this one well literally wrapped up in
blankets at the moment well that sounds
good
the algarve in portugal syrup hey Liv
yeah and that's healthy
yeah so the natural ingredient that is
insane this ice cream is like vision and
healthy is yo the other one's really
good this one's really good
that is so good canola ingredient was
this one this is like if you make it red
bananas are you know we should have done
ra's miracle we should have done like a
taste test I think that you're not
allowed to know what it is and I bet you
everyone would go chocolate sugar and I
might never see what that the in the
fibers no paper cashews cashews vanilla
freeze drying I'll freeze freeze right
right give me a big old scoop of get
those berries in there all right
stunning this is good chocolate ones
very good this one's really tasted oh my
god guys oh my god caramel pecan it
tastes so smooth wait what brand is this
OH is Buju booga boosha boosha a
Gallagher upset be double OCA
yeah because I I eat there chocolate the
booze your booze your chocolate stuff
Oh Mike these are insane this one so get
out of it you need that let's give that
whole bit out get that nasty boy that
zone right Chris Marshall yeah nope
I'm watching love island and that's
where everyone is obsessed with this
program of a moment why is she crying
hold and I why are we watching this all
the time
wait how is it on every evening I don't
get that how many weeks is this on for
everyone I know is literally obsessed
with this program like never one of my
friends back from college and school
then Shawn and I if les is watching this
show and I literally just sound our
phones not our laptops
what are you playing I feel like we have
to beep the name upwards and they have
to hash tag ad in my video because I've
worked with them before I just want to
prove a point because so many people did
the sponsor with this certain game that
sounds something similar to very good
pals til I say we've a Shan Shan is
legit playing it out like we both still
play this game we both you can sponsor
forever yeah yeah but we've had a
competition like personally between us
what everyone everyone and people so
many people did the sponsor and so many
people got hate for doing the sponsor
look at it people just mean that you're
doing it for the money
we legit little play the games you're
playing it now I'm not even going to
name the game because I don't be able to
think I'm getting paid to see it now if
you've got a game that you play on your
iPhone and let us know because Shawn and
I always play an iPhone games the other
there yeah so you did at you did you get
any good suggestions we should go back
and read all the replies yeah because
I'm always down that's our probably
really know any forum speakers we need
them for moments like this where
everyone else is watching put them in TV
I'm loading in focus or me we're
watching love island cool the other
three are watching that one and this one
and I just sitting on our phones play
games farewell goodbye see you soon for
water fight yeah just go dug up into bed
it's seven minutes past midnight we're
going to end up rogue here thank you so
much with love and the support I know
it's only a trampoline but I cannot tell
you how excited I am by the new
trampoline if you're excited the water
fight
hi
