my hay fever this morning is ridiculous
like my nose is just constant dripping
I've literally got tissue in my pocket
at all times just because it's like
dripping I just use the nose spray my
eyes are so damn itchy like I literally
feel like scratch in the mouth that I've
just put eyedrops in internally I feel a
hundred percent but my nose and my eyes
and my mouth make me feel like I've got
the flu or something like I sound weird
my nose is all like hay fever is so
bloody annoying
anyways good morning guys just sat down
to have a coffee I thought I was going
to be waking up bright and early like
7:00 a.m. 6:30 a.m. this morning but I
stupidly slept with the window open
last night next to me which means that
all the pollen and all the air comes
through and then I literally feel bummed
up like this and then it's fun it's so
much harder to wake up in the mornings
when I've got hay fever compared to when
I don't know if a fever anyways I need
to make myself some breakfast for what
made myself a coffee that's priority
number one who remembers when I didn't
drink coffee I mean it's not like I'm
addicted coffee I only have like one a
day but I do love love love love my
morning coffee let's go for hmmm what is
this let's try this and then what this
is yeah this looks delicious so Ian
Tracy doing Zoe's wardrobe so I'm
sneaking off to carry on my trampoline
got knowledge winning me coming in a
yo-yo daddy think it is going through
all the instructions I've got to start
attaching the actual rods now all of the
little white springy things are all
finished now I need to start fully
attaching them to the to the trampoline
itself
I've done about 10 or 15 so far all the
way along here but my hand my palm hurts
so bad this is definitely a two-person
job took a moment to read through the
instructions and realized that I've
actually done all of this wrong this
last bit that I've been doing you're
meant to do evenly spread out across the
whole trampoline otherwise you get like
me now where you literally cannot reach
the next one because it's already so
tight you're meant to evenly distribute
the tightness of the trampoline and that
is not what I've done I've just on one
side so now I need to try and undo all
of this side and start again but you
know it's good for a fever coming and
building a trampoline outside on the
grass with all the flowers great idea
Alfie kind of had to stop with the
trampoline because you do need to people
like it's a fact you can push it as much
as you want but you need somebody else
there to pull it or push from the other
side so literally upset that the camera
you throw a dog that way
that's the kind of relationship this is
guys didn't know you film a Thai babies
couple goals she's throwing at me
literally throwing at me knowledge
standard that I what's going on
I haven't shown you guys this part of
the house kind of thing this here this
is my new office I've been getting
comments so much over the last couple of
months so more daniil if you office
anymore Alfie and the reason why I don't
go to that office in town anymore simply
because I don't have it I don't have
that office anymore the rent was up and
then when we were moving into this place
I got myself a new office so and
obviously I can tell you guys I can show
you guys that I no longer rent the
office in town and I now have this place
which is currently as you can see
absolutely full of boxes of all our
belongings there for our house we're
nearly done I feel lot of this stuff is
actually for the office itself but we've
got a lot of a lot of stuff to do so it
doesn't look very impressive you're
probably thinking let me see your new
lovely office and it currently looks
like this I'll show you it will be done
throughout the vlogs and you'll get to
see at one point it was completely
everything it
really really lovely that I've got like
my 1 million plaques on the wall over
here it's got little coffee bar little
kitchen the area you'll see over time
it's called out filming rooms and stuff
like that as well obviously before the
building that I was using for my office
was massive and open plan which was
great and it was really cool made a lot
of fun there but the audio whenever I
was vlogging off us to shoot main
channel videos there putting this blog
videos wasn't very good because it was
so echoing stuff but this place here
isn't actually an office office is just
like part of the house but I have turned
it into my office for now I mean not so
right now it will be I'm going to use it
as an office but it's not actually an
offices
I don't know you'll see once actually
comes together another box and stuff
throughout the way this is what our life
has come to trying to find things for
particular rooms always trying to find
coat hangers for our dressing room and
we have no idea where we put anything
and it all more boxes upstairs as Gees
so super super exciting we've just got a
ton ton of unpacking to do I'm like
sweating out from carrying box after box
after box after box I don't want to be
that guy that lives in England and as
soon as we get one sunny day complains
about it being too sunny and too warm
it's not too warm it's not too sunny but
it is too warm and it is too sunny to be
carrying boxes but this is this is the
day where you just want to be like
chillin in the garden with a nice cold
drink or on the beach sunbathing or
something I'm sort of sweaty and gross
topless 5:00 in the evening you taking
my laptop and a shopping list and I'm
off to try and upload my vlog and get
some food shopping sorry about the late
vlogs but make sure you understand we
literally have to watch internet in the
world out here
we more or less don't have internet and
this house - vocals getting sorted in a
couple of weeks stuff that there were
that there with us we're doing them
doing our best this is how bright the
Sun is that you literally cannot see me
in my car so I'm having to hold my
laptop in the way and hopefully hey
there we go
and I wanted to tell you guys so I came
out and I've got no free hands now as
you know I came out to upload my vlog
which I've done my vlog is up it was an
hour and 10 minutes late I apologize but
I mean I did my best you guys are really
really loving the Blanc which is good
have been reading your comments and
stuff the second reason why I'm out now
in the car was to I'm going to put this
down and you guys just won't see me for
a bit all you still can the second
reason why I'm out in the car was to get
this shoppings over on a shopping list
which literally says raps milk
raspberries freezer bags small loaf of
bread lemons ham more ice I honestly
thought that said more zoella and she
was joking about this as mozzarella and
bottled water I kind of forgot to bring
my wallet
out with me I didn't bring it so the
only money I've got
we keep emergency money in here if we
ever need it so let's see how much we've
got 15 pounds okay that's a bloomin good
start that might be enough as it is and
then we've got a load of coins here oh
my gosh i legit think we're gonna have
enough let's go a little basket number
three is raspberries that's right by the
door there we go I don't think they sell
raps in here I mean this is more or less
kind of like a rap isn't it
she's getting brown pitabread I'm going
to say considering because hidden I
forgot my wallet that could have gone a
lot worse we've got we spent 14 pounds
10 when I had 25 pounds on me and the
only thing is that I went to such a
small place to get with the food so they
didn't have everything I needed so I
think I've got about eight out of the 13
things that's so much better liking like
you can
actually bloomin see me now you can see
that I've been sweating all day and I'm
gross another down my hair but it is you
can see I've set way to shop in may or
may not have bought myself please do
remembers when I used to be obsessed
with magic stars like I literally oh my
gosh I love the I mean I still do love
them so much I just don't eat them that
much anymore a lot of people ask me
whether I still have a Pierre box or not
good at one boy I did have a fear box on
YouTube but man things got crazy you
guys used to send me so much mail me
marks you sepia box opening videos
doesn't if you remember them used to the
video series on my pointless blog
channel a Marxist channel called mouth
v-mail and we used to open fan mail
together yeah it was crazy I think I
cancelled my peer box when I had 40,000
subscribers that's how long as I'll
account with it we used to have to drive
the Marx's car to the Pierre box place
and have two taxis waiting outside fill
all three of the cars and just lock them
back to our houses even though it would
kind of be a bit crazy I think I look
quite like to do peer box with you again
imagine for a video if you guys could
just send me whatever you want yet hope
you're nice stuff Tim I am Pierre box
and then I've opened up in a video you
could send me that crazy cool thing if
more do you live across the world or if
you own like a really small clothing
brand and company you could send me some
of your clothes not wear them in my
videos or you could just send me a
letter I'm not the real reason the mall
might take a while probably won't read
them in the video I've got a cool boss
security guy now because we have all
liked so much bloomin security and tete
in this house it's insane we've got
these things in like the corner of the
rooms everywhere that as soon as we go
to bed or we go to see what we got sort
of a house or we come particular rooms
all the security like kicks in and then
if we ever get broken into or there's
any intruders it's like instant calls
the police
loads of like crazies Shapira to stop I
don't really know another thing we have
in this house which I didn't know we
were even getting but I love it makes me
feel really really safe it's panic
buttons
we have panic buttons hidden all over
the house and if you press it at any
time any time during the day if you
press a panic button or during the night
24/7 365 days a year
every single police car in the area that
is available will come to the house a
police helicopter will come the police
will climb over the walls of the house
and check every single place in the
entire house like so the other day I
said to the security guys what if I
accidentally press this button or what
if we had like Amelia and Eduardo war
kids one day or we had kids over and
they press one of these panic buttons
could I bring up and say oh it was
accidentally pressed and they will of
course you can because if you had been
like kidnapped or if somebody else can
knife or a gun to you and they said call
up the police and say you accidentally
pressed it they wouldn't listen to you
they still come to the house they check
every cupboard everywhere the entire
police unit that is available
helicopters above the house just to make
sure that you're safe like even if you
even if you told them you're safe they
don't trust you in case somebody has
told you that you have to say you're
safe
so I've got to jump on a call now
there's a fly on my leg I've got to jump
on the call now to finish up the last
step of the process within the next half
an hour everything is lies like all the
security ordered the cameras outside the
bloomin house we have cameras everywhere
that is literally monitoring like over
all the walls around the house over all
the gates and everything's even
everybody who like rings on our door
though or comes up to the gates is all
recorded tracked their face light or
trap detection set like and then it's
not this is absolutely crazy so I've got
to jump on the phone to do the last tiny
little bit some stats setting up and
then after that after that I feel so so
sober them and safe in here then they
serve tonight got lots of different
little things look set guys we've got
Jamie Oliver brownies that Tracy's made
and then we didn't have any ice cream so
we just mashed up a couple of magnums so
those about to test out our waste
disposal with a little food disposal oh
boy it just fell down oh my god right
maybe now push that in
how do you make it go literally I
haven't had a bath or shower in our
voltage I already had a shower you know
on this way it is literally like a water
fountain I was going to have a shower
tonight when are my niggas jumped
tempted to jump in with you I don't like
to go this year for a couple of minutes
I really look at it I kind of forgot to
end yesterday's vlog so I'm just ending
it off now this morning ending it with
the guineas the boys all good in there
you'll cuddled up you can probably hear
who's in the kitchen I'm not going to
tell you you're probably going to see on
snapchat or Instagram stories or
something like that but we've got a
guest over today and a couple more
guests arriving in a minute but I wanted
to show you something because I want you
to get excited because it is going to be
happening again soon this is our Sims
iMac well not since this is always iMac
but all of her work stuff but this is
the computer that we play Sims on we've
unpacked it guys Sims is coming back I'm
super excited if you are give the video
a thumbs up and it's time to end the
vlog I hope you've enjoyed it if you
have oh wait what do you say give it a
thumbs up OS then again today today
we're having a water fight in the garden
me I'm just going to tell you is
involved me Zoe mark poppy and Sean
we're off to going buy a ton of crazy
stuff for the water fight water pistols
hundreds and hundreds water balloons
we're going to have a big water fight
today which will be in tomorrow's vlog
so get excited for that
and I also do plan on finishing the
trampoline today because sean is coming
over market here Poppy's coming over
Zoe's here we can have enough hands to
finally build the bloomin trampoline
that we've been trying to build for the
last two days and we haven't managed to
thank you for the love and the support
the views the likes the comment
everything has been phenomenal recently
on the blogs and it means so much to me
that you guys are enjoying them and
loving the new house I'll see you
tomorrow
at the car
