oh boy your sunglasses stop my frog
because I can't see good morning guys
very and I just outside chillin back to
breakfast
we were just try and say how blooming
lucky we've been with this incredible
weather like it's another amazing day
today I don't help because the UK barely
even has one nice day let alone two in a
row let alone three notice this the
fourth in a row and today we've got
Zoe's mum coming over like I said in
yesterday's vlog and oh my gosh these
sunglasses look ridiculous on the
adorbix close my eyes and we've bought
we've also got possibly Joe sugg but we
can't get through to atrani call him see
if he is actually coming or not today if
you saw yesterday's vlog you'll see the
dad built the hutch mum and dad are here
back Tracy's here now as well and we're
just sorting out with the guineas we've
had so many tweaks and you guys so many
comments so many everything every single
way of contacting us saying where the
goodies they get you to them with mom
and dad and now they're just so we're
just sorting out with a new home now
looks so good we're a little bit
skeptical because awesome their stairs
just went up now their stairs go like
this we've got to try and make that jump
which I'm sure they'll be able to do oh
they just eat these they love them you
exactly mom's been pets at home
this final their snacks geez they got
more treats than us ah
oh my lover that when he just got
dressed for the day spotted some short
fresh white t-shirt down my hair TT for
a little trim off my stubble let's check
on how the guineas are going hey boys
have you gone upstairs yet no so I'm
just got some lash this is the first
time that we use in the hall and the
first time we using the new pan is
rather than what yes for this vlog took
me like five minutes to work out how to
actually turn the fire on we've got this
thing here which is I can new extractor
and look at it and then if you can see
like it literally sucks it down and in
and you guys see that
this profit all gets sucked down we're
trying to show the guineas that there is
an upstairs
we just put peeping upstairs but yeah
they're just going to stay ones can have
a drink and one's going to have loads of
food good boy
go on no good bye Missy we'll see you
soon she's hanging out of your mum
though she shouldn't he says we're
currently off I didn't bring my laptop
not that I need it we're currently off
to to go and try and find Wi-Fi to
upload a Zoe's vlog because I've been
uploading my vlog you might even see me
I'm not exaggerating when I say this
I've been uploading today's vlog since
11:30 11:30 this morning and it was only
two minutes late and it was two minutes
late 502 somehow someone's ringing me so
I snuck off into the garden I God
believe I'm doing this we've literally
moved in like two or three days ago I
think it's about half past 7:00 in the
evening and I'm about to build a
trampoline that have owned for nearly a
year now not realizing that he actually
takes very very long time to move house
and as I said I've kind of owned it for
like nearly a year now this is the
biggest Shamblin this company make they
sent it to me for free they contact me
saying do you want us to send you a
trampoline and I was like yes actually
wait hold off I've got a fun project
that I'm working on planning on moving
house so can you send me the biggest one
you possibly can make like these biggest
trampolines they've sent me the biggest
one that they make as a company they
offer to come and put it together for me
which is lovely of them I politely
declined because I still a second put a
company together by myself however now
I'm realizing how many boxes there are
and how complex it actually looks
probably should have taken their advice
and had somebody help me out do that I'm
going to try and put together the
world's biggest ramp bought the biggest
trampoline that you can possibly buy
whilst I should be unboxing the house
I'm building a trampoline
on this we don't know
oh my god that was so heavy
ah as you just saw that is part 2 of 3
and 3 of 3 part 1 of 3 I let you can't
even lift up the box it's so bloomin
heavy that the Sun is going to set
before I can actually enjoy this last
box to open just open it up the
instructions
everything is finally taken out in the
Box trampoline and enclosure assembly
instructions that is the one oh my god
number oh sorry is coming guys what do
you think what are you making your
trampoline yeah you've not done too much
so far you know long this is taking
I've just got the instructions out and
it says a prop it takes approximately
two hours for two people let's build it
together night camera is when they said
big they lit men massive this is
ridiculous
thank you so much this is not sponsored
if you're thinking it sponsored this is
not sponsored is up I just need to now
screw every single leg in with two bolts
in each one I'm going to gonna have to
leave it there for now guys it's time to
eat dinner here to get in god this is
amazing
I am hello who's that oh it smells good
and saying that just because it's been
against my face or maybe it's my hands
that smell good now is my hands as the
hand Walker I used I didn't manage to
finish the trampoline it was definitely
a two-person job
yeah should we work as a team tomorrow
and finish the trampoline I'm going to
finish off a project trampoline tomorrow
morning and by tomorrow lunchtime 100%
in the video thumbs up if you believe me
by tomorrow lunchtime we will be jumping
back flip in front flip in side flipping
on that massive massive company I also
need to do some more I'm back in the
series now I actually do
I'm back a lot as OE has done quite a
bit today at her stuff all of her
clothes and their shoes and everything
is looking incredible and Ivan Ivan put
away any of my shoes upstairs is more
just like sleeping
whereas downstairs is so enjoyable
exciting and enjoyable and new then I'm
spending all my time down here anyways
I'm going in the blood guys thank you so
much with the love and support as always
the vlog that went up tonight for me is
killing it like absolutely smashing it
so thank you for the love the support
the thumbs up yesterday's video got
5,000 likes within 12 minutes like how
is that even how is that even a thing so
if you haven't already got em low give
the video a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already subscribed and I'll
see you in the morning
man
Hey
