good morning little one you've been out
in the garden playing good morning guys
I'm going to attempt to use this coffee
machine I have no idea what I'm doing
also last night sneeze sleep last night
last night's sleep oh my god what kind
of speak last night's sleep was so
bloomin comfy like the curtains that we
had another old house were really shared
like really really see through so it was
never really pitch black or is never
really that dark but because in this
house we've got so are they working to
show you we've got these like shutter
things with what these you can go there
and we've also got those and curtains in
our bedroom
it is like pitchman if in the middle of
the daylight right now I went upstairs
now close through the shutters and then
the curtains
every pitch black even though it's like
four per lights now basically glad a
really really good sleep it was a proper
pitch black but it didn't mean that it
was way harder to get up this morning
books there's no like daylight coming in
I could have just slept and said like if
Zoey wasn't here to work we are I
wouldn't just woken up a bit like 11
o'clock it's currently 8 o'clock tonight
test strips in the water for one second
we have to strip the strip
Oh No one minute except is it in here
thank you sit out is the test within
this bit no that's not possible
oh we've got the biggest box in the
world down and I'll sell out full of all
instructions and different things that
we've hey hey Eva I believe this little
thing
Oh must be it coffee volume milk
temperature it looks like is about 1
minute later is actually an hour and a
half later maybe even two hours we've
had some people some electricians come
over and fix this because whenever you
touched it it gave you an electric shock
smelling good
so back to making my coffee just two
hours later and a big one yeah that's
good
it's got a little screen you choose
which chronic offer you are is that a
latte yeah every water okay so what milk
temperatures you on or do every milk in
there do ideal Oh this afternoon I don't
know something all right
there we go
and comment
Wow okay stop milk
stop oh my god
don't make it like night yeah wearing
whatever then you have to go again huh
yeah here the bottom
oh shut up is it now is the pressure for
the latte art well I can't do that they
are so I wish I told you how much milky
assistant like her it does take you on
the side
hi what depends what kind of coffee you
want because now I've got so much milk
right where's all the froth coming
they get quick dish and jazzy art icon
oh there's my jazzy up okay burping
effect there's coffee in the new house
you know when you see people in the
coffee shops and they got a desk sorry
afterwards being serious now actually
inches north of Phoenix is the new
machine tastes really good but also
ideal temperature like actually is the
only thing that isn't ideal is the mug
because I'm burning my hands holding at
by the actual coffee oh my gosh is buzzy
boy something over in a minute
bus coming over to play what's happenin
where are we
all right I see in a bit goodbye good
luck I'm well aware that it is many many
hours later since I last filmed a vlog
clip I've been busy moving house with
mum and dad and stuff and I've been
unboxing more and more there's no point
machine it you know the drill and moving
very good house still well locks and
everything but I'm just popping out now
because you know I said that we did all
of the removal ourselves without hiring
a removal company to help us do there
we've got to go and return the van back
today by five o'clock and the time is
currently hot boss pour and I haven't
uploaded my vlog because the Internet's
do isn't sorted at the new place so I'm
going to go and try and find some a fine
internet meet up with my friend a cell
return the van also fill the van up with
petrol which is Jeff to return it full
of petrol we've got a lot of lot to be
getting from with and the vlogs you want
to be up in 40 minutes I do have to say
this is an absolute mish but we've got
the van aces driving the van at the
moment to drop it back we've also wanted
to not with petrol and it's got to be
there in seven minutes and then we're
currently about 15 minutes away and kind
of haven't got petrol yet I mean it's
going it's going good through a strop
off the van and the people people would
just leave in all packed up and they
said that we can drop off the keys
through the side a different effect is
it no it's not my size check there's
open authority here they're flat yeah oh
that's the petrol bit on my side we've
come to the wrong side and now we've
realised or just remember that we need
to fill it up with petrol we nearly
dropped a fat were part of attacking
then you get charged like 10 billion
down
or temple yeah them build their liter
also realize that I've met lunch today
which is kind of like pop are six hey
look who it is
Zoe one minute another one one minute
another one two hours 40 minutes later
and I'm finally hollow geez that I
literally thought I was going to tell it
half an hour two hours 40 minutes
alright it's all sorted and it's all
done hello birdie oh I just missed that
on camera I stopped recording clover
where is she
ah going to scared the blooming me crap
out of me I thought you're going to be
asleep in bed and you're actually not
you're actually fully dressed and make
up top and everything dropped in the
basement go just watch out there's a
ghost down there 707 Zoe setting all the
dishwasher no not the dishwasher
the dishwashers here in our kitchen
she's set in the a washing machine and
tumble dryer I've got really a teeny I
think it's from carrying boxes upstairs
Zoe's offices at the top of the house
and I spend a lot of time today with dad
carrying boxes all the way to the top
and I am a blue meanie but he's paying
for it right now just my left one also
shout-out to Shaun mr. Sean Elliott OC
May decibel an empanada like do you need
90% of it is Gordon much bigger than
that made us banana bread thank you very
much Sean it is delicious
this isn't plan for tonight not to
consume this but to actually um fill it
because currently we have some
out-of-date chicken pasta some chicken
that I cooked up for the dogs a giant
cookie I just chopped it up
and two bowls of mini eggs I think this
was my mum which thank you very much mom
but not really a significant dinner
however lollies delicious shall we go I
really hope I got a shot photos like you
nearly like that guy you know that goes
or whatever he does you're annoying I
would always use it for me you know I
did hey what you didn't what so let's go
get some food so I'm super hungry like
you've been eating mini eggs and that's
not good for anyone that's not good for
my abs it's not good for my stomach it's
not good for my self it's not I mean it
tastes bloody good don't they this is
one of my favorite things about the
house you have to stay up here and show
you if i zoom in not the football but
can you see the rabbits down there in
the garden as well there's another one
so cute
it gets so many little rabbits every day
in this garden oh and I've got a fly on
my hand
hello mate oh that is just great
focus oh there's less in focus there
come on there we go can we talk about
how crap my outfit is today I've got a
t-shirt a plain white t-shirt that's too
short for me some tracks e-bomb shorts I
feel oil on
so if family looks like a weed on it
slightly which I happen and then
actually now do you really like these
shoes is really nice but my whole out
there is a little bit ignore the outfit
today what are you doing back down in
there in the hole eh
hey it looks like you've got you know
warm on rats when they shoot they come
from the hips are theirs she's mine you
me so you should never have to hold up
oh oh no one press the button to go down
which is busy vlogging come to wait
toast I didn't know what pound coin you
need for the trolley - oh so I've nearly
chucked you out
sounds like you don't need any pound
coin all I'm saying is this is what it's
about
oh my gosh I do not know what just get
this stuff salmon chicken salad
give me that juice and also I promise
you and I say this this is not why we
came here
sushi daily this is wrong to all of my
trolley and I've left Zoey as well over
there you do salmon control salmon
control chicken salmon control this is
the boy there is nothing that love more
serious than buying a new toothbrush
there's something about it let's go for
this one you are new toothbrush
yeah I love new toothbrush do you not
like that oh yeah you have haven't you
I just love like a really firm
toothbrush this we chose is got a little
wine bar or just let so you can do this
the best you ready we have 110 each you
do it with the white ones order with
these ones
we don't actually have a frying pan I
don't know why we don't because we used
to have one of the old house but it ends
I plan to be didn't reply Madame's oh
it's just that because I just bought
some bought some chicken they want to
fry those oh it's going to be a little
bit difficult we're gonna flip the
frying pan so then all sides to buy we
can go for a 16 no 26 or 30 so that's
pretty damn big it's gonna go to be
better feel like this just going to be
better in the long run dude dude food
we're actually so nearly done this is
the last aisle which is always alcohol
aisle which is very very tempted to get
some new jeans in fact I did just buy
one moo-jin
is possibly my favorite Jean it's a
spiced gin we've ran out couple months
ago I just saw it now on offer it's like
four pounds off so I had to go for it or
journalist we think of the trolley away
things of it we've got a ton of stuff
away mom and dad along the way Nollan
buds are on their way over how being
Sean might even be on their way over you
know even tell you how draining the last
couple of days has been so so exciting
let just like oh my god the size of that
rabbit in our garden by we far away
within this food and then I need to have
my sushi party it's going to be a solo
sushi farm tonight
there's nobody else got sushi
mummy-daddy body eatin probably a short
of already since there's literally just
me and Zoey and Zoey look like sushi so
on so I'm going to have a similar sushi
party tonight
I'm fine with that it gives a bloomin
love sushi and as I said earlier I think
I might mention it probably like five
times in the vlog now because I just
hungry haven't even had lunch yet
there's ten five nine when it's 10 past
9:00 in the evening haven't even had
lunch yet the solo party is about to
begin my solo sushi party yeah because
everyone else the reason you need a duo
I got so much of a party dad is asleep
on the sofa already over there I didn't
even wake daddy what did you say just
relax it jeju-do who it is about the
geology behind
would you be mine
doo doo doo de de de de de de sushi be
mine Oh loving this flyer so much I
think she likes loved islands as well
yeah
mom look how Nala was when we came in
mom get your feet off right there get
honor yeah don't tell you a truth
probably and you'll never forget you
I'm gonna buy buy fibers going keep
going
what do you hope you're gonna do okay
okay that motion
I'm a barrister on an athletic team life
actually during a little rally is it
easy I don't know I'm still filming on
our face young man is there anything
you'd like to say to alpha Sean yeah go
subscribe to on Ellie I see id vlog i er
VA he like to play cop you'd like to say
to our face
I lost audio on that clip on it's my
vlog you know when I shot myself at
yesterday's video Zoey's on her video in
the background again 7,000 new subjects
today for Monsieur
it must have actually rise so maybe we
should give up my travels and he's
obviously mom georgette to 1gk incident
yeah Nick where can we find you -
oblivia I believe of Livia Masha was in
London today he popped into the office
for me and picked up a oh my gosh
she's so bloomin cute picked up a bag
full
these aren't any of your ones these are
the ones that I've ordered for myself to
just have some memories for footlight
cannot even I couldn't even hold them
all at once look how many there are in
there fidget spinners little pb-1 and
these already sold out by the way as you
guys know and tons of PB fidget rollers
as well we're going to watch love island
we're going to go to bed we're going to
chill out we're going to hang out I'm
going to drink the rest of my gin and
tonic and I'll catch you in the more air
thank you so much for the love and the
support in the blogs recently today's
vlog that went up today for me it has
been insane like it's already got over
thirty or forty thousand likes
ridiculous absolutely ridiculous if
you've enjoyed the vlog give the thumbs
up let's see if we can get this video
more likes than yesterday's video that's
your task today subscribe if you're not
already and I'll see ya see you in the
morning or tomorrow we possibly got mr.
Joe sugg coming over and also Tracy's
are in Joe's mum do anything you want to
say
nothing happy in hired and given my see
in the morning
