good morning Dougie's good morning today
is a big day today
tonight is the first night at the new
house if you don't know I'm talking
about you need to go check out
yesterday's vlog if you do know what I'm
talking about you can understand how
bloody excited I am and Nala doesn't
even realize it's happening it's the
first night tonight NOLA I need to get
dressed
sure my face moisturize my face and dad
I'll see you in a second
we're back in the new place I'm back in
I'm back in I don't know I find starting
my vlogs is always weird can everyone
want me to say good morning guys
I don't even know what I want to be
saying so I'm just saying good morning
Hayden what you up to
let's get today off with a nice fresh
cranberry pony not fresh Ashley Graham
bridges
got cranberry apple milk or water of
course you can have Apple I was never
too much of a fan of cranberry when I
was younger you know but you know why
I'm I'm drinking it because it wakes me
up makes you feel good what
you turned to everyone I've got a urine
infection I don't know even infection
guys and where should we have our drinks
should we have vertical coffee bar I
know you do but so do I let's just have
a little morning drink obviously we
don't wake up here we stay at mom and
dad's last night guys we've just been
hanging out with the dogs this morning
and stuff and mom and dad get back later
today pop in Sean of work in today and
we're just back at the house got more
more what what we got we've got more and
more like literally endless amounts of
unboxing today I don't know how long
it's gonna take I reckon realistically
if we just alright you know take a
couple of weeks a couple of weeks to get
through everything this is one of the
issues guys we've put so many different
belongings in so many boxes that we
don't know where anything is so not only
we unpacking all our belongings but also
having to find the boxes that have the
belongings that we need to unpack in
does that make sense as oh he just now
was like tonight is my last night here
and Zoey just now said after you where's
all the boxes on for shower stuff my all
our things that were in the shower rooms
in the old house I have no idea we've
got our 10 trillion boxes I don't know
like we did right obviously on the top
of the boxes what was in each box but I
know but I mean idea oh my gosh that's
tempting tough some chocolate I have
left I have no idea where the white box
is off anyways I just wanted to sit down
as well because I've just been editing
yesterday's vlog which was like the
moving vlog and kind of thing and I'm
quite where because I watch Zoey's video
through as well I don't seem that
energetic or happy I seem more like
to call and I think it's because I was
so nervous with how people would take
the fact that we've moved house that our
speaking so I don't have to know to know
to describe it
basically I definitely show how excited
how happy and how this is only for us
like we literally I haven't even I
haven't even had a we in this house yeah
yeah I've already blogged it and then
did that day and um filming the second I
haven't even had a we're that's under
this house is for us so it's still
sinking for me it still doesn't feel
real it still feels like I mean like the
crazy air B&B or hotel or something but
I just wanted to say that I am super
excited I don't know it's crazy guys
it's crazy
let's see what's always been up to what
have been editing it looks good I think
I think it looks really good we've got
to have the most everyday things at
normal Heights all our plates and bowls
and stuff what our glass is and then the
alcohol section which is the stuff that
you can't reach yeah that's really good
we are a bit worried guys can you let me
know in the comments if you know
anything about shelves
well these shelters hold all of our
stuff exactly they are they're meant to
be for pantry stuff so this is our
pantry of them
I got send that to the Pierre box he
looked amazing but no way
lemon our top where Toby coming back as
you do this is the heaviest thing in the
world
machine sushi maker and bar that would
be the perfect one Jordy for the
teppanyaki
I haven't blogged for the last three
hours or so I just went with my friend
Acer as you know we told you in
yesterday's vlog that we literally moved
everything ourselves we rented a van the
plot all the plants are outside look
there so we rented a van and moved
everything ourselves including we just
jump back in the van me and Acer and
went back to the other house and picked
up the soap for super quick so that
other house is completely empty now so
we've got the corner sofa here as well
was some last-minute little suitcases
but all these plants as well that we
need to put inside can we talk about
what the plants we now have in here it's
literally beginning to look like the
house goals of a jungle look at this
dining room bit up here Godley quit my
camera battery's still gonna run out
look at them we've got big one over
there as well little guys over here
looks so sick love with the plants
don't you worry guys Zoey just found the
box the box of all boxes all of these
different batteries all fully charged
and the charger it is officially nine
minutes until you guys find out that
we've moved which is super exciting of
videos are going up before mum and dad
if you can see in the house that is how
real time we vlog like our audience you
guys who watch these videos have seen
our new house before my parents yeah
they've seen it but not when it is like
finished they've seen it when it's got a
ton of building works being done on
there poppin showing it off to go and
buy some food because our fridge still
currently looks like this
nothing in it except for a little bit of
an egg marrow sandwich and some wine
tonight's going to be the first like
proper family evening it's going to be
super super nice we've been so lucky and
so fortunate with the weather it's like
proper pulled through and we've got
complete blue sky like a constant one
cloud in the sky right now we've got the
whole team here now dad's here mum's
here Shaun's here Poppy's here well
making dinner I said I felt bad earlier
and you dad my vlog went up it's showing
parts of the house before you and dad
had even seen it and Zoe's as well
nobody know but one say it is get the
videos up we showed our audience before
you guys didn't even see they're just
making a couple of GMT you know what's
happening
Oh bloomin heck this looks amazing
you know I was literally watching TV
advert earlier at mom and dad's with
fawns Naza oh I want porn so bad but
dinner know that I can have one
nazaries on halloumi duty more protein
yeah I got that I got that Peter we've
got like a platter for dinner tonight in
the got all left my drink on cover get
it completely forgot
they'll shoot the time-lapse I've been
showing that around upstairs
just remember we've all finished up
having dinner now it's getting a little
bit just a tiny bit breezy outside so
I'm gonna shut shut some juice towards
the others are all just chilling in it's
a TV room in the lounge
hey just guys there you go have a gin
and tonic
there you actually are drivin we've
somehow persuaded I've ever having to
edit things out you see of you what are
we watching
it just suffer bad yeah well it's just
not that common sense be fine yeah let's
watch the new human centipede there
isn't I haven't truly original add an
adventurous new one I don't think we
have any tree that's worse see cats one
their source box at mom and dad's so mom
and dad's that's where what Jen that is
one Sean Oh was somehow watching
dirty dogs in 2017 publish button shoes
and Sean on the car pair
yes get your shoes off mom guys Clemence
everyone's running on the bloomin new
rugs with their shoes on we need to go
pick up my dog also women get some
comments about the guinea pigs asking go
away the guinea pigs are gonna be here
but we've got like a new living space
are you sure we've got a new living
space for them like a brand new really
nice run that's gonna go here and we're
building it tomorrow and then we're
gonna get them sure and I feel sorry for
you man
why you constantly take one for the team
I know by hanging out with Buffy yeah
try and stepmoms tonight get popular
stay at yours just went for my first we
in the new house I have to say okay
we're about to need to go get inaudible
I just want to show you one thing though
report this little stall doesn't it look
like someone's actual head yeah because
it'd be if it was all like fluffy like
this then that would be cool but the
fact that the hair is so straight it
literally looks like someone's head hair
no I like it it's just
yeah you sit there so let's pretend that
I'm going for a pony great quality
content
let's go got a bloomin dog
look at this mom look at this
sure and how is this happened we've come
from our house to mom and dad's and
we're still watching open your laptop I
haven't done anything
it's rude because daddy's dead
guys look at that I don't know how much
I got that on camera that cat literally
waited at the zebra crossing
and then just crossed like properly on
the crossing are you excited to go to
the new house you excited so we're back
home we've just let nod off the lead in
the garden properly for the first time
she is loving her life having a little
sniff she's over there in the corner
done if you can see Kevin him yeah
Kim and then let's go inside cuz he
where mommy's go in there see where she
goes she's like that's my sofa what is
my sofa doing in here
none alert we're home
imagine if she just we'd on there
straight away this is your sofa look oh
that's a bird so it always worries me
because when nonlin like sniffs
intensely a zen-like proper head down
sniffing it looks as though she is about
to be any second like
no of course this is because it's so new
for her but but when Nala is about to we
it looks the same as when she's like
proper snapping oh and she's gone
straight I know it she's back that no
she didn't
did you walk into the class oh no guys
there's glass yeah you can't really see
it she'll learn where it is I'm sure
she'll walk into that one as well we're
currently in the kitchen and not let
gone outside and there's run all the way
to the bottom of the garden you know
what she's doing
she's gonna get the Mavis dog and she's
eating that poo she's all the way down
there right and it filled the dishwasher
a bit oh it's already mostly full turn
it on ah that's clever it tells you make
it a cheeky little late-night bowl of
Coco plops I don't think there is a food
that you can eat at any time of the day
like you can cereal now I could have
cereal in the morning like first thing I
could have it for lunch I could have it
for dinner
I could also have it at like 1:00 in the
morning I mean pastures my favourite
food but I wouldn't have that for
breakfast cereal any time of the day I
know what you're gonna say pizza yeah
you're you're typically my fur what's
the other one I don't know I chicken
cacciatore Wow sausage mash no you know
watching love island which I'm gradually
like it more and more and more
I shouldn't enjoy it though he watches
it it's alright every day at the moment
isn't it
that probably why today yeah we're both
like glued to our phones reading all our
tweets and messages and how many friends
and stuff texting us congratulating us
on the house
anyways I can eat my cereal and then my
to send the program now actually you
know I think I might send it now and
then I can just eat my cereal and get
ready for bed and stuff I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog I hope you enjoyed
yesterday's vlog there support and it
has been I knew you guys were gonna
support it but it's been far greater
than what I could ever imagine I hope
you've enjoyed this vlog as well if you
have give it a thumbs up let's see how
many we can get down below subscribe if
you're not already terminal
notifications on leave some lovely
comments do other nice things and I'll
catch you tomorrow tomorrow we've got
another day here unboxing with mom and
dad we've got an electrician coming 8:30
in the morning it's our first day here
near our ovens got like an electrical
current going through it if you talk to
you get electrocuted no it's like a
tingle yeah like an electric shock so
we've got an electrician coming at 8:30
in the morning to drive thinks that
anyways don't know I'm telling you
you'll see tomorrow tomorrow 5:00 p.m.
I'll catch you then good night guys
are you gonna go find Nala I bet you
she's right that door
