good morning guys good morning as you
can tell I'm super super excited I can't
stop smiling and we've moved house we've
been working on this project for very
very very long if you've moved house
yourself or your family you'll know that
we've in houses super personal thing
that takes very very very very long to
do I'm excited to be able to finally sit
really we're in
we've moved obviously I film every
single day of my life so you guys are
involved in in all of this and you're
going to get to see it throughout the
vlog but I just want to keep it super
casual and now we've done had a lot of
boxes and now we need to unpack all of
our old house if you tell me what it's
like to move ourselves with no help of a
removal company I haven't told them that
yeah we kind of did hire a mover company
we rented a van ourselves packed up all
of our entire house oh hello King the
house in February we have our first
visitor we have a fly in the house look
just let me live in here we can name him
he can be offer a pet you want me hat
you've got knowledge knowledge not here
today knowledge that my mom and dad's
house today with buzzy boy but yeah this
is our first day here you will now
understand what the blog's have been so
sporadic recently I'm back to normal
blog in we confirm our internet is not
yet sorted here yet hey
in other place yeah don't try and find
somebody I'll go to my mom and dad's
anyway just thought I'd let you know
introduce you to the new house you'll
see it gradually throughout the logs
over time we need to go I'm happy I
can't do mine
you haven't filmed your with your blog
you'll have to help me can we both do it
together
I don't know I just the only stuff I've
said so far I started it and I said guys
I've moved house and then ivory feel
weird thing like now then I didn't
restart it like I say I moved houses
seems I've moved out away from you
nothing I don't play games and then I
changed it we moved house I did that too
yeah see everyone within and then we'll
start the breaking up we miss I need to
UM everyone already thinks we're
breaking up do you see that yeah because
she has been flogging I like to do
it's alright playing this like the
opposite we're like so many lovers no
happy but this is our Thursday here look
at the head size difference I'm standing
back this is our birthday here at the
house it's literature Zoey and I today
put me in Sean they're going to come and
help me to go on it's warm in here but
the super excited and yeah I don't know
wait and watch the blogs
what to lazar evokes as well she's going
to be filming her unbox the nice stuff
and how offices and my new of this and I
don't know I'm not unboxing your office
mate you know you can help me a name
okay
I would W do do yours then so we get
going where do you get if you just read
a book we don't even have like cutlery
we doesn't issue any system right there
this is the house has not got anything
in it except for like light bulbs and
stuff three bottles of water in the
fridge and they're not even in fridge
yet we've got a sound card here we've
got a welcome card we've bought
ourselves some breakfast and that is it
we haven't even got any plates do we go
on I hope excited for adults I hope
you're excited there Zoe nice to be in
there lovely new house we're very lucky
in we're very great
life was in my video and afteri film so
I didn't up to like I feel like it
hasn't be something so I feel weird
saying it because I feel that I haven't
even like come to terms with it yeah
yeah can you see that what that bird by
the way if you are wondering we are
still in Brighton
we're not like we haven't moved up up
north or anything like that was still
biking some people thought we were
moving to Scotland no never moved to
Scotland and retain imagine imagine
transfer all our furniture not belonging
for Scotland don't even a home would
have done that anyway expect me still
black base got a new house super excited
and you're gradually just going to see
it throughout one of the blogs slowly as
we unpack them we make it alright
pitch me Apple you can say this funny me
this fan this little oh can you hear me
you feel it against my wenis you can't
do anything I see I'm sleeping
can you for that I bigger than her can
you feel that
no did your neighbors own tree tell me
that's doing it up do you think you
could cut someone we knit and they
wouldn't see that I mean that that
anyways guys we are we should have our
very very excited the blogs might be a
little bit crazy we need to open we have
we Liam an infant we've got a
conservatory down here we've been
thinking walk into thousands loxias yeah
we are we've done one thing we haven't
done is open where the keys we haven't
opened conduit you're in my back pocket
you come on ocean air welcome to show me
your book then you can put that in after
we happen open to these conservatory
doors yet outside do you not want to do
it okay I think either dead look how big
that door is compared to you wait we
should do this Zoe
yeah
Oh what are you too late no no no okay
oh my gosh
there are a little bit still to finish
like and you'd like me
yeah these lights aren't putting in the
floor and stuff bit doesn't matter
we haven't even unboxed anything yet
look this hawks and savages literally
yeah now we've got some fresh air in
here should we start unpacking
yeah we're serving them in lucky right
let's go unboxing these are our unboxing
snacks that we purchase how much cheese
toastie how much is cross on be covered
in like mud
Oh fast breeze Brut don't know what
niggas are cotton ball banana bread lots
of just different little yummies that we
don't need a needle cutlery for this has
to be one of the first things we unbox
you ready are you probably just ready on
the side of the box a new coffee machine
whoo this one looks so good this is one
of my favorite things in the kitchen so
opened up like that and then are you
ready
and how thick is that they need to push
the door that away so I live copy
machines just gonna this is going to be
for breakfast stuff got some capsules
with as well or we should have bought
milk with our breakfast and we get red
coffee is hey well she is okay okay and
they're like that that's to cross I need
to learn a new breast meat have you ever
question that I think next should the de
fire that way because that's like the
main rule on Yelp my fans on shoes off
on this rug yeah for our logs for higher
we've not had a fire before yes and then
maybe put the brushes on the other side
perfect and then look okay yeah like
that isn't like the shrines are behind
it oh cool I don't know I don't know
yeah watch oh yeah on the other side
yeah I think we've done the second
matter of all you hope to release happy
egg oh gosh so much quicker than pattern
no tell me about it well I feel like I
dreamt of like packing things up for
like the last four months
here he comes with the outdoor furniture
guys report that sofa that we wanted
yay it's so hot so hot yeah
we just got the pillows to put on and
then to cut the tags off and then we're
done
this looks so good hey whoa I'm so glad
we went for this one thing we did do was
we ordered this sofa online and we save
15% didn't weigh attempt sent 15 to that
10% so we basically got one chunk of the
sofa like one of the pieces for free I'm
sweating out so much oh my gosh were
like in full-swing Sean's here and
Poppy's here oh my gosh you want to see
how much with I'm like just so far today
Oh got the new Hoover oh my gosh this is
how much we've unbox just today guys so
far that is insane you can't even tell
you how hot I am I've had to take off my
top I'm sweating out moving all these
boxes we just went and picked up some
lunch now we're just all about to have a
little break oh this is so cozy are the
three corners thank you baby I'm gonna
go this corner oh yeah that is good
I thinking my stomach I'm gonna take my
shoes off
I'm going to test this out so apparently
this sofa has got like some waterproof
technology on it apparently that's it
laughs just push it off this fail
it just bounces off what ring yeah so it
doesn't that watch but you ready yeah
okay can you guys see that look it just
like bounces off we get like 20 new
boxes to unbox over here and then we
unbox them all and it just disappears
into the house like and then where it's
gone I feel like we've literally unboxed
a million boxes but it doesn't look like
it's just disappears into the kitchen
yeah it's got evidence hot places oh not
for storage
yeah I've got like a holding some hot
pesticide it maybe got like a proper
dining room here or it could be dining
table absolutely yeah
it's very grown-up you guys will see
you'll see throughout the vlogs I go on
get that go on and legend would ya go on
down with that go on Hey
oh and that's an excuse with empty -
stop - stop tidying up probably uses any
excuse to stop unboxing
hey how's it going
I'm good I can't wait until we are the
big corner sofa for my old cozy women
we're gonna try and do that tomorrow
oh no that flies died mister you okay oh
my gosh he is so big his hands a little
bigger guys look at the size of that
there's a butterfly in here as well
well this is our dining I'm not telling
you about there's a butterfly in here
try and catch it in your hands partner
if anyone watching this vlog has a big
glass conservatory kind of thing this is
all we've got here please let me know
how we can stop flies and butterflies
and stuff coming in to the house and
getting throughout no school just a few
prints I don't know how much you're
going to be able to hear me shorty boy
ready you ready brilliant eh I'm always
ready yeah
II hope we win it all day this is the
copper one so we've kind of done
everything that we can do today so we're
having a cheeky little GMT before
heading off I don't have upset but mom
and dad are away at the moment with some
friends so we're currently looking after
buzz as well and we're staying as well
as you've seen in the blog that went up
two days ago was staying at mum and dads
at the moment so we've got to head back
for the doggies we have had somebody at
mum and dads with the dogs all day don't
worry we have a list left and by
themselves we've had something with them
but yeah this is this is it we're in gin
and tonic in the garden the new house
let me do it if I don't one in novita
icj i am guys buddy get in smo nerd-off
is moaning I never link her in the
description of my vlogs yet she might
like she's in the title and the
thumbnail it's not photos and some love
all the time and I don't like you I used
to be really good at Lincoln be bought
and now it was just a mesh sorry
girlfriend video yes I did play all
right no do you know how many people
that wear it popping very Zoe's default
in every description all her links is
already there I mean that makes s that's
why we got me a lot for laughs like for
you all right oh you guys thought so
smeller so thank you close up I
should've let poppy broad because she
didn't do any contact exactly what she
Japanese where'd she took a picture of a
rabbit okay you know she'd know yeah
just short unpack and then a long break
what was rolling about on the glass
trying to get a picture over there no
you invented the challenge did you get
the closest picture of the rabbit yeah
but how many people were involved you
know in there now the neckline was this
close how many be boring okay howdy
people in what were involved in that
game I won today you want to lie I'm
gonna link Shawn and Zoe in the
description they're not for me
in fact in fact mom's magic two hundred
thousand followers on Instagram we're
going to link mum and I'm not going to
make you eat a nice like alright let's
have a competition one of my blog oh oh
sorry neither less of a competition
right Zoe my blog
yeah committed and pop what game is this
this is me I'm George all right your
guys
what was poppy is most recent blog post
um wait can i you know this actually
with it let me he to isolate
ding-ding-ding what's not that Oh Rhonda
and is really recent so okay what does
one before that was motioning to one you
and Nick you're not allowed to lie right
I'm you read I read the Mojito one me to
Italy's remember all that you need a
picnic and so we actually always does
you know I bring like a game of doubles
open Sherlock I watched Sean's log you
watch my son's last log you're going to
get plants I always watched Sean's are
yeah I watch that as well
you don't watch anything of anyone's I
do why would you not usually what was
the last video adoption you're on an age
oh so you know I mean you lost log you
uploaded what are 18 years ago right
Sean what was probably most recent blog
post he doesn't know that wasn't a
picnic it wasn't no I think the mommy's
a bit of sign a glossier is it the one
that you could picture somebody Apple
don't do that 100 these are living in
the fridge yeah
oh my gosh a video uploaded yesterday
wedding ring in it no 14 I picked a
dispenser creating films three days 13
minutes no how long 30 minute
no it was no it was above you I didn't
watch it yeah I've definitely won no one
was there but he was like really I just
get through you know a hundred you think
you could have a favorite youtuber and
you wouldn't even watch all their videos
no I don't poppies never finished their
YouTube video I don't you never
better figure people who I've really
enjoyed what maybe finish I just might
type to subside never finished a book
yeah she might read toobut religious
club
how's the good ones in like I'll go
where you had to borrow everything I as
an every summer you got to enjoy book
club others have you read any of Zoe's
books the most of my book Sean over what
can we not have this conversation making
really so everybody without have you
filled out any on mobile I feel great
about when did you not fill out your
books
what new one coming actually Prudhoe and
now if you wanted to go below I very
complex are you really you gonna do that
part wait full blog posts or money but
no filling out odd so I'm doing a blog
post on my third book why don't you pay
your sponsor you can I pay you I pay you
today
no you can't the US consumers will be a
blog you make it colorful you have to do
a serious blog post I'll pay you
participative weather is worth three my
really nice shot to be lots of light
judging my book on that a marble back
graphic your hashtag ad I want
everything
I'll pay you know that hashtag Alfie day
because yeah Adi may be considered an
integrated by know what I'm on a full
dedicated blog post on the point is
become a unity
yeah I want it serious with my people
would be like this Alfie seriously
pension I want to do lights ponder said
I want a sponsor Instagram story have
you been like guys links down below
preorder it now serious I'm gonna do it
but without you having paid me I'm just
going to put a like ad and talk about
yeah yeah I didn't either
yeah okay super successful day no that
was so so successful with eggs actually
hurt like my I've got like I'm doing so
much yeah but Shawn kept reminding me
every time I was like oh my god I'm
sweating I'm gonna die
alphy you only have to do this one true
now we're through it we only have to do
it once only after that once then our
house is completely done come here
Yomi yeah they are super excited to see
us coming in my purse it oh my god
mother you ain't walking bars I am got
he got keys also guys this kind of
arrived at my parents house today I am
I'm not going to say too much about it
the only thing I'm going to say is that
it's for the biggest trampoline you can
possibly buy to the new garden but this
goes with this is something special for
that trampoline but I'm yet to put the
trampoline up I've probably said this 10
times in this vlog but I cannot tell you
how much I'm aching not my legs I ate
just now I was like you know I'm getting
you yeah you know yeah no it's just
aching after today so we've just ordered
a wagon no no like Mama's a Jamie
Oliver's English Jamie's Italian to my
mum and dad's house I'm so bloomin
excited this is like all I want in my
life right now somehow it's already past
midnight of that pitch perfect pause for
like half an hour what I've just been
scolded through Instagram and Twitter
looking at the pictures you guys tagged
me in reading all the tweets that you
guys have been sending me reading how
excited everybody is for this video and
finally getting back into regular
uploads again every single day at 5 p.m.
and of course some exciting news to toe
he goes over the next week or so about
my main my main point is blog YouTube
channel my office just so much blimmin
stuff has been being sorted out at the
moment and it's finally now removed it's
finally all coming together so it's
going to be good I'm guessing that Zoe's
asleep upstairs with both of the dogs
because he went up to go and edit a vlog
and then like 10 minutes later they were
like mum ran upstairs so she's probably
fall asleep editing I'm going to go yet
bedroom Zowie in both the dogs is so
cool having two dogs in the bed and I
just want to say in advance because I
know what you're going to be like thank
you so much for the love and the sport
on the vlog and I hope you're excited
for the move and the new house and new
exciting things and you're going to be
able to go up to so much fun stuff at
the new place the new garden and anyways
okay to tomorrow 5:00 p.m. but then
we're back we are back 5:00 p.m. every
single day
and part
