good morning guys how you doing I'm
currently in bed with a latte from
Starbucks my little doggy here fast
asleep with me
and look what I've got it was
downloading overnight but I've just
started playing Mario Kart 8 some would
say a super unproductive start to the
day almost a little bit of a lazy day I
think I'm just going to call that a fun
start to the day am I going to be I'm
always told I love toad what unlocked a
new parachute day so then what happened
yesterday I'll be decided to put cider
vinegar in this backpack and then to put
the backpack in the car what he failed
to do was check it what he was paying
the cider vinegar in with a liquid proof
and it turns out it's not basically you
know the stuff that I got given the
other day I've logged it the way in
which I did so you describe this
mountain and I'll tell you how I just
want a moment the other day seek very
icy water imagine going to Thorpe Park
an amusement park with your grandma the
full day that all day is super super
sunny really really circulating and then
you tell you around man socks and shoes
off and you smell a fee I think more
like you'll see grandma Fiona I've never
swung a girl must be bacon entire car no
now he knows a vinegar because
accidentally poured it all over my bag
in the girl's name
disgusting but it smells disgusting
I'm sorry I've got it I'll put the bag
in my mum and dad regarded as being able
to do it's like the bloody stinking
Bishop on the roof of the shed all over
again you don't already know I've never
told them about that you know not
thinking bishop Alfie bought that video
marks after that video he still another
way to put this it smells so bad I don't
to put it in my bin I'm not even a bit
it's just going to make the bins now you
should turn in the outside bin jinjos I
drew on the rope so you threw it on the
roof of the shed and then many a hot day
went past the cheese melted and then in
the end and it got run away I didn't
throw away no my PA through it she was
like do you know what it's really
annoying me that he's just an actor I
didn't I did I forgot about it I throw
that out the window which I didn't even
throw on the roofing I threw out the
window and laughs yeah yeah yeah me and
my PA Carrie have this thing because out
whenever up we can't say something he
puts on the roof the shed so largely in
whatever what we had not last for you on
the roof of the shed last year Alfie
found a box of tuna oh this is actually
true yeah oh my god I've never seen a
bike go so slow
Oh bless him but you know we're not we
deserve one more power he's really
struggling oh my god I feel I said hold
onto the back of the holder demand that
we do you me II got it on a pedal light
I've never seen someone go that's local
life it's uphill though we've just come
up here how was he balanced in all it's
happened to his feet down oh he's having
- he's getting off and walking I think
Oh he'd oh yeah Wow
it all rose to him he said oh I guess
you've got this really old Alfie one day
I think what happened was we went on a
picnic or we went somewhere or you went
to London he'd made yourself a tuna it
was when I was like property in the gym
mode so I made tuna pasta yeah so then
use a different bag maybe the next day
yeah and then like two weeks later Alfie
found that shoot the rest of his tuna
pasta in this bag but it was a Syrian
side of the old inside Tupperware box ah
instead of I'll be scraping out the
moldy rank this is what is ours I would
have been bad but instead of you dealing
with that he put it on the same shed
roof the same shed roof you put the
thinking Bishop on there for me and my
PA
we were like - how long do you think
it'll be there like we made bets your
roof - no is our a really long time it
was there long time so just when the
stinking Bishop went on the shed I text
her a picture of it and I said oh look
how close that car is the other car and
I said look it's like roof tuna all over
again roof key and then she went I'm
just gonna throw away I would have
thrown it away if I remember said it
well how can I think you own my PA I
would buy her I'm standing bishop first
I think you are gonna see makes more
sense but it was funny we make we did
laugh we did over laughs no that's a
cool mom having asthma or in today
what's even funnier if you didn't even
realize it's gone until ages after
what forget about now we're going to
even exist it I threw out autumn are you
going this way this is the way yeah this
is the right administrate down tell
recurring tonight we're going to vote
live Elizabeth we make it I do my voting
in the post Minnesota postal I don't
know I'll feed registered wrong and he
expected with a postal play I still vote
you don't worry nice
oh my god I can't even handle this
Mike stand still but you know there's
nothing more do yeah because there's a
cute the other end so well stack what
all stark as ice this car can get past
me
no Alfie always click I'll feel really
close or okay she's going to go for that
gone down maybe people mirrors in turn
your mirror in yeah you can ride it
go efficient aah
she's like a very good card to help her
could you hear census so be really
riveted we're stuck in traffic we're on
our way and then come out to go first
I've already voted in the post ah though
is about to vote now I hope you all
voted people who are over 18 and live in
the UK I really hope you voted I had to
strap this morning 18 to 24 year old in
2015 only 43 percent of people voted how
bad is that
yeah we're voting for our own future and
only 43% of people bothered
what did to vote that's awful otherwise
we're going to have a future and have a
country that's run by people that we
might not agree with you got to voice
your opinion and notably that you want
to run your country hear hear
yeah I mean it's a bit late you know
it's late once the drums wound up but I
hope we did vote and you can get that
yourself in the back you're doing your
part here we go at the polling station
yeah you just go in there push your
little box off post it in the little
boxy box and you're done
I would take away a simple shot latte
yeah you hear that
let me raining so much renowned mom and
dad although it's kind of a little bit
later on during the day guys it's eight
o'clock in the evening my camera battery
is flashing and I don't have a charger
with me and my parents house completely
forgot to bring a blue majora from a
vlog camera so hopefully I'm gonna be
able to find a spare battery somewhere
if not we might just return to my iPhone
just making myself up a little snack we
have my DNF that just make himself
little pitabread on there's so much good
food in that fridge but you sleepy yeah
I don't hear it that way that's that
special thing isn't there well some
singers can sing at two notes at once
did you know that no but that would be
breathing in no but some people do that
sounds like a dinosaur how she made you
have liked it like unbelievable anyway
it doesn't know how we got into that
because I made a noise and I knock off
way don't you try
she was like moving her notes further
apart and then closed seven yeah I don't
know we're doing something you guys have
wanted us to do for how many months has
it been since we've done this
thank you I February since February you
guys have been asking for this I think
or January February so view we're back
with the good old sore spot as I've been
asking for it I'm coming back so we read
the menu or not what I want to try and
do with this clear it's just one taker
okay because it don't forget much fun to
edit and these guys love when I don't
edit things out anyway so let's try not
to I want to only look at that when we
get it out get it out well it's a drink
we already know and love actually and we
already by L decide you know what just
about nitrogen and this is a match also
a fuzzy boy here and not a hill or my
mom downtown Karen gasps hmm there's a
much nice one when they're cold maybe
put on the fridge these are rain or you
already buy them I feel like did they
have one in one of the earlier ones yeah
this Muslim I mean we're not by that we
would have found out from here yeah
about this okay so what you got there
some curry crunch oh that's not going to
be one for me I don't know for me but
this looks like a little box bird seeds
curry current seeds the toasted seed
company curry crunch is slightly traded
mix of sunflower oil optimises perfectly
bringing out a spicy aroma and a mild
yet exotic Casey I'm not the biggest fan
of curry anyway or not so that's like
two things I it's nice it's a good at
like humbag snack but i genuinely itself
taste good
I just don't think I'm healthy enough to
ever think what shall a I'm gonna ask
Tori nuts and seeds yeah
um wait they don't even carry nuts they
are seeds or than or was there nuts
which cool Corrigan yeah that is good I
just can't imagine myself with the binds
and nuts
see see my kisses
Oh Oh we like these yeah they've had
these before we all know and love these
I love the packaging of that brand it's
so cute I love that it's just miniature
I'm not fan of an olive so I love them
chili as well not going to open them
because olives are wet and won so
evanescent without to eat all of them so
but when he all of them on the video
what I'll do it Chile and Oregon oh yes
Deborah Ghana America oh wait how did
they say
oregano no they died something to say
all right you know ya already know ly
lumina but yeah like alumina aluminum
Oregon I aluminum it's not a regular
only aluminium oregano I think Larry had
some oregano or this looks I love the
packaging of that this is the British
more cacao and almond water bar look at
branding on that Oh focus on it focus
focus is about a large vendors match
almonds raw cacao chia seeds spirulina
and chlorella or spirulina much higher
antioxidants and a hundred percent
guilt-free a minute that's a lot of like
spirulina chlorella match fiber
antioxidants menina like good for you
enjoy
so the spirulina is the one that flushes
everything I kissed them is exactly how
it would taste it's good good about yeah
oh my god did you hear that no wonder
when you bite your cheek and you don't
hear it rip right just crunch like
literally if I turn the camera audio up
if I still know that a camera you would
have heard that
your eyes are watering literally wet oh
I didn't hear it but your ear is a lot
closer to achievement thanks good yeah
we got up so many tastes condom like a
naked bar hmm so slow I would buy that
how ma'am
oh by the way guys this is the may box
we are currently in jeans that
mailbox I believe the June boxes
probably earlier on its way out yeah hmm
not Oh mm-hmm
I bet Marcus is one that is in that he
loves popcorn salt salt and pepper
flavored lotus seed oh my god
literally much ink not even real pop
corn oh no it's gone it looks like
little miniature brains I like them she
like look well I'm quite spicy not
pepper
the texture is weird they catch on fire
do you know what I mean they take a cup
on fire yeah I like those poor they're
really peppery mmm I just see what we
don't exceed it I've never seen done
like that my life before
it doesn't say just as ingredients lotus
seed sunflower oil Himalayan salt
grandpa that it is literally eating it
for enjoy your days my spicy mmm I would
buy that oh here we go do again to get
all the goodness of lotus seed a
nutritious natural product packed with
protein and other minerals or ingest
protein I think I prefer never shoot it
maybe it's the pepper I think I found a
texture of lotus feet of popcorn
if kind of might go like packing peanuts
yeah you know why I like this more than
popcorn oh my gosh for luck and
witnessing these cosmic my hay fever
what's better about this in popcorn
I would think giving it some you teeth
now is that I don't like bookworm I know
it's done nothing gets stuck in my teeth
this is like that doesn't happen there's
something in him it does look great but
yeah strawberry scrum ease 100% natural
one of your five a day
strawberry flavored dried cranberries
and raisins
no added sugar writing - I admit were
designed me no cartoon looks so cute oh
it wants one of our face it won't focus
Oh Mary usually good I love that I did
you taste blood it's going to ruin our
you know when you talk to a time when
they're in his life I hate raisin
I like a weird fear of raisins but even
looking at that you're hard up like
zombies not going to eat that I can eat
this because I know that the cranberry
that's not a raisin oh my god is it
stinging in your cup
the really sour you okay I'll be death
I just wish it so hard you don't need
that Oh could you be bitten it let me
have a look honestly you know when you
buy something rose up and then you bite
it again and I'm going to do it again in
minutes let's roll them let me say can
you act you see yeah oh yay look it's
bleeding ah your blood on your tongue
oh no that's a bit crampy well I'm just
going to glass either lovely but I can't
I threaten our corner oh yeah you have
to eat the rest like that so we're
really good already these yeah they're
really good 1 mm ha all right and I said
I didn't want to edit this list you're
not gonna edit have to leave me and not
derivative Oh
oh my goodness okay we're not going to
eat is now but this sounds great salted
caramel crumble granola from the
department of breakfast which has a hole
in it these were unbelievable where oh
my gosh here these are split in the
bottom wait it looks like a perfect
circle are you sure you to pour out of
it
yeah a role gluten-free salted caramel
crumble built on a basement sprouted
buckwheat combined with Lacuna and thank
you my name's old people another
Himalayan stall at the moment don't they
also do you that you're more caramel
yeah you can yes this is like everything
this is like go to three grain free
dairy free where you find sugar-free raw
pea vegan and handmade in London like
that is like could it be anymore
literally I've got a couple more all I'm
excited to try no you walk cow doesn't
even say that choco rocket roll cookies
yeah that's the one I don't know why
like a better chocolate we most
certainly do into in a flavour of cacao
and Carol with the richness of maple
syrup oh my gosh maybe Sarah and me oh
my gosh
if these taste good this is like a new
the new snack any son oh my gosh
alright that smell good when I first
open it it's not bad oh my god now it
smells amazing right here you go
nice little diamond shape I like it okay
okay
Jess Oh humbly see the thing is we
brought this I'm just going to go out
there we put it you keep more things are
often so dry but it is a quickie not
chocolate yeah but still dry mmm I could
eat this I really like the taste of it
but I'd have to turn like 8 gallons of
water or a proper big cup of tea yeah
like I really like it but it's so dry
but it does taste good I love coconut
really nice they're a good size like I
wouldn't have eaten a bigger one than
that do you think I fight about it sound
like rich it's almost like salty
that's what I mean mmm because it's so
dry
a little green tea little green tea back
I was young he talks tea obviously we
can't have that now put any boiling
water but loitering is an amazing for
amputee I love keeping the last name do
I have any of my teeth no but your ID
everywhere I love this packaging so much
this is the wild blueberry chocolate by
bike video video is a cool sounding
brand video unique combination of raw
chocolate and wild blueberries gathered
from the Finnish wilderness to create
reusable bar of cacao goodness how nice
let's go shop on this check that
branding out so it's really not that I
look and or stick on the back as well
video it's all good Wow is nice just
feels like opening something for a month
oh no they even got a small in the
inside ok
it is a toy in the Chocolate Factory Wow
ok oh no idea what that jar company know
what it's done
melted and then melted and then gone
solidly you know it can you Felicia will
have this bit no no you can Cerritos I
thought it had a really cool design Oh
like wow break over there to be fair we
probably melted this as well because
it's been sat in our kitchen window yeah
you anything changes
I can taste blueberry okay
I love licorice blueberry I can just
actually dark chocolate mmm
one thing that sauce box has made me
realize is I don't hate dark chocolate
as much as I thought I did because you
can get different strips chocolate and
also different brands dark chocolate mmm
the optimum when people get dark
chocolate so dark that it's just like so
intense
yeah but this is like 61% they somehow
make it almost taste that milky you know
my favorite planner Chocula hmm yeah
well it's kind of talking Australia yeah
that tastes milky and I had I had a
couple left over and I said to your mum
that you need to try this chocolate in
your home I had a couple of different
flavors and I'd like just try it because
I've covered
sort of it yeah and she was like all
okay she didn't seem that like pacifier
yeah the next day she was like oh my god
it was like melt it always salt yeah
well they were invisible anything in
awhile it's quite expensive well though
I heard I again I don't if this is
really my bars checked in to one of the
places that stock Hannah chocolate and
they were saying that the reason why so
expensive is because they have to import
it every single chocolate bar and panel
shop the other was setting up a
warehouse somewhere far away from here
and destroying it and making it here so
that is yeah but things like these are
things I've learned this coming beauty
products things sometimes you have to
ship things in refrigerators and you
know how expensive it is to ship
something in a refrigerator yeah like
these little things you don't think of
like to get that from Australia they we
have to pay so I
and that's why checkout and temperature
across the sea yeah which will face so
many different temperatures like you'll
go you're on the when you're on the sea
you can go somewhere that's so hot then
you could go somewhere that's so cold
and you have to stay the same
yeah otherwise you end up with like
thousands of thousands of melted
chocolate anyways anyway I think he's
doing the sauce box just his back
and I'm Emma cars about to stop so I
hope you enjoyed the video give it a
little bit be dead and we'll see you
soon with another new video hey
