it goes happy good morning guys good
morning today is officially hay fever
day what like literally my nose is so
itchy
hay fever day one that's it my first
tablet of the year just putting my shoes
on getting ready to go out because Zoe's
about to jump in the bar and recently
I've absolutely loved going to coffee
shops obviously reason number one being
that I love coffee I mean that helps
going to a coffee shop number two is
amazing food number three it's just
super super chilled I love the
environment of a coffee shop everyone
knows that you with a wig but they don't
know anybody else there and you can
overhear interesting little stories and
you can meet in chapter new people and
number four being that I can edit my
daily vlog because I wasn't just going
to sit at home on my sofa or my dining
room table just editing the vlog so I
may as well do it with good food
interesting people
lovely drinks good coffee a fever
cool you're right mate look at that it's
just standing down here okay mate okay
China
hey chai latte hey why are you guys up
for nails flower pot I failed
my favorite chocolate 2012 yep okay and
a ham and cheese person or just want one
so may or may not have just been driving
around for like 15 minutes trying to
find the best space there's been so many
available but it all come at holders
only so no one's allowed to park there
unless you live there and then I finally
find this tiny spot that I'm allowed to
park in if I pay and I park in it I like
just get my car into I'm slicker pocket
now guys I go to pay and it says that
it's free and I know what you mean it's
free every single spot on that road in
this area is permit holders only or poor
paying between Monday to Saturday so I
could have just pops in any of the
spaces because it's Sunday an idiot
always check the site yeah this looks so
Grameen good holy crap this is the gold
right here almond croissant tuna melt a
latte and I'm about to edit the vlog as
well
soon a successful time in the coffee
shop although I did I'll punch myself in
the face
I should stay there a little bit longer
than what I thought I was going to say
there it's currently half past one or 29
minutes past 1:00 in the afternoon
I'm just poor Zoe some lunch as well got
the blood completely done completely
edited thumbnail educated you need to
get home and up load it so super
productive
it's just tough plus one already we're
doing both at the same time
digits in a wizard in doing that this is
the one that never actually went on sale
guys these are no longer available now
and by the time you're watching now
they're all sold out
right yes so I do something yeah you
have to copy yeah okay three stop
oh I missed our Wow the key is really
gently Oh Vinnie rt2
you ready go back the other way reject
me one one two three four five oh three
yeah oh the other way you ready to start
here
you hit your back one watch this oh but
never actually that the other one
yeah yeah this is going to be the
sickest 1 2 3 which I'm not going to
catch on the top and it's back you ready
1 2 3
Hey hi a a we've got much more important
things to be doing then playing with E
oh I've already been there like a week
no I
I only ate them like the other day that
doesn't look like a real I can knock off
mini egg no it's not a real one try you
know you're a kid you shove something up
your nose I mean ask your attorney I
never does that
I didn't poppy do that with a what's it
called Coco poppy poppy eat a coin no
that may delay a coin I swallow the coin
was real on the motorway or something
that I'm going to stop the car
get out and just like hit my back and
OSHA coughed it up see your Chokey on a
coin yeah yeah all those ever swallow or
two or have coins in your mouth not
smile also queens are the most
unhygienic thing on me
you don't even fit your spinners but
these spinkle I just want to carry on
playing with these why not
one one two three four five it's quite a
few hours later
Zoe neither am busy busy busy busy day
busy Sunday okay mate bloom Annette okay
okay we've just put on or they were
rewinding it just because we just got
back home now it's currently 7:40 in the
evening they're just rewinding back for
the one love Manchester gig so that we
can watch it if you so much it looks
incredible the line-up is incredible the
money that's going to be raised is just
going to be in sane there must literally
be like 60 or 70,000 people at the venue
they pulled this together like so many
of the top artists in the world all
coming together to put on an insane
event
sho'nuff away from her hey my love just
Trapster than that away Love Wins just
finished watching the Manchester show
that was I was going to vlog on reaction
to watching it and like film some bits
of it on TV and stuff but I just ended
up but then I would literally like fix
eat it like I didn't even think about
filming I didn't even want to film as
soon as it started it was incredible my
favorite like aspect of it was the line
of turn one it was so just real like
people just it was all about the singing
or that be in there all about the song
choices all about the showing the love
and it was incredible so congratulations
Ariana and the team and everybody who is
there it was like he was never one who
was involved it was in saying like it
was unbelievable is unbelievable
Zoe and I were watching it like an hour
behind or so so it's currently 10
minutes to 11:00 at night poppy and
Shana mum and dad have been in Amsterdam
for the last couple of days just having
a little holiday and that's what Lizzie
boy's been here you may be doing with us
with Ursula days but they just landed
back a bow I think they landed two hours
ago and they've been home for like an
hour or something like that
and come on and we were guided men to
drop bars at my parents so that when
they arrived home he is already there
and my sister FaceTime dozens like where
the blue minion is buzzed with old so
we're watching that the Manchester show
is still going on so I'm going to go
talk you back here you're gonna go
through your mummy yeah you're going to
be so excited it's blooming late guys I
need to get this one in the car and drop
them off at my parents guys I do not -
do not I think she's coming as well you
have to stay here go see mummy all of
this stuff is also buzzes I've got to
carry back so I'm going to leave my
camera here otherwise I'm going to end
up trying to vlog and take bars home and
carry it won't work out I'm going to
leave the come here guys
Stanly leaving us so I'm going to pick
her up okay you stay here I'll take boy
okay
