yo look at today's bloom and weather
it looks so good where's your brother
where's your brother gone she danced as
playing and you'll just sleep in you'll
be in the lazy one let me tuck you in
there we go my acupuncture therapist
gave me this the other day like she
literally went out and bought it for me
not like told me to go and buy it went
out and bought it herself which is
lovely this is called cider vinegar
peroneus does miracles acid reflux I'm
not really too sure basically I take a
tablespoon of this cup every single day
in some warm water well the only way to
describe what this smells like is
imagine imagine going to a theme park
with your grandma all day you're walking
around in the sweaty Sun and then you
take the shoe and her sock off and you
smell the turf oh my god honestly this
is like it doesn't taste bad I quite
like the taste it just says I've been
agree but I don't know what you want
smelling it
a doctor while doing it it smells vile
people often comment how you can tell
the difference between buzz and Nala
guys it is so easy but look how big
buzzes look at him he's got such a big
head so it's just such a different shape
doggy am i annoying you up here come and
sit down look at this look at my hand
look they look so different
you guys find it weird when I talk to
the dogs in my vlog I get so many
comments like why does Alfie talk to his
dog like it can understand him because
she blew me Karen she's my dog she's not
my little girl I'm buzzing with nur I
got your back is got your back as well
boy if you saw yesterday's vlog you
would have seen that I released these
super super limited so there's probably
not any left link is down below just
if there are any left this is taking up
so much of my time since I got this
sample of this product made I am like
obsessed this is Sony if you've been
watching the blogs why am i bending down
if you've been watching the vlogs for
more than like a couple of weeks or
something you will know that I get
obsessed with things like Rubik's cubes
a little puzzle with labyrinths and
games and challenges and things that I
can learn and get good at quickly like
yo-yos Diablos this here this is like
the new one of them again super super
limited they're probably sold out at
barely I made the same number of these
as I did the feature spinners barely any
of them just because I just wanted it to
be special if you get one and once
they're gone these ones are gone forever
one two hey no hey hey hey I need to get
Joe something is up just jumping out the
car guys I just bought so much food you
know when you're buying food in a rush
and you end up just fighting bloody
everything because you don't know what's
going to be good and what's not and you
don't even have time to think those rice
you hand out how cool is that
just realized my kind of I'm told you
guys where we go so Joe's doing a 24
hour livestream on his YouTube channel
started last night at 6 p.m. is
currently 331 in the afternoon the next
day would go
so he's like columns we dug like 21
hours ago 21 hours he's been live on
YouTube to all of its audience and
watches videos and we said to them that
we would drive up to come and give him
some moral support for the last couple
of hours I think he's got a cool
surprise for everybody as well which i
think is arriving a core clock so that
might be in the vlog believe in that 24
hours like that's so much longer so much
harder than what you think it is the
obviously he didn't wake up at 6:00 look
inside alive do mrs. Claus he has
already been awake for something like
twenty nine hours which you think it
would be so easy to do and it wouldn't
be too hard if you could just chill on
the sofa he's like on camera entertainer
love entertaining like thousands and
thousands of people for that nightly it
for hours you know I really thank you
yeah leave that one down to Joe so he's
also trying to sign he's got a new book
coming out and the reason why he's doing
their 24-hour live show is to promote
his new book coming out and he's trying
to sign 20,000 pre-orders whilst doing
the like view I think so face I like pen
copy that 10 copies literally about
2,000 no he hasn't
yeah that's a lot that's when I saw him
flanking this morning when he was
signing I was like you need to stop I
need to go and do some star jump so it
did good day we facetimed him a couple
of times during his live show but
anyways but on the way though I think
like load of his other friends are there
as well
it's obviously coming up to the 24 hours
so it's going to be pretty like you
can't high-intensity gone Joe you got
this yeah so we're heading there now
where we're not very far away you know
I'm tired
let me say that day you can I eat this
wet tie and you can't say you're tired
because you need to eat I got you lunch
but Yemen's oh he hasn't been able to
eat either lunch because she's driving
and once you get the beginning though
you're looking great
yeah that's what everyone said it's blue
you looked and as well man yeah never
how are you so many comments then Joe
you looking good so guys make us the key
to beauty we just arrived to Joe you do
to everyone
we've been nice like 20 minutes ago oh
my gosh this woman's got two bigs with
her two little piglets alone hey pepper
don't rub its toll another page
Oh No let me brush me alum hey come here
let me brush you look I'm cool cool big
yeah are you calling Eric come on I know
you've been left out no
hey hey she goes places between there if
you've been wondering guys don't you
worry we've only been we only ever be
bond dogs at home for four hours he's
always with someone in the house
it wasn't happy of the house as well hey
you leave of you what are you doing go
for a we both of you we only ever leave
the dogs for up to four hours any more
than that was just we're not really
comfortable so where is a super quick
flying visit to London literally drove
there in like an hour and 20 minutes not
even that hung out of all of you guys on
the live show with Jo with Casper with
Jack with Josh and I forget anyone else
Zoey you guys on the live show for like
an hour maybe a little bit more then we
jump straight back in the car and our
home we're here I'm literally rushing so
much because I'm about to wet myself I
needed that we then we a we the whole
College what give me a minute
I'm currently looking on Twitter and
joking about with all of you guys
tweeting tweeting stupid why my night
focus to eat in stupid merchandise
products that knowing what I just much
not something off that knowing me I
would probably bloom and bring out where
everyone as you saw from yesterday's
vlog guys I released the fidgets spinner
and the fidget roller today for me
yesterday for you and nobody has a clue
what a bloomin fidget roller is because
they haven't seen the before there's not
like a it's not a thing
so I'm joking about what do you guys now
say what other things could you imagine
me bringing out in the future I started
off with a PD much cause yet you can buy
calls yet this BB much cause yet people
are saying trampoline people are saying
bedding people are saying wait let me
see what people are saying let me get up
my phone Phoebe DIY kit I would do that
I would do that
P be hoverboards P be DIY solid
chocolate real life-sized Emma Watson
there we go good boy oh and he's going
ever so excited
Oh Jackie looks so second a slight
angling apparently Mike the mummer's
whilst watching Britain's Got Talent
this little gala this little magician
she's 8 years old and she is so good
we're watching the results of the finals
Lincoln realizes the finals Oh No
Oh British public hi like what then he's
got to win oh my god I want to touch it
he beat her how did he bhop no offense
they're both amazing how how oh my god
how did baby earth Sarah was sick Amy
how is that magician man I'm done I'm
done if anyone watching this video owns
a record label please can you sign Sarah
she is insane oh my god I forgot they
win a quarter of a million
an eight-year-old winning a quarter of a
million battle an eight-year-old he's
got more money in the bank than your
parents oh my god
I knew it resume is happy on the little
girl that is eight years old but she's
got such a long life I'm really
emotional right no he's already cried
once they go on have a drink white men
Joe ended his live shows right guys haha
what oh my god I'm just setting up I'm
just heading out now going to my
friend's house so annoying at night
guys are going to end the broadcast I'm
off to go and see my friend Jake Emma
and Jack not my friends Alice's joy what
happy just says that he does these
things and he doesn't film them just to
make it sound like he has other friends
that he doesn't really I want my
actually doing I'm gonna beat that guy's
leave that in those gross no all guess
why I said either because they'll think
it's something from the beep but they
won't it wasn't it wasn't sexual guys
badly that's he groped was it can say
yeah I'm off to my friend Jake's house
my friend Jack's there my friends Emma
there as well whether they've been
drinking tonight so I'm going to take
those things tonight I wonder why you
see these names or to me well every time
you go meet the friendships like you
make up these names and times I these
are friends from school kill them off to
go meet em sake no jokes housing and
find out of blue from the TV I'm going
to in the block here I hope you enjoyed
it if you have give it a big ol thumbs
up I'm pretty sure by the time this blog
is up the spinners would have sold out
and the feed your molars are more or
less so that is like crazy glazy grade
you know what I heard isn't really good
thing to do with fidget roller what I'm
going to end the vlog here thank you for
the love the sport subscribe if you're
not already you want to say anything
when you get in our old age live vlog
when I get in
she I read into the blog when I get in
no I won't wake you up because I'm not
drinking at all I'm going to drive so
I'm still wake me up though no but this
is the thing I go so when I will come in
the middle and apply it I'm so quite you
could literally go like this this will
be on the bed auger at this and there we
go what you doing why'd you wake me up
no anyways catching the morning guys
