the best way to start the day
editing the vlog with some cereal
strawberries banana of course I got my
Baraka every day I'm a coffee everyday
guys I have to film this
Mikey boy focus there we go good morning
guys good morning mark boys awesome you
saw a box yeah look at this nice young
glasses Oh
they literally they're like so close
together so much face yeah but that's
the sunglasses that's not your face let
me try them on I bet you they're
literally gonna be even smaller on my
head
they've already won't even fit on my
head I feel like they look better on you
I look like a bug yeah I've got so much
face here Zoe they're gonna look big
gonna fall off your head you can have
them see I really like them but they
just look so vile no zombie a marker
going away for a few days on a trip
together so markets come around bought a
bloomin big suitcase bought loads of new
estas clothes for him to wear I'm gonna
be home alone with you guys and I got
some friends coming over and we're gonna
sorry don't bellossom you in a way you
left me what did I do
I put a trampoline and a ball pit in the
house now we've got even bigger house
and you're going away
slip and slide down the stairs like you
know when you're a kid and you go down
on like the mattresses and like and you
do they deco like Willy Wonka he's made
a complete mess of your light blue moon
oh nice
I'm glad you brought water because our
taps have stopped working
that's really lucky mark hasn't seen the
gym yet guys
and he's massively into his walk-in
aren't you yeah you like your walk-in
meetings at like 12 you know being there
with me I've no idea
Mark's got me to my office next door
mark stuck in traffic blame it on the
traffic its blame on you advise him
Evian water I've got to get back to
editing the vlog got carried away
mark arrived and then I wanted to show
him the gym and then now he's late for
his meeting and I still haven't finish
it in the vlog good luck see you soon
lunch yay jump in the car to a super
healthy place yeah mark is literally
like like a snail but instead of slowing
he leaves a trail of smell not as in BO
doesn't see in the gym before so I'm
gonna show them I will get a shot now
before we go to go get some lunch put
some shoes on
mark is a Big Jim lad so he's quite
excited
Oh they've put the right idea
oh do you like it yeah it's cool isn't
that so nice so that's a slamball and
then you pick it up over straight back
yeah
but bend your knees see ya
like that and then four of your head and
slam it down on the ground hard you can
now pick it up again back your chest
yeah
we send that to me or I'll be because I
ain't coming in yet probably somehow
both of them
oh my god I do this oh yeah
you can't you can't do the right one
if you saw yesterday's bulb you would
have seen me doing a tumeric shot like
you're horrible Marc just went for it
tumeric lost and I was like oh yeah I'll
get one as well don't know why I said
that I don't like to marry what you
regard
it tastes like cream yeah happy with the
choice so nice looks so good the postman
delivered some it really called today
and I thought I'd show you guys this is
my friend gary vaynerchuk's a new book
called crushing it and it's got one note
as well from the team saying we know
you're a fan and a friend of Gary so we
thought you might like his new book best
witness how great entrepreneurs build
their businesses and influence and how
you can - thank you very much Gary gonna
check it out gonna read it also in
yesterday's vlog I told you all that I
give away that I wanted to do in today's
video something super exciting now you
know that other day YouTube gave me that
present which was like a really cool
picture Illustrated of me I think it's
illustrated or edited somehow with your
guys comments so comments that you guys
have actually left on my videos on this
channel it's sick it's so so cool it's
in a frame it's in my office I put it up
now I didn't realize I just didn't pay
attention in the box there was some
spare copies off the same piece of art
with a little bit like this for me to
write some addresses in our names and
there is some spare copies of that piece
of art so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
sign these three copies of it here and
just give them away in this video and
just do a nice little giveaway so if you
want one of these I don't know what you
have to do I don't really like I guess
since this comments on their comment
down below if you comment on this video
something nice give the video a thumbs
up and you're also subscribed I will
pick three of you in your comment leave
your Instagram or your Twitter handle so
I can get in touch with you and say
which one is easy or Twitter or your
Instagram and I'll get in touch with
three of you and send you the sign dat
ones I'll sign it on the back or on the
front or something I will choose the
winners 24 hours after this vlog goes up
and I'll let you know how to eat your DM
you a message you that you've won just a
nice little giveaway that
wanted to do that youtubered setup for
me by sending me some spares to give to
you
marquise boy going down here I need your
help with something
now don't say Oh God it's nice we're
gonna play yeah okay I want us to vote
Flay
sign of the times together click do you
think you okay watch I'm a go oh my god
gate closed knowledge has jumped so much
when you scream and your father scream
bid car near the cinema I can't go to
you magics this turns people around
silly dude
how to see the greatest showmen for the
second time always excited Maki excited
doesn't like musicals I'm a little bit
worried that I'm gonna say I'm very
licensed since we went last when my
beard when it comes we're having like a
big film night and we watch it and we'll
watch it twice yeah we just have a
concert right okay it was we've been
non-stop dancing since we got back
Holly it's gone home she's got to go
back Mark's turn over tonight for the
next couple of days we got so into
dancing what happened
ripped arouses yeah she blogged it all a
big job it threw her through my legs
show everyone your new dance move
like the face
everyone has gone up to bed and when I
say everyone I just mean mark and Zoe
mark we're not to bed like two hours ago
Zoe went off about half an hour ago and
it's just me left I think it's like
quarter past 1:00 in the morning I want
to start that and or not definitely
going but trying like aiming to go to
bed before twelve o'clock every night
because I want to be getting up and
early getting up and early say I'm too
tired
ennui getting up early and going to the
gym tomorrow morning I've got at it or
car to get like a checkup there's a
couple of little things that popped up
on the dashboard that they're looking
into and we've got to be there at like
9:15 I want to say anything else
subscribe if you're not already to this
channel or so turn your notifications on
this is something that I don't push but
I feel like with YouTube making so many
changes on their side of things recently
to the sub boxes and stuff it's really
important for you to if you want to be
notified when these videos go up or any
of my videos not only subscribe but
there's a little bell button next to it
and hit that Bell button and it will
tell you every single time I upload just
so you don't miss any videos I'm not
trying to talk because I eat chocolate
the cinema machine Evette chocolate and
now it's keeping me awake I catch in the
morning as I said so a mock away for a
few days on Friday they go away on
Friday I got some fun stuff glad whilst
they're away it's gonna be good
okay
