coming in next class I'd give up Gemma
get your little bootie outside the young
punks look at my hair
you can pop the see like the lighter
bits now can you see can you see I
haven't done my hair young get you try
to go to the gym just have a coffee got
some breakfast cereal got to leave any
second
commissary know we got buzzy boy with us
today we got both people you with us
that was a good gym session guys it
probably looked like I was in there for
like 20 seconds to you because I was in
there for an hour each energy key that
all almonds 20 in hit energy book you
know so that's John the shower wash my
hair which could makes it go like super
super blond the highlight I've been
talking about which is an old shampoo
which I'm going to do on purpose it will
release the color of like that it's just
morning you in case my hair is like full
ordens in the next clip it might not be
it probably won't face but I just
thought I'd give you the heads-up some
about finish our it is talking where do
we do this to do it over there do we do
it in the cozy room just going to go
through it okay how can I even talk and
then I'm too excited when I used to
bring out PB merchandise when I first
ever started to emerge I used to do
limited edition items which means that I
order a certain number I sell that
number of items and then I never ever I
don't order anymore once they're gone
they're gone but ever there's no new
stock coming in no new once the sold-out
the sold out forever I thought why not
throw a bit old-school let's go back in
time let's do some limited edition merch
then we put my camera down here so I can
proper chat you guys because I've got 10
of each product myself because I can't
take any more than that what I won't
have many to buy so I don't even know
how to start let's start with most
obvious one this item has been like so
popular recently I wanted to do it
straight away I got samples made up I
wasn't happy with the samples I'm just
going to say what it is
fidget spinner I had samples made up
like this one here this is one of the I
don't know if you can see it says PB
here and then it just starts falling
apart I'm breaking it wasn't really like
this all plasticky it's not very good
quality so that wasn't any good I
different ones made up as well and they
were just too plasticky and not very
good so I wanted to bring these out ages
ago and I've had the new sample since
the 15th of May it's now June is June
this is the final one this is like v1
this is sick so set
this plasticky stuff is made out of wood
like this one here is metal and these
bits here are completely just solid
metal like it spins so much better look
at it so much better than any other one
I've ever tried like I'm being serious
now of whether it would have already
just released this one ages ago and I
could have released this from six weeks
ago so what it's really something proper
probably good if I throwback to my video
that went up on the 18th of May Steve
and I literally sat here on this sofa
playing with this fidget spinner like
just testing it all out doing tricks and
stuff
I've just been obsessed with like yeah
like number one guys they're available
right now link is down below item number
two I've warned you guys that this is a
very typical Alfie weird gadgety item
okay so I'm going to pan the camera down
a little bit for this one this item is
called
a fidget roller also also can I just say
that this here this is like engraved
into the thing this isn't like a sticker
that's stuck on these as well here is
like engraved into the word the PB low
though this quality is sick not all of
you watching this video are going to be
interested in this this is quite a weird
particular thing but since I've got it
in fact I've got white samples made as
well but they chipped a little bit and
they looked dim buddy liked it as much
in the black so I'm just so I'm just
doing the black ones it's so hard to
explain what this does and whenever I've
shown people people just don't get it
until they've tried it and they kind of
go and then they become obsessed look at
how long tray and caramel i sat playing
with these the other night
you can basically do dip little tricks
with them you are yeah
but trust me like if you had to go on
one of these and you like this kind of
like tricks learn like it's like a
Rubik's Cube kind of thing you will
become assess right watch this I'm going
to 1 1 2 1 2 3 1 1 2 oh I know that I
don't know guys there's barely anything
available if you do want one of the two
there's a link down below I've just
spent so much time making sure that the
actual product itself is great and then
I'm not just selling like crap so I know
everyone's already released fidget
spinners by now I know that you can buy
them in your corner shop and stuff like
that but trust me when I say this this
is like the one this is the best quality
you're going to find this is this is
sick I've got one more thing just to
tell you and I'm not going to say this
anywhere else they are eight pounds 99
each or if you use the code fidget when
you're checking out here fidget you can
get both of them for 15 pounds but make
sure you use the code fidget otherwise
you won't and you have to both of them
in your basket to be able to do that I'm
just so excited to be coming back with
limited edition but I'm planning some
other stuff as well Sandra limited
edition t-shirts limited edition hoodies
I just love how exciting Limited Edition
is like once it's gone it's gone forever
it may look like the next clip in the
blog this current is 441 in the evening
document
my hair is a little bit brighter for me
the alarm signal on the enemy shower
they won't says they'll have had lunch I
had a Skype call with my therapist
therapist edition of the book and
another Skype call with YouTube about
how to try and make the platform better
for the creators and stuff
and whilst read another had a TTS
meeting basically tons of meetings from
Skype and videos and phones and see
whether I've loaded evolving anything
and we just come out to do a little bit
of shopping that's fine though I don't
think they start because there were
different sizes and shapes and hit them
all one off
Zoe want some new glasses for her office
when she has meetings she I think these
are lovely yeah that imagine having
coffees in that in the morning snow this
need to do that if you have proxy access
laughter that was literally in here
that's the guy from yeah but it was that
guy from Zoe for a basement that saw
from when when the world free app I say
to in the world freezes so position here
and it went everywhere online I mean
there for your office for me that would
be too small that's not very big glass
of water jug of whiskey please
yeah why don't we get the big jug over
there
I'll get them back in the garden center
back on the same sofa those sat on
probably a we could go in a vlog though
II this time is impartial pen they again
trying to persuade me that we should get
this sofa frog on them I mean then get
me wrong it's incredibly comfy I do
really like it yeah I don't really like
that like you know it doesn't work like
that yeah like garden furniture this
doesn't do it like automatically this
looks like a nice sofa which I do really
like now don't get me wrong I love that
but it's a lot of money and is the best
we've seen but I don't think we should
stick with this right so we have another
little look I look on the web stay with
it and this is a 100% outdoor new
product that's what I'm struggling like
fine online and nothing is like that you
can have out time all time everything
else everything else you have to offer
obviously we don't want these pillows
without which like that let me know if
you guys know of any good garden
furniture websites or shops or something
you want to get something new for our
garden yeah I do like that but this one
is you can leave out you don't put a
cover on it you don't put it indoors
like most garden furniture you can leave
it out 100% of the year and it won't
mold it won't get damp and stuff for
that yeah I do like that massive
umbrella thing
that as cool as not even just for the
shade even if you even if you didn't
have it under tables I would just put in
the garden for shade what this stuff's
really like
like I can lift that without you shit
your song going to make Timmy city
actually lift it now of course if you
can I can't know your song you show me
daddy out geez you pulling it around and
also the good thing about this one guys
I mean not that I'm trying to sell it to
you guys like don't come and buy it
don't come a bike guys because we want
it but you can buy these each little
segment separately so imagine if we
bought it like this one slope
yeah but you could just buy this now
today and then I don't know decide that
it's the wrong shape for your garden so
you can just go like this
split bits like that and like buy extra
parts it's like he's isn't that right
lay down on it see what you think
left aside web apps in the garden it's
going to go see no matter when the
garden it's so comfortable to read on or
like a laptop is really comfortable we
just get it like what we wait what was
happened for we know it's all online
though we can't avoid check out women
over there you can't order it online
that's why we've come here today no have
we yeah you ever told me that I didn't
know we're coming to persuade me to buy
this who's paying for then I'll decide
okay I'm with you though threat we could
split it that is like something just
going to say my grandma would have but
she doesn't have a garden I do think we
should probably just go for this sorry
and how many people does that fear do
you get the optimum with that that's the
optimum by the way this little thing in
the middle here do you get that without
this seat can be left outside all year
round and solders individual parts to
cater for your space I'm actually faster
speak response by the sofa company that
would be the dream if they want to
sponsor me then even old company is I've
an idea what we can do
I'm happy I'm having to buy it
and every time a friend comes on the
charge retainer to sit on it and then
we're glad to get the money back if
anyone wants to come over you can pay to
sit on our sofa and then we got our
money back to the sofa you can get some
money let's say q they like matching our
outfits from this NRF it's now just
getting these a little I really like the
party range but they'll get away with
these one it's quite solid for their
mouths yeah sure
you know how we always say Martha's like
the chick penguin would come and that's
literally Martha oh no back at the plant
section
oh this one is cool let me know if
you've been watching the vlogs since I
used to be obsessed with these comment
down below give the video a thumbs up
something like that I used to be
obsessed video only one video right is
it thick it wasn't like worms but it
looked like worms it was a lumpy andreat
like it was like jelly
but like black I mean I'm not saying
that all carefully sounds like that at
all it could have been out a day it
could have been really old or something
like that that's that's what I can think
about whenever I drink one like a that's
why I don't drink it anymore that's bad
isn't it well and I mean they do have a
lot of sugar I'm not saying don't
drinking guys go ahead go drink them
they're delicious but that scratch on
alcohol that's not who there you're
driving back so I could eat ice cream I
drove here it's only fair okay I got a
good deal why don't we sit here and even
now we're given by the outdoor we didn't
buy the sofa that we wanted but what we
did do is get a booklet all about the
social salon look they're a bit clear
chocolate a booklet booklet booklet yeah
demonstration is our date while it will
purple and blue they are talking about
it makes anybody lunch there's not very
many day sharing our analyst you see is
put in your proper do you know why they
look nice
I've never had one of these it's going
to be like the mini milk white one oh
it's cop or skin you are disgusting
so everybody ladies and gentlemen there
is more already so cos it's so good in
here it's because I got them on blooming
beaches and next to houses with swimming
balls I whose house has a bloomin
swimming pool not mine look at that a
chair looks great because it's next to a
swimming pool that sofa looks great
because it's next to a swimming pool
looks like nice
I want to swim in wall can we go
swimming ball no come out oh I mean if
you had an outdoor pool in the UK you
probably use it at one day yeah maybe
every other day is too cold
imagine me the kids and your parents
have an indoor swimming pool you just be
like the most popular kid everyone would
want to go in your house I thought that
was a garden ask balls and had one I
think she got bored of it because every
time I phones can I only want to use in
the pool and she's out I don't want to
do that did you ever have anything in
your house that your friends are like oh
yeah can we come too because you've got
like what was the thing that you had at
your house that your friends always
wanted mine was that my dad made cheesy
mash just I was like click on tools and
I've noticed even actions
I love half it was like just no you
would add cheese into it like cheddar
cheese and mush up with the best back in
love they put it in a baking dish and
sprinkle cheese on the top yes and then
put tomatoes on it and it was the best
no
you're so late god I know as I was
blocking the tiny little village we're
going from life imagine have an indoor
swimming pool you'd be we were so caught
me to my dad's mashed potato is those
clear not that ordered you can order
these from the super-mo what there was
no there was none in there it used to be
see-through on the bottom and there be
full that's naughty and now there's
nothing he makes smarty are you guys
kidding me in it not played it makes
money yeah
what are you playing to get home from
here oh my god they lock it up literally
just got done it before I was gonna have
a little trinket back a smile
Smarties at the bond if I ever talk
about one in another pod again guys can
you remind me that's not what I want in
my life
we've got buzzers mom and dad a papi and
shorten our are in Amsterdam at the
moment don't get me wrong
fuzzy boy I Love You Man I love him so
much but having two dogs very very
different from having one they're just
crazy put in the lead on literally as
simple as putting their leads on at the
same time they both turn it into a game
whereas nihilist normally just loving
that give so much more Effie boy look at
mine down he never lies down and I'm -
look buddy boy how jealousy you I get
the human food you have to eat dog food
sorry about that mate look at that he
doesn't know he's already had his
haven't you mate why he just watching
Zoe has he wants some oh you said
they're robbing his face now you're like
mmm half an hour later though for the
dog isn't fast asleep this is the best
thing I remember literally only like two
years ago maybe three years ago being
obsessed with pugs and talking about in
my vlogs how much I wanted to get pardon
when I'd see one industry I'd literally
be like Zoe please can we get one
and it's bloody mad where is stupid
it is crazy I'm sitting here if I'm a
mum and dad's dog who I bought identical
you guys know that I bought baths for my
parents from my dad's birthday and at
the same time I bought niala for me and
Zoey it sounds so stupid what I'm about
to say but it blows my mind accept it
I've got two pugs here I've always
wanted a part of always wanted a dog and
a glooming I don't know sometimes if I'm
like this with a dog I don't know what
I'm going to be like with a kid one day
but sometimes I just live in Harlem and
I'm like you're my dog like you're my
dog if I had so stupid but knowledge my
dog I've got a dog I'm 23 none of my
friends have their own dogs actually no
a couple of my friends do but they do
they are tended to be older than me like
Tania and jam or Sione journeys but like
none of my friends from school or
college have their own dogs like people
might like what the heck I've got a
bloomin pug like my own pug and she's
alive I've managed to feed her every day
remember to take her out and take her to
the toilet and take on walks and limb
attack either though I'm about to watch
some Prison Break
then I may see in the morning
at the cottage
