good morning guys
how you doing hope you having a lovely
day just sat down just finished my first
workout in two weeks I don't know
whether that's a good thing and I'm not
happy I'm back in the gym or whether I'm
just embarrassed that I having them for
two weeks but my trainer it's not an
excuse my personal trainer has been away
climbing Kilimanjaro for the past two
weeks now I've meant to be training I
had like a plan a routine thing that I
was meant to be doing and kind of didn't
end up going once but I'm back today
because I stayed back with him when
super super well and I've already edited
and uploaded the daily vlog is in the
way all done all finished already for
tonight which are super happy about got
both donkeys here today we love you boy
if you come over to play go and say
hello to everyone
yeah what have you got on your face come
here
what have you got why is that on your
face cuz some fluff I'm currently at the
beat in which you kind of properly steal
the beaches behind me I just finished up
a super long meeting about something
exciting happening in the future and
just sat down on my laptop trekking with
some work got myself an iced coffee
and I've also got this awesome passion
for if this kind of thing looks super
good
I thank you I ordered a protein burger
which is basically a burg without the
baddest chicken burger I have no idea
how I'm going to manage to eat this so
I'm officially just finished the longest
meeting in the history of all meetings
it started at 1 o'clock hello ah I don't
call me login oh gosh again
she took my jacket I love your friend
gay and what was I sense I never having
a long meeting yes my meeting lasted 5
over 5 hours actually knows ID another
meeting before half 11:00 until 6
o'clock ok I still get here let's do it
let's do another one
when I take it that way yes and one on
us yeah that mom took a bad picture so
we had to we had to take a second one
the weather is so bloomin ridiculous
today well I've got so much to be doing
at home so much to be getting on with
and I kind of don't want to leave the
beach I do it so get a push again just
been vlogging so good
say hi to camera believe it George they
get coming here
see you later goes up it just yet yeah I
can get it to the trophy tree
good morning guys good morning how ya be
the boss isn't wet are you doing how you
doing Oh lemon out nearly what is
hitting me in the bump so there is a
blooming that lovely day although my
camera is so broken I don't if you can
like you don't really even tell I need
you had to answer then buy a new camera
that's one of my aims which I really
don't want to do because they're so
expensive and I've been trying to put it
off for the last like week or two and
login with this camera even those in
like the nollies ink there for a week no
tricking me while some vlogging I see
you this camera is ridiculously broken
so I'm going to try and try and buy a
new one today I hope you they've got
them in stock in town I was in there the
other day and they did have them in
stock
I am I want to thank you so much for
being so chilled and so respectful of me
having a couple of days off at the
moment over the next couple of weeks and
stuff it's been super super appreciative
I feel so much more relaxed because I
knew that these couple of weeks were
going to be busy and I'm super worried
about my vlogs and trying to vlog whilst
doing stuff that I'm not allowed to vlog
there we go good girl you did a wig
coming then let's go get your breakfast
today I'm off to the gym I swam wearing
gym attire I hope you having a lovely
day whatever you do it need to grab
myself a coffee but also a protein shake
and all we're gonna mugs left I'll clean
up okay I'm going to grab myself a
coffee and stuff and I'm gonna hit the
gym Kevin and boys just give you your
breakfast put it back in there here we
go
such a good gym session just popped up
get the petrol and go results against
how kind did you realize to you guys
that it looks like I've run straight
from the gym to get petrol to here
that's not the case of do I've been home
for the last like our had a shower got
dressed watched a couple of YouTube
videos at some breakfast had a protein
shake and now I'm currently off on my
way to my second treatment dose
experience I don't know the second time
I'm ever getting acupuncture as I said
to you guys I'm going to try and do it
once a week for six weeks and then
apparently step down to once a month
after that I mean I don't really I don't
know much about it but I'm going to try
out recently my chest has been the best
it has ever been like I don't know if
that's the acupuncture but I mean it's
unlikely that it's kind of that fair
doctor when I look at this car you ready
you see that I was sick it's unlikely
that the acupuncture can have such an
effect after one experience at one time
I mean it can't do that the woman said
it can some people does like crazy stuff
after one time some people takes two or
three times or maybe I'm just less
stressed and I'm just chilling out more
taking the blocks more chilled having
more family time spending more time of a
meeting to do the things that I need to
be doing or maybe it's a little bit of
everything
I don't you know but my chest is like
the best it's ever been for the last
three years kind of thing in the moment
such would I don't want to don't want to
jinx anything you know which is a
ridiculously lovely day today I've got
something happening after this act
puncher session that I'm a little bit
nervous about but I'm kind of treating
it like my piercing like with my
piercing eye shall I just I'm going to
get my hair dyed Zoey papi and my mum
have all got a hair stylist not hair
stylist hairdresser hair Dyer
an amazing hair woman called Sam over
she and she comes over to our house and
does all of the hairs in one go and I
said I'm just going to my crunch place
eyelet I'll explain afterwards not
allowed to film in here
acupuncture today was super good like
really really good it was just like I
had one in my forehead two in the side
of my leg my foot my other foot my I
didn't even know where they were had a
couple in my chest as well my stomach
literally didn't hurt at all but I was
so relaxed I fell asleep but carry on
what I was talking about before of or of
what I'm getting done in a minute I'm
getting my hair dyed like I've been
toying up with the idea for a while
thinking about how to do it whether I
should cut my hair shorter and do it
whether I should keep it this length
whether I should go gray whether I
should put blondie bits in it whether I
should go super dark gray whether I
should I don't know I don't know what to
do with that
but ever since having my earring done
and just thinking if I don't like it
I take it out and now I'm thinking the
same on my hair and just like if I don't
like it I'll just dye it back dark brown
again so I think I'm going to go for it
no I think fat am going for everybody is
downstairs now Koenig and the hair dyed
puppies is done I think she's got the
foils in at the moment though is just
getting a boy was taken out mum is just
gonna hair washed about to get died and
then I'm up I think I'm just going to
get was just chatting with sound now and
Adam who are who are here do it
everyone's hair and let's just check my
hair looks so dark in this camera just
chat about getting like highlight key
bits just run through just to mess it up
a little bit that's what I'm thinking I
was going to go completely dark silver
like this but I don't know I'm just too
scared I feel like I should die a little
bit first and put some like texture then
kind of then before committing to full
head of gray hair because your I start
look bad I mean I could write back but
that's still 30 fine fine my don't blue
I'm good thanks
it's funny how Zoey's back yeah oh yeah
your hair it's like a dress it is at the
bottom of like a prom or wedding dress
amazing
yeah nice ashen gray the first bit of
colors just come out my hair is
currently like it's got tons of blond
highlights okay then if you guys can see
in the camera you try and show you in
the light what it's like it's currently
got tons of blond highlights like my
blond bits but I'm not going to leave it
blonde I'm now gonna you know I said
that I wanted my whole head like dark
ash gray we're now going to turn these
highlights
Ashley gray this is it really well it
has gone really like yet even the past
doesn't have avoided Pat
I've come back down to the beach I know
the camera looks all dirty my hair is
all done I don't if you're going to be
able to see I like to show you later
we're basically as you saw it was like
super super blond we then why say we've
I did Sam did sound put some like toner
stuff in it to like calm it right down
so that it wasn't as blond and then
depending how I wash my hair either with
purple shampoo or normal shampoo I can
make it back to that blonde so at the
moment I don't know if you're going to
you probably can't see anything
it's too sunny I can't even see anything
can't even open my eyes
I'm sooo bad with it it looks really
really good I'm just heading down to the
beach now Sean this one's not a jack but
I don't know I think it's going to the
toilet Shaun's flying the drone okay
you've lost that you lost the drone mass
kid you lost my drone that's even better
Sean's worried the drone is disconnected
well if it's up there on a spy around us
out
it just goes weak remote controller
signal disconnected and then my screen
just went blank in it if your back
though is about it's just a Bubba
Loredana I've just bought a brand new
vlogging camera over here we're going to
jump to the new camera you ready ready
see if the quality don't I mean the
quality it's not a different camera it's
the same camera this just brand-new
because this one is so broken either
they work them in this one I can finally
show you what summers actually looking
opposed
lately badly elitism even if they're for
the blinking or not it may or may not
have just dropped the new camera on the
floor literally filmed that one clip
holding the camera in my hand doctors on
the floor I mean it's all good
completely all I mean I think you so
good it slips it's just wet middle
screen as well we are both like yeah
it's like you know when you drop your
iPhone and you turn it over you like
imma go over it really please please
yeah he's talking I drop my camera and I
was like it's okay we just print on the
phone to pop in no not popping in Sean
Sean that bend on the photocopy in Zoey
who as you've seen both had their hair
done today and they're heading into town
now to come and meet us
Shawn's brother has just gone off for
dinner with another friend Thursday is
the day in Brighton I don't it's how
like if it's cause the whole country or
whatever but Thursday and Brighton is
late nights off into town instead of
open till 5:00 o'clock slope until 8
o'clock so the girls are heading into
town now to come meet us and drag us on
Topshop exciting that sounds great
not Topshop and all those little books
just got myself a chili beef hot dog
thank you
kind of didn't end up going to Topshop
with the gals
Sean and I went to have enough it is and
I bought new t-shirt did I get
everything a little rosy rose yeah like
it
Maggie like it's ridiculous right guys
oh I didn't even realize I promise you I
didn't do that on purpose
hey I'm hard a guy now
I'm happy you just come down to the
beach we've got little choir singing to
us - Zoe booked music is romantic
not quite eat it I thought you put them
from right on the dog singing ah but
this group of people here they're just
sitting down and singing so cute and
it's not even only nurse at 8 o'clock
you know what can your Fitbit they
probably got Fitbit birthday and she
loves it what can it do you tell
everyone isn't that cool
no it's cool not as cool is that dog
there that's just singing with those
group of people
ah my camera battery is literally about
to run out of charge and this is the
second one I bought two with me on
purpose
and this second one is about two got to
go
