good morning guys today is Poppy's 26th
birthday if you saw yesterday's blog
you'll know that we kind of like started
celebrating it yesterday we had a party
a surprise party yesterday but today
cause it's actually the day I heard
governing every day wherever you're
doing never enough decoration oh you so
sleepy you might know probably just got
I mean golden iPad pro that's why we put
it better idea to get it on this is my
favorite bit is hitting off that off of
anything made from Apple yeah you wanted
oh my gosh oh I want a photo sorry
pretty just the six of us haha I'm
having us take in my holy - I'm alone
you wanna know the mayor yeah he's
always watching the vlog - before it
goes up what do you think about it here
it's very appropriate every time I check
the cuts out you exercise in a weird
mood today I don't know why just hold
them today Zoe's been in a weird mood
we've all just got ready for the day or
was it yesterday you're being weird
remember when was it you've been really
weird yesterday last night last night it
were making the toilet and hungry nearly
filmed some new merchandise nick is not
out yet by accident let me put that in
my bag which getting ready for the day
oh I think I think I drew this or was it
poppy
this here is absolute masterpiece of a
drawing from pop your eye this is the
system tadpoles who drew this mum who
drew this me I'm so artistic
daddy pardon me might not have a degree
but look what I can do Oh fantastic so
we kept it great isn't it that's my
degree poppy I imagine Jacqueline is our
family here's a picture of pop you
graduated there's my first that's
Poppy's first in a hand just showing
them your picture that's your first in
your hand and I think at uni mum and
because I didn't get you the mom and dad
after just look pictures of me I'll be
getting my degree at first as well you
it is no it's not that's from the Sunday
Times that bought off the artists view
of it but they still could be a viewer
actually yes Bob this is your helpful
and they should have had no they should
have my book front covers or something
and then poppies uni degree or this one
I'm most proud of this
I'm going to put this on back here where
it belongs have you already clutch there
genius I was editing my blog you've
already did you sing in every day
how are you not singing oh my gosh boy
this is the thumbnail shop yeah mom is
ready with okay
and again I can't even get there I can't
even get the full game do you Poppi dad
yeah you are oh not good what is it mum
this is even edible try a buddy but
that's not one slice Wow yeah that's not
one slice well moment of truth to taste
test this can you know go find it so
trying to find my mom and dad's little
pepto your papi not like wife will be
stroking my the back of my neck kind of
sound a little toad in there earlier
nice but I'm sure we're that close it's
not that why don't you get in another
look if you have a little man yeah but
maybe he doesn't want to come out he
does he doesn't he told me what do you
say no I want to come out well then he
could already be out or don't talk to me
of your day hands your swamp Oh what if
he's already out just chilling on the
edge sunbathing somewhere he actually
know isn't all and I go jaqen
well you should do frankly guys careful
I just want to see if I can see Israel
hookup you should see the buzz near it
one ant but I'm sorry for bothering
goodness getting then get him out mom
leaving me let me have a look let me see
you might not want to come out brown
nobody was like oxygen will drown if you
put them in the condo like sibling love
birthday so hard right in the back
come on out in the bush it's better go
bloody Instagram I better get the tag
mainly only for all my in here I'm
holding it only mall right at the end
now be there now we matter I'm here
right at the end I am okay I was
teaching sure not to make silver jewelry
from fat mom made this ring and this one
see see this video yeah so I want every
Danish made that one for sure and this
one for me I forgot yeah mom used to do
a lot of silver draw we make in and in
the inside can you click on the inside
of my ring no camera no switch ring oh
there we go sorry what is you on the
inside here it is my ring
no guys thought you meant your Arthur oh
my god that there is imprinted snakeskin
so mum's going to teach Shaun how to
make a rainy day it's cool isn't it
no this one's my favorite
certain of it I actually do like that
that's real gold rose gold it's a
rolls-royce change the gyro is wrong
doll oh is this the golden especially
look at that guy's
oh that's more than us ready Co these
are made now very great mom you should
sell these put them up as much auntie
says you can have your own TCS their
merchandise I tell you she doesn't make
silver jewelry has a shot your ha your
mom actually does oh my god what are you
enjoying shot look at that
silver ring as a chunky boy is not no
1000 about the bubbly one oh my word is
in here yeah
oh my way my question looks we're
talking about I've not worn this to so
long before I'd lost it so then you may
knock someone out with that one that is
made of wax is there something that
you're going to melt down
is that pure so what you do guys is you
make a ring out of wax with this but you
before I mold it exactly how you want it
you cut like a sliver off and then you
send it off people even met like make a
cut what a very mum they make like a
make a cast out of it and then they fill
it with like silver or gold or bronze or
whatever you want to fill it with and
then you get it back and then that's
what the bloomin work begins
you think you get your ring back and
then you get your ring back and it's
like got a little nobbling on the end
it's got that one is a ring one and that
one's not wearing one oh you are for
that size yeah no no is that so tiny you
have to make it bigger so there's you
know that school is downstairs yeah that
can't sit out okay Reggie you make the
perfect ring out there winos a little
and then when you get it back it's all
like bumpy and scratch and then you have
to smoothen it and smoothing it smoother
I mean I might disrupt the wax I mean I
like scribing that one's cute mom I like
this I'm trying to make great money yes
one don't but that's not like shiny eels
thank you well done now include this
yeah um just like ah this one clean too
I've been different
Fontaine yeah that one's cute diamond
mum's got big time only know this cut
130 pounds this is a rather than I did
it who is that more poppy well I'm going
to go make a bloody put it on about
yourself
close your eyes hi what you do the
necklace wait you have to wear it
mom's been a hundred thirty pounds were
making that for you just in the rose
gold
ah she said you said it alone marijuana
and since I see us or shooting marijuana
I said it was weird
yeah mom she won't wear it try to make
her do you know that yes a brooch it is
my family honey that's my brother that's
me and beneath twins and that Maxine and
then this was my family unit it was like
a memory
great yeah well goodbye today is the one
that years and I cannot complain about
being dragged around shopping by poppy
which ever step start the plane I just
have to let it happen
gone and I just doing the boyfriend
brother thing of just following
following poppy around please me out
there we could just sneak off holy when
you realize yeah that's a good one yeah
get that one yeah go check out those
candles are in Topshop what the heck I
didn't even know that that's mad on the
way back from town we decided to come to
the best fish and chips shop in brighton
and hove
came here the other day with my asa and
we lying muscle take away sighs we'll
probably it's requested if you could
have on anyone get up tonight anyway and
you chose to move these fish and chips
tonight but not whether amazing Romanian
side by the chicken okay Nona chicken
nuggets here yeah they do tons of
amazing stuff here it also looks like
proper lovely in here oh my gosh
I think this your curry sauce is just
the one guy just like a real Cory or
wife's I don't know he bought it oh god
that's a dad who just got it misspell
mm-hmm yeah alright mom
sorry very good after that basically
just like real chicken farewell
