good morning guys good morning how're
you doing
you probably thinking what the heck is
going on unless you publishing the title
of the video probably gives away what's
going on actually today for you watching
this video not today for me tomorrow for
me but it worked out the best day for
everyone stories would be today we're
throwing a surprise party for my sister
poppy she has no idea this is happening
she thinks that she's coming on a dog
walk and we've set up all of this I look
at it check it out this is this is only
like half this is literally only half of
what it's going to be there's going
we've got all food for the table we've
got tons more decorations all over here
the dogs were getting far too hot so I
just dropped them both home of glad
things are getting in full swing my gosh
Poppy's like 15 minutes away this looks
so good the watermelon looks amazing
we have no music I need to get the
speaker off because this is looking
amazing oh look at the cake guys my dum
dum we've got that cake by Dum Dums then
dum dum also sent us these they also
sent us all of these and they also sent
us happy birthday poppy in there just
four six of us mum don't drop that if
you just tripped on the blanket this
looks amazing
eat your pizza Bobby still had no idea
how Shauna just leaving the house now -
come on a dog look I even bought
spiteful with me
good old spike ball guys we go to
over-the-top with birthdays because now
when it's here's the next person's
birthday month that's my mom's been in
so much effort into today of Bobby's
birthday because she know she's next
lemon ACK what will wait for poppy and
Shaun you still think that they're going
on a dog walk mom and daddy cotton
playing football
don't say that it's still really hot
it's like really humid like really humid
which is kind of nice because it means
it's quite shady but still warm
yeah excited for them to come is it it's
not I didn't from their reaction what do
you think hey I feel like we're in
Hawaii
I must apply this today about this
tomorrow that's a good thing
are you cooking us hey daddy comfy some
love coming together we got limbo over
here oh we had a limbo going pop tell
everyone what you did
go on tell everyone what you did
that's Boston sleep over there oh my god
cha-cha there's no job
happy birthday to you oh my gosh little
chocolate buddy how that is a big slices
there's nothing I know I just wanted to
see what it's also like inside it it's a
doughnut cake by the way this is is it a
cronut lovely are you oh yeah yeah no is
that Corona sour cream corn ah no good
yeah I'm all right with Armando I'm all
right Oh
I haven't told out in my discovery of
you with a shocking Juliet what happened
oh my ear piercing why what happened
wait what happened with mom and a
shopping trolley when she pushes food
shopping with a Monday yesterday yeah
when she pushes the trolley she never
looks ahead she just looks side to side
so the amount of people should go sorry
oh sorry
absolutely thank you would you not look
forward
did you know what motifs you don't like
to look forward with your trolley is
bumping into everyone when she was in a
busy street she will always walk
straight into feedback Mandy get over
either I was speaking to something about
this the other day where mom gets a text
and just stop stealing the street to
reply to her text number you can walk in
textures I can't walk in tact I can't
walk in text at the same time and you
read your text thing yes I do that I
can't do anything like mom does anything
and walk she stops walking like every
time mum walks she needs to breathe she
stops someone else into the master yeah
oh you're safe dad put the cake the
pillow into the cake we are pushing home
and look what we still using it is going
to go in your hair I promise I'm going
to put it in the video today I am going
to put in the video this is like my
perfect weather where it's like hot but
not funny so you don't do a sunglasses
you don't have to squint I just like
when it's just like cozy you've got
brown I see you don't squint yeah that's
the thing
so did you know though my girl okay
another thing is Zoe has to squint in
this weather and I don't avoid Chicago
blue eyes and he's got brown
otherwise the Sun burns my cornea those
telling me I have to vlog this what's
going on applique give me oh my god
there's two here get off get off get off
I'll tape I think a box and comes off
motion there and smooth oh you squished
one in this shield a gentle with it
little Rodney no there's a squished arm
in there yes that's it okay
all got this on the bottom everything is
coming down now yeah the packing up okay
I'm ready to go home I'm going to pop
the balloons but with this instead are
you ready oh oh yeah that's helium pop
is not even normal carry on go on it's
your birthday
one more one more quick gazebo is all
gone
hey baby hey where you going mate where
you going oh I'm sorry yeah she's not
here yeah hey hey hey Oh buddy
mummy's coming soon mummy's coming soon
hey baby
today has been sick guys today has been
so so good I don't know how much I
actually filmed you having a big we
buzzy boy I've never seen anything like
that look big is we ever I still go in
for about a minute no he has a promise
why this this kind of sunlight Zoey I
can't open my eyes in oh I'm fine
really yeah look at that no I mean if I
look up like on yeah mine's life right
now I'm okay now we've got both the
doggies here mum and dad have gone back
to Mum and dad's probably sure the boys
I hope insurance we've come back to our
we're all going to have like showers and
get ready and everything I'm like so
sweaty from carrying so much stuff today
and and then I think we're gonna head
back home to mama dads for dinner and
sleep over at theirs up me tonight so
that when we wake up tomorrow Poppy's
birthday tomorrow yeah you go finish
you're gonna go for poo come finish busy
gourmet it's nyla
oh she can't do it another way you're
doing your second way oh well this is
why I feel like doing may seem like I
literally haven't done anything today
and don't get me wrong has been a super
it sorry about my boxers black to have a
shower so if you've got some clean boxes
after washing I've had a super enjoyable
day but I am knackered we've literally
been we were setting up for that party
for like three and a half hours we then
enjoyed it for like good three hours and
then we're taking everything down for
blooming hours I need to get my butt in
the shower a minute going to eat without
saying that there was no new vlog
tonight and I'm sorry that they've been
a bit sporadic recently a ton of if we
didn't know what the word sporadic means
so spread it means a bit all over the
place like sometimes I just take my
socks off sometimes I'm uploading
sometimes I'm missing videos sometimes
we're missing Sims videos sometimes the
vlogs are perfectly on time but I just
wanted to say that over the next few
weeks that is going to be happening a
little bit the vlogs might be a little
bit short a little bit long a little bit
lay a little bit on time a little bit no
vlogs a little bit of loads of sims
videos or no Sims videos but that's just
something that is going to happen just a
heads up over the next couple of weeks
this isn't me stopping daily vlogging or
anything like that is I still love daily
vlogging still not rune scims videos
everything but it's just a heads up that
I can't tell you why yet but it is going
to be happening just for the next couple
of weeks and we're working on a fun
project shall we say but soon all be
revealed and moving back to normal vlogs
and everything I just wanted to give you
the heads up because I've missed a
couple of logs recently mystical
listings episode I did not blow today
which was yesterday for you don't worry
I'm not quitting YouTube
I still love YouTube just
they're with me for a couple of weeks me
and Zoey will fresh out of the shower
just went to Zoey to get changed into
comfy clothes we're heading back over to
hmm how do I eat this banana anomaly got
like this we're about to head over to
Mum and dad's and I've got cozy clothes
on some gym shorts
another white t-shirt this isn't the
same one as earlier dick you worried and
we're just gonna have a really really
cute in them I don't know what we're
doing to dinner all that actually knows
that we're staying over we're sleeping
that's nice living the way all where it
will be spreadin we can't forget man
this is practice for if we had two dogs
so it can run put them both in the car
Oh have you got the car keys that would
probably help wouldn't that you got step
one open the car you've already failed
that one but normally just jump straight
in the car oh isn't it seems to be
nervous all right we packed packed a big
old bag for our sleepover stuff click
the presence next arrived to mom and
dad's will at you but it's like over an
hour I kind of ordered a Chinese
takeaway for my favorite Chinese
restaurant inviting called God's orders
a bit too much this is what I thought I
was going to have and then a quarter
duck as well and then this quite look
how much food has come I know but this
is all for me somewhat oh my gosh I'm
gonna have smell beating all of this
coughing Shaun have arrived
did you know I'm have hi did you not
Australian you know you definitely not
those are you ordered you don't so many
pizzas in your lifetime ok so yeah
you've ordered enough pizzas you're now
Italian how it is it did yeah this is
one place called VIP Pete set we've
wanted to try beats from there basal
plane we wanted to try beach from there
for like months but we just never got
around to it and it doesn't deliver to
our house and do this mom and dad
realize that the boxes the same shape so
I can't quite get that boat
get in that do you know like that oh my
gosh I really should get what like a
pizza review using either section a
piece of review section like the best
places to get heaps on what I school
them out of five yeah like what would
useful no I think it needs to be I've
come say you even need the ratings even
in ten or twenty different ratings you
write out five just really you can't
have an overall Doubtfire that's not
detailed enough yeah I think what you
need to do is an oval rating at one
hundred and then cross that five dobe
out of five toppings out of five and
paste presentation out of five size out
five units yeah just going up everything
out of five and then over all that 100
and then like in Top Gear where you have
like they're the list in order and I
would give this yeah three out of
five
well that's not very high what would you
give what do you get pizza face
all right sitting out dead chicken on
jet hey kids to get to get again I don't
know which one I want more water
no that's go hard so we can try all
upset than any tune what a quarter of
every single one I thought I got it off
straightaway we just went to go up to
bed and mums like Oh someone's kind of
dropped chocolate all on the sofa and
this is what I've been steel remembers
tweet me if you own sorry about my hair
beanie tweet me a picture of you wearing
it so many of you guys bought them look
how much bigger my head is oh it's
further away if I put it this way then
it looks much more you alright anyways
Kimbrel can we can I'm talking about
what we were just talking about Oh for
me to say yeah as I'm saying how crazy
is it they were back in the same bedroom
that we the nice that I lived in and I
met I didn't that I slept in you had
that I had what do I always do this why
do you also go the same way that
randomly laughs really creepy and the
things really that funny like the same
bedroom that I had and that can I leave
to my mom and dad's for my first mess of
it because the size of this is this way
yeah the beds normally Freddie's
presently otherwise the other way of it
because it's lying this way it's like
come on it's like old times all times
but now we have a dog look at so
flashback from ideas I know the canto
you know Elaine in exact same place in
exact same building katana but this time
and you can see yeah
oh she's there yeah this time of God dog
we've got a dog sorry this probably is
their news to you with a little funk
only yes yeah but not this way
yeah that's right this way this feels
like my old bedroom I mean it's not
still of a bedroom at all guys is
different better than the whole room is
like we can play on customized like my
mum's work room kind of thing but it's
crazy anyways I'm going to end the vlog
when we wake up in the morning it will
be Poppy's birthday give the video a
thumbs up if you're excited if you
enjoyed today today's shadow of the day
goes to name somebody Amy goes to Amy
thanks for watching my videos thank you
very motivational on I'll see you in the
morning
good night gasps put your hand on the
camera I can't reach
okay
