oh yeah buddy
good morning mate that's my little son
touching your eyes going on are you
ready to experience this change maybe
the fact that this is the best sound
maker you ever going to be two guys we
off to gales bakery you know I've gone
to get us a couple of times in my blogs
in Brighton recently
we'll have been having a search and
they've got gales obviously in London
and of may che jumping and uber this it
really isn't even close to change
apartment I've made him jump in and
leave with me I'm off to Gail so though
I don't know where it is
what do you believe me now bro haven't
tried it yet where you're already taking
a bit you know it's it doesn't mean it
tastes good you know I've got the mmm
try pancakes and then also got like this
little what you think and of course a
coffee rating from one to ten how was
your breakfast I'll give it and don't
put in the fact that you didn't have a
coffee because the coffee there is great
that Jay didn't have a couple avoided
don't tell what I'm touching for cooking
she's given up coffee I mean I agree I
think it's a good thing to do because
coffee is super addictive however I do
enjoy a coffee here I will not be
joining the obvious view coffee's really
really good tea it has a load of
benefits but I drink too much coffee
because I'm a goddamn idiot ten outta
ten it knows I guess he is a ten
hey Chet there's good eye looks good man
it's hard to get some you can't get a
ten out of ten when you've only tried
one dish on the menu look you're gonna
have to go there a couple of times know
that all the things are good to be able
to give it that solid nine or ten rating
and out then doesn't leave it we've just
come after around but I don't even know
part is bloody lovely though gorgeous
Weber people are all just chilling out
so many kids are here this is the one
thing that does confuse me about London
why don't these people work in do you
ever do that thing when you're out and
about and you're wondering what to do
like I know I'm doing one out of the day
I don't know why you're out in the
middle of the day just like Rand like
that person over there not going to fill
them intensely he's over there just as
somebody then waiting at work where do
you think about that means drunk I don't
know that many people have that job
where they don't have to do this part is
so bloody nice why have I never been in
fourth I ask you
this is crazy there is the bookie
religious light sunbathing and stuff
there's boats over there like cute
little rowing boats that you can just
rent like there's the cutest couple just
roam owned together around these little
islands there's cops down here
I think they caught you guys probably
going to tell me that they're not cop
down here and boy this is the whole one
with the looking at the little fishies
but actually incredibly big fishes big
boys coming over to say hello
oh is going for the fish it's going to
bring a fish did you see that you're
going no look if you get one oh my gosh
this newcomer is crazy just sat down in
the shade for a little bit and a little
bench and we're playing a game on my
iPhone you kind of wish we bought a deck
of cards but we didn't think we were
going to find this place we just came up
for breakfast we've stumbled upon a
masterpiece sounded by girls and don't
you knees and about actual cute couples
head low yeah cute couples on pedalos
rowing boats girls some believing in
bikinis rich guys some believing with
our shirts off woman doing loader don't
out through it you're doing that you
haven't done this in solid I twelve in
gymnastics this is my yoga this is the
first bit of shade we've had
in about half an hour walk chaise longue
just house so hard
we're walking to a place called beyond
retro which is the same shot that Zoe
and I went to the other day in Brighton
where we bought each other those close
to him when I got added a stop and so we
got like the little Halloween top and we
did like the couple was outfit by and
challenge where there's one there's one
here in London when I say here our hope
is here we've been walking walking
through it for a half an hour
here you can but very this is what you
buy if you don't like that any buy that
just get your cut these yesterday sure
yeah you just buy some nice colored
jeans cut them in shorts or just buy
some short this is what you want man
like old school jacket we then had the
only jewelry trying to persuade Che to
get a ring you let me turn some York
yeah I've just bought a new ring take
off the spear took found gun is another
marriage yeah with my Marilyn this honey
really I thought this middle no left
this one no it was in the movies they
were still that at night which was the
marriage game gun as that left on that
one right darkest job my family I just
been catcher
yeah at the time no this one left hand
it so it has to be less yeah yeah okay
he's getting taught how to propose to
somebody some people wear them on the
other hand a little bit same didn't
bring our hopefully not because it is
what he doesn't even know what ring or
what fingers great to go on thank you
very much again
hey what what self a new ring guys
burger
really are we doing that we've got to
take away we bought back to chase flat
they called it dirty burger but this is
like actual dirt like this is a dirty
burger please come for the beetroot
burger we're good and how that can be
dirty veggies bring the troops is be
true but battered oh go on leave a half
hammer away know that I'm gonna fall and
die plus they're your chairs gonna move
laughs I'm drunk up there all right
you're not going it's a no physics work
no stupid you do physic now it's gone
now hold that lever just lean back and
trust no I'll do that Sheila yes and
then look at ladies I captured look you
can't make it fall never lets you say it
was gonna fall when I do that what you
doing right now can I say what we just
filmed for you yeah you can we just
filmed a video for che where I went on
his tinder to try and get him a date the
video is finished and now after the
videos finished a girl started message
in whose bio is working in advertising
photography in her spare time love
digital and tech and go into the gym as
she's 22
Jerry this is perfect for you the main
reason I grabbed your camera its
messaging her sorta now she's agreed to
go on a coffee date I'll be literally
getting me a date but he's also lying to
this girl I'm not like you saying like
oh I just CrossFit and stuff I've never
done crossed in my life you've done
crossed there I can touch it but I can't
eat you prolly I that's not Marie you my
life is going to the only live sense
that you got to give a couple of dollars
a week which do your do you not I do
yeah I know
oh good bro I'm just literally she's up
for a coffee date oh yeah she's cute but
she's super histor bro this is when when
your friend that's in a relationship
gets tinder for you and he's more into
it than you are
no no no no no no no rephrase it when
your friend's got a girlfriend get you
to stay by that you know that
haha sky on a serious note I know that
last clip look ridiculous but on a
serious note I was just a messaging a
girl I was chained like to say in
everything about Jai correct except from
that he occasionally does CrossFit other
than that their past because that was in
her bio on tinder that was in her bio
other than that everything else I said
was about Jai and she like father wants
to go for coffee had jobs in the same
kind of field
she loves photography I wasn't the one
speaking to her it was you you can read
through the messages though that doesn't
make a difference right when you go
coffee if you sit down with her and you
say I was with my friend he was
messaging to me like a woman a place or
to happen anyway it's also funny anyway
she saw your pictures
she says that your family even brighter
a new ligand London you work in social
media I gave her chase Instagram handle
shipping on your Instagram bro there is
nothing good jeiza got a day I'm so
happy
no even a date like twice in that chat
twice in that last like 15 minute chat
guys going for coffee has been brought
up and she's like fully up for it and
excited and chosen nervous Nellie ah
she's super excited she wants to go for
coffee with him and it is with him yes I
was messaging but the copy I made sure
that she had changed Instagram and the
pictures obviously were all che the bio
is che the only slight thing I said
which I feel is fine
like J when people are talking to to
potential new partners for people to go
on dates on occasionally they will
exaggerate things are live at things
because they want to impress the other
person but not delay you occasionally go
for CrossFit that's fine everything else
I said why do you lie like that
like you I actually am honored to the
people though but that's what you say my
friends was my friend started off the
conversation and now I'm leaving going
back to Brighton give me some rope
it's your job to carry off big endure
you're going for that coffee yeah she
loves photography
she works in social media digital
marketing yeah okay
take like two gateways will be went this
morning yes ma'am take care the gates
where we were this morning
useless no that's so lovely bro maybe
that's beautiful coffee shop yeah as I
was getting on the train I just said to
one of the guys who works here at the
station does my twin have a bath good
morning I just I need to go to the
bathroom he's like yeah I mean it's got
six toilet but I wouldn't suggest
bathing in it
I'm an idiot I'm gonna go to the toilet
they don't have a bottle it's what I
wanted a bar
okay now let's get a large hot chocolate
Lin amazing I'll be back in one minute
hey bro can I get a margarita
