good morning guys I've got this sketch
to open today you saw sorry I'm actually
having I haven't got any thousands on
right now I've just got my eye on this
arrived yesterday which we might devote
for a while because I completely
customized n Spectre all that to the top
of everything you possibly can
basically the laptop that I use to edit
all of these videos is good it's good
but there's much much better ones out
now which would mean that I can edit
these videos that I do everything would
be so much down faster so that's what
I've done for myself the new MacBook Pro
Bowl I'm actually solid charging for
this and then I'd buy one of these at
cables because Apple Bloom in teens
their tables every time they released a
new product so that's the only phone
charger I've got now from a laptop how
you how you guys do it I hope you're
having a lovely day whatever you do is
just going out to breakfast with Dave
and actually I've also got some
breakfast you have a very particular
order a chocolate swirl a ham and cheese
croissant and what is your drink
Skylark which I nearly ordered as a soy
match a chai latte and they're like what
and I was like yes so Mac I mean no
there's no mattress I search on I try
like ain't never like really and I was
like what is only happen last time we
hit they're like just their chai latte I
let's go for that one I think it's
because that's one pop you have so I'm
just used to those words being said like
I just hear them 0:04 that that's kind
of it for the unboxing there's nobody
point we like turning laptop on and
stuff and you all know how that works
anyways I'm going to set it up now and
then be in a second
I don't normally globe stuff like this
but I've probably just put a wash load
on and I'm about to hang up all of the
washing that was in the washing machine
super mundane boring task
so what these jeans the other day and I
thought I liked them I thought they were
cool kind of turns out don't really like
them so I'm just going to cut them into
shorts because they've already pulled
the labels out anything so I can't
pretend that we're going to go here and
then fold a couple of times just perfect
we're only going to warn the blooming
best of an eye they're giving a god vest
and shorts off feel like a true English
person that as soon as the Sun comes out
it's 25 degrees cos I instantly got
shorts on vest on the Keeney's swimwear
sunbathe in but today there's no
sunbathing involved I'm actually heading
off to London go to two meetings and
then I'm staying at Jay's house tonight
that's why I've got a big old bag on me
always white at the end of the Train
guys can walk my extender the Train then
you get your first one off we are now
approaching Anton Victoria so believe it
on other only clothes that I had at home
that will clean were long-sleeved
t-shirts that's why I'm wearing a vest
so I just went to walk a couple of
couple of normal t-shirt hey man how's
it going
it is what today it's a blooming lovely
day man
thank you so much have a lovely day just
got out of the taxi and just walk around
the corner from where my first meeting
yesterday I'm going to put on a new
white t-shirt I feel like it's a little
bit more professional to put on a white
t-shirt than it is to wear a vest this
meetings with my lawyer and my
accountant so should probably dress
at least like in the tisha
hopefully I don't have like a label on
me or something giving away that it's a
brand new t-shirt
is it bad that the first thing I asked
when I see my lawyers is like what's
your wife I need to upload a video like
change Sara's new pad
although Sarah's not here super
productive meetings aren't really really
well super clever but yet in today to
come to London to get them down and then
what is being a part of it
are you ready like evenly or me is that
right one with about vomiting my lawyer
and accountant I'm not the manager yeah
awesome of you manager point this book
for ya what am I supposed to do you said
a bottle opener I'll smash this
hairdryer that's a can opener
no man as well never see have you got we
got one but what has he done what have
you done oh you put it in too far
alright let me drive look I need alfea's
muscles for this one so this is what you
doing got yes yeah mega alphabet I was
just one boy this guy wow this guy
that's what people with folks do as well
they drink wine what Glen Marriott I
never ever owned a Gamecube chase till
hazard GameCube necessarily fine goes
every single day and it did I just beat
you
oh I can't confirm nor deny that who
wants a glass of wine an idea yeah
that's good atmosphere what are you
saying then we wake up at 9:30 Monday is
late man that gives you seven let's wake
up at eight o'clock
why it's nice man you'll go for
breakfast why don't we watch the Sun
Rise wealthy why do you do this why are
you like this
alright serious wise your time guys it's
2:00 a.m. what time it's 2:00 a.m.
viewer question there they go I'm
letting the nose 2:00 a.m. the more
times you wake up really snippets two
nine nine is log 9:30
why would any woman a little less than
seven hours why would anyone be less
than eight and half hours always wrong
with you eight and a half hours who
sleeps in our powers in this world
I feel like 12 all I'm saying is you got
to make the most of your life you have
to know in a million
seize the day your disease is a day to
make the most and if we get enough as
regulated at sunset I see this way she
until until you couldn't see the sunset
cream summarize not that I know then
survive explained properly round down
tonight
I met chain and Sarah's new flat you
guys are winter Jay you all know Sarah
close they've got a new flat together
they used to live together in London
somewhere else but they've just moved to
a new area of London and I'm in the new
flat and I'm currently in Sarah's bed
because Sarah's in like the Isle of Y or
Island or Scotland or somewhere fairly
close by but not here so I'm and I plan
to come over and stay with Jay tonight
and she very nicely said but I'm
actually not going to be there so I am
wait a minute let me find this tweet
that Sarah sent me Sarah treatment
earlier saying enjoy my room and look
after my plan and so I've just
tweeted her pictures of me with this
point here and there's level pod in the
other corners room down there say and
looking after them for you so that's why
if you wonder why I'm in Sarah's net is
because she's actually away at the
moment Calum her boyfriend was led to
here a minute ago I tried to persuade
him to stay share a bed with me but he's
gone back to his flat in London and and
yeah I feel like such I feel quite wide
awake you know and then you can quite
know why I want to wake up early I just
want to make the most out of everything
in life at the moment you know I don't
know what I'm just having like at a
moment also let me show you this cute
little picture that I've got on a
serious bedside table here just to UM
just to be with me while so sleep I've
got a picture of Sarah Sarah and Callum
so I'm just going to them let me put
that just on my pillow there so that
when I'm going to sleep over them just
got these two here with me I'm not gonna
in the blog here I'm going to flow to a
Q&A with Jay tomorrow like a super I've
got a good idea for a Q&A a super brutal
brutal brutal
honest Q&A we're going to throw to that
now you know what would envy you know
let me put you move the camera a little
bit here you get to ask the other person
the read questions I have not thought
about this in advance
my hair is annoying me three questions
whatever you want you have to answer on
camera whatever you want you go first
anything you are I feel weird dude just
know if you ask me something Savage I'm
going to send you straight back yeah I
don't want to ask anything that is it up
in an earlier yeah anything
I lost to the people then when do you
thing you're gonna get married oh when
do I think I'm gonna get married and
then a date like a time know like an age
for me personally this probably gonna be
controversial
I wanted my only be to get engaged have
two kids and then get married okay
because as fast as technically yet yep
because I want kids at the wedding and I
don't know it depends I've only got one
sister so he's only got one brother Joe
probably is I can have children before
means he's sanctioned but um no I said
he I was like yes he's got a girlfriend
and then soon it's just going to put me
in Sean and to have kids at the wedding
so I don't hit so it'd be whenever a
 also that year ago exhume a newborn
it that way I know what my next question
is going to be now come on anything that
was that valid doesn't know it's time to
do that's good right my question I
haven't talked about this I should have
thought about some really good questions
is mmm-hmm
yet to sleep with a female youtuber who
debate anything know you - yeah oh
hopefully then watch it tweet them the
video they will you do that just a
youtuber maybe like I'm well I will
thinking like I was thinking you I'd
actually sleep with you I'm not
attracted to but then I was like who can
I sleep with it'll get me a bunch of
views so but although you're going to
say who's friends with me to just be
like we both know that it's I don't know
if there's any friends female youtuber
friends of mine that I would we'd sleep
together relax is the funny goose maybe
an American like like Liza oh I didn't
say that I don't want to say okay it
literally Carson you want for the day I
will put this is unwritten is it to know
their name betrayed but this is not
shaming this is can we have a better
angle by the way because the lighting is
parallel I got bitches from a bloody
vlog yeah but that's better than that a
look at that and now I'm in you wanna
switch no that's gonna be it I get three
two one no and you're us it was someone
ah I think she has a boyfriend she's
like how hot okay cuz you kind of just
savage me with that one dude what the
hell
ah if you and Zoey one Oh God if
Alison's other way together which female
youtuber do you think you would be with
most likely to do is in a relationship
it's home because when it comes to
relationships I'm often always like the
gal and Zoey's always like the boy so I
clipped on you and Jim Zambian Jim and
literally the same person I mean Tanya
the same person
okay so mean Tanya were together we
literally would just do like that'd be a
good thing or not not opposite I know
okay we'd be like stuck like Tanya's
super like me like cuddly and some of
that will it shoes wouldn't get anything
dance we just be like cuddling the whole
time it's going to be like fan on their
time
cuddling now there it is he really
invited like Jim's exactly like other
Asian you mean thank you Jim but like
Mitchum Miguel if you help though but
like oh this is hard
and I never thought about that a good
question I feel like almost like huger
sleep would would be easier than who
would you date that you later is like
let me think you I think my life I've
never got to know somebody in that
situation but I don't want to be like
trying to flower way out the answer I do
want to answer that's the tough one I
don't know who I think you'd be doing
until I think he's just like really fun
great he'll big super fun yeah but I
don't really know how not to date her
like I look pretty welcome like events
and hanging out and stuff but I don't
know enough to date her maybe just like
a really smaller art to youtube yeah
that's what I'm thinking I'm thinking
that one over maybe like someone from
America or like a Straley or somewhere
yeah I'm going to say it's hard because
I don't really know grace Helbig is
somebody that I don't know very well but
she's just fun I need an answer
I wasn't suited I'm going to say grace
Helbig yeah
let's get one but I don't know if it
would work very well because she lives
in another country she does they
probably a little bit of an issue and
the I've got like a dog yeah she has a
dog there we go think he's going to work
out I don't know right great if you're
watching this I'll get on our with
Menzies I question question so this is
my second question name a youtuber that
you've got with girlfriends don't come
in name a youtuber that you've gift and
girlfriend don't count your friends
don't count it's fun to like you know
which one we're getting somewhere now
I think non girlfriends has only been
two or three two or three
I'm trying to sing I think I don't think
she mind me saying but it was just a
peck it was just a kiss
it doesn't I did said it who's your
least tight oh this is an insult
rocketed like a positive is like kissing
someone or being with somebody this is
fine fine fine I'll change I'll change
Oh dog named Nina however you up however
you want though name your favorite Oh 2l
members in order from oh my god to worse
doesn't exist anymore
you're the echo 2l numbers oh my gosh
it's just gonna have to be in order
people that I know personally like get
on the most well with okay we'll go
number one because you stayed at my
house and stuff from Bikaner
corner number two I get on really well
with kyun okay this is just from how
well I know them it's a good job of
bringing 2014 back as well yeah
cada quien Sam it's always been lovely
to me you always makes an effort it
without your DMS me and stuff also he's
just and married congratulations no
really it's got married how does it 21
bra anyone JC Ricky Trevor and then that
seventh member that long and I 2012 well
it is then actually there's a picture
somebody by the picture of me Zoe and
Trevor or hanging out we've got a
picture of all three of us together when
a party in New York where is the most
obscure place you've ever had sex that
is gonna be none force no that's not my
question
no I question exists very best literally
like art I've never had sex outside of a
bedroom that bedroom would you rather
live with Sarah or switch out for Calum
oh I know the thing is I should have
been an easy
Sarah shouldn't it she just said it just
to set it survive you've delayed the
Sarah look all I'm saying go what are
you saying Talan brought me a Nintendo
sway
- let me how keep it at my house
yesterday yeah Sara didn't left Sarah's
not here Sarah's like a singer Colin
would actually be nice and help me what
make videos would you rather live with
Calum if you can glad that switch and
ones happy you living with Calum yeah it
is necessary just got that I am Sarab
lived together since Saturday it's
currently we lived together for two
years if we have another guys Robin miss
Thomas just you two they moved in six
days ago and you already would happily
kick about the color pens there yes you
did guys hope you enjoyed the video we
found out some saucy information when
Sarah arrives home I hope she hasn't
watched this video by then can call me
home
yes we're going to figure out a new
slide situation bro give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it another I'll
see you tomorrow always do happy
the pain
