good morning guys good morning good
morning I don't know if you can tell
where I am I'm at the bottom of the bed
I slept with my head at the bottom of
the bed rather than the top I kinda I
don't if you saw yesterday's vlog you'll
know that it ended quite abruptly you
know I get really bad acid reflux well
last night I signing all those books
just like no more for absolutely fine
watching Prison Break and in my chest
side really hurting so I was like right
I need to stop I need to go calm down
and it relaxed need to go I mean it's
not like I was doing anything crazy
anyway I just needed to like though now
I suppose so I went and run a bath and I
lay in the bath and I was at like just
chill out and my chest will stop hurting
so I relaxed I got at the bath I was so
tired from the heat of the bath ah so I
can't sign anymore I just need to go to
sleep and I was planning on sign-in till
like 1:00 a.m. this was like 11 o'clock
I got out of the bath I came got into
bed and fell asleep what I've never done
before that I did last night was fall
asleep whilst drinking I had like a
glass of water in my hand that I was
drinking so often it helps to sit water
on my chest I don't know if anyone else
has that as well like when my acid
reflux is bad if I sip water it kind of
it feels like it helps it a little bit
must have fallen asleep with the glass
of water in my hand because all I
remember doing is waking up like hours
later like hours hours later in the
middle of the night like like freezing
because I'd like going like that and
just poured the water all over myself
like all over the whole glass of water I
didn't really know what to do so I took
my boxers off as you guys know I sleep
in my boxers so I decided to sleep naked
instead which I don't really find
comfortable so I'm vlogging naked now
kind of forgot this on me anyways and
instead of trying to dry the bed what I
look like now this is all soaking wet
still this like duvet blanket thing ler
here what I decided to do would just be
to put one of my two pillows that I
sleep with on top of the wet so this is
soaking wet
I just put my pillow on top of that and
then put my other pillow at the bottom
of the bed and just went back to sleep
moral of the story is don't fall asleep
with a drink in your hand because it's
not good you get bloody fright of your
life when you pour the drink on yourself
whilst you're asleep then you have a
cold wet bed then you have to sleep need
gigs if take your wet clothes off
you have to sleep at the bottom of the
bed and then you wake up in the morning
you know where the bloody LMI and then
you realize that you're at the bottom of
you're in bed anyways good morning how
you doing hope you haven't in lovely day
I'm currently just tucked up in bed with
not last to a sink of 1/2 it she's like
staring into the camera I need to get up
I need to get our stairs and I need to
sign the rest of these book pages that I
didn't manage to last night they get
picked up at 2 o'clock today also if
you're wondering where's there he is
Zoe yeah shall we then sorry like walls
look and Zoe has gone to set Louise's
she's gone to sell it with Louise and
I've also got fuzzy boy coming over
today to hang out of me and Nala because
mum is off to a flower show flower
something with poppy I don't know
Dave's coming over Steve's coming over I
think Sean's coming over then we're
going to go rock climbing I think we're
gonna go for lunch I don't mean oh no no
all I know is I want to go put some
clothes on because all naked and I don't
like being naked in bed fella see with
this in my hand let this little bit left
and I just poured all of that on top of
myself whilst asleep then so this just
arrived in the post I can't show you
what it exactly is but potentially a new
PB merch product and if they're good
then oh my gosh I'm excited then they're
going to be on on the crate store pretty
soon maybe like the next week or so one
of them is inside my hand now
hey mate hey mate are you doing are you
doing are you doing ha ha ha
the second to last one is going down I
gotta take away for lunch that I can get
signs and sign and I literally don't
have many left this is it that is it
left to sign and then I've done 10
thousands and I'm not what keeping going
on about it and I know there's a lot of
yesterday's god but once this is that
the way you can all get your signed
copies you can all be happy I'll be
happy that it's done and everyone's
receiving signed books oh it's going to
be good it's going to be good I always
ordered so much food that they give me
multiple cutlery because they assume
it's for more than one person I'm about
to sign the very last two books that is
one he ready this is the last one no the
paper monkey there we go yeah that feels
good that means you know it doesn't feel
good
my beliving shoulder this part of my arm
aches so bad
look how cute that is oh my gosh look
how cute these two event are now I'm
sorry did I wake you guys up
the last stack then there's none none on
the non signed pile all on the sign pile
today the doggies see later on tonight
loser is going swimming in the sea as
for me Sean
Dave and Stevie boy have come out to
play crazy golf it's a bloody ridiculous
day today in Brighton we've come to the
adventure crazy golf place my favourite
you guys now seen it before in the
blanks well that's about right
Steve's going up first lovely Oh
everyone's going to deny this but I just
got a hole in one on this longest hole
ever was that was that not sick it's
nicer to put in there oh I'm going to
film this just for the pressure
okay wait how many did you get the whole
in work times easier to just do it in
one
oh yeah same that's right boy how many'd
you get it mate I got four how many did
you get in there oh did you play gold oh
oh my god yeah are we not meant it oh
wait hi my den mines n-no you must have
asked me out
mine's in I think you bought mines in
row is outrageous shut up
no it is the right is that it is the end
one is everyone ready for the score no
halfway through your eyes loser in last
place
yeah I'm always wrong and even family I
already know 36 you're not funny Burma
31 making Dae yeong's nasty 21 I'm
telling ya 20 oh look one behind my back
or you might in front I'm one in front
coming your way
coming your way Flores
not away oh my missing you it's not that
much words at all
Alfie I reckon big day that's my bad you
know that's generally not mad at work we
do go boys
Dave wants it back Dave wants the big
hole going then Dave you got that
instant regret whilst playing I also
dropped my camera and broke it I just
got six on the last hole every other
hole is getting like one two three kind
of thing I just lost it all last hole
thank you so much
we finished up playing golf we're just
all heading out for some dinner
general get ahead have you been to the
marina before
yeah we do the holding everything oh
yeah loads of time to plate the marina
here's got like every restaurant you can
possibly imagine
yeah they are what do you think we've
gone to Nando's yeah there is extra
thing that's definitely not that and
we've we got wing roulette between all
of us on the cusp of things maybe
followers grab a wingman now because the
thing is you don't go for a wing before
you eat you need to enjoy your food so
you don't ruin your mouth of thing we
need to do this afterwards well that's
all we have what Dorothy is that a
medium for the already cost me less with
the punter finished up Nando's did you
want this Steve you're on this bear they
got out this night something but they
put it out all day
this thing just annoys me
Dave and I warned Steve that were good
at bowling and Steve some house and
somehow Steve has won the game again
that's all hope you one go and goal it
Congrats man Congrats
look at that sky just behind these
buildings just find the buildings is the
most incredible Sun oh there's a little
bit of that I look so tiny in the camera
last activity today guys indoor goes on
what yeah
right not this what am I going to give
up my camera just put on and go car I
can't you know the globe lighting on go
crush a man guys I didn't expect that we
were coming here so I didn't bring a
GoPro or any camera that I can put onto
the car I've only got my normal vlogging
camera even your main one
now I might have to my vlog camera away
you know or can you get your cheesy
phone out or not what was going round
though take me straight off direct it is
that statement Dave is taking this so
seriously anything
let's get on out tonight I'm not very
good at this how long have you been
driving 82 years I've been driving like
a mop that's true yeah yes thank you
honestly no I've never won more events
in one day yeah he's really well it's so
good I did so good at their adoration
Ashley right this is TV CNN after bit
kid - yeah I'm technically Taiwanese
daylight leave laughs so guys waiting
basically it was a 50 lap race I feel I
pulled yeah that is long where there's
45 minutes of racing bike and I mean
throwing your money around at 45 laps I
pulled over that and stopped and got out
because my back was aching so much and
I'll sweating so much other I can't
carry and doing it and the guys I know
you're five laps away from the end I was
like I can't I give up I'm done all
right
what do you say I'm for Jin Cong or your
agent Allah do you really think about
next challenge it is
tonight the t-bag shot challenge give me
a TiVo you ready
one tea bag h1 h2 you see that Y Z
reason and what we're doing why play so
good you want it there's one video there
are captions that your loop already yeah
they're doing it alright bolla it wants
to fund it right Y yet right a little
looper ni n it that's like a prop like
doll oh we're so true it's prophetic
I'll catch it my buns are bye okay so in
your what a gosh oh my that's so nearly
hit you oh my god sick a quite a lot
blowing one actually whoa oh yes you got
that in the pocket
oh do you know where you need these in
the woods but it's a dark
I'm so sorry how are you captain though
you ready
everybody got this one down here or fit
together heyy next I'm going to get some
points in our competition
it's not over goodbye sweetie not good
like so so tired after such a long day
just put my braces in got into bed today
shadow of the day goes to this person
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it doing the nice stuff thank
you so much for the love and spawn
yesterday's blog I've got a super
exciting parcel like crazy excitement
open tomorrow morning just down there
waiting up in morning to open it all day
but I've been waiting for tomorrow's
vlog guys
