task is to sign 3,300 or money book or
 yeah in the second and whomping
parts that I can see Wi-Fi left to do
and then we can gradually go mmm so that
all you've got left no the box says no
it's gone I first though stack first
little sack number three good afternoon
guys good afternoon how ya doing so just
come outside to give my hand a little
rest from signing I didn't think about
the aching hand situation I mean I knew
that there was a lot to sign and time
wise I knew I'm okay to do it but I kind
of didn't think about my hand aching and
that situation I have also bought
neither out with me for the little walk
step number four here we go so like I
don't even say good morning good morning
guys how you doing hope you're having a
lovely day I had therapy for the first
time yesterday that feels weird to say
therapy like the assumption with therapy
and having like a therapist is that
you've had some kind of like deep
emotional issues with your childhood and
your upbringing in but that's not why
that's not why I saw a therapist
yesterday I've had somebody come to the
house and I charge them for like it's
meant to be an hour and a half turned
out to be like two hours went really
well and then they ended up coming over
again like wasn't even plan to come over
again today and I've
another chat with me for like an hour
and a half there was no laying down on
like a certain chair and somebody been
like so tell me about your childhood and
then meet me like Oh like there was none
of that I had an amazing childhood I was
very very fortunate I had an unbeliever
childhood I loved school and everything
the reason why I saw a therapist a
couple months ago Zoey said to me do you
know what I find strange now that I've
been speaking to a therapist for a while
and so he said that not me looking at it
from a different perspective and
thinking people really really try to eat
healthy to look after their body people
really really go to the gym after you go
to the gym Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday every single week to
look after your body but people often
don't spend the time to look after their
brain to look after their mind and she
described speaking to a therapist as
mind management I have never even like I
had only ever really thought of a
therapist as trying to deal with like
issues things the user have gone wrong
in your childhood and you're trying to
like patch things up with your grieving
if you've lost a family member and you
need to speak to a therapist to like
help deal with that situation or but
that wasn't what I was talking about I
mean those are all great situations to
talk to a therapist about there Zoey was
talking about just how the average
person can benefit from speaking to a
therapist because it just helped them
manage their mind better and that is
exactly why I spoke to a therapist
yesterday as well as today just to have
a chat but there was no particular
agenda it was just to chat about my
whole life and how some of my systems
that have been running for up to 23
years now just going and going and going
in my subconscious mind things that I
don't even think about how I did
potentially alter some of them tweak
some of them change some of them to just
be more beneficial in my life just to
make my life better more enjoyable more
efficient I mean I've only had only had
two sessions I start like I know the
answers there isn't like particular
things that I'm searching for but
already within the first two sessions
I've already like found out things about
myself that I wouldn't be able to find
out about myself without speaking to
somebody because it's so normal for my
that I wouldn't be able to look at it in
another way if that makes sense
people who see therapists for all
different reasons all I'm saying is that
I spoke to a therapist yesterday and
today really really enjoyed it wasn't
sure if I was going to enjoy it because
there was no particular agenda no
particular thing that I was trying to
fix or sought out or patch together or
work on it was more just managing my
life as a whole my work my schedule
relationships families everything
everything and just see them as like a
bigger broader picture and I have
somebody help help me manage them in ER
in a better way I don't really know what
to say there is everything ending there
isn't anything more I can say than that
I just thought I'd let you know because
you guys are you're like friends you're
like family to me
and I want you to to know everything
that's going on and also just to like
speak about how having a therapist or
somebody that helps you manage your mind
or some kind of something going on
that's normal that's cool that's okay
you're like you're helping yourself and
I'm doing that's cool we healthy to help
our diets we go to the gym tell Baba DS
why not see a therapist to help your
mind surely that is very important if
anything anyways I get a bet did I just
say get a bet I mean better get I better
get back to sign in more more than
halfway yeah you can probably also
realize I'm using a different camera
today I'm using a big old camera let me
know what you think of this camera I can
do this kind of thing with it anyways I
just found these today completely forgot
about these little things that they do
never seen these in the UK this is so
delicious I didn't even realize what
this was this has just been sitting here
this is so delicious you're such an
idiot
it's the next day guys I am last night
was weird I started a channel signing
and signing and signing as you saw I
started to get them really bad chest
pains you know again you know
reading about acid reflux so I decided
to go and have a bath and just lay down
chill out relax for a bit and then carry
on styling afterwards I mean I did sign
a ton more like this is all that other
stuff that I've signed but I haven't
added to the pile yet so I'm just adding
that now and then that is exactly hah
oh my gosh so I've currently got about
three hours until the deliveries being
picked up and I'm halfway through let me
find a shout-out today
slim you are today shout out the day
Thank You ver for my notifications odd
as you're saying I see in the morning
