town is busy today guys there's a
festival on called The Great Escape
Ivan even summer vlog yet what did you
say have to get started the road good
morning guys I did you just bar persons
back before they guys why am I so
exposed you can't even all that's why
there we go that's better good morning
guys how you doing hope you have a
lovely day we're going just drinking
some juices in town in Brighton just for
ginger shop
I just want to feel you doing it that's
all try and do a lot in one go get all
dinner I mean it's a big shot
if I just yourself going
I just don't as long as my Facebook page
I'm a good puppy
oh my god uncle does crazy town is crazy
busy I haven't actually a filament too
much because it is literally hat
currently a flower shop there's like
beautiful we're trying to get poppy
insurer on a bunch of flowers welcome
them into their new flat we just got
them accord as well it is so big my gosh
got myself some lunch and a little latte
today
Bobby's a good over some of your
guardian anyway it's jalapeno chili I
feel like today's vlog has been all over
the place because I tried to start the
vlog in town and film in town and it was
way too busy there's so many of you guys
stopping us constantly so I didn't wanna
wait am I gonna get messy doing this do
I need to change my jumper I don't even
and then we went to poppy in Shaun's
flat but I didn't really feel much there
we were just hanging out
mark and I back to common video my new
daily vlog is just going up and just
finished internet and it was a sick one
if you didn't see yesterday's vlog you
need to go and check it out it was so
bad like man I'm obsessed with that bug
anyways Martin I'm about to film now for
Mark's channel we're doing a video where
we get five opportunities to try and
make the other one jump or laugh or
smirk we're basically sitting face to
face and you have to straight you have
to stay straight face like this and
you're not allowed and we've got five
chances so we both bought different
things that we think are going to make
the other one react if that makes sense
I've bought you covered them so some of
the things that I thought
video guys I think I might gone a bit
too far it's going up the same day of
watching this as you're watching this is
probably Apple it's about to go up so go
check it out Mark's channel but I'm just
thinking the softer I bought is so bad I
don't even know if he's going to put it
in the video if I've bought stuff like
that then I don't know what he's bought
having a cling film run cling film wrap
mark need a lie-down after the video we
just filmed for his channel I think I
need a lie-down you're funny
yeah that's why we like to fun but not
the wind so we've got the throat it's
really wet now oh crap I made it really
where what you mean what you mean what
you mean guys let's do is sleep over
24-hour challenge on the trampoline
sleep over nothing I could not do that
lucky well skin would you sleep on the
trampoline mark yeah if we got loads of
pillows and duvets and stuff I'd sleep
under ethical cold if it rained
I think it's waterproof Facebook you can
sleep on the grass if you want I was
like being buried a little bit back
office yeah it does always make the
graph die so it doesn't let the wall
together ah yes good some how the
shadows the pocket you can say a mark
thing yeah I avoid in this sometimes my
corneas director decide aside director
what you just said did you say a mark
thing
it's quite a few hours later after my
last blow clip guys I am yeah but we've
been filming since editing seems
uploading slims finished filming Mark's
main channel obviously we've all got
dressed and ready and tonight we are
going out
we booked a table which I didn't even
know you can do in Brighton we booked a
table in a club called revenge marks
here Follies here Jesse's here Shaun's
here Poppy's here Zoe's here we're going
out clubbing that means that we never
like very hasn't been out clubbing in
three years this is we never go out I'm
just trying to find you know that card
game that I played on my pointless blog
channel the voting game guys our founder
sorry
so stood at Table seven haha welcome to
town it's still going to see about on
love are you bringing it with you yeah
here we go
welcome Oh got a fight already
I was like I was like this is dangerous
the antics is what I've already begun oh
hi Georgie
or beat up guys about their
here we go Justin oh there we go
you're relieved in the cloud landing
right now thanks was the blog hug
enjoyed shut up okay
the pain
