you can't just hide it on me
women being shot hello hey does he bleed
it's pretty early in the morning and I
just wanted to start the road because
I'm about to go into a three hour
meeting but other one you guys to think
that I've just been lazy and start to
the blog lake so I just wanted to pretty
one yeah good morning
how you doing I hope you're having a
lovely day we've got both doggies here
today and I've never known a dog to be
so energetic and love playing as buzz oh
and then I was stolen it oh he is not
going to be happy about that
got a make yes buzz God get it back gone
get it all knowledge got it
or this is like commentating a football
match yes buzzy boy good morning how you
doing I've just finished editing
yesterday's vlog for you guys and I kind
of realized that I went to the ApS or
the vlog if you didn't see the road then
go check it out I went to go get
acupuncture yesterday kind of forgot to
tell you how I actually went and before
I went in Oz I'm going to try and film
it if I'm not allowed to tell you how it
is afterwards then I completely forgot
to tell you so acupuncture incredibly
cool like it was kind of like going to
therapy and I was chatting to the moon
for aids like a whole history and why I
think my chest is like it is and the
fact I shadow on my lung when I was born
and I was Aryan born and loads of stuff
then I laid down on the table and she
put like some little pins in my feet and
all up my stomach in my forehead
she put acupuncture needles in my
forehead none of that hurt at all and
then she said I'm going to try it out
here on your wrist yeah this is like a
story without me and then she put this
one in my wrists here and my hand went
and I couldn't open it I was like no no
no no no stick out she was like yet okay
she was like don't worry some people do
react like that and then she took it out
and put one in here instead but anyways
long story short I mean it didn't hurt
it was super cool it was super relaxing
super interesting to hear what the woman
had to say about acid reflux and why she
thinks how she thinks it flares up and
everything like that and I'm I'm going
to go at you punch once a week for the
next six weeks and then probably just
once a month going forward see how it is
and anyways just got to pop in SHhhh
ones that haven't had a look
around yet so am let's go for a tour
this is Poppy's mood right now high tide
shit you guys woke up super early as
well like not even seven more for their
yard I look sick we need to go half the
bed is here so much new furniture
arrived this morning me Oh
over here look at that mirror yeah and I
think it is nice nice little Benjy bench
yeah that's gonna be a mirror comes on
and take off your shoes and you come
into that yo yeah that's sick you like
it
yeah do you like it I think you got your
own offices guys this is my table and
what I do and you're not ready for it oh
my god knowledge litt you're gonna sleep
on this when she come that's gonna be
her spot he's just going to jump up
there where's the ones everyone loves
here we go Oh Kylie lip kit oh my god on
these aren't even lip kits
I feel good isn't it so comfy yeah nice
cool
I know you put in Smitha no I'll put in
snippet I'm only gonna put in snippet oh
my gosh this is sick nice nice and
you're saying I'm showing everything yet
you're showing me everything this is all
tidy this is this is really good
I'm going to stop showing you guys
because this is for popping Sean to show
uniqueness how excited you for tonight
on so it's like I haven't told them what
we're doing I'm terrified how you've
just told me that I know I'm really
scared I didn't well get them so tonight
we're going to the lady boys of Bangkok
show which are becomes to Brighton like
every year or so and I've wanted to go
for a while but I've never actually gone
we've never be know is the doctor only
heightened oh hang on and it's basically
lady boys I believe they all have
male genitalia so penises however they
are women yeah yeah is that right yeah
so there's good the lady boys a Bangkok
I'm assuming they're all from Bangkok or
that area and and they put on an amazing
show and apparently these I don't know
ever to call the men or women because
it's ladyboy I don't know what they
would want to be called the people who
are performing apparently like the most
beautiful looking females in the world
so we've got a table you booked a table
rather than just like a seat in a show
so we've got our own table ameesha and
poppy Zoe marks coming
Holly's come in you tell them what Holly
said holy went last week and she said
that somebody from the table that we
booked tonight I got pulled up one today
I'm I literally wouldn't do that
I've got brought up from Spain strapped
down to a chair their arms and legs and
lap dance in front of everyone in the
whole vengeance Oh scary
I would be so embarrassed rate up say no
and I think it's for mark no yeah
another mark no we wanna do it Holly
would love it so it's Eva Holly Oh
laughs okay with a that's the plan is if
they come to the table without my friend
wants to go but where was the double
dream Oh God I did not say Marcus and we
are doing that I'm sorry Maude your
kamagra lover is fine early this morning
I have the last ever points book three
meter you're like it's done
that look is done the tour is up the
books are for pre-order signed editions
the live show tickets are up if you saw
yes if you haven't seen guys click the
link down below and don't know if
they're still going to be tickets left
for anything but tons of stuff my book
is all out now you can come meet me at
all you can come to my live show you can
pre-order that sign to copy the book
it's finished
I'm looking forward to the tour we're
talking about it yesterday whammy yeah
do when the tour stops yesterday and
then cool stuff and there's some fun
stuff planned I think it's going to be
good
oh yeah read it pop is still unpacking
oh no she's dropping vegetables right
away
it's dirty nice shawnzy in lunch or busy
lunch I'm eating lunch naked chicken
burger avocado and bacon and cheese
sweet potato fries I had a burger the
other day a Marcus text me a picture of
him watching me my blog
watching me eat a burger said you should
be working out meeting another burger
this time I took the body
I put the bun on top of this thing
whatever it is it's a marcus handle I
was at your candleholder pleasure now my
bun hold up Marcus be watching no bun
mean still eat a burger with no bun so
shut up yeah see you later
uga half an hour an hour whenever
goodbye it is murder Elia I decide own
in the car wait what when I draw you
lose if I if what you treated me well
sir you done I've been persuaded to wear
a shirt tonight and like proper shoes as
well Holly are we in for a treat yes I
think Holly is more excited to see our
reactions than actually keep just
because you know what we're in for not
being shown are already happening
sometimes but not even the show yeah I
don't know if I'm going to be allowed to
feel I must be allowed to feel I'm
surely be able to snapchat and stuff
yeah exactly
yours busy always The Great Escape
festival starts today the festival yeah
so it's like every single music venue in
brighton and hove it's full all day
every single day for today tomorrow and
Sunday or different hacks all the time I
think it started we're like a minute
late just got the entrance over there
probably and Seana here now as well as
it started Holly is that the music oh no
typical Alfie only like a minute later
Poppy's going in what the bot was out
got cheese
then for a chair round here and they're
going to give somebody a lap dog from
the audience
you're doesn't want to have it either
one out there I'm so scared I'm so
scared
they tried to take me up there and I saw
I can't do it mom
oh my gosh until on the team
oh my god
we
you
fuck
I have to say that was officially one of
the mistake one of the most obscure
things I've ever experienced in my life
I thoroughly enjoyed it I just said I
would say on the edges might be enough
for mine I didn't equally wanna get
picked up every single school that they
went into the crowd and I was like nice
so think we don't be reloaded reading
under than any book wrote they picked me
and I let back and point it at Mark and
he took one for the team and went wrong
I'm mark I owe you we can't especially
oh my gosh look at that jujitsu that is
on my leg
karaokes taking off out there look at
Nala so tired
you just wrapped up a warm you sleep
them goodbye so well well well a season
so far okay this year later goodbye
poppy and Shawn and Holly have left this
just means area mark and we just follow
final destinations though you haven't
found this one you made ready for this
which just this is number five so if you
haven't seen this guys this is with the
eye surgery I don't know where it is if
it's at the middle or the beginning or
wherever
so three co-chief on the bus oh come on
come on
Oh is he must be sick I got everything
tonight guys I know in the morning
no these to stand up for a pizza I'm too
tired
I'm too tired three me run up to bed I'm
going to take this little sausage up to
bed with me
not unless you love to bed
okay
