good morning how you doing you having
oh I'm just filming my dog doing away in
the background hope you're having a
lovely day wherever you are whatever you
do and if you're part of the LBW Club
the like before watching don't forget to
give the video a thumbs up oh my gosh my
feet are so cold oh my gosh whoa my god
why am I out here with no shoes on oh I
know I know I am recently there's been a
big old Fox and the Fox is here where we
live in the countryside
they're not like City foxes that are all
scraggly and trying to find food these
foxes are big these foxes are beautiful
these foxes amused eaten like rabbits
and mice and probably people's chickens
from their gardens and stuff anyways
these foxes are big is what I'm trying
to say not yesterday the day before but
neither was out having a morning way
there's the big old Fox that lives
nearby
he's got a girlfriend as well somewhere
but she wasn't here yesterday or the day
before whenever it was but he Nala went
out for a wee and he was like sneaking
up to her really slowly she didn't see
him but not but Zoe ran outside and was
like no they're not look at me here come
here they're not I ran back inside and
came to Zoe we wouldn't have had a clue
whether he was like on the attack
thinking that normally like a bigger
rabbit
cuz no it was very small all acknowledge
saw him whether she would have thought
he's a dog and tried to play with him so
a little bit skeptical at the moment
about and I like going out early in the
mornings or late at night without us
like keeping an eye on her
that's where this morning I went outside
with no shoes on but then that I mean
though I like three pairs of my shoes
down here that I can you just come on
anyways it's currently like 20 past 7:00
in the morning I've got about five or
ten minutes until my gym sessions
and I'm feeling good I'm off to come
work out but I'm not gonna bring you
guys along with me because I don't want
these blogs every single morning four
days a week to just start with me in the
gym that's boring as heck for you maybe
occasionally if I'm doing a particularly
fun workout or something but I don't
want this blog channel just to turn into
time lapses of a few days struggling to
lift weights so um so I'll see you I'll
see you in a bit
that was awesome it's actually like past
lunchtime at the moment I had breakfast
in a really cool little cafe whilst
having a meeting and then I've just been
back in the office now for the last like
three hours catching up with teams
designing the logo for the new podcast
which is like basically done we've got a
couple of different slight variant
options that were choosing between so
exciting and then had another meeting
and they jumped on the phone call for a
meeting tons of tons of productive stuff
now I'm currently doing something that I
should have probably done my six months
ago when Zoey and I moved to a slightly
new area and Brighton
I haven't yet signed up to a local
doctors
that's really bad of me but I haven't
done it yet so I've got like all the
people like here to sign up and that's
what I'm gonna go go and do now later on
today a big chunk of the team is heading
over to the to the new office we'll get
in your own lane woman to earn to go and
have another update because we are
moving in next week no don't be nor did
Nala now the teasing begins fine very
good yeah I know it was quick maybe from
10 to 12 but this is just you sure
it just feels like you're taking off
already at 16 I know but that the noise
and the kind of this is my first night
why your mother is very why is she
well no because she tried it with your
stencil I know that's why she's okay
about it but she's worried because
that's what mothers do but just had to
run back to the office catch up on a few
old didn't know I spent knowledge me
right there and she's gone finally
finished in the office today but fully
finished the time is twenty two four and
I'm done in the office I've earnest
finish I've had in you know let me see
your hair so is that a haircut oh it
sure is mad yeah that's really nice yeah
like yeah it's really nice look how
light it is it is 22 4 and it's still
complete blue sky it's still light at 22
for this is probably I'm more I'm more
excited about having longer daylight
than anything else
Missy why are you barking come here
coming in even more excited actually nos
gives him walk said than the new office
probably not more excited than the new
office come on
get your butt inside no more come on
inside no and she's gone coming in
are you joking me you ignoring me on
purpose
good girl in town I need to buy a new
member of team PV a SIM card
there hasn't been any good food in the
house I love that cafe this is the
lesser need to get some protein cookies
and cream shake
I've got eight minutes until the very
last meeting ever at the office for SARS
although I kind of need to eat this and
then get there as well I just come out
to Wagamama my foods arrived for
everyone else's I got double portion of
chicken and this dish here which is
actually vegan but I've got two chicken
dishes as well my vegetables
I've been letting on her out and then
I'm going up and getting in the bar she
won't come she wants to stay with you
what a shame okay you take note I'll go
run a bar guys whoever wait just for can
we talk about how insane the office was
no just pretended she needs a drink you
don't need a drink
good girl going then can we quickly talk
about how did the office looks it's like
this close to being done if not let us
know in the comments what you think
whether it is better or what what was
the one I thought that I've been big
enough the new company the new office
and everything a while in these vlogs
and it's like it's happening next week
Thursday next week move-in day and we're
moving all the stuff in choosing when to
turn Wednesday and then the team joins
us on Thursday for their first day yeah
gonna be good
I'm just like it feels like it's been
forever in the planning in the making
and that's about to come a reality where
both of our teams are we need to decide
who's team sitting where which take your
team sitting next to the toilet there is
a joint abyss and just not near the
desks do you know which pit I love the
most
what the kitchen do you with the safer
bet all right I like that no I like the
hearts oh my god yeah that's my favorite
chili sorry or just standing in the
little like and I orbit between the
meeting rooms in the studio I've already
got some magazines to put in that have
you really excited we'd go million yeah
you've got a problem if you want through
some of our vlogs across the last week
the reason why is my eating so much and
I'm drinking like I'm eating a lot of
protein because I'm working out now
Jimbo how much with robbie's too far
mindful in the day when I used to their
protein shakes yeah I don't take protein
shakes or I'm just eating our protein
all pure I remembered although I've
realized that I'm not oh wait I did have
a protein shake early didn't I
that proper dirty granade protein shake
I'm probably not the best at running
baths as oh he should probably do be
doing this because she makes a little
more I don't know the best stuff to put
in here Wow I think I've shown you this
before but I'm gonna show you again this
is a little piece of art that webinar
ball with lots of different boobies and
this is a little piece of art we have in
our more lots of bums I don't know what
any of this stuff is that goes in the
bath to be honest yeah I'm gonna leave
that bit down to Zoey so basically I
just turned on the tap when I said I'd
do the bath but I just tent the tap on
wow I have not seen these bedsheets
before we've got new bed sheets on the
bed and these are funky oh my god this
is my favorite like feeling for a bed
sheet as well really like hard Zoey Zoey
the bed sheets look sick they're so cold
oh man this must so good isn't it done
shut the camera off for a bit we're
gonna jump in the bath what are we gonna
watch two roles
number one is no talking about work
number two don't fall for a no fart is
the secret life of pets Rudolph's before
parent it's the best program ever
the only issue we have is that Nala kind
of likes to bark at dogs on the TV so
we've had to put the laptop up here so
that she can't see it Zoey's got
Maltesers and I've got an extra side of
chicken farm back on the line
I'll see you after nevah
I mean technically it is after the bar
but it is also the neck the next day
because as soon as I got out the bath I
forgot to end the vlog so I'm just
ending it now the following morning if
you enjoyed the video give it a thumbs
up go down below subscribe if you're not
already hit the little Bell button and
I'll see you tomorrow
catch you then goodbye
