early start to the vlog today guys do
your future self a favor and work hard
today it's not even 6:00 a.m. I'm up in
the gym
got myself a blocker to wake me up I've
got a banana protein bar and a massive
bottle of water advice time to get poppy
and Sean said this morning we were
working out here at 6 a.m. it is
currently 13 minutes past 6:00 I put my
are you Bobby sure what what's going on
we've got a couple of no-shows that's
fine I'm good with that I can still work
out without them but I see you I see you
missing your sessions oh my gosh oh my
god so no didn't get on camera no I was
holding it by the strap and a strap just
snapped oh my gosh look at the wall is
that bad just finish it - not the daily
vlog just rendering out the color
changes that I've done 78% Zoey's
offered to make me breakfast this
morning
oh that is a big wish I just use a
little fork I use one of these ones do
not have a small whisk Liberty mom have
those tiny ones
I'll pop these in the bin I've been
doing these little shots recently we've
got ginger ones here and I'm about to
try a tumeric one which apparently
tumeric don't quite mean if I'm wrong
apparently I've heard great things about
tumeric delay in memory loss and things
like dementia yeah Jim Eric is like
really really good for that bids get a
nice thickening out these look amazing
see I think that when I normally do I
think i overcook them you make omelets
and then you scramble the omelet yeah
that looks so much better than mine
people don't like the word I'm about to
say but they look moist but I'm being
serious I know here we don't like that
word yeah overcook mine this is so my
kind of gadget look he stick that in
there no way yeah and it comes out oh my
how did I not know we've got this you
use that to cut it that's get stone out
and then hopefully if it's ripe enough
oh my gosh you can that is ridiculous
whoever made this is going to be a
billionaire I swear people love their
that Ricardo yeah that's the breakfast
of dreams trying to egg the taste test
Hank you've ever tried trying to egg
without the guac yeah not what a boy
just the egg crusher
good mm-hmm the best scrambled egg
you've ever had mmm you know what it
made it Charlie betcha what but I get
not not for the Jim cheese
I love cheese describe this is why I'm
telling you you don't make egg you make
omelets like he adds cheese and might
add things to it then is like like when
you haven't smoked salmon into it yeah
it is a fair few hours later in the blog
guys I've been smashing ton of meat ins
went out for a lunch and now I'm back
just recorded a gaming video with Morgan
Hillman Skype with and Morgan's just
reminded me he's laughing because he
said what did you do yes n said I went
to the gym twice and he said your gyms
lit from the outside your front door
that doesn't count and then I said oh my
gosh there's a clip in the dog metaphor
in yesterday's vlog that's about to go
live and I forgot to put the clip in the
guy that was painting the design in my
gym filmed a really cool time-lapse of
him doing it I completely forgot to put
it in yesterday's vlog so I'm gonna
insert it now seems a little bit random
but I forgot for the yesterday's vlog
and it's call so I don't want it to go
to waste so enjoy the little time lapse
you're why sick we go in a right here
time to climb boy I'm jealous now Emily
says guys it's busy in there today it is
busy support me ins are currently
getting their nails done at Sean's place
so whilst they're getting pampered we're
climbing now I don't want to make a bit
excuses I did go to the given this
morning so I'm mine of investor climbing
swimming over AP I'm not making okay
it has got to the point where we
literally can't do anything I'm trying
the easier climbs and I can't do it my
arms are so weak the after climbing
dinner this is what we're talking about
why did you take so much take away got a
drink oh wait it's Nando's olives on the
boy they quiet feel like they're hiding
hello why you hide in I know they're
both asleep and then bro they're asleep
they're asleep
oh nice there sure yeah he also claimed
red poppies never gone brennidon it's a
blame red let's talk about this morning
she would talk about it because I've
vlogged yet we have a gym calendar what
when did you change it after you change
so we have a calendar where you Brooke
in we book in what time you're going no
you did what time she sure and changed
it this morning we have a calendar we
will the family lazy cook in one hour
you're going to the gym at our house so
that we're not all there at the same
time me Bobby ensure agreed 6:00 a.m.
this morning as you saw I was there I
hope he has this thing where she said no
I changed in the calendar I wasn't gonna
be there she changed it at 7:30 no no no
no so half an hour off you meant to be
then he changed
but then you went to the gym still I'm
so excited for this my rap yeah we got a
lot what is going on we need to hurry
this isn't fun you're gonna throw them
into me a connection of your star of my
PB Murch Lingam bio 20% off well just
take this pretend this is Buzz the one
cuz you don't have a dog I'm gonna go
home and go and cuddle Nala
Janice hi jealousy pop let that's your
dog
pop you wants to go and stay at mums
tonight no you're not
no you don't drive late at night you
don't someone competent saying positions
on the back of the sofa saying just got
home now
praising myself for going to the gym so
at least mornin and rock climbing
tonight and a day full of meetings with
a little mini milk chocolate does anyone
else have a dog
that when you moved house was incredibly
well-behaved because basically what Anna
says when we moved house Nala
it wasn't Nora's house to Nala it was
like someone else's house so she was
incredibly well-behaved I never have any
accidents inside not really too much
barking at anything
now we've lived here for like six months
it's like it's hers now she's protecting
it so like this morning it was raining
she wouldn't go outside to the toilet
for a week but she would not poop
outside
net back inside after ages we come
upstairs like later on poo in our
bedroom like it's it was after she came
inside but it's I mean like pug poos are
tiny and solid so it's not the end of
the world but it's not about that it's
about it's like her owning the place now
she's a lot more barky birds in the
garden and when people coming in at the
front door again it's not scary like
because she's a little pug she doesn't
bite or anything but she's very
territorial and she wasn't her at all
when we first moved in oh yeah I know
how she was but then she wasn't here and
I was like oh yes okay she like she's
all good now she's becoming starting to
get naughty again so I think we're gonna
have to get a dog trainer in but if
anybody has any tips and advices had
that situation would be amazing if you
could leave a comment down below and let
us know anything because you being a
little aren't you and
you're doing little shits aren't you
she's looking at me like no I'm a good
girl I mean you are a good girl but you
also being annoying at the moment hate
to break it to you you are actually
being annoying at the moment if I carry
on vlogging for any longer my ice
lollies gonna melt so I'm gonna end the
vlog I hope you enjoyed it if you have
give it a big old thumbs up lesson to be
a thumbs up because I can't do a thumbs
up and let's see how many we can get
let's see if we can get over 25,000
thumbs up that is your challenge
also tomorrow's vlog I need to remember
but I'm gonna do a giveaway
I've got something really exciting a few
of them to give away my vlog that I got
given to give to you guys so that's
really really excited for tomorrow let
me know if you're excited and yeah we
just had a lovely day I hope we've got
to spend time doing something you love
whatever that thing may be Zoe you got
any words of wisdom any zoella things
you want to add to the blog quote mmm we
are a Zoe born oil diffuser for the
bedroom and we've been using a penis
it's like an electric one they're like
the only thing I don't like about it is
that it lights up which is quite bright
when we're trying to sleep pumps out
like a very nice little vapor smokey
kind of thing humidifies the room is
that your advice to get one of them okay
there we go
no let's still sitting on the floor
they're just looking at me okay I'll let
you up in them oh okay guess I don't
even need to let up I'll catch in the
morning guys thanks again for watching
thanks again for all the support that's
given for the love if you haven't
checked out yesterday's vlog go check it
out if you haven't checked out
tomorrow's it's coming tomorrow
get excited see you in the morning good
night guys
