good morning good morning good morning
how you doing oh oh no but comers going
to fall support beings are we off to go
and get their eyebrows done
hey I'm eyebrows another date with my
youth and I'm also going get breakfast
with Sean and I'm guessing that Sean
nope that's my lunch wake up wow I've
got some exciting news and I tweeted it
but I haven't mentioned it in a video
yeah last night I checked my phone act
what was it
12:41 in the morning so it's 41 minutes
into the next day I completely forgot
like oh I didn't forget I just didn't
think about that my book was going
available for pre-order because it's
available right now for me which is
yesterday for you so at 12:41 that went
on Twitter that's 41 minutes into the
next day of mode but we inflatable for
pre-order come over it was already
number one and there were some charts
from you guys like I didn't even tweet
saying like it's available now go
midnight like I completely forgot their
midnight it would kick live and then
1241 is number one in the chart so you
guys sit in there waiting to preorder it
so thank you so much thanks for the love
guys still available if you want to go
check it out
I've got a weird thing happening today
the Run will be wait for you bitch
definitely with me I've never had it
before I'm getting acupuncture today I
don't if I'm gonna be allowed to film it
I don't know how a consumer cuz I'm
probably going to be like laying down on
my back or something
I'm sure I need that camera yet I don't
know if the person whose gender to me
it's going to want to be on camera
my mum gets acupuncture on her back
she's got a bad back at the moment and
she's like it's amazing and she got
chatting to the woman who does it and
mentioned I have acid reflux like you
know what my chest hurts guys and one
was like oh my gosh that's like
something we can do now let me really
let me try and sort that out for your
son so I've got then an active entre
appointment I don't think it's going to
sell is an act
honey yeah he got his knee on his back
he gets hit a lot he likes it with me
I don't if anyone likes it I think that
he bitch likes the outcome of it yeah
but I don't know ever put in there like
the little needle things in your hurts
if your mum can keep going back yeah my
mum he's needling on that side because
it's kind of like if you like to take
blood or something like that she doesn't
have the best pain threshold is
like you I don't even know how long -
your letter is pierced
I'll have a baby - baby's lemma neck as
I'm doing today 11:30 but this morning
now marks text me he's not coming over
tomorrow yeah Oh morning a couple of
things are you know Randall I told you
more I would you actually feel
Montevideo's me to my channel it's going
to sell my channel but don't really we
don't really have one we're gonna happen
up a channel at the moment do you think
you could drive a bus turning sharp
corners would be challenging yeah how do
you turn this corner really wide and you
hope that the people on the other side
can see you coming
take it really wide yeah when I was
driving back from your matters honestly
I don't know why no-one could drive I
nearly crashed like three times because
of other people okay that's one thing
I've learned it was felt like driving
towards me on my side of the road that's
the main thing neither I learnt too many
things when under worsens learning to
drive right in the last year number one
pedestrians idiots and just don't look
when I cross the road yeah amount of
people they're just on their phone in
town walking across the road I'm like do
you want to get here like your scariest
people looking at their phones and
number two is how many bad drivers that
are on the road like it
not just some people make awful
decisions and then you be the one to
make a good decision in order to not
crash I think it's with one more three
though what I'm because there's a lot of
this in Brighton see a lot likely in the
dark with no helmet no helmet mark in by
day but the sad thing is like many
people cycle in Brighton and London as
well you just risk in life it's just so
not fair because if I hit a cyclist and
it was their fault and there's no helmet
on the Sun it bad I've been like they
died I would ever be living with that
that's horrible to live with and it's
just believed they were in the wrong Wow
good job woman I just got a light on the
back you know I think it is that a lot
of people get cool out and they go
somewhere on their bike and then they
think all is dark but then I have to get
home yeah I think it should be an or to
wear a helmet on
on your bike no I don't know that's not
at all I don't pretty sure it's not good
job although she's on the pavement I
think that's illegal
yeah yeah she should be in the bike lane
I mean an issue a helmet and lights on
but you just it has to be climbing on it
waiting on it there's really big people
walking around under so many cycles
right now so we turned into like I can't
go really can i cuz I was all right I
can't now anyway
look yo a double-walled helmet and a
high-vis jacket that is all the points
in the world good I really all that with
you what hand up yeah yeah whoa oh
everyone's wearing a helmet today I
think it's because it's all commuters
sure I know what they're doing where is
it's like the casuals bye kiss right I
bet you I guess
cyclists I bet if I asked some of my
friends who cycled you wear a helmet
they're going now that's not cool
bet you I'm glad you know it's not gone
Diane I'm getting here off your bikes
that's not very cool no it's really good
 I'm Megan elevate oh my god she did
did she
honestly that was her double yeah wall
of her she does away Reagan guys since
my trainers been away climbing
Kilimanjaro as you casually do he's now
been I for like ten days and I've been
to the gym zero times whereas previously
I was working out five days a week
not good not good hopefully he gets back
next week then we can start training and
so we just come after breakfast although
I'm kind of kind of know she was hanging
a frigate spinning out the window fly
drop it
well I kind of already finished eating
and so is short so see there I missed
filming at miss filming moment I don't
even know what I said then why would you
even care about and filming my food
goodbye thank you have a nice day you
know nice hey no more get Thanks Oh
watch Rockler my acupuncture starts in
three minutes
I'm super nervous I don't know ever this
is going to hurt or not I've never had
this before and I just I just don't know
what to expect like surely putting
needles in strange parts of my body like
my ankles or my chest or my forehead I
don't even know where they're going to
put them surely that's just not a nice
feeling like surely that hurt I'll let
you know
like I thought film it I'll see you I'll
see you in a second I'm definitely not
going to be allowed to film our sofa is
officially gone everything is all empty
in here now well it's literally echoing
like it's actually echoing so poppy
insurance somehow managed to persuade me
they're moving claps at the moment as
you know and sometimes prescribe me to
let them have the sofa here that we
don't use so the delivery people just
came and picked it up and now we have no
sofa however they've given us this unit
I mean on the other side it's normal
that's the back of there
those made the area look so lonely I was
also having a little photo shoot
she doesn't realize it do you look at
this this is where our sofa was every
now and then I love it though
come on telling everyone what you just
said what you don't like wait
rain rain like more wet hard rock then
laughs it's a big droplets I mean when
always signing the speak all Wayne is
wet all Wayne we're heading off to go
pop to Waitrose
grab some sushi then heading over to
poppy and Shawn's the new flat that
they're moving into to help them set up
all of the furniture and rearrange with
us stuff today is that one of them that
today's the day that they're moving
everything over oh my gosh that
certainly got me bloody ell let's hope
they've got some sushi left come on come
on it's looking good it's looking good
veggie veggies tempura chicken salmon oh
no they've only got one
I'm sorry papi I'm so sorry I just got a
big oh yes this is my favorite as well
I know my lenses dirty this camera is
literally I just come was falling apart
I do need to get a new one don't
persuade me the first one destroyed me
I've just arrived obvious ones new place
the sofa is in right literally 60
seconds ago in this blog that the sofa
was in our house and now it's in here ah
it looks so sick it's so so good and
they got the table here with chairs and
a bench and there's still somewhere over
the stools are there so he's looking
after Nala she's trying to make
knowledge are we on the balcony no no no
and Bobbie and Shawn I was always having
everyone the balcony we're going back to
probably ones old flat and they're going
in the mini and we're going to grab
their TV unit with their TV grab their
coffee table and get the last couple of
little bits first family dinner and put
into a new place we've got a very very
posh selection of food for sushi
breadsticks and through we bought the 12
bite carats of mine so this is you this
is your room and this is my he bought
this we did what is that yeah which is
crazy it's like a massive tech deck
hello that duty doctor judy judy judy
doctor sounds up and was that legs apart
I feel really tough I feel really really
this place is proper getting there guys
we've just went and picked up a ton more
stuff from there other flap look at it
it's all up becoming a proper front room
down here mum and them guys are all like
put in all the clothes out probably saw
offers and they're Sean's office down
the end I don't even cuz we got you can
come stay over I want and I'll adjust
did a poo this might say
haven't you watch engine banana just by
herself went out onto the balcony and
did a poo by herself like she knew that
she wasn't let's go inside you know yet
she doesn't poo inside and we inside
like ever at anyone's house but if I
could it's not a garden it's about today
we didn't know how it's not even a glass
or anything that's just like painted
green so we didn't know whether she
would be like really needed in the
toilet scared that she can't go inside
but she just took herself off to that
after the little balcony and went good
bye good bye kapanke we're leaving I
bought soya sauce over because I like a
very particular soy sauce with my sushi
and let if I turn the light on I just
hugged poppy goodbye spilt it all down
and all down there all down my brand new
jumper let you got the jumper yesterday
soy sauce that is not going to come out
time to take my hoodie off straight in
the washing machine look at that oh my
gosh and then if you saw yesterday's
vlog or not but in case you didn't and I
don't know whether this is going to be
much left so I'm just gonna just going
to say it and it might be sold out it
might not my new book the pointless book
3 is available for pre-order right now
like literally now I'm about carrying on
signing some copies there are there's a
load of signed books available to
pre-order so if you go to Amazon I'm
going to leave a link down below it says
book stuff in description click that
link and on that page you can order a
signed book if you want I'm doing a live
event in London like me Q&A chatting
with the audience hanging out kind of
feeling like a chatty podcast kind of
vibe where a ton of you guys I also get
to meet a hundred of you on the day you
don't get to buy like a meet-and-greet
ticket but there's a special way on the
day where you're going to find out if
what if I get to meet you and as well as
that I'm also doing a book tour so I'm
going to leave all the details down
below if you haven't checked it out
already I don't know if there's going to
be any tickets left any other if there's
any signed copies of the book left
because obviously there's only a limited
number so I'm gonna leave a link down
below grab yourself a signed copy of the
book grab yourself to get to my tour
grab yourself a ticket to the live event
in London
eliminate exciting one thing I haven't
told you guys yet but that really
happened earlier today is that our he
King has just stopped working for some
reason
so we have got zero radiators turned on
the house is like an ice cube I cannot
even describe oh my gosh oh my gosh the
bed is so cold gonna have to heat it up
by like moving around loads and keeping
it nice and warm let me get on my laptop
and find today's shout out of the day
just reading through the comments now
and there is a comment with 279 thumbs
up in something called just Georgia so
you are the shadow of today if you've
enjoyed the vlog guys you know what
today give it a thumbs up subscribe tell
more notifications on and good luck if
you want to come on the book tour if you
want to get signed book good luck good
luck good luck because there is super
limited numbers of everything I know I
say what I'm about to say a lot but
honestly I do mean it I've got a sick
day tomorrow like tomorrow is going to
be such a good day I'm not going to tell
you who I'm hanging out with but there's
a good solid group of us we're all doing
something fun in the evening I'll see
you 5 p.m. tomorrow good night guys
okay
