what's going on now are you gonna go
inside go and then you can't join him
I've barely filmed at all today so good
morning
how you doing hope you having a lovely
day I'm hanging out with somebody you
probably haven't seen in the blogs about
eight years where was the last time we
hung out I honestly think I don't think
I've been in your vlogs like maybe even
hung out a long time man
yeah maybe even a bit more your wedding
poem maybe blue in the neck leave has
been like traveling the world for the
last like year or two and we've barely
hung out and all he wants to do today
since you've hung out we did go and
catch up and get breakfast and staff
that or like lunch that I didn't feel
when we did go to popped into town as
well but I wanted to take off of the
camera just chill and hang out and catch
up and things all these want to do so
this has been here is play with fidget
spinner I just you know what you know
when you see those things on internet
and they blow up but you know that I
have one here a core that really you
have but I thought you'd have like a
little like arena a giant one like that
bit what was the old Estes my new arena
self is yeah they're just competing it
alone although one you haven't get a
good side I know yeah release second
time
Hey Liberty hey I've got that now I got
that one too don't leave Leo we're just
hanging out catching up we're talking
about cameras talking about future it's
interesting they're actually talking
about because a Steve can I say that
you're like what is a real or even stuff
Steve's looking to like read onto all of
his YouTube and everything that he's
like always social and I also haven't
uploaded on my vlog channel for six
months so it's interesting to to hear
what he's about to tell me about his
plans yeah because I take the meat that
Steve barely uploads all the time joke
about with them and just now here's our
things and do this many videos a week or
that and I'm like laughs and so why do
you even do YouTube it's nice really oh
hey can I get your advice on this like
how many things - how many do you think
I could do I was like I don't do this
man you're like look at me like you're
never going to do that yeah but I don't
even talk Ivan uploader importance blog
for six months but for me that's quote I
can't believe that code that's what I
mean so I can't like yeah I do this
channel every single day but my other
channel I'm not loaded in six months so
we're gonna have any trap yeah I was
just thinking like I'm I kind of lost
excitement about making videos yeah just
the kids like everything was old like
not that it matters but like logo and
all that kind of stuff and I was like
really searching that what videos I'm
going to do now I feel like I've kind of
found out the type of style of videos
and that's why I think I can commit to
doing more yeah but it's so important iw
with this all the time this is what I've
kind of had in my head for my points
blog channel is you've got to enjoy
making the video that's I think that
when I started points blog and when I
was like really really caution loads of
videos on there like one a week for
years and years in a row
I was 16 17 18 19 20 21 I'm naturally
filled I've been in that channel for at
nearly nine years lessons learned I've
changed I'm different I do i do still
enjoy those videos but I don't know if I
don't enjoy making them as much as I
previously did so therefore I wanted to
change things up a bit I think that
literally ever never is Melonhead
because for me I was like in this Wiz in
weird things like I want to do these
other videos or these on views and these
videos take longer
yeah like oh okay what I was telling
people that I can do loads of these but
like I couldn't commit that because it
involved loads of time and planning and
stuff yeah how I'm like right I feel
like I've got the rhythm of videos I
want to make and I'm not I can actually
like but I reckon II yeah I'm taking
this long yeah to get that yeah but
you've got it it's good though good you
got to realize that I'm trying to make
actually happening and that's like me
not uploading on my points blog channel
and enjoying this channel so much I show
me that like I can take the time out to
perfect the videos or decide the videos
that I want to make on that channel and
then start making them when I'm ready
I'm excited to eat a lobster hey bruh
she's covered bad how bad I know good
really loud and you gotta work everyone
is that Rick alright yeah I didn't even
see it
oh that really sound Oh probably
shouting shouting well running upstairs
running upstairs cause you go apparently
the sky yo and that does look sick I'm
on your head man boy look at it man okay
we need to go as we go very unless you
think it's too late no what kind of it
yes is it too like a bee maybe pop you
just strung us now if you want us to go
that
you'll have to go that way but see is
that way yeah but rien the less we drive
to Devil's diper 7 how far that way 6
ever minutes it's not Hardware trancing
it wow that's it then we can make it
we'll make it though I'm just worried
he's going to go behind a cloud wait I'm
filming us a movie filming it you can
one that your papi just rang me now says
out there you need to get in the car go
film the sunset for the vlog you can't
even really even see it in the vlog guys
it looks not I feel like we could have
been in the car by now should we just go
for my chasing the sunset guys we've
jumped in the car then everybody X's
Carney it's 9 o'clock on the dot
right now which is pretty late who
remembers literally no bumps permits me
a lot if you think that yes how mad is
this I take that I like it right a month
yeah it's like warm and cozy for a
little bit and then there are the you
know actually I basically just like
Christmastime yeah I forget is due
December yeah and then we're going back
summer
yeah yeah that we go oh no he's going
he's going
that's gone unless we can drive through
the clouds or that really quiet far away
oh hi there movie look at them and
actually moving so far they're going to
be gone in a second I'm being legit I'm
used to this testing out this other
camera
Steve Steve set me up on another camera
just testing out see how wide is see in
the audio yeah let's go
it does it good it's more true like
color right okay it's just wider so it
gets more in shot yeah yeah we kind of
drive all the way to the countryside and
then realize that this one had already
set and we missed it so we came back
home with what a pizza instead my no
seams gets excited when your keister
garlic bread there Charlotte okay when I
be all right this piece is called jakab
is called jakab low and not Jakob
yes so good yeah so good ma'am no that's
so easy
and then Zoey in Steve just ordered
another piece of share as well
why is he doing and he had four
doughnuts earlier you decide on Amazon
I'm getting Boeing employment
this was another it was not part of what
it would it would occupy so you as you
see already London okay in my mouth
they're now sick about hair it's not
mine is it
why do you judge in my life if it
doesn't go in there ain't coming out now
is in there is now I breathe out my
mouth like why not and pull out the
video I read that one a lot you do you
got all the problem is you just go nice
good it's when I'm filming when I hold
my car this I'll be filming you and if
you stop speaking all you hear is this I
don't know I do it I know I'm talking
about
sometimes I make maybe polish because
I've read that my mouth rather than my
nose and Terry Caffey the cherry cola
you can change your posture on one of
those waters a tender which one's mine
and this one's yours
thank you very much there we go it's
noisy like how do you go on there cool
what's going on with him like that there
we go alright so hunky dunky is on the
wall now have to take turns hitting a
breakout on the preference have you ever
make some for losers I like this game oh
yeah
now you like yet so yeah even though
he's done knowledge initiative is the
quality content you get on this channel
I'm taking this topic pulling up Rob
Roblin shoveling it can you do that stop
me
that's your good back to you this is oh
oh nice wanna take out a hole yeah oh
okay that's hard it's hard now it's
really hard I found one
we just play the game oh when you touch
it up for me about going oh boy I can't
get out
yes I can you're right though that's the
proper way to play so that's how you
want to go so but that's all loading is
it fair isn't it cool don't lean up go
don't go in that lot so yeah is it this
one jacket is it this one jacket oh I
like this
trouser growl at trama loud man as it
goes well cry and make a layin or hit
that one
so as we go through this hey sharks cool
no I mean the right under his bum
probably isn't going to be the men like
it it's being left held on it or it's
not what this on here it's not snot you
found one you can really this is
actually getting pretty good we've got
quite a lot out okay so going to that
one so that's crazy
that's quite crazy man oh look at in
what will a man be careful because you
just see this one it is your
other half is done oh no you're doing oh
no I can no you know who you know why
because the one underneath yeah yeah
yeah good smile hitter shut ah yes Oh
what why are you holding onto the bottom
oh it's me again oh no we got diet
because it no gays out there yeah when
my go yeah I have no idea but Alfie's
done though I'm not oh I'm done
boy girl girl I've asked you know you
haven't I have I have a margarita or I
can see one about you girl I can do 100
yeah I think you are no I actually think
you are there's no way think about it
the only mine okay gives that one no no
I wouldn't do that one I do this one no
that one that one there that one ready
maybe never be no that was so much why
it was wet I think that I might be right
oh no no no that you know that no no no
what gone before I thought you had some
happy escape inside to lose okay okay I
really let this game oh but now it's our
gender to build it again yeah see that's
something I'm done after no I just and
get it on camera oh I bet you put that
whole section outlet look at this guy
look at this guy Steve tried to take one
hour and all of them just fell I can't
leave I actually got it he started it
Elfi No
funny I didn't only record I did one
that wasn't even connected to any gender
setting on December I'm headed there now
guys I've got something super exciting
to tell you but I'm going to wait and
tell you in the morning and insert it in
a second so the reason why this vlog is
ending today and not last night in like
midnight is because I wanted to be able
to say this whilst I'm fully awake and
I'm like so excited that I can actually
tell you on the day that it's actually
happening my book my new book the
pointless book 3 is officially is
available to pre-order like literally
available to pre-order right now at 41
minutes past 12:00 last night midnight
when I was going to bed I went on
Twitter and I like didn't even I didn't
forget I just wasn't thinking about my
book coming out a midnight I thought
about coming out today when I woke up
but I went on my phone last night at
midnight just to check Twitter to scroll
through like usual and all of my
notifications were screenshot from you
guys showing me that you'd pre-ordered
my book and then it has gone to number
one on Amazon my book was number one on
Amazon with in like half an hour of it
being available to pre-order that is
bloomin crazy thank you guys so much so
so I've got three fun things to tell you
all about my book right now so listen to
all of them and then decide which one
fits you the best
there are a limited number of signed
copies of my book there's a very very
limited number so if you want one you're
going to be super super quick right now
link down below a limited number of
science copies on Amazon and you guys
have seen that for the last couple of
months I've been signing and signing
with the pre-orders downstairs like the
amount of times I've liked time lapse me
signing those books for you you've seen
you'll get yourself signed one I'm
reading off my phone just to make sure I
get this provide there is also a live
launch event at the Hackney Empire on
the 15th of July I've got a friend
coming along and we're basically just
going to be like having a chat onstage
chatting with you guys just all just
hanging out you know that's what we're
doing I wanted as you see in the vlogs I
do with these like business he talks and
chats and stuff like that and the vibe
in the atmosphere when I'm doing them is
so so sick I just get to chat with
everyone in the audience they get to
hear stuff that I'm talking to them
working on so I was like let's just do
what with all of you guys obviously not
unlike boring business II stuff but I'm
bringing a friend along and she's going
to be just like not interviewing me but
we're gonna be able to chat she's gonna
be asking those questions that she knows
that you guys are going to want to know
and then you guys can ask some questions
from the audience and and there is going
to be the chance for a hundred of you
randomly you won't know who it is to
meet me on the day so all you have to do
is there's no like VIP you pay extra to
meet me none of that kind of stuff
this is literally invite ticket to the
live show at the Hackney Empire on the
15th of July link is down below I'm all
just going to chat and hang out I just
have a fun time and 100 of you will also
get to like come and meet me and grab
picture and have a hug and stuff like
that to me it just sounds cool I'm
literally just hanging out like this now
but you're actually going to get to walk
look we're going to be it's cool and
lastly the thing you've all been waiting
for
then I get tweeted five million times a
day booked all good take a little book
tour you know my book tour it's going to
be invited has to be Brighton that's not
Holmes and this yarn leaves you go so
like Brighton number one
Bournemouth number two I don't know if
I've ever been to one for Milton Keynes
I love milk and claims card it
I've never been to kind of never in two
hours before and Liverpool Brighton born
at Milton Keynes Cardiff and Liverpool
again they're going to go sit like it's
organ in a super super quick guide so go
down below buy yourself a signed copy of
the book if you want a ticket to the
actually live show down below there is a
link you can buy yourself to get right
now literally as you're watching this if
you're watching this please be quick
because I don't want you to like be like
I'll get that tomorrow and then it's
gone like I'm not saying it is going to
be gone but I'm saying it could be gone
because there are tons of these lies
rewards as well two new guys are crazy
like the book with number one within a
half an hour
roundup there is a limited number of
signed copies of my book available to
just pre-order I'm doing one live event
like a chilled chatty kind of vibe hang
out with all of you guys again super
limited because there's only the number
of tickets that are in the
you and it and it's actually not that
big a venue I wanted it to be really let
me show you a picture of the venue I've
like purposely chosen this menu because
it looks so sick look at that this is
where we're doing that the Hangout that
looks bloody lovely so that's cool and
then lastly of course the book tour so
if you want to come again super scream
limited these things sell out super
quick you know the deal by now I just
wanted to tell you today because now as
I'm filming I can say it's available now
whereas if I filmed it last night
it would have been excited but it would
have been available like it's available
right now I will see you guys tomorrow
in a new gym built but I will also see
tons of you guys on tour at the live
event tweet me your books when you get
them I'm excited guys
today's shout out of the day those two
things over my notification stand up
give the video a thumbs up to all the
nice stuff you guys know what to do I'll
catch you tomorrow good good good
okay
