why why we feel the city say was the
same oh my nose this is not true yes
we've got we have a big debate about
this missus thank you my life why would
I make this up I've kind of currently
got four minutes to to get to the
dentist
typical Alfie always like not late I
don't want to say late but I'm always
pushed for time shall we say and
literally cannot even describe how
lovely the way there is today good
morning guys I hope you're having a good
day it's Tuesday for me Wednesday for
you you're halfway through the week
congratulations one minute and we just
stopped at these red lights
congratulations you're halfway through
the week made it I really quote this
morning and I'm going to get it slightly
wrong I know I am because I haven't got
it in front of me to read but it was
something along the lines of if when you
were born you were told you were going
to die and no one was sure how much
longer you had left to live that is how
you should live your life live every
single day to the fullest because there
is no guarantee of tomorrow
anything could happen so make sure you
are living every single moment present
in the moment and having as much fun
with those you love every single day
every single day I mean it what that
wasn't the quote to like I just said a
literature rambled at the end of it
10:58 and I have to be there at 11
o'clock I think I think I'm going to be
okay maybe ish kinda
super super positive appointment my
dentist just checking up all my
Invisalign braces that I wear is 27
minutes past 11:00 I have got three
minutes to get down to a local hotel in
vitam for a price day so today I've got
what's called a pressed day as you know
my new book is coming out oh my gosh
guys it's available for pre-order
tomorrow for you
so not the day you're watching this but
the day after my book is available for
pre-order my book is that actually my
book is like fully available for
pre-order got to be inside that hotel in
that two minutes but let me just quickly
sit down and chat to you guys tons of
magazines newspapers article writers
journalists and stuff basically come
down to this hotel that we've booked
over a Mac with the artists residence
may know that have to come there that's
just where we're doing it because it's
one of my favorite hotels and they
basically interview me about my book
about the Nuba ask me any questions they
want just have a chat and they write it
up in an article when my book comes out
coming what I say now just to have a
picture of one of you guys how'd you do
of you guys and then it was running for
18th birthday absolutely if that was you
I hope you had fun on the bride tonight
that was what they're about to do today
is basically from 12 o'clock until I
think it's half past 3 or 4 o'clock
being a YouTube is weird because you
kind of don't really need to do press
now you don't really need to do a lot of
people do interviews because that's one
way in which they can promote the new
product on a book whatever it is new TV
show that they've got coming out but the
thing with this YouTube thing that I do
is that I suppose the best press the
best way of me getting my products might
of me telling everyone that my new book
is out isn't it on the radio isn't to go
on TV shows it's simply just to talk
about in my blog because you guys
because you guys who watch these videos
and the ones that are most likely to buy
the book or could you because you know
me so it's kind of a bit different
because often people will do as much
press as many interviews with everyone
as they possibly can to get as much word
out to get as much word out there about
whatever is that they're launching and
they're talking about
that's kind of the opposite of what I do
I normally just pick and like I have
done today I picked just a very very
select group of of journalists that
unlike of of magazines that I like so
that's what I'm doing today
this is wandering this is probably a
disease birthday we've got a massive
hotel room today it's even got like
little bunk beds in it I've been
actually do you remember when I went on
holiday not last year the year before
maybe it's last year one time I went to
making lots for my family I filmed tons
or videos pre-filmed whilst I was away
that was in this hotel room this exact
room and now we're here today doing some
interviews are just an interview with
Top of the Pops with the Sunday Times as
well and then back up another one any
second I'm going to try and film bits
from this one but I don't personally
interview me it's going to want to be on
camera for you guys it looks like 5-10
minutes has passed it is currently 23
minutes past 4:00 I'm sitting on this
little hotel room have I shown you
before I have at some point is got a bed
here and another bunk bed up there
another bed there and another bunk bed
up there as well as all like normal beds
not over here so I'm going to edit now
for a bit I'm going to put you guys here
shoot a little time lapse I'm going to
edit in a little bunk bed bed
goodbye lovely room goodbye I'm gonna go
and upload outside so the hotel Wi-Fi is
super super good at downloading things
which means like downloading files
watching YouTube videos watching Netflix
or whatever but it's not so great you're
uploading the upload speed isn't as fast
trying a hotspot my phone internet so
hopefully will be a little bit faster or
though I've only got 15 percent charge
on my laptop finally got home after the
longest day ever
what what you show me so this came on my
PA box for you I think you'll really
like it when I opened it I rolled my
eyes I went oh for God's sake that's all
this over that's good
Romanek trying to knock me out I know
what this is I know what this is 160
meters it's just the stuff this isn't
sponsored guys they just emailed me and
I was like yeah of course I want you to
turn that to make yes please thank you
very much thank you
how does the right thing giving it to
you're not throwing it away yeah it's
alert oh we have this stuff we can
actually have like snowball fight
oh great you love Christmas we have a
Christmas
okay how about Noble all right we'll
have a Christmas decoration day and
snowy fight in one therefore we're both
happy so we have to wait like seven
months then we'll decorate a normal day
like next week like Christmas and have a
snowball fight
whatever a six month the Waker I don't
think I want to celebrate Christmas for
full Christmas because that ruins the
exciting this is cute no Cheska
yeah hey Nana how you feeling today can
I ask you a few questions
question number one why do you have
fluff in your mouth can you answer me
now give me the flat
look at that fluff let me have it
oh oh oh okay can I have it no okay I
just I want it oh oh oh oh I nearly got
it Oh
bish what number two can you reenact it
no no one you do it no need to reenact
bitch what number two that's my most
viewed video on this channel do is
getting married bitch why any ribs
anyway do the face with the hand notice
I what was that Memphis fish me gorgeous
what did I just say to you off camera I
love it when you make really loud noises
in my ear no I said I've been trying to
fight off a migraine all day so please
be gentle with me and you just did that
my ear o try and put your finger in and
ask if I knew bite at literally can't
possibly end well for me
your mouth also doesn't open even wide
enough for my finger to go in how I was
not fast why I was doing that oh I got a
good idea you have to try and put your
head slide it under here gone that would
just be great wouldn't there that was
like a whole new like if I want a bit my
finger
the fawley and Zoe hey just got back
from the pub and with kind of ordered
food we did try to get food at the pub
which is at one of our favorite places
to get food that some reason the kitchen
was closed don't know why we didn't get
told way just so we can't your food
tonight so we've come back home we've
got a little burger and chips kind of
thing going on Madonna watch hairspray
but we can't find out anywhere to watch
yeah we're not going on DVD I don't know
I think it's good idea to be at the same
time it just came out Australian a good
idea I've got a good idea
you ask the questions yeah we've got a
couple of seconds to work out the answer
and then we go three two one which is
called one two one two three tag so
we've done it before
let's say at the same time the answer
okay I don't we get the same on yeah
right
how old were you when you both met met
or became friends done laughing met okay
three meters eight 111 you're 11 in year
7 surely you might have a section
yourself I would don't memory we are
your friend there to inside you help me
with a muscular coded science about what
I don't know but I don't know how I
helped you because you folks wouldn't be
helping you there was far better people
you could have asked help form another
position I got well but what no I use
definitely gonna rise how can you both
ever fallen out with each other
3 2 1
no yeah it's only degree like yes I are
who is the most annoying out the to be 3
this one no I already know and what's
the reason why I bet you 3 do was not
around to text message okay it's just
because you're very annoying
sorry general
no no annoys me about you what do people
think I'm annoying how much high texture
I think we're both on I know I'm just
not gonna reply to text
what is Holly's favorite food I'll give
you a no it was amazing okay three two
one I'm re but I just got carried away
booking up burgers tonight yes I am so
nothing today that doesn't mean today
next question okay this is like a live
update how long has asked me been dating
zoella three two one fine is or it's not
this boring hot yeah yes I do you like
did anything tougher no that's a much we
going up when we first kissed that's
when we counted from what did you just
refer to them so Allah is always
judicata here is Holly's crash no
because everyone going on is that
youtuber okay let's make celebrity who
hasn't wholly crushed on three two one
Jess Glynne no Lauren from phenomena it
was just being like yesterday yeah it's
another why should watch it now you just
savaged idea now is what is an wonders a
job you just ruined it out gone like
water he'll resign this after getting
hit without the first kiss three see I
went to utilize then put me on Jan I
know down to position
oh yeah everyone wants like going off
yeah yeah it's been about 15 minutes
since we were playing with Holly and I
we should promote you Justin Bieber on
strum life he's been commenting a lot on
his live show you replied to a couple of
our comments if you have to have couples
hustling for one reason what was it very
easy three two one Dave Logan why do I
love you I didn't even think of an
answer quick enough I can't go quickly
what is that likely customs about it's
not no I'm in your life you gave
everybody life is not a fling with
gestures like a mess you are business
how long do offense I pay you to be me
k23 yes Hockley yeah where you can go on
your honeymoon
three two one for all that it's my turn
come on Eric we'll get married at the
same time come on Marion you haven't met
them yet
you might make me feel like you might
have met that me just don't know if you
have to live as a couple in one other
place in the world web to them 3 3 2 1
New York oh I'm impressed
would you like a we can bring this
guy what is always silent so it's very
to one creature
yeah as a villager that is eating anyone
watching this video couldn't guess I'll
explain in the comments what would be
your first dance at your weapon 3 2 1
think it out loud by Ed Sheeran directly
thinking and then you said it more
wasn't over there what's it say what
does it say
oh my nose this is not true yes we've
got we have a big debate about this mrs.
reichter
oh my life why would I make this up what
why did I make it
ahh could you think that I said this
what I did and she was represented if I
at the tire of the thinking it's a
little bit cheesy okay I went to the
pastoring to project II guys by the way
this isn't true okay you can decide why
the hell would I make this up okay you
might have just misinterpreted not me I
think I've heard some of the deed
numbers no I would miss fuer in days
because she was so happy all my thoughts
tell me why did this happen that is not
embarrassing about this we have nothing
embarrassing Chloe can decide right Otto
did this happen this did happen we
kissed for the first time and then I
went into the bathroom to brush my teeth
and Alfie came in and he was like like
doing like a little dance he was like oh
I'm sorry I'm just really happy
why would I forget that that's like
imprinted in my memory I don't mess it
up again and you will not realize digit
here like you were like really happy
like dancing I was like are you I'm
sorry I'm just really happy that all
minute it's gone really I'm happy got
really happy is what you did I don't
remember that that's really do you tell
yourself that at the 23 year old Alfie
you don't remember it but you did do it
near 27th and youth was more than enough
to me know out my memory great you know
it is you can't compete in my memory one
last question
coming back to you on that charge one
last super quick question thing three to
what God is there in bed wait we're not
all doing that quick
pain pain and time
