it already hurts oh no so brush don't
tense up and it will hurt you need to
relax
oh don't go too short I'm not you just
dropped this is on my eye
Hey this is the lease for yawning me oh
oh you blame that on the client yeah
okay I'm sorry I just stabbed you in the
eyes and scissors but it still sorry I
stabbed in the over the scissors crying
but it was actually your fault for the
lighting here that looks so much better
than that
Zoey's got a meeting now everybody see
though I love it one bar down this one
not even touch he'll burn my friend get
afternoon beeps are you doing as you've
just seen Zoe plucked my eyebrows
earlier on so I've got like skin here
normally saw Harry here but I just have
my own and also my haircut this morning
I'm vlogging I'm in a ton of boring work
and stuff you know but I did also get my
hair cut and my eyebrows plucked my buzz
it's so much better and never really
oughta my camera looks incredibly dirty
Zoe said after your camera looks very
smudgy it's Monday for me I've had such
a good Monday you know it's super
productive I think one thing I think one
thing that has helped me have a really
good Monday was that I had sushi for
lunch but I cannot even tell you how
much I love sushi
I didn't even stop eat it was sushi even
really a thing in the UK a couple of
years ago I swear it's just been like
the last year sushi has become like a
proper popular thing if you saw
yesterday's blog all the one before
you'll know that we've been to a ton of
different garden centres buying tons of
different plants oh look at the size I
feel like this is called like it's not
banana leaf cheese plant that's thought
I think that was a cheese plant I don't
know Zoe knows with the details we've
got this little one here in a lovely
fancy little pot that's not where it's
going to stay look how nice that little
pot is we've got a couple still down
here that we need to
we need to give homes we've got another
big pot over here that's missing a farm
we're going to put one in there this is
one of my favorites we bought these
three little plants this weekend but
look how cool like the plant pot holder
thing is that Zoe bought and another one
here as a cool little plant another one
up there that's a cool little plant and
then if you come through here into this
room we've also got this guy here
big old boy that is probably my favorite
plant I love this I want to get one of
these from my office and then this plant
here which is mine but as you can tell
it's the one that haven't got a plant
pot because of course I'm blooming
bought myself a prompt well Heather I
don't think that far ahead I don't even
have one plant pot from my plan my other
plants are even Zoey's plant pots all
still haven't been taken out the copper
box and then there's knowing you think
so far ahead that she's got blue means
bear plant pots so I might steal that
one I put my plant in there would have
to be a good idea she's never gonna know
don't tell her the plot pot thief
yeah it looks so much better now
well that's literally as tall as me yeah
yeah it can I think of anything better
right now than eating a bloomin Nando's
you know this is the first time I was
ever in like a proper not hot mommy
oh yeah oh my god
I'm sorry I do it you're in a serious
hog consider it got cooked and 45
seconds ago nice trip I've ever had in
my life
I'm throwing in my whole entire actor
rock pop look at our West ugly
hey Baba my gang angle got better
everything up okay yes yes lucky lady's
life was the first time I was ever in a
proper mosh pit sounds a bit weird okay
I know you're doesn't say it sounds a
bit weird but trust me it kicked on I I
told you this story have a nice I was
not much on my shoes no she might you I
was lost my hearing word for a block
cause he lost it okay
since there's no term this is no magic
bass boom boom boom
how old was I the mana sword is 16 maybe
not even though I was a pilot
no it's just my first Montana I was old
enough to know better
why do you feel abroad there was loads
of people hard Oh puppies only at our
house and we know he's in there today
please yeah thank else didn't see before
anyways my mosh pit story if I haven't
told you this already there was a
massive circle form and you know what
everyone moves out the way and you're
like as soon as the beat drops
everyone's going to kick off and run in
and all my friends move back and I was
like I got this don't you worry guys
I'll take one for the team and I'm
jumping in I run in I'm running my
everyone starts fighting this is a true
story this is not like me now I run in
Zoey yeah yeah the most then yeah this
guy runs I mean if it's going to fight
me right
straight up elbow him in the face right
on purpose that's the question that 16
you're out me on purpose elbow him in
the face
why to do that he's like honestly no top
on tattooed like 28 year old yeah Papa
like build a lodge yeah just punches me
in the head and then it was just like
come on everyone just like jumping go
crazy yeah Chris up yet got punched in
the head quite me I don't think I don't
know it I don't know it's got like me
either
people just you know I probably didn't
like me fine
cuz i elbowed him in the face probably
why didn't like me and I may may are you
doing
got some Nando's fine no toy our house
is literally like a forest are you can
war no we just put everything up and
we've kind of got a lot my boy on one
you a jungle tree hello baby isn't that
one sick this is cool
where's this guy from oh no guy look at
big boy over there oh yeah we still got
some little one her name that why you
swearing like you need to name them I
didn't wanna thud no I don't know
that's arias one isn't that so enough to
name him amen
having Steven Steven scores met gnarly
you going crazy because no one say hello
to you
oh yeah Zoe I am so I did something but
I haven't shown you yet hey cool look at
this big wad - Sean sure wants this one
so much so much I bought a miniature
look at my one oh yeah you bought a tiny
version like wow do you like it let's
get his net I stole was always pop can
you do this do it and then jump and
catch it you know it's like this now not
with one hand throw and catch it again
oh okay goodnight
