good morning good morning guys
welcome to some day hope you guys are
having a lovely oh no it's Monday for
you
monday is known to be the bad day but
don't let it be
don't let today be a bad day do
something fun get up a house up to
finish work after you finish school off
you finish college whatever it is make
sure you doing something fun this is
Monday people don't tend to like
although I do actually love Monday
anyways it's Sunday to me unlucky son
leave me Monday Vicki
oh god I just got some granola we've
chopped up banana and and a little
coffee when I've got a tee shot I have
no idea what Brad this is and it also
and it also doesn't have a label in the
back and it kind of just arrived in the
via box put it on and I've got my new
trousers on these ones this is salad
can't be alright anyways I'm going to
crack on with EPS in the daily blog and
I'll see you in a minute you are so
stupid got something to you you fat that
letter is I received a parcel this
morning but I feel like you guys have
disheveled it by eating it Oh surely at
1million
he's lost 10 million followers Zoe got
this this my friend um them Donuts just
randomly arrived at the house it's a
deliver million followers it tastes
really good they like marble as well I'm
cleaning inside congratulations from 11
million Instagram followers sprinkie
well you got send this out message do we
advance um I just want to say thank you
so much to everyone all over my
Instagram oh oh there's not everyone
isn't it good it's less about cream I
did not the best one I know
serious what that's just like insane
yeah in a membrane come on shoot it off
to that one out that one's the one
that's got the most net use no it
good morning people good morning I don't
know if I've already said good morning
or not I don't yeah jump up and ask what
do you smell
what what can you smell and the food
that we're sitting on we're literally
sitting on farming when you're yeah I'm
sitting on to Alex your bag is pushing
into my penis now on this event you put
one of my balls on with other Sonya
because I said let us out with that
let's pretend mating looking over there
where a garden center told I can't swim
everywhere I go
Zoe can smell metal at the moment your
pregnancy right center a fragment is
yeah oh I'm pregnant I don't know what
it is for the reason of normal yeah
that's a weirdo like it's like outside
in order to be everywhere I go do you
know what it could be could be like
you've had a nosebleed or you've got
blood in your nose because some other
iron in your blood I maybe get a
nosebleed no I made that up
there's probably doctors watching this
that Alphaeus peeking I ran out of it
yeah and we're at garden center even
though in yesterday's vlog or no I'm
just with logging we're all right yes
they went to garden center back at
number one today
this time Sean's with us this garden
center looks like a proper little cute
garden center like this built all that
for like glass and windows and stuff
glass and windows and stuff that's the
quality of the vlogs you get here on
points plug drugs now I said I described
this garden center as we a bit of glass
and windows and stuff just great content
isn't that I should probably be an
architect you know I wish God so I've
been here riding up in my drone I didn't
know we were coming someone who sold you
have like that but you're our when we're
driving through all like the trees like
the woods leaning over house
so in this place isn't even far away
from where we live I know myself at
times an ambien I never had this change
that's my hot dog mum and dad get rid of
my little garden there
get rid of her foot sure I just want to
get down to buy a hot tub I don't think
they've even got room fit any size hot
tub oh no this is cool like there's like
a little pop garden table yeah let's
have a trap
yeah have a little chat by the table
with Charlie fitting it's a nice table
it's a great table is amazing cookware
is the game it really came together
yeah more inviting power game table yeah
do you know are you yeah I doubted that
a coup d'etat pasta
look at the size of that bloomin salad
that guy is crazy it's got fish platter
some kind of cheesy cheesy cheesy thing
we've got a meat platter to come in and
the camembert comment as well this got
sent to our app great for food great for
outdoor plants but not the best indoor
plants and that is what we're looking
for everybody
go ahead into another garden center I
think now these books is just full of
gardening goodbye Bart
see you later bye Sean see any mum
we've arrived at garden centre number
two this one's a little bit more a
little bit more rustic shall we say
there's one two three other cars here
this is very rustic II we're going to
bit over the top
all of these bottom ones are for me I've
got three and then that one look one
Zoe's I've even bought this big boy oh
stop that guys I'm vlogging ah stop that
that is gross as gross look at this hold
on even one odds on just biting off
three two one four oh I want to see you
lift it hey that looks so cool bobbing
Sean's fine there's this is my big old
boy I just thought guys we've just been
out for a little doggy walk and we went
for a little walk with buddy boy
but in film X it was some Sunday family
time you know hanging out with my family
I left what I know is empty yeah I've
already got through it I just put it in
there these are just so cute aren't they
you want to get out a baking tray and so
I'm going to cook dinner tonight I'm
going to prepare with the dinner was
always doing the dessert we've taken one
age do I get decide what we're having or
do you want an input on what we're
having
you can decide if one are you sure I
don't know what have these looks so Q
this is like DIY zoella chocolate
bananas just a lot harder to maneuver
than I thought but once you once all
frozen then over here I've got got some
broccoli cooking up about two add-ins
and peas mashed potato red cabbage I
want to get making these from scratch so
once I get more into my cooking
red cabbage Umbra and mash I can make
great you should do it that tastes great
ice cream in ya flat take take some more
time and then in here we got some
burgers cooking up
we should did some often see you soon
car isn't bananas all right dinner
served guys look at it it looks like a
kid's meal I could grown-up kids meal
that make sense
goodbye little potato things a couple of
burgers but we don't have any Germany HP
sauce or much ketchup between us so
enough to share wisely with that one but
watch brains got talent as well told you
not we do need to do you need to sign
your posters and I need to sign on my
book plates are they ready oh my gosh
they look so good
they're so cute that's nice sucking
those dicks you guys have your boobs are
so different than the things I would say
in life what would you do that is
because we're trying to get a thumbnail
for the video you always cut out and it
makes also because it's just rude rude
like a bit okay I'll leave it in I don't
always say things like that it's like
yeah thing do you cut out that I always
because it did look very phallic we were
going like this into each other's mouths
that time I ate the end of the joy joy
it days with joy
that's up no Lemurian you in that giant
gummy worm
and you have my let's have a rating out
of 10 you have to write the dinner and
then you have to write the dessert - who
did better hey shut up hey our Jen's if
you enter a restaurant that might be 1/8
compared to render no it
let's not like I think my dinner was a
fall no yeah
if 8 per singing I think mine's okay 5
I'm not being go as high as 6 by going
that good okay what about these I'm
given these really sickly like I asked
you would you need a restaurant
oh my men but now you know is them the
stock rooms where you have that dessert
with all the different things
imagine these like all stuck like that
like in a little line yeah I'm going to
go ate you know why maybe 8.5 just get
extra very sorry yeah
that's not one little bit bad there the
toothpick stick into the middle the
reason why they get the extra point five
is because they're pretty healthy it's
mostly banana there's not actually that
much shocked on it's just people doing
material right outside yeah
here's the briefing we're watching
watching dangling oh my god how do you
do that Wow
we've got two they're identical back and
how the human body can do that Daniel
Destiny's pregnancy blogs I've just gone
up go check that out already know our
phones down real Metheny
oh look at this little face today has
been such a fun day with the family
chilling out and we also managed to get
a new Sims video up and the daily
vulgare container book was double daily
vlog if you saw yesterday's like half an
hour long daily vlog today I've uploaded
over an hour of videos not loaded 29
minute daily blog in like thirty one
minute gaming video I'll Road in our
videos today if you've enjoyed the video
you always know what to do give it a big
ol thumbs up let's see I'm going to
challenge you I used to challenge you
all the time back in the day but I
haven't done it in ages so you are
challenged today is thirty thousand
thumbs up go down below give it a thumbs
up and also today's shout out I've got
it here on the screen from the vlog goes
to panda lei 17 and they have commented
saying if have to keep some guessing
names for shout outs I don't think I'm
ever going to get a shout out well you
got one I proved you're wrong the
examine notifications on again you guys
know to do you know how to turn on I
don't have to keep on going on every
single day let me clear up all our
dinner and close the window and I also
need to water our new plants apparently
this is one of the ones we bought
yesterday look at blooming good that
looks
I'll see you in the morning good night
okay
