good morning everybody welcome to
pointlessblog vlogs today I'm feeling
very tropical stretching my ears with
these really super heavy earrings and
Alpha's just asked me to go get his
vlogging camera which I assume he's not
started his blog yet so I thought I
would start it for him
let me take him his camera I've started
your blog for you okay yes my Rosario
that's why I said I said how he probably
hasn't started yet so I started for him
either so I'm currently in a meeting
sorting out the final final versions of
the new points book 3 like after today
there's nothing of some trends in the
book like it's done it's unfinished and
there's one page that I wanted to show
Zoe and I'm probably going to get so
much troubles and blink my publishers if
you're watching I think it's either it
is but I don't it's a to about me asking
them if I can do it but I'm just going
to do it okay so there is a page on a
thing called dingbats and I'm not going
to show you guys the page because that
will literally be leaking it I don't I'm
definitely not allowed to do that but I
want to see it fortunately just show you
them it no just explain it to me I love
always thinking about like I'm like why
I'm just gonna I'm just going to show
you okay so this is the place how could
it get so much trouble this is the page
Bing batch page here and I did it for
the video for the app so you have to
work out what the answers to the this is
what my book currently looks like guys
loads of pages like this what do you
mean you have to work out the answers to
the the dingbats are basically words or
sayings than a mixed up that you have to
work out so these are these are them
that is a word or a saying yeah what
does it say crack if you read it up what
did it say grab but how many of them are
there grab grab grab for grabs is
multiple
AB for up for grabs oh my god that's so
hard you get it understand quicksand
nope where's what you get more greens
and multigrain teeth as an N are
different yes or why are they different
what does it say hand head husband oh my
god yeah yeah area are you serious head
head head Oh head in the fat I'm telling
you guys the arson I'm going to start
muting things that I say that leak the
bait that is it was the same but look at
it really carefully now if you think
we've done with the other ones think
about this one so this is our point this
is so much fun the point is look three
years guys thanks should I say that
gives you a big hint okay
no egg yeah some way they're on Nana
sorry Bella alright what's the last one
this is a little bit hard while I tried
it all the way now I'm going to make it
then no but I'm going to mute a load of
this so the people don't know what I'm
saying I literally could it look more
like a bloomin egg today own it why
aren't they good are they good though
yeah they're really good I've never
thankful for all right so that's a sneak
peek into the new book I'm sorry again
blink my publishers for leaking that and
so I'm gonna carry on with the meeting
after today the book is like completely
finished I mean it's not printed and
stuff for sale but like I've done
everything that I can do kind of thing
and we'll the app videos are done like
Finola
why give us evil not are you done with
the book this is that kind of weather
where I can't have my eyes like I feel
like it's really bright but it's not
right we popped out and a good few hours
working at home it's like three o'clock
at the moment and we've popped up to M&S
to do some yellow skips Rolly popped out
to MNS although these are Tesco trolleys
I just got an M&S fair enough popped out
to M&S to get get our weekly food shop
you know these are the pushes apples
I've ever seen in my life three pounds
for four apples what three pounds
there's three pound on the rest for six
that's still took my bloomin Apple we're
not that one apples at Tempe these are
like Zoe sighs bananas please can we get
these these are literally like your size
bananas look at them I've never seen
let's get them they're so cool yeah yeah
this is what I'm talking about
organic and free-range what have you got
zeros don't get me wrong I do like
coconut water but is it about I'm buying
this just because I like the brand egg I
just like the packet I want to see if
there's any new jeans that I charge in
and again that I haven't got that's so
cool
these are a little bit nice as well look
at that Zoe elderflower Jin this is the
Jin section this is one of my favorite
jeans I've ever bought British what I
got at the airport so I got a discount
with it for living it expensive I got it
cheap but nice so nice though you get
this nice little copper one this is what
happens when Zoey gets in a car they
literally can't even reach the pedals
u.s. fine oh it's because your heart
go on Harry three go on Harry Styles of
your new album go on boy I'm just going
to shoulder food shopping you have your
side on the Conn 21 degrees oh I didn't
mean to because yesterday would call I
have mine on 18.5 in case you're under
my optimum temperature okay 25 you're
going up right I've just just got off
the phone had a call saying that the TTS
website is like so nearly done and it is
two minutes past 4:00 so we've got 58
minutes for it to be like finalized and
then it's launching brand-new version
like still with the same products still
some creators and stuff we are some of
us have still got new products coming up
soon as you may have seen some hints
online but maybe new creators signing up
to TCS as well when I say to yes by the
way I mean yep you're good I mean the
Quetta store sometimes say TCS sometimes
our sacred store exciting things
exciting things I hope you guys enjoy
the new website all the new images on
the photos the new design and everything
let me know what you think of it in the
comments and the weather has just got
incredible yeah man it was gray come on
it's funny and it's four o'clock as well
I think it's so nice like that
Sun is like look it's running on my face
no he's driving home and she says she's
going to take us a different route and
to put a time on my phone see if it's
quicker than the route that I drove us
here and where we go in we're going to
Shoreham
we're on there like Jo carried away the
motorway or whatever and we're going the
wrong way were meant to be on that side
and we're going on this side also yes I
am Ian like just a brick of cheese
we need to get on that side of the road
somehow just got changed into comfy
clothes and we just sat down to watch
more Prison Break we are absolutely
obsessed I can literally stay up until
2:00 o'clock every single night just
watching it because I just can't stop
like it's one of those things like do
wanna start the next episode of course I
do course I want to start the next
episode so we're just going to comb up
just every part of every episode it is
like so intense but we're them we're
watching it or seen our dinner so
wonderful and then we've got fun plans
for dessert which we never really make
an effort to do dessert we got from
without ever going to time to eat it
tonight probably prepare dessert
tomorrow I don't know yeah we're going
to Gail's again guys I'm just addicted
to this place go for
look and taste the biggest listening so
yeah I just want everything just here
thank you look how much stuff we got
we've got they're going to think there's
like more people joining us so I
couldn't not get something unhealthy so
I've got a tiny brownie the smallest
thing to top into three oh yeah
just got some little bit extra to take
home for Zoey yes and goodies thank you
so much
Sean quick whistle good morning guys
good morning how you doing that you seem
we've already just been to galas bakery
for breakfast this morning I also work
for a meeting with dad this morning
not just me and down to other people as
well today's been a good day hey of
course you can look at Sean's jacket so
called from New York I really like it
man Sean's liking this poncho I've got
myself I'm into pretty out there you
should go into the changing room and
chained off and show them my showcase
there
this reporter you can rip them up
I don't know how this is going to look I
need to get someone long-sought to wear
underneath them with some vans and then
get another skateboard this is the town
is pretty damn busy time you know to
film too much but I just listened damage
to my bank account in Urban Outfitters
we weren't meant to be going in there
and I was like let's pop in it looks
like they've got some new stuff and
ended up buying like four different
things if I didn't realize they were
knee-high I bought socks that I thought
were just like tall socks they were
knee-high I didn't realize until I'd
already paid for them
so it wasn't blue meanie I mean they're
a present for Zoey
she'll just never know that like so
she'll just never know that they were
meant to be for me and then I realized
they were knee-high they could just be
like for a cool Instagram for Zoey or
something wearing over at the mall you
would've put one something that's not
easy yeah so you know we're like goes
we're like a long t-shirt with like
knee-high socks that that's what the
look will be for Zoey she'll just never
know don't ever tell us that they were
meant for me Andy what he bought the
trousers we can pop open the leg oh yeah
do that and Ron said you know hot I
would be I do it all the way up and then
just pop from the knees off anyways
we're still walking around town we're
going to talk to a couple more shops and
then I got to have my back home we go
and film a new Sims episode for you guys
I've just got some in our house look at
Zoe I'm on the phone to have a la wave
outside wave outside the only little to
find smack it's like a challenge out the
other gloss much fun going down in
surprise and I know what it is what's
now yeah
from the fridge yeah what
oh you're covered okay healthy yeah
vegetarian okay a surprise healthy snack
for my fridge I've got a good one part
close your eyes keep them closed
P hands out keep them closed but you
hands out nope both in the mouth I can't
do that
yeah it's mine yeah a chi vowel I want
to show you guys what I bought in town
let me know what you think pop as well
you can't really see my face becomes too
low put some jeans that I'm cut short
for these sexy ones with poppers down
the side I brought fair socks - well my
my jeans that cut short what these socks
not style is out there
Chalmers with me of what these socks not
realizing that they're knee-high so I
think these are gonna be for Louie and
then lastly I bought this stuff I feel
it though my face has been annoying me
today must doubles too long I need to go
and trim it quickly
my stubble is still done actually is
though that's awkward
you finally realize that you've actually
got facial hair I didn't start yesterday
today did you actually what did you do
to work terrible noon is a little finish
criminal all must double and everything
like that and we've just come out to the
garden center to get some more flowers
some more plants and just have a look
around it's such a blooming lovely day
got my new top on sorry Phil this
wait yeah this is like the softest
Novotny
he reported today yeah I like this let
me see your little top school is now I'm
currently looking at new garden
furniture for the garden then how we've
ended up doing this but we're looking at
this lovely solar cell I never realized
how expensive garden furniture is but
this kind of thing is more expensive
than the suit so that's actually in our
front room
but I guess it's because it has to be
like water ceilings that you can access
you can leave outside at all times of
the year every day which is pretty handy
so you have to put it back inside every
day aha you know what are you guys doing
look at the size of the balloon that is
not a trolley that's a car yeah look at
these ones
wait it's probably going to get a
massive plan
this one's really cool what are we
getting that you need a big one
think about that in the background of
the instagrams sold um I kind of like
this one this is all like clattered
together and then it's got a little bush
on the top which one
that's nice walking it's nice decibels I
did not occur
we sure know that no one that I've never
seen one night
yeah which someone needs to buy that
normal I'm putting all my money on
bloody pop you know it's not like you
mean I don't need to get it yeah Zoe can
we play a game you have to play mean
puppy close your eyes for one minute you
have to hide in a plant pot somewhere we
have to find point yeah you have to get
in one and then we have to yeah no no
you have to do it there's so many big
ones you have to go hide we have one
minute go let's go we're not allowed to
look me and poppy will stand over here
come on they smell ah you know that
Zoe's new products called zou smeller my
thought I get 20% that's my your idea
and then their fart smells these are a
lobotomy - fart pyramid ah no stop no
shame
you don't live here turn around I just
want a viewer to walk past and be like
sorry is that you in the front pot can I
get a picture
wait pop look at that
oh I said I just watch so to apartment
earlier is that you can I get a picture
why are you in a plant pot which ones
are we going for are you balancing them
it's like that big yeah do you really
need that big this is for the big one oh
the big one we bought the other day from
that shop raise your eyes give me your
hand it's just random wrong your nails
you know I read yeah it's not me lay
that on top and you touch it it's like
wife the nails on a black like down a
chalkboard
they all look at that oh oh oh come on
boys yeah
are you sure that size pot oh you
probably should have pretty light inside
oh we need that little bass as well
oh you want to stop being a child okay
ah you right pop he's got a fear of
garden fences oh my god what was that
no boy in racing in a cause I thought it
was a gun go on destroy we've come into
the fish section look at this tank this
is my favorite this is my favorite order
the coral this is saltwater
is that seahorse in there as well let's
see the little back seahorses they're on
there
look at the seahorse of the bath
look at all these little coal for sale
do you think Zoey and I should get a
fish tank I don't know this is nothing
I think all my looking at one that's
beautiful look at it let me think
now on a fish tank
more than anything not a tropical fish
tank I want to saltwater fish tank more
than anything now I'm going to be
thinking about that for days I was going
to say Feliz with hitches but maybe
don't really because that's kind of
everyone even more super successful trip
for a ton of plant I just saw definition
Oh careful don't break it
you're gonna have to bend them nicely my
baby oh my god Alfie I'm scared it's
going to go Christmas Francie
push the seat forward trust now push
therefore no letter we need to talk
about I think mine's longer as well
laughs now that was sitting on the floor
in the front like that me of those
dinner yeah try that every last
little bit probably as well bitumen yer
never hurt no one
the only thing you can do is little for
everyone Bobby good job
I don't know yeah that'll go in yeah
done right these are gonna pour
everywhere right everything Clemence ACK
where are ya we've come to the second
garden center of the day today is pretty
pretty much full of gardening and plants
and stuff how cbits is that real yeah
there's massive this little comedian he
is so is so cool I love him Amy
oh my god I want you to go wait please
papi can Bobby come here
can you get a thumbnail for me we need
to work on this thumbnail for this
oh okay look at me
I've got that shadow cluster three guys
coming to my house
so I come in here this one's massive no
I'm gonna go not astray business though
if I was a kid
do not pom this would be yes hi this is
pretty big
you can let play you're like game boy in
here and like fill it with blankets and
stuff I'm literally sitting in a dog
kennel in the bloody garden centre and
I'm 23
mom I deal with my life well might why
my filming this for like hundreds of
thousands of people to see sitting ah I
will never go up for me doing naughty
thing did you just lose your heart
you're going to get kicked out the
garden center and I'm going to say I
told you so
this mother super excited about them
look I don't like sighs you want me to
take a picture with them yeah hey why do
we why don't you do a screenshot yeah
yeah later
yeah here's guys she was like you know
I've had enough of you my children are
watching you all the time I know
everything that's going on I know all of
your products know your socks know your
candles we've got everything I just know
everything about you but she was super
super excited
we're having a trampoline picnic guys at
the moment there's just three of us but
to us we want to invite my cousin over
Shawn's busy clicker there
Oh the only thing little is the number
of us the food is definitely not little
for three people we got drinks down
there
oh sorry for people we got you here as
well good would we get it given our
chance yes I so it's just um Papa's hand
it was space bottoms but they've got
like flats at the back goodbye farewell
goodbye don't forget your plan oh you've
already got it in the car Snoopy somehow
and I honestly have no idea how whilst
Zoey was in the bath that bed is still
made from when Joe stayed over the other
day and the Attic and it's normally a
sofa somehow ended up falling asleep on
that wall so he was like hiding all my
makeup and having a bath and watching
episodes of Denny Way Is Essex and stuff
and when I woke up eventually I was like
you are that felt really long but it
didn't feel in that power long was I
asleep for
and so yeah I did try and wake you up a
few times you've been asleep over two
hours it's hot lost 11 of WorkCover come
on for now go from a two hour nap
so now I'm like king pretty damn wide
awake and it's half-past eleven in the
evening and I'm wide awake Zoey's asleep
novice asleep and the both had bed now
they're not physical asleep on the sofa
as well but now Phil are hungry again
like we at six o'clock it's now so many
hours after we air that I'm now hungry
again so I think I'm going to make some
food and then I'm going to get into bed
and watch Prison Break but I'm going to
leave this blog here because there's not
really much more to blog and I know
there wasn't about yesterday but I hope
you've enjoyed their like double kind of
vlog you got today we never made this I
ended the vlog yesterday the first half
of this vlog said that we were going to
make this especially dessert basically
what we're going to do is you know
you've got these tiny bananas when we
went shopping we're going to take them
all out of the banana peel I
then we're going to know different
colored chocolates dip it in the
chocolate and then put in the freezer so
we have like melted chocolate banana
yeah they sell that kind of thing at
Disney anyways I'm going to leave this
vlog here guys I'm too wide awake I feel
like I might as well just text a friend
and see if somebody wants to go out I
hope you've had a lovely weekend as well
there's a new Sims episode as you're
watching this if you like the southeast
in series that Zoe and I do online
episode 32 now or something so if you if
you're new to that you've got a ton to
watch your 32 episodes of memes are in
brain stems if you already watch it and
there is new episode going up the day
and I'm pretty sure the same time as
you're watching this I'll leave a link
down below when it's up that's about it
go check out if you haven't already seen
the new the new create store website
where i sell my merch or leave a link
down below go check it out it's opens
now stuff with new images and stuff and
there are new products come in soon I'm
going to stop rambling on and on and on
and then they've all got to shout outs
of today I haven't got my phone on with
my phone is dead upstairs with no
battery so shout-out number one goes to
this person and shadow number two for
yesterday's vlog goes to this person
thank you so much for the love and
support and Rob's recently the support
has been overwhelming
my last two vlogs that I've uploaded to
YouTube have trended I don't know how or
why what that means but you guys are
doing something call it boredom into
giving it loads of thumbs up and you're
commenting loads and stuff like that so
thank you so much posse in the morning I
love you guys and just use my goodnight
