yeah the weather looks so nice today
good morning you tired yeah Oh
every morning Nala has her breakfast
through Zoe downstairs and that you run
straight back upstairs and instantly
jump back into bed with me don't you
and then she sleeps with me until I'm
ready to get up to the day so for me to
get my butt up and get dressed
good morning I hope you having a lovely
day let's see what I should wear oh no
it's getting back a little bit messy
what shall i wear today
oh I don't like any of these you know
when you just look at your wardrobe and
you just don't like any of it
laughs I'll feel at the moment I should
look at everything and I'm like nope no
no no no I need to do a big clothes
clear up and charity everything I don't
wear unbalancing my camera in the most
ridiculous spot ever
so today I'm off to London to do a talk
at the drum so one hand I'm Latin I
should wear something quite nice and on
the other hand I'm like no if they ask
if they've asked me to do a talk and I
should just be myself thank you that's
nice because I'm still cleaning my ear
every morning every evening kind of I
mean I haven't done a lot of the times
can you talk about how we were just
having a conversation and how he ignored
me in terms of his camera to vlog I
didn't think my camera was recording no
it was this is the life of a daily
vlogger I'm seeing got question Brophy
ye ignored me on the camera what was my
camera was already recording by chose to
be camera before you have my Alfie deyes
is why people stop daily vlogging look
it I know you not missing off now sturdy
it is look just dog hair on that now I'm
going to get affected ear give me how do
you feel about Alfie deyes logging you
do like that I like it
fine when he doesn't put it over me you
can call this the real side of luggage
yeah I have a tall building this is what
I'm doing today guys we're going to be
talking in there in the second so if
that is within YouTube videos back in
2009 but then if you was really creating
much content just for YouTube is motor
sizing if our video gets another copy in
a car video the size what can a common
people that were making and uploading
regular content jump to beauty looks
that's well in what it is these I
thought I'd give it a go myself so I've
got a little time to colony to hammer on
a stack of books in my bedroom make sure
everyone is out the house it's been
about it
thank you
so just finished up my talk and we're
now heading into percy and founders for
lunch I've never been here before but it
looks bloomin amazing just in the middle
you just order some cakes whilst editing
the vlogs and they've accidentally put
them in upside-down is the other one
like all of the clips in the boxes they
belong side down we bought six cupcakes
are so expensive there are two pounds
fifty each is that one good oh that's
always what is it that glad that was
good look at my cupcake I mean it still
tastes the same it just doesn't look as
um doesn't look as pleasing look at that
just uploading the daily vlog and Sims
busy all day guys good talk good meeting
about the crater store as you are watch
as they watch miss as you're watching is
the new creative website has gone live
but we've revamped done at the whole
websites been taking weekly like months
and months today today's meetings are
kind of wrapped that up so should be on
live 5 p.m. tomorrow which is the day
you are watching this just jump return
home now
me and Dad Israel after work that
they're on the train and dad speeding
bus while she's at home from the fur bow
where is he there it is
hahahaha Oh God buzzy ray I'm a double
one and have another one listen you know
there's a cupcake for you I want you to
be really happy when you see it okay
look however this so disappointing isn't
that okay Ravi this is it
yeah just one over there Esther normal
just got off the train I officially have
eight minutes to get to a theater in
Brighton Yozora playing the drums
I've eight minutes to get to a theater
in Brighton for a play to begin like the
actual place sort the play begins in
eight minutes I'm good to get there my
mum is already there
I've just been told that my tickets are
waiting for me with a woman called
Pauline at the entrance yeah hey yeah
I'm a down time guys just call myself at
GMT I made it guys so we're still
filling up easily or probably any kind
of scruples the building thank you very
much and please enjoy
that was insane that was like actually
incredible as you heard I wasn't allowed
to film anything going on but obviously
understand because it's a show and they
don't want to make anything that's
happening but it's basically basically
what I saw tonight was an Australian and
what is a circus act or not what was off
manage turned it on I want to say a
circus act but that kind of doesn't
really it was more like strength and
gymnastics and balance just like
unbelievable human balancing and I don't
even know just turn all the lights off
and burn up to bed
cut your present open your hands yeah
will away from London let me check to
see if it's the right one
yep that's legit how it turned up that's
not your one don't worry this is your
one they know this is your one yeah
we've got four between us this is our
that's still not your one one minute oh
no this one's on its side if you've
gotten bad
oh that's Kara Kate that's still not
your one this what this one is actually
your one that's carrot gate that's my
one I mean you can have it if you want
it but this one is this is this is the
last one so I hope this is yours and
so I gave it away to someone else in the
office here we go
no it's upside down this is the one name
yeah oh thank you caramel yeah but it's
squished upside down hey Mikey
see in that show tonight has made me
want to start adult gymnastics lessons
so like it was like the just the most in
was it like surf saying I haven't seen
that good I've never seen that I know I
need to go more than anything I wanted
to but I've never had the opportunity to
see it just sells out too fast but this
was like oh it may be either said no -
yeah bye
this was like the craziest just like
like people like holding each other and
skipping with their whole bodies and
three people doing a handstand on top of
each other and people like with a ring
that this woman was the ring like
floating in the air just doing the most
insane things on that how is even
possible like they're so strong did you
go with your mum or your mum and dad not
just mom but then dad came out for
dinner afterwards which I forgot to film
you just outed me now smells like Zoe's
hair I did a a hair mask nice so might
this mo get oh it smells like oh my god
what is that it's the product I use I
know what you mean it reminds me of
something
yeah sorry Christmas now I think about
the Pina Colada I kind of thing I don't
know what it is but there is something
are you eating it or so it's like you
know when like mm not memory but like
something wrong - yeah brain I don't
know but yeah I want to start a dog
gymnastics lessons but unfortunately and
I only heard the other day and it was
too late it made me so sad the place
that I used to do to me
sticks when I was young if you didn't
know I did competitive gymnastics for
like whitener Hogan Sussex and stuff for
like five or six years the place that I
did it closed down due to lack of
funding about two weeks ago
and I'm so gutted because that place was
like made me so much of Who I am today
gave me so much confidence and stuff so
man I would have for sure tried to help
them out financially if if I knew that I
could have in any way helped them out
unfortunately it's closed and I think
they're turning into flats so it's like
a beautiful old church kind of building
I don't know how sad that makes me is
anyone who works there is watching this
or you knows what is right there please
tell them to get in touch with me
because I'd love to just chat to them
about that yeah that place was as my
childhood
I'm not your my childhood right my teen
years between eleven and fifteen sixteen
kind of thing I used to go to this so
much less four times a week kind of
stuff do you think you can save it now I
think it's been closer to or three weeks
so could you not save it and then they
can reopen it I mean I don't want to own
as you must explain mind if not let's
not this hair day I don't I just open my
own gymnastics you can fit you could
have a gymnastics school I literally
know qualifications to teach you you
don't have to teach you like something I
just have to own it easier time I mean I
think I've got quite a lot of money but
will you want to help no I do want to
help out making that mean I start still
possible or not I don't even know what
it would cost you anything but now
Stephanie's on then I'd love to love to
get involved with helping out such a
community thing you know there was over
400 people people different people to go
every month every month 400 different
individuals go and they have so much fun
there it's such like a it's just one of
those things that just bring so much
love friendship great place to make
friends so much happiness given parents
a break from having their kids for a
now or two it's just such a great part
of the community
anyways really how we've got to this but
what I was saying is I would have loved
to do a dog gymnastics lessons again
after watching that show tonight I'm
like y'all want to be doing that stuff
because I used to be able to do quite a
lot of that stuff but now I don't think
I can because it's closed down I don't
know the answers melody not the answer
is eight let me roll you over do you
know what the answer is I'm speaking to
you do you I'm gonna need the vlog here
guys
I know today's vlog has been a little
bit slower than usual I want to say but
just because I've had a super busy day
as you've seen I tried to bring you
along Bob and then just stick into the
usual art and loads of meetings I didn't
film it sorry about that I tried to kind
of bring you along to my talk this
morning you snapchat in me I tried to
bring you guys along with me and let you
experience my talk today my journey to
the talk going out for lunch afterwards
my meetings although it didn't involve
you in the actual meeting designing
we're designing the crates to website
Zoey oh they like the finish we're not
designing it because it's all been
designed professionally by professional
designers that we hired to do that job
but just like doing the finishing
touches so as I said guys 5:00 p.m. the
day you're watching this start the time
you're watching this the website is
launched in all brand-new all refreshed
and then go check it out now please go
do it tweet me what you think tweet
everyone what you think in fact I've got
a good idea
tweet me which youtubers or social
people whatever you think you would like
to bring out much with the greatest or
tweet me in the grid storm whichever
youtuber it is you think should bring
out match with a great storm somebody
who already isn't doing much that's
about it I forgot yesterday to attach a
picture of the person who got the shout
out of the day so pretty sure it was
Bella I'm pretty sure I'm going to check
not as like Megan's much knowledge
stretchin and I'm going to shout out as
well a boy today or you doing up the
layers filming me I didn't I just have
been around like that thank you so much
with a lot in the vlogs recently give
this video a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
eyes go down below smash thumbs up
button subscribe if you already and I
will I'll see you in the morning how is
it nearly the weekend already Zoe like
this week is literally gone like that
see
