good morning everybody good morning how
you doing just join me at lunchtime in
town and I'm off today to go get another
sports massage as you know I went to get
massage a couple of weeks ago my back on
my shoulders and my neck and the woman
advised me I don't know ever is because
it means that I booked in there more so
therefore they had more money or whether
I actually need it but I do think I need
it anyway but if I switch you'll get a
massage like every two to three weeks
that's what I'm going to do
my massage begins one minute ago on one
minute late like two minutes has passed
that was so relaxing
this guy's still jamming out as well you
guys in the vlog that was like 10
seconds apart of me down to five minutes
hello we're about the a papi Sean and
Zoey are all in town taking some blog
pictures and just hanging out and
they're literally in the shop right
where I am
oh my gosh don't touch that love it
are they not the ones that stick holding
and these are Sean's favorite ones go
and touch it if this is the ones that
you don't use cacti odds on this no odds
on looking at going no I'm so never say
one to a number and if we say the same
number you have to do it yeah three two
one four Oh we'll just do it anyway God
okay he's gonna lick it oh no I don't
want to do that three two one one oh god
I wanted to see what - ha ha ha I don't
like that one imagine sitting on it it's
rusty with it by the tail look it does
the same look all these big hangy ones
they're so cool look a happy Zoe is like
a fish yes he's just message yay
mom no it was that his message you let
me see a final your biggest Idol is very
uploaded a Instagram of us singing to
Ellie Goulding in the car and any gold
is just message Zoe I just love her
voice yeah maybe she knows you love her
anyway so it's not cringe but we were
just moment singing along to Ellie
Goulding in the car and then Ellie
Goulding's just message Zoe we're in a
random a furniture shop that's really
cool as man we just came into a little
veggie place called idea I got a sweet
potato lasagna Zoe's gone arancini
enchiladas rocker grata rotting yeah
that's your one look at this Lee lemon
drink finally got myself a latte guys is
320 and I'm eating my first meal of the
day and my first coffee we made to have
coffee cause I run
yo it is a good few hours later it's
currently 8 p.m. in the evening I had a
ton of meetings and calls and emails and
stuff had to do ton of boring stuff for
the vlogs productive real life for just
boring for the vlog forgot all about the
way the vlog is up though and I even
filmed a new Sims episodes which we just
tried to upload with advertising where
we are yeah but we just tried to upload
the Sims episode but because it's such a
long episode it said an hour and a half
until this up and it's already 8 p.m. so
basically we're not loaded tomorrow's
the day you're watching this there is a
brand new 37 minute Sims episode guys
who you sit down to retell everyone
where we are
I mean Zoe's kind of oily giving it away
you know not everyone will watch for
that long we sell in Europe we have
Dolan your own flat so I've attended the
blog the other day will be ensuring and
moving flat my own flap that I used to
live in NMC this is the first time
knowledge never been here so where we
are now is actually really focused where
we are now is actually the flat that I
used to live in before Zoe Knight
remember those into the flat by the
beach and I lived in my own flat that
was this flat I wasn't renting this flat
out I actually bought it myself and then
when I moved out to move in with Zoe
I've been renting this flat out for the
last couple of years and I'm back rented
out again and then will be insurance
then are actually we would love to move
from a one bed to a bigger place to be
able to have an office because
at the moment when they're living
currently that were like one massive
room whether like living working through
everything in this one room basically
that the German here is what in sauna
bigger they're on top of each other so I
just said why don't you move into my old
flat like it's about to be rented out so
I'm just rented to you guys yeah so
Fabien Sean have paid to this place to
all be like painted all fresh is let me
show you and goes round in case you
suppose the question is not about Bella
I think I should I don't have them
you've been watching these vlogs or but
this here is my old flat let me walk you
down to the end room this is probably
the most recognizable room so I used to
have probably Shawn have planned out
where all their furnitures going and
stuff boy you said my dining room table
here with my kitchen let's remember my
kitchen guys I had all of this place
done up exactly I wanted that my sofa
was here I had a big TV on the wall over
here the amount of evenings that I just
hung out on this sofa with Zoe with
chain with Louie with Dave with so many
friends of mine like playing Minecraft
until 5 a.m. or this is ready to live by
myself before Zoe and I moved in
together and then this room here was my
spare room where guests used to stay in
there I mean obviously it's very empty
at the moment guys this in here was my
bedroom this massive room but look
they've let stand out all where their
bed to go in there side tables I've
measured out one of their furniture and
then the bathroom wow this is the
bathroom look at it the bath even has
bloom in pillows built into the bar you
get the pillows but this room where we
are at the moment this is what we're
hanging out this is Sean's office room
there's no baby bone in here this is
where I'm making video that's my
thumbnail copy install for being trying
to move in it flat plot baby's natural
marry of love a million views right
there now I'm a
my job now in 10 years and here in
Woodleigh
see what you're not eternal now so this
is Sean's office room guys this used to
be my office and loads of stuff has
arrived
close the stuff has arrived so we're
going to start building it now because
it's good it's the kind of furniture
where you can't have 1,000 building
books you need something to hold it
while somebody else screws while
somebody else hammers or something you
know the kind of thing means that's what
we're doing today you guys moving in
went and decide s at once all your phone
that you just start in like two weeks
they're moving in once with a furniture
start surviving in anything anything
like that because obviously the place
right now is a one bed and this place is
a three bed so they're having to buy
tons of new furniture and get things
over time you guys going to help out
yeah that were you into what food
delivery for me did you order me any
deliveries away anyway we thought this
was going to be far easier than what it
is we're still on stage one and it's
absolute mich o get some now I'm going
to get hung out
me whoa now sherry help me oh holy crap
look what Nile is gosh she won't bring
over here because she thinks we're going
to take it off of her
what have you got oh I ready come on
dawn oh hi an hour later and we've given
up too complicated like that thing
there's no like legs it so to explain
what it does it basically goes between
the floor and pushes into the ceiling
so like traps itself between the ceiling
and the floor and then you have to
blimmin then you have to drill it into
the ceiling to keep it in there we don't
even have a drill on us and you have to
make sure that it's level we don't have
a level with us and you have to rituals
the right distance between the other
legs which we don't have to visualize so
someone's going to get us dad to have
them do another day on a positive note
Shawn built these earlier for pop his
office so this you've gotten one bit of
furniture goodbye will actually sort you
out soon rather than just come and then
not do anything and then walk away
we're back in their current flat who
you're fired
who was that so smella you just got home
and I've realized that I am yet to watch
I don't know how I'm yet to watch the
sign for our music video come on let's
take your harness off you you so sleepy
let's wrap you up there we go I'm going
to go upstairs and get my back into the
bed
levy goes down here so if you've enjoyed
the community given I'm not leaving you
down here you'll come up bed if you've
enjoyed the vlog you're not to do give
it a thumbs up subscribe as well if you
haven't already super simple
good ampler give the video thumbs up
subscribe and today's shout out of the
day goes to bella thank you so much for
the love and the support and giving
every single video thumbs up there I do
see a ton of you guys I even tweeted
about it today who thumbs up the video
every single day before it even plays
like literally as soon as you figure
that you haven't even watched it yeah
you're already given it a thumbs up that
means so much to me guys thank you I'll
see you in the morning remember there
was new Sims episode go check it out now
go shout out some love see the morning
just hit myself in the face
goodnight
okay
