I look what Zoey just received in her
beer box snapchat glasses yeah how does
it work I think you press this look oh
wow look at the cable to charge them
that's so cool
I think you press this little button
yeah and then it just starts recording
and then as soon as it stops done
straight onto your account from your
eyes what you're seeing
should I get repose he's at work yeah I
feel cooler being able to do this I
don't even need glasses these are
literally bought these just because I
want the look of them because I want the
look that I wear glasses but I don't
even know time to pick my shoes today I
think these ones I'm purely filming it's
lunch just because I still feel so
guilty after eating the dirtiest
greasiest sweatiest pizza in the world
last night so I thought I'd show you my
lunch today just to make myself feel
good and I've also got like a little
banana and chia seeds and good stuff
time to light the new candle everyone's
going to think I'm bloomin sponsored by
this company it just smells so good if
you never let a candle before
I'm very excited about this Wingardium
Wingardium Leviosa
simplify just wonder a little shoutout
segment got sent these yesterday in the
post for my mine a very smart this run
so far and it is amazing
your it smells so good doesn't it okay
yeah right I'm just about to jump into a
meeting there at the door one last thing
that I want to plug you all know Louise
pent then sprinkleofglitter
now when I released my first book the
pointless book one it wasn't really one
but there wasn't going to be it I didn't
know if there was going to be a two when
I released point this book she did an
entire video promoting it
we received this from the first ever day
exclusive top-secret proof poppy of wild
like me bollocks is to go bloom and
check it out go show it some love
yeah I know that can pre-order it or
something or your dress yeah a lot of
time gentlemen this is a kind of you to
brown I'm telling you to pre-order my
friend's book when my book is about to
come up in the 80s for pre-order well
they can pre-order two readers and then
when you're comes out experience exactly
I haven't even read one word in one page
yet hurt
alright literally the days are innocent
congratulations Louise I will read it
I'm going to read it first
actually I'm gonna read it though I
actually am gonna read it go check it
out Biola wing look I've got me dead
gotta go let it go okay like having him
say good morning good morning today has
been extremely all over the place we've
had quite a few have had quite a few
different meetings but we're just
driving now Dave and I to go and play
racquetball
fly jump up
let's go ahead and we've driven past a
sausage dog with a harness on but no
owner and all the houses around here
that all the gates are closed so I want
to go but see it just rolled it where is
it down the right
oh yeah just there with no one I'll pull
up you jump out there okay
awful in here go go go go to go slow got
it yeah
oh it's barking hey dougie
hey hey it's okay
hey it's okay come here come here
let me pick you up
or is that their dog what is going on I
think it's their dog I'm just going to
ring them in check
what hi there I was just wondering if
you have a sausage dog yeah and as I was
just driving down the road and she was
just walking up and down the road and
then I trying to pick her up just to see
who's she is to take her back to their
house and she went under your gate but I
just want to check this she wasn't that
she is yours and not somebody else's
okay yeah I think I think your little
boys down here as well now playing
football or something okay so I she's
back inside now it's one check she was
yours and I didn't scare someone else's
dog into yours
perfect all good she's their dog
they're so funny the dogs all good we're
about to create some racquetball whether
David meant to be savage it squash so
he's going to teach me I'm literally
like drenched with sweat I just got
beaten Fornell for now I thought I was
okay Dave's just savage is too good Nala
it's just better than me and I lose
every time I've just sat down to edit
the final the final app video for my new
book app that comes out when my book
comes out like this is the last one guys
11 videos and I'm about to edit the last
one the last video is all done and sent
over but I just want to talk about two
things review number one I said to Zoe
he's always just popped out for a bit
and I said that while she's out I don't
know I said this I said that I was going
to cook dinner tonight
do you wanna see what's in our fridge I
said that I was going to cook dinner
tonight like properly cook a nice meal
we were speaking the other day how we
don't ever take the proper time out of
our day to cook from scratch a delicious
meal are you ready This Is It this is it
lemon ketchup jam rhubarb some little
drink I have that now milk a juice water
mayonnaise butter or could do pasta but
I mean it's not really making dinner
from scratches at custer bacon whipped
cream half of a non who the heck has put
that back in our lemon bridge tomatoes
strawberries broccoli I mean there's
just not much nothing that I can like
fully make a delicious meal from scratch
that is one thing that I wanted to speak
to you guys about because those coming
back in about 20 minutes half an hour
and I haven't even been to the shop yet
to go buy some food I've just been
editing that video number two is that
though he had a new calendar up on our
wall it wasn't a sutler calendar it
wasn't a BB Murch calendar it I don't
even know where she got it you I don't
even know if I'm glad I am allowed to
put this on YouTube because there is no
genitals there is actually no penis
involved in it I don't know where she
got it it must have been in a peer box
Warwick rollers this is what the
girlfriend had on the wall I feel like I
am allowed to show it on YouTube because
as I said it is like there's no there's
no genitals but look at this so it's
currently May is now so that is February
March like come on they're literally
naked April this is the way I don't even
know why I find it so funny this is like
genuine bball just having a photo shoot
do it like I mean they do all have
ridiculous body so I'm not actually
laughing at them because they're also
much more muscular in a bit they're
like the professional brothers that
better shape than me so I can't say
anything but this is what I came
downstairs to on my wall yesterday this
was on the wall I'm going to actually
read what this is because thinking about
it it's probably quite rare that you've
got an entire rowing team that are happy
to pose like that in the calendar like I
just wouldn't have the confidence to do
that myself
this calendar also literally have no
idea what how this came up at the house
or anything this calendar is sold in
sports sport allies a project to tackle
homophobia and promote diversity both in
and through sport amazing sport is very
special to all of us at Warwick bro and
it's been an important part of how we've
developed and not just physically rowing
has helped us to explore our potential
make lifelong friends and get ready off
to university only cuz these guys are
younger than me we believe that everyone
should have the opportunity sport has
given us and that sport should play a
central role in enabling a more diverse
and inclusive world we have that our
calendar can be part of making this
happen by 2013 we decided that we wanted
to
further we came up the idea of sport
allies to tackle some of our problems we
were hearing about from our supporters
and we've now raised over seventy
thousand pounds to make the project a
reality oh this is sick all seriousness
I was just laughing at this calendar
because there was just a bunch of naked
guys on my wall but this is actually for
an amazing cause I was going to show
this in my blog to just laugh at and
joke about but being serious that's
actually like a really really cool
addition if you want to go check out
their stuff I'm sure you can just google
sport allies and it will come up with
bunch of details about what they're
doing and why they're doing and
everything but but they're doing it to
make sport more inclusive for everybody
which i think is million percent no
grain that needs to happen we actually
receive something else from the post
that I've been waiting for for ages
I believe got sent over but then got
sent back Roman and Brit you know my
friends Roman and Brit they've got their
merchandise called smile more I sent
those guys a ton of my PV merch and
they've been wearing all in their videos
and stuff it's super super cool and
they've just sent me and Zoey a ton a
ton ton ton of all their merchandise
like t-shirts all got one on the floor
another t-shirt more t-shirts more
t-shirts more t-shirts and I just wanted
to say thank you and I'm going to wear
it there's a super tempting to bring
headphones with me out just to walk
around to them to the local shop but
there's something about stepping as I
say this on vlogging there's something
about stepping away from the screens and
like always having something there you
know I mean like the more I'm sitting on
Instagram refresh and Twitter watching
Netflix watching TV listening to music
and stuff like that the less time I've
just got to myself to just think just
think about anything because I'm
constantly because I find myself just
being constantly distracted by something
by whatever I'm doing and then I don't
know if it's just me but after often
remind myself to step away from that
and sometimes just think no I am going
to walk 15 minutes to wherever I'm going
with no no headphones in I'm not going
to look at my phone I'm not going to
call a friend like I don't know what it
is
but it is so easy in life to distract
yourself but I don't always think that's
a good thing I think it is important to
just let yourself be with yourself by
yourself and just have a little think
look around lift your head up you know I
mean it sounds stupid I was trying to Ed
Sheeran about why he doesn't have a
mobile because I mean it is super public
it doesn't have a phone
like you it's great I don't know it
sounds so weird but he just doesn't have
one and I said to him but what you do if
you like meet a friend and you're late
and you thought we'd just sleep so you
don't be late you get there on time or
and I said what if it's the other way
around and you're the one that's early
and your friend is late and he said to
me well that's fine just say you're
meeting your friend in a bar what do you
do if your friends late and I was like
no no go on Instagram refresh my Twitter
feed and he said all you can just chat
to the person next to you chat to the
bartender look around and just have to
know and it did it did really really
strike a chord with me of how and I'm
saying this because I don't think it's
just myself of how how much or how much
of my time I'm distracting myself from
being and living in the moment and at
this very moment that I'm telling you
this and I'm saying this and how
important it is to live in the real
moment and not be sucked up by other
devices that we've got on us I've been
talking to the camera for the last three
minutes whilst walking to the local shop
so I'm going to not vlog the walk home
I'm just gonna I'm going to look up at
the blue sky what I've just said might
mean nothing to you you might think I'm
just speaking rubbish or maybe fell over
but some of you some of you might have
you might have got something from it I
certainly did chat to Ed about why he
doesn't have a phone then
yeah kinda love it it's ten minutes in
the evening so I've got to find
something that won't take too long to
cook should I kind of forgot that when
you do walk somewhere instead of driving
somewhere you have to carry the stuff
home so lucky I didn't buy some of the
really really had like bottles water or
milk or something like that you know I
mean I just bought like stuff the dinner
tonight in the next couple of days
rather than for if I bought like pints
and pipe on me we don't know if I'd buy
two pints of milk that so I bought like
a bottle of wine or something like that
I'd have to carry it all the way home
but normally when I'm driving this
figure in the garden yeah completely
forgot because I do want to bad I was
like yeah didn't even bring up
recyclable back with me go to play 5d I
accidentally put the sausages on other
mode rather than grill mode what's going
on over here
it is like we're yeah is he out
do you want to play you're a little bit
too big to play of him gone the place I
actually turn around no way he's
actually come in
you actually came off the Blumenthal
sound don't you you won't eat this now
you're just going to chew and spit it
out
we think that Percy is still in I think
party 70% of the food and paper and gets
30% that's what we think all the
sausages are proper cooking up now can
you hear them full Emma neck y'all I
kind of nearly burnt the house down you
missed it guys I opened this I didn't
realize you have to leave open when
you're grilling food and it was like it
was smoke but open all the doors and
stuff dinner's all done we've got
sausages beans creamy cauliflower mashed
potato veggies some little dough balls
with the pizza dough ball dipping stuff
and then randomly so this was like
reduced or something today just some
duck and hoisin little wraps and we're
watching the newest Kardashians and one
thing I saw whilst I was in Tesco was a
really cute couple going to buying a
bottle of wine to share together tonight
though doesn't drink so I didn't buy
this today
I already only got a little glass of
Malbec there's no glass of red wine do
you ever get so distracted doing
something that you don't even realize
that the time is going by and then you
look at the time and it's just gone 1:30
2:00 in the morning how is it 1:30 2:00
in the morning
I've been sat on my laptop just trying
to work out what I want to do more
pointless blog channel for like Zoey
went to bed at 11 o'clock so 12 1 2 and
a half hours I've been selling my laptop
looking at my previous videos looking at
my favorite kind of videos that I've
made on my on this blog channel this
channel my gaming channel and just
trying to work out what exactly like
100% want to stop loading on there again
the very last thing that I
want to do that I do not want to do is
end up doing videos on my pointlessblog
YouTube channel which could have just
happened within a daily vlog and put it
up on this like shooting it nice own
like a bigger camera and stuff a great
example of this I suppose is like the
other day uploaded a video on this
channel called the couple's outfit
challenge where I bought Zoe an outfit
in town and she bought me an out for in
town I mean she kind of didn't she
didn't buy me enough in town she tried
to buy them in outfit town and then we
gave them to each other when we got home
and we tried them on and so we look like
in them and and said well we like them
or we didn't like them I could have shot
that all really nicely on my big camera
and made it into like a proper
pointlessblog style 25-pound outfit
challenge couples kind of thing but then
that bit would have been missing from my
vlog if that makes sense either no I'm
gonna sleep on now I'm gonna have to
think about really really what I want to
do but I just wanted to reiterate to you
guys and let you know again and again
and again I am fully wanting and because
I get a lot of you guys just asking me
like do you genuinely not care our
channel anymore do you not want to do
that channel anymore and I do I think
about it all the time and I really
really do want to do it but as I said
before for months now I just want to do
it right but I'm at the point where I'm
like almost almost ready to start
filming I just need to finalize and work
out in my head what that thing is that
is right
anyways I'm going to end the vlog I'm
going to leave it here and they took
this little pup did this little doggy
out to the toilet which she is going to
hate because I bet it's freezing outside
because it's 1:00 in the morning
today's shout-out goes to Sophie thank
you so much for the love for watching
all my videos recently if you haven't
already go down below give the video a
big thumbs up and subscribe I'll see you
in the morning
okay
