today we're breaking the know filming in
bedroll good morning
how you doin I just received a parcel
from Andy let me just quickly rip my
dress off but Adi that in the post this
arrived this morning this is it's
remarried ass look at the bloomin paddy
doesn't really knows how to win my heart
over don't know this is just after we
sort through all of my shoes yesterday
and tidy everything thank you very - but
you're smelling them all then I look at
them
this is ridiculous guys oh my goodness
aren't you lucky I'm so right thank you
so much this is silly I like them
yeah no I want yeah I like them
oh my gosh kill them oh but they got the
boot sole this isn't real life that Adi
I send you pair of shoes look at the
size of this box comin at ya that
Duskull circles exclusive new enemies
look at the red bed Rogers own shoe
storage that's really cool
Shawn and I have come after lunch
together we did my buddy
you can type now very good time sorry
it's sort of a citizen citizen officers
going away order myself chicken salad
with double portion of chicken a little
mocktail Sean's gone for the same but no
chicken and he's got oh he's got it in
like a breaded bowl so good so I'm over
that I you did what no she probably
ordered her salad and then ordered a
side salad which is the same salad I
just had a latte and haven't even had
breakfast yet it's lunch time my I mean
past lunchtime the time is 2 minutes to
3 this is my breakfast and I just had a
lot able to indefinitely it double shot
we forgot to ask a bit as a double or
single and I'm literally feel like
dizzy attack by the Holden Caufield 92
ate my coffee it was like
in vitro that sickness man just bought
myself a little candle hell yeah or you
get that insta
we're just walking along outside
bareMinerals if this is Ingrid and
they're nowhere and inside that is crazy
everywhere wait is that her in the video
from a neck Ingrid
absolutely killing her which somehow
ended up furniture shopping
the things that none of us need Poppy's
looking at a table for mum and dad's
kitchen it's really nice isn't now I
don't think they're aware that they're
that they need a new table oh they are
aware I don't think they're aware that
you're looking at tables for them peace
out catching a bit yeah you going to
mind have fun
Shaun and I all guys have forgot I just
bought these what do you think I always
always wear I always wear Zoey's glasses
and because I've got such a big head and
so it's got such a small head she always
like and they're not real glasses were
they are your glasses but they don't
have any like prescription thing in them
Zoey's always like Alfie you're going to
stretch from a bloomin glasses with your
big old head so I am speaking admitting
the big head oh I do have a big head
number one but Zoey also does have the
world's smallest head so it's not like
mine's massive even though it is pretty
big it's also that hers is tiny so now
I've got my own glasses and then we're
just just walking around to get some get
some images take some in stirs you know
just fit inside a little little coffee
shop there taking some instagrams I'll
and having coffee as well but getting
those Instagram
okay you're going to be buzzing Road
I've got your blood copy or something
today it's been like molten lava I
haven't had to kind of fit
there's not one man risky you're going
to be buzzing it's also the vlogs just
gone live guys it's like half past it's
20 minutes to 6:00 in the evening you
are going to be like having a copy this
later I'm all good I'm all good I'm good
I already had I've had a double bottoms
and I don't want any this is like the
strongest idiot black goes no help
it's event of course it's going to be
strong
well yeah how strong is that ass good
that's like literally like coffee beans
so you're going to be happy hey you
scared yourself got money class said you
like the class says yeah I love then
adapt try your ones now hello hello
little baby yeah that was the surprise I
don't do our glasses now you were in
town with me you left a half an hour ago
they smell this candle I just bought I'm
so happy with it I even uploaded an
Instagram with that slow slow is really
sure how your time okay sorry wheres you
get this wrong doesn't it smell good let
let everyone else smell it everyone else
right now it's not good
these are real people can be horrible to
everyone watch in why kind of bill oh my
god guys if you saw the vlog the other
day somehow Papa if you want to
persuaded me to let them have my sofa
because they're moving flats so where
I'm we're testing we're not so what are
you giving me instead for then and a bit
you're not because that's going in
Sean's new office so I don't even get
your sofa which you're going but you can
never get here wallah
give me your listen key yeah they're
your old flat keys you know we're going
to be there anymore or in the new
PowerPoint if you can take the middle
out of it and make a necklace of just
the gold rim put it on a now that then
we can have my sofa Hey
haha Oh easy there it goes done we need
to find the doctor
oh you're helping out so much to come
from there
you seriously can do that very if you
cook me dinner when I get back are you
what are you cooking up though he's
cooking me up lasagna for when I get
home I'm heading out because I was
actually meant to there's meant happened
yesterday I was meant to be playing
racquetball with my dad but it didn't
let me pop you in the shoe box there but
it didn't end up happening because we
ended up going for lunch later than what
we thought we would because I was
tidying this room for longer than what I
thought I was but doesn't really matter
because I'm free today
that's free today my friend ace is free
today
Shaun is free today and I put two
racquetball courts to play racquetball
today so that's what we're doing just
need person shorts on but I knew just to
be the song stuck in my head on a
serious note guys I'm going to really
need some encouragement this week and I
don't want you to be horrible so don't
be don't be too over-the-top encourage
encouraging with me of course if I don't
but I do really need I need some help
this week because might not even this
week for the next three weeks my
personal trainers going away it's going
to climb Kilimanjaro he's climbing
blooming Kilimanjaro but what that does
mean it'll rings off what that does mean
is that is that I don't have a personal
trainer for three weeks and I really
really don't want to be losing like the
muscle and everything that I've been
working so hard to get over the last
over the last five weeks or so I still
still want to be working out my number
five times a week that's not realistic
like I didn't go today however actually
I'm going to play racquetball just some
encouragement some nice little pictures
of you in the gym of your friends you in
the gym working out would be nice
because I might leave that this week
that might help me out
I filmed anything yet so I nearly tried
to leave everyone playing each other
place to beat me I be that I be Shawn
that week Shawn I used to be dad like
yeah look at my hair
your jointer beat me 11 nail white but
I've been coming for the last couple of
weeks
where's my doggy
where's my doggy did you cook me my
dinner Zoey
where is it it's in the other honor
that's so cute oh babe you spent so long
making that it looks so cute
thank you you know earlier on when I
spoke about then I need some help from
you guys so am keep me working out and
keep me eating good hasn't happened
tonight I'm in the spine because I
sweated a ton and is he hiding today and
and the other fugitive had today is a
chicken salad
they're not even ready are they to see
it oh my gosh where's oh my gosh look at
this Zoey
oh no and look at that look at that
Pizza look at the beats a baby get that
corner piece that looks like the best
piece and the whole pizza you like for a
few oh yeah
the corners of the back boy you got some
more ten minutes later and I already
regret that I'm going to end up down
here guys you've enjoyed it if you have
give it a thumbs up subscribe do with
the nice things we nearly it 3.9 million
subscribers go down below and subscribe
sure and say a random name Eliza Eliza
yeah okay Eliza the other shadow today
thank you for my notifications on now I
have to find somebody's got my
notifications on food Eliza yeah yeah I
don't even have somebody able to do that
I will try I'll give you another one got
us who shout out bloom Annette okay
Sharon Sharon and Eliza
there's no one thank you God just keep
shy be Blau I'm sorry vehicle Glaser I
don't need to be loved with the arrow
and just loving it sure and saying your
name right I'll catch you the morning
before she was on line there's no more
short - no it's longer this is a good
take me to the other
Jenice yeah Jenny is that name I don't
even know where you're gonna find it
janeshia found ya bastard any letter you
for you forgotten the Iser Eliza more I
don't know was the second guys I'll see
you in the morning see in the morning
