but is you crazy mother
morning guys
good morning hey Joanne hope you're
having a lovely day I'm gonna wait I
feel ready for today it's Monday which
is my favorite day of the week if you
saw my tweet last night I went to bed
super late cause I'm editing and then I
set my alarm for super early this
morning and well we're in the gym and
I'm excited for Monday
Monday's a good day this morning when I
walked in I realized that this was all
steamed up and it still is a little bit
as you can see because I accidentally
left this thing the shutters slightly
open last night anyway anyways it's time
to reveal to show you I'm sure you've
seen in the clips that you just saw the
new design on the gym the quote that I
absolutely love do your future self a
favor and work hard today work hard
today then we go these little extra bits
put on as well just to make it make it
flow and look nice that is a quote that
I tweeted probably six months ago now
maybe even longer I absolutely love it
it's got no name to it like it's
nobody's quote it's just a quote that
people say so I worked with my designer
on the design for it and we worked up
this and I love it anyways I need to be
I need to be getting out of here I need
to jump in the shower get ready for the
day
see you later I'll see you tonight or
tomorrow
all right it is a good few hours later
I'm gonna morning flow of back-to-back
meetings and then to shoot some images
in town all of which I didn't vlog just
go go go good and now just got to a
studio so he's all the way as well well
she knew much pictures got myself some
lunch I went to a Vietnamese place that
I've never been to before
don't you know what to expect salmon pho
noodles yeah that looks good
yeah that let's go yeah as they look at
my camera well it's so much darker my
camera all right it's all been set up I
need to crack on with edge in the rest
of the vlog and managed to get most of
it done last night but I've still got
quite a bit today oh my god Alfie your
legs are really grown be careful if the
ladder is nowhere near that movie like
me Hey you're so stupid move another why
are you trying to lean yeah I'll see ya
Alfie stop it you're gonna fall also
you're really pushing on that pole and
it's not that sturdy move the freaking
ladder or do you know what you could do
just just rolled these bits down yeah
roll it back up yeah that's great you
can see the ladder day
I got a fun challenge for you see if you
can stand on the top of the ladder so
just don't then you do it yeah no I just
want to see if you would you're not
gonna fall through that is that that's
the image yeah no I'll come and stand on
their washer on this is not going on the
website
all right I need to get back to my blog
it's going live in one minute one minute
trying to help me carry it just into the
front room I'm so excited just got back
from the office 6 p.m. at the moment I
was just catching up with the team
sorting out some projects were working
on and a delivery arrived that is
ridiculously big like I was not
expecting this
now I'm not cold sorry this is an
excited delivery so one of my friends
Ben owns just a little company just the
fastest growing company in the UK like
legit won the award for the fastest
growing company in the UK absolutely
insane so I messaged him saying yo
basically if you don't know what Jim
shock is I don't know how you don't know
because it's literature as I just as the
fastest crack on in the UK it's bloomin
massive it's a gym clothing brand and I
put up an Instagram story in the gym the
other day and I think he replied to it
and then I said Tim you're I need to
order some of your gym clothes what
should I order what are the best bits
what sizes do you think I should get and
he was like don't worry I've got you
covered
I'll send you some bits look how much he
just said so this is our gym codes from
Jim Shaw I have no idea what is inside
here it is just like the biggest
delivery ever look how many bags there
are I don't know what is in here
oh-ho very fancy oh my gosh I think this
might be for you really this is a black
top
extra small he sent you some stuff as
well extra small bitch do you know how
much stuff is in each one one two three
four five six seven eight just in one of
those packets I thought it was been
thank you so much and the gym shot team
I love the boxes look at her yes oh my
gosh another one for you no do that yo
this stuff is sick that looks so soft
yeah oh my god pop in here we go to
Zarrella we hope you enjoy them watching
these wearing these pieces can't wait to
see you in the gym shark has another box
for me another I thought I ordered stuff
on what's going on another one another
one another one another one another one
really generous oh here we go here's
mine oh my gosh
tracksuit bottoms guys you have
absolutely spoil box is just insane
a gym shot hat y'all that's nice yeah to
our people hope you enjoy wearing these
looking forward to seeing you seen them
on from Jim Shaw jungle pullover black
extra large a dungaree Jim shot you're
missing out on the dungarees can you
make me a custom bed in dungarees
hey Zoe's gonna turn into one of those
like Jim galas on it around oh this is
ridiculous I'm gonna have to give some
of this stuff to dad because he's the
same Jim why I would have to get some
new hangers it's like purple one a
message Ben the other day I literally
just said I want to buy a couple of
items for the gym that I've got what do
you recommend what's the best bit but
this is ridiculous
Jim sharp if you up for a collaboration
pointlessblog PB merch Jim shot Jim
collab let me know I've got my gym
bottle gonna go and hit the gym for the
second time today I'm coming to work out
I got my water I got all my new gym
clothes on oh he's uploading a vlog
while sees it that it's not what the gym
is for I look at these got the fresh new
gym clothes on
what what what gym shark he needs some
probably since I have you know ever seen
in the gym equipment looks good doesn't
it yeah guys we've already been smashing
the workout for like half an hour but I
didn't want to bore you with a second
workout clip in the vlog today what is
that it's Marcus Marcus Leon Butler
you're not even ripped bro
this dinner may look super boring and it
kind of is to be honest search you know
this is cool this is like a whole was a
spinach quinoa and something quiche
tomato then not missing yeah and then I
got some sweet potato as well which I
like cutting like this rather than in
like chippy kind of shapes since I've
been to the gym twice today I've also
got the biggest green juice for myself
and and this for afterwards I want to
see what knowledge barking at it didn't
mean it born to you I'm super excited
for it
what's up well you're barking at come on
come to bed
come on come on what are you doing you
don't want us to go to bed you need the
toilet I bet you she does not need the
toilet because when she needs the toilet
she barked by the back door I just think
she doesn't want to go to bed because
it's only like nine o'clock oh my god I
honestly thought it was nine o'clock
quarter past eleven quarter past it I'm
confused
no no barking outside you're gonna wake
people up Kim um get your butt inside
girl there you go now I can go back
upstairs and enjoy my dinner all right
watch what in the vlog here guys it's
quarter past eleven but eat my dinner
which is not a good time to eat my
dinner she just caught up to your face
she still downstairs you're in the
bathroom get into bed if you like the
new gym design their logo give the video
a thumbs up to let me know tomorrow
morning I'll believe it when I see it
apparently poppy and Shana come in to
workout in the gym six a.m.
I'll believe it when I see it they're
like little like they don't get to get
to our house at 6:00 a.m. anyways I'll
see you in the morning I'm gonna wake up
super early to see if I can go to the
gym with them subscribe if you're not
already and I'll see you then good night
guys
