hahahahahaha good morning guys good
morning before I start my blog super
late during the day I just want to show
you that it is actually early during the
day and the tasks that I've set myself
to do today this is my task today to
tidy this room I don't even know that
but when people say a floor drobe people
mean like there's some of their clothes
are on the floor this is just next level
I barely even have any clothes that are
hung up they're literally all on the
floor and this is how I just get to my
wardrobe I walk across and then I look
inside or open my drawers but nothing in
while standing on everything and all of
that over there is all stuff for videos
that I can't even use I can't even get
to because of all of this and I don't
even know what's in there anymore
this is today's task it's not going to
be a fun one but once it's done your is
going to be so good and hopefully in
this vlog I'm going to show you the
finish the finished product or you
tweeted okay
while some region sink algae cells
probably doing that turns out you clean
the whole bathroom under what I don't
see what's wrong with that we've also
done the whole bedroom Thank You
completely idolatrous those clubs there
are still there because obviously
haven't even saw my first me Elena and
Rex is a wet piece of toilet roll yeah
but I tied you i tied to this whole
bathroom including that order bottom of
the bath over there
all of this was and Rex wet wipes I even
cleaned I all like the skirting board
bed you'd essentially want to dust that
you're not really kind you just wipe if
you have used an anti back to that's
what I thought it was all like I thought
the same thing I thought it's the same
thing
so now Zoe's wreak lean in the bathroom
that I've already cleaned so she shouted
upset I wiped it I didn't clean right
I'm opening these curtains get some
fresh air in this room that has not seen
any fresh air in about six months
and I'm am I'm going to tackle it about
an hour later and we've semi finished
the room we're bout to cut for lunch
with my family so we've had to put it on
hold just got dressed or showered I want
to show you what Zoe and I have done so
far and definitely a zoe ni it wasn't
just me Zoe helped out so much if you
remember what the floor was like before
you ready we've got a Blumenthal like I
can actually walk and not just walk on
all of my own clothes this bit here is -
I'm going to show you what's not done
this behavior is not done yet just
because all of that is like video stuff
mainly and I haven't had a chance to
sort that out we'll just been doing my
clothes
we've been clearing out all of my shoes
so these are some of my shoes I would
love to go into detail about my shoes in
a video sometime hook it up just pop up
an Instagram people are going like crazy
about these vans hear about my Yeezy
boots and stuff like that but uh maybe
I'll do it another time let me know the
comments if you want that and then you
go over here and these are all my like
favorite shoes coming down down down
down down we've got all my clothes we'll
fold it away we've got loads of clothes
in here jumpers all folded there this
bits now empty all my gym clothes if you
spin round it over here we've got tons
of jumpers and hoodies and jackets and
stuff and then this here is like jackets
and jumpers and t-shirts and things that
we can't fit either in there or in there
but soon we will be able to fit them in
there because I'm going to go through my
entire wardrobe my shoes everything I've
already started a little bit downstairs
I've currently got three bin liners full
of clothes to go to charity and I'm
about to go through all the rest of my
clothes because obviously I don't wear
all of these jumpers I don't wear all of
that I don't wear everything in here
that there are so many t-shirts and
stuff there and chefs that I don't wear
so I'm going to go through everything
and only keep exactly what I wear
ideally I want a really really small
precise wardrobe with only items that I
love because every single down and go to
my wardrobe and I've got so many clothes
sort of bought and collected over the
years and I love each item but it
doesn't mean that I would wear each item
now because but some of my shoes I've
had for
like five six years and I used to love
the style of the men but I don't wear
them anymore so that kind of thing
should just be go to charity some of my
t-shirts are too short for me because
I've got much taller over the years
anyways you get one saying we need to
head out or why need to pick a pair of
shoes we need to head out now my 50 is
today and we need head out and we need
to go meet the rest of my family for a
big old Sunday roast let me put you
there I'm super super excited I haven't
even had breakfast yet today I'm about
to that for a roast what's the time zone
ten to three now we need to leave now
seven minutes to three thousands of
bloomin good gets off a bus can say what
wasn't going so awesome and say I
haven't even had a chance to edit my
daily vlog yet today so yesterday's vlog
went up late which I'm guessing it
probably will because it's three o'clock
now about head out for lunch in my vlogs
meant to be up at 5:00 oh yeah nice I am
sorry that the developers late we've
been tidying up living room all morning
and now about to go for lunch with my
family that we've oily booked in the
restaurant but that it sweet like we've
already booked in the food he tells me
over the phone that yesterday was the
day before I know it's not restaurants
and pop yeah we booked in what food you
want and then when you get there they
definitely got it because there's
nothing worse than going to a restaurant
or a pub or whatever I mean up come
after Sunday roast and there are always
sold out to Sunday roast so on she
booked it over the phone y'all we got a
lot of rubbish look at all of this
rubbish and recycling we've got to take
out white we'll do that when we get back
look at these guys you think I buy crazy
shoes whenever I have kind of a little
bit weird I think apart from at my
converse like my little funny ones and
like yeah you never buy yoni no are they
Reebok yeah with local heroes should we
take you out to the toilet coming in
this case right special go outside the
toilet together
Kim um are you going to go to the toilet
oh and you we like a boy dog as well no
it's like a female dog
the knowledge of those things right
before she we she like runs really fast
like pieces of that you're we annoying
you wash your about the way you ain't
going back inside go yo yo don't feel
good today I feel good I think tied in
that room and our bedroom and the
ensuite is just fresh and amazing for us
so much better feel like refresh you
worked the toilet she's lighting how you
guys aren't going out for lunch and just
letting me wait here
she's I'm not going to eat it you're
late thank you so much yeah well glad I
bought you a present like five weeks ago
forgot to give it to you hey baby hey
I'm coming in yeah mumbles little
present a little concrete with a strip
of like copper on thank you oh you
barking you want some attention Kim and
then straight home from the pub guys
that was absolutely delicious I'm like
so full up like on the brink of like
being too full it's uncomfortable but
just quite not there which is good that
started in the vlog it's melted off in
27 minutes yeah awesome ah hey Josh
oh my gosh been a while since my last
blog clip we've been doing tons of stuff
and I just didn't even bring my camera
with neighbour I've loved a tiny bit
lunch
I'm web migrators which is good getting
back into wearing these we've been out
all afternoon and I just went back and
picked up Nala from home and brought her
over whilst these guys ordered dinner
why you are eat use it to me all doing
something healthy yeah that I like and
amazing that I couldn't really but I'm
so unsure as I was about to tell me what
she's ordered me for dinner and then she
was are actually no wait I think this
would be good for the vlog what what
about what have you ordered me so I
ordered years
mmm oh my god your hands are free I know
I love it your barometer that's amazing
yeah favourite and a superfood salad
with chicken though he's ordered me one
dish that I don't like from an entire
restaurant it doesn't matter you still
order some intuition no I do I'll do it
I bought this bag over full of goodies
what is in there or your soy Northey my
let me take my laptop out oh yeah oh my
god was that all of our foods just
arrived and I am I kind of ordered
myself food from a different place
because I wanted to get tons of chicken
and I thought Zoe had ordered me the one
salad that I didn't know no I don't like
I just not very keen on it it turns out
it's just arrived and it is actually one
that I ordered myself and I do really
really like
so I mean do you know me
yeah that's not my lunch to mine and
I've also got a massive dish now these
guys are cons of physical Sean's garlic
bread looks so good mini nice popular
miss your food let me sit down the sofa
and put it back on the fire hot agree
there is your food no not in the
practice and is your food another some
round a table right oh no la you joined
us for dinner
he's on the little ghost in there
Georgian carrot hey this is a linen
lemon pesto sad emotion along with me
yeah Larry's currently face tune in if
you did not the happiest I've never
actually had the app face tune before
it's basically an app where you can tune
your face and you can like smoothen your
skin and change the shape and make your
muscles bigger and do loads of stuff but
people not usually use it like get rid
of spots and smoothing their skin and
stuff but he's currently using it I'm
going to insert now a couple of pictures
that Zoe has no valid Lee enjoy she's
already treating it Bo
she's already tweeted ever I look like
an alien now I look like a father over
your hair light i calling it over your
hands anyways Lois Gartin edited shown
that as you know she's just that she's
just taking a picture of me now and
she's currently editing me as I speak
but you're next and then we get to do
you Zoey on your own phone and Zoey
screw now each one
this is that funny Oh what have you done
oh my god sorry
are you sick
why is my head that's around my
shoulders debris bored
let me see put your waiting on your
actual phone yet so he's literally
sitting here let me see I really wanted
that like money I want all my shoulders
to be as wide as mine during your hair
to recede as much as yours yeah oh my my
channel is not focusing I know why
you're gonna like it you're really gonna
like oh your shoes well I perceive
dominga I haven't seen the finger it's
like a fillet in your baby's heart would
you wanna go home yeah that was so good
that's my favorite one I think it's
alright like individual things like the
fingers the toes bingo
do your socks off right about to start
working on Zoey's this is the original
picture that never used this app before
so I don't know how to use it so it's
like don't look sorry just look at this
one I've changed one thing that already
makes Joe goodbye farewell given a Missy
coming in coming in yeah good girl
yeah we just got home and I'm not going
to vlog whilst in bed because that's
breaking the rule even though vlogging
in this room is kind of breaking the no
vlogging in the bedroom wall so I hope
you've enjoyed the video
if you have give a thumbs up do the nice
stuff College Pitt nail into her bed
today's notifications shoutout goes to
Jess I'm just guessing that the somebody
wants to shout out with my notifications
turned on called Jess for exams got my
phone on me to check I sure don't know
oh my photo she was there anyways I'm
going to stick with them and stick with
my instinct Jess you got the shout-out
today if you haven't already guys we are
so nearly at 3.9 million subscribers on
this channel we're like less than two
thousand away so let's see if we can do
it go down below subscribe subscribe
subscribe subscribe I don't know I'll
catch in the morning guys
okay
