good morning guys good morning how you
doing liquid of blooming got this
morning if you've watched even one of
these videos on this channel you will
know that I'm obsessed with trainers my
friend Ryan Taylor the guy that was BMX
in the other day with in London he's the
ambassador or something like that for
this company called CREP protect I'm not
getting paid to say this and he was like
yo do you want some stuff to keep your
shoes clean and I was like yeah okay
so he kind of set this for me and sure
what this is insane like there is so
much stuff in here just layers and
layers and things and things and
shoelaces and thank you so much thank
you
putting on my Oreos my little Oreo shoes
I don't remember the last time I was
this excited for the weekend I don't
even know what we do but it really have
any plans up we're going out for dinner
tomorrow night with my family but we
don't have any plans as such to what
we're doing that's one thing I do need
to do a couple of houses opposite
emailed me somehow emailed saying that
they've got a parcel of mind that I
missed and the postman delivered to
their house I'm going to go and flip
that parcel I don't even know what it is
so I have no idea what the Pascal even
is apparently so they drop me an email
to say that they've got it
I got all of the stuff guys I'm pretty
sure it's a bunch of sug like
merchandise I'm pretty sure this is a
ton of nog life merchandise because
mixer that was meant to arrive for the
photo shoot I mean we kind of had the
photo shoot like yeah like I think I
shouldn't sell I thought was gonna be
something for me you're not going to
believe this
in the last clip my blog they just went
oh it's been all the way across the road
and the delivery was for Zoey is or sub
left match and now it looks like the
next clip in the vlog that I've actually
been tidying downstairs and doing all
the bins and everything for like half an
hour a package from Amazon is just
arrived from me and in the last clip of
my blog us and I wanted my own package
Oh oh my god ah a megabyte return oh yay
hello you know Oh big old boy back trees
look at the size of the batteries you
need in that hello
got some new stickers this morning to
add to my laptop I'm a suitcase this is
what everyone needs to do on a Saturday
morning update their cottage with a new
sticker - this ticket just put on my
laptop
I'll show you don't give up do that only
with lost a dog whatever is here ah
there you are you're in the Sun someday
then we'll see unique time we're going
to pop out for a little bit so we got
cheese
have you got dorky know if you know you
have like in friends got the key
who knows that reference I look I don't
really talk about my hair today I act
like you know oh I'm gonna jump you know
I'm oh you know a cotton bud yeah if you
were to have a cotton bud and you just
left you at the bottom of your handbag
for two weeks and you got out that's
what my hair like my head and hair looks
like today a frazzled caught my
registered that left a cotton bud you
know how do I eat on and in the pin in
our bedroom and I just tied it up now
you came and you gave without takin and
you to me boy have I got it cause I'm
good and I'm so happy a Saturday happy
it Saturday
I am I think it's just because we don't
get any thank you very much lovely lady
I think it's just because out which was
how I'm saying just like and I think
it's just because we don't get any
emails uncle's from work is that fast
how much better are we are having our
weekends now but I don't upload them the
weekend anymore and that's made a huge
difference to me although I did upload a
vlog yet and I probably I mean I do
still work on the weekend
they're still admin stuff I'm like
you're still filming going to send h1
tonight oh yeah oh yeah I do enjoy them
but thank you though I do feel like we
need to be more advanced with sewing
because it's like zoom on the game like
okay I'm gonna go film more episodes in
one sitting I think that's the key the
keys we only have until one episode I
always want to film or don't I
if you that's like I've got things ready
to do I can't do another one and then
I'm there like in fact that you had a
dream about since last night are you
yeah I dreamt that I was playing it like
a lot we're on our way to Gale bakery by
the way that's where we're going okay
would you limit interview before we can
hire new in yesterday first time it's
been a really like odd place I couldn't
I wouldn't have thought it would be here
you know this is that one that always
this face
yes paint machine as well oh my god we
look now we lucked out see I think we
should go grab some something just will
come to me it's not if you want maybe
it's nice don't and Alfie is actually a
pro a parking like it took me years to
park like that
I'm walking in a car that more or less
parks for you this is I have so much
technology you're basically like guide
you into your space it's a big awesome
Georgia take your camera my vlogging
today my camera hello guys don't see you
in a while haven't seen you with me old
in the camry about ten minutes of
footage kind of just filmed so much if I
just then I've only been a once miss my
new favorite
this generator here is on fire outside
so I must have a cigarette or something
in there that's crazy
we put hairspray in my hair lost it when
it's virginity
I just Alton what have the hairspray all
in it and now it's one night we kind of
got a bit carried away with the food
went for three little yogurt pot and I
kind of got the scrambled eggs on the
time I just wanted to try it and then I
also saw that they do sweet corn
pancakes that are further amazing so I
am I understand the charge this looks
incredible
there's a very good portion of scrambled
eggs I must say kind of got myself a
taquito latte
we sit down on the beach we got DJ Zoe
amna on the deck hey are you guys having
issues of climate change I just
let's poached in the first line I'll get
it
I'm over Venice when I'm gonna get your
dad we're gonna fire them come down in
angry baby you believe me
how can you just like that so fast
but you go yes means you did you do this
is the one thing that my audience table
is whenever I sing along to a song in
the car
I get more hate comments than anything
else I could possibly do in a video why
I don't know you just don't like it
I think in my carpool let me be hated by
the guys I hope you enjoyed this segment
he would come into unlimited this is one
of our favorite shops in Brighton which
looking to the plan it's like giant
plants like this look at this little one
but this is a real plant guys what a
king company's values I asked you
something over wrong oh you know it
reminds me of Eugenia Beach I also keep
it let me go to this one you know my
favorite one this little round one I've
got yeah oh yeah that's wrong we're just
coming into beyond retro which is like a
corrector a second-hand clothes job and
I want to have a little challenge with
Zoe she has to find me and up there and
I find her and out there are we still
going to do that we have to buy each
other something you're not that see
until we get home what I'm going to buy
you off
are you joking so we're going to buy
each other and outfit this place just so
cool in here have you never been before
it's amazing
now happy it makes me that it's all in
color order this is like my dream
sometime between two tops for Zoey
either this one which I think she'll
love or this one here which I think I
really like they're both mediums as
always definitely not a medium she's a
small but I don't think it matters too
much
so he's known in many section you're in
the women's section I've only found the
top for you I can't find anything else I
just I don't know how to get a meet of
your genes I feel like you could work
with those genes I just need to find
something else to go hey hey then so you
want to take some pictures look at the
new coins I got hopefully the new coin
fitter now like the machines is about to
fly by some like new you-head
doctor what's happening oh no look at
that first picture
my eyes are like half open that was the
first one that wasn't at that awful
so becoming like hey baby
we're home coming in so I got Keys a
little doggie
Joey and I were just saying how crazy is
it a couple of years ago wished to come
home to no one nothing they don't come
out and greet you I'll give them some
attention
hello mate hey we got Mingo v200 yes
give me it give me it
why just bring you toys when you come
home they get to present by gifting
isn't it yes like bringing you a present
yeah your home here you go
oh no we're in town and we forgot to buy
the batteries for their oh what a shame
actually is a shame
we bought some goodies we bought some
juices in town as well so we got our
three I got a um L - I don't really know
what he's even I didn't jet and I also
got a ginger shop which is the biggest
gingers I've ever seen in my life
look at that for a shot yeah that's
quite good that tastes like nothing I've
ever had before it'd almost be sweet and
fit oh that's a green juice I can get
there yeah it's light nice doesn't this
sweet but also a bit thick this one is
good
smell that it's going to knock your head
off
oh they're nice a big shot isn't that
that's not a shot why I can double light
that's more than a double
how can you shop that is it really I
thought it's going to be really not
strong because how big it is oh my god I
thought it was going to be ready I
thought it was going to be really weak
because how big it is like you're mixing
up and forth at some places ooh this is
like ginger lemon apple yeah I cannot
taste that I think you know what that's
like a proper one you know sometimes
they water it down too much oh my god
that's pretty good that is really good
the big ones are good this is I mean a
concert isn't good because it's a ginger
not like exactly what it's meant to be
it's a good one like you know very good
ginger up it's just a ginger shot just
putting all of his or his new clothes on
she's got our eyes closed
you're very closer then you can't see
the socks is oh he hasn't seen a t-shirt
yet I don't like that it's going
diagonally try and tie up this let me
tie this oh I need to roll this one up I
didn't even get the full outfit and just
got socks in the t-shirt and have a look
at each it go look at the t-shirt no
never
well it means Karen just you know copped
off no Halloween one do you like it I
like it I love you a lot
socks are cool are they yeah I think
with like a big little like a big little
a big jacket on on top it's a bit big as
a medium and annoying the only annoying
thing about the shop obviously because
it's secondhand
you see at each other you're like ah
that's perfect and then it's like large
yes the trouble I have is you see like
your jacket
know what you would like and then
anything I picked up you might like this
it was like small yeah because there
isn't because Elvis's all secondhand
guys there's not like oh I like this job
I'll get it in if they got a small or a
large or medium difficult I wanted
everything kind of thing let's pretend I
got you this okay like it yeah cool you
like it I like it
old school old school Eddie - alright
let's finger deuces and then we need to
clean the bloomin house which there we
are cleaning I need to edit my blog we
need to film Sims we need to edit Sims
when he's upload Sims game over using
first well right now even if we don't
anything that anything like okay let me
drink the juice then I want to go and
have a bar alright we'll drink up we're
doing car to see Jesus while we play I
have no idea what is in this box is are
we saying that I'm gonna want to vlog it
but back is that not karaoke machine
with how many micro five microphones
yeah we're doing a karaoke night in a
minute these are like drop a heavy might
I know why you're looking at me like
that I know what you want
coming in
let's go get your dinner so Zoe and I
just finished filming a new Sims episode
which went incredibly well it's like
half an hour episode and tonight it's
vlog that I just uploaded it was like
twenty four minutes twenty four and a
half minutes so let you've got like an
hour of content going up today I put
them in our crazy anyways Matt walking
Nala just taken around the park for a
little bit whilst the new Sims video is
rendering out doing its thing just edges
it but just need to need to let it
render and The Sims videos because they
are half an hour long and they have the
screen the audio and the camera and
everything they take a little while to
render so the Sims doing its thing at
the moment Oh how's Nala going to be act
no what's that oh she's not scared at
all so she was so scared of them killing
them let's get back in the car
good girl gunnin look let's put you in
there
let's get your little seat bar on we
literally get home and Sims has only
done 56 percent the entire time I've
been out son 56 percent this is how long
Sims episode take everybody that
literally can't believe this is now
pitch black outside Sims is still not
done 35 minutes past 9 guys have just
finished work another thumb now the
video has been uploaded it's got 16
minutes left it's 52 percent done Sims
always takes so much longer than what I
think it does like my head and my are
easy nice little quick Sims episode not
at all blooming long Sims episode
