China I went to a place called gales
bakery which our manager has been
telling us to go to for a month now
that's like illegal murky chocolate
you're holding how you doing I just got
back from the gym and on the way back
from the gym I went to the post office
picked up some mail that we missed
yesterday got myself little art a and
Zoey a hot chocolate you see the thing
is with Brighton where we live we are
very very lucky that we have lots of
incredible restaurants and let me
balance your miss on this pair of
scissors we're super lucky that there's
a lot of small independent coffee shops
restaurants cafes whatever you like to
call them so a bit spoiled for choice
when it comes to that kind of thing but
we've been told that this place called
Gables here it's a train there are
gateways in London I'm not resources any
crazy come on Julie this is it you can
take them I'm balancing my camera on a
pair of scissors and so I went there
today okay I'll go check it out I was
not ready it was insane like absolutely
incredible I got myself a little
lemonade Plus don't know what that is I
just went in there are too much good
stuff I got myself I really popular
those popping all the balloons that you
guys don't know what they're for still I
got myself some mixed seeds blueberries
and passionfruit I got myself a quinoa
raw root vegetables avocado with tahini
dressing which is vegan apparently and
then I just kind of went in like the the
section that had like baked goods kind
of thing though con is I want to get a
plate lemmya dish fastball
this is meant about these don't try this
at home remember sometimes Oh
oh my god I'm asking if like where's the
hole in this one it's just going to save
you forever
okay come back find out you make the
hole bigger I know I'm not it tastes
disgusting hey miss Goodman yeah doesn't
it hurt your throat they're having
Michael three full video a gay always
bakery hall I wish you more evidence
only about that for lunch or to commit
to the menu for lunch today
yeah I've got a meeting of all means in
45 minutes
all I'm going for is in 15 minutes I'm
never going to make it there
knows that so me call past an Alf so why
is there a locks broken is that yeah go
look at it so it's quarter past 10:00
but that hour hand is what nearly eleven
no it's not it's course most eleven okay
my demon go and get ready
nice okay put the Gayle of things yeah
oh really quick
I don't know times easier don't know
what that is oh wow credible like smoked
salmon cream cheese and trying to offer
us another little don't pull out don't
fall out
don't fall out ah Ricardo egg and tomato
I mean really touched it are you me bear
and that's so cute
yeah that's our selection and I got
these two as well for us okay great one
is you didn't want it on there did you
I mean oh my god you are vile automated
avocado off my panel shockula
holidays units I would go to meeting
okay then so do it oh this looks lovely
I've got the address to my phone I don't
know how far away is out of any meeting
that I could ever be late for this is
not the one that I want to be late for
this is like this meeting is so
important to me welcome with the
charities and stuff there's something
that I do a lot in my own personal time
and I do it off of camera I've just
always chosen to do it that way and I
donate money and I go me over charities
and stuff like that but all just as a
free day is not as the YouTube app every
day's put it off with a wellness blog
whatever you you know what I mean but
recently my PA wants to go meet with a
charity quill the markets charity and
they're based not too far away from me
in Brighton or in hose you'll see today
when we get there what they do and
hopefully some of the members of staff
are going to be okay to be on camera and
they can explain what they do why they
do it how it's going and anything then
they might need help with I feel like
I've got so many connections to taking
companies to different people with a lot
of power from doing this YouTube thing
that I do but it's somebody like the
Mart lifts that could really need
something specific that I've got a
connection to and I could just make
happen
welcome to the my lips so I'm actually
filming this clip on the following day I
just I want it I did film I did film at
the hospice but there are so many people
going in and out that may not want to be
on camera who are there if a visiting
somebody there go in there themselves a
member of staff who works the hospice
but everywhere is sat for a good chunk
of the time whilst I was there talking
about what they do the work they do how
they do it why they do it which kind of
people they help how they help it was in
quite a communal area was in the cafe
area of the hospice so there was a lot
of people walking in and out and I was
very very aware when I was filming that
I wouldn't gonna be abused a lot at the
footage because not everybody wants to
be on camera and that is perfectly fine
so I did film tiny little clips
because we have a few usability of comes
at a great price
you know the how often you save someone
how are you but you really mean it
not just like save hello another way of
saying alone you mean you face somebody
higher but really mean that that's what
we do here we really want our cell
phones okay it's a really nice democracy
both the women there were lovely enough
to take some time out to come and chat
with me and tell me about all the things
they're doing we had Sarah who whose
main role of her job is to raise
awareness and raise money and everything
for the hospice and then we also have
the CEO just by chance walk past she was
going out to lunch CEO of Martlet
Hospice walked past and she came over
and she stopped and sat down took the
time out today to explain from her point
of view the CEO why it's such an
important thing to have in our community
and how they're helping so many people
and for me who's lived in Brighton since
I was three years old
yeah we're so lucky as people we live in
Brighton Hove to have the model it's
Hospice there for us and my just wanting
to I'm not I really really not gonna be
able to speak about everything in this
video because I was there for like well
over an hour and we spoke about so much
stuff in so much detail that I wouldn't
possibly be able to even get with the
facts and the things why but what I do
want to say in this video now is number
one they are absolutely crushing it like
they are doing an amazing job helping up
so many individuals and not just those
who who have a life-threatening illness
also those around them their whole
network their mums their dads their
brothers their sisters their aunties
their cousins their girlfriends their
boyfriends their partners the hospice
itself really looks after everybody I
don't really know how to explain that
when somebody is told that they've got a
life shortened end condition it doesn't
just affect that person it affects
everyone that whole network around them
and that's really really what the model
is focus on they focus on helping
everybody not just the individual
whether that the on-site salon that they
have where they do everybody's hair and
nails and make them feel great and
confident whether that's therapy
sessions just talking to somebody having
somebody there just to talk to and tell
them your worries and tell them what
you're feeling whether that's getting a
massage whether that's against my
acupuncture whether you're not well
enough to physically leave your bed and
they go and get the local rabbi to come
in and chat to you or the local priest
they get to come in and chat to you they
can they can do all these kind of things
News mind blowing like there was a
couple of stories that they told me that
really really stood out about just
things that make just going far beyond
the typical cab that you would assume
would come if you were saying in a
hospice for example a little boy who had
to stay at the hospice and he was super
sad that his pet goldfish would be left
at home so they bought his goldfish into
the room first set with goldfish in made
sure he loved everything that was going
on and then when they did to wake him in
his goldfish was already living there
and it was already happy well there was
one person who hadn't managed to see
their horse because they weren't when
enough to go to the stables and let's
see there was they got their horse
brought to the garden every single room
every single bedroom backs on to the
gardens and they got that horse to come
onto the land onto the gardens so that
they could open the doors from their
room and have their horse there for them
y'all let the craziest self guys but I'm
just going to keep this quite short
because I'm talking about this kind of
thing isn't for everybody
but going there showed me if anything if
I took all of the amazing things that
they've got that they're doing out of
the picture the one thing that going
there showed me is the being of the
markets Hospice is not a sad place to be
they've made it such a happy positive
place to be this isn't a place to die
this is not that's not what it's about
this is not creating a place for people
to pass away this is creating a place
where people can live to their absolute
fullest for the life that they've got
left it's a fact that all of us are
going to pass away one day that is like
kind of in life the only one thing that
we do know that's going to happen as of
like some people don't like store
about it but someday that will happen I
welcome to all of us and some of us live
longer than others and some people are
told that they have a condition that
could affect the length that they've got
left to live and it's in those moments
that the markets really really steps in
help to pick those people back up and
help them enjoy the life that they have
got left it's not about it's not it was
amazing that it was such a positive
happy vibrant place which if you're if
you're on the outside you would assume
that it's going to be super sad these
these people that are often visiting
there and let us stay in there are going
for incredibly incredibly tough sums
that you wouldn't even be able to
contemplate that the my a--let's are
helping them make that absolute most of
their life it's about living the life
that we've currently got to the absolute
fullest because it is a fact that one
day all of us are going to pass away and
the model is doing a bloody amazing job
the critter I thought I was going to
film the full tour and show you guys
around and show you the rooms and stuff
and I did film bit but it didn't feel
right putting it online and putting onto
this video so I thought I would just
step back wait a day to process
everything that I experienced and maybe
one day in the near future we will go
back and I will do a nice little tour
and I'll show you guys around and I can
go into a little private room and have a
chat with some of the members of staff
about what they're doing how they do and
put it up in this video and maybe we can
get involved in help try and raise
awareness or raise money or do some kind
of fun stuff and to help out as much as
we possibly can because there is no
reason why this community that we've got
here while we can't be helping out we've
got so so much power there's so many of
us feel we can make make a big change
and I feel like this is something we
should we should sure we should sure
help out let's get back to back to the
vlog I'm probably about to go and play
racquetball or something well if I do
behind you
yeah one day I've already started my
blog oh you are yes I have only thing
good morning guys a joke in a house I
dare my guitar with the gym go slavery
and the Martlet play anything from girls
very needed in June Oh like you'd come
to the gym with me hey listen it's a one
big feature over six weeks nearly did
you did you or did you not workout this
morning
yours not Oh Bobby has meant to be
working out this morning at 6:30 a.m.
and just somehow did manage to work out
did you just somehow dinner blaming it
my cousin is you've come soon you can
still work out by yourself because we
were doing all pad no you
there are no bad stuff
no it wasn't no it wasn't I think it has
that much everything Josie and Bitzer
Jonesy and beat Sir John Z in it wrong
I'm eating it as well
Sanji pop let me what you want to like
don't judge him exactly can do whatever
I've had if I could switch control on a
master camera three thousand bucks
three thousand bucks we can blog on it
because my camera my blog camera broken
for the 52nd thousand time they just
break all the time some currently super
blue Annette at the moment so I'm
currently blog in on a big old boy a big
camera this is the size of the camera
that I'm currently vlogging on
have you done it are you Sean and pop
here over here they're about to film his
super exciting video I can't tell you
guys what it is but it needs it needs
always help that's all what I'm going to
say I'm a big jumbo but I'd write you my
big deep down like hey it's not my big
coverage you know why to everyone why
come on yes you do what's happened with
my big one I let potty
so since give up New York she hasn't
given it back to me she stole Annette
Zoe is the camera woman you're the camel
woman Zoe but you also the camel woman
for my vlog the other day why don't you
stop me being in front kind of a self
culture learn everyone thinks that were
breaking up another video no they don't
I've seen one comment about that at all
now you saw it in the room I'm a bitch
thank you I like your like this it's not
a thing they know sean is obsessed with
the fishes spinner good luck man good
luck good luck bro good luck are you not
gonna make it ah you know why he's
always doing all of this do you know why
because then in the description she gets
credit for cam woman direct makeup
artists you get so many different links
I'm going to do that now but doing all
the different jobs lighting how you
doing Missy you having a tough day busy
day busy day of sleeping mission respect
more ha ha ha she ran away she ran away
from you though you don't even know
where any because you don't even know
where her who she comes to you've got
your hand
now we both call her at the same time
I'll start over here not to come into
entreats gonna treat come here
coming in to scare treat let's get dolla
coming in give us a
no way yo that is cheated that such
cheated mommy didn't even give you one
come here look what daddy's got no I've
got one yes sir there we go hey what are
you doing what do you mean you're so far
hi no it is not no it is not I'd look at
know the soap guys for penis corner can
I say that you're moving soon yeah top
being Shawn and moving soon and I don't
know how but probably somehow has
managed to persuade me to let them have
this sofa could you go either or me you
have mine that much bigger more calm and
I like that because he gestured the
cushions you have to read now the
cushions you have to rent off of me the
circuit is free the cushions 100 pound
each
yeah obviously have agreed or more
bobby's you want to move in soon
persuaded me that to let them to let
them have this sofa I don't know why I
don't know why I said yes I'm just a
nice buddy you know everybody quiet you
turn the camera off
we've just arrived from one thing I
didn't tell you is the ASA and I bought
a new racket
I'm so excited and one thing we have got
I can open it by protection that's
perfect talking about your goggles where
there we go it's got the goggles on so
we can't get in the face I'm going to
put you guys in the corner whilst you're
playing hopefully onions that's good
come to get some fish and chips
we're just going in it's either jumbo
sausage
no no so just one over the price yeah
yeah look at the size of that jeez you
are not even ready for this food oh my
gosh back on the other camera now I just
got home and the kind of picked up a
bloomin big fish and chips dropped a
star off as well hope now had such a
good time
sweaty I need a shower so bad sweating
out playing racquetball and I am yeah I
just went to a place called wolfies as
you saw which is like the number one go
to fish and chip shop life you live in
writing the hose guys it's by right next
to home station I can't even describe
look how good it is got burger sauce
mushy peas curry sauce 3 jumbo sausages
a fish cake 10 chicken nuggets and chips
I said to the woman I said to the girl
who were serving me I was like is that
enough for two people she was like yeah
that that's definitely enough for two
people she was like don't worry you can
trust me that is enough for two people
as i can good good good i wanna try this
just woken up on the sofa it's not the
time there's literally have no idea what
the time is Sesa below oh wow I lost 11
other words can I go up or in the
morning oh my god so high there we both
fell asleep under the duvet so massive
thick very blanket just before the video
ends I've got one more thing that I
forgot to say completely forgot to put
this in you know I showed you these this
is the points book one this is the
pointless book - they've all been like
rebrand it so it's still the same book
inside I showed you this in a vlog a
couple of weeks ago but we basically got
a new front covers for them
is number one that is number where's the
old one to show you this is an old
number one so that's what number one
looks like that's the new number one
these are now on sale but they've just
gone and sale right now number one and
number two the rebranding version so go
check them out go find them on internet
or try and leave some links down below
knowing me are probably I'll probably
forget to leave links down below for you
you can just know where to find them you
know the internet you know how it works
once but one point split two is now on
sale looking like this you can probably
go to the shop as well and just pick
them up just looking like this looks
sick looks so cool and then when you put
them next to each other on the edge
you've got that and then the new book
going to sit there and on that note of
the new book just before I go I'm
allowed to tell you now when it is
available to pre-order as I told you as
well a couple of weeks ago when I
announced the book I didn't want it to
go on pre-order way before the book and
even been finished like I find it with
how early books go on pre-order I don't
know like for me like imagine if I
bought this juice and I had to give my
money three months and have our salads
you want that green juice out they give
us six pounds of whatever cubit amount
of money this cost the state in the
process of one of my books cheese over
ripped off anyways this choose this use
imagine if I take if I to pay for this
juice like four months in advance nobody
wants that so I put the book on
pre-order as late as I possibly can
which is just looking at my laptop the
eight I don't even know if I'm allowed
to say this I've just got in my diary so
I'm just saying it the 18th of May my
book is going to be available to
pre-order the third Point's book from
the 18th of May so put it in your
Diaries put a reminder on your phone do
whatever you want to do the 18th of May
it's going to be ready it's going to be
ready pre-order so that's not excite and
then I don't know what is green juice
now that's my ex item anyways anyways
just let you know the 18th of May get
ready and these guys both available now
in shop online wherever goodbye
