you just copying me you literally just
copied me no they're not real glasses I
mean a minor actual real glasses I
actually need these you're the fake we
should dirty attack mmmm
no poppers copying me I know what else
sorry you got sunglasses on in a car
prepare for war we live in the UK we
live in the UK we've got 15 minutes left
until we get to the o2
excited secondary I see you hi dat let's
play let's play a game like when we were
kids my mom is my biggest fan
do you watch all my videos mum is my
math love it I reckon I reckon I've read
all his mum's you read actually probably
uploads at once a month anyway why I
like little stingy paragraph like once a
month
yeah and like 90% images I reckon I've
read a good half of one of your blog -
yeah it was the toil of yesterday's vlog
we hang that stuff now how about today
alright what is that like a secret bag I
go oh yes yours yes your I was that sad
now we watch that where the link in the
description what the better that we've
never actually used when Joe skaters Joe
sequence Alfie's bedroom
what do you do it and then I'm up to
something and then you know I'll cheer
if you wonder when we're going by the
way guys
good morning today we're off more I say
good morning it's not the morning okay
you don't have to work out me it's 6
p.m. in evening and we're off
everyone is off so we couldn't make it
so it can become that everyone else dad
will meet up there to go see Ed Sheeran
tonight we were in London anyway yeah so
how many is and we want to see Ed
Sheeran tickets are just sold out like
now this is your calling well and let's
make em vice by evergreen plant W
wonderful mother go on live it out speed
it you can see that angle if I'm not no
mark we are playing ice by after his own
house
Here I am yeah that's why I'm about not
basing what hasn't yet more so make sure
know what is the angle block do ever
anything ever happy beginning with thee
yeah what hey all right going your dad I
slide my life I'm in despair no
late too late in our Dukes mum way nice
five my life so I do obviously look at
it before you say you meant to look at
it then look around for there and then
SE e cheering etc GZ know why last one
and then we're going to be we're going
to be arriving at the O to see you know
what it was
those bloody eyebrows on your head no it
could be not fasting on it smaller than
my eyebrows or my head like I said oh my
gosh
Oh anyway he's getting ready five
minutes away
we just jumped that far we've come
inside and we've come straight into a
restaurant to have dinner here before we
go out CF for obvious ones straight for
the martini passionfruit martini looks
amazing
that is here as well we is getting
changed to do know where he is
who died driving that's what they don't
yet we've got some little starts in the
middle
thank you so much thank you whoo dad
it's good I'm just heading onto our
teams now lemonade pop we just went to
got everyone to cocktails eat yeah these
are sayin yeah I've already got double
GND
what about nine minutes to exons or $9
I'm a snob they're like soundcheck and
all of his instruments keyboard his
microphone so
to be 1 meter between dating maybe they
have my favorite offers and around
ah
if each other
Hey
why
like I say stop jumping to marry head oh
my god oh my god
whoa
hey won't you start degree in it
likewise
thank you
okay
