three two one we've got no milk this
morning so can add whipped cream it's
basically the same now I'm going to stir
in so it's basically the same as milk it
will just taste like sugary milk I love
how we haven't got milk but we have got
whipped cream that sums up offering food
that's pretty good currently filling the
car with petrol and I've just remembered
that my am the pro bank cards got
blocked on Friday because I'm kind of 30
pounds deep into petrol and I don't have
any cash on me it's now Tuesday so let's
just flip to that let's hope that
they've been unblocked otherwise I
literally have no idea how I'm going to
pay for this but then what happens what
happens if you fill up your car and then
you realize you forgot your wallet
I mean I'm got my wallet I just think my
bank azar blocks also needs milk I just
get energy from afar
overly not normal oh so that we're done
of it thank you good morning guys good
morning how you doing I'm off to try and
find apparently a healthy food place
around here I just drove into home have
no idea what exactly I there we go over
there that's we're looking for it's like
a fitness healthy food cafe I want to
check out see whether they do any good
breakfast nasty lunch kind of things
that I can get on the way home after the
gym
can we talk about two different things
number one that somehow my card just
worked the woman said oh you have to
sign it and I was at what you mean
society I've never have to sign my card
they do that in America but not in the
UK she said seven times a day or
randomly off the customer to sign
welcome to that pin in so that was lucky
because I was wide that my card wasn't
going to work and number two there's a
bloomin blue sky and Joe's still in
Brighton for the sky so there's so much
food
this place looks and claim I've gone for
a very powerful to take protein salad
that's for my lunch and also some
protein and egg white pancakes
both eyes look at all of this got my
breakfast and my lunch and a protein
shake smoothie you know I said I
accidentally bought that pair of shoes
in the wrong color this this is then you
don't want one of our Russians so much
the other day
all these shoes before they sell out I
didn't even realize that you were meant
to choose what color you wanted them in
and accidentally chose the wrong color
but still love them they're just you are
they're so nice I'm just going to get
them so dirty the four that I love them
then I'm wearing aware or how I'm going
to weigh them I'm going to have to get
some protection after you have to spray
them get more nice on another positive
note I've got my breakfast here
or this is my lunch big old chicken
salad with like eggs and chicken and
vegetables and stuff and this is my or
that looks good protein pancake
breakfast and this is unbelievable
let's give these ago let's see what
we're saying because often with protein
foods they take so fake and protein E
and not actually that good it does this
one the resident just finishing on my
lunch back from the gym just got a
change to them when free cozy clothes
today when contraction Bob we've got a
big old TCS mutant here today or sub
life I think of my life and a big old
club right side from the music very
playfully the speakers which is Justin's
new song Joe's great dancin to it it
will be it with people I met when b-boy
was a think you know much I wanted to be
a b-boy when I was younger I think as I
did gymnastics I was like I reckon I can
do it all no it's ridiculously hard I
want to break down some position yes it
no you did it okay
gonna show us some skills oh that's a
good one that's a good one
yeah the dot rug when was the other way
baby freeze is that one baby freeze they
look like that guy from bloody Family
Guy Joe signing all of the posters over
there
going back up in stock soon and Zoe is
preparing all of this food for the
meeting which looks amazing I'm
literally going to get so told off on
our they're having this song in the
background the whole time yeah you get
so much shuttle
back on the tippin's meeting finish that
was an issue can't fill Zoe or Joe
thereby requiring merchandise there is
an outfit I'm wearing yours enjoy dinars
yeah and we're both back to signing that
meeting like since the last clip there
has been what time did it stop - it's
now 10:00 to 5:00 it's about two hours
in ten to five no it's not 10240 5:33 an
hour oh my god to sign a good mean oh
yeah really productive Department of
Joseph
Cupid ideas your suggestions for new sub
like much wha have a card airplane yeah
like to scoop out the stone yeah
wine rack shoehorn rack and a few one we
do dolls that was my favorite loss to
like Jade music choice he does put on a
calming good you've got little fillies
signing out I know I can tell your day
there's a you got spot on but we can
join again I'll just slow if you go on
to give it they'll see exactly what are
you wearing
make it black and white the minute I've
turned to Joe make it black and white if
you go on to Spotify and on genres and
all that kind of thing your own brooding
dramas go on focus and on beautiful
concentration all the helps concentrate
there you go guys kit tip to Joe and
back to color it's a pepper that's what
I was going to say if there wasn't such
thing as some like merchandise it is
just so a lot of that to Joe you would
get some all 90 X with zoella and your
projects normal like that victims ribs
Arella and you would get the weirdest if
you like the weird end of ebay like
Jeremy like a loon baskets as in my
apply a balloon basket that's out of it
as the kind of stuff you get like garden
tents start to join factor don't you do
name to sit back the lights that you
should do yeah if you can see it face
awful how excited years or so
I like a DIY fashion kit yeah or
sea-monkeys I actually do like to see
monkey die there
do I mean I don't how many of you would
buy some see monkeys having branded each
see monkey is wearing a thug life any
warmers Joe no one wears them anymore
leg warmers I used to love leg warmers
anyway I picked it up because I knew I
knew that Alfie would forget to vlog so
I pick now you've got three minutes of
footage I've got my camera back yeah I
always took up the camera when Alfie
doesn't know you knew I've the black and
white cameras gonna have to come back
out yeah if I'm still going after black
and white side the hoodie oh my it
show me something cool shoes oh yeah
cabbage me I need get look I will swear
converse which a lot of thinking
Ramallah converses I need to broaden my
horizon get some cool funky trainers
from there I'll send you some links yes
see you guys see you later bride is
already good bye I don't film these boys
often so I thought I would sleep in what
give them a good segment in the vlog
today hello boy hey depend on me to beep
in say hello in there hey Percy
a may so I thought I'd let you have here
a little said phone I leave that down
there with you you do some vlogging for
me we'd love to the camera for a bit
thanks for rocking mate I see you again
soon for another segment of Pippin and
Percy vlogs I said Pippin and Percy vote
for them I didn't get it wrong please
scared scared Gilman baby so he just
took not about for a walk with mom and
dad that I stayed in and film two of the
last four app videos and just oh my gosh
I can't tell you why I've had to do this
or what it resembles but I've now got to
carry on all of this all of this
confetti and when I popped the confetti
cannon then this one I went bang not a
ran upstairs and when it got into her
own little bed it's okay yeah it's all
pretty literally she just got home like
one minute go from the walk and then
then it scared her so much you ran
upstairs
shaky though he suggested that we try
laps clearing this up I didn't what we
should do is lay down and make like
confetti angels yeah look common lay
down look at it it looks like a photo
shoot background yeah oh you can't see
you oh wow look at that
it's all going to go my hair like
literally landed on my own eyes three
two one three two one well no it's no
it's literally everywhere you ready
let's hit the time laughs are you
serious
do we forget one one little bring one to
the table that's it we're done
wait that was a four-minute clip I got
know if I got any of mine nice we
haven't had a wagon mummers in so long
I'm so excited
chicken Gozer edamame bang bang
cauliflower salad chocolate cake to
share healthy juice guys I haven't even
vlogs what I'm doing the last clip I was
eatin dinner at my dinner so fast which
was not a good idea what's free who won
who won to me were bad guys playing
racquetball yeah tonight we've got aces
brother Aiden with us and aces cousin
will with us
oh no sorry man we're treading on the
clean floor
got my hairband in and evidence oh my
hair doesn't go in my eyes take this
seriously your neck he's getting your
stretches yeah you warmed up to my last
pair of shorts minute ago my legs as you
sure I got here a little bit late maybe
what do you know
when I'm in the gym all I do is wait
look at my face at the moment look at me
right now
I'm literally dripping with sweat as the
gym all I do is wait for any cardio
we're going you got that okay
oh my god now airing it's going to go
straight it might actually got that whoa
there's so good as I said when I got
there
I had to eat as much of my dinners as
quick as I possibly could because it
arrived so close to the time that I had
to leave to go and meet the others that
I literally didn't even get to eat much
look how much of my main course is left
I'm not any of the sides I just stuffed
my face drank my juice and left before I
smash with this food I'm going to end
the vlog and just going onto my new to
my newest video now and I'm going to
find a shout-out today
you're the likes are killing it
twenty-three thousand likes already
thank you so much guys also the top
comment 1674 thumbs up who else thought
their sound was broken at the start I'm
so used to the music
I completely forgot to add music to the
time-lapse at the beginning completely
forgot
Emily Falcone it's my birthday on
Thursday so can I get a shout out all
your notifications send on for all of
your channels PS I love you Emily happy
birthday for Thursday thank you
verifications turned on and I hope you
have an amazing birthday so many cool
Meg says out this has reminded me to
never wear ripped into the woods
seriously don't
I've still got like red dots all over
money stinging nettles is still itchy
today I was Internet
as always like no don't it's going to
make it worse it's literally it's
literally a bloomin stinging nettle
sting by that's nothing like to get that
all the time when I was a kid but for
some reasons blooming itchy and annoying
right I'm going to end the vlog I need
to eat this food that I've got sitting
here waiting thank you for watching the
video I won at racquetball today man I
paid for it though I was so sweaty and
I've got the gym at 8:30 tomorrow
morning and it's half past 10:00 quarter
to 11:00 now why do I do this to myself
if you've enjoyed the vlog give it a
thumbs up tomorrow I am oh my gosh I'm
doing something so exciting in the
evening I'm not going to say what it is
some of you might know it's happening in
London tomorrow it is something that
I've wanted to do for so many years and
every time I try and do it the tickets
are sold out like tomorrow is happening
my mum and my sister are coming as well
it's going to be incredible it's going
to be so right I feel to my guys thanks
for the lovers always see in the morning
good night
