good morning guys good morning today you
join me and Dave back in the woods look
at this definitely a different woodland
mode ah sing a nettle on the knee how
you doing guys I hope you own a lovely
day
boy look at this little seat with that
view it is I'm so jealous because my
stream dried up and this is the full on
but you could run hydropower through
that that is crazy
lovely you're probably thinking what the
blue Maneka me and dave doing we've just
come out for a little walk
met up we had a drink in the local pub
and now we just just chilling just
chilling out so I say oh my god oh yeah
grab some the garlic and show them this
is wild garlic it doesn't smell too
strong but if you grab it and then sort
of crush it up
it's like proper like you wouldn't help
on a very good you have in the bottom
back now I eat you my knee is now from
hitting that one singer oh really
yeah what a gloomy get start to the day
just like chilling out in the woods like
it seems so random I'm such like a city
boy spending all my time in the city
doing doing everyday things but taking
time out like I don't know it might not
be for you it definitely is for Dave
obviously you guys have seen dead tons
in my vlogs he lives most of the time in
the woods they're taking time out to
just I don't know it's something about
not having phone signal not vlogging
March not being able to check your phone
not being able to do anything other than
be in the moment that is super chilled
super super nice I've got a pretty long
drive home now going to get back and I
think Joe might be arriving any minute
now at our house and I think we're going
to have like a a Sunday roast but not on
a Sunday because it's actually Monday
because it's bank holiday Tracey still
over there is there knowledge there and
then we're going to have like a family
roast with Zoe and her mum and Joe can't
think of anything but it's just started
raining anything better than being
wrapped up inside
Sunday roast also for those wondering I
did hit the gym this morning
8:30 Bank Holiday Monday and if you
wonder in my knee my knees got all
better now twin so bumpy earlier for I
stung it twice in the exact same spot
yeah and what take my big old boots off
so look at these bloomin boots that I
wore in the woods today should we show
these guys what you've done what
something at the woods as I've been
tidying and tidying up idea yeah and
tasty as well she'll enjoy them because
we haven't used that room in months why
are you shy we show them look at this so
we've moved this chest of drawers
because we had a little side table down
here but we never really used it so we
just test the doors there yeah they real
hmm I like these ones what I go to go
Marcy's one knee and then look at this
room now guys we had a lot less charity
a ton we used to have boxes all over
here we're all boxes and stuff that we
didn't know where to put anything all
over there this here is a piece of art
from mum dad poppy and Sean for Zoey's
birthday that we need to pop we ever put
that one up yet and all of this this is
my sofa so this so this circle was from
my old flap and the sofa in there was
from zoara's old flap we always have a
heated discussion about who had the best
sofa I think this is the best one no
this one is the best one
you like that but you can't say no but
you can't say though is anyway because
whenever we ever sat on this one so we
don't give it a chance we used to all
yeah
then we no one gets this one a chance
anymore but now we can all teen with the
area safer it was we used to always
watch TV on there you know fun fact guys
this TV I don't think we've still on a
producer ever because the internet this
TV is virgin and the other TV and there
is sky we still how silly is that
and it's because I face emerging and you
play for sky and when we moved into this
house from both laugh yeah when we moved
into this at war virgin as better
internet but you prefer Sky TV yeah why
I don't even know that does her better
in say it did when we move more taxes
that is that right now it's shop heroes
so no probably not the best isn't it
yeah we should probably look into cancel
in one of them there's so much nicer
this room using this TV in this sofa
when it's sunny then we can just pop out
there got on the trampoline leave all
the doors open and then watch TV all
you're not meant to see them therefore a
secret video sorry not allowed to look
don't look
it's Joe on his way over I told my vlog
that Joe's coming yeah it's in the car
actually I did see smash are mango you
snapchatted Joe says they've never ever
been to Brighton when it's sunny I don't
know how this is literally says every
single time he thumbs like it was such
nice weather a minute ago when I was in
the woods now it's raining and Joe's
about to arrive it's the colour thing
every time you hear a train to the point
where he left one and the Sun came out
after he'd been in the car for like ten
minutes
didn't it soon as he go outside to buy
day
yeah but I think I was talking about it
is making it more into a thing which is
going to make it rain more when you tell
it was just to come aware of it now
that's from the stinging nettles is
still so sore in itchy oh yeah
lene sound like a little piggy bite me
she just won't bite me she know she's
not allowed that that's I've just four
on snapchat and Instagram Instagram
story is asking everybody how I can sort
out my nettle sting without being in the
woods anymore and having ducklings on me
and everybody thank you very much is
tweet and saying on each put vinegar on
it does this one bow summit vinegar do
you think I can stomach vinegar do we
have normal vinegar I bet we don't have
any vinegar we do white wine vinegar
I've got a fish and chip shop so we
don't have any oh that's it there yeah
yeah oh yeah my friend ace are just
Facebook message me saying you're
stinging nettle injury
lick your finger lick your finger and
dip it in bicarbonate of soda and then
rub it on it in circles and I replied
there is no chance I'm trusting you I
bet that'll burn if I swear feels
amazing then leave it trust me I'm going
to go with what everybody is saying on
Twitter which is vinegar so I just got
myself some tissue and pour some vinegar
on it you hide you hide I think it's
like film la ray are you there yes
that's that you know I've been saying
about this Easter video this special
Easter surprise but I haven't managed to
do even though it's way bossy so I'm
going to do it soon and then from Joe's
reaction to seeing it I will do the soup
video the book don't say what you're
seeing
no oh boy good
Jerry bit your tongue out Joe and Zoe
have hundreds and hundreds of these to
sign you guys and I've got hundreds and
hundreds of book plates to sign out here
pages of my new book here we go
though does this candle matter much do
you care about this candle can I try and
see if this will put it out look at the
old train we've got going over here guys
Jesse James day you choose I - okay look
finally Monday little do you know my
mom's doing it home um watching just a
two of us Charlotte Crosby's newest TV
show what are these cherry sod so he's
made some churros
oh my god guys check out the size of
this blueberry so this is a normal one
here look at this one that is insane
ah it's so soft our good one I'm going
to do the shutter today now before I
forget and go to sleep I'm just reading
through all my comments at the moment
today's notification shall I go sleep
guitar e thank you for having me
notifications turned on from going
upstairs for oh good I don't know if
I've told any of you guys but Joe's got
his own room at our house we've never
shown anyone before but oh yeah the port
was actually broken they've never seen
this room this is Joe's very own room in
an alley for Janice yes
Oh lovely
secret room what is it like at all -
neckerchief look at kind of is like one
of those little pockets where's the Jim
Chapman house I can turn my head and
Jackie coach other look they can happy
but that's a small thing oh thanks it's
good you have to put this on because
okay yeah oh yeah don't wake up the
crack of dawn anyway yeah you're coming
to the gym tomorrow morning on yay
got it good look at the mix that's a
nice bed oh yeah this is explained with
Mike I had this bed for like three years
literally three years okay claps
Midnighters no no never either oh my god
secret stuff always others terrified and
that's our kids rub
no one can see that house in the trailer
to the film the remake of it yeah yeah
yeah yeah can see that um and me and mum
were getting out of getting it ready
suggest all people are annoyed annoyed
with me and your mom in the comment why
because leave my mom alone in
yesterday's vlog I said we're hanging
out with my family and Tracy people are
not happy that I said and Tracy I know
they're like many she is family we run
about so my friend in only one your
family and Tracy day the game today like
she's your family do you feel like
basically over sleep slumber party yeah
yeah we have a sleepover nice so I'm
sorry if I offended you guys Wow lovely
Tracy is part of my family and can I
just would everything how often so I
wanted to say that she was there as well
as an addition special guest
nobody else got a name to set from Tracy
to me and mum was coming this hour who's
your mum and then we realize it when
they delivered it okay let's start again
everyone's already confused Zoe's had
this so this is like this is a normal
sofa though he's had it for three years
right yes
they put it together for me yeah all
done madam it's ready to go
three years later were using the sofa
bed and they lied to me yeah it's our
fault for not checking for three years
so there's no legs here so now look to
hold it up so all your weight is going
to be in a couple of books mate that's
fine
how am I gonna get the next maillot mom
in your three years too late should have
known straightaway hey do you still make
that sofa bed from three years ago take
the lens cap off let's go go make with
us go oh wait we have our game have you
got a session yeah things I've put the
highest okay gosh you're all get him in
the photo three two one
say dick cheese Dickie oh that was that
no flash what the flash lights on though
you tucked up in your bed your cozy the
night see in the morning time for me to
do my teeth put my braces in and get
some sleep
if you've enjoyed the blog you know what
to do give it a thumbs up do all the
nice stuff
okay
