do one more nut thank you
I haven't even eaten anything yet today
this is this is my first drink or food
of the day gin and tonic we've all just
got normal like oh she ones over there
we've all just got normal little drinks
like some raspberry kind of they're
lovely
that's walked off and come back with
bloomin coconut you gotta go kokin arm
functional cannon a rum coconut
cannonball
today you join us we are current
literally the entire family all of us
and Tracey
we're the Brighton Food Festival down on
the beach and it is like absolutely
packed this is the third year we've been
in a row did you see that Frenchie did
you see that I always guys it is so so
visible and I haven't had breakfast and
that anything to eat so far because I
want to do a lap around the whole place
before I stop I'll commit to one if I
eat something and then I see something
better afterwards I'm going to be gutted
so I want to book a whole lap around the
place and then besides maybe a hotdog or
burger I don't have good the audios
going to be of this blog because I've
got no little wind protection on the top
and because we're down by the beach it
is so so windy Shaun's looking at a
Tesla at the moment did you buy one
couple of couple of testers you know but
are you bought 206 right thank you
thanks man look on the right tape in
that's it hold on this guy's going to
try okay
yeah try to end one there
this guy's destroyed is it meant to be
hot that he tries it is literally like
eating that yeah I knew got that you got
that noemi's going to try it as well - I
wanted a nothing yeah or a little wooden
stick cause that's the hottest rod gods
gone by the calamari bar this is my
favorite thank you so much
your ha Oh Shona Poppaea winning look at
that
that's what - hot dog so he's just asked
me Zoe's in the queue to get euros
Zoe's in the queue to get euros and I
said while she's in a queue I'll come
and join disc you to get her a hot hot
there is doubling up thank you
what we got it's a truffle burger it's
raining so much now we're at home we've
all eaten a ton of food a ton of really
really good food shall I take there's a
Food Festival but we're heading back now
we've just got home that was amazing
like absolutely amazing if you have not
been before there were certain people
that were there and bumped into Zoe and
I and said that the only reason they
were there is because they've seen
enough
what is that bit of hair do it the scene
in our vlogs like last year and the year
before how good it looked we haven't
been before you need to go next year
it's really really cool just making
myself and Tracy a copy and the need to
uploading the vlog it's half past three
I'm Ed sudol this morning before we left
such a shame that it started raining
we've got some games that were taken
over to Mum and dad's to play we're
going to have like a game tonight
what trial my nose one of the new ones
we've got this that you've all seen us
play and videos before but I haven't
played it in years and I bought this the
other day and then we've got this not
another new one called lattice which is
really really cool so we're going to
take those over to mom and dad's
probably and Sean are going to join us
I'm just kind of a middle game's evening
we go see buddy boy yeah wake up guys
wake up Sean's been sending us videos
that everyone else was asleep where's
dad hello buzzy boy hello mate gloomy a
neck these are our snacks obvious bought
her own snacks yeah yes did you or did
you not bring them did you or did you
not bring them from home No
I mean let's not go poppy and Shawn
secret twins let me try this red white
roses three one's actually pretty good
okay all right
game number one mum's going to love this
one
what that means in Belize Papi's gonna
love this one
okay so this is the game we have this
balloon here put all of these and all
the holes until they click once everyone
stop putting them in so you roll the die
the race you have to click any of them
in three times you can choose which one
one yeah one of them three times only
one of them because everyone three one
please
no one click hey nine-one-one that's not
why I did y k3 oh mama can come up guys
your dad mum drink that's the worst you
can get
yeah no no 361 no the same one do one
more not all right my boy oh my gosh
look at that
Shirley is just gonna fumble oh that's
our point you want bring it back one two
three Oh very sad
you may get one two or three to gain my
opinion should be another - no not yet
carry on
no it didn't be one one go hey Bobby sky
no god you have to do at me like a
Hamid not that will you definitely don't
do that one part okay hold on to it one
Oh means you get two people two dads go
Kevin
one hey no you did not find my go you
have to what love you it's over through
yeah
three months ago I won I think the
bottom ones are good that one hasn't
done any other things doing that one yet
to my life indicators which are da da da
da da pushing twist
your Naima I use the
Mandy on to more maybe less that one
teach about Tracy
one one one
I honestly don't know where to super
cool
I know it's missing one seeing my
children on the playground come on
go gone Bobby roll out hope you try and
Facebook know what you looking at once
you go out looking in the eye push it
into like a whole hip-hop why you twist
to push yet
look at this mom and daddy got little
pictures I haven't seen this in ages
me and che Marcus Louie Zoe that's
making me shine load of paperwork some
ovaries I have no idea what it is I'm
signing my life away
I'm signing in my will that everything
is yours
you've given me power of attorney so I
can take over your food no I'm done I've
already signed in my will you know dumb
I will if you go work giving evidence
nala everywhere
goodbye buzzy boy I'll see you soon mate
I see in a couple of days then my vest
is a little bit too exposing guys just
remembered
oh and literally look summer tops fallen
apart kind of just remembered that I've
got the oh that I've got the gym
tomorrow morning at a half past eight
bank holiday Monday half-past a getting
up early hitting the gym for the gym I
need to do something I need to shout out
one of you guys where's my notifications
on and that goes today's underscore
dream on Twitter
thank you for my notifications turned on
if you haven't already subscribe Timon
education Zahn and once a good night and
say good night to everyone is that you
saying good night see in the warden
