we get you up sick morning to everyone
lychee like she's dead
she does like a pig my camera whether
ohm going up the chops
what should little cook let's see you
have 10 seconds to try my carry-on go
you did it he did it
yeah am I done good good
six five four two or three don't to know
I should just yawned with you oh now
she's good I think I can make sure you
on again now though no no she'll just
sleep alright let's get up
I really struggle to think of bother I
put my hair like clicked that today too
and when I used to wear one of these I'm
not growing my hair right long again I
just can't be bought to do my hair and I
was out right I'm just going to get it
out the way I struggle to think of good
healthy breakfast options I usually go
for scrambled eggs with salmon or
scrambled eggs with like spinach or
broccoli or something like that but they
don't feel like scrambled eggs so I've
kind of gone for a chocolate banana
corner yogurt which is delicious but it
certainly ain't healthy
I'm not trying to be healthy like every
single meal like I'm more than happy to
have like occasional bad meals and stuff
and takeaways and things but just
overall as I'm working out so often now
like four or five times a week I
obviously want to try and eat a bit
healthier to make my results better
we've also got this up little coffee
actually a big coffee it's really full
I'm going also for my changed Grace's I
change to a new set of braces and I've
been rubbing on my cheek and I've got
like the worst office it's like a whole
my cheek and that yogurt oh my gosh that
was not good
today we're heading off to quite a run
interested in Tracy's or his mum still
over here at the moment and Steph in the
next couple of days and I think Joe's
coming over as well I'm like Monday or
something I might be wrong he changes
his plans in this diary all the time but
I think he's coming over on Monday but
today today we're going over to my mum's
pop like a gardening club I don't really
know what they do a second gardening and
talk and have coffee and considering at
me sure
yo yo you still really get mad when you
just wake up like half twelve one and
then I woke up at 11:00 you slept for 11
hours like a cat better than it - how do
I explain where we are wait like a
thanks for guarding yes my mom works in
my care at this garden yes not his work
my mum volunteers to help do this garden
just like once or twice a week she comes
and like flowers the garden does what
the bed doesn't yeah it's like a garden
group that you come and you learn you
get educated about garden end and this
here is amazing God and this is the
place in social bigger men got chickens
as well look at the little chicken in
there oh it does multiple
yeah these look cool
just after I talk about healthy
breakfast this morning
look what I've got I'm gonna manage
three all that well yes just for me I've
got to respect this place and not film
too much look at it it's amazing I want
to get a chicken can we get a chicken I
want to get a chicken moment brie I'm a
donkey surely we can get a chicken
I don't really have much of a garden so
poor people in success selling those of
really cute little plants I think it's
all for charity
yeah my mum who mom's buying plants your
mom's violence
cake this house is all so cute all just
painted different colors my camera woman
today you imagine if I have you judge me
for a day oh my god we should do that
so I vlog but you have to film all of
that I think I just have to follow you
around with a camera roll yeah hi mum
this is it
is your plant you just hear more the
clips for me your lovely little uranium
Fenian presented Terranea Resort come
come on then yeah Peron
for weird like you coordination where
like a need to like walk around give me
a ride and I think I should do this for
a day like you but you get to choose
when I'm at Winterfell
yeah not you so unless I sitting on the
sofa like ETA and that's something that
I wouldn't normally fail and then you
just like stop filming I wonder I should
edit it too
I think I should be allowed to edit it
so a film is not love what are you doing
what are you doing now lookin for
somethin to eat so look at all that had
all day in one of your banana and
chocolate your lips and a cake on a coke
it's not that healthy is it'll actually
go and get some food
oh why don't you make something we don't
have anything there's a piece of chicken
I think did we say that yet cut that up
put that in some pasta bottom couscous
or quinoa oh my god by smoky foods that
we've got some chicken better than a
subway for example this randomly this
looks like Hector food that would be
bigger than that oh my god it is it is
really tasty you can have that with like
a salad like a quinoa oh we're a lovely
room so you have some flavor eating some
natural yoghurt blueberries and chicken
great selection name is Matt I want to
prove your winner testers have my
Thurman axe this episode's boss my wing
search this episode yeah these episodes
now there's not daily blogs this is like
I feel I got a camera woman now yeah
doctor or not please tell me you twist
it oh my god that looks like the perfect
avocado look at that q.what some
avocados I can I've got a scoop that
device that you can get to scoop out the
other driver yeah and then
Wow Oh a missus I was watching here I
think I was too high do you miss a shot
because I was watching in real life I
wasn't looking at the actual it'll
really be my life
the versus saying yes to Phil girl I
wanted in a 3 y bake the careful with
that just pull out cuz this oh wow al
hey we got millions out feed lunch
everybody over and Hector's place I mean
quite a drive through though yeah mums
looking at not going light not a happy
to say no to the other boat captain who
is it who is it who's that boy give me
that give me that boy yeah yeah that's
what this you got it Oh what's the
matter who's the master may yeah it's
any little Spade sunny likkle Spade we
just finished filming no back in they
gets so excited when they're together
we just finished I can't look at myself
in the camera vouch thinking I look
bored we just finished filming hello
mate hello hello ah I'll just press my
ear so hard into the pillow a new Sims
episode 2 got tonight which was
yesterday for you guys there's a
blooming long one we ended up filming
for like 40 minutes or something so I
hope you enjoyed that if you saw it
something very very big happened in the
episode which we were not planning we
didn't think it was going to happen in
that
so but it did so if you haven't seen it
already then kiss down below and I love
hum promoting it you haven't even edit
it yet this is what happens when you're
a daily vlogger you miss out on things
I'm currently sitting inside editing The
Sims which is going to take ages
entering the dead bulb which is going to
take ages and Zoe and Tracy have jumped
in the car and they're going off out
together to go and enjoy go and enjoy
the Sun and instead of me going to hang
out with them and having fun I mean I'm
inside editing let's sit down for a
second just was everyone still out and
I'm waiting for Sims to explore I just
tweeted saying chucking in a little Q&A
into today's vlog whilst waiting for the
sims to explore ask me any question
you've ever wanted to know and I'm just
going to sit here live now straight up
read the replies let's see what's coming
in hopefully there's some good ones that
are like things that you guys probably
want to know and I've just never
answered do you ever feel pressured to
upload daily and always be doing
something no yeah of course I do like as
much as I tell myself and as much as I
want to be saying I film every single
day of my life if I have a boring day
and I say that and I tell myself that
and I tell you guys that if I have a
boring day like that that's all I can
give you kind of thing I can't give you
something because I've spent a lot of
time doing stuff that I'm not allowed to
film after working on projects that come
out in the future
but I still do feel a lot of pressure to
be doing stuff that's new this is
exciting but then at the same time I'm
telling myself like no daily blog engine
for me the tons of different ways that
some people upload pranks every day and
that's their daily vlog some people
upload crazy challenges within their
blogs every single day that's great
challenges are things for me I've really
really trying
I tell myself I try and just fill my day
and that is it and if I have a slow day
absolutely I have an amazing to have an
amazing day but of course when I'm
having like a more slow day or days
where I'm not allowed to film stuff that
I'm doing it is so hard to not go no I
can't do it I'm a daily vlogger I need
to make a fun video for my audience
scrap all of the medians cancel
everything I'm not doing the new book
because
that means that I'm gonna have to do
meetings and working the stuff that I
can't film and I need to film because
that's my job and that for me is the
difficult bit because there is so much
inside me that wants to say no I want to
film everything and if I can't feel that
I'm not doing it but that's not real
life there are things happen in life
like funerals being ill going to
meetings
tons of different stuff working on
things that I'm not allowed to film and
that's just is what it is and there's
not much I can do and I know that there
are some people out there that they
somehow I don't know how some daily
bloggers manage to fit like doing their
washing cleaning their house like I
don't know how people fit it into their
life like going to get their car washed
even at your time the other day you're
really in this room you're my water
looks like gross look at all of the
pressure is from myself on myself but I
do put pressure myself to want to make
something exciting every day but that's
not the reality that's not real life I
just I can't do that what kept you jeez
these are all about vlogging what kept
you making videos for so long I think
it's just the fun of it I can genuinely
love it so much and if I ever got to the
point where I didn't like it because
chat chatting somebody's everday so do
you still enjoy it now of course I was I
wouldn't do it like it's as simple as
that like for me the message that I try
and promote you guys in this vlog every
single day is do everything you possibly
can in life to get a job that you enjoy
and that is there and if I didn't enjoy
belonging I wouldn't be doing it as my
job like I would just I would stop I
enjoy I think I think definitely over
time and as I grow older and older
things will adapt and I'll make
different style of videos but right now
I love it
but I really really do I think that's
what's kept me going for so long do you
have any advice for getting over
somebody wow that's deep I'm guessing
this is in the terms of a relationship
like a boyfriend or a girlfriend or a
partner rather than getting over a
friend I'm just going to assume you mean
in a relationship my advice I mean as
you knows I have only been with one girl
for I've only had one girl from before
Zoey and I was like 15 when I was with
her so I was like I'll be there for a
year it's a proper relationship but but
we were young so well
anything like and then like what so Ania
like now but my advice my advice for
getting over somebody I guess it would
just be keeping yourself busy keeping
yourself surrounded with people that
love you and care for you no matter what
mood you're in no matter what you do it
because you don't want to be left
feeling alone you definitely don't if
you're if you're getting over somebody
it's not even getting over if you're
experiencing that feeling the last thing
you want to do is feel like you're on
your own
and you're not there are millions like
billions of people feeling those
feelings that you're feeling and they
just make sure you're surrounding
yourself or friends going to the cinema
going to town doing whatever you love
doing make sure that you're doing those
things as often as possible just to keep
your brain occupied whilst you're going
through that hard time but also you've
just got to remind yourself that then
it's part of the growing process that
this isn't going to last ever this is
going to bet you as a person and and
everyone feels it everyone feels that in
their life will you be making new videos
in your office on your main YouTube
channel I think that this is my main
youtube channel for sure because upload
so much fun here but if you don't what I
mean is my pointlessblog youtube channel
which is where you shop no one video a
week on there but I kind of haven't
uploaded I don't even know I'm smiling
it's not funny I haven't uploaded like
four or five months on there now I'm
definitely going to start using it again
I don't know what kind of videos I want
to make on that yeah I've got a couple
of different things planned but I
haven't so I filmed one video for it I
filmed I filmed it a while ago
I don't know when it's going to go up or
anything because I don't want to upload
one video and then I am going to upload
on it again
I'm not only too sure when but I want to
make sure that I are hundreds that love
the videos that I'm making on there
that's the goal I'm only going to come
back on that channel when I know that I
can stick to it and I really really
enjoy making those videos do I sleep
naked I don't I find sleeping naked
really uncomfortable like I don't know
why not uncomfortable that's not the
right word I find it I'm just not used
to it I find it weird I've tried it but
it's not for me I always sleep in my own
and I don't sleep in pajamas either I
get way too hot I feel like I'm fully
dressed if I'm sleeping in pajamas so
for me I just sleep just sleep in my
boxers let's do one more question I want
something really saucy something that
you guys really really want to want to
know the answers to I don't know there's
so many coming in it's literally hard
coming down below now if you've got a
question make them as interesting as
like all can you even ask that as
possible that kind of like ask me
anything down below in the comments know
or maybe you like to have a segment in
another couple of days anyways that's
the end of this little segment sure when
in santa day a bit naughty and he bought
us a pair of shoes for one for me and
one for him try them on buddy
I've ordered these in white and they're
coming nicely like tomorrow probably
probably Monday or Tuesday he wanted
isn't it yeah stop now so basically I
kind of messed up I wanted this color
and I'm like these are the kind of shoes
that sell out in like a second and I
rushed so much order them off my phone
while I was in the gym didn't even have
my wallet on me and I just guessed my
credit card details got it right and
then when I got the confirmation emails
like congratulations you ordered the
white pair I mean I love the white there
and it's under I loved the white hair
but they're white so I'm a little bit
worried but Sherwin it sounded and
somehow how do they even have this last
you've had the last two pairs so I've
got the size down yeah there were some
talking about oh my gosh I'm so excited
to actually they're this so comfortable
done pack yeah the console the why are
they they should be arriving next couple
of days but I need to be careful with
those white ones need to put some crap
protector on them and TechNet bad boy
hell yeah yeah
such a lovely evening we've just come
out for a walk the entire family even
papi and Shana here they're awake still
jet-lagged as heck but they are awake
this is like Tracy was oh he got
probably what Shawn mum and dad are here
as well just walking through the
countryside we drive like half an hour
away to a place that we've never been
before we're just walking on a little
public but not yeah can smell garlic oh
my gosh yeah did it go out to garlic no
but that is wild garlic so they put the
flowers and the leaves into salad you
know I want to go and see the stream
where's your God he's run off somewhere
I love this fit looks so cool look at
the little river he's going bad my gone
and I trying to we're trying to get
across here once that little island over
there he's going back you go that way
you go first mate no I suppose stray in
I've got my phone on me and my camera
the only thing is you need to hold on to
whilst doing it is that an incentive
that oh man I feel this just sketch it
what onto my hand yeah that will break
and then I've got you if you need it I
want to see if this is that process lift
it all nice like that yeah but just
careful but you've got nothing to hold
onto
yeah Oh Sydney I'm going swimming if I
don't really you're going to climb up
yeah how are you going to get that other
side boy we didn't think about the other
side
Wow
I told you that's my head I told you the
reason why we're trying to do this is
because this but here doesn't look like
it but it's an island and over there is
a proper big river on the other side so
we're trying to get across onto the
island to see the big river we haven't
been successful we're gonna ah
come back another day we're going to
come back another day with even a little
ladder a little bridge or a rubber
dinghy the any vegetable canoe we could
have a race oh my gosh than the way
everyone else has gone I can see the
back of Shawn in the distance but I
don't know anyone else is the doggies
where's the other one
oh I can't watch in Brisbane talent
would Nala we're just sitting down and
I'm about to just just about start
making the new Sims thumb now and get
the Sims uploading Sims is uploading I'm
just running out now because because
we've just ordered something that I
haven't actually had in months
this is what I'm talking about I'm
honestly so excited we got the good we
got all the good it does sleepy she is
been playing a puzzle day you know I've
not one of these let you don't with the
last time we had one of these yeah
though I require is so cute to play in
the evening now I think it's about 12
o'clock midnight so many people special
dollars also in cross the surprise I try
to develop a bit like II do what the TV
is so loud
I've you've enjoyed it if you have give
it a thumbs up as always I would do the
shout out of the day now for my phone is
dead like it's run out of charge so
today one can say the name of the person
who gets the shout out
but today shadow the day goes to this
person thank you so much
it's quite a few already and I see
tomorrow all remember those new Sims
that went up as well uneasily kappa good
night good night good night
