if you've been waiting for that sign for
that nudge that thing to tell you to do
the thing that you want to do but you've
been putting off but you can't be
bothered to do it but yeah you're scared
to start this is that sign whether it's
starting a new company whether it's
revising in school and you've been
putting it off and off today is the day
that you start today is the day that you
begin that journey and you make those
dreams possible as big or as little as
they are today this right now is that
message on you to do it don't put it off
to tomorrow nobody knows what tomorrow
brings the only thing we know and we can
know is now in this very moment so this
this is your message I feel like I'm
like 13 reasons why this this is your
tape but seriously this is it this is
the message this is the thing that is
telling you to do that thing that you've
always wanted to do to start that
journey this is it good morning guys
good morning how you doing you join me
down on the beach look at this sand
where you live you may be used to sand
you're probably thinking I outfit a
little bit of sand calm down but if I
walk over here this this is what right
and beaches like stones completely all
of this is like sand and the Sun has
been like out beaming on my face like
super nice and lovely and I've just been
on FaceTime to papi whilst like that Y
like chillin chillin in the sand chillin
sitting on the sand and just relaxing
if you saw yesterday's vlog you'll know
that I went to the gym and then I took
some time out to just walk along the
beach it was a different Beach is way
way way further up like way over there
in the distance and it was so relaxing
and nice and calm so I thought over them
thought I'd do the same today take some
time at our summers dogs obviously plug
a hole so I then take some time out this
morning to do the same to come down have
a little sit down on the beach and just
just relax I'm not sure how well you can
see but over there those people are
getting into swimming clothes to go into
the sea they are crazy don't get me
wrong it's a lovely day but the water is
going to be freezing absolutely freezing
this is what missing out on guys
chicken alex normally it looks amazing
and you'll really come a little ways why
was all we're still men no but
cauliflower you're not doing it any
favours cauliflower cheese if you don't
already why do i is it like a song today
it's turning out backwards it makes a
difference you know piece of cauliflower
oh yeah
anyways breaded chicken cauliflower
cheese which will be delicious and of
course of course tons of different
veggies after that delicious we should
say you are today except you've logged
traces here at the moment varies mum how
busy is today Ben I'm scared of one to
ten how stressful was today though from
a scale of one to ten I honestly can we
just say the record
this is just my stressful my stress
level so far this year comes a good
meeting zone going good that time when
it's all been revealed what so stressful
you can look back on this video Zoe and
just know everything was going to be
okay
okay that's the second time in like ten
minutes I've crushed I was hearing
though it is have gone really saw the
guide you don't take a week for them to
like what done I'm taking this to the
bin and this to be washed and is there's
no way the guy did say that it would
take a week for your ears to swell and
those ears have started to swell nicely
like we Eddie by a literally is that my
note doesn't hurt talk I don't know why
I don't if that's a good sign or not but
like a good sign I mean I feel like it
is but I'm scared that it's tricking me
and it's it's not hurting it all all
something exciting there but I can't
show you exactly what Sonali needs to go
to the toilet coming in let's take you
outside I see a couple of comments today
and not many literally a couple of
people being like Alfie if you're so
busy this week I'll know if water is
coming on the trampoline if you're so
busy this week why are you still
deciding to vlog why don't you just take
the week off but I've said this a couple
of times my folks recently
how are you barking her she's really
barking at nothing you're a nutter I've
said this a couple of times in my vlogs
oh I think it might be me balancing I
want to vlog every day no matter how
busy I am no matter how free I am no
matter how much fun I'm having I'm gonna
vlog every single day because that's
what I do that's that's what this
channel is about in some days you can
have busy days some days you can have
numbers
sometimes you can have crazy days where
do ridiculous stuff with friends and
family and some days you might even get
me a limb bed vlog in chatting about
random rubbish that is what this channel
is about it's my whole life
and as humans sometimes we're busy
sometimes we're not this week is a very
very busy week okay I'm going to give
you a treat this week is very very busy
but it will end and we're going to get
back to normal soon pop in Sean they've
arrived back from New York which is
exciting
there we go Missy can't wait to see
those guys and called poppy this morning
or like order plus ten I'll gonna reach
in the car and I was like probably I
love Ben why because they don't realize
how many times you have to restart oh my
dog no it's because I said I FaceTime
coffee but I didn't FaceTime popping
because you can't face time when you're
driving what I did is I called out
through the speaker in my car but I
didn't won't even think of space unless
driving but the class illegal and I
didn't do that but yeah so it's Robbie
this morning I think I woke up and I
quarter past ten and she literally was
like this the whole time she latest I am
New York time obviously she's still not
in New York but like jet lag um so I got
this morning Haley didn't know either
Kipling
there we go
I've just left the house to come and
meet some school friends a apart which
I've never had to been to before if
you're new to Brighton I thought I'd
show you this over here look how crazy
this is this is called the pavilion and
I believe don't correct me on this I
believe it was a house built for like a
king or a prince and this was this
holiday home the mould Republican
theatre your this looks cool pressure on
the philosophy is not going to get
literally part and I hope you enjoyed
the video guys I didn't film anything
else because I was literally just
chatting catching up with school friends
and I wasn't I wasn't even drinking
literally I had three drinks and every
single one was a lime soda a fresh lime
soda so literally just soda water would
squeeze lime in it that was it that's
all I drank this evening I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did or one each
one one of you guys I need to find the
notification shout out the day every
single day as you know I shout out one
of you guys who have my notifications
turned on so subscribe turn
manifestations on fuzzy boy you snoring
down there right today's shout-out goes
to SAP and her Twitter name is Suggs and
PB pugs what women name if you enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up doing the
nice stuff you guys know what I do
subscribe to or I've got a dog on mate
oh my god
I'll see you to morrow 5 p.m. good night
