good morning guys good morning how you
doing I'm feeling feeling blooming if it
was like a Friday to me although it's
not a Friday it's currently pretty sure
it's Thursday the phone doesn't say I'm
pretty sure it's Thursday it's Friday
for you watching this drinking up a
vanilla protein shake after the gym and
I've just driven to a car wash because
when I was getting back in the car after
the gym I realized how dirty our car is
like I'm going to Washington so long
it's all clean on the inside but the
outside of it yeah the outside is not
good it's dirty as heck I've just driven
to my favorite car wash inviting it
actually it's not even invited it's just
outside of Brighton I thought it was a
lot closer to my gym than what it
actually was but it's just taken me 15
minutes to drive here which is fine
I am I just thought it was like five
minutes away or not even that and I also
went the wrong way I drove past it then
had to pull over get my phone out search
where it was and anyways I'm here now
I'm about to go through a car wash I'm
super excited because I love going
through carwashes and my car's going to
be all clean and shiny afterwards and
let's just hope of got enough money on
me I've got 20 pounds cash and am and my
card hopefully they take card and call
me more than 20 pounds Oh lemon Eck
there's five or six cars in the queue
we've currently got a car inside there
another car there another car there and
another car here we've got the gray
whale is three pound 95 the blue whale
or orange whale the killer whale that's
what I'm talking about eight pound 54
the killer whale pre-wash traffic film
remover will clean up wash will wash
cold wax hot wax under body wash under
body wax protection and a buff and
polish I didn't even know there was that
many options I was just going to drive
my car in and just say hey can I am can
I pay you to wash my car how you doing
yeah good hell yeah which one should I
get the killer whale it should be
perfect
thank you thank you so much I just feel
really awkward now I know waiter look
I've just got two guys washing my heart
and I'm just saying what I feel like I
should help them out then I should be
getting involved I'm just starting of
watching them do the work
oh they want me to move forward here we
go oh please don't clap my window please
don't clap my window imagine of this
much more window or something when I was
a kid I used to love doing this you for
your hand on here and you can clearly
see this is actually so loud this is
already looking clean this coming up
here this is what I need in the morning
when I get out the shower it's like a
massive air dryer
we've got the big blue ones coming in to
puff up the car make it all nice and
shiny are you currently seeing the
camera this is like sharp detail the
pills I need to put the camera dad about
to push my car out I'm still in neutral
or especially made just push me out I'm
rolling let's get out and see what we're
saying about the car
oi that is one clean car that's what I'm
talking about
look at that boy thank you so much
cheers guys thank you I know no one can
hear me but says thank you anyone I'm
turning my hat straight around because
I've been getting so much stick I've
been getting so much stick on Twitter
for in a vlog the other day I have my
hat backwards and I was like guys it's
so exciting I can barely open my eyes
and all of the comments all of my tweets
have been slayed to me been Alfia
wearing a bloody hat this cat bit is to
block the Sun yet you've got it
backwards complaining that the Sun is in
your eyes I don't know anyways I had it
the right way now are you happy just
come for a little little walk my nips
are probably going to be out because
this vest is super loose and they're the
wish is flowing I just got chatting to
one of your guys mums shoes are oh my
gosh is you my daughters or obsessive
you we watch all yourself together I've
seen so many hours of your stuff took
the daughters are watching and it was
your mum I met you have a lovely mouth
congratulations
just come for a little walk no
particular reason you know no purpose
supper then to come to a quiet spot with
nobody around just chill just sit down
have a little something maybe on this
bill
oh my gosh this is actually so nice this
is I could legit I don't know why I'm
laying on the word I think it's just the
wood is really warm is I soaked up the
Sun I could legit fall asleep right now
on here like I'm going to try not to
because so don't want to fall off and
also get one someone
in particular I think that guys sleep on
the beach volition is lovely I sit down
here is where it's going to block the
wind oh my gosh
this is so nice you're probably watching
this then canal fia's lost eft you sat
on a beach by himself I haven't it's
just so lovely calm and peaceful got the
trickling water look just listen it's
like one of those apps most nights when
we're going to sleep Zoey and I will
listen to like a podcast or like a
calming app or sometimes calming apps
that just don't even have speech they
just have like noises so it'd be like
the noise of the rainforest or the noise
of the ocean and it's just super super
relaxing and sitting here now it's
literally like that but there's no one
else around it's just dead quiet and
just sitting here
don't get back into the gaff get back
home get editing yesterday's vlog
Eastern breakfast eat some lunch juice
not even 11 o'clock in the morning and
I've done so much I just remembered I
had this in my pocket for a time-lapse
this is like more or less an egg timer
and it gradually turns as you're doing a
time-lapse so that the time that can
start here and go like this over the
course of like 15 minutes 30 minutes 45
minutes or 60 minutes so I could have
set that up and got like a really nice
like hmm
time-lapse put the little egg timer
thing on the car I'm going to put you
guys on the bonnet here and do a little
time lapse hopefully hopefully this
doesn't scratch the bonnet of the car
just got home and I've got the most
incredible looking salmon salad I just
cooked up the salmon myself but I didn't
make the salad the fella got to leave it
to the house but oh my gosh
check this look up big that portion is
as well I don't even know what all of it
is not too sure it just looks amazing
I've been filming these special videos
that app ones for the new book and edges
in them all day the time I don't even
know when I last vlog I was on the vlog
this morning like putting so much time
and effort into filming a lot and
getting cool shots and stuff for you
it's currently night like literally 9
o'clock exactly in the evening I'm
meeting my friend ASA to go to go play
racquetball with him at 9:15 the only
issues that my racquet balls and my
racquetball racquets are basically all
the equipment you need is in the cart
the Range Rover and though he's taking
the Range Rover to my parents so so I
don't really know what to do I could go
in my Audi but then I kind of don't have
anything to play with so I can't go my
Audi though is just left my mum and dads
now and what we
back any minute I've even I've got
dressed got back into like shorts and or
gym clothes and everything against got
the front door open just waiting now for
her and Allah to come back any second
oh here they are here they are then
leave the gate to them we got the car we
got the car
we've got older the racquetball stuff
and apparently there's all sweets in
here from America from poppy and chunk
they've been in New York I was so proven
happy oh my gosh yourself at least a
little time lapse this is going to be
really good I'm cutting the camera we've
got red already yeah - one against two
me a little stitch not my rib feels like
it's going to fall off my body there is
only one thing that I want to do right
now and that is getting to bed carry on
working on the new book of all time I
just got into bed where I'm not actually
allowed to end the vlog anymore no more
vlogging in bed but you weren't in bed
so you never know that's okay I'm just
going to end it just now I wasn't going
to end it in bed when I come a battery
ran out of charge I just got a new one
which was next little bit basically just
going to bed bought in the ice cream do
you want any although you can end up
eating it all I bought you a spoon so
I've got an got the ice cream here and
I've got tons and tons of paperwork to
go through for the new book so he's
watching the first is this the first
season the third series of the only way
is Essex and that's not my cup of tea so
I'm definitely not going to
procrastinate I'm just gonna get going
with this so I hope you've enjoyed the
vlog if you have give it a big ol thumbs
up to let me know subscribe do all the
nice things leave some lovely comments a
one squash
although we're going to go again soon it
was only to one to me so we're going to
keep the score system going and play and
play and play and make it into that into
a regular thing I probably have a shower
as well after playing actually it was so
sweaty and I've got the gym early in the
morning catching the morning can that
guys see you tomorrow 5 p.m. UK time
