Oh Oh
so I got me excited they're living AG
that was crazy
Hey
good morning guys good morning hey I
feel very high up but my hair is
touching the roof I need to adjust the
chair hope you're having a lovely day
this morning I've noticed that you know
I had those red patches in my stubble
like a couple of weeks ago it's now
transferred to my blooming eyebrow I've
got a red patch here right in between my
eyebrows great exactly what you want
when you film your life random road
package appearing on your head and today
I'm off to try and get this camera fixed
if you saw the vlog clip the other day I
stupidly decided to fill myself in the
shower not that kind of filming just
from right here and above with this
camera and still till today
it just won't focus like it's broken I
don't know whether that's the body of
the camera or whether that's the lens
hopefully it's the cheaper one of the
two or hopefully they can like take it
apart and like clean it or something I
don't know I'm gonna go to a camera shop
see if I can get something fixed because
I love that camera there's also
something super exciting happening in my
gym today you'll see later on tonight
we got some good news the camera body
still works perfect the lens is weirdly
not working you don't know why we can't
work it out it doesn't look like this
massive water damage or anything we'll
put the lens on a different camera that
they own doesn't work
luckily I'm still in my warranty because
I only got it like in November so
they've sent it off for free to be
looked into see if we can get it fixed
what's the guy was sorting out all of
that I've just seen these clowns which
is exactly what I need for my desk for
the podcast
however I've just measured and again
they don't fit like they need to fit
something like this wide rather than
this wide
yeah roundup of that little trip to the
camera shop good news the camera body
the expensive bit is all working fine
the lens is not working at all so so
we've sent it off to go get fixed which
means that I don't have a lens on my
camera so I just had to spend six pounds
99 on this that's all it does six pounds
99 and a little bit of plastic that was
six pounds ninety-nine but it'll protect
my camera which is a lot more experience
than six thousand 99 so that's all good
apparently it can take up to three weeks
for me to get my lens back not so good
yeah oh my god oh and then if you saw
just there like I was freaking out a
little bit checking all my pockets oh I
thought I'd lost this camera oh my gosh
realized that I'm filming on it yeah
it's a bit embarrassing is it working
hey we've got TV we've had no TV for
four days five days I feel like I don't
watch too much TV but when it's gone
that's when you notice that okay maybe I
do actually watch a little bit of TV or
it's just on in the background you don't
know it's how important things are until
they gone notice that with my TV
Zoey's laughing at me oh okay see this
is the issue with me grow my beard
that's gonna happen more and more and I
won't realized I'm gonna be out in the
restaurant as my stubble grows longer
and longer and I'm gonna have food in it
and not realize that's gross I just fell
asleep on the sofa after in the mac and
cheese it must have been so cheesy that
it put me in a cheese coma and I fell
asleep literally fell asleep on the sofa
for a half an hour I'm about to eat some
chocolate frog from Harry Potter what
car did we got Luna Lovegood Helga
hufflepuff
that's not the best what is it can't
wait to put this in the freezer later
something that's solid chocolate you
would just put in the freezer yes but
then you wouldn't be able to bite it
you'd break your teeth are you ready to
bear the rain you said yeah but you act
like you say no insurance big day
shorty boy's birthday today guys it is
horrendous weather we're heading down to
a place with the new club which we've
been before in the blogs and stuff yo
this is not the one it is Shawn's
birthday today
going for a birthday roast and then
afterwards we're going bowling which I
didn't plan I actually didn't plan that
if it was my birthday this is exactly
what we'd be doing if I get stuck in the
way homes you mind helping out towing it
with the rope you've got are they big
enough literally skipping rope if you
wanna quit working out so permanent scar
pioneer playing a monopoly game it we
have never played this quickfire
Monopoly it's a card game version I have
no idea maybe parent it's unbelievable
thank you
we're in the middle of this game I still
have no idea how to play we've got to
put it on hold for now what's really all
your lunch I just won look a happy poppy
we watching the dogs give them a treat
it's not an Alice my first go play in
this game and I win on the birthday boy
it looks like your horse in a horse race
thank so much it is windy it's windy
James from the vamps if you watch and
please don't copyright me stage 2 which
is as I told you a second ago we're
going bowling in super excited as you
know bowling is an activity that is
probably on my top favorite five
activities to do don't do it very
frequently but when I do I love it and
before I have nearly purchase my own
bowling ball that's how much I love it
although I haven't because I just that's
a bit too keen so he's got a surprise
with her when your feet
Zuri's got some special bowling shoes
with her you'll see them in a minute
we're here before everyone else so it's
time to get some coins out or get never
go in the arcade
this one is hard you get five fools
there you go try and get it in the big
one
Oh
off the backboard Oh
Oh
damn it last 100 so I got me excited
they're living neck that was crazy
oh my gosh you have to roll them up and
see you got 24,000 all right my guy
you're going to go straight to the
10,000 hey
17 yeah
17,000 we got mum bursary Bashan going
down showdown right now mum hit 10,000
Oh
yeah going that's it that's it dad's
blame the keymaster oh my gosh
mom's collecting them all time for the
bowling this is the first time I've been
bowling and had normal names whoever
puts in normal names but they're boys up
first he got a new pinkie ring
don't get it stuck in there Zoe's got a
surprise out he's got the shoes out
check please
they're so cold it's so cold
I respected right wing
Oh poppy with a big noise
Oh me and dad are the only ones bowling
with no no inside bits up oh no no that
did I can up it not more down it did
okay for you
Hey
whoa not bad
damn Georgia's hit the strike scores so
far we've got Shawn 83 papi 117 mum 95
dad 77 and me with the four strikes in a
row 163 so far
Shawn's Lascaux the absolute smasheroo
in the night Virgil collabs
ie final scores 185 113 92 1 81 and 83
today oh my gosh my hair looks
ridiculous you know when you first wash
your hair like clean and then you put
hair product in it you try and style it
and it just doesn't work at all that is
today
I like proper wash my hair today in the
shower like twice and it's now like
ridiculously hot to start today a bid to
go in what do you think of my beard
months I think it'll get better once it
starts getting a little bit more pushy
anyways anyways to finish bowling we're
now heading back to mom and dad's
because we need to give Shawn his
present from us and mom's made a cake
when Han made a cake what 1 points p-one
is going so hard
indoors and mom's hand handmade Shawn a
cake baked a cake oven homemade so we're
gonna go do the cake as well and both
the doggies are at mom and dad's so
we're gonna go see them that's what mom
where did you buy this from Tesco and
then you know when they customary seat I
alphas getting jealous clothes I have
not seen this before or a custom or a
custom cake where's my bloody gate
what's going on it
look how sleeping on us are you tired
27:22 not 24 haven't seen you much today
miss you just got back now and mum and
dad's there was a pass or waiting for me
that didn't get sent to their house it
got sent to I don't know where it got
sent it ended up at mom and dad's house
somehow and it was from Tinie Tempah who
dropped me a message invited me to his
fashion show the other day which I
unfortunately couldn't go to obviously
he's got his clothing brand so he sent
me a hat which is cool very shiny never
had like a shiny hat before sent me a
pair of socks thank you
and also sent me a t-shirt myself of a
bit of a loop all very soft but really
soft whoa what material was that it's
like flexible
like almost like a gym teacher stitching
down the back
thank you very much tiny cheers for the
presses it's currently 10 to 1:00 in the
morning
and I've just been editing the vlog that
you are watching now it's try and get as
much done in advance before tomorrow as
possible because tomorrow's Monday super
busy day a virtually tired
I've actually got something to show you
that is really exciting that I told you
at the beginning this rug that I'll show
you tonight for this one I am and I'm
not good I'm gonna finish up adding some
little music bits and stuff to this
video that you're watching then add this
clip in and then go to bed it's 1:00
a.m. I need to wake up early tomorrow
and hit the gym so I'll see you in the
morning good night guys
