good morning guys you know like I like
my eyes let's check the weather oh my
gosh my voice is so low for some reason
oh my gosh is nice a completely blue sky
I did some washing yesterday and look
how many clean pairs of socks I've now
got I'm honestly oh no that was a little
bit wet still no they're all wet at the
bottom this one's the least of the least
wet ones so I'm just gonna have to go
with these for the gym I wasn't got no
socks on my feet I kind of know I was a
little bit wet at a heel so it's a bit
of a wet heel let's get a quick coffee
going and I need to get my butt out here
we go need to quickly down this ah house
is walking from the kitchen here but I
already got a dog hair in my coffee I
just went to get it out and I pushed it
in I can see the hair if I told you I
found Nyla's hair it went in my mouth
oh my gosh I cannot even tell you how
hot I am
I only ever film a tiny bit of my
workout so if you think we just saw is
my entire workout I filmed everything
that's not what's wrong with the case I
am so hot though I need to get home and
have a shower five minutes every morning
and five minutes every evening got the
whole dis bloomin sale own solutions
stuff on my McGeehan for 12 weeks 12
weeks ago to do this
Mark's got a new hobby can you tell
everyone your new hobby walk-in walking
but not like a normal person walking up
and down the road and stuff we're
walking around your town ran your local
village Mark's tell upon what you've
done I thought I think it's important me
to walk and I don't always yeah so I
press the little treadmill he bought a
treadmill for his bedroom yeah
do you run on it but it's obvious maybe
if I this thing's really heavy is just
days where I'm like sighs in disgust a
walk yeah I just need your bed record
yeah so last night mark was playing on
his xbox no your PlayStation wants
Morgan yeah
do you eat and walk at the same time not
every lunch edit edit video whilst
walking it honestly is amazing because
otherwise insisted on what I thought
yeah well there is like you know there's
desks like that in Google and stuff in
louie-louie
company we just got an office in South
Africa he's got eight limbs to stop all
their desks or standing desks yeah
my room I please I don't even know how
this is possible
once I was driving into town it was like
crystal blue sky like not a cloud in the
sky and now in the ten minutes if that
is taking me to get here
it's just trucking down rain like it's
raining so much it's just really really
good look at it I don't even know if you
can see on the camera how much it's
raining we got hummus please got myself
some lunch kind of maybe kind of got
half a liter of ice cream I just got
like my lunch is so blooming healthy I
got a salad with chicken no with salmon
and like a little like a little banana
protein pot and a juice and natural
mineral water paper carton recyclable
literally is water in a carton that just
couldn't help but get some ice cream I'm
not gonna all of it of course it's for
Zoey markcaswell
my memory I just got Phillips I did
delete some clips I'm feeling super
guilty because the last couple of days
I'm meant to have filmed some app videos
for the app of my new book coming out
the pointers book 3 and and the deadline
is Friday otherwise they're not going to
make it into the actual app by the time
that the book comes out and the app
comes out so I've got until Friday
and I popped into town just to grab some
food but it now it's nice weather again
I was like this close to being like
maybe just a little bit of shopping
maybe just I'll pop down to the beach
for a tiny little walk but note and
getting back in the car I'm heading home
and I need to crack on film in these app
videos so to sit down and plan these
videos lost each a month blooming
healthy lunch
you're mine it keeps on coming out look
at that look at that just cut myself
some chicken so extra chicken to you
watching it it looks like this is
literally like 10 minutes after the last
clip but it's actually fall about two
hours
I've just been filming all of those one
or all of them there's 11 of those like
secret app videos to do with my new book
that not into film and I've just
finished filming five of them and now
I'm just editing the daily vlog or
there's five minutes to five and I'm
only just getting around it's in the
vlog but I've got a good old snack what
some edited I just remember that ball
but all hiccups boho gelato earlier go
you try and guess the flavors okay I
know which one this one is that's the
only one I remember I'm really bad I
should have written down the names you
smelling it
oh my god is it good that is nothing
it's like tough talk on blooming oh my
gosh so chocolate orange toffee I think
yeah that is talking orange yeah is that
you're going to okay next one this one
is the one that I want to try if you get
this and your know straight away
apparently cinnamon nope oh is that not
obvious is it because I know what it is
that it's obvious how Chris bad well
yeah that's amazing just finish filming
a solo Sims episode so if you haven't
seen already that went up yesterday for
you I'll leave a link down below now go
check it out where do you guys just been
in the garden taking the lids about
what you're stood in the garden it mark
poachers heads around perches head no I
can't speak poke his head round at the
end of the Sims that so behind me from
outside like you have to watch it to
know what one about scared the bloomin
heck out of me let all my god that
scared me sir what do you mean sir close
your eyes yeah see you Hanson ready
guess who is toad bloody a laughs heavy
was that okay hey thank you yeah I love
them oh you're so good
Pizza time Beach got our own oh this is
nice and warm this is what I'm talking
about this and this parmesan yo
cheddar mature cheddar oh really
like buffalo mozzarella and then that
mr. to me oh wow you good at making
pizza I know you know I'm going to use
this that one yeah I feel like I'm going
to every time I'm a teacher I try and
make them circular and ends up like a
MASH square you wait and see
this isn't gonna roll how's your scones
are not good it's like why is there any
way that mr. round boy how's yours going
if one is thought of really well but now
yours looks really round - looks like a
flat neatly always looks yours looks
like a country no doctor why didn't I
put it in the car I got a tiny little
skinnier older those back in the game
she's got some new job I think my looks
good I think it looks good as well
way off it is so cute there's somebody
on the alleged
is my hinge one so big yeah you're the
other type things is only this I baked
no yours is perfect if you look like
that final finishing touches this is
always pizza Marky boy is gone for
everything with other peers and I'm
Therese and I've kind of gone for cheese
beans and a little bit of pepperoni but
I didn't want to come here on paper any
case it doesn't taste good or anybody on
half yeah
oh that's the grill hey let's go see you
say see you on the other side I made
okay so let's start from beginning
original by Rama Navami I need to change
my settings there we go original or is
it I couldn't look more grumpy but I
look at my hat and everyday smile
oh yeah it's my mouth disclose they're
not my teeth oh okay guys right ready
for the baby oh that dog like me that's
good acting that I'm a you ready for the
woman come on poppy
oh no no a mess ups like oh I'm male hey
Sims is currently exporting marki boys
ate his pizza genuinely looked really
good in your heart let's just take it
out then let's take it out - dripping
geez every extra bits so much - oh
forgot my ear pierced and I just itched
my ear so hard exactly on the beer thing
unless you had it crime this is going to
be messy I'll figure it on camera I
think you might have put too much cheese
on but I let separate all that one
little bit you got it
one little chili bitter oh yes yeah
3k Oh gonna be like yeah it's gonna
serve all three two one Oh
I mean fairly like that was good
that's only little bit that I try not
bad currently making a couple of GTS MS
area mark is this going to be your first
ever G&T no I used to drink tea into use
and I would drink alcohol really hmm
here we go monk thank you amazing
there's always looked amazing yeah I
didn't have you added like a sauce to it
like a drizzle course you're dead I can
officially say I'm all tucked up in bed
this blog today I've loved it it feels
like an old school food blog where I
just blog everything happens another day
that I'm allowed to and I can film
everything that happens my I want one
day is to be like this because I love
starting the vlog off in bed ending the
vlog in bed Zoe's not even in bed I'm so
tired I think it's because I worked out
my legs this morning and whenever I work
on my legs I eat a lot that day I drink
a lot that day and I sleep a lot that
day without having those nap today not
that that's a normal thing that I do I
don't normally have naps but when I work
my legs out I feel like I need a nap and
I'm super super tired
The Times currently one minute past
11:00 I hope you've enjoyed the blog if
you have you know what to do go down
below give it a thumbs up let's see how
many thumbs up we can get on this blog I
hope you've enjoyed out that a lot a lot
of fun today and today's shout out I've
just been having a look on my phone
there today's shout-out goes to Priya
thank you so much forever my
notifications on if you haven't already
turned them on it's super simple
it's literally free you go down below
you press the subscribe button and then
you press the little bell next to it and
it basically lets you know every single
then I'm doing that it's not like an
octopus lets you know every single time
I upload a video so that you don't miss
it that's good isn't it you never have a
Miss a vlog you almost is every single
day at 5:00
p.m. UK time we can have a little chat
we can hang out we can get up to some
fun we can do some stupid stuff I'm
going to fall asleep any second so I are
catching the morning
I moved tucked up in bed I'm all tucked
up in bed vlogging and if you don't know
why I'm saying that you can all me if
you do know I'm saying that you know
what let me know if you know why I'm
saying that comment down below that you
know what I'm saying that and I'll catch
you catch in the morning good night guys
