no what have you done what have you done
guys the police and the ambulance are
coming for us very - but I've actually
just said people are going to think
something's happened to us if they drive
past it's a viewer Drive spot and once
again taking everything right Oh No is
there another one you're there's another
one I really think it's our house I hope
they're okay because there's an
ambulance as well maybe mum yeah I don't
know what requires police cars and
unless there's a house being built a
couple of roads up in there so not like
at all on themselves yeah and the
ambulance has been there a while as well
they don't even like they don't look
like they're in any particular rush to
leave I don't know I'll have to wait to
find out whether I kind of don't really
want to find out because it's not no
situation to find out about little
seatbelt on good whoa Bremen ah oh my
gosh good morning how is someone lost
their shoe how can you possibly lose one
shoe without realizing good morning guys
how you doing flipping out about a busy
old day today very very very busy start
to the day but it's always nice to to
get out and walk them a little what is
she's sniffing now walk my little doggie
come on I'm just having such a good day
today guys I woke up super early hit the
gym which was weird because I go to the
gym every single Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday but because I
was in London super early on Monday for
a meeting I did manage to go yesterday
so today so today was my first day back
in three days if a weird phone I hadn't
been in like a month or something but
they don't even three days and I'm
taking that as a proper good sign
because it means that I'm going so
regularly if I don't go for three days
it already feels weird now why you
sniffing the dog poo bin come on we've
got much more fun things to do than
sniff the dog poo bin
okay let's go and explore the sand jump
now they come on you love the sand you
love it we had enough walking now should
we head home
good girl Oh fancy seeing you here
okay la I keep on forgetting I said it
one minute hello are you doing okay
let me flip the cam around it just lost
it what's more face time to you I was
just telling my camera that I have
forgot this morning you know commit yes
the other day I forgot to put my add my
little stuff on it it crunched have you
not got that done back oh don't say that
every one of speeches I take mine out
how to March
take me places to Beijing thank you so
much
we're ended up coming from coming to
Jamie Oliver's dinner I believe that
since I was last year that changed men
you are what one thing did you are
calamari calamari I just want the meat I
wanted and is the crispy calamari who
doesn't want a little bit of Jamie spice
threw up before we'd smash all the
starters just thought I'd film about
calamari nachos Italian that chose
arancini and I don't know what this is
it just got delivered but I don't
actually know what it is and it's
because I'm going to Jamie all of this
gold card this is not free taster
check this healthy meal guys half
chicken and no size no bad sides a
little bit of salad let me see what you
got
let me see where you got but you got no
cheers that is good subject thank you
and some ketchup
holy second look at this place in London
that I found on Instagram that's called
milk train cafe their pictures
should we go soon so we go now so he's
getting a taxi no they'll be closing
it's 10 o'clock Holly's going to ask all
this table here god this table here only
gone quick quickly go on whilst we were
each enough saying to Holly I want to go
to a restaurant one day and sit in the
seat that can see the most other tables
and probably not even eat probably just
get a couple of drinks sit down with one
or two other people and we have to play
a game can we actually do that where you
have to try and work out who is what
relation to the other people at the
table the reason why don't you know
anything about this games you never find
out the answer unless you have it is to
go and ask them but out a couple more
cocktails
literally didn't have any cocktails
tonight and then yet basically just like
people watching to the extreme and you
have to try it because there's a table
next to us like a big group table and I
think there were couples I think it was
a couple for couples or next to each
other
no Holly thinks it wasn't do you think
it is a work event yeah I really
genuinely have no idea what pictures
been out school friends catching up
after 30 years I'm not super formal
completely different native yeah that's
true is that weird to want to go to
restaurant and just let people watch let
me know down below let me know what you
think
come come join me on a people watching
session I did you still like doing that
yeah and as young guard Churchill Square
like in town and you know the little
pizza thing where you can get the future
yeah I used to always get food from
there and then just sit on the steps and
just watch everyone else walk by I'll
are doing it on the bus though you know
when you're the bus and you look out the
window you cold
I'm going to run to the car oh no if you
laugh it's done I do as my car it's your
card I can't even go and sit in it I am
so cold oh my god I need a wee
goodbye
that
