hey how you did good okay thank you
which can brighten station give away
guys
good morning how you doing I'm currently
in London I've just finished a super
exciting meeting like I honestly wish
that I can tell you who is even in the
meeting
oh my gosh just running out to go grab
lunch before my next meeting
but I hope you guys having a lovely day
whatever you're doing or forget how busy
London is and it's like lunchtime
already and I'm only just starting the
vlog that's where I'm going I'm hitting
this place up pure over here oh she
won't leave us how you doing you good I
love your top hey hey yeah let's see
this is looking pretty healthy
combustor thank you so much can't be
late the next meeting bro
how's it going my rollabout time thank
you so much thank you yes it's got the
chicken on yeah is this Michigan
it's got vegan chicken on there guides
yeah this is good
thank you so much cheers ma'am well I
haven't probably spoken to you guys
today yes I finished up all of my
meetings the time is currently I'm gonna
stop talking about meetings and just
pretend like that I don't do them in the
vlogs because I want to stop saying
meetings meetings meetings it's one
minute to fight that's one minute five
one minute till my new vlog goes up I'm
currently hanging out to meet Brian
Taylor if you don't know who he is is
like one of the best BMXers in the world
within myself we've been trying to we've
been trying to track each other down or
how long now we've been speaking but not
meeting the pretty much text every
single week for the last like I thought
also not a year might be near hey there
yeah today is the first time we've met
out but it feels like feels like we
already know each other so then so we
just grab some food together and now
we're heading heading to go to Brian's
favorite coffee spot I'm going to get a
coffee then he bought me a cronut
oh yeah we went to go down in box fight
there they have dum dum so we just
bought some cronuts we haven't tried it
yet
never GameChanger the name changer
I could you know we're not really all
the tricks on a broken season and so I
think ms you are close marks the rising
seas legit gonna be able to teach me not
today not today guys another time let me
know if you want to if you want to see
him teach me but he thinks a backflip I
promise your rule orchid suiting you're
not going to hurt I promise you I'll
take ball happens if I just learn hard
on what on my balls
you're not going to piss howdy this is
what I don't get how do you like when
you tell wit ya how'd you catch your
feet back in the day I might not know
what a time efficient I get right you
show them you show them what I tell with
is really quick no hi how do you catch
your feet like sometimes I'm just riding
along I shit myself without air within
you always really needed oh that's true
nah that's just yeah
you just know where they are that's not
me walking on concrete I feel more
comfortable sunny little pebbles going
to do a little business this is just not
yeah yeah anything is goodie big bro
okay alpha Tommy they didn't know you
can't ride the bike yeah that was a
really good bro you're going to backflip
so easily so easily
I'm not even joking I'm being dead
serious
it's on is not a lot of like Lucy as
Ryan's about yeah but end the
pointlessblog
if this is my last video I hope you've
enjoyed everything I've done on YouTube
I don't know about this line work try
jumping me both ways I'm going to jump
over you normally that when I'm 101 any
of you that know you know and we're
doing this in a car park because wrong
man it really rocks is like like this
holy crap you're that's not fun cause my
face I was like yeah oh my god
nothing upper 100 point of blocks are
like yes
I'm heading back to Brighton have you
lost your camera you can't lose your
camera is so bloody big how can you lose
it it must be in the back there it is
there it is how did you lose it does it
not come with a cover man that one looks
like that I don't even know how much I
ended up filming for the vlog or
anything because I just really the first
time uh properly the first time I've met
Ryan I don't if you'll know what it's
like though and you've been but when
you've been speaking to somebody online
which sounds dodgy but like we've been
FaceTime in and chatting and also we've
got friends in common who like put us in
touch and stuff but we never actually
hang out before so it's sick just get to
like meet up and hang out and just chat
about making videos because Ryan azure
said makes YouTube videos he was
blogging today and he's into going to
like trampoline parks and BMX in and
just doing loads of fun stuff that I
love doing as well he says he's going to
teach me how to backflip on a BMX I mean
I don't know I did not go to get the
train home now I need the toilets so bad
I don't have any change on me and I
think it's like the honor I do wait one
minute to power 50 okay so good because
you have to pay like oh my gosh they've
made the toilets free before exp 30 feet
to go to the toilet now they're free my
trains meant to leave in four minutes so
I need the toilet need a quick we okay
oh yes two seconds into my train for the
ascent it's delayed that's all good
give me a cuddle oh look
pleasure eyes I got your present oh oh
my god it's currently the next day and
I'm just at the park with my little
doggy
my little pug e we're just out here
relaxing chillaxing having a nice having
a nice time in the Sun and I thought
over them I would end the vlog here
because I forgot to end it yesterday and
I'm just and I've just finished editing
this video that you're watching now and
it's another short one which I
personally I wanted to have a chat about
this because I've had a few comments
recently be like hi every day is getting
shorter and shorter I love your long
vlogs stop having so many meetings and
it's so hard I'm like so torn on a lay
down but forget the dogs or something
I'm so torn between having these
exciting meetings and working on things
behind the scenes that often I can't
vlog that I know sucks for the vlogs but
I'm working on so many exciting things
that are coming out and I have to work
on now to make happen in the future but
that takes time madam of logs and this
is my number one this is my one thing
that I would know I wouldn't drop for
anything even if somebody was like so
I'm having to like basically close my
eyes even if somebody was like Alfie
we've got sickest opportunity ever
you're going to travel the world you're
going to do this amazing stuff you're
going to go to space we're you barking
at let's never dog over there but you
need to stop your daily vlogs
I couldn't do it I just don't think I
could this this connection you don't get
it with any other videos than daily
vlogs like there's no way that we could
be disconnected you guys can know this
much about me you guys gonna have a big
an influence and impact on my life
without me daily vlogging not
necessarily every single day but filming
what are you barking at you want to go
and walk around to get the noise I'm
sitting down and she's off some parts of
me just like if you got a busy day you
got a busy day and you've logged that
day but it won't be as fun as if you
have a fun non busy day but then another
part of me is like no make sure that you
have a fund every day and the vlogs are
fun every day but that's not real life
like I'm not some people live crazy
extravagant lives like Louis Cole mr.
fun for Louie he is out there he's out
there traveling every single day doing
the craziest stuff but I'm just a normal
the normal 23 year old dude you know
normal 23 year old guy living my life
walking my dog around the park picking
up dog poo and filming it and filming
every day of my life that's me just
normal guy so some days I'm afraid we'll
have slightly shorter vlogs than others
some days we'll have slightly longer
vlogs than others some days we'll have
slightly more fun vlogs than others and
some days some days there might be no
vlog because I can't vlog that day some
days that's just life isn't it but one
thing I promise you and I really really
do is that a voice or yoga's best
interest of all and if remember busy
ever in a meeting ever doing something
that I can't film unless is like
families are poor friend stuff that'll
hopefully one films is not right for the
vlog I'm working my butt off on
something for you guys to enjoy in the
future I don't know I journey to have a
little chat because I've seen a lot of
comments and I've just been editing this
vlog and it's like link it's like eight
nine minutes or something like that and
I'm and sometimes I put up 20-minute
vlogs that you guys feel crazy for don't
get me wrong I would rather be out there
having crazy fun times with friends at
trampoline parks and
doing overnight challenges and doing ton
of fun stuff rather than sitting in
meetings but that stuff the sitting in
meetings for working on my laptop to do
my emails that's the stuff that gets
things for the future going and
sometimes I just got a got a crack on
with that stuff and sometimes that won't
be noticeable won't be visible in the
vlogs and sometimes like the last couple
of days where the vlogs have just taken
a little bit not a backseat but they've
just become a little bit shorter
occasionally that will happen as well I
don't know just wanted to have a chat I
still think this vlog was crazy fun my
friend bloomin jumped over me on a BMX
the walk is nearly over the vlogs nearly
over if you've enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up
today's notifications shout out goes to
I don't know because I wasn't planning
on attending a vlog in the in the park
so it goes to this person you've
gathered something from this little chat
and I'll catch you tomorrow
catch it more at 5 p.m. give the video a
thumbs up did I say that already I don't
even know I'll see you tomorrow guys
good night
the party
