now that is a purpose of seeing one was
there sort of much kind of having gone
for any bread I just went for an extra
egg instead of any bread and they've got
myself cute little coffee oh yeah yeah
that's the egg goals right there
we're watching the London math and
someone is literally three or four
minutes away from completing it person
number two is only nine seconds behind
him that there he is
I feel really bad not knowing their
names and just say number one and number
two I think one's called Daniel imagine
being the one female he's six seconds
behind oh my god this is too high and
there's like two minutes left of running
these six seconds behind 400 meters left
Carly let's have a look together from
there come on boy you got there
you've got this legend oh my gosh two
hours and five minutes oh my gosh he's
24 he rolled in five minutes still like
he was eight seconds eight seconds
behind oh I hope they give each other
love her handshake yeah ah
goodbye dogies very bye thank you so
much and resources we just come up to
lunch with mum and dad this looks so
good savage and poppy Shan you're in New
York the first Sunday that were not
ricotta in short we all got together I
know how the pumpkin would be like why
have you done that moment on that oh
because we found we booked it row in
advance
kind of just realized the only thing
you've seen so far in this vlog is me
eating my breakfast then me eating my
lunch and that was it we got dad's
jacket yeah alright we're just driving
home we just got home and dad dad's
bought me a present over today he bought
me some superglue because as you know
this camera that I vlog on every single
day is falling apart
and I just I don't want to buy another
one because they're so expensive and I
fought so many the dogs are going crazy
I bought so many cameras and they're so
expensive and then I sent them off to be
fixed the other day and apparently it
cost 130 pounds to fix each camera so
I'm going to try this out hopefully I
won't break it I can't feel myself doing
it because obviously I'm gluing the
actual camera itself so I can't film
fixing the camera okay war what I mean I
can know my camera's gluing at the
moment I'm having to leave it there to
glue I've been waiting for about 20
minutes mr. white dry I didn't ask you
yeah boys I can't vlog today it's not
only it's my only option I'm trying to
glue it at the moment I'm just waiting
for it to dry been waiting for like 20
minutes right mom and dad I'm going to
make sure I call I'm going to film mum
and dad's reaction to showing them the
Easter special video that isn't going
off at Easter and I need to do at some
point this week that I'm not going to
show you guys I'm just going to film
their reaction happy everyone else is
downstairs playing some new games that
we bought like Romney car be kind of
things but I need to edit the vlog need
to get it up let's get going have you
come to help me edit you come to help me
yeah the vlogs all done or scheduled
let's see how my camera's getting on I'm
joining in for round 2 this game is
called lattice 21 is there even enough
for that so yourself 3 for what size
remember you don't I need to you don't
even bring my windy what if you swing by
what these diamonds derail I'm at I'm
having all of these sorry close your
eyes
did you hear why I said this tastes like
close your eyes and eat one of these you
will know exactly what it tastes like
and Cookie Monster
 you I wanna be one of him yeah he
said 24 anyone what does that taste like
a quaver exactly like a quaver
yeah it's quinoa how good is that
so let's see if buzz knows if it tastes
like a quaver our agreement drive so
much fun you why I need my 21
sorry smash that very one you good
she won by so much head would explode
yeah we're now playing a new game
what's this one called try on my nose
says it might go oh I knew it I knew
that if you bone this point that's
that's good skill lucky right hi I'm
Jillian race and I'm not vlogging
anymore just because I'm losing in the
game she says I only ever get the camera
out when I'm winning or if I get a good
strong you're a hundred hey Mia love is
like kicking everyone's butt like what
the official scores let's read the map
Nick Zoey 225 Amanda 325 Althea's
currently 160 so my weight were my last
who's last okay where's poppy and gone
not here what I Valkyrie laughs they're
in New York
they're only not an ass you need to
level four I don't have daddy what is
more powerful sister mom I'm gonna get
my lip pierced next week I think oh my
god tattoo here I don't like to send it
what a dragon
Wow come up a weight
Oh No all the scores have changed in do
it in loser - winner loser of the game
is Alcide a 82 points so I'm doing an 82
next up in so ISA a 50 so wasn't even
close we have next oh honey you got
double my score last game of the evening
guys what splinter Flint that this is
kind of like Rummikub well it is Rami
carpet it's like a word version like a
letter version - towards that place
manda 33 we lost Nick 30 a second blast
Zoey 31 and the cheating winner's prize
- I'm not I'm not very good I'm not very
good at writing or smelling and so by
that how I just won my lost the number
gained earlier which is like that math
more difficult I won this much lower for
take it by another goodbye farewell
goodbye I was editing Sims whilst we
were playing those games I'm just making
the thumbnail now and upload in its
three minutes to 8:00 in the evening
today has been like a super family
orientated day this is what happens when
your fridge looks like this there's
literally all we've got is some guinea
pig food like vegetables that we've
chopped up for guinea pigs some mashed
potato and some almond milk corner and
butter and one jelly that is literally
yet
and time
