I don't even know if I'm in focus
good morning guys good morning you join
me on Portobello Road ah we just turned
off when our Westbourne Grove
we weren't Portobello Road which is so
good it's so so busy so much fun stuff
going on just popped out it's going get
some breakfast
although this kind of conduct well San
Pasquale brunch more or less lunch here
we go only after waiting for about 3540
minutes outside which is only geminizers
it all the way there these girls went to
shopping
whilst we waited in the queue go in here
for the brunch without some green juices
days a it's really good feels really
good in here that had it along and I
always agreed you'd want to get the foul
the green juice no it's a proper green
juice I like I like favor egregiously
defensible this one had something extra
to make them know we did like a weird
okay go it ate right all your junk
knotted up okay
like it's really really dire make it
through it really quickly are you going
to pay off now you're going to kill them
no no come on these are winning they've
got orange juice and then look at the
Zoe I mean it does do that boxboard
oh yeah I reckon has a legit warm pond
but that looks good my breath is going
to sting off it I can already smell
celery
come on orders to get a hold of that
elderly I got a big old shot
yeah so divided in half would mind
another regional oil and our people
hasn't had a drink come on they're like
50 minute to finish it
hey good thing is you're lingering
you've got you're holding him after them
come on Jack thank you so much Murata hi
just any register thank you I've put a
talk in London today and I've got 13
minutes to eat my food
get in the car and get on back over to
the tour like this looks insane
Hayden just arrived at the venue this is
cool looks super snappy Louise's here as
well she's in the toilet as always she's
gonna kill me for saying that galaki
is in the point just looks very tall
here would ready go
I just I'm not going to cut it I'm just
going to mute that I thought the audio
when are now are now down here is where
I'm going to be sitting in a minute once
everyone comes and sits down
look how posh this setup is that's a
little flowers model thing yeah well
beautiful day I'm trying to downsize
everything are there is a place as you
know and you might also name is
pointlessblog one of the biggest names
on YouTube right now I'm going to quite
a lot nicer than I am - isn't it worth
saying I don't know most know anything
I've seen any chain trade how do you
believe that your first video like I'm
going back I was it would be astir that
but it was what to do on a rainy day it
was kitchen subordinates right no one's
ever won yet
I play Monopoly by myself in the middle
god no one can find that yeah but it's
somewhere on that youtuber still do I
mean I surely it's somewhere in the back
end when they get you must be powerful
enough question I might not on ahead of
YouTube number thank you
finished up the talk yesterday's blogs
is fun live which I'm super excited
whenever you later
Jimin I've just popped out to Whole
Foods on the way back to their I do not
just to go for mop one tumeric shot
green energy now we had that ranked
green one earlier not going for another
green one it's protein one good this one
all right let's do that the food in here
all my gosh if I lived near here this is
literally where I'd get my lunch every
day this place is like your
look at all of this we've got a ton of
good stuff
tons of goodies Wow little meat platter
but actually it's pretty big came with a
burrata but it's in like a tiny little
pot how cute is that there is got a sore
leg so Jim's gonna try and massage the
muscle you are if anyone can do it here
with you let me do a lot of my songs oh
it doesn't matter
satisfying
I want to finish on your knees one okay
ready
I can really - yeah right - AHA yes
Strogatz have chosen I think I think
it's like very holy geez look I keep
Martha rez she's so cute for watching
the last episode 13 reasons why Hey oh I
won't give it away if you guys want
Martha give the video a thumbs up I now
send it to you in the post that sound
good that sound good Jim Tom audiences
they give the video a thumbs up or some
one of them offer in the post that we
are they say yeah cool
we're meant to be leaving and Zoe's not
feeling too great but Tom soon
everything she possibly can to persuade
us just let another night what do you
think Jim I love you today but I don't
want um so if you feel rough and you
know then film not not good for driving
yeah no I'm not it's not nice but I love
you let's say ah it's not to make me
nervous though
and we have a car hmm wicked still very
frightened where mmm nice why don't we
all go to buy Jen our God
come on buy Jimbo I'm a seasoned my good
bye as I say good bye
I cannot even tell you how broken this
vlogging camera is I need to get a new
one so blue and bad and now I have to mi
frog in bed so I'm purposely ending it
next to the bed this is night number two
I'm not allowed to sleep on my ear Oh
cannot we need to go and get Zoey No oh
yeah with that as well in a saline
solution because we need to clean our
piercings but also in here I've got
travel pillows this is what the piercing
man told us was really really good so
you sleep like that so then your ear
genius I'm going to get mother won
today's notification shoutout goes to
Ruby again I'm just guessing yesterday I
guess that it was like Jessica or Lauren
I think I guess Lauren yesterday
actually managed to find one of you guys
who has my notifications all turned on
I'm wanting to shout out and had the
right name hope I can find somebody
called Ruby because I my phone's dead at
the moment it's got no charge so their
music in the car so I can't go and find
somebody on my phone for the actual
shoutout so today today's shout-out goes
to anyways if you enjoyed the vlog give
it a big ol thumbs up thank you so much
everybody who came to the talk today and
thank you to Caroline of course Caroline
Flack for interviewing me she's super
super lovely as always when I've met
other times as well and I'll see you in
the morning we've got killed it feels
like it's Sunday today but it's not it's
Saturday we're going to watch britain's
got talent in bed because because we
missed it tonight i'll see you in the
morning guys just quickly before the
vlog ends i thought i'd let you guys say
say hello to Nala and say goodnight
because we just went to pick her up
my mum and dad's she literally can't
even open her eyes that tight
goodnight
the pain
