goodbye good money guys good morning
how you doing I don't think I've said
good morning yet although the time is
currently half past six in the evening
just finished the longest day of
meetings in the history of day with
meetings just take another and a walk if
you can't tell I'm actually filming this
to my iPhone because I switch hands
bought my camera art with me
and look at this I was editing the vlog
and I forgot for the SD card back in so
gotten a memory card in my camera so I'm
having to vlog on my iPhone such a
lovely evening I'm about to head out I
think I've just been texting my friend
Acer to see whether he wants to go
skateboard in and therefore walking on
the beach will play spike ball or
something like that so I think so I
think that's what we're going to do
there are a ton of you guys over there
all screaming and shouting at us as if
that's what they're to hear look at
knowledge he's going crazy it's coming
it's coming in yeah I just learned thing
she knows she's never expect it never
experienced like proper sand this is
going crazy I kind of hopefully to see
what she does
no because she'll just run and run and
run oh my gosh she's just running
circles no way way coming in coming in
coming in coming slowly else side we've
got a greyhound
who is it Nala na na da
haha guys this is like ugly thing here
you can put your head in it for a
picture and I'll think there's real
people but she's confused as to why they
haven't go Ahead's
that's a cool dog thank you have a nice
day
have a lovely day
we're back from the walk we're back on
the good old vlogging camera and I
received a package in the post today
from one of my friends that see my
address on it no that doesn't from one
of my friends Josh also known online as
zurka it's all street wear clothes and
I'm actually so so exciting west of it
now you know today he messaged me the
evidence and what size of my and it
literally looks like you seventy one of
everything
the LDN large no snakes just ladders
hoodie this is really really cool on the
back as well oh this is such a video a
jumper or something that will logo on it
that's a really nice man yellow t-shirt
sack that's cool as well I would have
ordered that stuff myself I would have
bought it all you've just sent me it all
for free thank you thank you thanks
thank you hopefully your clothing lines
go well congratulations
I mean have already message you saying
congratulations and I'm just saying it
in a video and I need to bring my mate
ASA and see what is up see what we're
doing because we're meant to go
skateboard in any minute you've got this
you got this well this guy's like famous
and right for the dancer
yeah yeah
we just finished something I didn't film
anything I just concentrate on eating my
healthy food but you get salad and just
heading out to the beach a children's
game was ASA here and then we've got
will here we'll blogs as well is that
cross filament positive thing with
tonight as if I fall over I've already
got ripped jeans see you I'm going to
tell real easy
oh yeah damn man my shoes was you're
gonna hurt yourself we may as well get
on camera no here you probably gonna
hurt yourself
Oh
trying to ended up going to the casino I
didn't win tonight I feel like a bad
because I've won quite a lot of times
recently but we didn't win tonight we
had family will one I left I have will
one will one we just didn't win just
getting out of the car didn't even know
if you can see me I'm just checking
order with the doors are locked
closing all of the blinds
today's going to be a good day I'm just
feeling it I'm fairly like today is
going to be a good day someone's ringing
me okay
one second hello all get all geared or
GERD we're off to London today to go and
see Tonya and Jim and I've got a meeting
in London but we're going to state Tania
and Jim's tonight in London which I am
so excited for because as you've seen in
the vlogs for the last few days I've
literally been stuck inside in meetings
all woolum in day and I just want to get
out I just want to get out go have some
fun with some friends and that is
exactly I'll do I'm off to London to go
see Tanya and Jim if I have got a little
meeting in London that I've got to go to
on the way but with that today today is
all about having fun with friends that
is what we're doing
however we've got 9% petrol and I forgot
my wallet but I've found that we always
keep a spare 25 pounds in the car in
case we ever need it so emergencies I
feel like this is the right time to
spend them on some petrol so that we can
get to London and we can I mean we could
just get that - on the way to London it
would be more efficient I'm gonna go get
better now oh please I'm a protein shake
first hello what Fabien Shawn off to New
York today for five days I am be on
jealous not beyond beyond jealous I just
tried to FaceTime and they're at the
airport now kind of cool otama she's
she's going to the toilet how's it going
let you see it very not already gone
photo shoot okay yeah I just finished
the gym session I like that it was good
you excited that's new your luck oh when
I go even people make
you can't see this guys but my camera is
like how broken is this away from
escaping the body man it's like
completely mashed so the plan for today
we've just been texting Totten it was
kind of the plan originally but I just
forgot to inform you guys hey
occasionally with me coffee in hand but
I feel like there's still a London took
happening with you that the entire yeah
and I will be influenced that they went
to New York today we've not we haven't
gotten Ireland with us with left Nala
where's mum and Buzz dad we're coming to
London for one night tonight to stay at
Tanya Jim's and what we doing today
we're going to turn you in kids and
where else and we go should be getting
our ears here we're trying to book at
but we don't know if there's any
availability in the place that we want
to get it done so he's going to get a
second piercing lobe piercing done my
second hole down there look down there I
meant down here and down the body I did
not mean down there down a second one
down there all the drama no kickin and I
want to as you know I went to a pinch of
Brighton which one probably the other
day I want to just get something cool
like this bit done here I don't know
probably a forward helix this little bit
here
I don't know because you happen it's
going to be spaced to them to do it yeah
it's quite popular place or somewhere an
investor needs I got to do with me about
I need to put it on and I'm just we've
been texting town about it I feel like
you're like such a skater today my
ripped jeans my black hat my black vest
off have you got something I can put
this chewing gum in did you see I bought
chewing gum
we just hold it just to go better they
caught one
something that's great cause they're
going to say yeah we've been texting
Todd about arranging the piercings and
Tom wasn't going to get a piercing she
was just going to come along with us and
now she's saying that she's going to get
her third lobe piercing done if there's
ripped like I don't even know if this
case is space for one of us on the day
looking at alone three of us just going
up there let see what happens anyway
start update yeah because we're on the
weights down hungry three arrived at
Anja and Jim and jumped on a Skype
meeting obsolete I was making a meeting
at work in London and office but I was
kind of I was going to be 45 minutes
late and all my fault due to the traffic
so I don't Skype and now we've come out
what are you saying Don I moved my hand
and not this one yeah because I got news
everyone would come on
you always know best
basically for absolutely we are carny
off to the meaning a couple quotes we
both log innocent I'm still doing your
time that I adjust your tell out sorry
your tour guide I talk animals my camera
but I wasn't recording ah
we're off to go get some piercings where
we going yeah quick get it get it oh my
gosh
God's excited me back what do you think
is build up in your vlog you were trying
to do it I would be happier than you all
I don't care when I wanted a dog I was
I'm tempted you know to get that tempted
to get really tiny hoop they're tiny man
shall I shall I do that they might have
got like gap yeah a little bit of gas
I've got a really tiny tight one there
she led you that I don't have you really
really tight on there if they can do it
or your braces in thongs or Invisalign
and I've got my name on tomorrow okay
thank you know I want my retainer after
I have my brain to me if I always take
them in and out in out in and out why
you make you do this
we're not making you do anything are you
joking me
Laurie's getting nervous Tania dragged
us here guys
during that taxi journey I've had a new
idea I think I'm going to get this
little bit up here down there like Tom's
got like their thing I'm going to get
one of these here this is rubber getting
it done
putting it over the forum I still have
no idea where I'm going again on my ear
I have no idea can you already very
white white gold with white I'm
it's just money clearing and I've
decided I'm going to go like here
this gun is then and if I don't like it
I've told that I can to take it out at
any point and they'll be will be all
good
when we turned up here a minute ago they
had little goodie bags waiting for each
of us thank you so much guys how excited
you from one to ten and then how nervous
you 1 to 10 I mix lightly lightly I'm
nervous like 10 no I'm fine you go first
get out yeah no he's getting to
piercings what about yet okay you go
last
I mean how excited and nervous one step
if I see you attack by building I think
I want to renew classes a little
somewhere I feel like a little bit of a
mess I'm excited
these are engineering eight out of ten
is that what it is we sat in one are you
going back to do you like to paint one
yeah my reminder your apprenticeship
could use what the same I also get me
exact in the same size as me aren't you
yeah I mean so you happen insane where
it's all shiny my head
I know see I'm excited I'm the nervous
probably about five because I just don't
know what to expect with the pain books
everyone says that it hurt is it does it
hurt
don't tell me now actually there we go
it's kinda like just like you get a
massage
my table ice cream - really
because not more dad oh my gosh
face is amazing so partly like I'll be
sad
yeah I'll bury laptop sanics car didn't
let me see yeah I think that you oh my
god yeah what do you think step back and
let Julie to move around things will
look like look at violence alone I want
going lowering the rhythm is not squash
on and on it's not there you go I
actually I'm really happy about that 10
it's a really great pen rather yeah not
my signature
we love it and I think are you doing
this one of the bonuses we're not gonna
back out over then you know of course
I'm not that I'm gonna know getting
cartilage today can time it done though
and she didn't cry so no pressure area
are you doing find a nice way to I tell
me if I'm in your way by the way I'm not
looking I'm just glad you mother
okay
okay and to announce a that crumb nice
yeah good God oh it's so quick Jorn yeah
yeah I was how is that pain rating out
10 I wasn't a lot I need to contact hey
it wasn't too bad it was like last
longer the microwaves IP let me hit
crunch here yeah well I wouldn't units
in the mirror yeah and I can you like it
yeah it's weird
check their oh my gosh magnet under the
skin crazy
it looks so good yeah anything thank you
so much cheers man thank you
whoa this is go oh my gosh you guys have
got friendship earrings oh man I forgot
this Friday evening everyone's that
having a drink right so we need to head
to boots because we need to buy state
line solution and gauze or something
like that I've already done a much both
of things that we need to make some Q
part is all clean and all good we're
gauze shopping I don't even know what a
gauze is it is like a little padded
square R yeah yeah one of them at little
netted squares it's like that office
these are them this is exactly what it
is but I got the last one unlucky so
you're going to have you know rotten is
yeah please register our say line and
somebody's opening sighing we're just
going for food just coming out for
dinner
nah this looks amazing
it's not about that go Jimbo's just
arrived are you going to do
I did not think you'd get one yeah I
think you would you have got one no
other one just for the vlog yes all of
these little started Li all of these
little star players have arrived and
they look in edible this calamari yeah
no idea when I lost blogged just woken
up on the sofa like a tan and James Caan
and I fell asleep on the sofa and the
other guys were watched 13 reasons why
we came back from dinner and then we ate
some cakes that Jim can I show these
connection my vlog your cakes or was I
surprised you did a video on how to meet
the mood in yet yes yes that's coming
soon basically Tim did you hear that we
she said to my vlog that's for you I've
had eight squares of this which I should
not have a core not have it's dairy milk
that's like my favorite thing ever it's
time to slam against even end the vlog
I'm gonna have to sleep on this side for
like 12 weeks apparently minimum Zoey's
like this
Zoey can sleep on either side because
she's good buy an earring or any role on
that I know mine so sore right if you've
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up let
me know
today's notification shout out oh my
gosh I haven't even got my phone on me
it's literally so down at the bottom the
bed plugged into the wall chargin so
today's notification shoutout goes to
this person I'm just going to guess a
popular name that their name is Lauren
it's probably not Lauren as probably
says something else on the screen thank
you for having my notifications on kind
of catch you tomorrow we've got a fun
day planned tomorrow we're going to go
up to some fun stuff let me know the
comments down below if you like the
pearsons give the video a thumbs up if
you like the piercings and quite
spontaneous thing I was originally going
to go and go get here anyways I'll see
you in the morning if you enjoyed
today's Ari you have to do piercings
okay
