good morning guys good morning how you
doing I nearly started my vlog with my
old intro again I nearly said I know
wait did I just say good morning guys I
think I did but I didn't say good
morning guys like that but I did say
good anyways anyways how you doing guys
I'm not slipping back into my old intro
I'm not doing it although it does for
one thing it does look like I am doing
is wearing a bloomin dress which I'm not
I mean every nothing wrong with that but
I just I'd let you know that I'm not
wearing a dress so like I just wore this
to the gym it's got some cool white and
on the back as well although I did the
typical thing I saw it online
Naza any to this call ordered it didn't
even read what it said I could go into
the gym my trainer Mazama this is called
on the back of us Oh what does it
actually say I actually have no idea
what any of it anyways woke up hit the
gym had a protein shake
zoe is off to get her eyebrows plucked
or something would pop I should probably
get that done with Poppy
in an hour in six minutes at 11 o'clock
Sean and I were finally filming this
video for Sean's main channel the highly
anticipated I haven't even told you guys
what we're filming I'm not getting so
that whatever unsure on the video but
I'm actually super super excited about
it we've even got our make that coming
down to film the video coming to
Brighton to make it look all too snazzy
an old Japanese like professional
cameraman absolutely incredible they're
happier thank you so much thank you
whatever it is late for me this is very
so bonus and Amazon Zoe sugg Amazon Zoe
sugg delivered scanned special delivery
given a children in the Sun sunbathing
in your favorite spot you're in your
favorite spot Missy Zoe bought me a new
jumper today which arrived time so thank
you there I'll put a bag on
yeah thank you have a nice day thank you
very much this is what I get a chanting
and then I became a protector close the
drawer and I walk away thank you have a
nice day we're fighting the shop your
apology look what they're doing in the
background it's season 1 episode 1 of
The Only Way Is Essex not yeah oh my
gals right I'm heading out quite telling
about your jumper
what jump have you bought yourself some
ears I've got matching jumpers that goes
in there see you later on we're in town
I'm not going to film too much for
shooting Shaun's video like I've said
we've got Shawn here I can't show them
the bag that's in your hand no leaking
anything behind it
how's it going what do you think I think
it's going really really good we've got
a duck over here shooting it for us on
the camera that's bringing us to we love
falafels
I mean there's a big old queue in here
so might be pretty good yeah I reckon
you'll like everything I don't know how
I think that fluffle was that big a
thing a big bill they've even got dogs
going to big guys if you need a job
we have flap oh we finished filming from
the time the blobs already gone up the
time is 604 and we finished filming ones
from the video but there's probably like
one or two minutes of footage for the
rocks I didn't want to leak what we've
been doing on I'm sure on stuff however
it went incredibly well this I'm really
excited
shorts quite a lot to edit now I've got
a lot there I'm going to take my time
with it
yeah special video so a lot of SDN what
doesn't matter when it goes up it could
go up in four weeks time
yo it have been snowing in here bro
papi has it been snowing in here but my
fur and
before I know with her shoes that poured
most of it on the floor Alan German I
need to get back and film some some
secret videos another another secret now
I've got a load of secret MIDI I don't
know if I'm allowed to say what it's for
should I just tell you what it's for
and then if I'm allowed in I sure I'm
just going to tell you I don't even care
the new book app I'm going home now to
start filming videos for the new
pointers book three app that is going to
come up with the new book and as you
guys know if you've got book one or book
too you know about the secret videos on
the secret apps that I have I'm going to
go back now and start shooting those I'm
also renting out the new Sims video as I
speak and that's about it now see I
think mmm
edan sushi sushi days is back yes I mean
bad for a while although I didn't buy it
what we just went to waiters bought it
for me
thanks papi that sounded really
sarcastic I am actually genuinely
thankful but I thanks papi if you
remember back a couple of vlogs Zoey and
I were watching a video in the bedroom
that had 22 was it twenty two or twenty
I hear 22 million views of three little
girls opening all of their Christmas
presents I don't know how did we find it
I found it I can't remember how the
family are a family of daily bloggers
they blog every single day and they're
called the and they called the ingham
family tons of you guys were tweeting me
Ben oh my god dusting and family loser
you guys know who they are
and they got loads of comments on their
video cuz they upload six o'clock or
something like that after year and I'm
after me so a lot of you guys had seen
the video that we saw the video then
went on to their video and commented
sent out viens oh we just watched your
Christmas video basically what I'm about
to show you yeah after she realized oh
my gosh right so let's just watch their
blog it's fresh just turn it sideways
thank you let me just sit down and one
of the top comments of all my goodness
did you see ourselves on our today's new
vlog no why would we be on Alfie deyes
the Alfie deyes omlc ah casually
in bed - ah she said sleep is so cute
you don't need to thank us for watching
your videos whether you're talking about
thanks for watching our videos just had
the weirdest perience trying to upload
this in this video as you saw I was like
preparing all that everything was that
Shawna poppies long story short I've
been trying to upload it for like hour
and half and it got stuck on 35% and it
was saying it's going to take two hours
40 minutes to upload I was like this is
ludicrous like I've never ever had an
uploaded that problem like that here not
at the house so it's changing that hot
spot in my work phone didn't make any
quick aside hot spot my personal phone
didn't make it any quicker went off the
internet went back on the internet it
wouldn't I couldn't do anything about it
I just couldn't figure out anything
anyway to have to make it upload quicker
until I decided why restarting my laptop
and see what happens if I do that and
then it right now from 2 hours 40
minutes to 14 minutes so if you watching
this video ever need to upload videos or
upload work or homework or anything like
that and it's going slow I don't know
why maybe there is a technical reason
why try restarting your laptop it's done
wonders for me six minutes left until
the new blog goes up now somebody said
this to Sean's peer box under like I
just want to reiterate it says my word
reiterate I don't have a peer box people
love to send things too
one's beer box was though HP box under
my name and I just want to throw it out
there before people keep on and keep
going to keep on sending things to those
Pierre boxes there's no guarantee that
they're definitely going to make it to
me so they could get sent back to a
house they could get them back where
ever I don't know but occasionally they
do make it to me and I don't know how
because they're not under the right name
that somebody sent this earlier thank
you very much
I've never worn a hat like this before
and I don't really know when I'll do
ever hat like this thank you very much I
just wanted to obsess a lovely hat I've
been feeling quite stressed recently
just thought I'd have a little chat with
you guys because there's a lot of
different things going on in my life at
the moment a lot of different big
projects that I'm working on something
that you guys know about like the book
some that you guys don't know about just
yet but tons and tons of different big
things nothing like kicking up nothing
in particular I'm feeling the pressure a
lot sub spent some time this evening
doing different things that keep me calm
they keep me not thinking about too much
because as soon as you I always find
that like times that when I'm in bed
before I go to sleep I just overthink I
just get thinking and then I can't stop
thinking I don't think that's just me I
see a lot of people tweet and stuff like
that in the evenings but I just wanted
to sit down and say if you ever feel
that there's too many different things
pulling you in different directions that
that is time currently feeling at the
moment feel like there's so many things
that I need to do different things every
single day and then I just can't figure
out what other right things to do and
what things I need like I there's too
much mess so I just pick something and I
just do it and then everything else just
get pushed to the side too many
different things going on my life than
this it's hard because they're all
excited things they're all fun things
and when they pop up and I get off at it
from their management or my PA and I'm
like yeah yeah of course I want to do
that course on it of course I wanna do
that talk yeah Tyler and Kim of course
I'm going to come and hang out with you
guys of course you and I'm going to film
this video and then when it comes
actually doing it or Finland I'm just
like oh my god how am I meant to do this
this isn't this isn't possible for one
human being
but it has to be because because I've
booked it all in and I shouldn't be
doing that and then my vlogs I feel like
they're much more me just being at home
Zoe and I'm so busy during the days I
can't film and the thing that I love
about having this as my job is that and
don't work a normal 9 to 5 job and I can
go out and hang out my friends make fun
videos but I'm not getting to do that
because I'm booking my diary so damn
busy that I don't get to make my fun
videos from my YouTube channels I
haven't even uploaded on my main channel
in six months like I know these are all
first world problems and I'm in the
grand bigger picture I'm not loading sin
on the guys from a lifestyle difference
in my life is so difficult all I'm
saying currently at the moment booking
too many things in my diary and looking
too many things to do to put this out
there on the internet because that is
what I do
film calm feeling and what I'm up to
every single day over the next month I
want to click lick lick lick lick clear
out all my diary so that for the next
life time I'm doing a select few things
incredibly well and not trying to cram
in tons of things and do them quite well
how do you know do you guys have any
tips on on how to achieve this have you
ever took on too much work at school or
college or uni or work or too many
things in your life of you ever just had
a third child or got another dog and
you've also got your work commitments
and there's so many things going to new
life and you've gotta a method a
technique that really really helped you
let me know down below that be
incredibly useful for me tonight that
thing that's calmed me that not commish
me now not like stress like angry I'm
just I'm just like it's like I'm running
a race against Usain Bolt I want to win
but it ain't gonna happen because it's
Usain Bolt I don't know what else to say
I'm kind of said everything how I'm
feelin I'm going to take this big old
stack appointment book three pages and
I'm going to sign them all for you guys
that is my plan for this evening
this makes me so happy I've done 1/3
guys 1 that that there is 3000 or
hopefully it should be 3333 I need to
get a bit I got the gym early tomorrow
morning and I've just been reading
through the comments on my new vlog and
I just want to say that the notification
shout out of today goes to Rebecca Matt
love thank you so much Rebecca for the
love and support over the last five
years that is mind-blowing I hope you've
enjoyed the video guys we made such a
great video or it hasn't been edited but
we film such a great video for she wants
Channel today so I'm so excited for that
if you're not already subscribed to Sean
go down below subscribe to Sean go check
out I mean you didn't see him put me in
the video but Zack the cameraman I try
and leave his links down below i
schooled Zack lower on Instagram the
most insane videos yet ever see I'm just
rambling I need to get some sleep I'll
catch you in the morning
goodnight
to pay
