good morning guys good morning welcome
back yeah if you saw yesterday's vlog
knowing I spent a ton of time last night
watching back old videos so I just
wanted to start off the video like that
I was tempted to even start the video if
you've been watching me incredibly long
you will know that I used to start off
the video going what's up guys and I was
tempted to even stop the video like that
but I chose the good old good morning
guys
because I thought more of you would know
that intro let me know whichever
interview you know let me know if you
like what the heck is going on don't
know even these into exactly what's
happening to you this morning humble kid
I've got a meeting started in 17 minutes
at the house and it's basically is
called a bye angle I mean I don't know
what it's called about biannual because
it's not actually biannual technically
by the words by annual I think would
mean every other year I don't really
shiny for some reason anyways the words
biannual to me would mean every other
annual buy meaning to yes but that this
meeting I have every six months it's
called a biannual I feel like it should
be called like a buy three months or
every six months anyways doesn't matter
I had this meeting every six months with
my management and and we go through
everything over the last six months how
everything worked well how everything
didn't work well how we can change
things so that things work better how
many videos are making how many times
I'm working with brands because the aim
is to work with for me personally is to
work obviously as you guys know brands
pay quite a big chunk of like youtubers
and people's money that we earn by doing
like sponsored videos and supply that
but I don't really do many sponsored
videos like if you actually watch my
videos like if you actually watch all my
videos where you look that now I
literally do a sponsor like every three
months
and it's always with a brand that
actually loved like the last bunch of
video I did was ages ago and I was
racing around sports cars around the Top
Gear track and that was site sponsored
as little racing sports cars around the
track good top gear yeah we talked about
with that we talked about working on
other things outside of YouTube and how
that stops go and have a creator stores
go in how many merchants DICE's go in if
you haven't already got any be be much
links down below so like I currently
been electrocuted now I don't know we
just about everything basically it's a
big old meetin so that means it probably
gone and gone for like four hours or so
so so I'm trying to duel to the washing
up that I was meant to do last night but
I couldn't fit it all in the dishwasher
so most of it stayed there and then I
can be booked and wash up so I'm just
renting the dishwasher and filling it
back up and having my breakfast and I
had to cancel the gym this morning
because the gym is meant to be at 9:00
to 10:00 but my meeting starts at 9:00
house a long start to the blog and again
like yesterday I'm not going to turn
back to myself tidying up and everything
last time I did that smashed two bowls
went everywhere just before I carry on
the tidying up and everything I hope you
guys are having a lovely day what you up
to let me know as usual in the comments
and just remember if there's something
in life that you want go and get it
going like there's no one there's
nothing else stopping you except you
even if it seems impossible at the time
at the moment right now obviously you
can't achieve the end goal without doing
the process to get there that might take
a long time but do it whatever it is do
it anyways just I say that so I want you
guys to do more of what makes you happy
in life
I just been editing the vlog in a cafe
whilst I was in a meeting at home and
I'm kind of driving past Aldi garage
which is where I got my Audi a3 from and
they've got a secondhand Aldi r8 in
black parked outside and told myself
that I'm not allowed to get this car all
of you guys have been coming to 70 still
want me to get this car but I can't got
the Range Rover although very nice share
this car anyways anyway I'm not getting
a new car
I'm just getting out the car and I
parked it just to look at it
we're just looking and I know the guy
Andrew who works here it's going to try
to straight me to bloom and get it sucks
we're just looking today secondhand this
is like the cheapest alright that I've
seen around but that's why I'm here
look at there
that's what I'm talking about v8 engine
all black inside they've got the new one
in here as well
look how meaty is oh yeah
faster goals I didn't vlog it but I went
outside with the keys Andrew wasn't
there but it but another colleague was
there and he let me put the keys in and
I was revving the car and I want to know
they re more than ever but I can't guys
the car I can't do it it's too expensive
my insurance would be no what we say
okay you say it guys it's half-past
seven we've just finished our last
meeting for the day date today is the
19th I'm going to guess it's actually
the 18th the 18th is that any better why
not all can I have this this is
delicious this morning that you know I
have a meeting starting at 9 o'clock
guys
my PA popjam got us all breakfast for
the meeting there was like six of us and
somebody did them on there one of these
this is like it's from a place inviting
called eat naked I mean you don't
actually eat make it especially not in
my meeting you have to eat it naked it's
basically like delicious oats peanut
butter which fun fact I used to actually
hate peanut butter on us younger and now
I love it honey banana I don't really
even know what's actually in here ah
most people I know have an obsession
with ordering that clothes online that
online shopping I just can't do it
because then I can't tell if it fits me
or not whenever going to a shop I have
to try everything on but I risk that
last night I ordered one two three four
five vests off of Amazon five different
vests and we're going to try them we're
going to see what they look like we're
not over not carefully just in case that
I fit me so I can return by on a film
your reaction do you like it
you don't like that what's wrong with
your face
guys I love it so much as I have to get
this I think it was like four pounds or
six pounds or something oh my god
die I think it's bad no I basically
bought six sleeveless tee why am I not
in focus
hello hello what's your request and then
ask Rob I bought six like sleeveless
t-shirts that like this one here do you
like the back of this side yeah guys
have a look oh I just clicked my chair
holiday no man I don't wanna go straight
always sorry everybody surprise holiday
okay
yeah simply bought these so that in the
evenings I can just wear them to like
chilling because I just don't really own
any best so I just want something a bit
more like throw it on and just chill
this is what we're having for dinner
tonight I what I don't like I'm just
sore so it's all good I love my plastic
plain then we've got peace as well
I took all the bins out Zoey was having
a massive meeting at oh can I not film
in there that thing in there might I'd
say that it now today is the best
evening ever I'm currently watching or
catching up on broadchurch last night a
Monday night wait that was last night
was the final episode of broadchurch
which you guys know is literally my
favorite series ever it ended up being
exactly who I thought it was going to be
me and not as Oh II did what I thought
it was going to be it was who I thought
it was going to be not as though he
thought it was like a choices leg
because I think I might be the last one
who said it had the last ever at the
last ever episode and this entire you've
been amok it was like the man before you
know the federal Amell like oh yeah stop
his broad chest but why would he have
set that as a slip over the law so it
feels like they really tied all open it
ball so I just did shed a tear
no you didn't did you actually know you
didn't come here that's okay so give it
it's over I would like to sing also that
she can smell oh yeah I bet I don't I
don't know to be a YouTube yeah I don't
want to kinda right there one annoyed
Boyle anything please tell us if we
inspired her to become a YouTube yeah I
got an islet so much more than we don't
want to spoil anything but at one point
one of the women the judge read the
journal if I don't want to get think of
anything away that's not really giving a
story at one point the journalist said
that's it I'm becoming a youtuber I'm
going to become a blogger and we're both
like I'm gonna vlog
oh I'm taking it not a shout-out those I
got to charge me I got to me like
waiting for them to say like zoella or
something but they didn't so kind of
itis let us know if the journalist
watches our videos if we inspired them
at all because we tweet about the show a
lot and she wants to become a vlog and
it could be I some little bit unsure
about me I think the church I think why
did the writer and the journalist watch
every day but that's why she was never a
character not Harold a lot of people in
real her I will never know like Leslie
was like I'm just going to free so I'm
going to change the script on the day
because I love our piece video say if
you're the writer abroad she watching
this can you please tell me that that's
not the last ever one yes or I will be
so
sad if there's like an issue annexed
which I don't know if there is or isn't
but if there is please can Bourget
people BBC or whoever please can you
tweet me or Zoe saying yes there will be
another season I do that I get DMS I
promise I went to anybody I would never
do that but I don't know with me I know
that you're probably running out of
crazy things to happen in broadchurch
because there has been a murder and now
that was you know shouldn't become a
broader that's not really how it goes
but I know you're running out of
scandals but there must be someone more
well more scandal then gobby in that
little town so far we actually I don't
want to ruin anything anyway how how
like surprised you that I guess that I
guessed it all right okay but we all
know you didn't and I did so how
surprised were you that yes yes you have
guessed it I got the main person right
yeah I mean some of you might not
watched it yet but it was good I don't
think many people would have predicted
that person right we can't leak any bit
more Tyler Oakley just like my Instagram
did you see mainstream earlier yeah me
hmm guys if you don't follow me on
Instagram go and follow Jen that's right
like five mil gorgeous I've got an eye
that's a lot smaller this has something
happened
oka net even good open they're still
closed thankfully Turing poppy about
project and Moore's are going to say yet
guys if you don't already follow me on
Instagram link is down below my knee
bullies best no she did actually I love
you yeah what did you squeeze her like
stroking her stomach oh no just all
crafts and all the lights off literally
our bedroom lights aren't even on by
showing you guys knowledge new this bed
just this great thing at the bottom of
our bed here but but she's got like a
single duvet in it and a pillow
haven't you so you literally got your
own little bed guys and just remember
that not allowed to not like to end the
blog in bed and my last one with a
bedroom either why not
flitter than the other day my bag nice
play polkas my gin and tonics and then I
was empty in my back yeah that rocks on
it me throwing away of all reserve all
guys kind in the vlog here
I shouldn't even doing this oh I see you
in the morning I'm currently editing the
vlog sit ignore all this like pretend
this isn't here okay these logs are
clean and polished and ignore the mess
and currently go through the comments on
the vlog and the top comment has 986
that is ridiculous what the top comment
itself has nearly a thousand thumbs up
986 thumbs up it's from poppy bow and it
reads hey athlete I don't have any
social media so I can't tweet you so
that when I read Russian so I can't
tweet you have had a black coughing up
into the gym and I'm like dude it isn't
I can't tweet show you the idea
notifications on for all your channel
was an zone these channels as well if
anyone else sees this please can you
like it so if you can see it by the way
love your videos happening thanks for
inspiring me to be myself but that's
like the ultimate goal of a comment it's
lovely
inspiring you to be yourself and you've
got my notifications turned on and you
watch Zoe as well poppy you're amazing
thank you sir is this my sister poppy
you trying to get yourself a shout-out
for your blog I'm Jay killer JK this not
really if you want to shout out in
tomorrow's video guys all you have to do
is subscribe ten more notifications on
and comment down below that you've done
it or tweet me comment on my Instagram
or Facebook or where wherever you want
to let me know the agama notifications
on send me a screenshot or something
just about it if you enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up I know that these
vlogs recent they've been a little bit
chilled and I always get nervous whether
that's a good thing or whether you
expect me to be like us I see so many
other youtubes do like crazy fun amazing
things every single day like jumping off
cliffs going skydiving swimming with
sharks
hanging out with 20 friends at once all
then swimming in a crystal clear sea in
the Maldives and stuff and then there's
me that's just like on the sofa watching
TV with my girlfriend and my dog and I
don't know there's a ton of you guys
that watch them and I am just filming my
life this is black currently ending my
vlog sitting
with load of dirty washing the X to me
that needs to be done but I really thank
you so much for following my shield my
chilled days as well as my fun days
because I think that's it's so bloody
lovely of you to watch and enjoy and
take the time out of your day to watch
these videos and when I'm just chillin
doing not so much as the days when I'm
on holiday our family or traveling with
friends and stuff like that so
absolutely thank you thank you thank you
thank you it means a lot and I hope you
guys enjoy these videos and I'll catch
you tomorrow catch you tomorrow for a
new blog subscribers can already give
the video a thumbs up I'll see you at 5
p.m. tomorrow good night guys
