I always find starting my vlogs after
having a day or two off of vlog in
really really difficult like I've been
putting this off all day because I just
feel like I just like I'm out the loop
like a donor how to blog for some reason
it sounds so weird but having a day or
two off well I haven't had them off I've
been literally in bed just being sick
constantly like I just couldn't anything
anything I drunk came straight out but
I'm now feeling about 80% better I'm
still quite tired because I didn't eat
for like 30 hours or something but the
thing that sucks is that I had such a
big Easter videos that I've been hyping
up to you guys and I've had it planned
for like weeks I suggested that I was
going to do it months ago you guys have
been waiting for it I'm not going to
tell you what it is yet I'm still not
going to tell you what it is because I
can still do it but it just won't be for
Easter it's just gonna have to be a
couple of days late so I'm gonna do it
still don't worry but it would just be
coming out this week at some point
because because I spend a lot of time
fattening it and buying things to make
it happen that I still want to do it but
it's just is the theme and Easter
related but it's just no but it's just
not going to come out and on Easter like
it is meant to because I was just in bed
all day I had quite a chilled start to
this morning pop in Sean came over for
breakfast and in fact they cooked us
breakfast whilst I taught poppy and
showed her all different camera settings
and how to shoot images in different
ways for our blog because probably
showing it off to New York pretty soon
and and probably wanting to learn some
new camera techniques I was just
teaching as new stuff for a blog and we
just let her be a lens that me and Zoey
have got as well so that she can take
even better pictures while she's away
and and I signed a ton of these all of
these runs are signed and these ones
aren't signed and this is one box out of
three I've got ten thousand to sign once
I've done all of this that's three
thousand three hundred done and today is
the kind of perfect day where I haven't
got a ton of energy I've just been
sitting down moistu on to the others and
just signing and siding away we're
currently watching Doctor
mentor all about David Attenborough
look how lazy my dog is you have a Nkosi
Easter in about half an hour's time I'm
off to go and see Brighton play football
again
Holly and I bought tickets the other day
and we bought mine have you got blue
yeah Holly and I bought tickets the
other day for the Brighton match and my
mum and dad are coming with us
today's game is going to be incredible
if we win I think now I don't know too
much about Footwear you guys know that I
don't know too much about football but
I've lived in Brighton since I was like
4 years old and I've always gone to like
a couple of games every season with my
dad most of the old stadium but now
we've got like a new snazzy well I said
no it's not that new on newer Stadium if
we win this game today then we're going
to get promoted like the atmosphere if
we win today it's going to be crazy like
it'd be I only thinks that everyone's
going to run on the pitch like it's
going to be ridiculous Thank You Sara
ok I love their need to take I want to
buy one of these today are they sewed up
yeah ok not is not on sale I know
Patrick you are not my mother
yeah you never see then thanks so much
got myself a cheeseburger a little
bottle of water
just trying to find our seats now I
managed to get my camera and however
they thought their little tribe whether
it goes on the bottom could be use as a
weapon for their take from my tribe
model for things let us do what my camp
resemble get 350 gradual
Oh
halftimes just over second half the game
is still one deal I just got myself a
Bovril another bottle of water and a
Twix my camera's also flash and lit
about run out charge any second mom and
dad are here as well it's so sunny it
would go out to say god jumpers and
stuff off
there's two minutes left of the game
there's two one - bye Jen this is so
bloody tense I can't even describe look
how much more than Europeans coming out
just so that people can't run on the
pitch
the 90th minute
oh my god look at everyone running on
the ditch
when we were speaking it's a bit
security a minute ago there is no chance
anyone will be able to come to the den
we've got such tight security
now look again
we're going to have to go by mum and
Holly what there is easily like 20,000
people on the pitch jar there's mom look
at Bob I bet all you dry in the middle
and volume one of the players or
something
only Utley going to be in the middle G I
want to first people it is what the
Pitts currently looks like my camera
kind of ran out of charge when I'm back
now and I'm just doing all of the
washing up but I'm not going to
time-lapse it because the last time the
other day I try and lapse myself for the
first time I was like guys people really
that this thing will speed cleaning
which is really time that's yourself
cleaning up and I recorded the
time-lapse for you guys and smashed two
balls everywhere by accident so I'm
about to do all of this washing up from
this morning and stuff and put it in the
dishwasher and and sort it all out
I'm not going to film it because I feel
like that's just bad luck if I film at
then I'll concentrate on filming it and
then I'm just going to splash something
again so and I currently laying in bed
watching family vloggers open their
Christmas presents I'm just jealous of
the amount presents because that they've
got these gifts have got the most
amazing Christmas present actually good
night o go cry when other people cry oh
she's so happy this vide has 22 million
views in 3 months 22 million wait more
than any of my videos yes I am Elsie
firstly and he said wake up in ten
minutes and I just tried to wake him up
and he said do you remember what you
said to me you don't remember you said
you said I did enjoy this thing in and I
went what singing me went you're both
singing I was like he was singing is it
you and your sister is it I was like
what are you all about
apparently me and my sister were singing
and Alfie really sorry
and what are we singing you don't know
damn well we good at it yeah
was my sister called I'd really like to
know why we're clear asleep I'm so cozy
oh yeah I'm not going to sleep until not
two months so I wait you up in two
months then have you got a lot on in the
next two months yeah what can you try
and open your eyes try a little harder
you can do it I believe in you come on
look at me look look how funny this is
gut ah so and I watching my old old what
they did upload this August the 1st
August the 1st oh we do
vlogging everyday a little bit but it's
also vlogging every day on April a good
leader but 2011 that picture of you is
awful is that like a selfie we look up
at it I cut around itself yeah all right
let's watch and see why did it's 47
seconds you say what's up there guys
what the hell this is what something
guys this all difference which means in
Veda vlog every day in August
now I myself I'm going to be trying to
do this on my second channel I might not
be able to do every single day which
always I'm going to try and do just
because I must speaking also fast three
days it could be how animated you look
down under a minute long every single
video and the topics are going to be
chosen by you guys so this is just an
explaining video day one of these is you
saying I'm doing Veda
yeah let's see date a always stretch
that some now
just for dipping background then I
realized that for my family down there
so it's probably not the best place to
film and I filmed Elena sitting on my
bed again today and today's topic is
American accents and I've got 10 thumbs
up so I thought why not talk about that
one then thumbs up yes so first this is
my video play prep that we didn't even
say bye that's it done
I didn't even end my videos I just
stopped speaking that's 22,000 views
thank very much thank you
I listened not caring watching some
videos actually so bad like actually
can't handle them all so let's show them
the some nails look at this cave in this
oh my gosh I remember this oh my god you
are the guys on Twitter or face we
probably wouldn't notice that we just
have your competition got me then we
ordered some good Jamie yummy look at
him my video thumbnails back in the day
were just all the same how much maybe
nothing made one thumbnail and then just
added a number also look at this this is
old school Alfie this is like I used to
be the worst youtuber at uploading on
toilet cadets number nine and I know I
said number 11 number 21 there number 26
so that when they read the day 11 today
21 men today 26 UV name already videos
oh no like they're just not that is the
biggest insult
Edler because you're the belly babe
click on that video here's the cutest
viewer of my uncle Benny boy you think
deal with messages
imagine these people still watch guys is
that me know if this is you or your
friends
we love you awesome - Sadie oh my gosh I
remember that girl she's to come to so
many me proud remember let you go out
bana another boy Ben he used to make
videos himself you're so here I'm at
Sam's blackmail isn't it oh my god
look at the date look at em so is it
really looks executive 2012 Sam guys if
you don't know this is now by a friend
of Michael Sam oh my god funny that is
so fun kind of just remember that we
have the rule of no filming in the bed
and I'm already back filming in the
bedroom it's not going to happen again I
don't know it's just because we we came
to bed early today
legal arms tucked up I've just come
downstairs to fill up my bottle of water
but I also wanted to say what there's
good lighting rather than in bed it's
like nearly pitch-black and listen we
vlogging in bed as I just said at the
beginning of the video I mentioned how I
find it difficult to get back into
vlogging when I've had time off and well
not so much time off but until over the
last couple of days so I had two days
off a vlog in it is strange that even
I've done this for like three years now
like more or less every single day for
three years I've been talking to this
camera follow my day round and uploading
it the day after it happened whenever
there's a day or two that I don't film
getting back into it
is so bloomin difficult like I forget to
get the camera out
I find it awkward talking to the camera
I don't know how to start
sentient like talking to the camera is
more difficult than you think it is like
if you watch people who daily vlog or
even just let you sit down videos and
you think oh that's so easy I could do
that honestly try out yourself even if
you don't ever want to make youtube
videos just try it yourself to upload it
it's such a weird thing like I remember
when I first properly started YouTube
and I put my camera up in the bedroom
Wow and I'd be like hello hey guys hey
hi how you did like I just wouldn't know
how to start it it took me so so long
just to like start the video off that's
kind of what I like revert that kid
without meaning to when I have time off
of youtube I just forgot an explainer so
today's vlog was a little bit short a
little bit less chatty that is exactly
why because it will and/or super clear
in a supermax I mean not much because
everyone is chanting and screaming the
entire time I just wanted to clear that
up
guess you're watching this and you know
he doesn't seem into normal self because
I feel weird talking to the camera today
I feel different
I'm not in my usual on now literally
pitch one there's candle left on a
blooming lucky I just hit up all the
blinds down in here it was like there
was a sign guys the guinea pigs just
started going crazy to fill up the water
because it was running really really low
I did hear it just flees so I went to
fill up their water took their bottle
over there and one of these gas Hobbs
one of these was just on did you want to
burn the house down
I just turned all of the I just turned
all of the lights off downstairs to like
lock up I'm one of the Hobbes still on
yeah you left it on all day
ah well that was lucky that the guinea
pig started moaning and was that good
not ended well
though is still watching old videos my
titles were so gone back then cuddles
with the guinea pigs that was because of
my vlog who remembers when I did
Movember that's what we're commonly
watch it when I grew my moustache for a
month well I grew everything everything
for like three weeks then I shaved all
of this off and I was just left the
worst massage ever okay they just ladle
the soap with the guinea pigs you're in
that room we never watch TV in that room
anymore
Hey we always yeah not to plug my own
vlogs but if you haven't seen my old
vlogs often daily blogging for like
three years or something you need to go
back and watch them look at your vote in
the lawn
oh my god my office is at home I loved
that I mean I still love my office but
it's kind of all the way in town whereas
when it is over so easy to use you are
singing a song I was just singing to
myself I was singing to herself that
Zoey's filming me secretly
today's notification shout-out goes to
hopeful days on Twitter at Hook's days I
think her name is Caroline but I'm not
too sure but it does say Caroline so
Caroline Thank You Velma notifications
on I've just liked your tweet and you
are currently going crazy on Twitter and
there are so many people tweeting news
saying congratulations that I like to
tweet so I hope that this shouter in the
blog is a one up for me liking your
tweet so hopeful days on Twitter
thanks so much so it's currently
watching did you know that one regret in
life we're watching the day that Nala
arrived home that plugs for 4.2 million
views I'll catch you to my guys we
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up
subscribe do the nice things leave a
nice comment and then let's try and get
let's try and get like 40 thousand likes
from this video that's your challenge
all team up go down below forty thousand
likes
and then protecting the warning guys
also quickly before I go can we talk
about how Brighton just got promoted
today that is crazy
frightened just got promoted I catching
the morning
