good morning guys
give money how you doing today you join
me on the trampoline you know it's
Friday but it's weird
well it's Good Friday to them the UK
which I don't actually know what it
resembles like what it means all I know
is that it's like a public holiday which
means nobody goes to work and nobody
goes to school so this weekend is like a
massive weekend with a Friday off and
obviously Saturday Sunday and then it's
Bank Holiday Monday which is also a
public holiday so so we have a four-day
weekend just got back from the gym and
had a shower and stuff I've kind of run
a bit keen I put on shorts and a vest
today like it is absolutely lovely
weather outside however I don't know if
it's actually that hot or not but I'm
going to stick with it
see what happens but first before we get
going with a day this is what I've got
to sort I agreed with oh yes so that she
makes dinner I will tidy up the dinner
and the main am kind of stood everywhere
I got told the other day by Louise that
apparently there is a thing on YouTube
called speed cleaning which is where
people have YouTube channels where they
clean their house or tidy up their house
and fast-forward it and apparently it's
like super enjoyable to watch because
you're watching mess be tidied up I
don't have a clue I'm going to put the
camera down fast-forward and cleaning
all of this mess up and you can let me
know in the comments if you if you enjoy
that I don't think it's for everybody
but apparently it's a new thing that's
going viral do you like that and I'm
kind of jealous of you because views
this is it you're going to look like 5
or 10 seconds but for me this is
probably going to take me like half an
hour also three two one
well that's ended the time-lapse I've
kind of smashed a couple of bowls oh I
kind of now need to tidy up all of this
mess I put these ones in and then it
went like that moved and knocked the
edge of one of them and they both fall
on top of each other like that one they
were all
I'll buy new ones put them all into a
little box facilitate the option that
nothing can come out I finish the
dishwasher is on everything is a hundred
percent all clean and all tidy and this
room so much better as well will the
blinds open or the pillows fluff or the
dirty dishes gone and clean the only bad
thing is that we now have two less bowls
you somebody then you
man I'd love to be a pug you just get to
chill all day we all put massage no not
you Nala
we just finished his lover what
unfortunately I said you are this fair
it looks like I'd like chopped it for a
prank look at that
only come forward it literally looks
like I've gone like this for a bright
light and that's like a little cool
right
we're bad from these Timbs episodes
because we don't want to be late anymore
we don't like them being late and I've
been late a couple of times reason this
with film in for tomorrow the day you're
watching this and also filming for
Wednesday
so we're ahead of ourselves maybe we
should even try and do another one
well we need to go out as well today
it's Easter on Sunday it's currently
fried it keeps on throw me off that is
actually Friday it's exactly what it
feels like Saturday because obviously no
one's working in the UK today in the
shops on like I don't know we need to
bind Easter Egg for Sunday's well we
also have something very very big
planned and at Easter video that you
guys have been asking me to do for a
while let's just say it's going to be
incredible then a very very big easter
video for the vlogs
oh no right three
here we go I can't actually tell you why
we're in home base all I'm going to say
again is that this Easter video that I'm
doing for my blog is going to be sick
it's going to be so so good here we go I
think soft that thick like wanted no but
you want like a bit bigger with a big
width is possible then sign up here
under that smooth is the same the
beginning there are some nice copper
alright we've got our three all good the
only not good thing kind of forgot my
wallet so you're gonna have to buy them
thank you we've just come to M&S and the
reason why we're here is because as you
know if you've been watching the blogs
we all did a family rattle to see who
has to buy who and Easter Egg and I'm
not going to say who we've got and I'm
not going to say which egg we're buying
because no my family they've already
watched these or you guys will tweet
them but we've come to M&S and there is
some sick Easter eggs so look at that
quirky bunny teardrop egg
boy I wish I got myself that looks
amazing
are you buying a whole cake a circular
cake called a smash cake we just been
getting loads of protein for me some hot
cross buns for all of us and now for egg
shopping this one literally looks
unbelievable by then we have to get
someone that do not think I want to
kinda score the other side okay let's go
to the proper section this one's my
favorite
see I saw that and I did think that my
person like
I hope you've got me I don't know who's
Harry's got he's not that these are call
because then you'd have to eat it all in
one go
gorgeous I think I nice I'll be for an
Instagram or that one we're getting to
the point where I'm going to cut the
camera cuz we're about to decide I'm
sorry I'm sorry
just finished eating lunch and now it is
time for a kind of naughty snap I'm
really really mad some chocolate there's
not only rewinding it when were in M and
s I really really wanted some chocolate
and I saw this this is like naughty
that's 45% and then this side here is
85% dark chocolate is way better for you
the milk chocolate so it's a great like
show all in moderation dye amazing no oh
my god I like some of the like dark
chocolate surprise in your soul clocks
it I would never reach the dark
chocolate and try that milk chocolate
one so for it's time to sign tons more
of the new book this is the fourth group
of people outside the house in like half
an hour the fourth group of people
outside the house today I wouldn't be
filming them if you could see their
faces properly four groups of people in
half an hour and in so many of my blocks
I tell you guys how much we don't like
people ringing on the doorbell yes so
many people still do that's why I even
my mum in your mum don't come to my
house uninvited yeah
my family wouldn't turn up without
letting us know in advance so we're just
sitting here on the sofa eating lunch
and just then you see what's happened
just there that's the mom and the son
Alan hello
and then the mum like job back in the
car they've got back in the car in the
drive away and I'm you like Nick she
playing knock-knock ginger be like a 40
year old woman what are you doing what
what a great game to teach your kids how
to play not going to strangers house and
then we drive away
it's just
courteous it's so rude who is what we do
anyone yeah
anyone at all I like it
and no matter if they are what they do
like it blows my mind and that's it's
really four times in the last half an
hour let alone the rest of the day and
stuff guys and since I've just been
sitting down eating my lunch
it blows my mind though like I can
understand like it's not okay and we
never ever pictures or go and speak to
people but if it's just kids encouraging
each other and being like oh go on you
go knock you knock anything more I can
understand it but when it's parents
driving their kids to your house which
is 95% of the time like that just then
the mum literally rang the doorbell with
the slug I said hello and then they ran
away what kind of message is that
teaching your children to do to a
stranger's house but I don't get it I
don't I'm not going to judge her
parenting but when I have kids that is
one thing that I will not be teaching
with just to do my mom would kill me now
when I was younger and it was like
Halloween and stuff if I had knocked in
someone's house and ran away
my mum would have liked told me off so
bad never that's I'm saying like even
Halloween which is like you don't really
know say if I kissed my mom I'm going to
go and bring on this kind of house I
think I'll get a selfie my mom will be
like oh no you're not
yes like really think what they might be
doing then maybe marelize like yeah but
like now look outside there's oh wow
there's a letter thrown over our
driveway as well if you want to think of
stuff there's addresses online you don't
come to the house I think what I might
do is find a Delos dress and go and tell
her that like around her new album now I
think Adele would want to know what I
think on a new album so I might just go
and find because she's got a house to
Brighton I might Google the address and
go and then just knock on the door and I
listen well no no
so more people there now already yeah
just got back from taking Nana out for a
walk and I'm preparing for a night of
poker with the boys so earlier on I
bought some limes I bought two of these
of my favorite tonic water and then I've
got a big old bottle of gin which I've
already started I was going to bite it
obviously we're not going to drink that
much don't you worry I was going to buy
like a good sized gin something that
I've never tried before for gin and
tonics for one of us but I forgot my
wallet as you saw and Zoey forgot her ID
so there was no chance we're going to be
able to get alcohol so I just have to
look at what we've got here which is
like at 90% jeans because as you guys
know a love a gin and tonic if you like
gin and tonic you will love that but I
just need to learn Bill it in the back
I've just ordered a taxi as well because
obviously if I'm drinking I'm not going
to be driving tonight see you later bye
bye little one let me see
how's it going and Connor
