good morning guys good morning how you
doing I'm currently in London at my
friend and Ryan's flat you all know
right and he's the one that gave me and
Zoey the custom bmxs I got here last
night at like 2:00 in the morning ended
up staying up till 4:30 in the morning
or something ridiculous just chatting
and watching YouTube videos and catching
up and now we've gotten up super early
it's like not even 8 a.m. or something
like that yeah
Ryan's just made me the best coffee ever
for breakfast
it's friend of holly's here as well but
I want you guys to see this this is
ridiculous as you know Ryan is the BMX
man he's had this built about his flat
as you casually do literally in the
centre of London that was straight up in
the centre of London and on his rooftop
flat like his penthouse
what are we taking out with us then I
honestly think you should said this yeah
well one of us has to at least charged
out we were like this guy's played you
don't know anything with him this guy's
this time he's safe he's got a fence
around smash straight for an electric
magnetic door absolutely shoot I think
I'll get to see what happens God you got
one guy and then I got one go now you
can't go anywhere
what that's for the scale
we have like two minutes until I need to
who's ringing me father
uber hello but I've got like two minutes
or not even two minutes after we
downstairs in the human like now I'm off
to go shoot a podcast episode with
Reggie Yates who recently launched a
podcast and then we've just been
messaging each other recently about
working out together and hanging out and
stuff and he was like yelling - come on
my podcast and I'm like sick of course
wanna come on your podcast so that's
what I'm doing
although he literally couldn't be
further this is the thing we've living
in London when somebody says I don't you
want to hang out live in London I assume
because I don't live here that that's
probably like not going to take more
than 20 minutes half an hour to get to
each other that's where I'm wrong just
put in his address where we're going to
film one hour and ten minutes away like
that's longer than what it took me from
Brighton to get to London to go from one
side of London to the man everyone else
has left and has gone out for the day
but they um they left me in the flat
trying to make sure because they've all
left that I haven't forgotten anything
I think I'm going with a wallet Mohan
mobile camera that's what the important
stuff hey how's it going
finished up recording the podcast it was
literally an in-and-out thing as soon as
I got in there quite headphones on got
miked up and everything so I literally
had no time to record
anyways I've just jumped in a taxi
currently outside Gucci because I got a
Gucci necklace from my parents for
Christmas
however when it turned up it was broken
so I'm gonna try and see if what they
can fix it I Casper and Josh's just
finish it in videocast this channel just
realized I literally vlog nothing josh
is still salty because I've spoken about
this so many times my blog about nine
months ago I came over here and I filmed
a video of Josh and Caspar and it was
from my points blog YouTube channel
which I didn't reload to nine months ago
so it just kind of never went anywhere
but we did film a video I'm good at
should I put a bit of it in this blog
video do you want the video oh but I'm
intro in it an outro I'll give you a
free white egg Oh Mike a priest white
hat good
how do you get them by the way you have
to be sorry I don't even get snowy but
mine's just crying George was here on
his channel Eli said need the file it
what it was against the youtuber guess
the YouTube so I hacked all these
computer because he didn't wanna upload
this and I'm finally putting it up but
that could be that video yeah we could
do that to dry I'm gonna put a clip it a
clip of it in this video in this vlog
and if this blog gets the way in which
this game
is you need to each come up with buzzer
noise hold my ass it's all I came from
within the couch the vibration will just
go a reasonable matter thumbs up because
I know Josh runs the video up if this
blog gets 250,000 thumbs up like if the
blog if this blog gets how many know it
was a good video I want it okay give the
video a thumbs up if you want to see it
are we transfer cast for the footage
yeah I'll give you the footage there's a
free video but now you can have a week
off I'm off I got to go catch a train do
you want the footage me he order white
shadow I'll get a video of my gaming
channel
oh I'll edit it and put it on Twitter
there we go
yeah but right I'm off farewell guys
thank you so much
I haven't said this in a while oh sorry
y'all getting overtaken always take the
stairs she knows that it is cold guys
why did I not bring a coat with me I've
got to walk home now this is exactly
what I need right now
no that was so stale yeah that was like
you know when you leave a bit of cheese
out on the edge of it was really hard
that is literally what that was like
but in Jaffa Cake form may be the next
one the second one down might be good
let's try the next one down mm all right
needs to come out bread with me I think
there's only about one left in that well
coming up to bed are you doing Manny
good good good
oh I'm heading to bed if you've enjoyed
the vlog everybody give it a big thumbs
up subscribe if you're not already I'll
catch you in the morning
yours the weekend cuz I did I'll see you
then good night
okay
