yeah haven't even sucked my vlog
yesterday good morning guys how you
doing I just got that form well actually
that's what I didn't just get back I got
back a couple of hours ago from a gym
session worked on my chest today on my
boobies on my pecs and now I'm just
sitting down to edit the blog more about
halfway through eating some pesto
courgette tea and green salad doesn't
look that good but it I mean it does to
me it just doesn't look good in the
camera and I've got a very grown-up
drink an innocent smoothie just for kids
actually loving this and smoothies he
hikes at 9:00 is too hot so but you can
try if you want
and from my dessert I've even got a
dessert from my lunch everybody
we've got a fruit salad and these are my
favorite kind of fruit do you know how
much I love blueberries now are they
like I love blueberries Wow until three
months ago absolutely hated them like
will never eat one never and now
obsessed with them like I could eat
judge it couldn't just eat them just
blueberries by themselves today we've
got Tyler Oakley coming over all the way
from LA Joey Graceffa all the way from
LA and Daniel all the way from Eilat
like they're literally flown over just
to hang out of us today if they have I'm
going to tell everyone they have then
they think that we're really special
then this loan was the way out just to
see us for the day they have really they
were at like an event in Amsterdam and
then they flown over to London I think
they did a bit of work here and hanging
out people I need you I don't really
awesome I saw Tyler like I honestly done
it was the last in a challenge no hotter
it wasn't in your blood not in my house
I feel like I see you tonight I feel
like I've seen him in the last year have
I no was you know I playlist when I went
to playlist this one a year ago August
is the last time we saw actually
probably July because that would have
been for his August so that we've been
saved all gasp oh my we haven't seen
Tyler for like two years
and we're back I feel like to see him
with a time right I just I don't know
that's so strange
anyways that's what we're up to today
we're hanging out with ton of friends
you guys probably know them you probably
watch their videos we've got Tyler Joey
and Daniel all coming over
arriving in 45 minutes I've got to knock
them down and get this blog done er
lunches and 35 minutes stuff planned
doesn't plan for today guys mostly this
is the first thing we do and we all hang
out click it on mine off oh that's nice
take that one can you not be a bully
oh yeah come on baby man is it on
hey guys today I'm going to be reviewing
my favorite menu I'm looking to see it
it's made of paper
what is this machine oh it's still going
too quick um battlin boxers knee
challenge huh me of it up I'm learning
in the webinar I'm just here with
everything yeah
wow we have so much fun if you like this
video if you want to see us do another
challenge it's been three of us okay
per minute I love this later Oh your
cameras melted I finish up lunch I
didn't film anything my camera battery
already is like flashing oh that's okay
because I'm vlogging so you can just
come over haha awesome it on mine this
is that is what's gonna have to happen
I'm glad anymore batteries on Tommy and
Zoey are dating house owned by a son who
opens pbx behind you yeah a little
awkward author I'm getting from the
library if you know yet hey well sure
she's attracted to that yeah so he's
dragged everyone to boho gelato
though they've got tons of new flavor
since we were last here look at this
vanilla chocolate brownies I tried that
one good obviously won't be that I kind
of went to scoops I couldn't decide
which isn't going to be the best of my
diet I just want to film Tyler look at
the form you are though you are I know
Muskies and your second have hit your
Joey but I'm Tyler's just working it too
no one is enjoying himself
here are you posing for the world is
everyone the world is my thing all try
to come on the carousel but the man is
not here so we can't actually write it
would just take a picture to hide the
seam it so interesting a midget instead
why are we honest this way what's the
name of my web
Jennifer come on Jennifer you've got
there I always forget that we've got a
trampoline this makes me so happy we
just got back we had such a nice time at
the beach and in town why snarling
eating grass we're watching mr. Holmes
these guys haven't seen it okay the
streets are so embarrassing when I fell
over oh you'll like this one Tyler oh
I'm so jealous I want to do that by l-c
you into fire II know I don't say that
don't kick me out I cannot believe that
it's two years since we last saw Tyler I
don't want it to be two years again
since we see them oh my gosh like
imagine that and say goodbye now for two
years nice two years you're good so I'm
gonna say if I was gonna say wha you
could be thirty when you're next to
Tyler no three years time if you don't
enjoy it for three years you're going to
be 30 when you next see him and he's I
mean what not pregnant but do you know
what though it being serious if we saw
stop if we saw our no electus picture
Tyler I'll give you this in two years
tiny it's him ah that would be a little
memory of him maybe he left it on
purpose just to stay in our house for a
little bit longer that was such a fun
day
did you enjoy hanging out with the guys
did you make some new friends
you definitely met Joey and Daniel but
I'm poor
she's met Tyler is that your first time
meeting Tyler or not ah go and then
let's got to bed
