you guys are in for a treat with today's
vlog I haven't told you what we're back
yeah we've mr. Eggman ha ha ha we're
back at Dave's land this right here this
spot is where we did the van yeah and I
think we're back together
it was much colder it was so much colder
that we should have done it now well I
was just like practicing my swing oh now
you're going to tell them the
embarrassing story of what I've just
done yeah I'm down I'm down here looking
out into the vista of the woods and a
whole pack of deer the deer that sort of
little bit came trotting past and i was
just having this magical woodland moment
and then alfie turns up oh oh and the
deer it is like a brain well don't make
i'm just a city boy I'm not used to this
I didn't see the deer other day Freight
we're here like it Donald oh so good
yeah lady yes but I think lady
you got a bloomin sofa yeah I made that
the other day that's pallets obviously
yeah saw and then some of the park and
so when I cut down a large for the new
heart oh you got to come see it but
basically I got them to give me
everything so these are all the crusts
yeah yeah and I thought I'd use them as
life to those or whatever so really nice
really nice golf tee Sean sitting on
that there it is flag as well as I've
got a corner you have it
really oh yeah good it's all happening
make that time or you need to see the
bluebells look yeah when we were driving
in just now there was crazy Bluebell
like fields like one of the best spots
in the country freely
example you can be a van parked out on
the road just having lunch and stuff
yesterday oh look at this
in January you've been watching the blog
since January you'll see the day if not
go back and find the vlog when Dave and
I nearly killed what was his name a guy
that drives off like Derek or some like
Dennis Dennis we somehow met this guy
who made the frame of this this is like
bloody massive if you you can't get the
scale and he dropped it off here it was
pitch black and we had to like take all
the weight like not carrying it the like
it was stupid it was like a 10 person
job and there was three of us doing it
oh my gosh the other side's done we've
got one side laughter loser low oh my
gosh all glass at the back and I think a
boy yeah so I think I've got some old
conservatism Savage and this all this
wood here guys this lovely wood is a
tree that Dave actually chopped down
from one mile over there
I haven't even ministers your toilets up
little toilet that we bought over there
that's something there that I'm going to
oh that's really nice that's so nice
that's the base of the tree that cut
down to make this really so it's weird
watching a tree standing up in the field
and then down and then sorry that's done
a lot of what one tree did all of that
one tree did about double this much yeah
but they liked a lot the trees were
about this big yeah I don't know it's
weird isn't it thing they've done a lot
for you yeah it does a lot early to
wastage yeah no wastage but amazing Wow
think this is a small build
imagine how can you know someone's
building a massive house he thinks it's
a negative cost a lot so the one years
like how long how long does it take for
one of these to go these might be like
60 70 years old yeah yeah exactly it's
like whack 70 years made a tiny bit of a
up but it
this is the most efficient and eco eco
friendly way to do it because that tree
needed to come down anyway because it
was hampering yeah other growth the
reason why were here today is because
obviously my expertise building the van
I was so good they've actually needed
some help and can do it without me being
here no because I'm the woodsman
speciality iy days man
yeah no I you've got floorboards in
scaffolding thanks yeah so what do you
fit so nice oh my gosh it's like proper
coming together at the end of the
scaffolding planks you can use that
little shelves I like that making them
into boxes and stuff like that yeah this
here is an egg as you know Dave loves
eggs our days this is a chocolate scotch
extra it's a cream egg apparently in a
brownie and deep fried and I don't even
know no this is not oh oh that is it oh
oh the width of the things of the leg
we're basically we're basically doing
this to this entire side today that's
the a that was kind of a 16 minute time
lapse and didn't realize that my camera
can record panics like 28 minutes or
something so we're not going to record
the whole thing but that's basically
what we're doing repeating it again and
again and again but boys the first one
is always going to take the longest and
that only took 16 minutes one minute
were invited in the city driving around
everywhere going to the gym and
everything the next minute we're in the
woods building a bloom in a Shepherd's
heart out of a tree that Davis chopped
down that's what you get here on this
channel
very big variety typical Sean's on the
phone over there
don't do that same - no we don't need
babes get a bit excited
is it getting excited yeah would though
most other than clue we haven't got much
left there's a different color so if you
look at this this is a bit more red this
is a bit more white and we were going to
go white up until the bottom of the
window there so I think we're gonna have
to get a little bit more tree another
time put it there and then go red from
above but that's kind of all all we can
do for today but it looks good well you
love for that just that you Ray
don't put this Griffin why not when you
laugh at me when I'm talking yes and I
get all distracted and then I probably
clap
oh right today's work is done we're
about to head off this is what the front
looks like this is one of the sides if
you're wondering why the other side has
nothing on it is because the other side
is all going to be glass and then this
is what we did today
yeah so nearly got there so nearly so we
just come to the pub for dinner
you know how much Dave and I love
bowling we take it quite seriously
recept up to a whole new level like Dave
just said when he comes to Brighton
hangs out of me we go to like zzs
Nando's and we go and we go bowling
yourself so Dave's taking me to a pub
which is proper light land farmer style
and now sensory sixteenth-century
bowling that's a good thing for Alfie no
for you is unlike normal modern bowling
was attended this is 99 pin him missing
and we save is known Dave is known in
bowling for always sitting 9 out of 10
min and then missing on a second job the
10th joiner now here you go v5d
convenient one Bob he's got a beat 5 who
go for it
do y'all that's shocking this is what
I'm talking about
bangers and mash pasta Sean's is on the
way I don't know if I told you guys but
these two beat me at bowling both of
them true yes anything there are guys
like him second with a cool look oh yes
second I think any can a second because
Lea because the others drew first so I
still actually came last technically but
we'll just call it second for now back
in second out of three are you full up
just getting in the car leaving the
fountain pub oh my god guys it's 10:00
p.m. and it's cold in here yeah this is
like my dad you know I don't really do
too much motorway driving or dual
carriageway drive in and whenever we got
long trips though we always just to
drive in but today I thought I thought
but today I thought I would drive here
because we didn't really have a choice
otherwise we're about to get a taxi so I
drove here and it went all good it's
perfectly fine but now the way home is
like pitch black so motorway in the
pitch black this is like testing this is
technically fine I just got home that
drive went incredibly well like I think
I'm beginning to enjoy motorway drive in
now I'm going to quickly in the flow
here and go straight up to bed because I
am absolutely not and not got the gym
tomorrow morning at 8:30
so today's notification shout-out goes
to shimmer Saffy
she's got my gaming channel and my vlog
notifications turned on if you haven't
already done that guys I shout somebody
out every single day go down below
subscribe tell me notifications on give
the video a thumbs up leave a lovely
comment do whatever you want to do and
attaching the morning good night guys
hope you enjoy our hope you've enjoyed
the world it was a little bit of a
different one today going to help Dave
out on his land and everything and build
is hot off you waiting for me to stop
vlogging so that we can go to bed laying
down patiently right
good morning guys
