good morning guys good morning how you
doing I hope you're having a lovely day
I'm pretty damn energetic I've woken up
this morning had a black coffee I've hit
the gym it's still so early today I need
to get home eat some breakfast actually
I've got a little protein flapjack
banana flavor we've got a busy day today
guys a very very busy day lots of things
back to back back to back kind of go
back from the gym and I've got you can
campaign that you want oh sorry
obviously but I just need to update
these guys I just got back from the gym
edited up the vlog it's like mostly done
I need to insert a couple of little
extra bits later on but I've got 29
minutes until I've got a back massage in
town and I need to shower first 29
generally takes you to get them back
yeah I know I need to get the shower the
traffic is unbelievable I've never seen
it this busy I have 14 minutes to get to
my sports massage and yeah it's nice
it's not looking so good 12:01 and one
minute late for a massage already like
he wants a massage and then I tricked
myself into thinking I'm gonna have like
a really nice relaxing time and then I
remembered it's a sports massage and
it's not actually a nice massage and
they're there to just hurt my back on my
neck to make it better
after all of that Russian turns out that
my let my appointments actually at 12:30
rather than 12 o'clock and it was in my
diary wrong but I thought it was it I
don't know what happened who got it
wrong or where it's not for another half
an hour so so I'm going to run at the
road and do another job that I was meant
to do another day we've just picking up
my films you know I've been using that a
film camera recently the little Canon 35
mil AE one just managed to pick up all
my pictures that have been taken and I'm
still got about 12 minutes left so I
need to go get some breakfast secondly
not great this time just got a few
little snacks for afterwards put all my
stuff in the locker
update it looks like I've literally just
finished getting a haircut but I have it
I dropped my hairdresser also this is
what my head looks like taught my
hairdresser back to his flat then went
to the dentist rosary then filmed a clip
for yesterday's blog now I'm editing
yesterday's vlog and this is currently
my breakfast two minutes possible got
heart knowledge and we need to leave for
the last meeting of today and then
straighten that meeting to a restaurant
for dinner so need to get a vlog done
the mobs all done I'm still eating my
breakfast / thank you it's now quarter
to five with our meeting starting in
zero minutes let's all support spike
we're on the way now we're not too far
away just go back from the meeting and
we have got 15 minutes three times until
we need to leave to that for dinner I
just wanted to show you guys this they
arrived in the post today for Zoe and I
super super exciting Sarah closes EP
like signed by Sarah and then inside oh
I'm sorry Sarah
and then and then in sciences alkenes oh
thanks always letting me come to your
house feels like home away from home
you're both such wonderful kind people I
hope you enjoyed this love Sarah and
then there was the disk here but we've
been listening to it in the car on the
way to the meeting thank you very much
Sarah guys if you haven't already
listened to this and gone and checked it
out you need to I don't think it's out
yet things out in a couple of days I'm
not really too sure when it comes out
probably like next couple of days and
then I also as you saw got all of my
images all my photos all developed from
the camera and I haven't have another
proper chance to look through it yeah
the pictures are so sharp
ah Todd looks really nice there doesn't
you Todd look at that picture oh that's
so cute look at that
I'm happy with those ones I also paid
for all of these to be put onto a disc
like a CD it's like an Instagram them of
stuff are they've come out so nice if it
sounds a bit confusing like I'm speaking
but my mouth isn't reason is because oh
is watching my vlogs Sarah and I took a
picture in front of this wall but that's
gone now all the pictures from our trip
dungeon s as well looking good that and
then there's also a black and white film
but we don't have enough time today to
go through those so let me bring you
over here moving over here so I can chat
with you so tonight we're up to quite a
special dinner it's not just like a
normal restaurant back when I was like
13 14 15 and I did competitive
gymnastics I used to train with one of
my friends called Toby and he's the kind
of friend that like I might not see for
a year or two or three but then I bump
into him and it will literally be
exactly the same as before when we saw
each other at gymnastics all of the time
and I was randomly I went to a
restaurant recently with Holly it's in
Brighton it's pretty it's not
necessarily fancy but it's like obscure
food and it's all super eco like
everything's everything there is like
reused recycled there's no waste in the
whole restaurant is zero waste and
anyway it turns out he's like one of the
chefs or one of the heads yet and it
just so happens that he's got his own
night like he's designed all of the menu
for tonight and he it goes own night and
then you can buy like seat to the
restaurant and to have his dinner at his
course that he's made up this like set
menu that he's made and this sounds
really really normal oh yeah no just
make like normal dishes these aren't
normal dishes like you'll see in the
vlog these are like really really
thought out obscure particular dishes
cooked in certain ways with certain
ingredients prepared weeks in advance
like all the super super cool stuff it's
his night tonight so I bought myself
pap√≠ sure mum dad and Zoey all a always
see each and we're going along I'm super
annoyed eeeh what the menu is and I'm
really really excited we need to leave
second fact very we need to leave now we
got 19 minutes need to change my t-shirt
have I shown you guys what my current
wardrobe looks like I don't have y'all
ready this is this is literally my
wardrobe it's all clean I just can't be
bothered to put it away
that's really bad of me isn't it you're
going to stay here and be a good girl
so you setting up the servo so we can
give Nala treats here we go guys this is
all going tonight yeah busy busy in here
tonight thought wasn't sourdough bread
with this garlic butter always what not
menu here
smoked muscle back down there is smooth
muscle fashion inside here G they give
you muscles I hope it gives me muscles I
love the dishes here they like wax
museum that it's not like a place like a
Peter wax Bobby's just told me that is
not whack there's actually plastic bags
or recycled bags got even better the
starter we've got cucumber and seaweed I
have no idea what to expect with this
love cucumber but never any just you can
see we like it
good next item cured gurnard and fennel
so he's come for the veggie opener and
you know I knew what it is looks
colorful though main course time we've
got octopus and the heritage Tomatoes
you're like rocktober central so this is
good sea buckthorn this is like my
favorite this is one of the two desert
isn't the last dish I have no idea what
is it some kind of like chocolate pebble
or something I just love these plates
made out these filters these oh and
pirate chocolate I don't think that's
about that right
apparently is pirate table fair enough
pirate chocolate there could be peer a
beer a beer a chocolate anyway not
firing he's got old dad's going in we're
back home now from a delicious
extravagant dinner like I knew it was
going to be out there tonight the Toby
man absolutely smashed it we have like
bloomin tentacles on our plate and stuff
I wouldn't normally I'd never normally
that kind of food even one of the dishes
was like war gurnard war fish and
somehow toby made it good like it tasted
good we're now watching watch this
program sorry what were they watching on
google walks that we were watching the
university challenge wherever I'm at you
see I'm going to end the vlog guys it's
actually quite late that was a long head
dinner it's half past 11 I've got the
gym super early in the morning today's
notification shout-out goes to do a
shout them out young way long done you
are today's notification shoutout thank
you very difficult and below subscribe
give the video a thumbs up and I'm gonna
have to be quick because those fading
out the lights in the room they go in
guys I see in the morning give the video
a thumbs up goodnight goodnight oh I've
still got likes the doors open
debate now is actually basically
pitch-black north is that what the heck
is going on she jumped up right see in
the morning guys good night oh now I am
like gone
