so we've got this color here or we've
got this color here good morning guys
good morning how you doing just come
down to the beach as always practicing
for the marathon already in your jeans
in your jacket today is the brighter
marathon which means that there is the
most unbelievable atmosphere in Brighton
just everybody's in such a good place it
is so lovely
hi they got quiet we just saw a guy
being carried by another diversity give
it up runner he was so tired and
everyone was like chance anyone
well it's getting all emotional we're
right near the ends now I literally like
until the 200 meters away from the
finish line all of these people here
have run in 4 hours 15 roughly
so issues like rip and have feet apart
so soon if we can buy some flip-flops
yeah size three these are literally like
kids flip-flops
this is Rapids when you get an ice cream
no one's allowed to eat into the
pictures have been taken was i I didn't
get an ice cream been built ricktum
night it is this is like I'm being
straight to myself as no ice cream
in fact I'd nuts as a snack very second
our screen picture the new ice cream
because the last one the last one tasted
sour
she's got the faster and so quickly so
is currently on the second ice cream
people don't like bikinis and stuff yeah
it's woman√≠s that guys doing like look
am did I wrote a Bix or something in his
swimwear nice and we can run into these
guys got like a mile left I don't think
I've ever probably been to the Brighton
marathon before I could walk past it or
walk through it but today like proper be
in there for a good couple of hours and
experience in what was going on
Kabylia from Isis sunny this afternoon
were having a barbecue with coffee and
short on mum and dad at mum and dad's
house was a lot a lot of naming people I
just drop Holly back home to hers as
well
Zoe and I said that we were sort of a
dessert out for the barbecue and I've
just realized that we we didn't sort of
does that out of the barbecue we only
said looking to buy something we didn't
so we're going to bake something that's
what I'm talking about
crushed as a fool
I think this could be the one and that
just stopped me for a picture with his
girlfriend who works at my old primary
school who didn't work there when I was
there but he said that they were going
through loads of students books the
other day and they found tons of my old
books from when I was schooled another
oh my gosh I bet they were so
embarrassing his I don't know I thought
I was going through them with Miss
Entwistle do you remember her now that
of course I remember it's Emma whistle
she oh my gosh she was one of my
teachers the ESU members you were
chatting about the books and stuff and
that was just like a flashback like a
forgot about primary school I don't know
well no that's a lot I just never ever
think about it anyways I think I got a
very very good dessert I think
everyone's going to be happy with it
and now I need to need to get to mom and
dad's ASAP that's my contribution you
okay Irish a mom and dad have a tiny
little pond over here and knowledge is
filling it realize we're okay agree
zones in charge of the barbecue what's
that how's it going it's going all right
you know which is why little burgers
veggies what in these sweet clump sweet
corn and Sam oh yeah not only me been
lemic about Nullah what are you barking
at toss me a hand quick open hand Court
squeeze it really tight quick that's not
quick we finished the barbecue poppy and
Zoey are you guys up there
where are you
boppy and Zoey have gone up into the
loft times to find puppies old Diaries
what come on read one there one there
nice yeah please let me read that on my
first youtube camera like proper one I
bought myself Canon 550d let me read
something come on in here to remind me
of these webs and I fell down whatever I
like to think that I like think it's
true oh let me see
read it nice excuse to buy carpet sure
gorgeous are a waste of a contract
happiness laughs when you can't
apologize when you should let go of what
you can change that's deeply in forgive
quickly take chances wait did you write
this yourself or did you print yeah I
printed it nicely I'll turn the player
who needs ow
I'm serious there's only the garden
center a couple of days ago that I was
talking about my invisible pen diary
died when I was younger I've not it's
going to be here somewhere
I have no idea where it is instead
puppies hunters wait let me see this
picture oh okay well I'm off to my
thousand six so let's go get you there
oh that's on the 29th of the fifth 2007
I'm fine I'm finding so many things in
here did I completely pop out look at
this I know I'm kind of sitting over the
whole look at this flop oh my god your
Warhammer cake do you know how much
money I spent on this collection I don't
want to fall down there oh my gosh look
how crap I was at painting oh my god
wait this isn't even this isn't even all
my army let's lift it up again I swear
there's another layer and there was I
don't I don't know if any of you guys
collected Warhammer at all but if you
did you will realize how impressive all
of this collection is oh my god I
remember this dude I've just seen
something that one of you guys gave me
it was I must have had like thousand
subscribers and I was at the pier once
do you remember this part I was at the
pier once invitin and somebody gave me
this piece of art just randomly bumped
into me remember this part with it up in
your room
oh my god I do remember that oh good
2012 I remember that somebody drew that
with me randomly oh this is box VAR t uy
Teddy's won't be younger and my fishing
box and then I why I had a fishing box
going up I guess what I didn't even go
fishing that much literally all fishing
bits this is full of all of our books
popular The Spiderwick Chronicles - oh
my gosh know that these are the ones
that I loved the series of unfortunate
events number one remember them pop Oh
Mike that's the worst picture of me ever
I've got the best book I've just found
on top the body book chamber this pop
the body book
let's have a look in and out your
stomach your gut your heart kidneys
bladder
this is so cute skin hair and nails
I remember that page so vividly popped
remember that page pop remember that
page why do I remember that page so well
what the hell is that
that's a mum mum dad said our sexual
education yeah the Alfie collection this
is out via nanny Rose but I think this
is
before it was called Althea nanny Rose
I'm taking these ones home with me
Spiderwick Chronicles I really really
want to read these ocean love them when
I was younger
we'll play mommy cub while still eating
some dessert
mum's getting their little little log
fire going the one with the through and
pick the throw up and broom it
hey poppy left her phone in the cabin so
we've just tweeted this tweet here if
you saw it yesterday his freezer and
look at her new banner picture it's a
bowl of food from there look at that
oh she won't notice that she's going to
see the sweet 16 voice out is that such
a cute new bag is that from your blog
that's really blog post pop that's so
cute
like up around a pink picture very nice
of you from that endorsement of your
knowledge cuz you're the world nice
romantic pop song Darla my old one
should we go home Kim um mother doesn't
want to come home she's too cozy
does he boy do you want to come home
with us instead
yeah we're going to take both a machete
if you don't want to come tell no one's
telling we're doing a lucky dip I'm
lucky bit lucky unless you get yourself
you have to put it back lucky dip for
who's buys whose Easter eggs positive
you have you got five yeah
hope you enjoy today I like my line they
call it boy I haven't got me I'm all
good but just about to leave and
knowledge it's going to go back into bed
right so I've just got home now I've got
a big old portion of fruit here which
since this healthy eat of the thing I'm
like digging the fruit I've absolutely
loved it out but a couple of things to
talk to you about number one I didn't
did watch an American could be that much
fun but it really really was I've got
something really really exciting to show
you some accent careful cuz there's my
address all over this inside this
package here in fact two things that are
exciting but I have to mention certain
things when I'm talking about this and I
know if I do it now at nine o'clock at
night I'm just going to I'm going to
forget some things so when I wake up
tomorrow morning I'm going to talk about
it and insert it now
it's the following day I've got the part
over here let me just show you because
I've got a list of things that I have to
mention all my emails to get this said
and mentioned correctly and I don't want
to get anything wrong so I'm going to be
checking on my laptop I'm getting
everything right I'm like so excited
about this honestly like so excited as
you know I'm currently working on the
pointless book theory but when I'm
working on it like now whilst I'm doing
everything I'm like designing things I'm
trying to make it look just a bit more
updated than the pointers but one the
pointers but to a little bit just more
like how I'm feeling now compared to how
it was when we designed those books back
in the day and then my publishers said
to me why don't we just redesign the
other ones also what do you mean they're
like let's just wrap them with a new
front cover so that they look just
freshened up and all no and I'm like
yeah okay let's do it
so let me go downstairs and get a
pointless but one and a points per to so
we can compare them so this here is the
original this is my class book
the point this book not even one just
the point this book because there wasn't
a number two this is the witness book
are you ready I'm really really hot but
are you ready to see the new love is so
much designed version of the point this
book that is coming up it's going to be
everywhere in May 3 - what thing oh my
God look at that I think like so this is
the original this is the new one
it's got like all like gold metallic and
my name is Rowan gold sudden oh it just
feels like so much cooler and then on
the side it's got the start of me you'll
see why in a minute
and then a very similar back but it's
all just like new design okay and then
for this book - looks like this you guys
you all know this book guys this is
pointless but - now the new pointless
bit - looks like this purple and green
and silver and I love it so much in the
back so if we compare that all so if we
compare them you have this verse this
and that's that's listen these are new
so this here is the pointless book one
and the pointless book two and they're
going to be everywhere inmate like this
now the reason that I've rebranded those
two and made them look like that is
because the pointless book 3 is of
course can also let me quickly just show
you the corners look at that if you put
them together and then if you get the
point this book 3 the newest one next to
it it forms the full picture of me but I
can't decide and I want you guys to
decide for me which color of the
pointless book 3 to go for so we've got
this color here or we've got this color
here I can't decide and I want you guys
to be involved like like I said when I
first started speaking about the points
book 3 it's a proper collaboration
between myself and you guys so I fully
want you guys to decide whichever one
gets the most votes there's a link down
below to a Twitter poll go on your
Twitter and vote for which one you
prefer
and that will be the color of the third
book to go along next to these two and
it will sit like that then there'll be a
picture of me here I'm so excited but it
doesn't stop there there is one more
thing for me to announce today all of
the pages are like more
less finished design that all planned
most of them are like being designed and
done at the moment but I know how
creative you guys are and I know how
much fun you have getting involved in
projects that I'm working on that I
thought this time around with the third
book why don't one of you guys design
one of the pages so there is a double
spread page like a full double spread so
we open like this a full double spread
and the page is like one of the really
detailed coloring in pages like you know
you can get those cool like adult
coloring him kind of like this look look
at my bag like that and then you can
color in it's such a simple thing but
the some reasons people just love
coloring in like I love it Zoey's got
loads of like I don't color it in books
my mum's got adult coloring books I
spend like 20 pounds on coloring pens
for my mum so her coloring in book so I
want one of you guys this is where I
need to read it off my phone to be very
very careful about what I say expanding
there's like legal stuff and things all
of the terms and conditions are going to
be down below in the description and to
be entered the entries can be rough hand
sketches pen drawings or designed on the
computer and they need to be posted
using the hashtag on Twitter hashtag pb3
design to be counted so all you have to
do if you want it like if you want your
page to be in the pointless book 3 is
come up with a really really sick design
and I'm going to be picking one of you
guys who uses a hashtag that is
everything I've got to say oh my gosh -
new book covers choosing a 3rd new book
cover you guys get to choose and you
guys get to design a page in the new
book I think that's everything
let's cut back to UM to previous Alfie
so I hope you as excited as me about all
of that stuff people keep on tweeting me
saying I'm nearly a thousand videos on
this channel 900 I've uploaded 999
videos this video you're watching the
parent is by 1,000 videos and I haven't
even done anything special for it I
didn't even know I don't really know
what else to say other than thank you
thank you for supporting me during these
a thousand videos on my technically
second youtube
an example my other youtube channel
which I'm going to start using again
soon
people tweet me non-stop every single
day ask me when I'm going to start using
my pointers book YouTube channel again
and it is coming back I just want to
make sure that when I am using it I'm
making content that I'm happy with on
the channel that sounds not happy of the
videos that I used to make on it I love
those videos but I kind of want to
change up a content to be on that
channel and I know what I want to do and
I've started working on things that are
going to be shown on that channel but I
just want to make sure that they're done
right so I've done well over a thousand
videos I don't know how many I've done a
total because I've also got my gaming
channel bloomin heck okay here we go
here's the shut up for that Kaylee G or
PB thank you can you've have my
notifications on it means a lot to me if
you guys haven't already go down below
subscribe turn my notifications on give
the video a thumbs up to alter the nice
stuff I'm going to go and enjoy my fruit
in bed and get an early night it's 9
o'clock and I'm going to bed
this is literally like a new me I used
to go to bed like 2 a.m. and now going
to bed 4 minutes past 9:00 I'm going to
go to bed eat my fruit and get some
sleep so
I'll catch in the morning guys goodnight
