good morning guys good morning after
meeting LS here for the first time the
other day we're currently talking about
children we're talking about children
and running food I mean I don't wanna do
so I would know it's because I'm
pregnant
oh boy you ought about so I freaked out
if I'd ever any pay well I'm gonna go
back whether Zoe would be pathetic as a
pregnant woman I think I was yeah I
think it's not that far I think I think
the first three months our coffee shop I
also think you're going to freak out
when it's like moved you're going to be
like I don't like it something moving
inside everyone says that and they say
they love it I think you know like so
yeah it's just natural like that the
anna says now when i speak into her she
misses not having about I think I'm
gonna choose is weird my mom because
I've had it there for the last my month
yeah bolsa jump I said to you how quick
making a baby is like what do you think
about it how quick is that what have I
done in the last night but nine months
ago Charles IV boy be done in the last
nine months I've be amazing and in that
time Anna Gunn open have had from
nothing to a baby yeah but isn't that
crazy having to see how quickly it is I
mean according to the feel quick when
it's you come in the practice deeper
yeah
it is I feel like you're going to be in
the nicest way possible very demanding
I think papi will be I caught I'm going
to be calm collected and just go slow go
slow go rock you know you're going to
get like what a swollen pea I'm gonna
get no I think I think you're going to
be fine the only thing I think would be
pop yeah the only thing is I think
you're going to have quit so if you guys
didn't know my mom is between Sean's dad
is also a twin insurance Ranna dad is
also a twin this morning papi about kids
together alive like you pretty pretty
likely to have waited 6 immer are you
pregnant - that's right and some now
society can ask I'm pregnant cry few
times just cuz I'm a bit hard at what
you're released I see the people become
progressed very tweet saying that she
feels like a chocolate bar I made mom
more of a normal sites of the blog now
how you doing hope you're having a
lovely day just had some weird comments
what we're going to get through here
some weird conversations in the corner
way hear me Marc coffee and Zoe have all
come to Haskins garden center which is
our favorite garden center there has the
most amazing variety of food available
at its restaurant here looking to
release that your options over there
options all here all that all with over
there and they have like a pizza oven
where they could use
in a proper pizza pie piece especially
so I can't eat pizza because I'm trying
to be healthier moment so I don't arrive
natural yet obvious going for the salad
bowl or cheeky little quiche
now I don't know what's healthy this
can't be health and surely none of that
that's all naughty soup butternut squash
ah or we can look at the food
my lunch looks so good I feel like it's
pretty healthy because I'm to eat a lot
at the moment because it worth now I'm
Carla's Anya and then just comes in
different veggies we'll finish up lunch
and we're currently outside in the
garden center still looking a different
little water Thor that one is relaxed in
I wanna put my hand in it
so bad oh I'm going to fall
you have a ball on the top what you're
purchasing just one basic eat no one
school may not a pop look fateful tops
or weaving cream banana split Neapolitan
ice cream lemon caramel custard right no
did you ever have one of these nice you
never had one of these left no are you
serious
no but did you ever have those hens that
you push the different kind of nibble
yeah everyone had that so this pen here
let me write on some things doesn't
matter no one will ever know okay do you
see UV yeah ha ha ha I mean that's
really right laughs Wow this is what I
haven't I was young and I had a diary
like this no one else could read itself
on me didn't wear out over time like
today I think so it's just I ink oh my
god imagine if I found that diary you
have a look on the front as well I don't
think I've ever owned anything cool in
there I think it was literally just like
it's about Anthes then then I'm like I
don't if I ever wrote anything about
myself in there it's a good mom and dad
since when I find let me know if you
think I should do that go down below
give the video a thumbs up or something
if you want me to do that order what is
going on over here
why are you doing like acting acting so
distressing like I might know I really
know you just stood there like this much
more like that no like one of these not
supporting heart care in our community
that is what art is a smaller one
I'm talking about thank you no thank you
guys can we go to aquatic village yeah
are you gonna if there's Turtles there I
will buy you on yeah the car is on the
way
on my favorite places to go the fish
shop I don't know why I don't have a
fish tank or anything but I just love it
here
yeah
oh my god I want this one here what oh
my god that one's hand guys you can't
see the scale obviously we can't touch
the beak on the scale okay did I
understand how big they are
I'm talking to my Cathy and I don't
watch too what this run I don't need
wedgies these aren't real glasses was
talking to my dad the other day and he
said in september/october mum and dad
right not mum and dad at mum and dad's
house but not mum my dad is gonna get a
tropical fish tank
which I'm so excited about because I've
always wanted a top knowledge and I'm
just not the best like cleaning them and
looking after them saying that I've got
a dog if she's still alive so maybe I
would be quite good I think these are
the ones for me look how cool they are
they look a little a mini sharks
yeah I'm just telling everyone the dads
getting one in September / October isn't
a no he said to me the other day is
going to get a couple of Japanese
fighter fish which i think is like that
on Nemo's saltwater so these are on
saltwater
Nemo's icy waters net these aren't these
are tropical they're not sea water
oh my gosh perhaps
and a queen fighter male and male
fighters they can't be in the same tank
this is what that one one fighter fish
yeah look there
I mean of it oh my gosh is hunch quid
each bloody hell fish a hundred quid I
do want to grab you got grab something
email these Japanese Koi 400 pounds each
they were 500 now they're 400 pounds do
you know I need to start doing selling
fish yeah blue my neck so what's
happened no come on
we just coming to town probably strike
me into town with her the vlogs run live
guys what have you done
Oh poppies forgot her bank card yeah
that's handy yeah handy comments down
she's forgot she's forgot her bank card
oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah I all right
yeah one shot down and poppies on the
phone now
which is great especially I've come into
town to follow poppy Valois she's on the
phone
somehow I meant I'm paying as well this
is great having such a good time a
message to encounter hanging out yes
probably funny yeah finally finish being
dragged around by poppy in town we've
just stopped off for a cheeky little
Oaxaca we've got my favorite drink which
is passionfruit this corner so good if
you've been watching the vlog for a
while you'll know that Zoe and I love to
get different kinds of water bottles I
don't really know why look at this one
the telepaths we got a we just asked for
some still water it turned up in there
this is what I'm talking about chicken
salads home and personal trainers happy
look a healthy on being edge Poppy's on
it as well just before we drive home can
we talk about Harry's new stop you
crying if a child is sick so sick
hazelnut or pistachio how many scoops
again one Sam it's going to go to vent
our feel like I said another one
can I go one scoop of hazelnut please
you just come down to the beach this is
so naughty but both men to be in healthy
we end up going to markers ice cream
place have you had a little nipple of
mine there's a white bit on the side I
did you eat a bit oh my you Savage there
what is that about that should be us
jogging it on the beach but instead
we're eating ice creams this is so bad
also this is not one scoop look at the
size of that you know Bobby's got ice
cream on her top oh god I bright part oh
my god I'm going to run to the car you
can't get there as quick as me I'm just
gonna drive off I'm just gonna run so we
got your present you probably already
got it close your eyes watching 13
reasons why again Bobby went home about
an hour ago and a kind of made myself a
second dinner got two chicken breasts
and some quinoa goodbye mark
later shoot up to bed sleepyhead bed a
bed just turn and see the lights and
everything I'm gonna have to end the
vlog so quickly guys my camera battery's
been flashing like the last 4 or 5 video
clips
today's shout-out and normally say
somebody's name I don't have time to
find out what my camera's going to run
out today shelling goes to this person
my camera just ran out give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll
catch you tomorrow guys good night good
night good night
okay
