good morning guys good morning how you
doing I'm actually filming this clip the
next day because I'm just editing the
vlog at the moment this vlog you're
literally watching I'm editing now and
for some reason for some reason the
first clip is missing like you must have
corrupted or something happened to the
file where I don't have it so the vlog
just like starts with me back at home
but what had actually happened is that I
left the house went to the gym went and
worked out and then came home and then
what you're about to see was probably
like the third or fourth or fifth clip
of the day but for some reason the other
clips are missing so just want to give
you a little heads up say good morning
how're you doing hope you're having a
lovely day and everything and welcome to
the blog we're starting a couple of
clips in because the other clips are
missing so enjoy back from the gym all
dressed ready for the day but I just got
back to a package from adidas and JD I
don't even know what they are I haven't
looked only okay then we hope you love a
new exclusive to Jay de qts brand adidas
season spring/summer product eqt
exclusive hand-drawn illustration by
Steph Morris yeah oh yeah they're all
different as well in all the different
it continues and a pair of the shoes
that's what I'm talking thank you guys I
think I've seen picture these online but
I have never seen anyone wear as much
thing I'll be wearing these on scale so
today I'm a bit worried I don't want to
ruin them I'm going to wear them today
you
plan of action number one look at my
shoes
hey where'd you get them you like them
yeah I do that looks nice morning
no no limited edition - JD show me this
so I don't know how much I explained
earlier and we don't know too much
because dave has been the one sorting
out but we are currently off to go and
meet the people that won the van that I
built
yeah the winners have just got Mattala I
think this is - we can transfer them in
a minute the winners that have just got
married they're going on their honeymoon
they've bought this band for their
honeymoon they're going to go travelling
in the van I think I don't know where
and they don't know we're coming today
they know Dave's meeting them today and
they've told them unfortunately we can't
be there and then we're going to
Surprise them
I don't I always get ugly and dice
advises though we should be inside the
van when they've laid it about my gets
over me I get so cringe that surprises
because what if we're like hey it's
Alvin Sean and they're like are we watch
Dave's videos not even here we don't
care about you know even if I don't I
don't know we're just going to be what
happens guy is just going to be super
nice super exciting because I've just
got even just got married all about to
get married this is our honeymoon
vehicle we believe it built it we did a
good job we did a good job so um let's
go let's go let's go into town let's go
meet you say hey let us sit outside
yeah yeah yeah hey guys
the a likely man right through yeah this
is a new one for me sweet potato toast
upgrade sweet potato toast and
alternative if you're avoiding bread or
have an intolerance wait sweet potato
toast
that's what I'm talking about that's not
one run none of that Dave's been done
over my lunch is just my luggages right
it looks sick where's yours mate we're
done you've gone a woman's dollar I mean
you old man I know it's very sandwich
I'm the ordinary circumstances I think
that this is delicious but he is the
little that is literally the best
present ever
I hate it was someone happy for me all
day just finished up the most delicious
or the most delicious brunch honest they
ever how is your sandwich this is so so
good is the movement guys Thomas and
makes a basket keys to the van we just
gone up to where they parked there
so we explain what actually occurred
yeah I did let's do a woman there we'll
all sit down let's sit down put the
camera down and have a chat like we did
like we did before
oh you neither need any help yeah yeah
yeah Dave Carney Scott big strong man
here
there we go buddy he'll go in up the
hill yeah that's it yep got a handbrake
on right you're never going to do this
on your own here we go
you're the you're the key manual bear
opening it with me yeah oh yeah there's
a knack congrats for the lovely couple
yeah this is the base oh it's so good
the go double oh yeah this mattress is
mad by the way it feels really homey
good I'm glad you like it
Dave's getting the picture oh my gosh it
looks so good good jump into an I'm
going back today is a good day today is
right oh you should driving down to the
beach and just Park it like a couple of
minutes yeah you can see comes from this
closer than not to be here at it we know
so far from the beach surfing right in
the middle at least do you want to to
Birmingham oh my gosh when we finish the
project we all sat in the van and did
like a little round up obviously
announced the handover I wanted to do
another round up but with what your
plans are who you guys are
everything just you about what what
you're going to do with that
yeah where you can go what's the plan
what's fam say what happened as well at
the end of the year
well yeah we're getting married in
December so it's going to be a little
bit of a popular hunting on the go yeah
but before then time to just kind of
finish what you started
put the solar panel up oh yeah an
inverter to all the electrics do a nice
little box seats you're going to do some
nice soft furnishings yeah get some
curtains cushions on the go yeah you're
literally the team we were missing and
yeah like this is all the skills that we
didn't have yeah what you just said
about the pillows is like putting the
cushioning what was that so you can lean
against a taking the panels off the back
take em off put some padding on bit
cushioning so that we can sit and lean
against it and the doors oh sure maybe
put myself fold-up table from the bottom
of the doors look at the cushion for the
pushin let's get a window on the sliding
door yeah door that is genius thinking
yeah I didn't think that it's the same
as many buff fans you know anything
that's better in a minibus you could
swap out then yeah sure you could buy
one less cheap cheap from somewhere that
is well waive your back door with a
window and yeah it's 60 quid Wow so I'll
where are you going to go in it start
off the beach yeah it's definitely going
to be Afghan and you should drive via
the downs or like the bike yeah just
like hunch that's five 10 minutes away
double time sounds like 0.895 yeah yeah
absolutely guys and then I think we're
going to make a head to the face because
that's more like an hour later I know
had to keep the straight maybe Buxton
Matlock that area you can go there
there's some really good Cato I really
want the important thing yeah yeah so
get some cakes on the go little nephew I
think next year wasn't can you are up
yeah yeah well once the widens otherwise
much money drain yeah it's the priority
what the priorities getting married for
now so then Europe after yeah welcome to
it to me yeah
shotgun we're coming did you say you had
like a little sister
come on I thought they'd watch his
videos oh my god yeah my sister Caitlin
and she literally she's such a big bad
yeah I told her like we were sat a month
and I was like so you watch this Bobby
sort of an and she couldn't breathe
she's got no time machine she couldn't
Gary was actually I've never seen any
good oh I hope she can come away in it
yeah
learn from our hair it's just much
vegetable so she's got along some
holiday head
so we'll take away Matt definitely it's
nice to see isn't it where people
they're like an exactly people that we
want in here could Derek the guy that
won the auction in San Francisco legends
and loves watching the videos but you
can change so much Derek that I even
made an additional donation for the
autism charity and so that you guys can
have it free of charge
we know that helps yeah if we went over
budget
no one's going to receive a more money
no but yeah makes it so poor grand in
the end went to the autism charity yeah
which is awesome because what do we
spend in total 1.6 1.6 oh yeah really
good win for the charity they or is it
two point six notes one for the van yeah
and then a my god okay a very common far
less than what we raise the charity like
far less yeah exactly
nice I can't remember now since I felt
down is my job okay you spend a grand on
the done your budget with the grounds
for materials and also time 500 yeah 2.5
before I put my bat yeah yeah supervise
but we raised four point three yeah well
worked out peachy isn't it goodbye enjoy
it Sean has dragged me into the piercing
shot in your in your not leaving that
shop now I am
okay you gotta go tight I've got their
fear we're not even here so I'm looking
on Google the different possible
earrings I could get with the piercings
I quite like that you know before were
DX and off the top there yeah so after
that's quite cool is now I don't really
know what why don't we say it yeah where
are we saying why no I mean us but not
in the forward helix that little bit I'm
saying so I head to the blog and when
the onload air would come to the artists
residence again which is where we keep
the Zoey's birthday got some amazing
food again and got Gurnett eagerness I
hope you're shorter here as well will
our laptops I'm trying to upload and
among their Wi-Fi but it's 16% it's
taken like hours guys I'm sorry that
yesterday's blog was late I'm doing
everything I can if you haven't seen it
look who I now and if you're wondering
where Zoe is currently at photo shoot
that's why yeah just one kind told it to
come here straight afterwards
dd-do coffees in a clock see you did you
did you Sharingan pin of our pitch is
actually quite coffee today do you to do
the only reason why Papa is gone be
because she wanted to yeah I have to
don't wanna commit you don't need to
care what we trying to blame you on
everything but it was my twist actually
my to us to come here
it was your suggestion to come here
there are four there by the inserting
hold on when I came here where's Hudson
failed and probably is now watch got her
to clean the plaque and she's blaming it
on me it's time to leave it's just such
a bloomin lovely day I don't want to go
home but we need to go do the dishwasher
we need to go take the bins out
do you know I feel like I just don't
ever do and I might do it but just not
as much as I'd like to is sit down and
what to like TV or Netflix or some kind
of like I don't ever watch any series so
many people like poppy Zoi used to watch
like Pretty Little Liars and American
Horror Story or still probably does all
of those kind of things with like 9
different seasons and everyone watches
Game of Thrones I got into like half
through to season 2 of that and
absolutely loved it it's not that I
don't have the time because I definitely
do have the time to watch those kind of
shows in the evening but I just watch
youtube videos instead which is great
don't get me wrong
please come out watching my videos and
but I kind of want to get into like a
really big long series like Prison Break
oh my gosh I loved that as well why did
I stop watching that the last big series
I've watched hello Missy do you want to
know what it was this is how long ago
I'm talking Breaking Bad Breaking Bad
Zoey can we stop actually we did start a
new series a couple of nights ago 13
reasons why but but we haven't but we
haven't really watched that much bit
because I always the only time I've ever
watched TV or Netflix is in bed and
that's when I'm going to sleep so I fall
asleep at ha free through the episodes
so every night I only watch like half an
episode now I feel know what we should
do is always make dinner and just what -
like three episodes of a TV show 13
reasons why just like properly get into
it because I want to get into like a TV
show and proper binge watch something
because I just feel like I've got a
wedgie with my tisha it's all being
pulled up there's always been a
fortunately in the whole day forth you
sahabat well I had a weirdest morning
and I just had one just cuz you haven't
stopped as though there's on a photo
shoot today
that was from what time 9:30 until I
came into the video really stand for an
hour yeah mini mentor I decide that I
yeah staring at a wall for an hour
imagine there's a video of a kid on
YouTube accounts to a hundred thousand
yeah one two three and then it's like 99
thousand four hundred sixty to ninety
nine thousand five to six until like
twenty six hours or something I think is
one hundred thousand maybe is even
higher maybe about doing about yeah so
you updated 24-hour video here the whole
thing in one go he just sits in one
sitting and one two hundred thousand
wanna see how do you go to the toilet
how do you I don't
I didn't which I just skip bits through
it I mean I don't have anyone did watch
the full' or be surprised I'm able to
have a nap eat some dinner
even though just eaten I'm so hungry at
the moment and I'm working out they've
all of protein bar like I literally I
don't want to keep them going on about
how I'm going to the gym now guys
because I don't want to be that guy that
we all go to the gym because I literally
started like three or four days ago but
a chorus of heating I could just ain't
and now I'm already hunger again I got
my braces in everyone knows my teeth do
actually look quite a lot straighter
look at that and there's still seven
weeks away from being like completely
looks like a book curtains away from
being completely finished and actually
do I think is actually yeah when I went
the other day followed this tooth or
tiny bit so that it can move more
there's always going to have Invisalign
winter appointment for your Invisalign
next week to click on it's so good it's
just your consultation mmm yes I'm going
to I'm going to put the camera down now
and I'm going to plan our evening we're
thinking maybe even film some Sims
videos so that we're definitely in
advance
you know capuchin there are books Justin
Aaron dreamin Oh surgery wait call
yourself a serger in years just finish
episode for 13 reasons why there's
always been a sleep program an hour so
she's missed the most recent episodes on
one head of her now the food that a
husband did in tonight said it was hot
and spicy and I'm not too bad of heat
but oh my gosh
I can literally every single mouthful
they tasted amazing but every single
mouthful was so spicy but can handle it
I was like struggling to speak I'm into
print tons of water but at the same time
a set from the spice it tastes so good
anyways they're not telling you let me
just get on with today's shadow of the
day which goes to Bobby Lane on Twitter
so thank you so much for my
notifications on if you haven't already
guys go down below subscribe turn my
notifications on hit the little bell
button and then comment down below once
you've done that so that I know and I'll
pick one of you guys tomorrow should go
to bed you wanna go up to bed don't
forget to go down below and hit the
thumbs up button let's see how many we
can get today your challenge is 30,000
go down below hit the thumbs up then
holla I'll see you tomorrow
whispering cos so easily lost asleep
