she's looking at you oh good morning
guys all I can say is that I don't think
I'm going to be moving much today
because my legs after yesterday's leg
workout oh I'm not good let's have a
weather check see what's happening
completely blue sky perfect day for the
trampoline ignore the morning hair look
at if you didn't know yes there was my
first day back at the gym and a leg
workout and it was pretty damn killer it
felt really really good at the time and
like all of yesterday all of the evening
and then a cat all wake up this morning
like honestly oh did you know time is
time to get going to the gym again
there was such a good workout although I
cannot tell you how like jittery and
delicate I feel like my body is not used
to working out haven't trained properly
since 2016 that since December feel so
weak and like shaky and like my body is
telling me what the bloody hell am i
doing I just got dressed all change had
a protein shake had a meeting on skype
and now I'm heading into town for
another meeting but this song is an
absolute savage that I love it I tried
to get the bowl clip on my oh brother
drop but I missed it and now I did it
now guys check out this healthy lunch
double portion of chicken on my salad
superfood salad marks be proud of me
shake a bit a quinoa hiding in there I
can't show you too much of wandering in
here and I'm currently working on the
pointless booklet that's what I'm going
to say I've literally been sat down in
this same seat since 11 o'clock minutes
now 234 I mean I put a lot of things
done but it's like the sunniest day in
the world outside I've been to sat in
here on the laptop haven't even editing
the Gaggia today's o en la often go and
see the saucony joinings turn see their
new little baby
and of course Emilia Eduardo and give
Eduardo his birthday present which with
what most of it actually to go by one
more thing I'm going to go do that now
and cow or though bore so realize that
it is it is halftime so talent is going
to be like it's going to be like a meter
and check out some new clothes for a
video that were filming tomorrow on
Sean's you can channel and then it did
my blog was were in the ground away and
got knowledge my mom and dad's I'm rapid
mother's present
I'm going to be late guys my legs aches
so much from Jim check this out look at
that bottle daddy L so apparently
Eduardo is really really into Playmobil
at the moment this is the one I'm going
for guys they blame a bill summer fun
speedboat I think it's going to love it
you can play with this in the bath and
everything and I've got that one as well
I can't even begin to describe out what
I am
got myself a couple of new jumpers a new
t-shirt couple of new pairs of socks and
Eduardo's toy don't worry I haven't been
wearing this vest out I did keep the
hood you are not just got in the car and
I'm like sweating out he'd get an aircon
on in here
I've got changes into my new t-shirt and
some shorts because damn it is hot
outside today
look at this frozen wrapping paper it
was a loves frozen you know I said I
need to edit my daily vlog in the car
because I was just minding means I also
need to edit the Sims video so now I'm
going to get to do both in one like 40
minute car journey yeah update during
that time lapse I managed to edit the
vlog completely which is good I now need
to just do the Sims video and then as
soon as we get there I need to type
politely whilst hiding lean out still
then wife I'd upload my vlog which I'm
sure they won't mind because the day's
others themselves they understand the
daily grind of uploading every single
day
and the struggle to get good luck Wi-Fi
wherever you are to upload our video and
we don't mind this global idea this is
incredible because of the blue sky look
at our lighting design yeah looks so
nice difficult driving concentration
hoping you have it sewn up right and
I've been tryna and everything
now I've been trying to recently really
get my posture better so I realize I
slouch so this all the time especially
when editing I want to sort of come back
I feel my back kind of head up really
yeah it's like I'm right that's what one
again Tuesday is when I saw the point
about my hand hand update nearly back to
normal my palm is all that normal when
thumb tiny bit not right but nearly
there it's just a little Evanston's here
still like four or five days later
whatever but the woman who I saw she
said to me the top of my spine is really
tight which cycle
Internet's most binds to a distance of
acceptance pouch recipe I work on a
laptop not video editing monitoring
sauce sitting up straight out
regular responses but not like pleasure
relaxing enjoyable masala tears I want
to go for regular I keep tissue source -
artists like the what are you say before
she said don't forget to thumbs up like
yeah this baby I've ever seen
oh let her go like that you have to be
careful okay I'm done now here we go
let's oh like The Lion King is like the
end good boy Oh like someone's trying to
breastfeed there's no milk in there I do
then we should just at least give it a
go
come on for some now it'll be right
there all right you're going to be
Cinderella
there we go mate Edouard has been open
in this presence I love your heart
the Pirates yet yeah yeah you're gonna
have to help me out here yeah in the
same always you're just have to two-time
winners so tidy
but it is wrong
yeah oh my god you should just have
head-butted me yeah
then where did she smell so good yeah
let's babies now it's a head gonna go
visit a head she's looking at you oh
she's like what's this it's hairy hairy
chest so we just been chilling hanging
out catching up for a while I mean I
don't know how safe it's going to be
having these guys on them I don't if
they're going to be heavy enough oh okay
alright put your put your hand in oh we
okay they're weird you hand then push
your hands down lift one up really oh my
students got into a tree
alright so if you want to turn left you
have to push opposites down so push them
push this one down
alright let me spin around so you can
jump higher ready do you remember how to
stop did Jonathan just crash straight
into the plan for currently on the
trampoline the kids were going to go to
bed five minutes ago and then I suggest
to get in the cart out and now all on
the jump lane watching the sunset Wow
so just got home I kind of realized that
the reason why the camera kept on
cutting off and Minetta go in the cart
was because the camera battery was flat
run out of charge so just stuck in a new
one it's currently one minute to
midnight and I'm pretty hungry even
though I did have dinner I think it's
because I'm working out at the moment my
body's not used to working out so it
needs to take in like extra food extra
fuel but I don't really know what to eat
or whether I should eat whether it's bad
me whether it's okay for me feel like if
I eat you know that's quite bad original
oat protein flapjack anyways you guys
know the new regime the new rules no
virgon in bed to end my vlog so I'm
going to end down here guys need to do
the notification shout out of the day
today is notification shell now goes to
Jasper our life on twitter thanks oh my
verifications on and all my channels
that's about it if you've enjoyed the
blog you know what today give it a
thumbs up subscribe to my notifications
on I feel like I say this a lot in my
videos so try do this do that you know
what to do by now although for some
reason there is still like more people
we view these videos who aren't
subscribed then are subscribed maybe
it's done of a youtube channel if you
don't have a youtube channel make a
youtube channel so you can subscribe
down below I'll catch you in the morning
get back all got really really fun day
tomorrow just thought I'd let you know I
catching them on it
