good morning guys good morning how you
doing
I've just finished up my first session
back at the gym of 2017 thank you very
much thank you I know I know I know it's
only a pool and an oven turns into
December I was going to vlog my first
session back today but then I just
thought actually I really really want to
concentrate I want to make sure that my
techniques for you oh I don't want to be
thinking at all about the camera the
different shots were things that I was
filming I just want to fully get back in
the gym training really hard today was a
leg day my first session back and I can
honestly say that tomorrow tomorrow I
may need crutches anyways guys I hope
you're having a lovely day
whatever you're doing wherever you are
let me know what you're up to in the
comments I'm feeling good today is 1009
I need to get home get myself some
breakfast and get it in the vlog because
I've got a lot a lot of footage to edit
today because yesterday if you saw the
blog where we had these hovercard things
it's like you know the segue boards we
have them put on these carts and we were
like racing them around the park me
poppy and Zoe and I feel like I filmed a
lot a lot of footage so so I need to get
so I need to get back and get edit in
that just come in to wait tries to get
some bits for breakfast get some lemons
and some limes don't tempt me sushi no
no sushi needs to milk almond milk for
your angel Ganic eggs
I'm in a massive rush I knew that I had
the dentist this morning but I just oh
crap
just drop my phone come on come on yeah
I knew that I had the dentist this
morning but I thought I would have more
time to get to the dentist I've got four
minutes I don't know how I do every time
I turn up to the dentist three minutes
late I get there and they're running ten
minutes behind like how is that in when
I'm late they're running behind like my
luck is just ridiculous like I don't
know let's not lie this looks pretty
damn boring it's also pretty small when
I was cooking this portion I felt like
it was quite a good size but now it's on
my plate I'm like that's not really
going to fill me up as you're watching
this there's new Sims video live I'm
going to edit that out as well if you
had a productive day lots of sleeping
lots of chilling you could have told me
since shaving I literally look like a
baby face I trimmed all my stubble and
now literally I did wonder why you look
so different oh my god you look like me
I don't like it right we're currently
just driving off to puppy insurance for
the evening to meet mum and dad and Buzz
you can hear what we got in the back
sure I want to do that we've got the
cars in the back we're going off to mom
and dad tonight
no not that's a lie we're going up to
poppy insurance tonight with niala buzzy
boy mum and dad obviously won't be
insured Zoe
probably in sauna cooking us dinner
which is lovely of them I can't look at
myself in this camera at all number one
cuz I'm drivin and number two because I
feel like a baby face I don't right
there
you just don't know no I know like a
girl or a girl
I think it supposed to be parking near
poppy insurance flat it's literally
ridiculous I had to drop Zoe off at
their flat and Nala and say guys ah Glen
Park do you guys go have some fun and
driving round and round and round and
round and round until I finally saw
somebody leave a space and it's big
enough for this big old car that we got
whoa look at all the food this looks
like a flower
yeah now let me calm down now you're
going to be nice and calm buzz you're
good mate remember you're good you got
bugs on me yes I'm currently watching a
program called grey Kearney watching
child of our time which is a TV show
that started in 2013 17 years ago and
basically followed the babies being born
and then it's happened every couple of
years since then and now the kids are
like seventeen but it's crazy because
we're watching it now remembering the
babies and the toddlers and now the old
at sixteen seventeen
look at the dogs papi how jealous how
jealous of me
I am the dog king oh you scared her away
five boys happy
hi officer I wanna be a good boy good
boy no girl tusen takk girl forget me
give me my doll yours is mine hey old
man zombies my girl is more senseless
good awful Oh get off
good boy buzzy get off yeah
okay buzzy one minute sorry pop a good
boy buzzy oops sorry papi not a not a
good girl listen bye
this was not my idea this was my idea
guys we've kind of come to McDonald's on
the way home and it's not even on the
way home is like the opposite direction
but we've come via McDonald's drive-thru
and wait do we know what we get it i
know i won I don't this is my first day
at the gym and I'm like I'm at
McDonald's hey how you doing good thank
you
can I get a 1 look Fleury normal time
look a lot because I get shot of
everything 9 chicken nuggets and a
medium jet and an apple pie
thank you should be personal you
maybe you Coriolis equally okay so
you're always somehow manages to forget
her past whenever we go whenever we go
out by or know who this is the best
have you never had this with one of
every shot oh I mean that point of me
why then fair enough
is it possible to double curry sauce
thank you thanks so much thank you have
a lovely evening just never know how I
caught fits around the toilet round the
drive-through it's quite it does it does
I guess that's you know then I'm going
to design something well drive round
yeah that's true make a driver I'm not
going under that lorry oh no I can't
even eat it cuz it would matter on my
lap you want to pull over pulled over in
the car in the car park this time eat oh
my god one of everything if you if you
like look flurries and you've never
tried to ask if one of everything I
think you have to pay like 40px taught
or something like that
monopoly oh yeah you know how much I
used to always win on those things
Oh apple pie I'll kick it you just
bought one and I won an apple pie and
hope she just dropped them up very into
the car look how much chocolate is on
the floor and you are a manager sort out
all of the chocolate that are dropped on
the floor always sorted I was just about
to go upstairs and get into bed and end
the vlog but I've realize Oh II Zoey
I realize I'm not allowed upstairs am i
what did you say at the end of
yesterday's vlog you said I'm not
allowed to end the vlog in bed anymore
so I'm gonna have to end it down here
it's been nice hanging out today guys
give the video a big old thumbs up I'll
see you in the morning goodnight
hi
