your sobriety
good morning guys good morning today is
the day we are having the race I've got
one cart here another cart here I just
kind of need to build them attach the
segways take them to the park get Zoe
get puppy the only thing I kind of
haven't thought about is how hard
they're actually going to be to build
but I hope you having a lovely day
whatever you're up to wherever you are
in the world whoever that's been school
work college a day off I hope you're
having a lovely day so this here is what
it's meant to look like I feel like my
best bet is to look at that look at the
stuff that I've got in real life and
just try and build it this is
instruction number one tire separately
put four m8 40 millimeter inserted into
the hold of the pedal frame then it's
still six inch inflatable tire MA flat
gasket and mate sharpen all in sequence
let's just hope this doesn't fall apart
got one of the carts done the only issue
is that we've got all these parts here
but we're just going to ignore that if
you feel safe this is what it's meant to
look like this is what oh crap object
handles are the right way on that one
and the wrong way on on my gosh I've
just put the tools in the box
okay well this is what it's meant to
look like this is what that one looks
like and this one I need to tweak it one
minute I'm going to leave all that
rubbish for later
excited hell yeah imagine really excited
you know the weather cooking later Paris
what could we have forgotten we don't
need money the water have you got your
wallet I got my wallet got the two carts
got the two segways and we did then
we're good we don't allow actually
allowed to park here know that there is
a parking sign Monday to Friday 9:00
till 4:00 Sammy's is for free as well
because it's past 4:00 p.m.
make your room oh my god
Allah we're parked where are you here we
go I'm actually so excited guys serious
I say into Zoey
this really isn't just for the vlog this
is like I'm genuinely so excited to do
this look at that
hey pop you carry this this one's really
light it's so heavy we've gone down to
this cycle track so it's like a massive
cycle track with a cricket pitch in the
middle
we've changed parks up the last one was
too busy there was tons of you guys just
shouting at us the whole time when we
left can we clean up that's you chose to
go on the grass I said let's do it on
the track though is just end up the
second one we have got a nice track all
the way around this Park to do on but
they wanted to practice on the grass I
wish I I wish I got a third one this is
so not fair I bought how did I not see
this happening I bought them and now the
girls are just stolen them Sean where
are you man go for it go for it go for
it right let's have a race come and pot
pot next to each other right you pop
there stop there
I'll take that just in case you guys
drop them three two one go
oh my gosh he's loving it though he's
killing it we've been here for about ten
minutes so far and I haven't even had
one minute not even one second on one of
the carts yet everybody had one of these
Segway things they were like two three
four hundred pounds back in the day go
Bobby go push them down but I haven't
been using mine recently and then Zoey
annoyed to saw a TV program and they had
these on them the little carts yeah the
little carts are like sixty pounds guys
I'll leave a link down below they're
literally just on Amazon why but now you
can ya the network weighs little segways
the hoverboards is my moment guys you
got tree in your mouth careful bloody
ell someone's gonna get hurt
have you got my phone still break hey
you went down gonna race we're sure okay
hang on okay
he's got married oh you poor old it's
got what like you know when you please
skate and somebody does a skateboard
trick and the other one has to copy it
yeah you go first you do a trick and I
have to copy up okay Oh 316 peanut 49
who you just lemonade oh yeah
these are actually so Oh Jung ah cuz we
were just getting a boomerang and it
Zoey so nearly hit me while sighs what I
need to prove a rag yeah I'm not so
proud of you now your honor you're gonna
off balance what pop is trying to do
guys this is sorry look at me
pop look up go go go wait oh happy
I'll be I'll be raw I don't I get tell
my knee I'll be look at if I go hey hey
where's re going oh my gosh she's so far
thank you no car you're much heavier oh
yeah always really hard to spare it
Alfie's made a friend that dog is so
desperate for her to throw that ball
you're right that puppy here he comes
through the trees and I'm sorry parties
on this far
made new friends called Gillian okay
that's the worst rocket angle I've ever
seen in my life what we might have been
to do differ box we're going up here
wait until we get on the flat we're
going to be going to so far my god so
the girls are on them were riding them
back to the cars the sons head home is
getting pretty damn cold guys it's
probably like half past 7:00 and evening
these were so successful I knew they
were going to be fun because of the
video that that we reacted to in
yesterday's vlog if you saw it but I
didn't realize they were going to be as
good as they actually are like they
actually go pretty damn fast
governor off-roading off-roading go go
go go good as I get
mom I think I love it more than the
Beast would Oh No I've looked so e in
the car
she's going to stay in there forever can
you actually not get out
she didn't even realize I've worked her
in no I'm gonna pretend when they return
that mopin in it and I'm actually
locking again I can't do that
huh I can't do that
why don't I just going to leave her what
I'm gonna have to leave you there when
you love someone knowing how much
yourself in there and then the key was
out here well how would you do that and
now I feel super happy about tidying all
of this up because I know how much fun
it was so I don't mind doing recycling
now tomorrow morning I'm starting
properly training in the gym again
Monday to Friday every single day but
that's not till tomorrow so today is my
last day of eating unhealthy so I'm
about to have some Zoey's birthday
chocolates and I've also got a glass of
red wine
and we're watching courgette to it I say
this every Monday when we watch it if
you're not already watching Bourget and
all you're doing with your life I'm
going to in the blood guys if you've
enjoyed the day give it a big thumbs up
today's notification this is hard to say
when I go I braces it notifications
shout out but likewise just watching me
so it's just staring at me it's my mom
though it's not GMO as your mom got my
notifications on Tracy if you've got
none taken
today shadow it goes to Jess oh my gosh
I would say a twitter name just like
it's literally Zoey's it's which
collective is Jess six four eight nine
five five six four one that's the
longest Twitter name that I've ever
shouted out Thank You Jess you've got
all three of my YouTube notifications
turned on you poisoner also vlog but we
just got out of the bath I've got the
gym I'll be ruins the end of the day by
doing this bloody and in the vlog and
doing a shout out yeah I'm just but I
can't not yet why am I not in focus but
God not shout out these people I'm just
a nice guy okay I'll stop
come on cannon I'm going to start trying
to end of logs whilst I'm not in bed
starting tomorrow I've also got the gym
in the morning I'll see you then guys
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it
- Mazzone just put me in the vlog how
much did you enjoy this one per car I
actually love them they're so sick I'm
going to try and buy another two and
then me and Sean can get can go on them
and poppy Enzo and we could always on
the park if you will know what they call
it the cool app hover cars or hoverboard
carts or I don't know I'll leave a link
down below that I will see you and I'll
see you in the morning
