I am gutted you know my big vlog camera
the one that I bought fairly recently
it's quite expensive to the point where
I bought it secondhand may or may not
have broken it I mean I have broken it
then I'm so it may not I have broken I
was filming a clip yesterday yesterday's
blog if you saw it at the end when I was
having a shower not like that kind of
clip but it seemed okay and I like
cleared the lens and stuff and it seems
fine it's not fine it now won't focus
then let me show you let me get out
quickly we're trying to get to a camera
shop today so this is the camera Lumix G
H 5 7 to 14 mil lens maybe I don't know
if you'll be able to see can you see
that everything's not hundreds and in
focus if I were to take a picture it
doesn't focus water focus is on if I
pull the pull the focus ring it doesn't
do anything in focus
I just really hope that it's the lens
that's broken and not the body because
the body is the more expensive bit
anyways we have this little camera that
I enjoy using it's just not as wide
angle as this one I'm gonna try and get
that fixed today I'm off to town to have
like a little little Instagram photo
shoot kind of thing I put a pole on my
Instagram the other day saying what do
you prefer
do you prefer artsy like photography
photos or do you prefer just chilled out
iPhone pictures and selfies and things
and I think it was like 65% your iPhone
and 35% artsy photos that's kind of not
enough one way to be able to be like I'm
just gonna cheat on your iPhone pictures
or I'm just gonna do more like nice
photography pictures because it's like
35 or 65% I feel like I should upload
content that is both so today I'm off my
photographer designer is in town
shooting submerge
pictures for me at the moment and I'm
off to go grab some lunch and catch up
with her and then we're gonna go and
shoot a couple of instagrams
so I've got a big bag here
pair shoes and stuff that we're gonna
shoot some pictures for my Instagram if
you don't already follow me it's a
pointless blog and then of course for
the upper 65% of people who wanted just
like phony pictures of course I can just
do that myself occasionally so that's
the plan we're gonna try and fake it
being a nice day
let's put a deck chair out it's sunny
it's just bloomin cold
yeah it's been quite a few hours since
the last proper vlog to chat to the
camera when shooting instagrams all day
around town and on the beach and on the
pier and as you saw we even pretended
that it was sunny in one picture no idea
what it's going to come out like if I've
already uploaded that picture by the
time this video goes out if I edit it
together and it does actually look good
go give it a like I'll put it on the
screen now go over show it some love
I've been editing the vlog like mad
today's vlog is a big one 32 minutes
long if you haven't seen it go grab a
coffee go check it out after this video
32 minutes long it's a sick one so much
stuff happened the only thing that isn't
sick about it is the fact that the fire
was so big because it's 32 minutes that
the Internet in there just couldn't get
it up quick enough and it was going to
be way late like I was gonna have to be
in there for a couple of hours I'm
walking like incredibly fast
yeah Brighton is so dead so quiet
it's literally no one around aren't
there some people just as I say that
yeah here we go
videos just gone live all good we've got
a big old package I know exactly what it
is it has come all the way from Florida
in America I've been tracking I should
not point a knife at you I've been
tracking at for the last like week or so
on the delivery is finally here we've
got a big knife for the big box I can't
cut it with one hand I'm gonna let me
beat down there only we had my other
camera the one that bloomin broke the
one that broke we can film this better
well the important thing is the contents
of the box not film in the box one two
three four so if you've been watching
the vlogs recently you'll know that I've
spoken about this podcast that I'm
launching soon this is what these are
for
so the podcast is going to be in fact
actually on my main channel as well just
to give you a little hint on what kind
of content is coming I don't know leaked
too much the podcast is gonna be shot
here at this table unless I need to go
on location to shoot specific people
that can't make it to the office if
their Diaries are crazy busy or they
live in another country or something but
predominantly the podcast is going to be
shot here and these here are the new
microphone stands that fingers crossed
like really please everybody watching
this now cross your fingers cross your
toes of course whatever you bloomin can
that thing is fit and hopefully are
gonna work amazingly if I've ordered the
right one there was like six different
kinds of ones or something into order
and I got a little bit confused and I
think I ordered the right one so that
bit is meant to clip onto the edge of
the table this can swing round depending
where you're sitting and then it can
point the microphone up and down
depending again on where you sit in the
only thing that I'm a little bit
confused is how to clip that to the
table
because I swear it's meant to have a bit
that clips onto the table but it doesn't
have that bit so I don't know if I need
to order something else or whether I
just ordered the whole wrong one for the
last hour and a half
I've been trying everything to get this
set up and they just came with nothing
to connect them to the actual desk to a
table so I've got like a really cool
like set of arms but no way to connect
them to the table saw okay
don't worry I've had previous my comms
before I'll go get one they're one of
the clumpy bits from upstairs so this
one is from a different mic on put it on
there
fits perfect but the table but the table
is too thick for the clamp like if the
clamp goes straight it doesn't fit and
that's as wide as it can possibly go so
that fits but it's just annoyingly too
small and then this run here fits on the
table like that but the bit isn't the
right fit for the end like this can't
fit you are any further than that and so
it just falls out there is an audio shop
in town a professional audio so I might
take one of these in there and be like
guys help me come up this to something I
need to clamp four of them to my desk
can't find anything my numbers in the
works so I went on the website the B&H
website were ordered these from all the
way in America and they have a live chat
feature so I was chatting to that live
chat feature type in like a good half an
hour at least explaining it linking them
videos then they were saying we don't
have them and I was like but on your
website it says that you do have them
like in the picture the picture when I
bought this is count to a desk please
can you look at the picture can you look
at the video at three minutes that's on
your website go to three minutes and
look at it he's like yeah it's a clamp
to a desk but I don't know what that is
I don't know way you can buy that and
I'm like what see you so these are in
your website yeah you don't have a way
to connect them to a desk and he's like
I don't know about that
uh-huh What did he say he ended the
conversation something like I don't know
about that I won't be able to tell you
today left the chat but what the people
would they're like are on the website
work in
don't even know themselves so I think my
best bet is to leave it for now they
want to waste any more time tonight
trying to figure out a solution I just
need to buy a product that actually fits
on that end and can clamp to a desk
that's like six inches deep if you know
a product please tweet me a link I'm
gonna go to the audio shop as soon as I
possibly can and to try and see if
they've got something because they must
have something I'm trying out something
completely new and I don't know if it's
going to be worthwhile I don't if I'm
gonna use it at all I'm basically
setting up a new setup a new location to
shoot some videos I don't know what for
I don't know where the videos are we go
in but it looks quite nice just gonna
get one of these mics into the setup as
well so they've got some good audio
testing testing testing wait a minute
okay this sounds quite cool okay one
minute okay let's try this out pop I'm
gonna hit the camera on record I don't
even know what I'm doing this ball like
I haven't haven't got any particular
videos in mind that I'm going to shoot
here let's switch over to the big camera
how's the mic sounding how's my hair
looking it's looking pretty colorful
because we're filming on a bigger better
camera I kind of like this setup you
know I like this lighting tell me how
the audio sounds there let me know how
the audio sounds here I don't mind it
poking and shot a little bit cuz we can
we can just chat this could be this
could be the sit down and like have a
chat spot when I feel like sitting down
and having a rant about something this
could be the spot in fact whilst I'm
here now let's talk about something that
I saw earlier on YouTube that's been
going around it went around a few years
ago and then it's started coming around
again recently sorry I'm gonna keep on
looking up here at the screen and then
I'm gonna keep on looking at the camera
and the microphone cuz I'm still getting
used to like the triple setup compared
to normal just the vlogging camera but
um about I think it was like two years
ago now there was a a video trend that
rent went round online that was called
something along the lines of like am I
happy
doing YouTube am I happy making YouTube
videos I think it started off with Felix
PewDiePie and then it went on to KC nice
start and a load of other people and I
think I spoke about it if I remember
correctly in a video I stumbled across
one of Felix's videos earlier I said
some but of course I am subscribed to
him but I started what I watched all of
it earlier on and it was called
something let me put it up it was called
something like is YouTube really worth
it he uploaded two days ago it's got 4
million views and he spoke again about
the topic of is YouTube really worth it
so the video is basically based off the
fact of forced positivity on YouTube
that's what we were talking about a year
ago when the first video went up and
Casey's video and every mewtwo bur ever
made a video about forced positivity on
YouTube and whether they're real in
their content or whether they're trying
to put across a more positive image than
what is the actual reality of their day
if that makes sense
but I think to some level as well I
think everybody in general and my
friends that just from school and
college and stuff you don't have a big
following on social not trying to be
youtubers or social media people or
whatever and whatever people are doing
these days
I think to some level everybody is like
that like I didn't even my even my mum's
Instagram she uploads nice pictures of
her flowers I'm sure there's some
flowers in her garden that probably
aren't looking as nice as the one she
put up online do you see what I'm saying
like everybody like you're not gonna
post a picture I mean not many people
are gonna post a picture on the beach
whether you've got a big social
following or not of you like hunched
over eating some food with like not
looking your best people might just put
a picture of him smiling sitting on the
beach I don't know but anyways the topic
was forced positivity on YouTube and
whether youtubers individually are
forcing positivity on their audience I
think I spoke about it I mean I make so
many videos I upload so much content
I must have spoken about it at some
point and if I didn't then that's what
I'm here to do today to speak about
false positive limit check if the audio
still record him hey audio still
recording and I suppose this is where we
go on to a change of content and Felix
spoke about that in his video how he
predominately was like grew on YouTube
for the gaming and the horror games and
scary stuff and
happy wheels and things and then as he
stopped doing that as much he assumed
and kind of accepted that a big chunk of
his audience was gonna disappear because
that's why they were subscribed but he
was happy for that chunk of his audience
to disappear to be able to just make
content that he was enjoying and have a
small audience however that didn't
happen his audience has grown and
growing and growing ever since but he's
now just 100% making sure that he is
making content that he is enjoying
awesome that's the key that's the thing
to do with YouTube in my opinion I
suppose I'm kind of going through that
what he went through maybe but in a
different kind of way because I'm not
changing from gaming to more
predominantly non-gaming but just I was
last year 2017 intense daily vlogs like
every single day I was uploading at 5
p.m. as best as I possibly could without
fail I stopped my pointless blog channel
purely to be able to do that and I mean
I also stopped my gaming channels we
have to do that and like everything even
on my Instagram I barely uploaded last
year I didn't even tweet as much last
year like I didn't I hardly use my snap
I do you know I mean like I I literally
just put all of my time and all my
energy into daily vlogs and I bloody
loved it like I'm not even joking
forced positivity don't think I did it
like don't get me wrong I'm happy in the
majority of my vlogs but I'm also just
as happy to sit down and like I feel
like I'm pretty real with you guys I'm
sure there's some people that don't like
my videos and would probably say that
I'm not real with you guys but I mean a
chat about like we're not a camera down
my throat I filmed all of that when hi
launching a new company I'm chatting
about that when I invested in property
and I'm renting that property I chat
about that I chat about yeah like I
don't know I think I'm in a I think I am
incredibly lucky in life touchwood to
have a predominantly and this could
change any moment a very very happy life
and I know how and I understand how
lucky I am to have that but of course I
can probably see that from the outside
that looks maybe occasionally like I'm
forcing positivity or whatever I'm not
however i 100% do want to be as
how can I put this I wouldn't ever want
you to walk away from a video feeling
worse than what you were when you came
like if my videos can do one thing ever
for you that would purely be and I've
said this in a ton of talks and stuff
I've done before if my videos can take
15 minutes 10 minutes however long the
video is out of your crappy day and make
you forget about what's going on in your
life then that's that's all I'm asking
for that is I'm happy I'm not looking
for the most views on YouTube I'm just
looking for a real connection a real
relationship with the people that watch
my videos and I truly believe that I've
got that particularly because of the
solid content that I shoot filming my
life it's quite like I mean it's not
quite it's incredibly intense like
whether be people in the street like I
met a girl today that whereas it's
downstairs in my bag that bumped into me
and she was Alfie I met you a year ago
and I told you that I was going to
Brazil to record a CD and this was when
I was in the Apple store alone earlier
should I met you and I was like whoa I
legit dude like I actually remember that
from a year ago and she's our this and
this has happened and this happened from
a lie so far and I've been watching your
vlogs and this and that and then she
gave me the CD that she went to Brazil
to go and record yet like for the last
year so I'd met her she told me she was
going to do it and she gave me that CD
today and I'm listen to it yet obviously
haven't had time but I've got the CD and
I'm gonna like listen to it tonight
that's sick like that kind of
relationship that's I just don't feel
like you could get on any other platform
anyway it's going back to being honest
being real I do 100% want you to always
leave my videos feeling better than what
you came to my videos being so I'm never
gonna purposely make my video negative
I'm never gonna make it down however if
I'm having a bad day I'm happy to film
me having a bad day but I don't want
that to make you have a bad day so I
mean does that count there's like force
positivity I don't think it does I think
I'm just like I'm as honest as I can be
but I also do remind you and I have
always done since I've done these daily
vlogs is that you only
see 10 15 20 minutes yesterday 32
minutes of my day
my day is 24 hours long my day is just
as long as yours but you're only getting
to see what like 15 minutes of it so do
always bear that in mind whenever you're
watching a daily vlogger and I know it's
common sense but but you probably just
forget about it sometimes like I do and
I'm watching youtubers and stuff you
only seen like 20 minutes or 15 minutes
or whatever of my day
the rest of it you're not seeing so
always bear that in mind when you're
watching a youtuber you're just getting
to see what that person wants you to see
and of course there's going to be me and
my girlfriend don't kiss on camera
because that's not for the internet
that's just for me and my girlfriend and
of course we argue like we're just like
any other couple I'm not gonna get my
camera right in the middle of an
argument and start filming it and going
but I just want to be real and honest
with my audience like that that that's
not for I know you don't even know how
many people watch these videos half
million people to see but that doesn't
mean that my videos aren't real like I'm
here just don't I think what some people
forget when it comes to YouTube and I
don't want to generalize for every
youtuber but it's certainly certainly
for me
I just don't take this like as seriously
as people think I take it like I just I
bloom and put a clip of me yesterday
having a shower like only from here and
up in my vlog and it broke my camera
like I'm out here just messing about
there's no big production there's no
fancy stuff going on there's no like
secret things that I'm trying to like
push to you guys and make you do a
manipulate like I'm just making little
fun videos you know I mean like yes a
lot of people watch them but I'm gonna
make mistakes I'm gonna do things well
when I do things badly I don't know I
don't know I'm just out here making
little videos and I feel like I'm
spiraling away something that isn't very
obvious is the importance of me spending
time out of vlogs with friends and with
family this like vlogging thing that I
do I film my life is that's a choice
that I make but that isn't a choice that
Zoey makes that isn't a choice that my
family makes that my friend makes my
friend I know I have not the one friend
of my friends make
so often we'll be doing things and
people might not want to be on camera
people might not want to film so the
vlog could be shorter than normal not
because of my choice but because I might
be hanging out people that just aren't
comfortable being on camera and I can't
because I'm doing every single day if it
was one day a week I might be able to
just make sure that day I was doing
something fun and cool and everyone was
happy to be on camera
but I can't make sure all times that the
people that I'm with every single day in
day out are happy to be on camera
in fact one of my friends recently I was
chatting to about them daily vlogging
and they said to be able to make their
videos every single day because they
were so busy for that week and I'm like
this is like the level of that this is
insane people shouldn't be doing this
like yes of course they won't upload for
their audience and their audience want
to watch the videos but this is just
stupid they slept every other night for
two weeks just to be able to get their
content up for their audience so that's
bloody ludicrous no one should be doing
that they should just be taking those
two weeks off or that week off if or
just uploading every other day or
something but the thing that would seem
obvious in this situation would just be
to like upload every other day and
actually sleep like a human is meant to
sleep but when you're swept up in this
YouTube bubble that really really can
like sometimes you can look back and you
can be like oh my gosh what have I done
for the last month the set forum film
and edit film and edit film and edit
just creating content non-stop time goes
past quick when you're making daily
content and I can fully understand how
this person just got into the light to
be able to do this content and to be
able to upload every single day I won't
have time to sleep therefore I'm not
going to sleep not instead the other way
round where they said therefore I'm
going to stop half my videos so that I
can sleep but just I'm not gonna be able
to sleep like that's insane overall
round up am I happy on YouTube I am
incredibly happy incredibly happy
they've definitely been times where I
haven't been as happy as I am now and
not like I've been like sad before but
I've definitely felt the pressure of
creighton daily videos whilst being
incredibly busy for sure and inst
maybe just taking some time off I've
just been like hammering trying to grind
those videos out and yeah I probably
shouldn't have done that
but I've done that and I think I've
learned that lesson from now and I think
for me now I'm just so excited to start
creating some different kinds of content
last year as I said I just focused on
these vlogs absolutely loved them this
year 2018 launching the podcast
launching bat my main channel hopefully
launched about my gaming channel as well
start to film in those videos already
gonna keep uploading these daily vlogs
as much as I possibly can hopefully
seven days a week might be four days one
week might be five days one week might
be seven days every week I don't know
I'm gonna keep doing these as much as I
possibly can
but obviously uploading on the other
channels again and creating new fresh
content is going to take up a ton the
time time that I'm excited to give to it
because I'm willing to now last year I
wasn't willing to I just wanted to focus
solely on this on this channel you are
the key you are the crooks you are the
thing that holds YouTube together same
with me being a viewer I would say I'm
just as much a viewer of YouTube that I
am a youtuber of YouTube or like a
content creator because I also watch a
lot of YouTube always remember that the
people that watch YouTube shape the
platform you guys like in videos you
guys commented on videos you guys tweet
in videos and link in your mummy and
your Nana and whatever it is that is
what makes YouTube so special that is
what makes videos videos go viral we as
viewers are in control do not forget
that if you don't agree with someone's
content the best thing to possibly do
instead of even disliking it would be to
stop watching it and if you love
someone's content no matter the youtuber
no matter even if they make cleaning
videos or knitting videos would be too
heavily support them comment on their
stuff like their stuff let them know
that you love it and let's just keep
this pace of bloody happy of happy
platform there's so much great content
being made every single second on this
platform and we just can't let the
occasional video of someone doing
something stupid
bring this platform down any youtubers
watching this video don't let anything
stop you from making content that you
love making however you you feel might
drop your
or do this or that your health your
happiness is the important thing in this
over anything else make content you love
making that's the key that's it it's
that simple I don't even know if this
mic sounds any good or if this looks any
good or if I'm in focus or anything like
that I have no idea literally just set
it up anyways I'm gonna go back home I
need to eat dinner it's late it's half
past nine and haven't even started
cooking my dinner yet let me know down
below if you like the little sit-down
chat maybe we can do it more maybe we
can implement it into like a pointless
blog main channel thing that I
occasionally do on topics that are
interesting I don't know let me know
give the video a like if you liked it
let's go let's go cook some dinner I
don't have to stand up without the mic
whoo I was just packing up my bag now
and I remember that I got this parcel
earlier on from YouTube came in the post
it looks so cool moving vlogs to my
favorite oh my god I love you I'm so
happy for you guys congratulations they
look so happy often live I'm so happy
for them these are all comments from you
guys that's amazing I love that
literally these are comments from you
guys do more makes me happy you're so
inspiring I wish more people had your
business ethics love this video yeah I'm
gonna leave that there that's so cool
as I said I need to need to head off I
will sort these mic stands soon we're
going to get the podcast going we are
gonna do that it was such a nice day
today and now it's raining
