goodbye doggies see you later
good morning guys good morning how you
doing today I'm kicking off the morning
by going to get my blooming ham sorted
out I've had these issues with my hands
for the last two days if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog so not last night but
the night before I fell asleep on the
sofa for like an hour and a half
cuddling Zoe
my arm is underneath her and when I woke
up like just like normal
I had like pins and needles in the dead
hand and it still hasn't gone it's been
two days and my hand is still like
completely numb and pins needles from
like here to about there all of that
just like horrible I can't feel it's all
numb
I was about to book a doctor's
appointment but then I got told it'd be
far better if I went and saw a physio
who could like do something with my
nerves and my stuff in my neck and my
shoulder and my arm I don't know I got a
fizzy appointment starting in 12 minutes
just jumped in the car it's a pretty
nice day over there is a complete blue
sky over there is my gray hopefully it's
going this way just all darn upbeat yeah
because that's what we're taking the day
off with let me put some music on in the
car so I can boogie on down everyone is
tweeting me thinking it as an April
Fool's we've got some good news
everybody my neck is it damaged my spine
isn't damaged
I still got I still got a hundred
percent strength in my hand a hundred
percent movement and mobility in my hand
so nothing is wrong what she thinks I've
done is irritated the nerve under my
armpit whilst I was sleeping and that
branch is all the way down to my hand
and hopefully it's just going to like
fade over the next couple of days or
something I'll get that Instagram go get
that so good so all good fit I'm feeling
good because now at least I know that
it's not anything bad there's not that
big a difference between a Tuesday and a
Saturday for me because obviously doing
youtubers my job I do my vlogs every
single day the only difference is that
is that other Arcana can speak is that I
don't go to meetings on the weekend and
I also don't have my PA working with me
on Saturday and Sunday in the weekend
but there's something about the weekend
that's just amazing I think it's the
everyone's out the house everyone's just
enjoying themselves everyone like the
vast obviously people do work on the
weekends but the vast majority of people
are done right now I'm just looking
around if once are in that little coffee
shop there in another coffee shop
they're in a little baby clothes shop
they're looking at those properties for
sale in that short when everyone is just
like everyone's just like enjoying
themselves I've now got no taste buds
just want myself a little coffee and a
nice little sandwich for brunch I having
a breakfast yet today it's going to be a
good day today it's going to be a good
day I can feel it I can feel it you know
Brighton is the best place to live
yes sorry white is just the best place
everyone's just so oh my god they're
behind me like trapped me and everyone
is everyone's just so happy and
energetic and friendly and yeah there is
no better place I'm being important when
it's sunny no mean I flew to Lewis again
today we love coming here with this nice
weather and other than if you remember
but last time we came we walked up this
hill that was so long in steep the one
that would walk out currently to get to
this little shop where they sell babies
clothes although when we got there it
was kind of closed so we're trying again
today stupidly we haven't actually
checked see if it's open you sure it's
going to be open okay it's a Saturday
midday
we've got Nala with us today is super
loving her life right now she's going a
super cute little handmade collar on
hello harness she's actually be really
scared of every dog we walk past so far
normally she's my darling to me yeah
better she doesn't know sis normally if
we ever see any dog the bigger the
better
no I will go up to and want to play with
it and stuff today she's been like super
quiet and chilled
look how chilled gnar has been literally
behind us you never walks behind us we
bought had little water bottle along
with us so we can give her a drink no
knowledge on drink no guess she doesn't
want one then the little natural card
oh look how cute was it okayed so yeah
like it Nana Nana you like it you having
fun I just can't go over these I think
these are my favorite a little light
look at it Oh BOM how big it is for the
usual clothes that are like just look
like adult style grades they're so nice
that one's so good I think Michaels a
lot of fun
I have no patches here I love this one
it's got to the point where no one is
being so lazy and if we come in a short
Bukharian huh that one Cheers
hello Missy yeah like a giant guinea pig
you there is nothing you tell everyone
where we've come okay now you know time
in on the table none of that that's
naughty
hey you I love you I like all the
amazing food we got English all nearly
knocked over single-shot Mart a
gluten-free flapjack rocky road eel and
Zoe we're sort of coffee and what is
that coffee and some coffee and cinnamon
cake but you hate coffee
I hate drinking coffee I think it
actually the reason why you don't like
coffee it occurs of the caffeine yeah
Robin that's coffee flavor so do a decaf
you never drink decaf I never used to
like drinking I don't really drink hot
drinks I've also got a piece of quiche
coming because I can't just get three
different kinds of cakes
Oh see I need to get actual food as well
thank you so much
here we go you were such a good girl
today I feel like a proud father she
behaved very very well today
no pulling on the lead just chilled
saying hello to everyone and everyone
when it's ello to her very well-behaved
in the shops due to wheeze and also Appu
not not in shops the reason boos were I
our car lights are still on wait that
light's still on in the car let's see
what we got for dinner tonight yeah
we've got a lot of good food today in
the fridge I'm guessing all of you use
to watch cribs but remember they used to
do that bit where they like this is in
that fridge this is what's in there and
then open up that big like American
double through and the only thing that
used to be in there was either water or
energy drinks that was literally it
they're never used to be anything else
in there they never have like an actual
fridge full of food like this
this looks pretty damn good if I do say
so myself it looks a tiny bit burn but
it's not bad don't worry I'm just going
to tell myself it's because I added soy
sauce which makes it look a bit burnt
because soy sauce on it but the most
important thing is the taste test so
then we get a big mouthful see what
we're saying delicious that's actually
really really good like it is honestly
really really good normally what I do
when I'm cooking a stir-fry I know it's
like the basic meal ever but just stick
with me listen okay the only what I do
is I put the chicken until it's
completely cooked then I add the
vegetables then add the egg noodles and
this time I thought actually my chicken
is always a little bit tough because
it's fully cooked then it's left you
must eventually the veggies look again
then it's left and once the egg noodles
are cooking so what I did this time and
then this might be what you're actually
meant to do I cook the chicken
I took the chicken out and put it on a
side I could not honor what you're
barking at cook the vegetables for four
minutes they're meant to be in for six
minutes how did the egg noodles that are
meant to be in for two minutes
those are perfectly times then add the
chicken back in just to warm it up so
it's already cooked and then I just like
huge it helps it was nice and fresh and
warm again I'm feeling proud of myself
but but then all I haven't realised this
why is it taking me 23 years to realize
how to cook and decent stir-fry early
I'm a little bit embarrassed and now
I've just told one with you on a
different note though is currently in
the bar and how dinner's still cooking
up hers is going to take about 35
minutes i dinner so I was still cooking
she's in the bath and watching a TV
program about people making extreme
treehouses like crazy amazing beautiful
tree houses and on another different
though I'm currently texting Jay has
just told me he's in Brighton
I mean electrum put me up
but yeah he said because you know I
thought yes what time maybe in an hour
and I said can we do an hour and a half
because I'm just cooking Zoey and I
dinner all so let's add some cocktails
in but yes sounds good should we say
11:00 I thought where should we meet and
he replies at the casino I mean a legend
would picked me up but I can't get a
taxi let me just call him up let me just
see what he's saying hello my boy are
you doing all right yeah I'm called to
pick you up the only issue with that is
I live in my Soniya not that your mom
literally live so far away from my house
which is also very true yeah but then
I'll only be able to one cocktail that's
the biggest issue that's very true
Colette unless I come and pick you up
bring you back to my house then we get a
taxi but I mean that will take you
longer yeah I think what I think what
the plan is if I'm going to be honest is
you get a taxi yeah and we win that
money back from the casino so they pay
for the taxi that's what I'm saying so I
just reach down
little friends
Oh
ow
