so then if you saw on Twitter at all
last night I fell asleep cuddling Zoey
on the sofa my arm underneath her when I
woke up this hand from like here all of
this to my knuckles and my entire thumb
like completely numb just couldn't feel
it I was tweeting about it loads saying
guys have you got any tips to wake it up
it's been like half an hour now this is
quite weird
and now I've woken up nine hours after I
fell asleep on the sofa like I was left
for nine hours but it's been nine hours
since and my hand is still completely
numb like my thumb like yeah that feels
so weird when I touch my thumb
it's like ultimate pins and needles so
I'm currently watching a video on
YouTube and how to UM how to wake up a
dead hand no I didn't know that
slipping a sleeping hand can be
compression of the neck I did lots of
stuff yeah your massage your neck that's
the only thing I'm worried about because
I don't know how it works obviously I'm
not a doctor but surely having no blood
go to that part of my hand or whatever
the nerves for nine hours isn't good for
that part of your body so better to
release the nerve ASAP see that my not a
oh yeah keep doing that magic my hand
stops being better oh my god
just the standard you know the standard
four minutes into my training
so I was meant to be jumping in a car
hey hey there again but I don't if I
fully explain to you how close I was to
missing that train I got on the closest
or possible with one minute to spare as
soon as I started walking the train
started moving literally only just made
it although now I'm kind of like 45
minutes early
because I assumed to myself that I was
going to miss the train and I haven't
this day now I'm just going to jump in
the tube I'm going to Kings Cross and
very much together just a little hand
update still completely numb can't feel
atlatl Victoria Line train so mainly a
half an hour early I also have no idea
where I'm going because I haven't been
to this new YouTube space yet and on top
of that I also have been eating
breakfast
yeah but I've got over half an hour to
do that that's what I'm talking about
guys Leon just managed to pick up so
much good food from Leon I'm like super
happy right now I've met so many of you
whilst walking around just then ditching
the time that I bought this I just
bumped into maybe like 15 of you just
let yourself governess and as I said I
have no idea where I'm going so I just
rung Louise who's already here she said
she's going to meet me a giant birdcage
with a swinging that there it is look so
Louise is going to be somewhere around
here I see her
miss I forgot
camouflage today you couldn't see me ah
here we go
this we are that's so much better than
my lunch why the heck did I buy this
Louise is going to you to school but
there is going to be a bag in my eyes
for internal like carne I wasn't allowed
to film any of that meeting I thought I
was going to be able to blow all of it
went in there met up with Louise Joe Jim
Tanya sorted food down and Phil loves
like guys I can film all of it and
they're like now you know I'll ask him
any of it so so didn't in a film on any
bit because marinelle wasn't actually
allowed however he was actually really
really productive and we got a good hour
and a half talking to Susan the CEO of
YouTube about everything that we would
love to be have changed in the platform
everything that we teaches Victoria Line
I'm just jumping back on the train to
Victoria everything that we think should
stay in the platform
and he goes I let's forget in a car back
to Brighton to get to my meeting at 4:30
but I've just realized that if I get the
car I don't think I'm going to make it
so so I'm jumping tube then dropping on
the train hopefully I think I think I'm
going to do it
please 1 complete the tube phase 2 is
getting on the train to button please 3
is again from Brighton station to my
meeting where the Train and 7 minutes as
you need to get to get and that train
will get me in 35 minutes before movies
kind of speed over good platform to 13
not quite the front guys you caught me
I didn't walk all the way to the front
this time just nearly but look how long
the train was and what the majority of
the way that's phase two complete phase
three join the tactic you get my back to
the meeting thank you so much meeting is
over and I'm back home ello mate hello
mate we've got both doggies here today
oh hello Missy ello ello ello
taking the dog is out for a wave you
guys go for your way I'm going on the
trampoline
buddy boy it doesn't know what it is
rule let's get his reaction but let's go
back inside give their time guys we've
got chicken cauliflower cheese come
hello the greens who remembers when we
first got these plugins and later okay
use it there that make and they used to
literally up again out though amazed to
literally play fight all day like we
just couldn't have them together because
they were so difficult there's so many
sessions with a dog trainer a dog
behaviorist coming over and then trying
to help us to get to the point where we
could have them in the same room without
the morning to just fight over one toy
and now they literally come like when we
have both of them they're just ignore it
job we've got one here and then the
nollans are sitting over there they do
still play with toys together and stuff
like that a mess about that they're just
so chilled now like if you're at the
point if you have a dog or two dogs and
you're trying to get your dog and
somebody else's or both your dogs to get
on well together it feels like it's
going to take forever and in the moment
you're like oh my gosh was this the
right decision this is so difficult you
will get there keep going guys look at
them both look how good they are both
just laying down just chilling hanging
out but you'll get there just wanted to
wanted to say that probably doesn't mean
anything to some of you to most of you
because even if there's two of you one
of you out there there's trying to get
two dogs to get on and yeah it's been
happening from weeks or months or
whatever and it's like maybe we did the
wrong thing
stick with it it will be worth it in the
end tomorrow at 11:30 in the morning I'm
going to see somebody yeah it's going to
try to outline going to do it hard
yeah like going for
trying to sort out my hand make the
still like completely numb people think
it's naval force guys won't this be
that'd be the worst April Fool's ever
that I've gone a number and I've been
googling and apparently I don't want to
do a lot because this room scanner not
proper
that's a job she knows what to do in
conversions with dizzy ovaries on for
though is just giving me like a shoulder
/ neck massage because apparently can be
like a nerve has been miss lodged up
high and it can affect they are now like
this just feels on people numb this is
what my evenings turned into gin and
tonic signing books but I don't actually
know what to watch if you've got any
suggestions of TV shows that you think I
may not have watch or may not have seen
before let me know I never heard of it I
saw him in it season one now she blows
it one yeah 13 reasons why okay
apparently watching 13 reasons why so I
only went I fell asleep last night I
forgot to end the vlog like just fell
asleep completely on the sofa we were
watching that Netflix show 13 reasons we
liquid 13 reasons why 13 reasons why the
last thing our members that we want
episode 2 woke up well on my episode 4
or some things so I've got to go back
and watch those but to try in the vlog I
wanted to show you guys this that
YouTube gave me at the meeting yesterday
random
thank you very much YouTube let's see
what's inside genuinely don't know
what's inside I haven't actually looked
yet but is full YouTube spaces learn
connect create are these are those
Google Glasses kind of thing it is so
it's like VRC but you're floating inside
and then it's like the Google glasses
can you see that can you see LR a
youtube pillow
incredibly soft so I've got a new pillow
for a sofa
you are never going to let me put on
also but it won't match the theme of a
front room open on our bed one of these
things actress seemed to take for role
one go a bag inside a bag full of
goodies oh my god there's a lot of stuff
in here a youtube phone charging power
brick a google candy-coated chocolate
beans a can of Google's chocolate beans
a YouTube pop socket the YouTube space
London travel card wallet a YouTube
notepad and pen the YouTube baguette
came in please help me fit this much in
one bag and all I like this I really
like this a youtube hoodie I get that's
actually sick and then lastly of course
we've got the actual rucksack that's
just like a normal black nice rucksack
with the YouTube logo on the front so
thank you thank you very much for all
the goodies right time to do the shout
out of the blog every single blog that
shot one of you guys out who have my
notifications turned on if you have got
my notifications turned on comment down
below saying I've gotten turned off so
that I can see and then I can shout one
of you out tomorrow shout out today goes
to Kate Upton she says please can never
shadow I've tried so hard to get first
colour like ages IV notifications on
your vlogging channel and your main
channel Kate what about my gaming
channel now I'm joking if you've enjoyed
the blog guys give it a big ol thumbs up
and I will m.i.c tomorrow
such a lovely sunny day today so it's
going to be a good blog I'll catch you
tomorrow
