the
Oh
goodbye these guys good morning
it is currently 7 p.m. in the evening
just finished a very work II work day on
my laptop I know good evening guys smell
my show hitting my house no you car so
to switch things up taking relaxing lay
down on it nice and comfortable so to
switch things up from working on my
laptop all day I decided to put the
trampoline fully out in the garden
because today has been the most
beautiful weather ever but I've been
stuck inside even had the blinds and the
curtains not curtains we don't own any
curtains so that there was no glare on
my computer screen so that I could
properly work but the working day is
over
it's 7:00 p.m. the weather still amazing
the Sun the Sun the Sun still hasn't set
knowledge bark in every possible person
is walking past the garden Ulla you're
not a god that's fine that cause allowed
to beat I did you set my spine without
happening on your belly no I don't know
I don't trust you been over my balls no
those are tops I'm going to bounce into
you jump next to me yeah true blade
crack the egg ok have you blade up for
yeah I have to make you let go of your
legs right yeah that's kind of hard if
I've got camera on me so is so funny a
bouncing on the trampoline my dad
wouldn't like you obviously you're
Vinnie I get two bounces to crack you
yeah
my new jacket - there's one yes that was
anyone back gilad right hold up tight
you ready I'll get one bounce no I'm
sorry we'll just lay down
she's it aside that pug you know the
really famous picture of the pug on the
grass when you google black pug anyway I
know it's not an alibi she does look
like that today you're naughty now she
would stop barking super inside and hid
from her looks actually Stu outside
she's not on the sofa it's been a while
what was that like they're running from
the running for the school bus sorry
about my hair that one said time to come
back inside time to start something that
I should have started a couple of weeks
ago and I haven't yet done I need to
open this bloomin big box for three oh
I've got three of these to cut them all
of them as you know those I've been
working working on bar off on this new
pointless book three spoken about in
quite a few vlogs so you're probably
well aware out for the points book one
or just the point this book then I
dropped the pointless book - I knew guys
just went crazy to them like a blitz you
sold over half a million copies of the
books so due to high demand I mean I
told you this this isn't new news I told
you this a while ago I started working
on the points book three and we're like
getting now gone exciting announcement
happening come in super early next month
where you guys can fully get involved
like I'm not allowed to say what it is
but you guys can fully get involved and
help out with a little bit you can
probably guess what I'm saying I'm not
allowed to say it but what we have done
is we've designed the first page I don't
if I'm allowed to show you but I'm just
going to show you anyway the first one
of the first pages of the book
and it looks like this the point is book
three with the three light ripped out
here but I didn't realize that they were
going to be doing look at that Zoe I've
never seen a book plate like that so
it's two pages so they're going to cut
out there obviously who is bringing you
along your mantra limit my mum just
found to have no idea what I was saying
this is the design not this this is two
pages they're going to cut it in half
that's two different books this is the
design for one of the first pages in the
book so what I'm going to do now is the
first yeah there's a lot 10,000 people
to pre-order this book I'm going to get
a signed copy I will tell you when
they're not available now they were
meant to be available like a couple of
weeks ago and I was like guys there's no
point nobody in this world today I mean
if I'm saying this on behalf of myself
nobody wants to pre-order anything and
then after wait less three months for it
so I've talked about book publishers
that I don't want my book to go on sale
until a month before it comes out so the
longest anybody has to wait is like a
month technically this is bad because it
means that I'm less time to sell my
books everyone's more like everyone
saying like but you might not sell as
many copies if you have it out if you
the longer you have on sale with the
more likely you're going to sell copies
that will put you high up in the charts
and all of that I just want you guys to
get the book and not have to wait
blooming ages for it so I don't want you
to have to pay your money and then wait
three or four months or however long
until it comes out I don't if I'm
allowed to say when it comes out yet so
although I've technically got 10,000
pages to sign they're going to be put
into the books the book isn't actually
available yet I'll let you know when
it's available because yeah the reasons
that I just told you personally if it
was me and I had to preorder something I
wouldn't want to give my money four
months in advance I'd rather wait until
close to the date and then get my money
however it doesn't mean that there's a
risk that I'm going to sell this book
but I'm fine with that because I just I
don't want you guys missing out on your
money so this is my task I've now got
10,000 books to sign good luck I did
20,000 you know how long that took me
know how much my back hurt never much my
wrists hurt I'm like I'm going to bring
up my publishers and say guys I will
sign all 10,000 fees if you pay for two
full-body massages
my father bought me my right
blink if you're watching my book
publishes it'd be lovely if I could have
a massage after this there is your self
your jammy get the pace my master okay
so messy I'll give you a massage
hi you massage my back or the XBMC
Rosario so I wonder did I ask you to
massage my neck when I refining lines
very nice remember wait wait I need to
sign my first one so let me show you so
I sign it with you this is the first
ever one that's going to be signed done
the cameras on at number one next to it
in a little circle should i no no close
to it you don't know when they're going
to cut around that edge come out here
one that is the first ever one you ever
get someone will you come and sign it I
saw that this person should just see you
after that sign a second one that's so
scary
alright you can sign it look at that
that is number one number two guys
there's number one and number two
so just come out dinner with mom and dad
for being tremendous make encounter with
hex in the pictures and this road gutted
it over here with some battles a source
of humanity for it has always gone for
the veggie sausages like I did last time
mama daddy here's our ahh thank you so
much we finish off at the restaurant we
come home for desserts we've got some
birthday cake and we've got the cronut
cake look at the inside of the cronut
cake it is ridiculous poppy and Shawn if
you're watching I'm sorry that you're
missing out and tonight no we're not
we're not because they books plans look
at this I've got a little bit of equaled
share can I even tell you how tired I am
just been asleep on the sofa for like an
hour and a half completely accidental
we're watching TV and I just fell asleep
as I'm Way too tired I'm so sorry
I'm Way too tired to go on my phone and
find the notification shout-out today so
I'm just going to guess that the
notification Shalit either goes to like
I'm just going to go for some popular
name is Beth or Lily or Rosa and Louise
this person thank you so much having my
notifications on if you've enjoyed the
video guys give it a thumbs of yourself
aside this vlog at like 7:00 p.m. and
remaining at 11:00
I hope you've enjoyed anyways catch you
tomorrow
got a super important denim going off to
London to meet the CEO of YouTube Susan
just literally a couple of our 7 a
meeting with the CEO of YouTube that's
like the biggest most important person
in the company of YouTube I'm having a
meeting tomorrow to him discuss things
that we would ideally like change from
the website things very great things
that need
things altered is so great to see that
YouTube would give in a handful of
creates there are 12 of us the
opportunity to meet with the highest
person up in YouTube to make some
changes happen and stuff so that's great
I'll catch you catch you tomorrow and
there's loads of fun youtubers going
I'll see that guys
