thank you breakfast that's so good
Tasha breakfast con relation making a
list checking it twice
good morning guys good morning how you
doing we've just finished having
breakfast we've got a difficult task
this morning we've got to somehow
without a box take this home like this
is ridiculous though is it you have to
sit in the passenger seat in our car
holding this cake whilst I Drive home
we've made it a little bit easier the
hotel have given us this board and knife
and we're going to we're going to give
the hotel wait if you hug that board
we're going to give the hotel the staff
here big chunk of cake about that if not
bigger
you think whole bottom the only thing
though if we do this yeah the weight is
going to be so shifting forward in the
car
hang on the I just like that yes do you
think well we're not going to need more
than that now look at how big the bucket
bro I'm going well go wait wait wait use
your hands
how am I supposed to catch it oh my gosh
this is a messy job okay so that there
that's their cake right and now we've
got to something take this one so I'm
just dropping that cake downstairs but
whilst he's gone can we just have a chat
and talk about how bloomin successful
yesterday was there's such a lovely day
with friends with family the only person
we didn't get to see was my dad did they
like the cake yeah yeah they're okay
right I was showing them the other start
photos and then I don't mind who does
what but we need one person to be the
eyes one person to carry out is it all
good okay
right I'll do if I go up there is it
what a night it's quite unbalanced they
said yeah because we're taking over the
back out oh my gosh
have you left anything in the road no
all checked out now that I got it you
know don't make it fast guys the drop is
so neat mellow
here we go on the gaff we'll be careful
with the top bet it's obviously there's
nothing on this side you got it
whoa I'll give you shot forward now
it'll go right please do
but anything the car oh yeah that's
right so take that car I'd let you go 11
miles per hour
no he hasn't met me yet he was right
thank you please you guys keep still
later guys yeah good luck time be
careful on the road we say no she can't
open the door do you know which cars
yours outside time be on Friday check
your right wing mirror yeah take your
right wing I'm driving home if you don't
know time drove here with Joe and if he
don't know Tom's driving it was her
first time ever on the motorway to get
here so proud of her for driving later
oh dear John no she's already left her
bag Zoe there you go John see you later
good luck on the roads we're currently
watching mean goes hey Bobby's away
obviously asleep like the last hour and
a half
I just got some pasta with you think
it's not accepted double broccoli peas
and w chicken and double pasta and TT
sauce double double everything except in
the peas basically and I ordered a new
ring a couple of weeks ago and then
missed the deliveries and it just got
redeliver now and I've got it on I won't
focus on it let me know even do in the
Cullens I think it's really really cool
anyways just update you on what we're
doing
watching Mean Girls maudey actually not
going to the blog scheduled for tonight
Poppy's gone off to the doctor's because
she's been feeling really ill today and
last night and I'm just going through
old videos real Alfie deyes like I
pulled a funny expression after attack I
leave in and I'm watching through old
videos and then I remembered that I shot
a lookbook there's only an autumn
lookbook year like what even year was
this what they did this go up about 2014
2013 October 30 2013 holy crap oh my god
it's got 2.6 million views it's called
autumn lookbook and I'm just watching
now I filmed it and it's so bad like
it's cute the videos but like if you
think at the time it was sick I thought
it was really good like the colour in
there like the color and that is slow
light is cute is night I mean it's not
like unbelievable but at the time I
remember doing that shot was so good
this is Renzo and I had enough time in
our day to film videos together like all
the time and I used to just like help
Zoe fill my main channel videos and she
would help me fill mine and stuff we
used to self each other's lighting and
camera and stuff ah oh my gosh you look
so young in this how did you kickin I
think you like oh my god this was when
you were like started your copper face
oh you've got a copper ring one and
stuff I swear some people still see you
as this girl here like you like this is
like old school cute little like frilly
collar zoella and now you like a woman
I'm just really young yeah but you were
2013 how would we then that's it oh
my god you know in three years you think
we're going to look back three years
from this look how different so it looks
there you look like a woman now yeah I
feel way better
yeah it doesn't it look way better oh I
J again no I didn't you look better
that's so funny no you were my age in
this video that's mad no that's actually
mad just bit upstairs
I found something mark that I want to
continue to play okay so you can play
along if you want but I don't think
you're going to know as many answers as
Mark no syndra knowledge is it yeah
you're great you're more knowledge or
yeah
Oh jellybean why you think eh and then
we but I guess if you get the color I
will and then you got in Tibet well yes
there I just bought the ins online like
a each years ago and they've just been
sitting in my room and I was just went
for we upstairs nice for them as long as
it there is a problem each flavors yeah
okay so in the close our eyes are gonna
there I have to guess which flavor it is
moment alone is smelling us because it's
absolutely because lexicalized we both
been saying hey this is why I buy jelly
beans
I said that region up Malibu Oh cousin
Balin orange Jack ray
oh you're so cool I know even either of
you heard Ari no orange is orange Oh
snaps all Marcos's
oh my god apps person apps oh my god
which I can never lies oh my god what is
that that is snapped pina colada
no what is that fruit great yes peach
snaps no peach daiquiri no sex on a
peach
nope no no it's martini
no it's kind of quite like a posh sort
of drink peach Bellini yeah I can as bad
run at George rush we've got to be super
quick clamp well then I doubt God ah ah
be done either Pacific
ferry what kind of berry is that Barry
yeah what kind of cherry no I'd sure I
should know more cocktails offended at
me Harry cranberry no he didn't touch my
camera raw spray no this is just good
video the next one be all being very
great red great all breeze will be done
all right yes no you gotta fight without
a love strawberry daddy that did not
taste before we decorate I love
strawberry daiquiri
um lime sorbet okay lemon I'm an otter
I like the cameraman a judge and I get a
meal I know I know I know it wait wait
pretty flawed but I don't really like
Jenny been like jelly beans or whatever
there are too much mmm so our Eiffel
Towers no lime sour lime daiquiri
no lemon fish apples bricks oh that's a
good eye that's a good one mojito
do I know this drink yeah minimal Rita
lime margarita okay now from mobile
score I don't know
oh it's quite hard at it when you get
there wow that's like a baby
Albury mix us like a berry blast well
you have a nice flat raspberry are
usually eaten more you don't feel like
cocktails oh we've done more than anyone
else undergone in it yeah pomegranate
what daiquiri yeah bubbling on into our
pomegranate my guy another name for
something in space pomegranate comment
meteor know you're planning on that stop
no cosmic cosmopolitan no oh girl oh ho
well I don't have that my life--my bar
is good I want to get one now I think
I'm going them cocktail classics was bad
that's good we just popped over to mom
and dad's to come and pick up Nala we
had a good time of your brother we had a
nice time
cuz I had a bath today and he's so soft
Missy hey have you had a fun day did you
go to a coffee shop did you go get a
coffee
look at us look at Nala look how much
knowledge to come home look at it come
on we need to go we need to go home
Missy give up oh good girl I don't have
a clue how it got to half past 11:00
we're back home now and I've just been
watching a ton of YouTube videos
snuggling up with Nala missed us so much
like I don't know if any of you have a
dog or a cat or it's not like any other
pet I suppose like I've had tons of pets
growing up when I was younger and like
fire-bellied toads eyed goldfish I had a
snake I had guinea pigs hamsters
everything I you name it I had that pet
stick insects when I was younger I
literally had every pet but having a dog
I suppose is a little bit similar but
cats are quite independent or my cats
definitely well when I was younger they
just did the right thing obviously they
like let themselves out to the toilet
through the cat flap and the only thing
you really need to do is feed them give
them
and that's about it and play with them
as much as you want to play with it but
having a dog gnarling is always at the
front of my mind like she's I think
about her before I think about anything
else even if I go to open the front door
if you like them if the postman or
postwoman knock on the door then before
I open the door I have to like make sure
that nine is not going to run outside
because she's not the best she gets very
very excited by the front door we still
need to work on training her not to try
and not so I can go outside and greet
the postman or postwoman
or when we leave in the house to make
sure that she's gone to the toilet
before we leave the house or whether she
can come or we can go to a cafe that she
can basically not it was always at the
forefront of my mind whatever I do so
having her stay with my mom and dad last
night and all of yesterday so weird
I just thought let you know that I've
just been spending some quality time
with nyle of this evening and just
cuddle in her and giving you a massage
and stuff like that just been playing
with her I've also been on Twitter
reading a load of your tweets tonight
and just realize that we completely
forgot to upload a new Sims episodes I'm
so sorry like it's not even like we
thought about it and we just didn't do
it legit forgot about it and now it's
four minutes past 11:00 and we haven't
filmed it and Zoey's in bed asleep
upstairs so I'm going to try not Lotus
in this video the same days you're
watching this so check the link down
below hopefully they'll be a nuisance
episode I just want to do the shout out
of today every day on this channel I
shout somebody out and subscribe to my
channel and as my notifications turned
on and comments down below when they've
done so or tweets me or comments on my
Instagram or whatever
so today's shadow goes to Tina Tina and
scorpy underscore H underscore on
Twitter
Tina thank you very much you are the
shadow of today hope you having a lovely
day and my just a my vlog here you know
I'm just watching a Louis Louis the
route documentary called behind bars
which is where he's gone to like a
prison and his intimate mates and
chatting to them about what they're what
they've done and how long they've got
timewise behind bars and he just spoke
to a man and I don't know if it's just
possible in the UK I'm pretty sure this
is American prison
I think his American anyway it could be
like I don't know he asked the guy how
long his sentence was and it's 521 years
then after that 11 life sentences and we
search from a computer how long is a
life sentence for example sentences of
15 years to life or 25 years to life
maybe given okay so let's go let's go
over the middle 20 years 27 20 times 11
that's 220 plus the 511 years is already
gone 731 years in prison no I don't know
that's a weird end to the blog chatting
about how long somebody's got in jail
you've just got to have as much fun and
enjoy every moment and every single day
to the absolute best ability you
possibly can doing more like just simply
I know I say a lot guys but just doing
more of what makes you happy seeing your
friends seeing your family spending time
of your dog spending every second that
you're not working doing something that
you absolutely love so that the work is
worthwhile because the time that you get
off of work is so bloomin fun or even
better than that spend your time working
so hard on things that you love so that
that thing that you love come one day be
your job that's the goal surely that is
like the absolute gold we know to have a
job being be paid to do something that
you absolutely love because then it
doesn't feel there's a quote isn't there
that's like if you have a job that you
love you'll never work a day in your
life some kind of quote like that and I
love that I love that so much anyways
I'm going to end the vlog if you've
enjoyed it
yesterday I give you the challenge like
I'm blown away it gave you a challenging
yesterday's vlog of 50,000 thumbs up I'm
just going to say 45 and then I went
skirt 50,000 last minute the vlog and
it's eight minutes past 11:00 in the
evening that's all about 54,000 thumbs
up 54,000 and it's not even the morning
like this blog has been up like six
hours in this order of 50,000 thumbs up
so that is your challenge today
I'm going to match it we're going to do
exactly the same 50,000 thumbs up good
and below smash the thumbs up button
thank you for the sport and they love
recently on the vlogs and just on social
and everywhere you guys are blowing my
mind I'll catch you tomorrow I'll see
you at 5:00 p.m. tomorrow guys good
night
