hi he's about to come down this is the
first course
oh my god Oh
how'd you feel about being 27 only I'm a
feeling Bastion yeah okay sure how are
ya listen or one of these ones dad Jesus
is always open on the cards to present
this one so it's cool
wait here we go sounds right not far off
number one going in dividing honey but
it's you
I'm bringing money I can't wait tricks
my ball me look it it's out that was
that my day mom's just gone off to a
gardening club that she does and we're
left with both the doggies and poppy and
Shawn it was always just got her Barbie
out and she's impressionable II think
she's decided she's going to cut his
hair to look even more like zoella
anyway yeah oh my god Barbie unpacked it
yeah Bobby's aren't even cheap either we
shouldn't go straighten on the back yeah
you should just straight go for a house
on a little came you did you like this
route around the back little both ends
are going to be slightly oh now you just
got them for eyeliner you move it in
it's been on holiday again yeah where've
you been
isn't it amazing how you doing
the dogs are pretty excited today
look what arrived a minute go for Zoe
from SOG this is all real breakfast veto
actual breakfast this time not just
cakes yeah yeah a lovely presentation
Axl in Starbuck
I'll do that
is it heavy it's so heavy hey guys
you having fun having a fun day your
turn
that's a roly-poly no hands no hands at
this you can do that no hands
it's about an hour later on in the day
just got dressed and done my hair my
teeth my face and everything everyone
downstairs just hang in chillin out
Shawn's playing on the Nintendo switch
okay yeah we're going this year already
yeah okay so I'm going to go as Sarah
from the labyrinth you're going to be
the Goblin King the Goblin King can I
see a picture on an elaborate I don't
remember what we looks like what that's
me yeah that's me and then you will all
say literally no one is going to know
who I am
that's goblin king oh yeah he's cool see
ya those three powerful and you wear
that way you have to wear the window you
have to go all out this is the deal why
not just go something really
recognizable example one I was gonna say
no yeah typical thinking that's me oh my
god it is so hot in your life are you
gonna do that my
or you doing we're just heading out now
we've got Zoe in the front with our cake
we've got Joe and Tonya in this car and
in the other car is Mark poppy and Sean
go on guys they fight down there this is
the hotel worst and tonight's could the
artists residence
Jabar kevie I find my hand
oh okay now hang on gonna come in Sean's
room without mom I want everyone's room
to see what everyone's like I wouldn't
got their time the ghosts are up there
let's have a look
ah this isn't scary I'm so scared look
at that you've got blue a bathtub in
your room yeah that's sick minds like
Newton was your look at the view and I
got my chance get some instagrams
you know Joe's room is on the fourth
floor
so even higher than everyone else's I
didn't even know there's this many
volumes oh my gosh I could visit that's
so cute
I'm not there yes some rooms are
designed by different artists yes it'll
be over there as well Drew's got a
little bathroom in here
oh that's it that's so cool oh my oh my
you know everyone's now in their own
rooms we're all meeting up about ten
minutes to go get some cocktails so I
just want to say a massive shout out to
Sandra's Cakery for making this insane
cake for Zoey so if you've been watching
the vlogs you will know that Sandra has
made Sean's birthday cake and it was
incredible and when it was coming up a
couple of weeks ago today's it heavy
so Zoey's birthday I got an email from
them and they said do you want help or
some help to us to make sure that the
cake and also of course I do you guys
killed Sean's cake it's amazing so I am
told them so his favorite colors what
really what she's into and then I just
trusted them and they're just free sold
this massive like zoella
looking unicorn but like guys it's
literally as long as my arm like I can't
even tell you how big that cake is it is
insane and we've also got this cake here
from Dum Dums that Zoe was pediment on
bringing to the hotel and I couldn't say
no I didn't say no because I knew this
was going to be here so I really want to
cut into it
how'd you rate your birthday so far like
20 out of 10
yeah good times about to knock on the
door any second
I like I've shown you guys our bathroom
I love the cute little hexagons as well
I love this mirror look at this push it
hopefully not that I they've locked
there maybe I'll open later there's a
cute little bar in there they must be
locked I look like an idiot now like
mark trust me it is a bar in there you
like Nami that's just a it's a book cake
you're just going to get some cocktails
with the guys these guys yeah that one's
cool
yeah I feel like the first time around
bright I feel like I'm the tourist in my
own City as well I believed in since I
was like 4 here yeah I know it burnt
down twice
why yeah twice it go back down I believe
where I'm finished up a couple of drinks
I thought I was as well hello mate how
you doing mod me boy ever yes Courtney
is the house bird or I'm coming to a
place called the new club for dinner
tonight
slits around the corner from overstaying
Joey you ready
Joe's going to start off just go time
you start the singing no he got it
before even the main office our food
hasn't even arrived we combat games
every now why don't we see some amazing
like amazing or equal no my college
that was a very hard everyone's got
their dinner I've got chicken veg and
sweet potato fries for though I'm kind
of jealous of this macaroni cheese
here we go mark come on go go go if
anyone was going to cool down that a
hundred percent would have been Marty
and he dead-ball got down I just asked
him what those two lights are out there
she thought what they were houses she
thought there might have been an island
out there it's not France France isn't
that close time you could just swim over
there to Ron just get a kayak
I'm tired we need to get back to showing
us more cocktails less you can get the
closest no Marge don't do it you have
anyone is gonna fall over please don't
do this
go again Margot no don't do it
Martin how close to the water he can get
oh yeah there we go
I can't blow them out so we just watch
them yeah Oh doctor scream good
I mind him just came out with a knife
oh no no I have a cat oh okay she put it
down we'll just chill in having a couple
of cocktails very dark so I'm actually
filmed you about Mondays not too bad
actually
so I have no idea what's happening yeah
it was a very 27 she said one mocktail
non-alcoholic as she's going for our
head shoulders knees and toes
honestly guys I apologize in a sign I
apologize for my girlfriend's actions
it's no longer your birthday oh thank
you everybody for coming to my birthday
I love you a lot Anton you're a puppy
but I don't care right now
Tana Bavarian bed congratulations on
your birthday yeah filming a guessing
game
they say hello please angry confused
meerkat boxing can grow Joe sighs pissed
I read a kangaroo sorry stolen TV all
right
sorry kick
oh my god Oh God yeah somebody came up
to us in the bar earlier and said that
he's just quit his job to date like two
weeks ago and started two days ago after
three key boards and he died like in two
days ago with his wife this is one for
their full-time jobs they've got a new
game called randomized this is it here
he literally gave it to us like an hour
ago when we're done in the bar you saw
yes we were playing a game
we're basically Zoey in like Mark or
playing a game and all of us where one
of them somebody would tell somebody
else how to act and what to say so I
would say Tonya break up with somebody
in an overexcited way so I really really
clash and completely randomly a guy came
up to us in the bombs I've just seen you
snapchat Instagram you guys that you're
here and I thought I wanted to come to
the bar anyway with my friend and me and
my wife have recently launched a game
and it's on Amazon and everything and
it's called randomized this is it yeah
this is not sponsored guys and literally
it says draw act or describe your way to
victory and it basically gives you like
an animal and activity where an
expression so that's what drove was a
nervous kangaroo throwing dart like
complete by John's we were basically
playing a game we're basically playing a
game that this guy came up to us and
gave to us like it's a proper card game
like you can buy it online
you've given us fun just do this evening
okay okay this is ABC yeah so it's like
an animal and activity and then a an
emotion I'm guessing shooting a blind
man shooting all our life
look stop in down soldier yeah yeah so
what was that a blind soldier facing the
dark ah yeah just go into bed as I was
getting changed over the other side of
the room just when my phone looking for
today's notification shout out and like
I said to you in yesterday's vlog I'm
going to start naming people again to
today shadow goes to Amber Price Twitter
thank you so much having my
notifications turned on did you enjoy
your day yeah lots of good surprises
your present the cake
friends family snapchat filter we had
our own customs snapchat filter yep
beach walk good food good drinks it's so
much fun so much fun guys if you've
enjoyed the vlog give it a big ol thumbs
up let's see how many we can possibly
let's try and get the day before
yesterday your challenge was 35,000 and
you smashed it we've got at 40,000 so
today's challenge we're just going to go
big we're going to do that 45,000 and
screw it
50,000 let's go 15,000 more than two
days ago 50,000 thumbs up that is your
challenge today subscribe if you know
already termin√≥ difficut zon let me
know you've done in the comments and
i'll catch you tomorrow catch you in the
morning
okay
