good morning guys good morning and
welcome to sunny Brighton it is
ridiculous here at the moment the
weather is unbelievable and wearing
shorts it's the very very first day of
worn shorts this year and I'm excited
about them feeling good today is the pre
big day big day meaning that is Zoey's
birthday tomorrow so I've got today to
make sure that I've got everything
sorted for Zoey's birthday got to make
sure that it goes perfect tomorrow runs
all smoothly we've got a couple of
different things planned some that Zoe
knows about some of Zoe have no idea
about but today's the day that we need
to get them all finalized and sorted and
I'm excited I'm really really excited
Zoe thinks on food shopping in Waitrose
trying to buy myself some sushi but
little does she know that I'm actually
in town completely forgot about wrapping
paper I've got all of our presents
sorted I can tell you guys what I've
actually got planned because this video
is going up at five pm on her birthday
so everything will already be done so
tonight poppy and Shona staying over and
then tomorrow we're gonna have a big
breakfast the rooms going to be all
decorated balloons and everything like
we always do we go in on birthdays
Mark's coming over mum and dad are
coming over Tanya's coming over Joe is
coming over we're all heading to a hotel
in Brighton to save for the evening I
think we're going to head there like
three or four five pm I've arranged for
an incredible birthday cake sorry buddy
an incredible birthday kit to be made
and delivered to the hotel waiting in
our room and we've got like I went to
visit the room yesterday the most
beautiful room ever like you're not even
ready and then on top of that I've also
arranged for a snapchat filter to be
made at the hotel for 24 hours so we're
going to have our own like happy
birthday Zoe and I designed it all with
the team
insane especially going to be full of my
friends family good food staying
overnight presents snapchat filter I
just need to get a wrapping paper I'm a
card I haven't got a card and it also
haven't got backing paper the kind of
did that thing worth forget that some
cafes do double shots instead of single
shot coffees caffeine affects me so so
much
hello hello are you doing right I just
thought I got your vote you last week in
my car vlogging yeah I've just bought
balloons
Bunton wrapping paper the card and extra
birthday present and a loaf of bread
well have you got billy graham backhouse
yep I've got gas canister they didn't
sell them
okay
a bit poppy up on the way to wait throws
to get our list we've got a shopping
list of things to buy for breakfast that
is a lot of tomatoes things to buy for
breakfast tomorrow morning and whilst
we're in ah whilst we were in the car
Zoey run poppy and she doesn't know that
I'm with me
therefore this Zoey run poppy just chat
see what they're up to and they will let
you on the phone for like 15 minutes but
we couldn't hang up and say that she was
with me because then Zoe would know that
I haven't just been to wait throws miss
it's all confused and I've just had a
text from Zoe Sam why have you been in
wait rose for nearly three hours so she
yeah she's got an inkling that I haven't
just been at Waitrose
oh yes you wanted pineapple and mango
and raspberries
I do love a coconut let's get that for
myself wait I can't be shopping for
myself this is all that Zoey obvious and
the juice is this one literally looks
like frog spawn but it is so right
what who are they for 12 British
free-range organic eggs free-range and
organic as I'm talking about loyalists
let's check that they're all good
yep those just rang poppy again
survivors ethical attending that she's
that she's not with me two more things
on the list one is one is white and one
is spinach
right I bet guys that I will detective
checks out see which things like you
know even if you fellas a
yes
cause you think I'm out by their present
now I'm facilitated I got anything to
lose anything
yes as I sell people it over to the left
have wonderful today wait because I'm
only going to fight really we have it
half a half and done over yeah I've got
the ginger one you really I think this
is where really chin but that's got
caffeine in it I've already added double
shop also and wow these are really nice
ones they take expertise compared to a
quality to oh that's a medium plates
amazing why try that you know I mean I
like that one there's a little bit of
like pond water yeah we had this before
you're gonna it's going to blow your
mind where we right where's the bit you
just dropped you need that bear have you
dropped it
now if you have that immediate need
let's open the drink so like that like
that now push it with your finger and
watch the ball drop in you need it with
your palm go push push go here I go take
a that now the ball was gone in the ball
the gospel that was trapping in the top
to keep it closed then I say no you
drink it yeah just let shooting in there
oh it's not a flavor no that's a glass
ball that sits in the top
this is court isn't that though it
currently thinks that I'm by myself
shopping in Waitrose for three hours and
poppy is separately by herself with Sean
without me and we haven't spoken to each
other and I'm most thankful you have
with Zoe whilst via with me and Zoe
still doesn't realize that we're
together just to make it a little bit
more fun I was going to head home now
but we're thinking that I just got back
to Bobby and Jordans for no particular
reason like it's only 5:00 p.m. eNOS
5:36 my blogs were alive just to keep
Zoe more confused about what's going on
I just stay out the house for a little
bit longer and just keep on technically
keep on texting I'm calling a sentiment
Waitrose yeah but whatever you're doing
around me trying to get some helium
canisters to blow up the balloons with
if you've seen Zoe's new video you all
know that she is obsessed with Barbies
all of a sudden I don't know why she
spent two hours this morning on eBay
he said 2000s morning on eBay looking at
old-school Barbies from the 90s and from
the 80 she doesn't really like the new
one but I think just as a joke we should
buy her one of the new Barbies this is
like the outfit Zoe is wearing two days
ago pink t-shirt with dungarees DIY
Barbie that is the one this is the one
we're buying just wanted to check you
luck when you come now so let me sum
that look at my new phone background
right we've just got sushi I need ring
Zoe in a second
and pretend that I'm still in waitress
so Zoe thinks you're on that I've been a
waitress for three and a half hours I'm
really up into town and then I'm going
to wait throws I've been to Toys R Us
I've been everywhere
hello are are you going oh sorry
and I'm just in which is just getting
the yogurt you wrote down some specific
one is it the one with the blue the blue
around the outside is now
and it's yeah the short round one with a
blue around the outside and full fat it
will come straight out does everything
on close-up Zoe and we are in a tiny
little tub rock up the drinks maybe some
lights to it as well I bought you a
couple of presents from the little bird
box
Oh long-tailed tip and a little owl
thank you so much oh my gosh look
incredible so this place here where we
are specialized it sausage collage yeah
thank you
cool I'm going poop oh I don't actually
have a pair box that sometimes companies
send things to Zoe's beer box with my
name on it
and this arrives today in the post
without be written on that which is from
Zoe's peer box so everything with my
name on so let's see let's do up in
sense someone's book The Impossible
Fortress Jason kulluk and then of what
it is but thank you very much whoever
sent me this David Beckham trust your
instinct Oh perfume I think I smelt this
in the office the other day someone was
spraying it actually smells really good
what they actually addictive I was
expecting it not to smell good I like me
Mary berry is that in your peer box you
sure that she you literally watch
everyday they wrote me a little letter
saying we know that you enjoy the show
lastly something that I've wanted to buy
myself ever since I heard about it I was
about to buy myself one and then I got
told that I was being sent one and not
to buy myself one the new Nintendo
switch just on and Zelda charging
station and actual Nintendo itself
genuinely so excited to play there but
this looks like such a savage consoles
playing on Evans the other day at the
greatest or photo shoot you bought it
with him and it was sick it looks so
good
so Nintendo if you're watching I love
you guys look at that looks so good I
love the little remote so that you can
play two player or you can attach it to
the screen to play one big player
oh I'm sorry I'm sorry Nintendo we're
still unboxing it all Sean open up there
just dance just then pull up the little
game cartridge and give it a lip no go
on
I want to lick your game go and do it
trust me oh he asking you huh wouldn't
be asking you making your game just lick
it
why just do it trust me on it yeah why
have you found it disgusting look at me
yeah how many of you hurt one of these
little games in this disgusted sigh
those next when you paint your nails
either by that's exactly what it is
they've done it the kids don't swallow
the cartridges that's exactly why I saw
an article online yeah so the kids don't
chew them it puts them off a Zelda game
open up lick the game cartridge so I
take it out on liquor person yeah go on
destroy it take it out take it out and
again God is you toxic to my donut is it
bad I've enjoyed it yet it's like that
nail stuff that you have on your nails
yeah I finally just had all of ya I was
playing sounder for about 45 minutes
completely forgot to record anything so
he's just going to bed his hot pasta
linen will be not her sleep on the sofa
and he shown annoying we're about to
start decorating
top secret as his birthday tomorrow
going off now she won't send up a couple
of these funky things oh so did he just
got called by sorry because we haven't
talked today with that great in she just
brought down the stairs she got the
windows at night she doesn't know a
decorating show unwrapping presents your
copy just like a put in same thing
promised this evening which is all my
laptop so local all decorate this is
such a good purchase
I bought this earlier don't actually
know it looks like you Eddie
another one over there
this is good
I did he go into doing the balloons this
these two balloons safety not 72 bloody
out 27 got to time these yeah when I
messed up on now
yeah what'll Estes or not okay I'm not
there your thumb so he's officially 27
27 years old
call the players on the si Lang helping
some of the ball a present we started to
lay the table loads of presents foods in
the fridge in the kinks and the awesomes
and everything you got on the table
tomorrow morning otherwise they'll go
off everyone else has gone to bed right
so is perfectly not ever written in here
so I'm gonna invoke now guys you excited
for tomorrow's video Zoey's birthday
give me a thumbs up to let me know super
super exciting we've got some - upon
notification shout out this blog I've
been reading your comments and the dog
comments this Milly I take it what
you're saying when you start saying
people's names again pretty optimally so
thank you so much to my vlogs if you're
not already subscribed I'd have liked it
doesn't score button and I'll see you in
the morning Zoey's birthday
okay
