oh good morning guys good morning when a
big big rush today I woke up the clocks
have gone forward which is amazing
because it means that we get an extra
hour
wait that's on forward have an a it
means we get an extra hour of light in
the evenings which is so much better so
much better
I've got to leave at 11:15 to pick up my
mom and poppy for Mother's Day they
probably let them fit one minute and I
hover at mom's cars and Hunter wrapped a
present that I bought her so I need to
do that now but one minute jeez I can't
be late on Mother's Day guys literally
beds in the vogel morning rushing to get
everything ready but we put an amazing
lunch in one of our favorite spots in
Brighton some super super excited it's
going to be it's going to be lovely it's
just me poppy and mum which maybe with
some of you because some of my friends
and family supper be like why Sean and
Zoe and dad not going and I was like no
no one else was invited this is this is
Mother's Day this is me poppy and mum
stop it
yeah yeah well hang out later we'll go
over to Mum and dad's later tonight and
we're going to play like loads of ball
games and stuff but just for lunch we
just wanted that just the kids and the
mum and Sean hanging out of his mum
Zoe his mom is that plays your mum still
in Rome at the end of the card instead
of writing Alfie I put your favorite
child bracket golden boy and you'll
you'll know what that reference is if
you if you've got the scrapbook of my
life my book then you'll know what I
mean by golden boy
don't rapmon prison sighs lovely just
wrapping paper it's beautiful though
it's just received a card from Nala is
this for mummy
Oh
the different lines get my hand out
who's givin mom her first present which
we pretended was from poppy and I it's
just one in a big white box here
our actual presence is separate but it's
not actually from Isis Clarence the
company said can we send your mom a
present for Mother's Day look at the
cookie I didn't know they're done man
there's so many times but no secateurs
cookie from businesses oh really yeah
thank you very much Clarence for sending
this gift to Mum much of it nobody
bought you a knee in that mate how you
doing how you doing
am I allowed to be in the roof I'm not
coming so soon no you have to leave now
you're not invited as we've just arrived
we kind of ordered one of everything on
the menu here's four out of the seven
items so far more just sharing take
whatever I hope you different relation
yeah of his list has already started
yeah what is it
hanging with what pancakes with has
anything known and then even over that
is under constant hammer kata
we're now heading off to go see my
grandma but his mother's day of hope
obviously it being obviously it being
Mother's Day my dad's mom oh when you're
dripping the flowers all in the car to
report her report I can get his wife
some flowers
apparently she loves oranges she bought
some oranges we brought her some cookies
worse when we got her high a bottle of
wine dad dad's obviously got her card
and present stuff like that as well
we're heading off heading off to go see
my grandma I told you about my grandma
didn't like that she broke her arm so
she's currently in like a place where
they're looking after her because they
don't want it to fall again she's
getting better their association go home
again yeah this really lovely day so far
it's been really really nice mum loved
her lunch love to present that's hanging
out with us that was throughout with
floods with mum that just spent the
entire time baking a cake which isn't
something that dad normally does is that
the one yeah he was that upset with
missing out with lunch it wasn't really
upset because he didn't come for lunch
well so what do I do
just me and bass who took bus for a walk
and then he ended up baking a cake yeah
right head up getting the governor done
if I'm going to film there might do
might not that was the first time I've
seen like this place where she's staying
at the moment and it's actually really
really nice all the members of staff are
so lovely that everybody we met was like
my age which is lovely
that's so so kind and she's got super
nice room just whole place lovely really
big big boobs everyone's very nice today
seems really really good and now Zoey
and I just working on the new Sims
episode books for uploading
double this weekend we're uploading
today and we uploaded yesterday so we're
just working on the thumbnails I was
just trying to download an image for it
now and then I think we're going to go
out take this little one on a walk oh
she thinks were going now we're going to
go in like 10 minutes not just yet in a
minute
going for a family walked in the excited
to your walk
no driving into the countryside sitting
Allah for a walk who remembers these
polos I bought them early on at the
petrol station that's going to show them
the packet spearmint spearmint polos
companies when I was younger yeah and
that's so good there's so much cueing
you don't see me then they didn't pay
now polo that's so much better given him
given him
let's go so uh are you ready three two
one
run what now let's decide into to not
play and instead she decided to eat
rabbit poof stop eating that let me take
your lead off you got some treats now
now she's going to want to be my best
friend where are you shit backflip
backflip Oh imagine if you did a
backflip are you doing here I'm just
here to upload a vlog Geordie up Drake
it all crazy dog is such a your legend
my friend chase did you know say she
claims that he comes up with all my
great video ideas he has this theory
that any good video of mine basically it
was his idea to do the overnight video
in the trampoline park and and he came
he came we did that as well with me and
Sean but since that video got like five
five or six million because he claims
that every time I do a good video he
told me about this video and he's told
me to react to it in a vlog so check if
you're watching this just for you come
and watch this story on a film with more
reactions this is the most unsatisfying
video but you know those videos that
really
already she chose to do this someone
else it makes me feel fake already I
haven't watched it down below yo this is
why they here I know my name is Royce of
sword out evil oh my god ah just getting
gone nine no I can't watch this thank
God he did not going to waste into paper
I would love to make a video like nearly
fainted I hate when that happened I said
that well the other dice rolls on
oh yeah like I really don't like that
makes you want to pick up and throw it I
know it's coming
ah this actually how i customized it
just makes me hate yeah that one is
horrible man these guys not what is
horrible just really bothers man my God
my God all these penises Oh
like just straight-up weird what the
heck is up how would you do that I think
that's what it no oh oh no I want to
make a video like that makes me a little
bit angry oh no this is gonna this is
like her thing you know I think it's a
lot of these things are creative yeah no
oh ah really taken immediate struggling
told ya well that that was the most
unsatisfying video incision thanks Jay
thanks Jay more feeling really good now
yeah so I feel great I do want to eat
cake better I really I really want a
cake oh my gosh it smells good in here
let me see where you can see them yeah
we're having a voice in his head and
probably is made from scratch your chip
against the barrier with that noise it
oh don't even start on that
Joe showed us this video of this woman
oh thanks guy
interesting shape they actually look
delicious I'm really proud of them they
look really good
no no no hello how he perform yes that
could be done second dessert thank you
ah you know in a glass flips up the
wrong way in the dishwasher so
accidentally fills up nice right how
much should drink how much really
actually have to get paid Kenna on oh my
god that makes you so ill I can't
believe you're making this a half past
10:00 at night this is the leaf litter
or the last two days has been pretty
crazy for so Ella last night
Zoey left a dozen I'm going to start
calling you Joanna from now one day last
night so Ellis leader until 3:00 a.m.
3:00 a.m. watching was it called the re3
interview the remastered the reverie the
Rihanna the replacement those showed up
not some story I mean zoella zoella
stayed up last night
until 3:00 a.m. watching the replacement
order the replacement back-to-back in a
row wait you've just used this entire
chocolate bar now how much you planning
on eating if I don't want to eat any
don't persuade me to eat any because I
really don't want to I wanna know that
you're making those extra which is going
to make me wanna eat some and I want to
start getting back into the GMT and
healthy but if you're making chocolate
Ness I can't do that right I'm not going
to eat any I told myself not eating any
of that not at all
I'll get it in the blog down here guys
got to bed get ready brush my teeth wash
my face
that's one thing I don't actually do
enough do you guys do that every single
night feel like they're meant to do that
every single night wash your place and
normally just wash my face in the shower
with water but very very only to
exfoliate and cleanse and do all that I
don't even know what any of it is
exfoliating it's kind of what sound is
NetWare like scratches your face off the
notification shower of today if you
would like a shout out in one of these
blogs every single dare shut somebody
out who is subscribe to this YouTube
channel all you have to do is go down
below and subscribe and click the little
Bell button turn my notifications on and
that's about it
if you're feeling nice leave a like on
the video I used to challenge you guys
in blogs see how many likes you could
get but I haven't done that in so long I
don't remember the last time so today's
challenge in this vlog is 35,000 thumbs
up go down below click the thumbs up
button let's see how many we can
possibly get ha nul has come to an
England sleep and then and yet today's
shout-out goes to this person thank you
so much fab my notifications turned on
and I'll catch you in the morning see
you tomorrow
can I guess goodbye
and me
