how am I meant to get up in the morning
when nada is this cute the calf blobby
she is hello would you on no we're just
getting dressed by I mean I'm definitely
getting dressed are nice but I've got my
eyes closed come in and show me let me
feel my reaction though it she told me
four genes are too much and you laughed
at me and you laughed at me these are
from Primark but I think they might be a
bit much you've got less material than
material my video let me see a bit much
yeah
let me see it's so high yeah no I like
it I really like it
Michelle where's one side on Australia
doesn't she I mean I think like no I
think we're it today we're not going out
for long I feel like exposed good
morning guys good morning I'm finding it
really hard to get out of bed today
it's Saturday it's lovely weather we're
meeting probably in Sean for breakfast
knowledge being really like there are so
many reasons why I should be getting our
bed and I should be getting up but I
just can't do that I can't
time for a weather check let's have that
hot Oh offenseless fixed we have a
gardener come over and mow the lawn
every now and again and he must fix the
fence for us completely blue sky that is
what I'm talking about
really nice because I've been away
snowboarding I mean I did only guys no
way for four days but yeah whenever I'm
driving by myself when Zoey's not in the
car I have very very loud music on today
Zoey said that I can drive the car
exactly how I would if it was just me in
the car if I wasn't here yeah yeah what
if I ever said don't listen to loud
music though now you just pretend to
like it we don't need to hear about a
next man how many get ready get it from
the hall and it already is always
changing the music to 500 days of summer
this is one song well yeah I got off of
our road yet this is the road we live on
and so he's already changing the music
yeah we've had the transverse journey my
god so visit here he boarded a party for
the two extra meals for the table
Washington what who either me
response of salmon waffles with calamari
I've gone for this coffee a single shot
coffee thank you so much with honey
Zoe's gone for the breakfast board some
extra one in the middle the breakfast
the salmon and then we've also got a
chicken salad come in as well
your Zoey can move one eye a type I
can't do this can you do that watch
sorry pop I gotta get home finishing
time film the new slimmers episode but
will we get home we're just having a
nice little stop off at the beach by the
pier to go get pictures and just ah let
us trade in the eyeball ow
and to just enjoy the Sun before I
throat whenever we need to film Sims
it's always the most lovely day and
therefore we don't get to enjoy the Sun
because I'm inside just filming and
editing
how my eyes and the beach isn't actually
that busy look at it it's barely empty
for Brighton Sean's dress the summer
look at him he's loving it is good
ankles you guys all have your ankles out
I haven't got one out today it is
basically summer Papi's feeling really
spontaneous and wants to go on a ride
that she wouldn't usually go on so I
think so I think she's going to go on a
rollercoaster by herself
there you are but why don't you go on
the big one at the end you know that
spins around like it's got a 2p machine
or grabbing machine can we actually do
that huh yeah I'll win one of these so
we each got 5 pounds 5 1 Apple Izzie and
we've seen by the end of you haven't
whenever we spend our money who can have
the best toy with the 500 spend how much
have you got left
have you won anything have you spent any
of your money we spent any of your money
at buy town Sean what's the plan like
these kind of like shooting us but then
you don't win any toys
cuz I've got 4 pounds left I'm sorry
have you got anything for power ikx
aisle how do you want any day do you
want anything
without that
come on Shawn two more guys
the last guy
how much money of you I left I said a
five-run that I can have a go
I can ride again
I got it time to the next update how
much money you got on - six pounds
nothing hot yeah yeah you can't be
Martin - papi how much money have you
got
I'm sorry well your innocence yourself
yes that's a lie
you had money to begin with sorry how
much money you are my meatballs oh yeah
I've only got one pound left this is my
game that's the one that I'm savage at
I'm so good at that one yes I think I
think I came not oh yes you're though
he's also donut in I bought that from
New York do you think it's over there on
the floor it might be conceived is over
here on the floor somewhere
no this is what Nala does it Zoey
ignores her we just got home now though
he hasn't said hello yet where are you
trying to hide I'm not silly Zoey Zoey
daddy also does this all the time I
don't get it like it's not even for the
camera I have broad cameras over there
she just decides to hide anyways guys
we've been home for a couple of hours
now don't you remember when I last
blogged do you not know where she is
oh I had the floor upstairs where are
you what are you doing yeah but then you
decide to not answer and then you go
quiet and then you try and scare me
we've been home for a couple of hours
I've edited and uploaded the vlog all
goods of course it's Saturday which
means a new Sims episode and especially
in new Sims episode more than ever
because we missed Wednesday's episode so
tonight the aim we're going to try and
film minimum of two videos for you
because we owe you two videos and also
nobody ever let Wednesday video next up
they we're going to try to get a little
bit in advance so that we're not always
filming them on the day which tends to
be what is happening at the moment which
sucks because that means with such a
rush and then they got Bleacher in the
evenings than what we want - every
single Wednesday and every single
Saturday there will be a brand new Sims
4 that the episode what am i speaking
like this I think any time on Wednesday
probably around between and Saturday
between four o'clock and eight o'clock
kind of time in the evenings either
before or after my vlog yeah just went
evenings Saturday evenings there will be
a new south east in this video what
taking pilot motion
I was going to stir-fries we can do ever
we've got no food in the fridge I kind
of just accidentally like Neji
accidentally ate a fruit which is a
yogurt that is a week out of date and
the last time to remember in my vlogs
eight years ago at a milkshake that was
three weeks a day and I've never been
that in my life like it was horrendous I
just I take day like four or five days
off on vlog in so I'm really hoping that
my stomach can handle the the yogurt
that I just ate there was a week out of
date I mean it tasted fine so I think is
I think it's going to be all good
anyways I need to quickly go for a week
and then we're gets it that's why I'm
upstairs like walking around the
circle's outside the toilet and then
where I'm going to come News options
episode hopefully two episodes then I've
doing that chill for a bit hang out
there maybe another two episodes tonight
but for Mother's Day tomorrow which I am
so excited for so so excited so we
finished up filming cinemas we filmed
two super fun episodes one went up last
night to you which is today for me it's
just saving and rendering and doing all
that stuff now and then the other
episode is going up tomorrow for me
which is the day your what the day this
video is going up so by the time you're
watching this there is probably two new
Sims
episodes for you to brand-new episodes
to make sure you go check them out I'll
leave a link I'll leave a link down
below to both of them just jumped in the
car you get everything I will cook it
and I'm off to Tesco to go and buy Zoey
watched any petrol as well very good
thinking Elsie I want to cook some food
tonight I want to cook some delicious
food so that is what I'm that's what I'm
doing
great 1/2 e kind of ended up leaving my
vlog camera in the car so I didn't film
in the shop at all I just brought you
guys out and then now we're just going
back you all that car needs to slow down
and set him up our speed limit by no
rates in just what just bought so much
food so what does it for tonight's and I
just I also bought part from the bottles
which is my favorite tonic water the gin
and tonics I think it's this one always
get always get confused between that one
and the blue one and I never know which
is the one that I prefer and then I with
it yeah I don't know I also love red
wine I don't if you guys know that or
not since I went to this winery in Italy
back with all the boys there's like
toilet Roy Cohn Lou me me Joe
I feel like Casper's there Marcus there
was tons of us there Jim probably and
ever since I visited that wine I may
have loved loved loved red wine but it's
just my drink that's what I drink now
red wine and gin and tonics but the very
doesn't drink at all which means that I
don't ever really want to open a bottle
of red wine to myself because I've never
ever drink that much I would literally
have like a glass in the evenings
occasionally maybe like once every
couple of weeks or something but I just
saw these and I don't really know too
much about wine so Malbec I like Malbec
and it seems like a good middle like a
little portion so although that's really
good the only negative is that the
petrol station petrol bit is all closed
off because apparently they've got a
massive tanker coming in a minute to
fill up the petrol station with petrol
so nobody can fill up the closet petrol
right now which is a little bit annoying
because I've got nine eight percent
petrol left in this car apparently
apparently then got eight percent left
the team working at this evening I've
got a glass of red wine poured it all
out we've got everything going in at a
certain time slide in and see what a
chicken pie in that oven going in in a
minute
we've got tons of vegetables going in
this pan but obviously we're not going
on because in say five or six minutes
chicken projects longer we've got more
vegetables going in that oven I want to
say we've got my chicken because I'm not
going up chicken parmesan chicken
breasts which Tesco man if any testicle
people are watching I couldn't find any
free-range chicken in your entire Tesco
this is organic working with nature but
there was no free-range at all I'm going
to what organic I'll fill it organic and
I might not be educated enough so let me
know in the comments down below
after that Organic isn't as good as
free-range I feel like I need a
free-range and organic at the same time
British chicken organic no no free-range
the entire place I'm not going ticking a
weird by passionate farmers and I'll
send an organic diet that doesn't mean
anything organic diets have been kept in
a little rubbish cage so good quality
food driving a good quality food so
Tesco if you're watching please stock
some better quality better looked after
chickens I want I want to see mm-hmm no
I'm sure they do
no no fact I know they do because
everyone stops it in the math and stores
but I still like in this day and age we
can't be eating chickens that are just
kept in little cages anymore or even if
some people do want to do that there
should be the option you should little s
have the option and unfortunately
tonight maybe I should have bought
something else and I shouldn't I
shouldn't have bought that but I wanted
some chicken breasts and they didn't
have any other option so and for the
best I could get organic but organic is
not free-range I put my shoes back on
because I said to not only I take her
out of the walk this evening she has
been pestering me ever since like she is
literally like she knows that I told her
early on will gun on the walk we're
going to go on a walk haha and you
remember don't you
she was on a walk cameramen let's go
let's get your lead on come on em jump
up good girl sit down
my chickens all cooking up got some
vegetables cooking out chicken pie over
there as those got mash vegetables got
even more vegetables cooking up as well
actually Sims is still uploading it's
got seven minutes left I got a little
bit carried away with the amount of
vegetables I went forth tonight
I've got like 70% veg and 30% chicken
but I mean I'm happy it looks amazing as
your dinner
yeah nice cold glass of water lots of
ice you cannot be a drink with ice what
have you done no no no that Zoey got way
too excited because Harry Stars peril is
just really like a trailer like a
trailer or something for his new single
or new album or something has just been
released and Zoey got so excited she
kicked over a glass of water it turns
out Howie is just done like an Adele
just released like a TV advert during or
after the voice of like a 30-second
Harry Styles April 7 that's it so we
know is that on April the 7th single an
EP and album is coming and also on top
of that 1d related leaves just had his
baby today always on the 22nd ok
announced it today
it's how the evenings gone it's usually
mean it's safe under blanket
and it's currently currently Teufel Kiku
in the morning and Alfie is sleep and I
am awake Oh
Commerce
