good morning guys hope you're having a
lovely day Sarah and I are just in town
we went for lunch together earlier on
and then we've just been shopping for
Zoey's birthday a little bit Mother's
Day a little bit camera shopping more
than a little bit and then just taking
pictures and stuff she led astray
just taking some pitch and stuff on the
beach I haven't filmed too much
partly because I've just been lazy and
partly because I don't want to leak any
presents but I brought people so
obviously I can't show you any bags I've
hidden all my bags of in my bag
I haven't filmed in certain shots or of
what presents from because I don't want
to give things away but it's been good
it's just at any minute you can see mix
the sun's behind us just been relaxed
the other nice day now had a great good
marshmallows is being in the studio yes
arrows meant to be in a song writing a
songwriting session today so they go
count the last minute she's just driven
to Brighton which is hanging out doing
the rhythm call me out
oh I'm just sorting out my film I've
been taking into the last good age and
the new little camera yeah see I was
looking for new camera again good
because basically the reason why I want
something like this is because partly
like you know taking in my talent in and
out my bag I just want something I can
really like in the best car market is
Shu Shu shus Sarah's getting three new
cameras today I have a real problem with
cameras and film cameras I love how like
really ugly is it's kind of like silver
do it slide across
yeah yeah right so I just push it then
little glass plug my way sold
I've never seen a shot like this before
the duck house they just sell ducks that
I see I think Mike Allen one of these no
way I've never seen a shot in my life so
particular to one item
honey oh there any just open Wow
fair enough I'm very lucky yeah
people love the box around here look
like this boss lomilomi before you guys
need help that's the best bit just got
into the car and I'm about to drive home
the time is 5:30 in the evening I've had
such lovely day just chilling hanging
out with Sarah catching up taking
pictures on my little film camera one of
the aims today was to go into town and
hand in my films and then I realized
that I I was like ten pictures short on
this one so I thought let's go take some
pictures Sarah bought three new cameras
as you saw and we're able to picture
mister going lately for watching the
shop which close and I kind of kinda
didn't hand in the film's so I need so I
still need to actually do that I've just
brought Zoe some flowers although they
haven't like what's the word blossoms
that's the one they haven't balsam yet
they're still like in the the thing you
can tell I know about flowers also got
some eggs because apparently they almost
make a banana cake
I've got Zoe cool birthday present today
I can really cool one Sarah helped me
take it today it's just been a good day
it's really really really good day also
bought this jumper today if you know
this brand antisocial social club right
let says home we've got buzzy boy home
there I think I think might be mama
sticking up at 6 o'clock so he may or
may not be home before mom picks it up
but so it's got both the dogs at home as
she spent most of this afternoon just
like tidying up cleaning up and
hopefully she hasn't done too much
without me because I feel really really
guilty so I'm going to get over to UM
help her help her carry on cleaning aunt
idea
guys I was just in the car on the way
home I remember that what papi and Shana
present mainly papi pleasure I look at
the top so it can do 180 to the flat
leis
oh yeah so it hangs over the top yeah so
that guy sits like this it's got like a
really extended neck yeah hi she can
tell it straight on and on the other
side here and then you can take flatly
straight down nine I love it sorry
goodbye see you later
now Zoe and I have had dinner and we're
currently watching Red Nose Day proper
as always hard-hitting that some of the
videos some of that the cutaways the
stories of an experience of them things
that you're seeing that people are going
through unbelievable guys both Zoe and I
have just donated tonight so if you've
got any money spare any money possible
don't eat that next chocolate buy that
you're going to buy from the shop don't
buy that t-shirt that you don't need
tomorrow in town donate that money these
people man there's nothing and things
like malaria was it malaria injection
they're like 30 P 30 piece and it's
saved someone's life thirty P so only
much fun even get a bloody chocolate bar
that these days I can we just cut off my
to change the battery and be go I'm
saying guys and I know you will because
I made a bunch you back to be blown
lovely Zoe nya currently having a pretty
crazy Friday night by doing something
pretty grown-up quite mature quite
challenging we play hide and seek
literally just have to play hide and
seek so folks have won round eight of
course is my idea and then knowledge
brain sleep just being on the sofa we've
had one round each so far first round I
found Zoe ears really we've got a rule
you have to stay in this room counting
for 30 seconds is in a two minutes to
find the other person in the entire
house I can't go in 34 seconds and how
long does it take you to find machine
it's like three minutes 43 guys I hid in
the ticket spot
do you we should do it peach wrap of a
torch no no no no yeah I know it's
really scary yeah that's what would be
even more scary
no I round two we're going to pick that
light you go high by the way which will
find my friends about to die I need your
phone let me just put my phone on charge
three two one go
30 seconds on the clock so sorry to hide
and then we have to go and find out
which this was LIBOR something you guys
could have an info on finding Zoe as
imagine you like no I think you see how
I think and you guys good comments maybe
we'll do that in the live show soon on
YouTube five four three two one right
stop reset start two-minute timer let's
go let's go all the rooms
oh there you pros that behind there
no Zoe that's why she had last time in
there yeah I think I know she's going to
be upstairs because though it's good it
too scared to hide up here between us I
then you're too scared to be hiding up
here is that I died I thought that was
your bum oh no it's in a minute it's in
one minute I'm coming for you No one
minute forty under the bed no in over
two minutes
you've hit in the top room so that
aiesec on the farthest to find you as
you came to the furthest room away 2
minutes 25 seconds ha ha
can we say that you're not allowed to
hide in my clothes room because there's
birthday presents than that did you see
any formats swear there no hiding in
that room I'm trying to hold down space
really quietly
like in the hide in time I tried to go
in here stepped on the floor and bloody
broke it that also I think it would have
been really obvious if you print that
out yeah I didn't actually think that
was out before or not again
yeah you are saying come on you are
playing in that wasn't my last almost
like a sauna in this room I'm going and
closing this door secon so in seconds
this is it
I'm here no way in that lot and I went
around you do you remember oh yeah you
and I found you and I was like really
how the hell what is anything this stuff
I did have a feeling you're in here okay
I've got one more hiding space two
minutes here we go
I'm coming for you I'm gone glad to get
you I'm gon get ya where are ya you
behind the bar one minute 12 seconds
left
Zoe I'm gonna get ya I'm going ha ha ha
like one minute forty one minute forty
I'm too good a champion hide and seek
you outside
I thought you were going to be outside I
was like that's cheating but then I
showed him to died outside myself let
your phone back thank you well what
clues you produce next time we play
pitch black night vision camera we don't
even own one I should get one and
torches that's scary
as well as hard but we take not laps
between that and got to bed go and chill
I'm so hot now fighting in that hiding
spaces made me like so hot
- until everyone about your life today
did you have fun did you like yet
did you try and climb out after you
don't climb at your bar
look at you this is the torture I was
talking about guys that we should use
for hide-and-seek we use it in the
garden see when Allah is also it's the
trampoline year the one I put inside the
living room and Zoe was away I put it in
the garden well I just haven't put the
actual like trampoline bouncy bit on the
top so I should do that this weekend so
we have a trampoline in the garden also
on top of that we got this painted today
we've got the patio painted great today
was like a look like literally it's that
grippy it's like a greatly special
grippy paint so that when you come
outside you can't like fall over from
sliding and when Nala runs about on it
she doesn't slip and hurt a leg or
something come on in
let's go inside Oh what is this yummy
yummy
don't tell Zoe give you too
and the tonic
how
