good morning guys
stop to get in the shower my
spray-tanned has got goggle marks now
have you seen this my spray tan has got
goggle marks like real bad
and Indiana shower almost hit a lot I
think my last clip in this rug was a
home just before I got in the shower but
as you can see a modal go home and
currently in the studio absolute true
though we haven't started shooting yet
just edited the daily vlog walk sorry
ruin the shot though it's going to
makeup done
just chill in his phone look at this
breakfast spread need to get myself a
juice first shots of the day I've begun
Joe's getting his makeup done
taken some shots with the stickers and
the jumper how's it going even as I say
oh you've each what your own on there
hey I've got your p1 on my laptop yeah
just like that
fresh branding pop stock you on my home
she's our highlight against my privacy
he's right like the Sox finished all
their pictures I'm just shooting my
t-shirts at the moment Louis you're not
here I knew he was not going to be here
in time
we told him in the call she'd be here by
10 o'clock what's the shot one of my
salon is apparently is it's the audience
raised on the air place so it's not
really what's the time hence one ten to
one he was meant to be here at ten
o'clock
Louis everybody here for three so that's
all just there these guys are done I'm
going to leave you of my camera to film
some battery okay working were skin yeah
going off me yeah can press that God
Tony's very can't even do one press up
come on you got that three two one keep
really tight stop everything in yeah
pretty tight tighten everything your
legs your bum AB yeah there we go
go back up I finished shooting every
product every single one and I have the
most items here says Joestar Zoe's done
I've done Louise just stand up yeah
did you bring your makeup artist with
you
Louise Oscar is bid to be touched up
evan has been shooting all of his pitch
for a while I completely forgot to vlog
up in on the phone how did it go very
very good good I feel like a model
yeah Natalie on that I saw him do like
the laid out like this
hi I'm not the gun in the vest oh yeah
you're on the confident oh yeah the song
won yeah that just comes down yeah that
is a wrap a whole day but everyone's
done all of their shot we're all clear
enough at the moment so good so so good
right we're just just leaving the photo
shoot
oh my gosh I'm still so tan look at
streaky it all is because of my sunburn
it's gone on like all the dead skin for
my sunburn and stuck to that well while
we're trying to cram everything into
this car Louie and Evan are in Louie's
car and they're meeting us at our house
now got it
these are we enjoy a cramping in house
are they're chilling with the steamer
oh I just love steamer how's the shoot
today
yeah I am
so excited if you like you guys aren't
even ready for the new website photos
for the greatest storm for sublight if
you wanted to do before
just when we were launching in December
obviously we needed to get up as quick
as possible for you guys to up to me the
orders in time for Christmas and
everything and we were in a real rush
and then the images that we did take the
website would explain to you guys in for
the website so we had to just use what
we could and the website doesn't do it
like we wanted it to look like but now
watch all these pictures that we're
taking today or like finalize and edited
and everything like that we're going to
be all good we're going to be all good
to go to relaunch all the website and
make it looking fantastic except for my
skin which hopefully we had to make up
artist Eloise Russ today so she sort it
all out but now we've left the studio my
skin looks all packaging we've got video
lightening the room next door
yes Louise getting a little big nuran is
quite excited right on a nice luncheon
that says Louise you need one or two
Louise launches something exciting
tonight not the livestream that's not
the exciting thing NYX the live stream
was happening before the Lord
Yeah right you take that and tell them
you might see me enough his logs for a
couple of years now something I was
going to do a did ago after flying to
Namibia my friend JP was I've been
trying to plan to fly around the world
and finally but not like not like flying
I tried normal plane maybe after we're
joined for some of it like 4 feet of a
tiny plane circumnavigate the world in 3
months 22 countries at the plan we're
going to leave in August but we need to
raise some money it's going to be quite
expensive because we're making a movie
that's the things are we going to make a
feature-length movie of it so we are and
like we're just about to launch a
Kickstarter tonight from Alfie's living
room and I'm really nervous slides will
help you again we're going to do a
livestream under I just think I waiting
from those thousand
don't know about the webbing sorry
that's why you're not Sokka now go away
hi sorry okay right a little bit of a
confused on me always just put there
that and that's how you can retake their
thumbnail okay we're not scheduling we
just go in live right though is just a
WoW ground forces on the TV I love that
TV shows so much yet she's never wanted
watch it
hold on she just never wanted rock I
think that's really cool I bet you a lot
of men worship because of that night and
that's really cold Evans that every that
is it and program to do male only to
ground me I don't know I look round
forums with the Postal Service husband
that's the Royal Mail I know it's it
I'll park aboard ah gave it I mean that
would be a pretty boring program with
yeah yeah I know
ground forces I am me Trevor do people's
gardens up you can go away I like really
nice
yeah I've just bitten all erupted from
mom and dad's house mom has been looking
after her today whilst we're at the
photo shoot and she's currently so so
sleepy like she's obviously been playing
with buzz all day haven't you see them
playing with buzzy boy so I'm just
driving home now so I'd update you
because I don't want to be on one clip
where we're just a home chillin on the
sofa the next clip we're at home
chilling on the sofa but nah let's just
randomly appeared I've just driven out
to my mom and dad's house to them to
pick her up good bye see you later
go enjoy your Nando's I'll wait and he's
let you out okay and thanks for the help
with it but I shall get see later bro
look what's on TV
this is literally my favorite yes you
have nothing vanilla
you've never seen Billy Elliot you know
I've seen the musical would think four
times in London I have noticed the
musical
yeah I've never if this is like iconic I
love me on Rouge I like film
film yeah what about the myth no what
about my face being all pale impact tree
and everything because my sunburn the
Muskrat out yes you're in general have
livened assessor you've never been to a
musical there is a theater and it's a
musical
let's go to a musical now study called
sin I haven't even have a West Side
Story bro there's what we run Rouge the
theater I'd go and see that not only
robberies run talking like I like grease
like grease yeah it's amazing you just
don't give me split a job together
really I'm gonna book you where'd you
about to step to me the night plus you
want us to know hey I was Drake it eight
picture is actually a I've always wanted
diet it's actually eight yeah sometimes
I I'm going to buy you musical to get
guys can you remind one you know let's
leave us a present like that in your arm
yeah I know God
dragon bit me like people tell got a
linking up think that really is it I've
seen light at the end line game this is
in the magical and a haircut two one
like is that oh my god that was the best
thing of everything in my life that's
what everyone say another good-looking
well think so I went by the Harry Potter
thing that's the best piece of
entertainment I've ever experienced
among other things I think that anything
I've ever experienced in my hilarious
I'm very open to it but I've never I
would love to go see to this stuff but I
say that but then I'm never like so I
realize going to see let's go you don't
give it a chance though your world I
think it's not no experience experience
to W into it
trust me you let me never saw you look
into it yeah do you ever see something
like do you ever go to a concert and
watch it and think oh my god I'd love to
do that that I shouldn't be that person
performing yeah
every time we going to a musical I'm
like why can I not dance and sing it's
like oh my god yeah you know you'd love
it
I was respect for it and you know
perfect respect the arts do is yes do it
yeah very clever book trust me I'm going
to buy you tickets we're going to go see
musical okay
or do you not be good for a video say
it'll be good for a blog that's like a
hot date this shows things you're
looking for a blog you book I will book
you okay how about this I will put you
two tickets to a musical not going to
tell you which one in London I will give
you them two days in advance and you
have to get yourself a date to go with
and it can't be only let money cast but
I feel like right Majan acting down what
you up to tonight nobody is that weird
what you're like tonight our first time
a bit we're going to miss with a bit
impressive though it's a bit too like
hectic I think I would impress a girl be
like all he's trying to show off you
know Pingala
think of the most subtle and you think
sort of fun you know I drink sorry first
date Billy Elliot really yeah you mean
like you've been that bad a day on
for ages I remember the days very sick
yeah okay here they won't affect you
guys in a room I mean do you guys like
it was a guys okay customers always in
there as well seems like know that
custody happy ah she's got so bloody
much because using could your family
house is like seven hours away from
anything
gosh even that internet we've a ninja
tantalizes the worst internet drop load
of videos only back in the day when they
used to live at their dad's house Zoe
you stopped upload the day before and
there's no like 14 hours oh yeah to
upload you never experience properly the
struggles especially did actually I
growing up everything we owned was my
boots though we never had anything new
for so you couldn't walk to a shop no
because it wasn't a short clothes only
like this people did you learn another
very still a lot worse than we were but
with everything we go with second hand
you have to walk everywhere but my
friends it's in the town I live in the
village I haven't done much there I
would never go to did you learn to drive
the day you possibly call yet see for me
I like plants without like noise yeah
that was such freedom there passed my
test but oh my god I can dry quickly no
kundo all my friends to drink I couldn't
but I would go anywhere to say so
because I can actually got a helpmate
and I can drive them all home with my
office basically end of the night think
on home again it no any number one see I
could just do that with the bus I like
for me I can walk anywhere and write in
the 15 minutes anywhere yeah
but you'd like we're going to add were
in the world live a different life but
then we're also very lucky
some people have the zilcho I would love
nothing they will call game equals alpha
t if they wanted to now we're going to
see we want to see that a pregnant Book
of Mormons roof oh that's going to be
insane yeah I think the tickets just
sell out so good yeah maybe we straight
you're watching a comedy yeah my mom and
dad have seen that they loved it loved
it yeah I'm gonna have a look I'm going
to book Jason tickets to musical let me
know down below what really cool no you
can't just stick to one musical blow
there's hundreds of musical duo brothers
amazing
Band of Brothers Sofia what's that a
Great War Theory back in the day Damian
Lewis in it those trying to clean off
the like dead tan skin off my face
is it working it's not meaning guys it's
like half-past nine quarter to 10:00 in
the evening we didn't upload the Sims is
it 10 o'clock and we doing upload we
didn't upload as soon as we did tonight
through been at the photo shoot like
until hot by six seven o'clock since
medical before
oh my god this has so much is your
walk-in though is it
scratching that these are like scratch
marks and I can still see the dead skin
there's going to be so much harder than
you think to get off well fake can like
spray tans only lasts five days yeah I
know but districts really bad cause it's
clung to your dead skin oh oh
Joe and I have just finished pranking
because they filming a video is already
so he didn't realize the video was being
filmed at all I'm not going to tell you
what we did all I'm going to say that
she didn't know it was happening and
look it's just watching it through now
look very long is love it's going to be
up on Joe's main channel on Sundays to
get excited guys it's kind of like half
past 1:00 in the morning that a house
got to half past 1:00 in the morning I
know
so tanned I've got in London super early
tomorrow morning guys song and in the
blog down here a discouraged bird who
the notification shout-out today goes to
this person
thank you very much getting turned on if
you're not already guys go down below
subscribe get a video big old thumbs up
and I'll catch you in the morning i
catching brighten out in the morning in
towards your head oh yah like lettuce in
oh do you forget no yeah
back down the pain
