that looks good - think it's ready stun
played the piano name is songs only the
greatest showmen yeah oh wow okay that's
blooming hard yeah hurry star sign of
the times piano let's see I haven't
played this one since I was trying it
the other day
you
popped a by two hands God I'm just gonna
eat instead good morning guys hey how
you doing
you come do you wanna know together yeah
yeah this is 100
we can't do it we need more practice
yeah we can do that one time when I
learned this both hand solid you sing
and I'll play I just need to get used to
din two hands at once at different
timings were you doing over there
oh she's gone in
she's come in he got run to me Missy
you've got to come smell his bathtub
she's so tense there you go
enjoy your bath farewell she's looking
at me like no daddy
for some reason darlin loves to run away
whenever it's time for her to have a
ball she doesn't even mind actually
having a bath it's just literally when
you say to her come and then this kind
of a bath she's like no chance runs away
and runs to whoever isn't giving her
about you being grumpy because you're
wetting you're cold
no that's getting so annoyed because
she's just had a bath and she won't let
us dry her so she's like still a tiny
bit wet and she's and she's so grumpy
hey what's up what's up Missy
can I see your carrot oh they're not all
did not think that would be okay this is
full of PB match and unbelievably match
items their samples things that we never
ended up doing check that embroidered
hat links down below guys 20% off of all
PB match at the moment everything on my
PB matched or 20% off
janou sale he excited to go out we've
done on a walk
you're so soft I know I really don't
want her to we've just found a little
little walkway oh my gosh this is gonna
be muddy I do want to go in the fields
Hey oh my gosh they're proper fairy
they look like isone anyone my other
jacket you know the one that looks like
that
no no what's this show her they
literally could a girl a there's
one that star candles yeah but you might
scare it at least my scary all run away
yeah
you might also scare the others but they
don't seem that bothered I don't think
they'll hurt you gorgeous they can't
warn you but they can't really run at
you they're only small it's not like a
bull or a cow you'll have to pick the
brambles off it or its really stark
you'll have to use your sleeve or
something though because you obviously
you can't touch the brambles directly
more the one that stuck isn't happy
either
it's okay gorgeous one in need and focus
on that one gorgeous
like mom and dad they think they're
gonna get me oh oh they're all coming up
to you Oh Alfie got out there following
you the following key oh I'm so glad it
got out that was really stressing me out
that it was like that can you hold this
because I'd love to take a picture look
at that door baby one I'm gonna pretend
I got some food so I can stroke you look
how close they've come for Zoe's camera
look how cute Nala is when she moves
through the grass because it's quite
deep wait I want her to wait there
Nullah come here
coming in coming in should we get some
pet sheep in our garden imagine if we
just did get a couple of sheep in the
garden do you think we could if we fed
them and stuff why not oh yeah it is if
we just had three has always taken 400
pictures aah dog gate let's see if Nala
does it giving in come on back from the
walk it is exactly five zero zero the
rug is just for nap time to sit down
read all your comments for a bit reply
to some comments just waiting for my
sweet potato fries to cook some salmon
as well cooking up some asparagus and
peas catching up on my boy watching an
interview of Troy it's really cool damn
my dinner looks so good we're about to
watch sick sick sets Sixth Sense which
I've never ever seen before
there's a couple of movies that when I
tell people I haven't seen them
everyone's reaction is always like be
you jokin one of those is on me not film
but series one of them is it series Star
Wars it's already a series it's a number
of movies Star Wars from never seen any
Star Wars movies The Sixth Sense and
what was the other one knows O'Mally i
had Fight Club never seen pulp fiction
never seen yes II have you seen Lock
Stock and Two Smoking Barrels okay no
I'm pretty tired it's like 9:30 p.m.
since the gym is done it needs to be
used I think I'm not gonna go too heavy
working out today like I still haven't
decided whether I'm gonna get a personal
trainer to come to the gym and train
with me just so that I'm like fully
optimizing my training
when I was working out that over a year
ago now I was working out with a
personal trainer I'm not really too
knowledgeable like I know some stuff and
I've got workout routines I've written
down but it would be good to have
somebody with me helping me when I was
reading the comments earlier on in the
blog a lot of you as there were a dog
built in this wall here or somewhere I
mean I can't get it Louise the metal was
only this to hold up but people were
sent so that it doesn't get so cold
opening the closing the shutter I should
get a dog there it goes out into the
driveway can't make sense but then I
might as well just like feel that I
think it's fine now it is I just need a
big one of these heaters and also I
don't mind being a little bit cold
because it wakes me up when I'm about to
work out but also when you are working
out the last thing you want is to be in
a pop Jim so I don't want me
I want I wanted to end off the little
session with some handstand practice but
my arms because I'm not used to working
out at all as I said earlier on in the
blog the last time a proper worked out
was like over a year ago so my arms even
just from doing the little that you've
seen
I like shaky as heck when I'm trying to
handstand I was literally just about to
leave and then I thought what's the
point I'm not absolutely smashed I'm not
tired and it's now 11:04 in the evening
so I'm gonna do 1k as fast as I can
almost Reina which probably won't be too
fast because I can't leave my camera
just run out of memory she said to
delete a couple of blips 1km as fast as
I possibly could and I'm not good right
you are just as much as I need to get
the weights in to get ripped I need to
get the cardio in bad if you're not
already subscribed please go down below
it takes one second out of your time
literally go down below hit the
subscribe button if you're not already
let me know if you do that give the
video a thumbs up if you want to if
you're feeling nice if my temperatures
ran out again I've got to be quick good
I'm like give the video a thumbs up
comment below if you have or tweet me a
screenshot and I'll favorite some of
your tweets or tweet allowed to be back
and stuff know of like some of your
comments as I said a couple of times in
this video guys I do read all your
comments I appreciate all your support
so much but 2018 is going to be a big
year this year a lot of changes
happening on this channel a lot of
changes happening just with me and my
videos and my content in general gonna
stop podcast starting the main channel
up again focused on the gaming channel
up again we're gonna have a lot of fun
this year if you're not subscribed make
sure you are guys literally down below I
appreciate all your love I read the most
of it I try and read everything I
possibly can so if you tweet me the
chances are that I probably will read it
I've got a new member of the team
joining tomorrow and their very first
day it's gonna be a big day tomorrow
crap now I'm about to
just ran out I'll see you in the morning
good night guys I've just realized
looking in here in the little screen
next to the camera my top literally
matches the my Baraka drink and then I
got a little coffee I'm starting off
every morning so far this year and it
seems to be working
it's currently 8:30 I'm just about to
jump in my first phone call meeting of
today today is a blooming busy day a
crazy exciting day lots of stuff to
update you on since I didn't vlog
yesterday but one main thing I'm going
paintballing today like it's gonna be
savage I haven't been paintball in seven
years probably and I'm kind of a little
bit worried because I remember last
summer a lot a shot in the hand and it
hurt so bad that I that I literally
couldn't shoot my gun I was in the
middle of a game and I could not shoot
my gun because my hand was in so much
pain I couldn't move my fingers also my
beat is coming along a little bit as I
said to you in the blog the other day
I'm just not gonna shave for a couple of
weeks and see what happens
he's getting there so I like crazy yet
but it it's padding out content it's
padding out because it started to annoy
me or was that the first calls coming in
hey how's it going just finished up on
skype with my therapist as well that's
two things done today both went really
really well
it's interesting speaking to a therapist
because you just open up and chat about
so many things that are so normal
mundane to you that you do and they're
just part of your life that you don't
even realize that you're doing or that
they are part of your life because
they're just so mundane to you and then
when you look at them from working out
so I point of view you like well okay
that's bloody oh that's crazy
that is weird that I do that I should I
should probably change that I need to
get dressed onto a change for
paintballing which I need to leave in
ditch like a couple of minutes I kind of
a bit scared I don't know whether this
is normal or not I don't know whether
this is normal not to say on camera but
I'm just gonna say it like I'm scared
I'm gonna get shot in the dick or in the
balls and I like I don't have a cup I
meant to be wearing a cup paintball in
because I don't want to get shot there
this-this-this need one of those tight
gym tops this could be really good super
tight I'm basically just gonna wear as
many clothes as I possibly can I don't
care how ridiculous I look because I've
been a couple of times many many many
many years ago and I remember just how
painful it is like it literally hurts so
bad one pair of gym legging kind of
thing on let's go with another pair yeah
this is really going to make me need the
toilet oh that's so tight on my waist
some tracksuit bottoms I also need to be
able to move this is a medium and I
normally wear XL I think there might be
a going a bit over the top
but I'd rather go over the top and be
hot than being crazy pain never released
before PB hoodie gonna bring a couple of
different be any options just chucked on
one more pair of trousers on top just to
be safe I've got three different Co
options with me need to get these boots
out of my Audi these are what I want to
wear all I need to do now is put the
address in my sat-nav get my buck go in
and one thing I need to buy when I get
there like cannot forget otherwise I
will be in so much pain if I get shot
there is some gloves
Thank You sky little fanny pack
boy you are screwed man you padded out
I'm nearly ready I just need to put my
helmet on they have got underarm I like
padding here but no one is opted for it
and I don't want to be the only one that
does wear it so I'm just saying no I've
also got the thickest coat on compared
to anyone else need to put this helmet
on and then we're ready to roll I don't
know how much I'm gonna be able to film
obviously because I don't want to be
holding a camera when I should be
holding the gun I think one of the guys
who were just gonna shoot some little
bits for us on our cameras but I'm just
gonna see what happens you know I'm just
so excited game ones done me and Joey
are literally on opposite sides of this
like one metal wall in a bus just shout
out for each other like we drew I didn't
think we were gonna draw I'll just be
sprinting I eyed this on which basically
meant that I was the target for everyone
to chew and if I get hit once and it's
game over
everyone was a ting there for me but we
did it
this is the spot boys wait one coming
down top of the map
oh you boys will get in there like it
knocks on
where are they boys
for him one second - bang done so that
was mad you guys couldn't see but Joe
and I were in the top of the sniper we
both run out of bullets just sitting
waiting for that loss like last time
throwing that granadan got the grenade
in last minute madness take your gun
yeah they took my gun
yesterday broke and ran out of ammo this
is what I'm talking about for lunch I've
got to head off we're just checking the
score red team 24 blue team 22 I reckon
Jack wrote that himself 100% in stature
sick time paintball of everyone but I've
got a meeting in 15 minutes now I need
switch on my shoes again it just got
back now I'll push the meeting back half
an hour which has given me about 10
minutes time to get changed all my
clothes are muddy
you are you guys have gone so vogue II
just need to grab my notebook if you're
wondering why I'm at home and I'm saying
I've got a meeting because my meeting is
in Zoey's office which is top floor of
this house I'm so excited to eat there
where is that if I find that I'm gonna
eat it that's all I'm telling you yes
it's in here where is it
there's no enough forage look it's
called jocular Potok Liz the one where
is it in the cupboard
you can't refer guests eats it I'm gonna
go and eat it okay guys if you live in
the UK I'm pretty sure it's only in the
UK you will know that at the moment
there is white cream eggs in circulation
there was only ever 100 whereas opener
this is a hog goodie cupboard there was
only 100 married and apparently Broome
has it they're going on eBay for 2,000
pounds each one of these eggs that
Zoey's been sent from Cadbury's is one
of the 100 cream eggs that is white in
the world to the point where people are
going into shops and just unravelling
the chocolate eggs to see whether
they're white because they're going for
2,000 pounds on eBay one of these here
is white that's more expensive than your
iPad this is more expensive than like
two iPhone tens it'll be the last you
have not it's not that one
imagine if somebody like my mom had
eaten it is that one you can tell you've
opened it a little bit let me see
apparently they say on the white no they
don't
white male on our whole mill cousin
let's open it a little bit I just wanted
oh look that is legit for anyone that
thinks that I'm lying because this is
like so rare there's only 100 made that
is a white chocolate egg I don't know
I'm smelling it's literally just normal
white chocolate but this is 2,000 pounds
and because of that I feel like we can't
eat it oh my god imagine just eating it
someone's gonna like come and steal it
off us we've got good security this
house we've got panty buttons hidden
everywhere you come and try and steal
this egg don't worry I'm gonna keep it
and if one of my friends happens pick up
to eat it they can no no no I don't know
I'm gonna wait until the height goes
down then I'll eat it no you wait to the
pipe dies down when people have eaten
theirs then there's only ever like 12
left 10 yeah this is like the new
Bitcoin this is this is the new Bitcoin
white chocolate eggs we should wait for
a memorable occasion the launch of the
new office when the new office opens
sorry I'm like so tired
all of the members of staff you're
working in there we were all sit down
with a knife and fork each and split it
up into however many people there ways
and have one bit edge or just sell it
and we get to ground no I think it's
more special that we have one yeah let's
play a game if you so currently it's my
egg they send it to me yeah they didn't
send it to me he can find it first time
if I can find it first time then I get
to keep it don't you gonna melt it be
serious let's go and put it away let's
put it in the freezer
no not freezer because we can't let
someone accidentally eat it my dad will
come over my dad will 100 cigarettes
fridge I've hidden it in the fridge it's
gone I've just messaged my friend Acer
seeing if he wants to come and work out
with me you guys probably know Easter
from the blogs so he Jordan Domino's for
dinner you put the idea in my
because I had one for lunch but when I
say I had one for lunch there were
mediums and there was six between eight
of us three of them were pizza that I
didn't really like and three of them
were margarita which I do like so I had
three pieces of a medium pizza that's
not even half so basically I'm gonna
make up my friend who I'm about to go to
the gym with and see if he wants
Domino's
yeah what you saying so I've got a
proposition to make as well Zoey and I
are ordering the Domino's do you want
anything maybe a bit counterproductive
with the gym a small veggie soup rainbow
you can't be healthy with the gym it's a
gradual thing I'm not looking to flip my
lifestyle and change it overnight
because that's something that we've
worked out doesn't work yeah because the
thing with it is is I absolutely would
smash it and keep it up for like a month
and then I'd be like yo this is too
extreme I stopped fully now we've
literally got the gym on the driveway
it's gonna it's gonna be there forever
so there's no need for me to be here in
the gym baby no way yeah oh my gosh so
there's no need for me to be like
straight working out seven day I mean I
do want to work out some of this week
but I'm not putting the pressure on
myself to be crazy strict because it's
there for life now that we've got the
gym so I just want to just gradually get
into it and get used to it so today is a
day when I'm having one and a little bit
of pizza I'm not saying two pizzas
because I didn't have a whole pizza it's
been a good day today but after that we
just have an exciting meeting didn't we
that's something that could that is
potentially gonna stop did you have
lunch no you got to do that all day
that's one thing that's one thing that I
think I want to work on really hard
outside of anything work-related and
stuff is making sure that I get a lunch
break every single day
because it's so easy in our kind of jobs
to just work over lunch and just like
yesterday I had lunch at 4:45 p.m. and
then I did not half past 9:00
that's not good that's really not good
that's one thing I definitely want to
say I do Morris every day put in an hour
by to like prepare and eat good food is
that boring you NOLA you snoring not it
was like shut up that no one cares this
is what I'm talking about
we got the pizza straight off to the gym
I'm not as excited it's bringing you a
toy and everything coming in it's time
for me to end the block I'm not yet it's
still super early it's only a half past
ten my beard is growing super exhausted
least look so we actually sat on the
toilet and I got the hiccups
I think I just want to blow up by saying
how excited I am to freshen up my
content because last year I kind of
dropped everything content-wise her set
from the blogs which I love doing and I
still want a baby blog but I just as you
know occasionally might miss that it's
like the last couple of days I missed
but the aim is to do as many days a week
as I possibly can but I'm so excited
like beyond excited to stop producing
and filming and working on some
different kinds of content on my
appoints blodger channel and the podcast
and the game channel club something else
that have been working on a lot recently
is new merchandise so I don't know
or I mean I dunno I just don't know if I
should tell you know I will tell you if
you've watched all the way to the end of
this video then you deserve to know
start in or March the 1st on the 1st of
every single month there's going to be
new merchandise dropping I'm like it's
something that I've been working on for
ages
and from working in advance prepare and
staff doing tons of designs tons of
products on anything
and I'm excited to say that the first of
March the first line of items is going
to be drop in I know that's quite a
while in the future but I just wanted to
put it out there now because you guys
have really been non-stop asking me what
do you do much how much Nemeth what's
happening more less obvious stuff so now
are you going to restock it I'm not
gonna be restocking the current stuff so
if you want some of the current stuff
there's a 20 % off of everything right
now 20 percent all off link is down
below and literally down below right now
if you want to grab some of that stuff
and then for March the first none of
that is going to be available and we are
gonna have new products out every single
month super limited edition unless so
excited we've been working hard on this
if you accept that let me don't let me
know in the comments and stuff I do read
a lot my comments tweet me whatever give
the video a thumbs up and yeah hope you
enjoyed the vlog that's that's about it
oh I'm gonna brush my teeth moisturize
my face jump into bed and go to sleep
I'll probably catch a talk oh this is
not the one I'll probably catch you
tomorrow good night guys
okay
