oh good morning guys good morning how
you doing this is a little bit weird
because I'm driving while saying good
morning so I can't actually look at you
because I need to concentrate on my
driving I hope you're having a lovely
day it is so beautiful today in Brighton
like the sun is shining the sky is
completely blue with a puppy no it's not
as always puppies caught in the sky is
completely blue like completely blue it
is so so lovely and I'm just driving
home now I've been for breakfast with my
friend Max and I've gone from my
standard all America bacon pancakes
sausage eggs chip maple syrup coffee
juice every day so the whole work I
stupidly ate so much I feel like I need
to like go to sleep or something but
I've got a meeting in 6 minutes I'm
driving home to get back I was just
driving home with my cousin easy buck me
I was I'll see you just rode past me I
was like what she said he just drove
past me I'm walking to go see grandma so
I spun back around went and picked her
up and dropped off to go and see my
grandma and now I'm running uh I
wouldn't say late but I'm risking being
late for this meeting but I'm not
worried about being late to this meeting
because I popped into dumb dumbs donuts
is that what it's called dum-dums bakery
something like that the donut place and
got everybody for the meeting I am a
donut or cronut age so I know them all
good because as soon as I get to the
meeting even if people across for them
late which I don't think I am going to
be very late I think I might be like a
minute or two late I've got everyone a
donut so I know that I know that it's
all good anyways guys I'm literally
about to pull up to my house and I've
got three minutes till more meeting and
the meeting is at my house
so I'm not going to be late just finish
up all of the meetings for today the
time is 20 minutes to 5:00 in the
evening mr. Joe Stark is here and today
today is another spray tan day we're
getting Zoe's just had a spray tan you
look so tanned
look at my camera you ready three two
one
oh my god it's just the guys color I
want to see Joe's reaction to seeing you
Joe
close your eyes look at look at sorry
now oh they will see away okay so it's
my turn to get spray-tanned now going to
watch yeah it's like it's 20 to 5 an
evening we've had meeting after meeting
after meeting after meeting the don't
you re the vlogs just mark it again
we're gonna have to do an extra layer
for like the tip of the nose
okay you look great rocks look like a
premature Lama de jure still getting his
spray tan I'm going oh my gosh look at
my teeth hopefully hopefully this isn't
too soon oh my gosh
oh my god ah I've just seen a tweet from
one of you guys called Jane Phelps as
you sweet and said if you gone to web
sign enter the code on the back of the
jewelry you can find out the values if
you saw yesterday's vlog Zoe and I lit a
candle there's very good scent and at
the bottom a candle was this ring and
it's either worth from $10 to $7,000 and
you don't know what the value of it is
what those flashcards I know how goods
that positively so much so the only
issue is it says it's run website enter
the code in the back of the jewelry
Zoe's already ripped off thanks Zoe the
code on the back of the door wins
through in the bin so I am I'm going to
try and go in Google Images or something
to try and find out see the value of it
I've currently got Yeezys on pajamas
short a vest and this jacket
what am I wearing coming in let's go for
a walk though enjoy are currently
sorting out our dinner back at home I
cannot even describe how cold I am right
now
wearing shorts and a vest what the heck
cos are thinking that was absolutely
freezing just got home and I've got got
some sushi as your guys do know why are
you doing oh sorry
I'll see you I said don't move leather
bra on sorry night guys
but now that when you might Zoey
somewhere joke ends up yeah or enough
cutter it for one person yeah
which in School of Rock I own this film
in sold on I sort this all the time
those younger and with just so what we
want to get to see when it came out Joe
gets 2002 what was your guess though a
would and I guess mm great
that is ridiculous mm Jersey ers dietary
school I just found them to because I
remember going to the video shop is the
video shop Buster's to try and buy and
you have a block much away them did yet
or tonight
well I remember going on once - let's
make some primary schools don't get it
obviously in this much I think not so
early 2003 yeah I've joined techniques
going to thousands like September 2003
yeah are at an early childhood and I
used to rent PlayStation 1 games lot
Buster and please only my guys and they
can make a drug name
did you see I never had any of those
consoles really know my first contours
ps1 no no thanks mom and dad just gave
me they keep Natalie low at Wisconsin
iPad yeah but at the age of like to
order heck boxes young-ran last year
imma still get them old make me strong
the old console a hundred and work their
way up well my kids have like you know
those red wooden bikes I'm going to put
picture up on screen or the little old
school fashion topper not at your best
no he said you never ever had it was you
was it Sean you didn't have the red in
yellow car with the door we're open
those I'd wait I said one replaces they
didn't have done
I had one of those cars in sick unless
you like too old for and then you try
and get in and then you get stuck
anyways for watching school to rocket
moment Joe literally knows every and
onward to this film very noisy phase Oh
what are you gonna say what weird
why should I say why I mean chips
 god he my god truck idiot
the no hands challenge you can flip it
ha ha ha ha ha ha yaaaa go as Ariane
Tony in one Zoe go on odds on not only
one gods I please just eat one of them
it done it wasn't he's just lick just
wrestle if I need people wonder what
I'll go phone yo Jesus my I can
hear em you him yeah yeah when I was
younger one thing that would make you
super cool when I was in school as young
as if you can fall but doing it under
your armpit
I only do it once I'm holding the camera
for you guys done I used to be Santa guy
oh don't you share my God look at my
face I look I look sunburn and extremely
over spray tanned Joe kinder to his
chest
are you sure pop never done in my jet oh
yeah you sure took my phone yeah yeah
yeah yeah what area well fat hairy Bob
we can postpone it for the Viking one oh
are you sure do one arm somehow as well
don't know how I did it like please your
change not like that I use just
something happy nah you're wrong though
it's going to make guys just take
another up tomorrow morning we've got it
or not even the morning tomorrow during
the whole day
stop wafting your father made solicit II
know you're not your walked in that get
away we've we've got a photo shoot for
the crater store myself I can't believe
that Louise actually going to be there
Louie Louie
oh yeah I am see Louie in I think we
flew back early from South Africa for it
I'm not reassured tolerance or Louie
I don't know as last time using the
country yeah probably for this yeah
tomorrow we've got a photo shoot for the
creditors to offer new pictures on the
website because I want right we want to
update the website we want the website
to look good the website how it looks at
the moment isn't actually how it was
ever meant to look the pictures that
we've currently got on the website
didn't fit our website design and how it
was coded so we had to just change the
website design last minute when we made
it back in December so it doesn't look
very good
but that's going to change we're getting
all your pictures done myself
Zoe Joe Louie and Evan are all going to
be there tomorrow
Tonya's not because time has only got
posters on the greatest source there's
any point have coming all the way to
Brighton just hold up a poster where's
all the muscle areas
can you come all the way here yeah okay
holds up a poster and so we're shooting
all new images for like Instagram the
website everything for the crater store
tomorrow which is super super exciting
so we're all going to a studio to
approach shooter like a 9 am I supposed
to do
yes in a sense use it minute Android no
not that one
it's a different studio it's really
really quite a shot there the other day
yeah social with in tomorrow us while
Joe's over in tomorrow's block we're
going to move Evan and Louie as well as
anyone ever did I said Evan yeah Evan
we're going to reviews toys Evans toy
review imagine what it probably would do
much you get one because you under a
million viewers every day I'm going to
end the vlog down here rather than
upstairs waking Zoe up because she's
going to show it to Bedouin Allah if
you've enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs
up you know to do subscribe if you're
not already we're fairly close to 4
million on this channel and my
statistics say I told you guys this the
other day but if you don't really know
apparently there are more people that
watch these videos unsubscribed than
people that are subscribed yes if you're
not already smart is now the general
thing of youtubers I think it's just
people like my mom who doesn't have a
youtube account but watches my videos so
let's please people just never get who
really after what I do or explain you
know make videos I have a role today
yeah again videos you can watch it here
we stay off your channel I give my
channel and they say - I've had it in I
can see all the videos or this mystic
subscribe but the word subscribes
doesn't mean it's thoroughly blocked I
don't get what it is so if you're not
already subscribe as well guys make it
account notifications showed up today
goes through this person who or just
just put them on the screen
oh you're here I'm going to guess the
name is Annabelle not probably isn't if
you haven't already if you haven't put
my notifications on feel free to do that
so you notified when actually upload a
video and I'll see in the morning you
might get a bite
what is your impression
look at that I mean the length is very
impressive the noise is quite impressive
try see
I'll see you morning
okay
