look where I am on that time good
morning to you guys it only looks like
I've been away for one vlog but I was
actually where I'm already had a breath
because I'm so excited to get that vlog
in I was actually away for four days
I only blogged like two of those days
and I mixed it all into one vlog and
uploaded it last night so if you saw my
snowboarding trip video I hope you
enjoyed it I had so much fun it was
super super relaxed and not vlogging as
much not having to edit and upload every
single day and just taking a few days to
this chill still make a great video but
just not every single day let's get back
to our routine waking up having a
weather check the weather outside done
doing dawn blue my neck it's so early
it's so early in the morning but it's
still dark I mean it's not is there
let's not lie it's not early on in the
morning guys I'm actually starting this
vlog at 7 o'clock in the evening
4 minutes to 7:00 I spent today catching
up on so much stuff that I was meant to
do whilst I was away but obviously of
snowboarding's I didn't do it I haven't
even had time to unpack any of my
suitcases I like my snowboard stuff I
haven't even unpacked this bag here is
from when we went on the family holiday
to Rye
I haven't even unpacked that one let
alone my snowboarding bag it's being a
bloomin busy day I hope you guys are all
having a lovely day whatever you did
whatever you are let me know what you're
up to
hello you haven't been the vlogs in all
she hasn't has she you haven't been in
the vlogs in a while
hey hey hey you have been in evokes in a
while Eva no no no that coming them
let's go get your dinner coming in
coming in Oh
right go on em good girl serious note
though guys how you actually doing and
what have you been up to because I feel
like we haven't been communicating
I didn't even check while stars away
looks really dark in here from the light
spot I didn't even really check my
Twitter while stars away
I didn't even upload an Instagram and
did snapchat little bit I did Instagram
story a little bit but I didn't I didn't
want anyone to youtube videos I've come
out the loop normally I'm online so much
of the day reading your tweets reading
your comments uploading videos for your
snapchat and Instagram and watching all
my friends YouTube videos need to get
back into it that's what I'm going to
try and do tonight I was mentally
unpacking I'm still going to try and do
that but I want to jump on the new vlog
and read all your comments and see how
you're doing
we're also watching is this the first
episode or the season 13 of the
Kardashian this is the newest business
just come out today so we got sent a
candle and I want to know if any of you
can help us out what kind of brand was
there though he got sent a candle to her
peer box and when you burn the candle
you get a piece of jewelry at the bottom
jewel sent jewel sent it looks amazing
poor sweet handle 100-hour burn which I
can confirm the concerned ours for ever
bamboo rain scented the only thing is I
would put it on the back like look I
can't read it let me ship and get my
friend your phone liner you all valued
at $10 to $7,500 wait for you in every
candle so there's a jewel in every cent
you will uncover your surprise jewel
once you have started to enjoy the
inviting remember you and natural
silhouette scandal when you see the gold
foil snuff out the flame and let the wax
cool for a moment remove the gold part
for the pair of tweezers and unwrap the
foil to discover your jewel enjoy the
rest of your candle and your dazzling
new jewel share video also to yourself
with your new tool but we don't know how
much we don't know how to know what the
values of the gorge so what we got
inside here is this ring
but my camera's not going to focus on
focusing on me the camera won't focus on
it so I'm just going to turn the lights
on to turn the lights on for a second
the camera won't focus on it so what we
actually got wait for it wait for it
yeah
so that is what we got at the bottom of
the candle so does anybody know if this
is worth ten to ten dollars or $7,000
$7,000 how would you know I came with my
cake looks cool though doesn't it thank
you it doesn't fit me that fits my
wedding finger it doesn't fit so it
doesn't even fit swoosh some I mean this
doesn't really match marble jewelry I'm
really worried nothing probably worry I
can get very pretty
yeah I think it's genuinely really nice
to imagine if one of you guys was like
oh yeah my dad's a diamond my mum's a
diamond jewelry that would not be worth
them
no but I think it's $10 but it could be
7,500 anyways she started asking guys
because some of you might know about
this candle brand and you might know
what ones are worth what money right I'm
going to jump onto YouTube sorry about
the late start to the blog today guys as
I said I'm literate in sorting things
out we just finished up a meeting this
evening that started at what time did
the meeting stop us for hot for and it
ended like this is 20 minutes ago 7 is 7
o'clock now
and about half 6 I always end up doing
this I come back from the trip away or I
have a couple of days off of login and
then I just calm dog for the first day
back and just not used to our card game
to the flow or picking on the camera and
fugu I'm so tired my face is still so
but look I shiny but end of my nose says
that's so bad it's all like dry and ble
I haven't vlogged anything kind of any
money blog one clip so far today
anyways I'm going to leave the vlog more
go ahead my mouth and I'll see you in
the morning it's quarter to 12:00 I need
to go to bed and get some sleep where
for those over there so
be a catch in the morning hey
