good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it's super super early I got about an
hour 45 minutes sleep last night I just
don't really needs me we're going so I
was so excited we're kind of
snowboarding that I don't don't think I
need any tea I just bought a new
vlogging camera you know my audio has
been messing up loads recently just
managed by a new camera thank you so
much it's just gone the plane ride to
excellence are identified by exit signs
inside the window located I'll show on
the screen hold and the safety on the
old pad I'm not allowed to have the
camera because I've got like a mountain
touch and the passenger cilantro with an
over wing emergency exit we must be able
to open this heads at themselves I
construct producer by the crew or
together if you get this item find you
I see I'm super back that's gonna meet
the others they all flew from a
different Airport why your same person
in the night and then Marcus goes to bed
at like 8 p.m. in the evening when you
guys just go to our chalet now been
shown around just gonna love this little
gym area yeah yeah that's what I'm
talking about oh this is nice that is
the biggest hot tub I've ever seen
that's blooming massive oh my gosh yeah
that's cool
he's happy look at his little green I
did not pay but this whole thing Jim Pam
Pratt
thank you ma'am here he is
hello mate yeah I just realized looking
at my watch something yeah is it even
time thank you so much see you in a bit
man oh look at that
everyone else is headed up straight up
to get their ski passes and stuff and
head up the mountains and the Josh and
Sean are both getting boards because
they don't go boards with them and it's
just lovely it's so warm like so warm I
think it's like 18 or 19 today 19 the
board riders
they've only gonna got their boards look
at them so exciting Marcus has got a
bloody McDonald's 80 chicken has if he's
got McDonald shame him oh look at that
small Haiti chicken nuggets I thought he
was joking under 120 here we go I cannot
even describe how sick is here I've been
the worst blogger since we've arrived at
the snow because I haven't filmed
anything at all because I've just been
getting back into it getting used to it
teaching Sean she was having this first
time on the slopes and stuff
Sean and I have been boarded and pretty
separate to everyone else but we just
met with everyone grabbed a beer grab
some food and stuff and then they've all
headed back out Sean and I still still
drinking our pints we're about to meet
up with them any minute now
start spreading those how's it going man
yeah
definitely getting the hang of it which
is good is it harder or easier than what
you thought I knew it was gonna be hard
but every time I spoke to someone about
snowboarding they're like you've never
been before you know I having less it
yeah that's true cuz Sean hasn't had a
lesson when I first went I went for a
week with school so obviously we had
lessons the whole time everyone has is
so hard and people related to skateboard
people not beat your skateboard so you
gonna be it's not that similar because
you'll go inside like you can go forward
with you guys sideways as well when it's
like very varied feel two wheels yeah
like obviously I'm sure skateboarding
helps but it's not like you can't
skateboard now you can snowball kind of
thing guys it is so hot that could took
off my snowboard jacket this glue and
then I put down here and this was just
soaking wet or sweat like it just so so
hot I wish I didn't bring my jacket I
wish I just bought like a hoodie instead
of this but have you know got some cream
Oh Jim had some a minute ago I also
realized I do look completely like an
egg with this medium it's just such
amazing light in tomorrow we need to
bring your camera
get some instagrams I'm gonna try and
start filming some GoPro footage in a
minute now I've got my GoPro with me and
I bought me two I know but how I got my
drone with me now not only my dredge
with my drones at the chalet inside but
I have got my drone with me every time I
travel guys every time I go away within
Europe or somewhere fairly close and
left this morning and by one o'clock
lunchtime Sean had already rented gear I
had already bought new gloves we checked
into a chalet got changed and and it's
an hour and a half away from the airport
our chalet and arrived at the slopes by
one o'clock lunchtime like normally buy
one at lunchtime I've gotten up have
breakfast edited the vlog and then done
a couple of little jobs but it's three
o'clock now this morning we were in
Brighton why do we not do this more
hiyee it's so good and everyone's having
such a sick time I know Siwon and I are
only here now - Lian lost and odds-on so
he had to down his point my GoPro just
keeps on saying SD card error so dunno
what to do I don't know ever the files
are like saving or not but I film a
video and then I going to turn it off
and then it just says SD card error I
don't want to film with this because if
I drop this brand-new camera that I
bought this morning I'm gonna be gutted
guys see after us we finished up on the
slopes for the day we all ordered
lasagnas at quarter to five not
realizing that the last lift down the
slope was at five o'clock
we literally ate it in like two minutes
burning on that stop it in our faces and
now we just come to the shop now to grab
some beers are you buying everyone all
the drinks tonight would you be what a
picture this oh that's cute that's like
you and her oh hello mate josh is
pretending I'm buying him everything
guys I'm not buying Josh anything you
know it is oh you look like a proper
sick snowboarder man look you gonna wear
these I'm surprised these aren't supreme
they do supreme ones I've just got back
everyone's got changed we're gonna head
out to the pub in a minute that's where
it isn't that sort out Maki way everyone
is buzzing for the pub wait what is he
doing try to mate
boy hey everyone's just had a couple of
drinks and we're just heading out now
they don't know everyone's gone to a bar
or a pub it's still light doesn't it
feel that 8 p.m. or something what's the
time like past 6:00
not even that and UK time is an hour
behind so it's actually off plus five
come as it's only 5:30 in the UK doesn't
it yeah 8 p.m. or something this is
where we're going
bloomin heck is busy we're playing that
game we have to work out what the rule
of the game is Markus and Leon don't
know what the rule of the game
why is this Leon's just poor everyone a
tequila shot thank you so much oh my god
put some salt on that off the floor just
cleaning it right ultracal market is
back or they haven't buy that I'm joking
just going to bed oh I was just ending
my blog Leon come in the morning guys
don't forget to comment like it
subscribe
shut up today goes to I'll see you in
the morning
what's going on Joe and why is your bed
I really come here
I push against the wall
good night boys I don't know when I'm
gonna get on steady this vlog because
we're getting picked up tomorrow morning
at 9 a.m.
snowboarding so I'm probably not gonna
get chance to edit or upload these wast
I'm here so you may be seeing this a
little bit late give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it guys I'll see you
in the morning good morning guys good
morning
it's day 2 and the slopes that I've
realized because we're going to bed so
late at night and get on up so early in
the morning I guess not in a clock at
the moment were already out in the town
yeah I am kind of down that time to turn
to edit and upload the vlog every day so
it's probably all going to be just
mushed into one blog and uploaded when
we get home or something
oh are you feeling good wow you did
drink quite a bit last night you were
the last one drink Indian teas and then
he got home for his last one and when
can't drink the rest
yeah we're walking back with my left on
the bow large part of it is that the
reason I stopped drinking when I was
younger because I did I don't know where
nuts enough yeah well it's hard to
certain drinks because beers and stuff I
feel do kick in but stuff like G please
and that you're fine and then you're
like whoa okay I need to stop that
you've already had another one since
then I feel fine today those have been
cold yeah really good as well I found it
hard and art but now I've had a shower
and I today I'm still reads really weird
on the sleeps he does does no hello mate
more then yes Marcus good shout this is
the one isn't it yes Marcus
it's a blooming lovely day today super
super excited to get back on the slopes
I don't know I'm gonna try and shoot
some stuff on this camera and my GoPros
and stuff I've got to go Perez with me
but but they keep on playing up the SD
guards the charge in the batteries I'm
gonna try and get some good stuff be
today but it's hard to shoot good
footage when you're on a snowboard and
you need to concentrate and you're
trying to film somebody else on the
snowboard who also needs to concentrate
we've been riding for a couple of hours
we've changed mountains we got a ski
lift to another mountain and just taking
off my gloves everyone's gone ahead to
set from me and Shaun and they're gonna
try and vlog whilst snowboard in need to
tie my gloves for my bag somehow and
then I'm gonna try and vlog while
snowboarding on my normal vlog camera my
g7x which I'm a little bit worried about
because I am I don't want to drop it in
the snow because it's brand new and I
don't want to break it all right there's
my gloves are you ready are you ready
obviously this isn't the most wide-angle
camera like filming on a GoPro or
something as I've told you guys my GoPro
keeps on messing up so I am
so I'm filming on this this is tricky
I need to watch where I'm going but I
also want to get a good shot that fast
kicking off they call me mister car I'm
gonna get you up in a car very this is
just bloody amazing and this is so so
good I'm sorry that this vlog is a
little bit different than my normal
vlogs but I'm on holiday and instead of
stead of taking the time off to relax on
holiday like a normal job a normal
person I am I want to get all the
footage for you I want to have fun and I
want you guys to see and come along with
us but obviously we're snowboarding so
I've got to concentrate on the snowboard
and it's not like because I'm not
because I'm not amazing
so if I concentrate too much on getting
nice footage in nice shot so I'm
probably gonna fall over
that right there is the life barbecue
all your friends snowboarding and skiing
no it's really windy but I haven't got
one of those things on it yeah come in
somewhere like this makes me want to
just come away for more short break if
there's anywhere in Europe you think I
should go comment down below
all cheering lay in our having a couple
of drinks about your neck scale of one
to ten he tried to do an ollie
they've snowboarding's over we're just
heading back down now as I get
snowboarding on the ball
board the last was really fun you know
me just doing headed up jumps yeah it's
good snowboarding get everybody in good
sit though I'm a if you're not in the
rug then you understand if you link in
the description you don't talk in the
block I don't link you Marxist Gavigan
there's a nice piece we've just got back
I've got changed and I'm feeling so much
better
I was so wet because if you've been
snowboarding or your snowboard or your
ski you will know that some snowboarders
sit down to do their bindings up some
snowboarders stand up to their bindings
up I've been sitting down the whole tip
so far and that means sitting on wet
snow and ice so my ass has been so wet
that my boxers my tracksuit bottoms I've
been wearing underneath my trousers my
snowboarding trousers the bottom of my
t-shirt soaking wet and freezing cold
obviously I stopped doing that about two
hours before we finish snowboarding game
changer so much better then you get a
wet bum
right just sitting on the balcony
everyone else is inside getting ready I
got ready super super quickly so that I
can get some drone shots just getting
the drone out now before we go and
before we go out tonight
this drone is just so good it's so
pocket-sized
I think I've got a couple of good shots
I didn't want to fly it too far away I
didn't want to be annoying people who
lived nearby we've been flying over
their houses making noise and stuff
this is Rapids when you come out with
the lean machines thank you so much all
right so I don't know when I last blogs
we were probably in a bar having a few
drinks and stuff and then we left the
bar myself Dom Jim and Shawn left by
everyone else they're still drinking
snowboard boots bindings board and a bag
happy I got vegetable soup nachos and
Leon's gone thank you so much
gosh pick it up know we're walking home
everyone just got ice creams and just
your structures Leon and Joshua about to
have a race back he's out good morning
guys good morning I didn't even end the
vlog last night look at my tan stupidly
didn't was some cream mister sunblock
whatever
Oh
such an idiot I never ever ever burn
when I go on holiday but I think it's
because the altitude in the reflection
off the snow and now I'm left with this
literally livid look at that ridiculous
hit the slopes today
Marcus is having a propagate I'm kind of
haven't blogged for the last two days
completely forgot just enjoyed the time
chilled out did a ton of snowboarding
and we're just leaving now half the boys
have already left in the first van
the second man has come in any minute to
pick us out
okay
