just receive this in the post I've just
opened it as I said Zoe I wanted to open
it on camera because it is absolutely
ridiculous
I like I just still come out of beach in
Ibiza because I'm wearing I just trapped
this example because I have no problem
you're wearing yeah I'm gonna face my
I'd like to pay right you ready yeah
all right have a lucky dip painting LCA
is for both of us
it can only imagine how they feel their
wife is not always it is why did it
sound of it I did not take another one
me take another one I didn't ordered it
the company wanted to send it on his
loan look like what are these are long
wait there's another one well our eyes
are watering look at them oh my gosh for
what thank you very much I'll wait with
our lecture with that I'm reloading for
okay honey sunny Pig ah hi athlete we
want to say thank you for featuring our
mystery boxes in your recent live
streams Alex you know in your box of
eggs with or what better way to do this
than immortalizing use Orion Allah on
two missions enjoy and thank you darling
Cara what's the mission
apparently one of these look at that one
I think we should actually like keep
from tonnison kids it all of these right
I look like et all right
you look like is it hey on the whatever
guys beside his head like the American
girl she's in her sleep thank you very
much by box this museum
a great start to the day oh no no it's
you
if you know that all right let me go and
get the other one then what's gonna
happen if I use you yes mummy
hi no no she's too smart
good morning guys good morning we're
back in the car at the moment which is
heading off to go trampoline and Daniel
Bethany a book to go to a toddler is it
to Abner a toddler trampoline like
bouncing session and we're heading off
to meet in there I don't know identical
going to be allowed in because there's
because there's kind of four adults and
one table I kind of defeats it absorb we
being a toddler bouncing session
that's hot so braces that's incest
pattern ethic so I'm just driving there
now so that half now let's drive away
you guys know the one we've got there
all the time in the blog we've just
arrived myself definitely killing
Bethany comp out because obviously she's
pregnant so that wouldn't be good
jumping in the baby around give birth on
the complete though it's funny over
there where no kids are bouncing
and daniel river somewhere else
so over there bouncing i don't want to
film over there just because there's so
many different parish you might not want
to be on youtube hello out there keeps
climbing
there you go mister welcome home thank
you so much we just got home i didn't
really film too much whilst we were
there but Covidien want to film as i
told you in the last clip I didn't want
to film everybody else for their
children that's not really sorry
something to YouTube is now what you do
it time to make some lunch what do you
have in I'm going back a picture break
so now I'm going to go good old chum or
so no no one Scottish summon hillock a
feel a a feeling of Sam who knows with
some vibrant whole wheat noodles and
vegetable stir-fry salmon and veggies
this smells so good time for the taste
test because as you know last time I
pitched every couple of days ago or was
it yesterday and it was get that
satellite two days ago
I'll burn care hmm this one's much
better look what we're doing guys we're
recording a new episode of zappy sins
why did I sound like a commentator as
long as so much I could commentate just
that yesterday for you we're recording
for right now as soon as we finish
recording I'm going to edit it and
upload it so then unevenly number like
go check out yesterday's action I cannot
even tell you how much in Russian to get
this image video up is currently 609
logs been live since 5 o'clock that was
all on time okay I'm just about to start
editing the Sims video now we had to go
to episodes once watched more ways
snowboarding on Saturday we've got
Daniel Bethany River
Holly poppy and Sean arrived in any
minute we told him to all come over a
six o'clock ten minutes past 6:00
no one's here yeah but I still need to
edit this Sims video is always also not
fit into well I don't know if I've told
you guys in the blogs
but ever since we've been away and Bry
Zoe just hasn't been too well but she'd
just been feeling quite ill and Josiah
stomach has been a bit weird and stuff
and she spoke to Joe about on the phone
the other day and brother Joe and he
said that he's got the exact same thing
which is weird like I don't know if he's
too little
like just happens that both siblings
I've got the same thing at the moment
but she's been pushing through still
going like so I'm gonna wear me Jen's
coming along to the trampoline pots and
everything like that but I think filming
Sims for an hour just now was like she's
asleep on the bed upstairs she was like
I'm going to go into the light now I'm
not feeling too good and then I just
went upstairs now she's fast asleep so I
don't know how much she was going to be
joining everyone tonight I just thought
I'd give you guys a heads up because um
she might not be in a book too much she
might be she could let you wake up in
this map and feel much better
but um she hasn't been feeling well
since right so so she could just be she
could be asleep much to seem you know
it's a little bit later on than when I
last blocked we've got we've got a busy
old house we've got poppy and Shaun here
we've got Holly you've got Daniel
Bethenny board or River and then we've
just bought this over what to look in
they're making a film they're a gin and
tonic each I'm so excited
this looks so sick holy it's going to
take over my love for this one so much
today how many that I was Holly I'm
Blair II I'm Larry hi I'm Larry my
youtube channel ping and I love it we'll
have we have a completely blog by
herself she never the on button is she
turns macam around appointment as well
everyone's dinners just arrived with a
Shana my order from a different place
but I write like half an hour ago to
avoid eating a la dinner it's just these
guys this button
these guys are heading off now you ever
get timing right then I'm so gone so
good we need to come back up yeah how do
you not fear him it doesn't yeah oh my
gosh it next time could be could be
awfully cute this is going to be the
last clip of the vlog poppy and Shawn
and sewing the only ones left
Holly's gone home the youngers have gone
back or not back to that home because
that's not the hidden Scotland but
they've gone back to their DMV in
Brighton and I've just remembered that
I've got probably on a present about I
didn't ever put it I bought it for them
like what the heck is it maybe like a
month ago they're like I've hidden it so
that they can see it but I've hidden it
so I don't know where it it there it is
sit with each other in close your eyes
no look in we want it in the hand it's
not an acid references
close your eyes on there you go guys
what what the fuck is that
it's feature is GG you guys been
watching these vlogs for a long time you
know that obvious you don't always joke
about having a dog GG which they don't
have they do want a dog and they're
going to call it Chi Chi I saw this
online chichi love and it's a toy dog
that comes over how to Acme guchigi you
know if you like it GG he can't breathe
quick pop wait misses
and you've got a free handbag box rather
this is you and Shawn please tell that
snowboard in might know the kid you're
going down the slopes like me wait I
just let me get my dream camera alright
guys I'm going to leave the vlog here
because we we've got a car picking us up
at 3:45 in the morning to go
snowboarding
so vlog starting tomorrow are going to
be with like there's ten of us boys
going ten youtubers I think they think
of one there may be a teachers out of
ten youtube source or and we get picked
up it's 11:30 now never 11:40 a.m. in
now you have to like it that is four
hours five minutes I need to pack I need
to find my passport needs what my
cameras and my drone on charge I need to
edit this vlog basically I'm not gonna
sleep I'm just going to stay awake and
then I am I'll see you in tomorrow's
vlog which is kind of in a couple of
hours I'll see you like two hours guys
today's notification shadow goes to this
person thank you so much as always
subscribe if you're not already give the
video a thumbs up and I'll see ya see
you tomorrow in that guy
okay
