I may have made this a little bit too
big but it's incredible it's time to
edit yesterday's daily vlog hey this is
what yesterday's vlog we're back here
again good morning good morning how you
doing
I still got my broken camera why don't
you pick it on the tripod that would be
an amazing idea I can just put you guys
on there I'm just editing this vlog now
and what I thought was about to be a
brilliant amazing idea definitely wasn't
because the screen is broken and all you
can hear is like this for the next ten
minutes of clips so I'm so sorry I'm
going to do everything I possibly can to
get a new camera today or tomorrow
morning first thing at the airport but
just bear with me with this vlog because
there was quite a lot of clicking noises
going on whenever we're filming in the
car because the camera is so broken I'm
sorry just wanted to warn ya before your
comment so what the bloody hell is all
that clicking hey there we go there we
go today we're off to go and have lunch
with Robbie and Shaun and Daniel and
Bethany and River when we went to
Scotland we hung out with friends of
ours called Daniel and Bethany and
they're down in Brighton just put ours
today they've come down for a couple of
days like a little holiday so I love to
go and hang out with them we're going to
a Newton and that's what in town it's
even though joint
it's either new or is just being
reopened or something
and then you look really cool I've only
seen one picture Barcelona and anything
one pitch would be inside of this place
and it looks like litter so the picture
this morning and a message won't be like
cool white we're going there for lunch
today we're going to laser looks
incredible so we're going to go and test
it out today that's already 1:00 p.m. by
the way guys hi
yeah I've started going this way this is
my new room looking like this
you ready you're going to use this right
now on and Barcelona do flushable simple
you got some glasses yeah you see that
yeah that was better I know that I was
good we've lived in that house for a few
years now
lovely consequences later enjoyable
beneficial somehow managed to park
literally outside like when does that
even happen to Brighton this is where
we're going today the Red Rooster
your this looks sick yeah this is cool
hey I don't what was it called - no it
was it what was it what was this drink
called
new precision there we go and they
Fouchet what from a sensation display
it's based on pure sugar
I'm not on our coffee sorry what things
are so hard double maybe shake go on
making shake thank you so much oh so
it's good - Rose I'm nobody Instagram
yet you've only taken 16 images of that
I long for a chicken Kiev kind of looks
a little bit more like a chicken nugget
or a chicken wing sure said I've got one
chicken no get an event sharp look much
larger to go
ready me do you watching this video
literally looks like I put a jacket on
drop Daniel Bethany and River off drop
Zoey off and carried on driving that's
not what happened at all
I went home for like three hours so I
downloaded stuff that we need to sort
out like insurance mush snowboarding
checking that I've got everything that I
need the snowboarding tide in the house
Hoover in sorting out a family holiday
in the future a ton of stuff but now
jump back in the car I've driven to town
and about stomach probably and Shaun and
do a little bit of shopping I don't
really know what exactly it's just not
really that nice because it's just quite
a nice day it was a nice day it's all
right
it's not great it's all right that's
what we're doing I'm also well aware
that whenever I say that's what we're
doing or we're doing this I mean me and
you watching this video I don't mean end
it like I'm not I'm not with anyone else
I just mean me and you guys
we have a problem
I'm getting absolutely rinsed or wearing
this jacket lift off bye love ya quit
flat hips hexagons that's what they were
proper hexagon but these maybe Phillip
put those ones on
yeah all right no more yeah China came
to town at the worst time everything's
closing forgot that during the weekdays
seven Thursday's everything closes super
super early so we are walking around but
most of the stuff is closed I also
remembered that one of the main reasons
why came into town was to bring in my
film camera to get my films yeah the
good air we've got my camera
definitely won the main reason so I came
in so I'm gonna have to do that tomorrow
or maybe when I get back from
snowboarding or something last minute
snowboarding bits just having a look in
this climbing shop ship which is
anything that we haven't we haven't got
that we need hobbies buying all the
candles cheese how many buy in
do you want your dinner coming in let's
go get your dinner
are you ready done in good girl then
that's probably my favorite thing that
we've ever trained to is to wait and not
eat her dinner until we tell us you can
eat it so cute
everyday she sits there she sighed yeah
and goes okay have a good day stalking
yeah yeah yeah and I'm not quite
finished yet so don't panic good ring
you know in our room is over I'm
incredibly all blooming our beddings out
there isn't it need to test to see how
good the bedding actually is okay it's
really good it's good it's really is my
favorite kind isn't that well it's like
this kind of material
I find the softer bedding you get but
this isn't very soft it's very like then
I you can hear such scratchy the softer
the more fluffy the bedding the hotter
it is at night and I get so hot and
night after I open the window and stuff
so so I find this kind of been in the
best anyways why am I even telling you
this I'm going to go far we just sat
down to read the comments on the new
vlog it's been up for an hour and 10
minutes and one of the top comments is
from Mark
Boyle and it reads can you please read
this because it's my birthday that's it
so Mark Boyle if you're watching hope
you had a lovely birthday yesterday I
see your comment and thank you so much
for the support thank you for watching
the videos and everything so you had a
fantastic day so many comments are
saying that with Cottle's goals out
there just couples goals you you took my
favorite couple ever I've also got your
notifications turned on I'm just going
to shout out the notification shoutout
for today goes to sug theory and their
pictures a picture of Joe their comments
as out via just couples goals and Alfie
I've your notifications all turned on if
you're watching sub very thank you very
much all to the sport and I love your
handle as well
I can't believe Zoe didn't start singing
open up the gates from frozen and Alfie
said he had to open up the cap 31 views
and 735 likes that's what I'm talking
about you guys are so crazy so powerful
you
- bird only loaded up apparently 31
views into the video yet there was 735
likes crazy thank you so much for always
smashing that like button when are you
guys going to have kids
guys I'm not ready for kids yet I still
feel like I'm a big kid myself let's see
what we've got for dinner tonight
mark is coming oh I haven't told you
what we're doing tonight tonight in
Brighton we've got a private screening
of Beauty and the Beast I don't know I
feel like I'm still allowed to say what
I thought of it when I went to go and
see you when I went to the premiere the
other day in London I had to sign that
what's called an MDA source a
non-disclosure form and it basically
means that you're not allowed to talk
about at all what you experienced to do
with the NBA and the NDA was obviously
to do with seeing the movie so I'm not
allowed to talk I mean of all I'm going
to say is that I'm seeing it again so
therefore you I'm not saying what I
think of it but you can gather we'll
think of it because I'm going to see it
for a second time and this time it's a
private screening in Brighton that they
put on for us and it's me Zoe
poppy Sean and mum dad my cousin is a
mark Daniel Bethany so we went for lunch
with early might be coming anyone else
whole family Mark cousin is the Daniel
Bethany River I think that's it we've
got like a cinema all to ourselves
viewing it they have to have a security
there just to make sure that we have
film anything or we don't leak any
information about it my biggest crush
ever is emma watson and taylor swift
equally and I'm about to do it to the
cinema to have Emma Watson sing to me
for a couple of hours what more could
you want
what more could you want well having my
whole family there as well that make it
sick and that's recession anyways again
excited and I need to cook dinner Marcus
on his way that he's going to be here
any minute and I don't think I don't say
Mark Eaton has a
so so I'm going to make myself mark
enjoy some dinner bud you are
why are you doing are you doing that all
good no you're doing you're having me we
had a fixed set jobs it's not gonna be
not I still tell you what's happening
why cuz I was trying to a while well you
looked and I just got back from work are
we always done every job analysis I know
that new I expect as the other day I
needed ice I needed glasses so like yeah
every time I see mark he's more and more
and more tanned and he's trying to tell
me so you guys in a holiday every time I
don't see him
where have you been this time for basil
he's picking a couple of places one of
them is Barbados though he's not here
yet she's still out in Adana that
never-fail way I'm sorry yeah me and you
have trusted will stink oxygen our guys
every part of it sorry pit lane and he
does it is my zone we're trying to have
dinner I rejoice out in of a kind of
didn't have enough time boy cooked it
all but we have not completed it kind of
just sitting on the side at home I'm
gonna cook and now I know that cinema
remote based on
double-double a denim double that denim
get that double denim out
guys I'm just bullying papi because
she's been bullying me all day for my
nasty jackets and I'm about to take off
and Houston come in and stuff like that
we're off with picture on a papi backup
elite she looks like I've just been in
town all day hey hey office and meet him
I've already told you in it instead of
on fender thank you they're your family
the films just finished I have like
everyone who went got given a rose
Mama's just stolen all of the mums now
got a bunch of roses from Disney they
wanted every seat mom just go say hi I'm
buzzes and the dead goldfish that we
used to have and old cat was really good
guys that's really good we've just got
home now and this part of the sofa is so
warm
nyle is obviously been asleep there the
whole time yeah it's weird why was she
over here when she's got her bed in
their bed the sofa by the radiator she
loved God she would have been like I'm
on like you guys I'm watching the whole
house whilst mom and dad are out as you
know
wait just before before I start to cook
in what did you think
yeah yeah I asked the woman there's a
woman there who is from Disney and I
asked our manager I'm sorry by not
giving you enough attention yet I asked
the woman if I'm allowed to tell you
guys what I think of that and apparently
I am so I'm allowed to say it's sick so
so good
it is not out until it's now till Friday
definitely urge you guys to go check it
out I'm like yeah sugar earlier the dog
you conclude you are so tan okay right
I've got to carry on making dinner
because this is how far I got before we
left to cook the sausages and then I
kind of didn't get chance to do any of
the cauliflower any of the pasta and if
they're always okay I found a better
tomato sauce so I'm going to make a
pasta bake and sausage as well so he
ended up cooking up tonight's dinner
it's got sausage bacon passion
everything from potatoes corn flour but
there's a video that went super viral on
Facebook
I think she's Japanese playing a game
and I don't know the name of the game
because it's in Japanese and it's just
gone super big in the app shop right in
their App Store it looks like this
basically what it does is it and it
plays the game to do with your voice so
I just want to give them an example
first just before I let Zoey film so the
game looks like this
yo yo yo yo yo yo yo ah ha ha listen to
you nice its market I've just been
playing it together and it's so funny
the words with the noises that
collective is not like you
are you with me
first I was like right right right right
right Josh just just might don't
remember Dumbo you're like damn damn
damn duck yeah ah it was the way you
would like almost like a lot
yo yeah my god Oh Josh my gosh yeah
yep yeah yep that was good oh yeah yeah
yeah yo yo here we go here we go now yo
yo yo here we go here we go one time
yeah it was a high school 91
oh right no yes dad okay oh my god is
just so crazy I just like hearing the
noises that everyone makes
I'm sorry hospital doctor go to five
pitch knowledge literate to inner self
yeah yo buddy
should we get bed come on bucks just
gone home just about to get into bed and
go to sleep cuz I am the end in the blog
today because I've been forgetting so
much recently to end the vlog just let's
brush my teeth put my braces in and go
to bed thank you so much for the love
and support recently guys if you've
enjoyed this vlog give it a big thumbs
up subscribe if you're not already turn
on my notifications because I shut up
one of you guys every single day has my
notification sent on and comment down
below let's try something new today
instead of just comment and said that
you've got my notifications on comment
saying you've got my notifications on
but also leave a question and every
single day during the blog at some point
I will answer one of your questions as
well as shout you out yeah I'm going to
get suit now I'll catch you in the
morning
on the plane
