I've got a wonderful my people just
almost yes you're right
you obviously thought that was me oh my
gosh good morning guys good morning how
you doing today go glossary and now
you're logging yeah because I wanted to
get out the house because basically oh
I'm trying to start the car I put in my
foot and that's how you start you just
the start button and we've had a busy
old morning full of meetings for the
phone calls the lists Skype calls for
the video editing full of vlog editing
full of not going on social media that's
not what we're doing because we're still
in the red out zone right now yesterday
for you
red out there in Oulu got my gosh yeah
yeah and these my new one you know I
know it's speculative that I needed
glasses I mean I didn't really need
glasses and we're about to drive to a
food shop them because as you know we've
just got back from a zillion different
trips
okay now Coldplay shut up so we've got
no food in the fridge however why okay
so you hold this I'll talk however and
we do actually only need to open the
gates
Robinette was again also saying you've
lost my flow now and
what you are along there and what was it
going to say however we're going food
shopping but I'm actually going
snowboarding on Thursday
yeah but I'm having girl time so yeah
the number back to normal now hope
you're excited normal dogs 5:00 p.m.
every single day and yes a blooming
lovely day today they show them the sky
who are skylight is that what it's
called
that's your nostril it's a nice word but
look how nice the weather is like a
phoenix all good now all the way if I
got any brothers bats in the cave
no actually Alan you met Alfie mess like
the best thing like that would have for
sure being some now entitle with you to
call me fallen over this model oh yeah
you just wouldn't let like I got really
excited about I got really excited about
something that came in the post I
slipped you ain't going to do that house
could look at the back of the car on
this side Alfie Alfie I know what's in
it this is my Alfie crashes the car
what's great then oh he's own absolute
legend you did it well done out of that
will mention crazy over there how can
you forget new cameras on the road gun
and why haven't I bought a new camera
you tell everyone why haven't you bought
a new camera with every time abandoned
camera everyone bullies me for buying so
many new camera yes maybe you buy a new
one of this one the one that's broken
that you use everyday the world actually
use a new Canon camera I'm not going to
say the name of a common Apple as it was
goodbyes then I'll sell ours in a world
of to get a new Canon camera coming out
next month and it is going to be the
best blogging camera ever but it's not
out yet so I'm trying to wait and is I'm
trying to wait out for that one because
these vlogging cameras are so expensive
however I just don't if I can do it
because this this one that you're that
you're using right now
I mean it's so broken so so broke I mean
you might have to defecate and I'm
serious
you might have to just tape it down the
whole screen is like some guys can put
out with some loci Joe definitely if
there's no water with that one
no maybe I'll use all we've got busy or
carbon up here maybe I'll have to use my
arm my GoPros want to go snowboarding
yeah so not always about them line all
of it just a bit when I'm on the slope
yeah I'm not fan of GoPro I don't like
white angle like I just I can't watch
wide angle logs I don't know why I like
to feel really close to the people I was
logging I like I like look how crooked
my teeth that I need to get visit like
man hey I got my braces it I like to
feel close to the people of logging so I
prefer active like I'm doing ankle angle
whoa I thought you weren't going to
break that and I always like I'm
actually such a good plan we're going to
wait trace we heard that this is just
such a long pointless yes me with I
lightly on uncle bit flogged no she
knows you go get that she was a blog and
then I'm like I don't blog hockey blogs
and she goes okay a frog or whatever it
is we're gonna forget dear my work log
is like to get rid of like yourself to
flog
and you say that I don't know why I'm
vlogging to you on your camera - oh yeah
ask you to perceived you know but this
is all that you're going to hate editing
there why not just one it through your
footage I'm to leave it all in no you
can't why because we film things you
don't want to end I'll leave it in
that's fine I trust these guys they'll
up my pals my buddies okay well with a
to a tree say see you later
all right thank you
your forehead Zuri's over there buyin
you run a plant you bind a bit of
implant because there is mint plant shop
in I'm sushi shop then this is what I'm
talking about guys it's going to sell
some lunch
we've done all of our shopping super
successful it looks like it's bad from
here but trust me is yeah all the fruit
and veg is the first couple of miles and
then the last aisle is chocolate exactly
so guys trust me is 95% health bait
you're just seeing the worst of it on
the top the chocolate aisles all right
at the end I'm beginning to realize just
how broken this camera actually is
everyone's videos has just gone live
there was the maddest upload I've ever
seen on YouTube from one group of people
ever like at 6:00 p.m. today readout
finished 47 minutes ago everyone's
videos went live literally like 25 new
videos at one second in everyone
subscriptions box you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I uploaded two videos
in one I've looked Saturday and Sunday I
was on holiday like a little trip to Rye
with my entire family Zoey mom dad poppy
Shaun both dogs and I put it into one
super long video and uploaded that yes
to this you haven't seen that go check
it out I'll leave a link down below and
go check it out so busy old evening in
the YouTube world you're tired over
there you sleepy as you'll probably know
by now I'm going to snowboarding on a
Thursday so if somehow got to find my
snowboard I can literally have no idea
where is in this shed which is full and
I mean full just completely of all pit
bulls and some recycling and more
recycling and more bull pit bulls and
more bull bleep Bulls
luckily I'm trying to find a few days in
advance and I don't need it for actually
tonight guys I just moved this pillow
and that's there it's in the corner over
there how I'm on oh all I'm saying is
that this is definitely covered in
spiders and if you know me you will know
how much I hate spiders dilemma neck
literally haven't open this in two years
hey my jacket my trousers my boots my
other boot and my fresh baby my board my
board that I bought two years ago and
I've never actually used oh my gosh my
padded shorts for when I fall over and
smash my ass on the ice and of course my
goggles my good old goggles I don't even
remember what these look like he's ready
he's ready to go boarding now let's get
it do you do I'm actually so gloomy
excited this is going to be so sick but
tonight for dinner
though and I bought ingredients later on
to make a little surprise
taste that right actually it's been a
pretty big surprise do you want some of
this are you actually can do your own
one hmm I don't know honestly I think
you just put that night and that in a
pan but I've got a few more coffee Tanya
whenever I've been with Thai and she
loves to make a stir-fry with these
Dutch your Gannett Waitrose King born
yeah she goes so that's exactly brought
Tarn if you're watching i'm stayed in
you're still in your recipes hmm I don't
know because I bought this thinking that
we would use this together around a lot
to do I don't why not why don't we do
this and there yeah and then we split
into half and you had your bits nyah bit
and then you can use your basically he's
always having a halloumi and I'm having
king prawns yes because all in that and
then we split it into two pounds and you
add your halloumi and your fruity and
vibrant sweet and sour sauce and I'm
going to add my king prawns - we'll save
this for my salmon tomorrow look up the
LA fridges oh my gosh this makes me so
happy
this is literally my favorite
they're saying that to be obvious of em
are you happy the bridge
cuz now we can actually cook dinners
rather than nothing to light or to take
aways or cook rubbish again this is like
so much good quality food that was
making good dinner egg noodles have just
gone in the halloumi is cooking up as
well little bit milky when you cook it
like this normally cook at the George
Foreman a little pointy boys in there
now what makes it fun and willing to do
anything first those when it's washed oh
I'm not sure what makes the pull on a
kink or what makes it a normal form and
in less so may or may not have burn my
dinner so that's not the important day
the important thing is whether it still
tastes good hopefully it does though it
looks incredibly delicious let our
vibrant that looks a mine is kind of
just like more or less Orban except from
the problem the boards on burn is just
kind of the badge because I fully cook
the vegetal the noodles and then added
the prawns some kind of like double
cooked everything else is set from the
bones mmm this comber is so down broke
and I'm going to try and all your new
one before we go snowboarding it's like
honestly if you can see what I'm having
to be on where the house I hanging
together much look this one little
doggie yes thank you
we're currently watching broadchurch
this is episode number three if you're
not watching will judge what are you
doing honestly what you're doing it is
so good it's quite scary it's quite like
if you're not really into like the
religion would you say it's really it's
not the happiest compounds but in the
trauma detective yeah drama yes I could
detective drama kind of thing if you
like that kind of thing you need to
watch it it's so good
just bring knowledge to bed she's
already getting used to sleeping in her
bed but a blanket like a sloth I should
go a little bit cold a girl a little
face and that baby new bed is at the
bottom of our bed she's kind of like a
little baby we're trying to gradually
ease her out sleeping in our bed with us
and into sleeping in her own bed but if
she sleeps downstairs and she wakes up
at like super super early barking for us
to come get out bed to start burning her
to bed at the bottom of our bed seems to
be working so far it really really seems
to be working
okay hey Connor
back
