good morning guys good morning
how you doing just woken up like
literally five minutes ago four minutes
past 11:00 and running just waking up to
those weather is a little bit different
yesterday's all the people in that
treehouse can see me standing here in my
boxes it's not actually very cold today
by the way that's pretty nice it just
looks really misty and foggy Zoey's in
they're having breakfast sorry
turn round now I know whoa she thinks I
wanted to come over here
I've got that on my camera now I don't
know it did but they're not strong
enough to delete that footage now
I was only saying to our monks on
zooming in on you while she were eating
your breakfast oh I didn't say come over
here a meanie at the camera
get your boobies out that's recalled
yeah it was actually it's not very cold
outside have you been out it's really
nice yeah it's a deep soap yeah oh yeah
salmon Bellinis for breakfast right time
to get in the hot tub
we've got like an hour and 10 minutes
until we need to get out of here it's 40
degrees that is the goal in life have
you got your bikini on we left these out
yesterday outside from when we were in
the hot tub and that you get a Jaden
well I didn't let you get to get changed
there and they're still wet and cold
from yesterday and there's nothing worse
than putting on wench
quick get James there to jump in there
is nothing worse than putting on wet
swim and drunk
we're so cold so I did mine you take
yours they are
oh my god it's hot oh my god
no sorry is so what is burning my legs
holy crap oh nice the dream look tough
is that the dream there's a little sin
oh my god is that burning my leg right
now it's recommended a week one sit
straight down I'm gonna waive oxygen is
really people in the place extra finger
on it is nice I look like
what I just look like my eyes like what
about them casual just lighting it
why evident in today's vlog has been so
sexual for actually moon it the camera
then you're getting changed and now your
eyes look like the joint you know when
they're really tight in place together
and they look like they've been super
good shot and then you had to open them
other hand as head today sort of like
that makes me really you not now this is
my favorite kind of like it's just as
Robbie how are you not quit we're
another we are amping up all those young
people who liver they're good
this is like every morning guys from now
on we're just going every morning I'm
just going to get in a hot tub have some
orange juice in my breakfast you wish
yeah the issues that we don't have
hooked up and we don't even have orange
juice every morning we can boil into
strategy right commentary we don't have
laugh or if you strap would you go we
have orange gee we don't normally go
tell me cuz I got that just try out
necessary know when I was younger use
ever orange juice apple juice every
morning hi yeah did you mix it together
no orange I thought I'd be my orange and
apple and then I like cartons our
parents are there like coughing living
on end like this Mullenix breakfast
it's being assembled it does now some is
not improper is it ready yeah
along with me out of this room in our
yeah the pages yeah dude I need to get
dressed under which means you can talk
okay when we got lunch farewell goodbye
we're just packing everything up what I
spray the box off oh my gosh imagined
thumbs like the doors want to come to
help us send us to need sent us to say
goodbye farewell goodbye goodbye see you
soon hopefully the boat wishes food TV
goodbye fire goodbye goodbye bedroom -
bye Zoey see later
- did you go to a party yeah we just
packed up all the rough stuff jumped in
the car we're actually in a car park by
the tree houses so we're now going to
drive over to the main entrance and pay
for the room and everything a people the
food you've had and then it just opened
up a new cookery school which I believe
we are coming to it is like in my diary
we booked it now I just watching this
all the time to arrange when we're
trying to get a date in the diary with
poppy and Shaun as well and there's a
couple of different cooking experiences
they do here it's like brand new it
literally launched like three or four
days ago and the concrete school set up
set up a lunch for us which is really
really nice to have just pull well that
is a lot of water to have just before we
leave so we're just going to go and pay
the bill and everything then we're going
to head over to the M cookery school and
have some lunch then it's time to head
home where we going up here
so we've just set with the bill and paid
for everything the members of Sophia are
always so friendly and so lovely if you
guys are watching by any chance thank
you so much for always having such an
amazing service and I think that is
hence quartz here amazing service and
stuff we're now indoor tennis court
didn't you consider the tennis balls and
the net shut up
choose tune man you could have told me
yet indoor tennis court we could have
played tennis yeah I bet you so we're
just heading off as I said now to the
kitchen which is the new place of theirs
however it's so new that nobody has ever
actually eaten there before
apart from staff last night a handful of
staff quarter got to try some of the
menu Zoey and I are the first people
except for a couple of members of soft
every peer super super exciting they
said they haven't even had any
journalists or press or anything try it
out yet so it's amazing so foggy today
you're smells good in here
there's also some other people having
food here at the moment although I think
they're all like duty sensitive
especially chosen people to the menu
look insane so I've got mussels for
starter
what else it what did I get the starter
muscled crazy okay okay okay what's the
other one yeah
squid the mussel has just arrived in the
middle right where the other two items
have arrived what squid and they could
be good oh my gosh and I've got the
chicken oh my gosh that's off thank you
so much
oh look your cute little donut
look at my snapchat look at my snapchat
like there look at bloomin Zoe so out
with a cloth work heartily everything
look at my picture so we're just driving
home now and I got a call this is called
plate and the chainsmokers and I got a
call from my friend Holly you all know
Holly I say this every single time I
don't even need to explain on each
basically gave me a call
it's good Alfie do you want to go see
Brighton tonight and I'm not of course I
do let's go see the magazine Brighton
play in ages football by the way and
then and I thought yeah okay let's go
which is not the only thing it's not
don't have tickets yet so I'm just going
to lock in I didn't even know you could
get to get for this last minute it the
kickoff is in two hours and our five
minute
we're not even home yet we still need a
bit Nala wrap and I need to upload my
blogs I've been doing it for like last
two hours 33 minutes left and 67 percent
done and I just run a line and managed
to get rho a rho a e tickets for
tonight's football game for me and Holly
just bought them online I'll see you
there buddy
where's my doggie doggie aw boobies
we've just got to just got to mom and
dad's now to come and pick nyle up
although she doesn't really want to come
home I'm just going to fight some treats
out the fur bow at them bloody out my
five I tense it like so many no buzz was
this one dad stilled it with new really
small bits so there's so many come out
one we don't really know where we're
going
this is you're missing your stomping
ground this is your normal location
isn't it no were you going to quite a
few matches I do I do really enjoy it
yes sir you need to wake so I don't know
where we're going I don't even know what
tickets are bought I just they said
valet and I was like five then one we've
been split men and women separately they
look
Romanova hobnob hey Puppet diamond got
the best seat you know
that's one talking about oh man this is
going to be done as an order exact
some way
thank you you're just about to be
halftime we've come out two minutes
early to grab some cheeseburgers and a
Bovril I mean I definitely haven't gone
for a cheeseburger even though I have
just eating a hotdog
often the contest will be my tunic
that's my excuse okay yeah this is
dinner exactly five we won three now
everyone's happy I'm going to be super
quiet it's so busy here we're currently
on train on the way back home now if we
won we did win did you enjoy it
definitely I just got home and we're
trying something new out tonight we're
going to try a banana in the bedroom in
her bed in the corner of the room and so
far she is me not having a nice life
you're going to sleep in your bed
tonight any money within the next half
an hour as soon as I end this vlog she's
going to wake up jump back up and jump
on the bed and try and come back to
sleep with us tonight was good guys too
nervous I'm so glad that I did it
because I used to go to quite a lot of
football matches when I was younger with
my dad this is brightens new state I
stain I say new stadium it's not
actually a new but a new life showing up
is she already out bed Oh
imagine having a kid but the only thing
is with a kid they won't be able to get
back out of it because there'll be a
baby where it's not I can't get back out
the bed she's in that bedroom
good girl you can see her head she's
still in bed so ah she'll be able to
know that we're laughing just ignore her
and then I just leave I'll see she gets
back into our bed and then all the tips
are guys can you comment down below tips
it's hard to keep children or the or
dogs in their own head
in fact I'm even comparing these two
it's probably so insulting of anybody
with a kid it's your way back up right
now just leave a clue she's barking at
us today Liam know that the kisser
today's notification shout-out goes to
this person thank you so much having the
notifications on there you're watching
this there's also new South Liam's
episodes or leave a link down below go
check it out go show some love
please let's see how many something can
get on it let's also see how many thumbs
up we can get on this block here I even
enjoyed it and I will see you I'll see
in the morning
run man
