yeah oh my gosh look at that oh my god
the fruit good morning guys
good morning how you doing cuz get some
breakfast we're now in the hot tub I've
got the drone out as you saw and I tried
to land it back on the table but some
reason it was saying that it wasn't
available to land and it just wouldn't
do it so I did grab out the sky and then
just like pull the battery out whilst it
was like still going in the air because
it's all good I think I think hopefully
as you seem got the shot we're now just
chillin in the hot tub it kinda feels
like spring so in I was saying I guess
so blooming lovely there's like the real
outs in the sky I know a couple over
there but it's just so jealous brain
tells me social spring clouds really
clear tiny a tiny little fluffy one
yeah like very like see-through almost
transparent take some pounds and they've
got those long clouds waters we should
really know the name of the cloud in the
night to second the line from a airplane
I think it is it's out there's a name
for it what's what's the name the gloves
that are like really thin and long
they've got all that certain names
should know this you forgot I did my
science I'm a geography at school
we sing all you can hold your breath I
wanna see how long committee under you
to try and save me but you did it here
let me die I don't want to ruin it
you're so chipper still rolling I knew
you got it done it's good to hold your
breath winner in the jacuzzi I don't
think it is something there's some
reason why it's bad - I told you that's
would you breath out the hot tub now
just had a shower and got ready for I
mean I didn't get ready for the day I
don't know why I just said that
evidently I haven't become glittery say
in my boxers whilst always getting ready
for the day I'm currently editing my
vlog and I've just ordered my self some
lunch I've just gone for some because
we've got so much food left from
breakfast because it was so bloomin big
but we still were like bread and a
baguette and stuff so I've just ordered
some salmon and scrambled egg just so I
can put it with some bread and have some
oh my gosh smells so good
I'm already leaving going out for
explore I definitely love the key okay
so at the gamer bag going out for an
explore what the might be coming with us
yeah guys it's a house for Christmas
tree Christmas tree is already yet the
lighting in this blog is unbelievable
also yesterday I realized that I left my
braces at home and I cannot even
describe to you how gutted I was how
annoyed with myself I was because I
changed bag it was my braces whenever
I'm wearing them in my black bag but now
I'm using this new bag I thought unless
my braces at home and azar were here for
three days and I haven't got my braces
but luckily this morning I found them in
my bag some super super him in a good
mood now I mean I wasn't a good mood
before I just annoyed it myself this is
what it's really like the reality of
having a girlfriend who has a blog take
a pictures of flowers all day I don't
know why I do that though because
whenever I take a picture of flower
let's craft fur no they look good you've
got the best camera set up ever
yeah two minutes first chair here we go
again
did you get it I kind of wore my new
shoes I wasn't thinking about it
currently sitting down just by the river
my legs hanging over the edge you know
getting those images getting those
pictures for Instagram got everything so
take everything out the foliage do me
take pictures of you here you stand up
on the little bridge forget am i right
you go up in the little bridge why don't
you stand on the other side if you climb
over up uncheck joy pop you on out no no
I guess you fall over the other side
right limit my thing hey yeah that's
cool look at that yeah that looks it
right let me get a picture guys get
ready to see this on Instagram or the
blog or something we're going to play
Pooh stick I got this one oh you got a
tiny little one three two one go
oh is winning so far you're just going
to come out first I'll excuses excuses
come on hey I'm not far behind
I'll let yours is over take in all right
we need to actually start walking we've
been taking so many photos and just
killing and stuff that I am even got
this camera up the little old school
Canon we've got about twenty five minute
walk down to the beach now we don't know
one of you we don't want to be walking
on Suns one down then it'll get cold I'm
already a bit finished
are you okay so I'm not very cold wings
wind chilling is Beach walk one
kilometer that's not very far killing me
four kilometer kilometer I don't know
there is an open condom wrapper on the
floor naughty naughty words whoever's
been taught as awkward
talk with maybe it maybe it was him man
if we play two sticks on that bridge it
would have been a little bit different
or guys ah my new shoes
holy crap I know I don't know ever to
just run I have never been to a beach
with zero wins before right now there's
zero nothing absolutely nothing this is
going to be incredible
from my drone which I've got in my bag
oh my gosh all of these bits up here
yeah this is going to look so good so is
up there taking some selfies holy crap
this is so exciting the only thing that
can make this better right now will be
acknowledged here this is sick
we're getting those pictures
yeah they're cool aren't they all right
the drones coming out we've got perfect
lighting as the Sun setting am i have
amigo Joanna hold this I'll put it up in
the oven up in the air yeah I'm gonna
fry it up okay and then and then you go
from now on that we can see ya
bye this is Zoey's first go on the drive
for this one but watch it watch it real
life that goes up yeah and it goes down
if you go sideways then it spins yeah
okay in the air and then this one you go
up watch it in real life
yeah
Oh
this guy's there's the cutest little man
down there with his grandson my
chromebox and cable with and sticky
stuff into the water so you were
standing in that I know I searched the
whole time I was flying the drone I
stood in bloody horse poop I didn't even
really you get it flying the drone was I
would you like it yeah I was very scared
when I can see it because then I thought
oh god if I go into a seagull or it's
easier than what you think sorry yeah
into the cliff you aren't guys McNair I
wouldn't mind I've already questioned
anyway did you think it was easy or hard
I'm gonna give you a nice toy it's going
to be okay yeah I think it's harder to
crash drones than what you would think
it is I would be more worried that the
batteries run out as I was flying it we
just dropped the battery it just drops
the floor don't return folks that's why
I just don't when it landed I'd like
nine percent charge and it was like do
you want us to return home join it
return home
well I like that constricts get home it
were an automatic land it's our home
which is where it took off
Oh No right this way I'm not going to
come we have to walk up that way yeah is
that a proper way to walk back though
okay
come on camera focus three hours of
walking later I feel like they've got a
swimming pool here ah you got flour in
your hair
here we go yeah guys our dinners just
arrived and it looks incredible
so sausage and mash isn't actually on
their menu is from the kids menu but I
rang up like guys this may sound a bit
weird is it possible to have two
portions of sausage mash but adult
portions and chucking some beans and
gravy as well no yeah of course we can
so we've kind of got like two upgraded
kids meals for dinner so he and I had
the most relaxing bar template tonight
but the bath here I'll show you tomorrow
morning is so so big like its massive
wickedly tree lay next to each other in
the bath and still be comfortable but we
weren't squishy Tamra lay Nick it was
mad so he's fast asleep it's half-past
twelve in the evening if you've enjoyed
it in order to give it a big thumbs up
and I can compute egg right now today's
notification shoutout goes to this
person thank you so much for my
notifications on and given time already
go down below turn them on subscribe as
well wash your there and yeah I'll see
you tomorrow
on
okay
