good morning guys good morning welcome
back to a new video today you join me
it's like 4 p.m. in the afternoon we've
just dropped neither off we've spent
this morning work in film to do episodes
of disaster Tim's we just drop nodded
off at my mom and dad and we've driven
out 2 hours away to our favorite spot
ever to just come and chill oh my gosh
he doesn't shut up oh my gosh right to
come to our favourite place it's called
shooting Glen it's a treehouse but we
put the tree house runs so this room is
like I know you can't see it obviously
this floor but we're in a treehouse
you've probably seen this place before
my vlogs they knew we were coming
because obviously we booked it and
they've given us like the most insane
welcoming gifts to come back because we
come here like we've been at watching
chance before they've given Zoe a bunch
of flowers like that's a more impressive
bunch than I've ever got you before in a
proper book that's what the bunch that
was it Kanye got Taylor somebody got
Taylor Swift's that white bunch of
flowers in there in the brick yeah that
was funny
was it kind of people I can a wall of
them no he didn't
thank you very much Kanye for Zoey over
here we've got chilled bottle of
Taittinger
fresh cookies fresh fruit everything and
then over here is you just always got
box of how we even going to eat all of
those chocolates I'll do that try
massage stuff at all different
treatments for Zoey and then they know
that because because I drink gin and
tonics they know I drink gin and tonics
and they bloom in butthole oh my gosh
and they've put a post card here which
is of the place that that's where we're
staying at the moment I'm going to have
to blur this but on the other side
they've written out all about the gin
and what it has in in everything and put
a stamp on it and already written our
address so that we have to do that is
pop that in like a post box and they'll
all go straight to our house this is
amazing
hot tub outside miss training a hideaway
room which is where my parents said when
we will ask him important showing us up
it's got the big walkway master bedroom
park them all through there it's what we
said you looking be a suitcase yeah they
put it in your room for you already so
excited so excited to just chill for a
couple of days and relax this place is
so good I love this place just spent the
last 15 minutes quickly sorting out the
new Sims video and the new vlog
they're both ups all scheduled all done
now we can enjoy the chocolate and some
gin and tonics watch the Kardashians
maybe if I mean I do like the
Kardashians
thug life merchandise has just come back
in stock today 5 o'clock today let's go
grab some items if you want to someone
has just screenshot an audio and text
sorry tweeters oh a picture they've
ordered a white tiger t-shirt a black
side latisha cocky hoodie sticker pack
8.2 slog wristbands eight-point
structure Suns one pop socket twins blog
1 blue points blue t-shirt 1 white
points propecia and both of Tonya's
posters that's so cool 8 wristbands
let's definitely get yellow one is
definitely gonna get a couple of the
rare ones in that one thought yeah oh my
god you fell off I was balancing you on
top of one of these which was silly but
you so need fell off the table and they
grabbed it in the air right I'm gonna
make myself gin and tonic have some
chocolate we should order some food and
we kind of haven't had breakfast or
lunch yet and the time is 5:15 I'm just
so excited to be here so excited to be
here for the next couple of days just
can be so nice relaxed and I bought my
drone as well guys because of it is you
know these doors open we've got the hot
tub outside and I want to be able to
just like fly my drone out into all of
the forest out there and if you go
through here you can open the doors so
we could start tomorrow's vlog I mean
I'm not going to promise anything but we
can start to might as well be laying in
bed and the drones here like vlogging
and then go flies out out all over that
we should get some sick shorts was so
excited also bought this coming with me
the a1
I want to honor shoot some stuff on film
I've got four or five different films
with me as well to to learn a mess about
with it's about instead of pulling a
fire but that's kind of already done it
for us it's going to be so easy I let
you just act like one match and they've
done all the hard work dinners just
arrived and you can even have it to your
door like normal or you can never
delivered through a hatch that you don't
actually have to see anybody like you in
your boxes or something which you learnt
that no I was actually asleep I fell
asleep on the toilet of one side of it
and I got the other oh yeah you can tell
I fell asleep the fires going out grap
oh my gosh lobster curry pizza desert
peas right match where my gin and tonic
over here really loved anything today
we've literally just been chilling out
eating delicious food I fell asleep
again
you know when you would never remind
your blog post I was asleep the whole
time on the sofa
yeah as I sleep the whole time you know
I'm so tired it's not even like I think
that's bed late last night do you wake
up particularly early today
we're now watching a program I bet
that's why a big that is because I keep
on topping up the fire with new logs we
am watching a program which is about
people who have extraordinary medical
situations so there's one person that
like hit their head and then when they
came around from here in the head they
could play a piano like unbelievably and
before that they couldn't play and a
woman who so in
and not like that falls me yeah I love
stuff like this this guy here was like
in a what did they call it a locked-in
state I locked in state so you can speak
he couldn't give back any emotion and he
was just like this the whole time but he
was but the doctors couldn't work out
whether he was like fully alive inside
or whether he was just like I don't know
it's hard to say but you know I mean and
then one day they took his bed with him
outside and his mum was speaking to him
making some jokes because they used to
come visit every day and be there was
the time with him and he just started
laughing and speaking about it now did
you hear that after he had recovered and
come around because they took him out
someone then he started laughing at
their jokes and then just came around
and he was like fully awake again after
he was awake he started speaking about
things that they were saying to him when
he was like in the in the locked-in
state so he just could have moved and
couldn't speak and not be could fully
understand what was going on and he
started telling them things but they did
see him surgically because he remembered
it he was like awake
we just couldn't show that he was awake
he was like locked in almost like sleep
paralysis you know people I knew I was
awake but I couldn't move you know very
like oh wow that's crazy and there was
also a woman on this program I try
what's the name of this such program
should these guys can just like check it
out what I don't have the remote VM
there was a woman on here who can
remember everything that's happened to
over the last 40 years
incredible medicines doctor Watson's
Keys book yeah there was a woman who
could remember everything that had
happened to her everything so he said
like on the 16th of January 1968 what
happened that was memorable that day did
you go to the cash point how much money
did he get out who did you go for lunch
with like she can remember everything
and she just can like there's not hay on
the newspaper that day but it's not
because she's smart she's researched or
memorized it's just for her that is
normal this
can remember that that's just like what
she can do
that's just our memories that are
amazing look it's crazy this program is
so cool it's like I remember I watch the
YouTube and documentary ones and they
were trying to say whether it was real
or not that a woman will cut one and
just had like a different accent like a
German accent but she just woken up
normally and just have a different
accent and they were trying to see where
the shooters playing a prank or whether
she legit had that accent I love stuff
like this anyways as a captured with
what we're doing currently finishing
dinner watching YouTube videos always
run a blog post at the moment and we're
just chilling you know this is what
we're just relax
tonight's vlog today's vlog might be a
little bit slow small just a chilled set
back one and tomorrow we're gonna have
some fun but never just hang out let me
know down below if you if you like these
kind of blogs and so in our playing the
card game all made together which I
don't know if there's much point in
playing it says on the packet that is
between two and four players however I
don't believe that because but if you
practice we're going to know if you have
fold made and we're also going to get so
many pairs at the beginning that the
games going to go so quickly sure my
tell me how you shuffle oh you're doing
it good now before min ago you're
rubbish but now you're doing it really
well when I rock Alisha all that my
NASCAR player right you know what origin
refers me incapable pop oh I'm going in
my book like this right these cars are
normal card size yeah she used to do
that I can only do the other thing as
well although there's not a discourse on
card size are we going down there
and you ready this game is going to
taste so gloomy long that way because
it's you interjected card the other
one's going to have one boy named
 year of mate Lee the Baker Oh Oh
needed that one well I'm going to need
everything what did you say you're going
to need everything that I've got what
did you just say all right you give a
win or you could even lose one I love
Oh made so it is the next day and
literally gone over my eyes it is so
damn sunny I hope you enjoyed the vlog
it was a very chilled one very very
relaxed and today for me which is
tomorrow for you it's going to be super
exciting they've already got the drone
out today the sky is completely blue the
Sun is like shining my eyes today's
shout-out goes to this person thank you
so much for the love and support thank
you for having my notifications turned
on if you're not already subscribed to
the vlogs go down below hit that
subscribe button we nearly 4 million 4
million that is insane did the blog a
thumbs up if you're excited for the next
couple of days and stuff and you enjoyed
it and I will catch you sketch you
tomorrow see in the morning
good night guys
the pain
