so if you watch yesterday's blog you'll
know that all of my juice I've got
delivers and I more or less for
everything together
the only issues that I didn't have any
tools so I've now got the oh my gosh
they're cold
oh no but these help me to tighten all
of the screws for example this thing
over here looks like it bill listen
closely
I'm not even close in it it's just not
very sturdy I just tightened up my hands
which is not what you want to be doing
when you're talking about gym equipment
you don't want to be tightened you don't
want to be tightening things with your
hands
I literally can't do anything to make
this fit this is so hard
one minute later and he's only gone and
done it oh my gosh
now you need to put the top on
everything is done I set from this one
arm and then I just need to plug it in
with this little bit Patek also in to
help because this side went on super
easy but this side we just can't get in
it's like it just won't fear
I got myself a gym cleaner she's doing a
really good job so far
oh really do we have a harder broom news
we've got is that I still can't get this
arm on and I've just rung the company
that supplied us here and they're having
to look into the shape of this and see
if it's working but other than that one
arm on here everything is now 100% done
I mean we're getting like a big piece of
art a crazy talented painter is coming
in and painting all of this wall for me
with a quote that that I've had all
designed up and the TV's going on the
wall but other than that this place is
like 100% done oh no what have you
started what have you started
when I was younger I used to whoa look
at that line this has been folded up
ever since it came out the washing
machine I need to use my steamer when I
was younger I used to hate blueberries
I'm now obsessed like I literally get
packet like little planet or whatever it
is like this just sit here eat the whole
thing over time I check my tastebuds
have changed so much they never used to
be good
that's so good now oh my gosh look at
the size of this ring up Zoe's here and
now let me take a ring off like let me
take my new ring off this is my ring
that is redic okay wait not to be fair
we'll take off the smallest ring I own
just to compare just in case it's her
little finger that's so small but
compared to this big one there's one of
your rings on the side yeah I'm
comparing it to compared to my new room
no you look cool today look at that
compared to that she is they're not even
putting a little thing oh yeah I was
gonna say even compared to my little
finger radio tower yeah exactly I'm
going to take all the recycling from the
gym to the tip and then we're going to
take actually not all of that it can't
all fit in the car were taking half of
it and then javi but later today or
tomorrow I'm gonna check what time it
closes because it's already hot too we
need to get some like plastic
see-through boxes to store all our
Christmas decorations instead we put the
back in you have to call the cellar I
went swimming we could always buy
something out the vending machine always
wore these never hold on any memory is
there anything that you hated growing up
that you now like eating blueberries I
used to hate
but anyway my jumping today so efficient
in the packing after a box inside a box
inside a box inside a box pick up the
one bottom one and get everything right
we have got another tip one to do that
was only half but we need good being you
first and that is nothing compared to
the post-christmas oh my gosh the
post-christmas learned we had to do
we're buying a specific box for wrapping
paper apparently well these are quite yo
low price 24 pounds that's not okay you
get multiple you get three it's gonna
say that it's not low but maybe because
you get three my so he gone she just
wanders off
what's this don't know get kicked out
where you wandering off to
the blasted boxes are over here I think
I'm making this up I don't actually know
at all yeah they're definitely over here
hey see how it's correct oh I like this
one
no I know it's quite shallow I think
these ones are the best one pack or two
we need a trolley the other thing we've
come here for is a jet washer eyeball
over here a crusher washer is the right
word our gardener once won t have to
clean the driveway and pathways more
easily he said he doesn't want the
cheapest one but he also doesn't want
the most expensive one he says he wants
a good in the middle one okay so this is
the base that's the cheapest one medium
slightly more expensive slightly more
more more more MORE
this is the third from cheapest so
that's the full control home one yeah
look so that's just a basic pressure
washer that's a full control home
pressure washer so that's full control
this one heavy don't break that oh yeah
am I gonna break that thing what where
you going
and we need to get all of this as well
we need to go get let me go get a
trolley you look these trolleys aren't
gonna do this is what we need
this is the one these runs we'll need
for a video that I'm shooting coming out
soon with direct line be careful this
trolley is the worst audition on sorry
to see if she can use it like this one
gear Zack so Zoe and I teamed up tonight
whilst I was editing the vlog
Zoe packed away all of the Christmas
decorations and stuff into the new boxes
and then when I've just finished it in
the vlog now I am carried them all down
into the cellar and then kind of carried
all the rest up to the attic that's from
that breath so I just found these
upstairs in your office can we try them
are you playing your your kitchen game
yeah
your cooking game so the other day Zoe
bought these and told me about it but
I've never felt them or experienced it
before it's called bed of nails
I don't know what the benefit is bed of
nails
okay increase energy level yeah I don't
know how reduce stress and anxiety
relieve tension and muscle aches relieve
chronic neck and back pain improves
sleep and relieve insomnia
but the list goes on and on and on
reduce cellulite what is bed of nails
this is not sponsored obviously
otherwise I would know what the for like
this bed of nails is an active function
math a self treatment tool that helps
the body rid itself of toxins by
stimulating energy in doing so it
triggers the body's innate way of
healing itself how do I use a bed for
now slowly lower yourself onto the bed
of nails
eventually distributing your weight
across the map we recommend beginners
all you
you prefer less intense pressure to wear
a like t-shirt when using the bed of
nails always sitting up and leaning
against a bed of nails in a sofa or
armchair instead of laying on top of
that this will reduce the body weight
put on the nails it's recommended for
women to cover breasts one line facedown
on the map when lie facedown on the bed
of nails sorry use the bed of nails when
needed preferably daily and lie on it or
lean against it with your back on for 10
to 20 minutes or as long as you desire
as a new user it might be better to lie
for a shorter period of time until the
body gets used to the nails so this is
the bed of nails I don't know the name
of it bed of nails and what is this oh
what's you lie down and then you put
that as a pillow yeah did you buy this
or get sent charity or I gave it to
somebody oh my god I'm going to love
this this isn't meant to be enjoyable
this is meant to be like acupuncture
which I actually did start getting
acupuncture before we moved in night
yeah I loved her let me focus the camera
on the bed of nails that you can see the
spikes so that is what it looks like and
then this is the neck pillow I'm just
gonna wash this no I'm gonna do it out
do you don't find out painful no that's
nice you have to line up not for 10
minutes is your back on it though yeah
I'll press you down I mean don't I was
not nice but when you are pressed into
yeah of course
did you just push me oh my god okay it's
really starting to hurt now
I think it's from when you push me oh my
gosh oh my gosh Wow serious this really
hurts now mom in that way I just need to
go into a zone I'm trying to push all my
back in like my lower back as well so
can you set an alarm on your phone for
20 minutes no 15 minutes and I'm gonna
try and just fall asleep legit just woke
up though yeah I just hurt my elbow so
hard on the wooden floor so bony and I
just bashed it and it woke me up and I
was like why am I on the floor so
confused what's the time
oh it's very red and it has like oh my
god keep still anyone with trick I can't
say about anyone with a fear of holes
please look away now
Oh like you have to put proper warning
on your video off because this is like
the weirdest it looks like star
formations oh my god a little bit on
your neck but not as much as your bag
I just watched that clip back my back
it's got holes on it is it comfortable I
did also say get used to it didn't it
and do it slowly and do it sitting up
first I just went straight for it
Wow see in 20 minutes no night looks
like this clip has literally filmed two
minutes after the previous one it wasn't
just been out cooking Zoe and I dinner
for the last like 40 minutes or so if
you like it we'll start to our movie
stars cooking yeah I've got some hummus
River Nando's pari drizzle and some
toasters ralpherz zoe peas chicken pie
and mash gravy and I've got tuna pasta
with peas normally I do sweet corn but
we didn't have any and then these are
some like little vegetable things so
they know to you because I don't like
yeah now a lot of people eat like
couples eat especially oh I love tuna
and they're love salmon
so doesn't like those two things so
quite often when we eat when I eat one
of those really separate things all
bloody hours this program and just gives
me no hope in humans yeah why this is
not how dating should be done
whenever got to do dude what's this
called
take me out take me out also look at my
drink I haven't used this bottle since I
was working out in the gym like a year
ago I've got such a big portion of pasta
that I need a load of war
because I drink a lot when I eat like
I'll probably drink that whole thing
having a soup but your evening we're now
watching the voice there's not really
much else for me to growth about we're
just kidding as are we just parted on me
um gonna correct that to be correct
what are you shy on me
