got busy house today hello hello hello
look who's here
ladies blown back yes sir come over are
you doing good
I'm good with the video today for
Marcus's channel going up on Monday yes
well we're not allowed to date I've been
able to bleep that out we shoot on
Monday 6 p.m. on Mondays something
exciting is happening you do boilin what
a group of people i was because they're
good people that you've wanted to hang
out for a while but i mean you read it
now it's coming
that's what I'm saying good bye see you
later good morning guys good morning how
are you doing very productive day today
it's very very productive day I got
straight up got my bum out of bed why am
I so energized calm down got up this
morning edited the vlog straight away I
said this all the time if you wondering
why I sound list B in this vlog I got my
braces in I'm going to start wearing and
properly again I keep on forgetting for
a day then putting them back in a
forgetting it's done today is the day
today's been good today's been really
really productive it's got a new bag
somebody sent this to Zoe's peer box we
don't know whether it is for her or for
me I think it was meant to be for her
but I quite like it thank you very much
even though it's probably so sorry I'm
just about to head out I don't if I told
you guys I'm going to snowboard in on
the 16th with like I'm not going to name
everyone because I'm bound to forget but
like John Leon Marcus
Sean tons of people I'm so so excited
like I bought a snowboard last time we
went like two years ago if you remember
if you if you've been watching the blogs
for that long you'll know that when we
always snowboarding together a couple
years ago I bought a snowboard because
it was right at the end of the season so
everything was super super reduced in
price and I was like instead of me
renting one every single time I might as
well just buy one now it's super cheap
and I haven't managed to use it as a
moet and the boys are non-stop rinsing
me ever since I bought it I'm super
excited to finally get to use it
the only thing I want to make sure that
I've got everything I fully need you a
snowboarding like have I got time I got
enough socks have I got like I want to
get something that can like cover up my
face up to here so the one it's snowing
this really colder then get it wet and
cold basically that's what I'm doing
today I'm just jumping out the car now
to go to town to go and get some stuff
and snowboarding trip such a lovely day
in Brighton today by completely blue sky
barely any cloud this is what I love to
be invited everyone's just so happy so
positive this Riley so friendly so just
fun - I think I think these are the ones
loaded they are skiing socks I don't
really have anything specifically for
snowboarding so I think think they're
basically the same amazing will got
everything I needed
oh my gosh you are not even ready to see
the lunch that I just got I went to this
little place called the bright and
burger shack you don't know where it is
it's on Market Street it's just down
there you know Brighton if you come
Triton you have to go I have been before
and it's absolutely incredible like so
so good have got everything in here I
got a burger I got the Brighton burger
and sweet potato fries and then I got
Zoe a cheeseburger with curly fries and
Mark a bacon cheeseburger with curly
fries
oh my god I want to just get home now I
need to I'm so cold
and it
mouth smellin stuck yeah
to zebras one salty caramel and one
Nutella cleaner
yes Segway thank you so much just coming
to dum-dums the best don't knock me ever
they've got thanks so much this camera
and I'm filming on the moment that you
can't even see me on it's so broken
we're gonna have to film up here like
this otherwise you can't see me because
all the shadows and everything was
walking back from the burger place that
I I cannot even describe to you how good
these burgers smell like honestly like
an 11 out of 10 right now and it will
makes it even better is that I just went
to dum-dums on the way back I hope you
guys are having a lovely day hope you're
having a great day whatever you let me
know what you're up to in the comments I
want to chat to you guys I want to do
some more videos like when we just sit
down and just chill and just chat and
hang out and talk about topic so feel
free to like tweet me some topics that
you want me to talk about with you guys
wait we were like just before just
before I am a drive home I want to show
you guys the iTunes top charts but I
couldn't be more proud of an edge here
and right now this is unbelievable I've
never seen anything like this in my life
I don't if you can fully see that the
edge Sheeran has got number one all the
way down to number 17 in the charts
number one to number 17 is just Ed
Sheeran bloody ell congrats man if
you're somehow watching this Congrats
close your eyes
see your hand out get your eyes closed
open them oh my god because those guys
are still filming in there I just want
to show you why it use is I got a couple
of little juices for myself but I've
already drank one of them these are our
burgers and chips and these are the
donuts I've got these are called zebras
in fact may not even donuts all of these
are cronuts which should cross on and
doughnuts mixed together
these are zebras this is not Ella and
that salted caramel and biscotti
you jealous you jealous if by any chance
people that own dum-dums are watching
please can you create a dog special I
would love if we created a donor and
then anybody that creates food see
humans but your dog can also eat if you
did like a donut special or cronut
special that Nala could eat some of it
as well that'd be very very impressive
all right I'm going to go online just
make sure that the new vlog is all up
and scheduled and okay
thirty four o'clock so still doesn't go
live from one hour look at the zebra one
that salty camera and biscotti new
that's cheese no sauce and that's bacon
and cheese we're sourcing and then you
got chips as well it'll go candy boys
out and I got the Brighton special your
chips look good as right good chat curly
chips oh my god guys I'm getting
absolutely two right now also don't
laugh my camera it's broken look there
Oh Rob camera's broken and I would buy a
new one I would buy a new one but you
all of me whenever I buy new cameras so
I've been trying to use this broke one
but like two weeks now and it's so
broken and I'm getting slated at the
moment for not nothing's re enough every
video we do which is you against someone
you lose I can't believe everyone with
mark that outfit
so funny but I don't like it we were
just talking about the name we would
just talk about the name of Zoey's old
guinea pigs not the one that we had
together and you're the most complete
what guys wait do I wearing trousers I
don't know girls wait yeah in there what
anyone for not a good idea
ok I see thank you oh yeah what do you
think you take or take this yeah ok
30 30 so yeah yeah sometimes see why
when I wake up answered any of the list
as I cast with the brain freeze when you
tell them about it wrong B does match
each other yawns and so I never gain the
knowledge okay see I'm a 24 25
okay by the way we write write the name
of your - I need you to sort of my film
is my main channel yeah I'm just going
to tell this video dr. Robert abuser
you cannot yes then when you search your
major medium on comes our first no yeah
that's hopefully it is this is boyfriend
versus best friend
I'm school not intended as it is you
someone may see the thumbnails I think
it's your video large jagged and I will
make the name of your first tooth Milo
and mommy
yeah I've never seen that film lilo
stitch I've never seen many bugs
Nigerian sick
orbiting never see monsters University
I've never seen monsters a serious have
you ever seen how strong your pet dragon
yeah really good my god I mean ever seen
cloudy baton to meet later video have
you ever seen have you ever seen
after you ever seen Alan Johnson
people's two or whatever it guess what I
made mark while we were away
what prisoners he'd never seen it oh man
what isn't it good so it's so sick why
the ending notice like this this could
be number two there's no I know not at
the end in there is going to be a number
two and so that should be like it was
made in 2014 I think I look
yeah just muted that Abby's here um I
know so walking up and down meanness
Dominus and then okay first one class
discussions wins
withdraw one philosophy art looted heavy
favorite Oh God gonna what was the last
video I uploaded oh I know what it was
so do i all three see never however we
should storytime
mark are you taking two months ago
what does the last video mark uploaded
well this is the thing we marked upload
I find it hard to remember what videos
anyone ever uploads what I can't get to
those your thumbnails position know I
can always picture thumbnails and do you
can follow me as well ah are you exactly
oh I do have quite a few people muted on
Twitter we should have Edie able to all
show everyone who we've got muted on so
you don't even let me hold it fun let me
show you guys figure out what you can
switch I show ID I don't key you're
cheating oh I did I promise you actually
knew that I want you to look to your
channel but I did actually know that but
the thing with it
what's the huge funnel oh no this is me
yeah if I did actually know that okay if
I'd only doing who I've got muted on
Twitter how do I find out you're not
going to say we're all on whoa bitch you
I've got blocked because they know
they're blocked I honestly haven't
brought many people on Twitter
I just mute it i muted words I didn't
know you could do that I honestly don't
vote I don't read that many yeah you
actually haven't asked me how many weeks
ago
accounts on Twitter just come out to
play racquetball we've all got our new
rackets that we've got and we're playing
tenth career but this isn't usually how
you later
we just are yeah I'll take you guys to
do the rally all three of us Hooper did
it me now was involved Omar your second
yeah you ready yeah get your walk that
was good let's take you to the toy there
Kim in Japan can treat big girl
into a pen into bed good girl I I see in
the morning man I see in the more than
none I what was the matter we nearly
left the doughnuts on the side and they
would have gone off so we need to wrap
them up with some foil we saw an avid
doughnuts we're going to grab some
drinks and we're gonna go up to bed I
hope you've enjoyed the video if you've
enjoyed the vlog you know today we does
always do a smashing video a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already we're
kind of nearly at 4 million subscribers
on this channel and fun fact of the day
apparently
45 50 45 I will certify something like
that percent of my views on this channel
from people that are not subscribed so
there are tons of you millions of you
that watch every single month that
aren't subscribes if you haven't already
go down below subscribe let's try and
get to 4 million
today's notification shadow goes to this
person thank you thank you thank you for
catching the money guys tomorrow and I
know I say this a lot
we've actually got really really
exciting day and the following day Zoey
and I are going away for a trip we're
going away for a few days for a little
also it's pitch black for a little
vacation
and I'm going to bring you guys with us
in the vlog we're gonna have some fun
times it's just me and Zoey
anyway together no family no friends
such as a little couples break awake
I'll catch you in a money guy so because
every day good night
the pain
