hahaha I had a dream
Alfie was giving birth out of his penis
good morning guys today is very night
what is that smell at Cheesie see so in
iron a little town called lowest they've
been here tons of times before and the
vlogs is so lovely
I've got my but a one with me it's nice
images but first of all for any of that
we both got an ID which they do not
remember the last time for my eyes
tested so I'm a little bit worried
because I've spoken to two friends
recently who have both had I guess both
of them needing glasses after being told
that one of their eyes was so much
weaker than the other eye and they never
even realized beforehand what it in the
result what enemy imagine if we both
come out regardless I wouldn't actually
mind white glasses I think it'd be more
of an annoyance because I know what I'm
like ah probably to sit on them and
break them and stuff identified stupid
asses but the National bad see we've got
two minutes until we have to either I
test here we go
Specsavers yeah it definitely not
sponsor guys wish it was hello just
remembered it so is I just is half an
hour before my buzz words they came in
our simple my laptop or in a second
coming in school to get up to until
midday so Jim is going at the bar
so a bit about a balloon we'll just go
fuzzy white therein call your free
screen testing pre-screened out there
about right that's right so it's just a
quick check just going to basic
prescription region here to go through
the proper psych test which a chart on
all Latin America so in your life I
kisses no idea okay we have nice
anything Institute I'll go what thank
yous and I feel when I bring it up for
show them too wet
I'll do it just bring the Machine up a
little bit early not too much right now
okay so here back that's great so what
do is make the efficient come queries in
the different one debit thank you good
news Zoe and I both don't need glasses
I thought there was going to be one of
us that would so he's been getting
migraines recently so we thought we
thought that might have been wife
because she needs glasses
we're both the Tiny's tiny said a bit
long sighted it woman said to me that
she's everything I'm going to need
glasses for ages but I will in the
future at some point dunno where's oh
he's taking me oh no that was the cafe
we're going to come to
oh this is cool so cool little shop but
just friends isn't this so cool look at
this one with concrete base yeah that's
really nice and that just rugged he's oh
so cute
we've now been walking for about 45
minutes because though is stricter than
me - there's also no one in it that is
treat for me - a baby shot like to buy
cute things for children there is not
pregnant
we're not having a baby though he's got
many friends back at home in Wiltshire
they've got children very very little
baby and is having her baby who else
does having a baby soon Oh
one is somebody that we work with us
just had a baby is this it we finally
here whoa what are you doing to me
that said Saturday but look at the
things my window could just walk off now
for this okay that is really cute it
looks like listen Matt whatever why
don't I just ah push you up through the
window
oh my gosh okay is really cute holy crap
oh my god those shoes a tiny little
pom-pom light I think when I have a kid
when I have a kid my kid is going to
have more clothes than me like I'm good
you got it you got makeup on your face
ha ha I'll drug into them I'm not
talking to you these people when I have
a kid right then we come back and go to
that shop but we pop offers it a shot
rather than walk 45 minutes to get that
little just that noise it was good I do
the shot surfers we do a few it's like 2
o'clock and I haven't even had my
breakfast yet have you eaten No
we do need to go food shopping there's
so many cute little individually owned
cafes around here that I want to stop
and grab a toasty or do you know I could
eat jacket potato that would be good
right now I Lewis Castle she got for the
castle you just tricked me to some baby
shop that was closed oh yeah you're
buying the present okay well I'll just
show them this this is Lewis Castle
everybody you can see it
there we go that's what it looks like on
the map we're not going to go up and in
not today we can do that another time
let me come back the baby stuff so we've
just come into another little shop I
found a perfect prison save Erasmus you
know my friend Dave who lives in the
wood the guy that we did up to fine with
and the guy that I'd be holding the
other day I want to get some really cool
scissors to come out in the woods this
one a corner method fine
feel the weight of them whereas these
ones are really cube and they come with
like a little leather that's the top see
if it is not sharp you don't cut
yourself and that's so nice Sears thank
you all guys manikins a little bit in a
kit free the nipple you know I was
actually wearing the free then it will t
shut the other day and those of you guys
love that I've done from a free the
nipple t-shirt no I was wearing it the
other day the only thing with it is I
bought a large and I don't know if it a
unisex or not but it's really small so I
was wearing it in the house because I
was ripping the free the nipple you know
in the vlog and the snapchat and stuff
but then if I just wear out about it's a
little bit cropped it's quite it's quite
nice more than many so yeah yeah Bree
the belly button Diane
I haven't worn out and about but I have
worn it and one inside
how happy are you Oh what you should do
though is in the cake if she's got a bit
crazy
Jim Burma's not ages ago when you had
chocolate before bedtime and then
there's a clip you can walk of life look
at this this is a ham and cheese
what's it go to croque monsieur or
something something like that and then
this here some chicken dumplings we got
and this here is a Victoria sponge they
look fun bloody believable why this is
the cutest little cafe ever
how many of us on my own Oh 13:39
Germany tisha little bits alright um
stop very like out oh yeah look all of
the cake oh my gosh the our Sigma this
is so cool thank you much that was so
cute that's called the Flint owl bakery
Oh getting that Instagram has always
been loved in the portrait mode on the
iPhone 7 plus recently the iPhone 7 plus
is actually so good for taking photos on
the portrait mode like proper blur the
background if you aren't always
Instagram some of them you would legit
but you'd probably think they're taking
on like a father dish to us a lot like
the portrait we get good lighting if
it's nice and bright
the portrait like the portrait mode is
incredible we just popped into a spork
shop to see if we can get some
racquetball racquet because as you know
we started playing recently with mum and
dad and poppy and Shaun what we're doing
we walked in this is how much we don't
overdo it with walked in and I was
looking with a squash racquet and I'm
like yeah this one or this one
I'm off and then I started to explain to
the guide that we're not very good we
don't take it very seriously we just
mess about I would play racquetball your
size there any views of what you're
looking at the squash racquet because
the racquetball racquet so over there
apparently we've been playing that with
the whole time of the wrong racket
even when we're playing at the at the
gym apparently we use in squash rackets
and not even practical racket so this is
a racquetball run get about 24 pounds
ninety-nine and at the moment we're
paying to hire them every single time so
Zoe and I we're going to buy a couple
and then we're just going to take them
and turn up next time yeah a little
strap a little strap your wrist that you
can't drop it it's like the Wii Remote
so you can't let go so next time we go
we're going to turn up my own racket
I Pro that's the issue that we're going
to dress look like pros you know it was
the same of people like all the gear and
no idea yeah yeah sit down another Jack
let's tell them what happened we've got
something to tell you guys you know
you're going to call this video we've
got something to tell you dot dot dot
rightly but the pregnant stomach I've
got something to tell you no I just like
boy not pregnant stomach I woke up this
morning and I said to healthy can't be
only the whole family together to
announce them again Oh what did I say
hahaha I had a dream Alfie was giving
birth out of his penis I gave birth to
it wasn't a baby either too tired
it wouldn't come out of everything
irritation I'll be you gave birth in my
dream and would you made you like but it
wasn't a baby here it is up there a
sausage but it like a meat subject or
was it a baby the shape of a sock like
you know when you've seen a butcher's
how they make sausages oh yeah it comes
out I think it would you like that that
was coming out of your penis but it was
a baby it was your baby sighs it was a
baby sighs here trying sorry son it was
like this big
oh my god it was like heuristic was I'm
payin ya enjoy it you were in pain but
it wasn't as much pain as I thought so I
was saying to you in my dream to think
it's going to be more painful for me
just do it this is going to be more
painful you excited with it like
okay it's gonna be painful but once it
comes out we're going to have it because
it was a sausage it wasn't a baby it was
so weird but did you know if you were
having a proper contractions and I was
like maybe in the next contraction more
will come out or that you really have to
push and then you are trying to present
where you weren't having a contraction
and I was like don't put it now wait for
your contraction nothing's going to
happen and then the head is like Bowl
but it got to like nearly the end a
little Willy and then what the head of
the sausage yeah but it was kind of a
baby but sausage you don't forget your
dream when someone is someone but then
you don't see anything this is a dream
yeah I knew it was a dream when I was
having yet I know why didn't it just
like squeeze our humming you know it's
really all of her life didn't I couldn't
because I I don't know what it is I
don't really like bits of blood came at
the end of your willy and it was just
horrific like honestly it's gross
did I finish giving birth to this or no
half of it came up and broke off like
you know when you squeeze a blackhead
and only so it comes out but you can see
there's more in there it was like hot so
I still the hospice cottage baby and so
I living no it was a baby it was a baby
but it was a sausage when it came out
when the baby came out with another baby
students I know some of the baby so it
seemed a little bit today it was a baby
like you know how sometimes you like it
would give an expanse house but it
wasn't my house if that makes sense like
in a dream yeah it was it was a baby but
when the baby came out it was a sausage
but were you happy like it was a baby no
I was really disappointed because it was
and I was like oh no but there's still
more baby in there maybe the other half
is half the baby we won't know until it
comes out maybe it comes out and then it
turns into a sausage I don't know but it
was really weird clothes only we've got
this morning our baby on do have you so
good it so what is that it felt so real
I knew it was a dream obviously but it
just felt really real when I woke up on
like you like you really like messed up
haha
baby color
oh really really it and you are in pain
and I was like hold my hand squeeze
could I not broken your hand no I think
you said family dream so weird you want
to have novel got hair came out Molly
she was14 sausage anyway you need to go
to your video there's a reason men can't
have babies like a lot of how would a
baby come on Peter
like when were supposed to do that's why
that would be really painful with man
that's like what there's kidney stones
yeah except a baby boy it's not baby
sighs yeah anyway everyone will be
having nightmares all that mouth and no
one else dream about me barfing sausage
of babies out of my penis
of course there's sausages and then
other babies need to get us off the G
babies can somebody Photoshop a half
baby in half stoppage trying Photoshop
twice Photoshop what you think zombie is
imagining us in her head that she had
heard ein in ER though she hasn't oh but
then she understands what I met because
she's now standing by her bottle
she can spell di n NER she's bloody
going for it look at a go so what this
the other day is a pink hair dye
it's a pastor one week lost two to three
shampoos that's nothing for week I don't
think it's going to do too much to my
hair because my hair isn't like super
super blonde and obviously I don't want
to bleach it because then that's more
than a week but but I just want to try
it see what happens I'm going to put
some of this in my hair and just
identify need to wash my current
products out of my hair
oh my gosh okay that's like really
bloody thing Wow
oh my gosh what am i doing do you know
what's good when you try and dye your
hair pink and it literally does nothing
at all we're coaches I left it in for
half an hour just washed it all out
nothing not even the tiniest little tiny
bit in there oh it's been quite a few
hours since a lot of filmed anything
just a super super chilled evening with
Zoey
so I'm going to end it okay so thank you
so much for this born abroad guys if
you've enjoyed it
today's notification show that goes to
thank you so much for my notifications
turned on I will catch it why so I'm
really really tired right now I don't
really I catch in the morning guys
subscribe if you're not already I've got
such a Monday plan tomorrow
okay
