good morning guys good morning I doing
this 20 minutes past 6:00
he's got car pick you up at 7 o'clock to
go 7:30 yeah
and it's Sunday 7 o'clock on a Sunday
I'm ready to explain why we're here
today so basically we're here we've red
nose day and we're shooting a scene from
where what they were passionate what
have they called it red nose they
actually that's what we should have seen
for today is so busy in here
how you doing yeah I said I said a
minute from everything
oh it didn't bother rubbish youtuber
rubbish youtuber
just arrived he doesn't like to talk to
anyone I know he's got one of the themes
up this is the theme for the whole time
here we go really cringey these guys are
trying to make up dots down the stairs
like in the film going you got out on
cameraman - the boys don't make the
bosses with him nobody else for that
treatment it's just kind of like oh yeah
good show me girl kappa stylists over
there this kinda truck all this blue
cast of agent behind him over there
custards now working with his stylist
he's brought along with him making some
jokes with his team
a pointless woman all employed by Casper
it's really weird and kind of getting
told off for not wearing a jacket just
wearing a coat and we can kinda like the
kind of get hold of not forget order
should address last my customers just so
smart because he's got his stylist one
of Custer's makeup team is I'm now doing
it here for him yeah hi
if you were Picasa perfect name is Karli
Dimity which one of these three
pendulums your bodyguard
this one or this one are doing buddy
we're about to film to see why won't the
Legislature's changed not the camera
angles at one for the shot the scene
that little bit look this kind of thing
it's literally on you do it and we'll
need them the change camera angles comic
in you do it again you do the same thing
with twenty times man
good job good job so that's a wrap on
the shoot this morning I say this
morning it's now two o'clock
see you later guys good job good job
acting goodbye
since getting home I've just had lunch
edited the rest of the daily vlog on top
of in the car and half I'm going to go
back here the vlogs now go live and we
are about asunder is the busiest day
ever
we are about to record an episode as
artisans that was meant to go up to
yesterday on Saturday normally upload
4:00 p.m. every Wednesday and Saturday
we're going to stick to that we just
kind of missed this Saturday it was
myself I had a really that wasn't your
we could have pre filmed it in a van so
we recording it today - got tonight so
yesterday for you guys so if you haven't
seen the new Sims episode please go show
us some love go give it a thumbs up and
notice a day late we're sorry but we're
going to get back to normal schedule fun
fun today in our mindset come on before
we lose it it's a bigger well it's
bigger size it are not big a but it's
not a little tight in the body a-line
weird I don't know that they can
actually hurt you the most venomous
spider in the UK that one there is
actually you know a daddy longlegs I
hate or what they call it they're not
daddy long leg and what's the other one
as well a flying one I study don't like
what was it go fly just a spider but
it's like a house spider I hate those
guys the beach one but also hey and
they're the ones I don't like there's a
radius fight about you like then I want
I'd say this but the ones we've met I
hate lines long legs
and then also see I don't mind no more
because that would be big boys the ones
with long legs don't really have a body
they're like a tiny pinpricks again they
were like on your mic but they aren't
quick those are quick that's a quick
spider as always about to get rhythm no
you you are using their bug like his
ticket back and I'm going to try and see
I'm not after money even I don't like
spiders and let some bugs and stuff I'll
never tell me to like you know we can't
kill them
I'm not about that so I'm just right
gently removing it back to it it would
definitely come back inside so you need
to flick it though properly because I
don't know how is that what it's levels
are what it is but you know what you're
going to do is let it get into the
and it's going to run off oh I gotta
actually like honestly
do you remember we went to the Isle of
Wight I've got those video somewhere and
you're like freaking out you can do it I
can't because you drive an edge yeah
we're not looking like that and then
like you don't want a glass you don't
want to put it in a glass let me get an
amazing thing no cuz that's too big
oh don't use it don't use that you're
going to you're going to end up
squashing it if you use a magazine it's
too big Anita's that's good because it's
thin you can like bend without give it
that's good
I'm gonna actually let it run inside oh
please don't
oh it's quite sleepy ok perfect now
flick it out did it go
no no no no it's in the door get oh my
gosh what big legs sorry
yes away careful your hands up what
worried there you just need to get it on
the bucket of ice quite boys it's like
brown lots of gone run away don't touch
me with that like helpless you hide in
you must help us look good
who's this that mummy why is she scared
of the sticker pack uh Casper's brain
freeze videos just one live as oh and I
watch there now we haven't seen it
one came up so it's about an hour and a
half to two hours later we finished
filming the sinners episode I finished
editing the tins episode and it's now
finally uploading it's going to be off
in about 10 minutes we didn't see the
video it looks like this this is the
thumbnail the big day guys the big ships
episode is finally home supersize do you
guys care for you guys to watch it and
get excited and let us know what you
think
are you excited you excited to watch it
or you just sleepy as always knowledge
literally our lives just laying on the
floor next to us or sleep the whole time
in your bed weren't you just taking my
watching stuff off because that's going
to jump in the bathroom so II as you saw
in yesterday's I want to say daily vlog
maybe the one before yesterday lush sent
us three more of those giant lush bath
bombs there like I didn't call that
Mother Earth or something they literally
like the size of a mini football so
we're going to go and have a bath
together and have one of those I'm so
excited to just relax and chill out I
want to get I want to get an early night
sleep tonight I woke up this morning the
bloom in half past six
half past six did that thing again
didn't I
or I forgot to end the blooming blob so
we had the most relaxing bath ever and
that bath bomb is just incredible it
smells so good it's so relaxing it
fizzes for like 15 minutes or something
don't stick me don't kill me to that one
but Italy it feels for like 15 minutes
or something I know it sounds like a
responsible ash but I'm not it's
genuinely just an insanely bad one so
thank you so much lush for sending those
over but I got it back and I just fell
straight asleep I feel it Phil if you
guys not a half past 10 or something
insane like a never philippi that easy I
should be on one of these bar forms
every night that I fall asleep and then
I can wake up early without feeling
tired
today's shout-out goes to a me one two
three thank you very much for my
notifications and on if you've enjoyed
this vlog I'm sorry again for ending it
the next day
to get better this awesome so if you can
team up down there snoring snoring away
she's so tired if you enjoyed the blog
give it a big thumbs up let me know down
below and I would be you tomorrow which
is today for me I just had an eye test
through sewing and we just went out on
the moon nice little cute lunch in a
little town anyways you'll see tomorrow
okay
