why did I think it's a good idea to go
to bed last night
5:00 a.m. I'm not 16 anymore
I'm 23 5:00 a.m. I'm an idiot maybe like
2 a.m.
ah wake up ow
che just rung me and woke me up and he's
on his way over now book is today today
chaise let me dye his hair purple I
don't know why he's Vidya he just texts
me a sister Hagelin darker hair tomorrow
I was like yo I never done it before by
Kate so family that's what we're doing
this morning I did get your hair dye ya
know just to say yes to more things bro
you just got in life sometimes you just
have to say yes to more things take more
opportunities fulfill your dreams of
having that purple hair are we
definitely going powerful yeah I think
so
yeah I just want to follow my mom you
know she's got the fish I got that we're
set up for that year she actually does
just young savage so I'm going to follow
her later
okay oh boy this is the one chase that
is there that that's the one with a
silver silver show you one it purple the
only thing with that is it's a washout
turn one into a permanent I said it
what's the good plans and I don't know
what's not your brand
however L'Oreal is Lori out the only
platform
that Haman Haman and Pavel I think I
might will get that my hair so dark it's
going to be hard
the crucial hair is so dark yeah surely
we get the lighter one because then
you'd be able to see it more no cause
we're going to beat you how fast yes
I don't know every to get one of these
myself they wash out in one to two weeks
but the end issues I've got such
dark-colored hair that I don't think
it'll really do much thank you so much
Jay got the dye he's going purple he
also got bleach as well the bleachers
have fast because they're so dark I
ended up buying a one to two weeks
semi-permanent pink hair dye although I
don't really I don't think I'm good I
don't think I'm going to use that I
don't think it even do much my hair so
darn where are the good wishes show's
over the case you bought the roller
wanting to get the wrong one we did buy
bleach and we did buy purple hair dyes
yeah then for maximum blonde in kit to
make sure hair that color and then after
it be in that color we put this guy on
it shuffle here we go so we've just
found out so from Zoe Reed in the back
of the actual packet we've just sold
or toilets maybe we know it so let me
read the actual back of the packet the
hair dye product and on the back of the
packet it says do not dye your hair from
bleached blond to purple go from dark
brown into that vault
why didn't reach me the back is market
then we will about to buy the beach I
did read it I just think locked it
number one where's number one is little
value but no it doesn't know what it
says put them in there but it is more
worried about you ready it is good even
mega-powerful break off the applicator
bottle immediately after mixing it to
avoid a bottle conversion and damage the
product overflowing massage Michos
through the hand just fully saturate
into any color gets on your skin you
have hard for hair row I can't really
I currently lean back more it's alright
to do before and after you ready yeah
did you see you mom oh my god Alfred you
know look I caught it oh I got I should
not be doing this she's 92 months that's
why kind of it's a part of the route are
you close your eyes okay this is the
friendship test this is the biggest like
trust all my love the way company Boris
stinks I just want as many views mark
pot sorry I had a little enlarge it all
my hair to it nice I mean do I mean I
have that matter your mom told me that
she regretted doing a hair purple and
when I'm told me very having me
is there really like everyone know this
experience is like that I need to put in
my forehead is my part a sample tilt
your head chain that's that I feel like
I promise you it sounds bad feel like a
motion Allah I just like short hair like
they're sorry yeah I have to leave it to
like
Oh No get upset you want to cut a hole
head on Butler
you know the trick this would be a thing
in convention just like people get ahead
I
yeah well as I tell anyone Jana failed
you're thinking I did 9/11 people do it
with their unsent that's so it's not
okay it's like my regular hey what not
always have love chase game what do you
think so far
what's a TV show and where younger and
their people have different colored hair
not that I really know it we need I
think I'm actually half an hour's passed
you're a DJ yeah what do we do it out
just wash it out step number three rinse
and condition we have to wash out and
running I was raised in can make fun of
me happy you've got baffle hair that's
horrible Chevy's mom's also got purple
hair no I asked you know Rubino a sermon
in there in ago yeah come here
whoa is that the vice to happen or that
is not possible
Idina oh my god you're gonna have red
hair okay I feel like it might be
helpful
Oh invite these kids I could be like you
know when I can understand of color did
we die my arrows that through nothing
those are something I'm coming I'm
coming I'm coming
Oh what are you doing just ran all the
way downstairs technology Balkan you're
just sitting interesting in the Sun you
don't need the toilet do you you been
silly wanted some attention
I think it looks like real yeah like it
looks like my camera doesn't even show
it as much it doesn't realize it's like
probably family yeah but I think it's
that subtle I think it's good man
okay well jumping in the car to go get a
racquetball with my mum and my dad and
poppy and though can you get anything
side monkeys and grab the racquetballs
plumbing the draw completely the bot
that wouldn't be good then we would have
any balls to play with she's not
knowable racquetballs yeah
when you've made the sport or erratic
smaller basically we don't racquetball
is it's the same as squash that the ball
slightly bounce if it's slightly easier
right sorry I just
Justin Rosa for your hair is looking
good yeah yeah I like it we found them
good at Bizness
this has to be the stick itself your
head proper ball out here man can you
flip the screen on Alma it's so annoying
it doesn't look as much of my vlogs hey
a legit because the proper stadium we've
got both of them
we've got Shawn in a plane over here
there's re a mum pen over here they're
closed exactly these two let's you just
chatting to each other and these you're
gonna have a fight - knocking gel card
as possible
we it was eight to two dad and then I
just caught up and 11110 go and pop this
your second workout today we just go
back home chase currently having a
shower and Zoey and I are about to
finish off last night as you saw at the
end of yesterday's vlog I started
packing up all of the ball pit bulls and
I played over lunch up the floor and
stuff so we've still got this fall so
we're just going to stop it in the
bucket I'll do love that lets team work
out okay
this is the reality of clear enough
after a YouTube video it's not fun
the lovely of what Zoe helping me which
is nice enough I'm just excited to see
what video tomorrow I threw in there
oh yeah the kids yesterday when they
were over here they put so many of our
belongings into the ball pit like
chocolate bars a deck of cards just open
for denied knowledge toys look like this
just like card in here like things look
I'm standing on like oh my good boy
trampoline it was nice knowing you and
that is kind of where we left off
yesterday's vlog we ended up doing that
tied in the front room the cosy room
completely back to normal so we finally
won say finally it was my fault
got like a normal room back and we can
chill and watch TV and lay down and be
cozy if you're wondering why I'm wearing
like a suit kind of vibe you will see in
tomorrow's vlog ideas from that very
very exciting today with red nose day
and Casper and Louise and no me Hugh
Grant it was cool but before I end this
vlog I want to let you know about two
things number one not you know that
although I will let them know about you
number one is that there is news that we
sim absolute going up tonight I don't
know if it's going to be up by the time
you're watching this or whether it's
going to be up a little bit later but as
probably most likely as you're watching
this there will be a news out B Sims
episode gumming up the same times only
as soon as it's ready I'll leave a link
down below or you can check into my
gaming channel and number two is that
tonight I don't know what time but I
will leave a link again as soon as it's
ready down below I do the new videos you
saw last week I want to say with Casper
one for my main channel but I'm not
putting it up this weekend and one for
casters channel which is got at this
weekend so Casper and I did the brain
freeze challenge on casters channel it
looks something like this
oh my brain hurts it's cold enjoy
everybody I'm going to go make you just
love me okay see if you enjoyed that I
leave a link down below go check it out
go show some love go tell everyone in
the comments that I sent you over and
now I'm better than Casper none I don't
know let me just sit down and look at
the comments quickly of yesterday's vlog
because I need to pick I'll do it when I
meditate so the person here thank you so
much but not as foreigner toys thank you
so much when my notifications turned on
if you haven't done it already go down
below subscribe turn my notifications on
by hitting the little Bell button what
else is there
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it chase got blip in purple hair
although he didn't give a purple is what
we wanted to do so we might have read I
it I think I might dye my hair pink
I bought this will pink head I anyways
I'll see you tomorrow with the new daily
vlog
found the pain
