good morning guys good morning how you
doing hope you're having a lovely day
switching things up this morning and go
into a cafe to edit the vlog so that I
can get breakfast and a coffee even
though I'm not allowed coffee while said
it in the vlog
Bishop h6 surcharge or one on top
I've received completely busy Michael
wasted it see another fee of core has
broke on a pocketknife I've got two
amazing looking for food
I don't know how I'm yet to speak about
Ed's new album and Sarah's new single
however I even got a minute into the
video without mentioning those two
things can we talk about divide being
unbelievable I've listened to I think 14
out of the 16 songs right now still got
a couple left to listen to I'm obsessed
like I was not ready for supermarket
flowers that song that song hit me hard
and then we've got Sarah's new song from
her EP call me out that came out this
morning or last night at 12 o'clock and
oh my gosh I've been hearing that song
as it's been made over the last like
however long she's been making that song
different version someone's ringing me
stop bringing me there's been like
different versions being made in
different master copies or what I don't
know whatever that called I don't do the
music thing this song is so sick so I'm
going to leave both links down below
Ed's album I'm sure everybody has heard
of it ever already because it's like
number one everything already and also
Sarah closest song which you should
definitely go and check out definitely
listen to it's from the EP this is her
first ever original song that she's ever
released so what do you guys to show it
so much love so much support go down
below I'm going to leave a link go and
pre-order the EP it's sick like I've
heard it it's amazing I'm so excited I'm
so excited for her and the edges like
women Edd's ed Sheeran Sarah this is
Sarah's first-ever song up there now to
edit one because I don't if you could
hear me in there there was no plug
socket I stupidly went there with a
percent charge on my laptop I bought my
laptop charger with me no seats in there
have plug sockets so I didn't end up
hitting the blog I just ended up the it
loads of delicious food and now I'm like
incredibly full up and I had a whole
bottle of water and a decaf latte no
caffeine anyways we should head back now
because I just needed to go and edit the
vlog and beige just been trying to call
me I think he wants to meet up and and
go and play squash or something
Wow
that's very pretty sick yeah Picasa
isn't that the most beautiful harness
you have ever seen it what is this the
one with the company made us yeah that's
why we clean design is that the one the
dog the pug she just does the copilot so
she did this one look at all the beading
I've never seen anything like it it was
all custom-made so let me explain so
basically guys you know and dunk the
punk came over he had the most amazing
I'm sure did I show it in the video I
don't think I did it's on something here
grounding me but I don't think I filmed
it he was wearing this it was like the
Royal is like Buckingham Palace kind of
yeah dressed as one of the people but
nonetheless you stand there like one of
the gods with the garnet don't move
and he was like an amazing custom piece
that this woman made for him and I
actually loved it as oh he loved in the
woman go in touch with us and so can I
make Nala a custom outfit and were like
okay so she's made this harness this is
the first time I'm seeing it she's
called Sally Nala
look how pretty that is you can look at
it so it's all beaded and the reason if
you did a lion act with cos Nala from oh
my gosh on the line part you're so lucky
beautiful let me take it off because you
can all say although she's made so
lovely and she's got Nala sit
that's so crazy this she's got it like
things not having everything and me
fucking head out you go and then you can
detach this bit no way do you know what
that is all the time oh my god she's
just got like a legit really nice
harness as well and you can also attack
this one you go attack the feathers
which teacher and eat or the felt like
that made so thick she'd make like she
said if not I want to oh my gosh it's so
nice and soft in there
is you can advert she
gnarly you're going to look like the
best pug in the world at a park look at
that that's like crazy so I have taken
two pictures not ready what her company
what what what solid swirly Queen
designs so she hand makes any so she
does custom so you should see some of
the ones who studies and Belle from
Beauty the B really yeah like little
tuxedos like there's so many amazing one
she's done and no two will ever be the
same
she just hadn't mix whatever you want my
hair's crazy today I haven't really done
it I kind of got a shower but put
product in it whilst it was wet and then
I've just left it so it's kind of like a
fluff ball anyway I need to get on with
actually editing this video so I went
all the way to the coffee shop
you know I bought my charger with me
nowhere to plug in your thing
hi so I have breakfast or lunch I really
good food and just couldn't edit my blog
so it's just been delivered a parcel
with it for you or me
well IMing it with for me no perhaps if
it was for me but you won nine right
let's see there could be a letter guys
it's from lush it's probably I'm already
open this I know what it is but that is
there a letter saying to our floor Zoey
in there nice Vanessa
liquid glass surprise oh my god this is
just one of the big ones I think people
know there's no one this is for me
because they saw my video they kill my
vlog they saw me get bad that you you
know they saw in my vlog that I loved it
and I suggest pretty much thank you so
much president me I'm going to use all
of them in one bar without those
see how they're so big I'm so excited
now I don't have to go to London I'm
even more excited I'm so glad he's been
without like being serious you know how
good they are
I can't wait I'm gonna have one tonight
with my glass of water I don't Bowl bit
as well but I just talked under here for
now Mary look at the bullshit
why are you recently I saw I'm mad about
it the other day but in no way were in
the living room there's been a new walk
across los login nave and I am back
bowling because as you know last time
did you meet me by one point will be
named nineteen days ah nice I'm Dave
beat me by one point
okay there sorry more dudes one for one
or so here's a one or two boys dinner
we're back today we've only got time to
like one maybe two game days could get
back dear friend I've got to go to
Julie's coming over tonight so I can't
be late for then the brush is on there
you go the pressure is all gross man if
you beat me I'm going to buy you a pin
if you beat me I'll buy you on for the
woods yeah as a trophy this drone
business good luck thank you're going to
need it right okay
mr. 9 head
how are you feeling in one word Rockland
they doesn't want me to film this he's
going home there's no even playing the
second game last shot today
I'm now officially 9-pin day yeah what's
the top score that you've ever got
bowling my top score I got the other day
you saw in the vlog with Holly and Jesse
I've got 169 what's your top score what
you do this in bro go get practice in
yeah are you doing eat as I told you go
earlier the secona Jolie's to come in
tonight we haven't seen them in bloom in
ages they're coming over tonight
so they're bringing the kids obviously
so we're filling up the bull bit and
everything for the kids I was going to
take this all down today what I would do
it's going to join either here on you're
literally just God oh really yes this
man yeah like you go down then you just
bring the baby up like a ball hit birth
like a water birth we're currently
playing find knowledge toy are you I
really invited everybody
hi everyone look away
Go Go Joe immediate waiting for
yeah it's gone he's gone I actually
don't own one hey buddy so immediate
done off the drawing so we're not going
to find out about drawing window nothing
written anything
where is it that said Melanie that said
dolly that silly little baby a big
announcement guide those got baby in her
tummy oh no it looks like you got baby
no honey you're not anyway where is it
what was her baby is it is it albee baby
yeah that's good I drop it okay it don't
paint and that's a wagon and a doing one
more yeah we on date night so we finish
having dinner and ever they were back in
the ball pit trampoline room we're about
to watch release the hounds which was on
TV yesterday I'm sure most of you guys
have already watched by now if you
haven't go check it out Jonathan held
off viewing it I haven't seen either
snow the held of you in it so one of my
BFF I'm the baby
yes he's a guy from quite a while now
but my tears came down like holding the
baby
yeah that guy honestly I know I mean
there's tying everyone's feet together
with this like a YouTube video hasn't
diverse
we could do it the DIY home bar Shannon
oh look at these two so fast 11 release
nails are finished and about thing do
you think I'm one of the tired one and
I'll next be playing poker
an hour goes awry I've told the kids
that that they can take with a board
home wherever they can fit in a bag they
can take home Sunday thank you hahahaha
you're never ever going to come over no
I take the wagon mom as if you want as
well not back you know anyone in there
you can open that one up
why are you so late where you being
alone why believe me hey dougie that's
why he took so long
it's 307 in the morning this is the last
hand
last hand boy be
oh he's kissing the tip process a man I
guess nothing I found that are very
quickly
occasion but I'm full pockets in a road
look into the road cause he had many
shows in so the guy okay is a little
nagging I said no there's the nine and a
king oh I just got home
I knew tonight was going to be a late
one because it's going to these left
like half-past eleven then you can get
my friend Lawrence's house until like a
twelve o'clock like nearly midnight when
I was younger I used to go to bed like
3:00 4:00 a.m. all the time I used to
gain all day and go to bed super super
length not anymore though
this is going to hit me hard hit me hard
tomorrow I'm going to start clearing up
of tonight's mess now if I can them and
do this I don't know if this is sensible
or if I'm just going to be even more
tired tomorrow
around me
