knowledge love in the ball pit aren't
you having fun zyphus good morning guys
good morning guys good morning how you
doing
I'm currently cleaning up all of the
ball pit bulls that I spilt creating
yesterday's video if you didn't see
yesterday's video I make this a ball pit
with 10,000 bull pit bulls and it's
actually that sick like let me just show
you one that will trump just in case you
didn't see yesterday's video you can
literally run I'd like died and died
like straight in but it is so
comfortable and definitely going to be
watching some movies in there tonight
like a little ball pit cinema oh that's
there I didn't even think about that
but first I need to tidy out all of
these and then get on with today's house
chores I've got to take some more
rubbish to the charity recital into the
tip tidy up all of my clean clothes that
I washed up yesterday put the dishwasher
on clean and tidy the house a bit for
when Zoey gets just the usual making the
house all nice and fresh and changing
the bedsheets and stuff for when Zoey
gets home tonight
how you doing are you sunbae then you
haven't little chew in the Sun yeah oh
my gosh you feel so nice and warm so
what do miss my lunch I'm possibly doing
one of the one of the weirdest things
I've ever had to do but do not hmm maybe
weird isn't the right word it's normal
to do I just never really properly
thought about doing it this is a will
questionnaire if I could super thick
document loads of pages inside basically
if I was to pass away if I was to die
who gets what belongings of mine who
gets my money who gets who gets the
property that I own and like you know
how old's that that I used to live in I
still own that and I rent out to
somebody at the moment so who would get
these different things and in what
percentages so I can give it all to
poppy I could get everything to my mum
and dad I could give things to my
cousin's to family
- friends - I don't know I've just never
really thought about stuff like that
this is a weird thing to think about and
I suppose it's just good to just do so
that touch was nothing happens but if
something did happen there wouldn't be
like arguments in my family but who
would wanted war and what I would have
wanted people to have a like who would
have liked being serious I who would
have this YouTube channel but even the
simplest things like that like who would
have the right to log in to this YouTube
channel if they wanted to upload the
videos Nollan is mine and Zoe's but
she's our joint pet so obviously I'm
going to write in the world that if I
was to pass the word before not other
Zoe gets Nala it can it can often cause
argument so I imagine if my like my mom
dad like no we want Nala and Oliver's
outfit and then there's like an argument
and I'm not around anymore to be able to
help settle basically basically whilst
having my lunch on a casual Thursday and
write in my will I mean it is going to
be checked out I'm not literally just
writing it all now I can live and do all
that profit lawyers and everything but
there is like pages and pages little dog
like how many pages actually are there I
haven't even looked at one thing yet in
respect of any of these assets specified
above do you share ownership share use
share expenses do you have any funeral
wishes
that's all if you have any young
children you should appoint one or two
guardians in this case and I don't have
any children I wonder if I can just say
like who gets my watches my bracelet my
laptop who gets all my cameras like that
I have you guess oh here we go
at that car boat I actually do own boat
I have a couple of kayaks but I mean
they're like 60 quid each they're not
like it's not worth being in my will
jewelry furniture pink furniture let
myself thought like who would own my
shed in the Creator store the
merchandise companies I own well I
better get filling it out and decide
that you know what's going on this is
weird I feel like it's a good thing to
do it's a lot later than when I was last
blogging I've lit you've been tidying
lighting candles sorting up the pillows
all tidy or the tables will try the
another candle guinea pigs are all like
fed and
tried in everything all of the side is
all clean look at the kitchen
I've literally tidied everything and
I've done that 90% of my clothes as well
upstairs like that's what's been taking
me all that I've also put in a hairband
remember if you've been watching the
blogs for a long time will knows I used
to wear one of these hairband things to
keep my hair back don't worry I'm not
I'm not going to start wearing it again
I'll let you two put it on sir I'll wait
to forget every time I do that help
looking over there every time I do house
chores I forget just how hot you get I
can to take this off and just do a
topless and my hair is annoying me in
the way of my face so I just so put a
headband thing back in tonight for me is
release the hounds like it is finally
going on TV tonight tonight at 9:00 p.m.
tonight for me release man I'm in like
proper shock right now I've just lost
the phone like a phone call meeting kind
of things like half an hour the vlog has
been up 32 minutes and it's already got
7100 thumbs up 7,000 in 30 minutes
well I don't think I don't think of
wrong has ever had that kind of react
thank you thanks that's that's crazy
give me that toy give me up good
so it's just got home and she's she's
seen the foampit what do you think
nothing football bit I mean are you
going to drop this way surely you want
to jump long ways but you want your
longer than that really
okay I wanted to come home and like cozy
up on safer community that this is here
this is still cozy this is not who is
once you're in it trust me you're gonna
say it's comfortable you have to jump
and lay down flat like reach out why
don't you I can quite high enough
yeah it just go for a little bit cozy is
let a man lay down it's so cozy home
that you're not in that cozy I don't
like anything I'm sorry blanket oh my
god
no actually can don't lose all the balls
Oh oh my god literally can't see you at
all no not at all
hello do you like it you like the ball
pit I think she done decided knowledge
love in the ball pit aren't you yes I'm
son you haven't found by yourself
chillin in there because I fishes and I
haven't really thought much this evening
but we've just been chin and hanging out
and those just in dinner
I haven't eaten dinner because I
stupidly had a snack like 5 p.m. oh my
gosh it's tough now yeah so now it's
dropped now look what is that John is
actually on a gay gay gay right right
this second literally look really sound
like it's on TV I've seen it already I'm
seeing it already but this is your guys
first time watching this I need to snap
judge erlick what one sec look at you
oh my god I've seen this this is the
fourth time I'm watching this and it
still doesn't good just the first oh my
god it's gone
goal avoid going out be going out be I
can't show the vlog I'm gonna have to
cut a up I'm going to lose so many
pullers tonight on Twitter because I'm
tweeting every two minutes so I'm very
sorry for yesterday guys I'm non-stop
tweeted I'm basically like commentating
whilst this is going on on my Twitter it
is so good if you haven't seen already
I'll do my best to try and leave a link
down below where you can watch online or
something like there must be some kind
of like by TV to capture thing that you
can watch it if you haven't seen it you
need to check it out it so it's it I
don't want to spoil anything from my
vlog so just go check it out
okay
are
