good morning guys good morning it's 9
o'clock you get up you come down under
the covers yeah I've just been sleeping
under the cover seventh yay
this room feels so light fresh and
bright I can never wake up feeling like
this like I feel really really good
because they know I'm on their breakfast
you don't want your breakfast
looma neck how does that mean you do
does that mean you want your breakfast
oh okay
you know to punch me in the head it's
the first of March today how is it
already March I don't know if it's
because I'm older or than if it's just
the same of everyone watching this time
goes so quickly how is it March I don't
normally do any of this like opening all
the blinds turning all the lights on
taking this one out to the toilet in the
morning but it's actually quite nice
this is like proper waking me up getting
like the fresh air in hitting my face
straight away maybe I should do this
more don't tell Zoe I said that or what
she's going to expect me to do it more
she wakes up so much earlier than me and
his farm of waking up earlier am i fat
knowledge but at night time don't I why
do everything at night as always does
everything in the morning good girl
Burnham when possible my favorite time
to edit my daily vlogs is to sit down
with a bowl of cereal all my breakfast
first thing when I wake up just get it
done
get out loaded get it scheduled so
there's no chance they could possibly be
late yeah or falling at the checkout at
least valid variant listings I just
finished up a ton of meetings is
currently five minutes past twelve I've
got I've got 55 minutes until I've got a
meeting in town and I'm going to spend
these 55 minutes tidying up I'm just on
the dishwasher and refilled it again
just sort of that one of our fridge
we literally have nothing so I need to
pop out shop in
grab some bitch to the when Zoey of
iPhone tomorrow's called the state balls
like the chicken and bacon and tomatoes
and vegetables and all the normal stuff
that we on an average day are fed Nala
giving her a drink and need to take her
out in a minute
tipping about the end up all of their
food I need to go to oil my clothes and
stuff from the photo shoot yesterday I
basically got tons of small little jobs
to do that's the plan for today to make
the house really really nice so that
when Zoey comes I mean yes I have
installed a trampoline into our living
room and yes or maybe added something
else to that stupid tonight but I feel
that everything else we can make really
really nice like build a recycling
recycling fill the fridge with really
nice delicious food tidy everything up
put all my messy clothes away change the
bedding on the bed that's one thing I
need to do I need to put new sheets a
new duvet and everything on our bed to
put on one of the new pairs of shoes
that I got given yesterday I love these
so much
they're like so soft are we going to go
out guys I cannot stop listening so is
it good just like this
I suppose I took my headphone out these
new headphones are sick something just
like this the chainsmokers and Coldplay
this stylist sorted me out I'm wearing a
new hoodie new jacket and new shoes let
me know what you think of this outfit
guys this is the kind of thing that the
stylist was like choosing and hooking me
up with know what you running away do
you not want to go on a walk coming in
coming in that's going to walk see you
tomorrow bye tonight I'm off for dinner
with Holly I don't know where she is she
was meant to be coming here my friend
Holly you all know you all love her she
was meant to be here thirty-one minutes
ago and she's still not here I heard the
car door just closed outside so she
might be outside now but I have no idea
what do you think of it wonderful thank
you they're very old free she ate duck
you got your bouncer but you can you
just don't stand up watch about how
people work Holly's just reminded me
that we haven't turned over our struggle
our calendar guys are you ready let's
see what it is that is so good I love
that picture even though we're three
months into the year there is still some
available if you guys want to grab one
I'll leave a link down below to where
you can get one there is still some
available that literally is the same
photo yeah I was just thinking that very
nice at that time it was all lit up
really lovely we're just heading off to
a place for dinner tonight it's kind of
it's not posh though is a little bit
emember
it's not like a grab-and-go kind of food
it's maybe you're in there for like an
hour or so I went I would say one time
you might seen in the vlogs that it's
really really cool the food is like
crazy really extravagant stuff
apparently we've got two seats on the
bar so we're going to be able to see
everyone cooking everyone's food which
is it just go that's my favorite spot
and then we're just hitting the now food
silo what do you think so far it's nice
in here we've just got some bread or
anything with Dryden
this is kombucha guys it's like 1%
alcoholic but like a very good drink
it's really good for you
the fish number one got some chicken and
I never clue all the rest one what look
at that thank you so much this is our
dessert - got you got corn in it
we've just finished up in the restaurant
it was so good like did you like it yeah
it is bit of a risk place because we've
been there a couple of times and the
food light as you saw I didn't really
feel much but like we sat on the bar
whilst everyone was cooking the food in
front of us that I can ask the best spot
because you can it's song I love
watching them prepare everything like
I've always and then worked in the
kitchen I've always thought how much
work and how hard it would be timing
wise and stuff they seemed quite calm no
they did yeah but maybe let's just have
it on those wrong because we're there
yeah I like being able to like ask them
questions as well yeah just ask them
what it is they're doing how they're
doing everything and then my friend Toby
was cooking like he was like the chef
but tonight whatever and well we've both
known Toby for like years I didn't I
didn't competitive gymnastics with Toby
and his brother
yeah back in the day though they were
liking my group yeah and so Toby gave us
the family friends discount amazing
thank you so much but also gave us like
done it what's in here some cookies and
some brownie or something a bloomin loaf
of bread and their breads made like
fresh every morning and gave us a I
don't want to knock things over to silo
muffins as well the place is called silo
if you want to go check it out and
Brighton I definitely advise it the menu
is cool you can either choose like
vegetarian or like vegan I'm not sure
meat or fish and like it's just the
reset menus it's good it's eating a lot
of things that you wouldn't normally try
I would never - done be--we'd and was
everything we had in our dessert see see
bug see box I don't even know there was
box something like that green sauce was
like pine bark or something wasn't at
that point lead where's my doggy top of
my gosh it's of an excited it's someone
excited coming in hey hey hey oh my gosh
I've just got tucked up into bed this
little one is completely fast asleep
it's so weird having the full bed to
myself like there's only not being here
I still don't sleep in the middle for
some reason like even when I go to
hotels even when there's always away
even wanna stay at friends houses or
whatever I always sleep on my side of
the bed which is the right-hand side of
the bed if you're laying in it though he
always sleeps on the left-hand side I've
tried to switch out and trade with her
before so let's try sleep them on each
other side the bet she never has it
she's never ever up for that I don't
know why I mean I prefer I'm the
furthest away from the door so if we
ever got like broken into and someone
came to get us
I'm the safe one however if we needed to
escape I'm also decide this away I mean
I don't know I would need to escape
just enough I got the talking about that
but I'm all tucked up in bed
today's notification shout-out goes to I
just have their name up it was Libby at
Kelly Haywood 6 on Twitter
thank you for my notifications turned on
if you want to shout out into my video
as always all you have to do go down
below subscribe and press the little
Bell button tell my notifications on and
then call it down below once you've done
that or tweet me whatever you want
build swimming pool ball bit that was
the main thing that I wanted to do in
today's vlog because tomorrow I think at
about 4 o'clock Zoe arrives home I'm
going to do it tomorrow morning
first thing I'd like cleared out my
diary tomorrow so that I can like make
the household fresh and nice and change
the bed sheets and everything so that
when very arrives home the house is
looking like amazing I'm not going to
end the vlog here I'm going to see you
guys in the morning we will do that
first thing and I will put it all in
this vlog give the video a thumbs up if
you're excited I'll see you in a second
good morning guys we are back and today
today we're building apparently I mean
look we got a blood swim pool and now
I've just got to somehow get 10,000 bull
pit bulls from the shipping in our
garden probably through this window
through this window I don't know if this
is actually a good idea or or whether
it's just going to be such an effort to
clear up the last one our end are you
ready to see ha ha ha
I just went to my car and I found this
foot pump that I have for one of my um
one of my block kayaks we go up living
block paddling pool on my trampoline in
my front room and 23 am i doing the lie
in the 23 years that I've been alive
I'd never once thought what is the best
way I could possibly enter a ball pit
what am i doing put it in 10,000 bull
bit balls in a block through a ball on a
trampoline in my living room and I'm 23
I'm not 8 years old
I feel like that you need to run and
dive in by I'm a little bit scared hit
my head on the ceiling it's only the
room was big enough I could have put the
ball pit on the floor and flipped from
the trampoline into the ball it's not
big enough though
notice the speed down there you don't
even know what's going on in this room
oh my god that worked so well those that
this is so comfy or not I can hear them
all falling on the floor
can you even see me oh my gosh I can
actually sleep in this this is actually
really like this is so comfortable so
you can't even see me
there we go should we jump oh it's
bouncy because the trampoline underneath
as well a ready for a front drop I'm
just good belly flop as hard as I can
oh my god it is so oh oh my god I drop
the camera I couldn't even find it I
want to see
get the big bitch block you ready I
don't know what that looks like
3 2 1 I'm going to a super manner oh my
gosh I need to end it I need to tidy
director out and carry on with my chores
because lo he is going to be home it
sound like Anne Wheaton I'm not it's all
the Bulls born in everywhere
nothing it's going to be home in like
three hours or something if you've
enjoyed the video guys give it a big
thumbs up so he doesn't know about this
bull pair so she's going to be in for a
little bit of a shock when she gets home
hopefully she enjoys it
you'll see that in tomorrow's vlog good
night
background the pain
