good morning guys good morning how you
doing you join me today in sunny
Brighton today I'm off to a photo shoot
it starts at 10:00 and ends at 5:00
today I've got a seven hour photo shoot
I've got all my shoes in here got my
clothes over there we've got a stylist
they got hair and makeup
oh this balcony is sick on this
photoshoot guys all right I want to show
you guys some of the images Bom Bom Bom
right that was such as that was such a
sick photoshoot that was my favorite
photo shoot I've ever ever had come on
come on come on why sheikh noor me um
okay okay she's calling me back
ela how you doing I'm good
my blog is about to go live so I just
thought I'd turn to come around and show
you something online our bedroom when
our cozy room Russian Allah look I slept
last night
it's over there is fire don't worry
there's a coffee table this is staying
here now me and Sean had a trampoline
competition last night
is it your dinnertime coming in so I
don't know if I've told you I don't know
if I've shown you guys this before but
what Zoe and I do is steal these
sandwich bags with the amount of weight
that is niala house for her breakfast
and her dinner
so the instead of weighing out every
single day we wait
turns out once and then every time it's
a breakfast or dinner we can just pull
one into a bowl and it's so much easier
and then good go let's have a catch-up
with how that photos you went further
shoot footage what I say that with the
photo shoot as sometimes see words
really weirdly let's have a catch-up or
so I am well aware that my t-shirt looks
like it's got random bits of pizza on it
it's not pizza think it's meant to be
like explosions but I just pasted on
Zoe's you like why is your t-shirt got
heaps on there if I didn't explain well
enough area which I don't think I did
that photo shoot was from my book the
point has put three money book coming
out the press from my new book just
things things to do with the book so
pictures inside the book put someone's
really me they can wait for magazines
and stuff when the book comes out
interviews just to have to have the book
and for my Instagram and stuff like that
and there's some sick pictures so
basically today the shoot was from ten
until five o'clock I'm going to be
honest I didn't really want to have a
photo shoot the lasted that long that
seven hour photo I'm not really too keen
on having my picture taken I don't
really think I'm very photogenic but it
ended up loving it and I don't mean like
the picture being taken part of thinking
I'm like some model because I'm
definitely not but I just loved it as a
whole either hair and makeup artist who
is awesome I just stylist who had never
met before
and was so so sick like she she managed
to pick close from looking at pictures
of me and and a few emails beforehand
she managed to pick outfits that I would
actually wear myself and even better
like I didn't even know this was a thing
I've never ever had this happen before
so the brands and clothes that I was
wearing today in the photos instead of
just buying them and then giving them
back afterwards the shop which a lot of
stylists do she contacted the PR
companies and said that I would be
wearing them in the photos and managed
to get it so that I get to keep with the
clothes afterwards like what I didn't
even know that was a bloomin thing I've
got literally four new pairs of shoes
about four or five six jackets a coat
pairs of jeans trousers five six
t-shirts all in a bag in the other room
just brand new for me so then
very much of you one of the companies
like vans River Island top man there's
so much smaller brands as well thank you
so much you know who you are if you're
watching thank you just everything the
photographer Dan was sick it was like
the first time I've ever worked of him
so he's worked with him before
my book publishers were there lunch was
amazing I'd pizza for lunch but now it's
Pancake Day and I'm home alone with my
doggies and I haven't had any pancakes
but did have pancakes on set but I
wasn't hungry this morning for breakfast
so I didn't actually have any but they
did have pancakes on set for me just in
case I wanted them what do you think in
well you thinking Missy gonna come on
the trampoline coming up about I should
just say don't you worry 9 I have not
been by yourself all day you guys know
that we don't ever need out empty like
there is never ever a point that we
leave this house empty I'm just too
scared I've told you before I'm too
scared of being burgled and there's so
many people know that we live here so at
all times we have somebody in the house
so all day we've had somebody like
playing with Naya and watching the house
and stuff like that and taking you out
for a walk didn't a did you go out for a
walk she's so silly and then no one else
watching this video got a pug pugs are
like they're just so funny
also I completely forgot to say you know
my book the new one coming out the
pointless book 3 I'm currently working
on that
I'm working on tons of different pager
ideas so far I think I've got I've got a
deadline tomorrow so the day that you're
watching this for tons of new pager
ideas so far I think I've come up with
what was it a hundred to 104 but I'm
still going to come to be working on so
if there's any pages that you love from
the pointers but one or the pointers
with two or anything that you can think
of that you think needs to be in this
book because I want this book to be like
a proper collaboration I want it to be
me and you guys working on it as well
when you can be involved when you to let
me know what you want in the book what
you want out the book what was your
favorite from the previous books I want
to make this one the best not or not I
don't want to this is going to be the
best one the XO and though it is let me
know in the comments sweetmeat tag me on
instagram however you want to contact me
which is probably the easier so check
that one like a million times a day
twing me any ideas that you want to see
going in the point of this book three
and I'm going to have a look through
them in fact use the hashtag like
hashtag pointless book three ideas with
a number three there we go we've even
got a bit hashtag this is now like
official I mean they say it's official
as I'm sitting on a trampoline in my
living room why am I so weird
so I just don't put me a message Kappa
pancakes do that asking - what's up our
pancake day this is her reply - okay I'm
going to attend oh shut up yeah go to
the gym you are not going to any gym
don't lie to yourself don't lie to me
don't lie to anyone you are eating
pancakes you're not gonna eat any
pancakes today but your new blog post
was on bloomin pancakes oh yeah that's
true
are you going to the gym then you're
coming nah you are nah I don't even have
pancake mixture what you've got that
eggs flour I do have eggs flour milk
just for now we're putting all the
bedding onto the trampoline
we're going to make like a proper make a
proper nice cozy like film / TV watching
place you know you got your little tooth
you're nice and comfy up there it's time
to chill eat some food
and watch Netflix every Wednesday and
Saturday there is a new Sims episodes as
you're watching this right now there's a
link down below to watch the news at the
Sims episode what a kind of what a why
can it come out work as watched there
I've watched I've watched I've watched a
lot of YouTube tonight I don't know how
it's got so late I was planning on doing
something crazy to this room something
extra something the you guys have all
been asking me to doing
comments I'm going to have to do
tomorrow cat the time is 1 minute FAFSA
Levin o1 with us 11 in the evening and
I'm knackered I just fell asleep
watching a documentary on YouTube this
trampoline is so cozy there's only one
thing that is going to be more
comfortable the land on this trampoline
will being in bed and that is having a
bath the thought of being in a nice warm
bath right now seems like the best thing
ever and I've just remembered that lush
sent me the world's biggest bath bomb
yesterday like it is literally like when
you can fit my hand light is so big it's
so blooming a hot but why do I do this
every time I burn myself and decide it
in I would never risk going naked while
slog in like I know that some people
have done it I probably like I'm
probably like snapchat my faces I felt
almost in the bath naked but videoing
with things like this and like this
little reflective thing you never know
scale reflect so this place is only on
FaceTime about using this bath bomb and
she she seemed a little bit sad because
I think she wanted to try it with me
and so but the dublicate is this is this
is one bath one from lush I told sorry
to make it up to her I will buy a one
the only issue with that is that they
don't sell them in Brighton they also
don't sell them online the only place
apparently can get the bark on it in
London Oxford Circus or something
they're like a special life matters mush
store so for me to use this bottle in
this video in return I'm going out to go
all the way to London I think if we work
I think it's worth it oh my gosh this is
ripped like that is insane three 200
feet apart
boom
okay so far seems quite normal like it
is massive but my part is literally
already changed color and it's still
this big I wish I thought I could go pro
under the water so you can see me from
underneath this smells so good holy crap
oh my gosh back up okay okay somehow I'm
going to probably lay down and enjoy
this part now see you in a minute just
come into the bedroom to find nyla like
this he may see you on my pillow hey you
sleeping on my pillow thank you so much
watching the vlog if you've enjoyed it
you know what to do give it a thumbs up
subscribe etc etc etc today's
notification shadow goes to this person
thank you so much having my
notifications on and watching the video
I'll catch you in the morning
okay
