right these guys are all heading off
goodbye
have a fun time goodbye see you later
goodbye I'll look after the house you
trust me see you later good bye have fun
yeah see you later good bye
and then if this is some kind of joke I
don't know if this is some kind of joke
what's going on what's happenin look at
the blooming weather if I open this door
you ready it's literally like a
hurricane Oh Mike there's actually hail
like it's hailing I've got the house all
to myself
okay knowledge in might be saying that
maybe okay okay
okay we've got the house were sharing it
to show us as well so there are a couple
of small minor things that I've wanted
to do to this house some small tweaks
but though he isn't so keen on them
happening but though he isn't here so
he's not back into a Thursday though we
can't stop any of these things happening
we're going to do whatever we want to do
I'm just playing around with my deeds in
my head there's a few different things
that I've always loved to do I love to
buy stupid things and normally these
things have to belong outside for
example the bouncy castle I bought for
example the hot tub dye board for
example the 10,000 bull pit bulls that
are in our shed but I don't know where
to put this week I know exactly where
it's all going
it's coming in this house I'm telling
you I'm trying to think of any reasons
why it wouldn't be a good idea to move
this coffee table and put a trampoline
in the middle of the room so that watch
for watching TV was when watching a film
we can match in a trampoline or we can
sleep on the trampoline I can't think of
any reasons why it wouldn't be a good
idea
it is raining so much outside and I'm by
myself sat in my car about to buy
blooming trampoline Toys R Us
you said 29 minute pickup I'm here for
my pickup
I got the best parking spot in the lot
as well that's the exit of the shop you
come out here my cars here
I don't know if I'm going to fit this in
my room you know but I throw my feelings
aren't that high I think that's
definitely going to fit really well in
the front room I'm just little bit
worried about the height but maybe we
could we wanted to bend it down a bit
hey have you got any of the certain
trampolines 8 foot ones in stock
thank you just texting Zoe a picture of
where I am you do perfect and I grab one
just a pink okay yeah how big is the box
thank you so much West Park yeah thank
you Kevin yeah I don't know how that was
so successful then look she had it in
stock and it clicks in the car how the
bloomin heck am I going to carry this
out by myself
yeah oh my god trying to do the test to
see how tall we can have it my fingers
touched the ceiling so now that's too
sure I feel like I can touch the top of
the trampoline all right we need to move
this table over there so we can fully
have this bit free you watch me build
this yeah are you ready for the big
reveal
we went pink it's blue in pink I love it
that is the perfect size
I'm sweating out I need to have a great
guys putting these Springs on it's a
little bit hard
and this bit doesn't fit small no that
hitting the ceiling I can't fit on you
know when you think something's going to
take about 20 minutes to do and it ends
up taking like an hour and a half
ask me right now I haven't touched it
yet
it is time to try the trampoline out
everybody oh my gosh I can still fully
stand up but I cannot stand up and
bounce up as I wait my head so I can
still do like seat drops and backdrop do
you want to come on are you watching me
coming in let's see what you think of it
what is it nada
haha you're scared
it's a trampoline in our house yeah oh
hello you wanna see something yeah you
ready you ready three two one this is
day one this is day one don't you worry
yoyoyo
what do I never called oh she's so
excited isn't it it's like the perfect
size
that's our sleeping tonight oh how
jealousy of this okay close your eyes
it's what Russian today they must have
seen my 500 bath bomb video blow-dried
no you can't take home any of that close
your eyes just close your eyes or yams
out that's one fastball nah this
everyone Bob look uh pick it is oh my
gosh
I wanna isn't that insane into education
cannot be harmed by any yeah religion
your bathroom or diseases I am prison it
sick or currently watching Deadpool or
slain on the trampoline and I body the
girls are looking at Instagram and stuff
over that isn't it really convey is that
like actually like I'm going to sleep on
it tonight for yeah yeah the only thing
I'm worried about sleeping on here is
having not on here with me I don't know
what she'll do like it run in its no I'm
going to bring the duvet down and lows
and pillows and everything I think
she'll mind that I did you really like
it but it'll just be it was scare me in
case you went to jump off in the nightly
you know the realities are there and I
want to go to Vail bro this is going so
comfy sushi sushi sushi CC most boo she
went to Sean's favorite place
Kokoro captain curry katsu curry proper
you hungry she hungry close your eyes
don't open them this is what you ordered
you ordered all of that yes you did like
what category here
rule number one definitely have food on
the trampoline yeah that's what I'm
saying okay let's sorting out on
Wednesday we're all going to go and get
piercings
I'm going to get my ear done somewhere
I'm thinking even this bit or somewhere
my ear Shawn's going to get his nose
Papi's going to get rid she's running
away going to get areas done pop what
are you gonna get done what are you
going to get done I'm tired I'm tired
and I'm already in bed
this is my bed I haven't even like
proper bounds from the trampoline yet
all right let's have a game of tramp
shortener okay no no no no no Sean Sean
never gave a tramp wait do not rub this
no yeah yeah yeah it's trap again it's a
game of trust it's a dress Sean and I
can have a gamer tramp
if that was a bit wonky much I don't
consider what's wrong key
yes angle all right that straighter no
it will do though let's get this off it
is getting up champion you do a trick
right and either hundred things as much
but I have to try it
yeah you can't stand up and drunk all
right and if I play it and I get it
please just watch game yes many Rick
don't stand up and drop that's rule
number one
don't do that okay backing them up like
that all right my turn
okay okay you're done yeah go ahead
bloody the yoghurt casual backless this
is right going to be really is going to
t be there I was a bumper
laughing okay my dad women look so cool
you know just problems just front
go ahead lady my fat yeah what now you
always smell down I have not gone into
that you could longer legs remain no
it's no I fail you are now done right
now notice that all right think I got
half the fan on the forehead just me and
you now should menu cheese is five
minutes past 12:00 I've got a photo
shoot tomorrow morning pretty pretty
damn early so I need to get some sleep
we've managed to get one fun installment
in the house Ross Bobby's been away
tomorrow is Tuesday which means that is
day two then we have when thirty three
and then we have Thursday morning kind
of each day four I want to see how much
fun ridiculous stupid stuff we can do
was those ways if there's anything else
you can think of I'm thinking a loads of
stuff at the moment I'm googling lunch
online please tweet me pictures please
comment down below let me know like the
more ridiculous the better I'm talking
zip wires I'm talking bull bits
I'm talking everything stupid you can
imagine and Zoe can't complain
or stop me cuz I'm home alone if you
enjoyed the blog guys give it a big ol
thumbs up to let me know you did if you
haven't yet subscribed go down below hit
that subscribe button turn my
notifications on today's notification
shoutout goes to
this person here and I'll catch you in
the morning
good bye guys
