I think in a car
Oh morning hello ray looking at the
trial of fluid at what idea
me and Joe have together unknown in the
she yeah yeah I'm sure it isn't it yeah
Sean jello scared a shot me when it's
dark and you happy feather you in if you
will nothing about you in that kayak you
would freak out
yeah I guess you would even know how
could it we just knock you over by like
flipping it in or something you know it
sharks aren't actually that dangerous
they just have a really bad name yeah
they kill less people than like trees
falling over and stuff that is great
yeah well most of the Maldives we win in
the edge of the coral you do that Joe
how much would I have to pay you Joe how
much would have to pay you to come and
eat this oh is that wizard Fishkin no no
John where you got that smell oh no I
don't want to smell out coffee most
people use when it I'm tickling a floor
no no no no Shawn Medina it's from my
lunch yesterday you are the most
pathetic little dog ever come on and
bite me bite me
no not let me bite me gone like me no
she won't bite me go on ha ha just
edited and uploaded yesterday's vlog it
is so good if you haven't seen it
already it looked like this also my pot
sockets came back in stock yesterday so
I can finally put one back on my phone I
haven't had room for a couple of weeks
the pressure of putting it in the right
place oh no not stuck to my finger oh no
I might just put it straight over that
there we go
Oh
slightly bloom in one key let's look at
it like that and as I said they've just
come back in stock now so if you want
one there literally might not even be
any left as you're watching this now
have a check down below I'll leave a
link down in description there's this
one which is white and black and then
there's also black and white ones as
well I never know how much hit are full
of it legit didn't do that on purpose
and never know how much hairspray to put
on I was going to say didn't have the
thing point in at the right place
I'm as a good morning yet good morning
guys hey it oh my shoes upstairs how you
doing
hope you having a lovely day whatever
you're up to today we've got mr. Joe
sugg over so though he's going away
tomorrow to see her dad myself and Zoe
and jug and a couple couple of videos
tonight and I'm just getting really
interested for the day it's Sunday it's
weird I feel like the weekends only just
begun and is Roy basically over there's
an applicant delivery which is basically
where you order food from restaurants
and someone delivers it to your house
we're about to order some lunch now and
I've just seen those opposed
bubble tea cafe I've only ever bubble
tea once before we have a bubble here
you go
Zoe I'm gonna order what's your favorite
I've heard of that you over there
Leonard Green Team Plasma slushies yes
tapioca balls green tea or tapioca balls
one of the ones I'm adding loads of
different life of the different of all
things in there from samples
yeah let's check this so I've ordered
here a Japanese mat to milk tea algae
and then you can choose what mango Pels
strawberry tapioca passionfruit Elijah
ethical and then how much sugar and then
ice levels oh my god
so I want to make slides let's add let's
choose one each vanilla vanilla vanilla
and then what you want to add into it
tapioca balls yeah one a many others
keep it more than one problem yeah let's
go for broccoli y-yeah rainbow jelly
yeah any other good level I should
probably have no sugar no sugar
that's good take a crap yeah boy hi 25
cent sugar really looks like every smell
go all out okay that's your 200 then oh
sorry regular would you go regular sugar
regular sugar right you know regular
eyes oh no I
very good about it that I initially what
it will add your eyes in oh I know it's
meant to everyone but like I don't want
warm by like it's like room temperature
okay
so um this is crazy if it's strawberry
milk tea will that taste like strawberry
milkshake shows out in background it's
my bulky name real time so I don't have
to sneak in is it Alex thing I don't
understand what which one you want to
know what will this taste like what will
the please write weight of it is really
banoffee pie why let's do one camor
hitch me let's do one kumquat and add
everything you can add are you serious -
no come on they can't fit that many
balls in that there's really what they
want to end up like sure we think music
man unless you're one of everything
variable healthy nuts ridiculous anyway
water kumquat I think I'm going to go
light chi or maybe green apple I do like
likey oh my gosh I've never known
someone fit so long deciding to get a
drink
green green apples vascular freak and a
rainbow jelly rainbow Jenny and knuckle
apple pie apple power oh no like sheep
oh oh my Chi pearls I'm going to go for
an almond coffee wave tapioca pearls
regular sugar extra I done here's a
picture of everything that we've ordered
done 27 minutes whether you like to
order drinks but no food we need to
order lunch
thank you so much thank you have a nice
day that was definitely quicker than 27
minutes that's what we like 15 minutes
some of them look so weird so I've only
ever had this drink once before you know
I'm guessing let's get it undone look at
that one
that one's right it's got everything
about yeah that's your one there's like
a fruit salad I love that what they do
is that they like seal the top
completely you have to stab it with your
straw so I've got this here which tells
everyone what what he turns out right
now in York one which George you're on
this is hard okay I'll go yellow
Wade UN then that's right now I'm seguro
you've gone for that yeah I just go one
bang that's amazing pretty good do you
love it
you've got the rainbow ones in there as
well yeah okay
the ones they sing all right let me see
your rainbow they're the only thing that
I'm a bit worried about is one time I
had a through like cereal Go Go Go yes
get ballin what's the ball tapioca
tapioca or rain than that anything I get
it yeah does it taste like am I one time
I had I just get like the tapioca balls
over it while like my champion ball like
cereal milk hmm you're a lot with
tapioca balls talk more to it I don't
let me chasing rainbows okay so that's
really good yeah really refreshing
miscarriage I've been out for extra ice
so I'm assuming it melted away
it's got a weird flavor almond coffee I
can't lie pinpoint get or it is you know
ways that it is viscous viscosity that
comes with them
there's AMA biscuits to come with one
coffee that's exactly it
alright and just why I play and then you
do the old trap technique you've got to
wrap the tapioca
was out and then we got this the
downstairs make more oh my god
as I was going to be sick I just wanted
to try workable we're back to in them
right now only that plaintiff who later
on it's much fun that's something any
judge okay they've got every been oh
Christ you're going to take on all those
bowls what did you go flavor I don't
even know wow you're good
solutely what a mustard sauce boxes this
is a kumquat a green key
so these rainbow do first so within hat
they're like liquid booty popping liquid
side of them try it oh it's real it's
real fun getting a lot getting them now
you drop it all you have to let it all
go into your mouth
geez do you mean oh my god I like that
that is like that's real fun they're
eating a whole bag of wine gums in one
day
yeah that is amazing that's the best one
I reckon there we go good and you go sir
about oh my gosh nearly fell upstairs
that's for my video I know this comes so
broken that you know about filming
videos of Zoe's channel but they Jose
down said I swear Joe watches more
YouTube videos but not like youtubers
not like actual youtubers videos just
like fail videos and randomly random
like viral videos all day like lychee is
only doing and laughing so loud where I
want to do my hair before we film this
look at that one - absolute mess you
choking me or that is really nice I
really like I haven't done anything to
that I like to sit straight in his life
oh look how blue it looks yeah why are
you so blue anyway in the other camera
that's amazing this one looks this
camera is so brung ever so they cannot
cut it's going to hold my camera oh it's
working for you there now do you trust
me to look after the house when you're
going away and our dog though is going
to wait for four days
three nights four days I'll go to
Houston I get invite healthy but he
didn't want to come so it's not I don't
want to come it's just that I've got
some fun plans Oh God
whoa when Zoey the way Alfie will play
is that Howie
yeah what do you think I'm gonna do what
wouldn't you want me to do in the house
I wouldn't want you to set any rooms of
balls okay yeah well anything equally
messy yeah I wouldn't want you to turn
the house into like an all B's
yeah like luckily I'm not going to do
that I don't want you to turn it into
like a trampoline park okay either thing
that was I kinda wait for four days what
does this you want me to do to our
garden do it done to this bare room Oh a
longer day I wouldn't want you to leave
I don't know I juiced a dog that one
definitely happened yeah oh good you
know Monday lunch I'm dropping her a
moment down till Thursday I am the
character I'm going to see a film this
whole video is in sugar then I can
upload it for Zoey just from down here
good good let me try Oh like that dart
oh you want to try this pop why not
this bubble tea is just got one of
everything Nicholas II love dryer try it
you have to drink loads of little bubble
bit and chew them all one of everything
yeah
true though powdery in their growth and
summer really nice all right try this
one this one's actually nice
I don't know that one by the coffee one
a drunk girl my toilet bloom again this
chemistry broker and I'm fine
there we got it so much neither so much
better this is Wednesday's episode
because I was going away look what
though he's done to gnarley' ha ha ha I
want to be like that she's winning Joe
is making us do some blooming golden
face masks in his blog looks like who
was it CeeLo green oh yeah the Grammys
somehow it's 4 minutes to 12 sorry how
are you still awake 4 minutes to 12 and
you're awake
Oh
the pain
