that's delivery is so big peroneus 900
kilos this is getting much harder than
what we thought
I don't if you can see I know you can't
see face the gym equipment is just
outside the house on a massive pallet
weighs 900 kilos we couldn't get it
inside because it was to the gravel was
too gravelly for the little wheels so
what I'm gonna have to do is get a knife
cut everything apart this is my favorite
piece of equipment in the gym
I completely forgot to say good morning
guys so good morning how you doin
hope you're having a lovely day whatever
you're doing whatever you're up to I'm
like beyond happy right now
this is I've been waiting for this
moment since September whether the
original gym equipment meant to arrive
I'm so happy I'm so excited
the gym is so nearly complete
but I have to stop I've been going that
if like three hours now I need to go get
ready for the day just got to town now
I've got to be super quick
today is my fortieth managers birth
today so I'm just running in it's not
today her birthday's on Monday but she's
got Monday off of work so so I won't be
seeing her before her birthday so I need
to be super quick go and get a cake and
get a card and get a present which I
already know which I'm gonna get oh but
I just need to get it I thought I had
this weekend to get it and I don't nap
this weekend I'll get some gelato as
well the woman in there just sorting out
all of my ice cream to take away now I'm
just running to the cake shop to go get
a cake this is the one Can I grab the
pink cake thank you thank you so much
the woman in there was so sweet so I
went in the other day as you saw it to
get Zoey some macaroons and there were
some like a load of you guys waiting
outside for pictures and stuff and she
just said to me now when I walked in she
was like you could have told me and I
was like what she was like that you
Aviva
oh no now I know she was like the woman
who works in here was going crazy that I
didn't know people waiting outside all
for you know so I just want to buy this
cake now and she said don't be silly
you can have it for free what that is so
lovely of her so thank you very much I
should say thank you to the places
rather company always give amazing
service thank you so much super
appreciate it
I mean I don't deserve stuff like that I
just made little videos on YouTube yeah
someone's birthday in the office
yeah I looks good orange roughy shot
ball which is hazelnut milk chocolate
and white chocolate yeah thanks so much
thank you
you just got ton of sushi for everyone
to have a team lunch today well put it
all back in the car so I can now shop
without having to worry that I'm gonna
accidentally tilt the cake too much
you're like strategy against the size of
the box today has been a good day I've
been listening to the album of the
greatest showmen which is the the
musical the film that we went to concede
the other day in the cinema and there
was a quote in there in one of the songs
that says oh Lim have forgotten it now
I'm dreaming with my eyes wide open I'm
pretty sure that's the quote absolutely
love it
like he feels like he's dreaming his
eyes are open
he's not dreaminess living the reality
is living his dreams love that so sick I
need two of these for the gym equipment
okay got presents card wrapping paper my
toes from my gym stuff super successful
team lunch everyone loved the cake
everyone loves the ice cream everyone
loved the sushi as well now I just need
to head back and edit the blog as
quickly as I possibly can because it is
gonna be up fairly soon oh no oh no
daddy
daddy daddy
you okay why are you wasting away
there's iguana car keys or car a finish
up edge in the vlog and then I went back
to the office to go ahead oh okay no
less someone wants a massage look at her
then I went back over to the office to
go catch up before the weekend or
everybody and Zoey's been texting me all
caps saying help quick I'm wasting away
I need a Nando's I thought you finished
watching all of this oh my gosh we've
literally over the last couple of weeks
no it's been on every single time I'm
anywhere Oh Sex in the City to be honest
it is really good what has that woman on
the far left been in the brown hair one
what else has she been in I recognize
them from something else
well maybe it's just because we've been
watching this so much recently I feel
like it's something else but it's
actually less can I show you the gym
yeah I want to finish building the gym
tonight by the way and then we're gonna
have a workout aren't we tonight maybe
tomorrow what me and Sean are gonna come
a workout tomorrow morning I think oh
really
yeah are you gonna work out with us
maybe not as watching Sex in the City
don't disturb her if you think she's
just as obsessed she loves it and then
have a look Wow oh my god that is huge
I know if he isn't fully together yet
like it's look I want wobbly it is cuz I
didn't have the right tool so I need to
tighten it oh then the TV needs to go on
the wall it's getting there isn't it and
then we got this
Jen when we bought this the bike and
then the block is where I need to make
but only those two things left yeah yeah
and I need to tighten the screws on this
is rock
yeah this is the Friday night goals the
Nando's at home we were take away with
the beanie burger the beanie burger
