so this here do you know that is the
periodic table okay so can you name one
noble gas in the periodic table good
morning guys good morning how you doing
today I've got I've got all of these
packages to unbox I kind of did some
some online clothes shopping which I
never ever ever do I get just too scared
shopping online like not being I'm not
I'm that guy but when you go to town
with me I have to try everything on
I can never buy something without trying
it on I just get shoes together that's
not going to fit
I've never ordered MedFlight all this
cover has a jeans one pair blue I'm on
bed black I've got a photo shoot coming
up on Tuesday what a better time spicing
the clothes than before photo shoot and
then do a little hole you work this all
up like is bloom Christmas war that is
very very very big this isn't the only
thing ordered from this brand either
we've got a little bit of an issue this
is literally like a dress I do like it
though the only annoying thing I think I
might return and just guess more I do
not remember the last time that I needed
to buy a small includes normally on my
large this is a medium like I knew it
was going to come big I've never seen
something like this you can see the
width of me here now look at the width
of this this is a medium a boy's medium
that wide and these are the shoulders
I'm holding literally like that double
my shoulder width is a medium
another medium I'm going after a tan
please so got this a large good night to
return every day I'm going to try the
jeans on now just to make this a little
bit better about the shopping experience
because I mean so far didn't go too well
these jeans are like proper ripped but
they fit and they feel good and they're
a nice color so I'm happy the pop
sockets have just gone back in stock I
completely forgot to tell you and
yesterday's vlog but I'm telling me now
there's not that many so if you want 112
or more stock loss literally black ones
and white ones lost some they went up
sold out straight away and then just
come back in stock and there is a batch
of about 50 I think it was 50 that we
found where the logo scratched off super
super easily so we fixed that issue
we've got like a new ceiling on top of
the pop stocking basically the back is
shocked now and they're really really
good
I've just got myself is this Terry's
chocolate orange I was going to say
yogurt but this isn't a yoga it's
literally like a chocolate pot so he
says this is going to blow my mind
I love Terry shock lines oh my god like
seriously so good no she's the only
issue with this is that I've got already
finished there now you've got some more
in there nobody's in I want it to be
like a good four or five times the size
laughter that was like a good taster
yeah I like that now I have another one
or two do you think it's normal for
people to like play a massage their dog
as much as we do I don't know if it's a
can or --ml thing to do it's time to
record Sims we're going to try and
record two or three episodes tonight so
that would bulked up because oh he's
going away this week she's leaving me
she's going off traveling around the
world she actually is going off this
this week and I got these headphones the
other day trying them out for the first
time today they are unbelievable just
finished up film in episode number 12 of
the southeast and that is going up
tonight for me yesterday for you so if
you haven't seen it kind of stuff happen
that was really really good
it's only billing down below if you want
to check that one out just waiting for
it to save or the videos and stuff then
I need to edit that then I need to
upload that and I need to get the
thumbnail and then it will probably be
about half-past seven and we can get
some dinner and chill and hang out Sims
is just exporting and Zoe bought these
the other day I haven't had a freak roll
in years
oh my gosh Fig
yeah but they're not really enjoyed that
no but just help people to use Allah big
if you want to be grossed out Google's
big wasp well wait there's not some
inside here Oh in case of what no I do
think they died inside us
I've been cased wasp in this one hmm
must be wasp if you watch yesterday's
vlog you would have seen that I found a
video of Josh and Casper for my
pointlessblog YouTube channel tech to
call it my main youtube channel
uploading this on seven times a week so
this is definitely my main YouTube
channel but my point is blogs YouTube
channel I haven't uploaded in there and
so long and I want to get back into it
but I don't want to rush it and I don't
want to start uploading on it again and
then stopped uploading so I mean the
time bulk feel like I don't know eight
videos or something crazy now that so
I'm really really far advanced one of
the ideas that I have for like a new
series that I want to start is asking
different youtubers and friends or fad I
can even get my dad or net my dad's like
super clever like you went to Oxford
University fact he went to university
twice you went to Oxford just for fun
like just wanted to and went a year
early as well and then went to another
university often switch that degree
actually uses today for his actual job
he's been to uni twice anyways one of
the videos but I want to do a new series
is doing GCSE so that's like you to
seize your Lebanon night when your
succeeds year 10 and 11
asking youtubers GCSE questions like
science maths English geography history
questions so I've been researching to
loads
different GCSE questions today I don't
want also in some of them now so we need
to sit down come on
hey wait can I give you my subject so I
think I'll be better are obviously no
that's okay why don't you get coupled
out for me
so we're going to ask each other a
couple now just like a teaser and tears
that for the new series that's coming on
my mate on my my main YouTube channel
what I've got here is a list of them is
frequently misspelled words jesus√≠
English okay
okay so there's anything yeah but
there's no such thing as GTC they did a
spelling test
yeah to a few actually disease so these
are just most recently misspelled words
that people do use your energy to see
okay so they're not like crazy crazy
crazy difficult accommodation AC CE o
and O da tion incorrect
ACC calm ACC OMM OMM you did good during
a test you only get one shot
she's under the resulting accommodations
annoying okay immediately I am m eb ia
te ly correct okay necessary oh okay
n e CC e s s AR Y incorrect - yah yah
yah yah D to C ah
e SS ary guys out your English going for
me one right your batteries nothing
ticket yeah could you go and vote you
can take a class in school
solve the equation 7 minus x equals 9
what is X
do you understand how much I did not
enjoy xi minus x equals 9 what is X X is
plus 2 wait
this is GCSE revision questions 5
apparently guess anyone does she get
healthy I don't like these honestly I
don't know I love me because I'm so bad
as I wanted I have not done an equation
since I was 16 years old 10 years ago
can almost 11 years ago that's the last
time I didn't equation 7 minus minus 2
equals 9 oh yeah come on
so B minus a minus a times positives
that means 7 plus 2 equals 9 so this
here do you know that is the periodic
table okay so can you name one noble gas
in the periodic table I know one Nobel
Prize is it right let me at them when to
one noble gas because this is the kind
of thing all these questions so this new
series that I'm going to do my channel
asking youtubers and friends and family
and stuff like that
GCSE questions it's going to be
hilarious because that it's not trying
to make people it's stupid it's just
trying to play on things that people
have forgotten that's what it is it's
not that like yeah I like what I get in
science be directly so knowing which of
the noble gas does that doesn't mean
you're stupid if you don't know it's
just you've forgotten what it was and
you didn't know what it was before so
nasal gas is how many electrons in its
outer shell so that I was not know
if you serious I think he does I'm not
under
I thought a noble gas with one that just
had one letter
what is that gas carbon these gutters
yeah could you not just take me put one
up one led that's not a gas what was
bloodless not just Anika not just a got
some noble gas maybe I'll give you a
clue it's a whole column if this one
helium helium the name of that I don't
think you would have got the point you
haven't asked about many questions in
your GGC test but yeah why they why is
it a noble gas what is a noble gas you
tell me happy days
I cannot remember I didn't know ah fine
good yeah an unambitious for seniors is
84 years
oh yeah did 11 years okay that's how
does this structure of propane come on
propane propane show that it's uh that
is unsaturated what the ch3
how does in structure of protein show
that it is an unsaturated molecule yes
because that would have to be H which is
hydrogen you're right ages high sugar
chlorine no your carbon carbon and and
hydrogen yeah that is says protein up
with an arena chal this theorem that the
equals so what this is that two
different molecules one equals the other
okay I don't know what a molecule is
enough is that one it was the other is
that two different things so is this new
course no it's a bond
yeah kind of bond
ah it is super simple it's just super
super simple double bond yes
okay so what can an unsaturated molecule
house a double bond there we go
yeah let's just go ahead well it varies
learn I think it named ABC and D this is
geography now the chloral which one's
cool this one
right yeah what BC and D in a cool
article and eat the crust mantle inner
core outer core mantle I don't last
night
do you know what we're on a cracker you
did get younger three I got in a core
values you put them in among blazes I
thought I was British inner in your how
to call in your test you really got the
muscle you'd want to talk if you can
well I didn't know
okay but this is you've added in each
other all I got right with the crust and
that's all anyone cared about anyway
because a pizza in which the following
organs is the site of sexual
reproduction in the plant so where's the
sexual reproduction happen the stem a
flower the leaf of the root flower
correct I think that was good I said
this is going to be such a six areas
reckon I can get some good YouTube's
comment down below which youtubers you'd
like to see me do some like some Jesus
okay here's mine question number one
Argo enough time to this my blog now
fees is not an example of multimodal
talk texting tweeting subject walking in
person or emailing moti multi I'm going
to say it multi modal talk what the
preliminaries are talking about them
question TV usually costs one thousand
two hundred and reduced to nine hundred
and seventy by what percentage has the
price being reduced nineteen point two
twenty point to 18 point to or seventeen
point to this is a calculate much
question to 30 of the 12.3 over twelve
dude one at 2.3 over 12 2.30 12 in
percentages would be - oh they're all so
close each other
I'm going to get 17.2 but I feel that's
it happen airplane question wrong it was
nineteen point two what I got I'm not
Jesus yeah I do maths a-level what
prayer an independent patient goes
through the fraction purified copper
oxidization electrolysis oh my god I
should never dislike it
I noticed a oxidation Oh
Electronics is pen no I'd like oh my
gosh
is between the toe and I just got that
science question bar for what does sin
that mean in French Monday month weekend
or wait let you down into quench you
sissy
I named let's go a nurse not Monday it's
good month wrong it week cinnamon I'm
doing so bad when you guys tweet saying
I should be advising for my tests rather
than watching your videos keep revising
them was what we like me you really
forgot everything
your forget anyway even if you're high
you will forget it anyway if jess is
making a buck or in a squash and he uses
the squash to water ratio one to five
how much water would he need to ask 40
milliliters of squat register wrong with
you her stupid oh my god I did 1 to 4 I
just transported by for when it's
literally malicious is one issue I used
to have I don't read the question yeah
so I actually had I got like pulled
aside in school in mock in like my mock
test because I used to finish I wanted
to split like finish everything I have
to finish my test within it just say the
testers an hour I would finish the whole
paper within 20 minutes like I would
finish so quickly let's the night third
at the time every single paper but what
I was so bad at was reading the question
and taken from it what I thought it was
asking me rather than what he was
actually
understand it said one thing but I just
toasted by four for some reason so what
I used to do is I used to on average go
through my paper five times before
finishing like the time so I do it and
got really quickly and then go through
it again very again I'll go through my
things five times before I see very many
mistakes so many mistakes because I'm
just showing it like it does always
really generations cat it reads your
kestrels carefully read carefully
thoroughly and I'm not that person
proven by that on there like what year
is British women aged over 21 gained the
right to vote that's so close to each
other the years I'm going to knock
invert it wrong 28 1928 I was two years
out seven the MMR vaccine is used to
protect eight measles and which to other
diseases I noticed one mom and rubella
that your final answer
you know it's not that for men ah why I
thought I was real smart when you again
and want me now just shot myself in I
think you should go your gut not some
about yes eight right pink advice is an
example of what purpose style genre or
Kimbra Kimber publish yeah you just get
suddenly alright nine which type of ways
causes coastal erosion destructive
constructive reductive or accusation
active correct got that jog be a level
which of these is an example of an
imperative
why don't you boil some water boiling
water the water is boiling or boil some
water I didn't want imperative is I've
forgotten
I forgot what imperative is why don't
you I'm just going to say it's not going
to be that but let's just go for it
wrong boil some water
congratulations you got four right chips
I got four out of ten forty percent
that's right oh yes for our ten GCSE
questions right oh my god some of those
weren't language some of those for
things like some just I didn't study
though we should do one for like ten
year olds Iberian how funny with I
didn't study history and I also didn't
study French so I'm taking those two
straight out I get any way to do it
anyways I hope you glad to extract the
new series in the main channel going to
try and make it all super jazzy and
really really well done in everything
like Papa get nice logos and everything
made you know I should buy I should
build a little set for it in my office
I should boil it to school desks yeah
that would be safe eat my little old
school imagine I forgot you school
uniforms made with a PB logo titanium
yeah you meant that pretty I'm going to
try to get some Blazers made of a little
PB logo on so that whoever comes and
joins us to wear PB blazer like they're
there in the test here we go nope no
more no chicken goodbye farewell you're
going to go revise your GCSEs you're
going to go revise the ajussi's I
confiscated it until you do some more
revision thank you idea that kind of
order some chicken wings for dinner
tonight I'm so bloomin excited Sean if
you're watching don't get too jealous
mate this is it your favorite medium
chicken wings fries coleslaw and some
water and then this is always ah also we
kind of got this Ferrero Rocher gelato
oh my gosh kind of fell asleep and we've
got my t-shirt on sweating out so bad
fell asleep under a blanket on the sofa
watching another episode of that SAS
program that
so and I've been watching oh my gosh so
tired the cotton and the blob tomorrow
I've been doing that too much recently
today shout out the vlog oh my gosh so
did she feel like not myself I need to
sleep so much shout out today that my
notifications turned on is this person
here thank you so much for watching guys
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
see it's more in the morning I'm so
tired
back on the pain
