so I've just got to catchment Josh's
flat I'm greeted but are they doubt you
a teach glee
oh good morning guys
oh oh I have on my face how you doing
I didn't get much sleep last night and
as I go to bed at brim at 3 a.m. 3 a.m.
this way yesterday's vlog hope you
enjoyed it was the craziest busiest most
packed day ever
going straight off in central London to
edit the daily vlog because I've got to
go and collect all of the camera footage
today from all the cameramen and GoPros
and whatever camera setups they have a
top gear yesterday I've got to go
internet so that footage on the memory
guard and then I was editing into my
vlog which is going to be a lot of work
I can tell because there was like 10
million different camera angles or 10
million different shots and well and
then got a really exciting meeting about
the Creator store which I'm excited up
because it's exciting it's going to be
good it's going to be cool and then I
mean I'll Casper me not Casper today I
was in diamonds in Casper like not an
event or anything fills up women ages so
yeah I'm so going to discuss this later
today it's going to be a good log I'm
excited I just need to get ready Joe's
off to the gym now or he's leaving in 15
minutes so I need to get dressed for the
day I need to get one but all might just
wear taxi bombs is that bad but then I
want my jeans or taxi box but these are
just so comfortable why would I not wear
them maybe I'll just wear actually one
so I'll keep this vessel underneath
whatever away you know some reason I've
got a banana and some monstermunch in my
bag that could be my breakfast I'm going
to get ready for the day I'll see you in
a second
just in the left turn up to our
management's office I was going to film
like a nice little shot in the mirror
but the list has kind of got will this
coming at some reason I did not time for
a ton of meetings wearing the comfy
clothes today what is he doing what is
he doing he's looking for me
hello look outside look at the window
I've lit Jeevan I was in a meeting for
four hours as you can see it's pitch
black now I was just at the office
getting things done you know just
getting it done cracking on heads in the
blog shorting out an edge inaudible Top
Gear footage and just planning these
things guys I'm not hanging out with
this one
why is it I didn't write off so I've
just got to Castle and Josh's flat I'm
greeted but are they dirty when he's
clean and he's threatening to stab me
with lemon Eck here we go my planner
went because the first time I came to
London I was hopeless
yeah I know that's so weird so when Josh
first visitor Casper and I were living
together in London and Josh chemist
eight of us and now having the other way
around
Gavin has got the weirdest suitcase you
should have see device filming him
that's one who died did the plane would
read something of it
it's where God is bloody ice if it
wasn't where that'd be more weird you're
the sauce was I wanted to think of the
coolest was when the whole to do this
was after insurance I thought of you ah
Thank You Man
like what I can happen it has to try to
get me to the video I wasn't available
er said Sharon instead ed was like the
downgrade it was mentoring me
I want to send back in Switzerland and
everything on the plane they let you
take it on the plane which is I'm going
to else how could you let shut up
I color you awesome the cameraman
doesn't like the setup very happy with
the railing in the background camera he
doesn't like the railing on the wall but
I don't think unless he's going to rip
it off or pull it off the wall
I'm noting with Josh actually yeah but
it's funny that guys this is crime
scenes have a fire oh yeah I mean we
shouldn't like a night scene awesome
then wherever have you gone it's like
one of those old school fight like
cameras you know things you have to lift
ah yeah so we just finished up filming
the video that you guys you've just been
seeing one of that ice stuff happening
not going to say too much about it
you're gonna have to wait there's
something other ones what my part of the
video is blurry and the air is Casper's
camera's little bit out of focus or me
so when you guys watch it please to say
something like castle we don't mind
about the blood not everyone just
compliment how clear Casper's girl is
when the video goes up be like oh my god
unbelievable because Josh the cameraman
he did a good job
Josh was on the other camera I will
believe that other person I've done how
these two live together all they've done
is fight since I've been here we're
about to shoot a video for my main
channel what whoa what is not my main
this is my main so about video now ask
three I just need to turn this camera
off so I can put my memory card in
inside here you know keep on forgetting
to vlog
guys we've just jumped in the car just
got change we're heading out for dinner
I don't open yet and going to tipping
yeah keys or something luckiest no as
you destroyed like we all sit around the
chefs and it's like an open girl all I
think I'm a goner
yeah who saw Benihana yeah she vogue is
that yeah I was the left crazy just last
we're going tonight might be going to
casino afterwards but I do need to need
to get back to by to make just finished
film the two videos and Josh we should
dumb off your channel no no next time
buddy
I wouldn't know just because the outcome
of my video blogging I would not come
out of it was worried for me we're
heading out how I've been persuaded to
go out tonight or makes me happy horses
what are seven all of them I've got
restless and in this one I know in the
kind of did that thing can where I kind
of didn't and my blog I was out clubbing
though it's not like I just forgot I was
out clubbing and then I came all the way
home and I didn't get home until 4 a.m.
4 a.m. that's not like me I'm not the
kind of person that goes out clubbing
then I have got suede it is Casper and
Josh but I had a good time and it's
super fun and today's shout-out goes to
is Exton 25 they've got notifications
turned on for all three of my youtube
channels excellent thank you so much you
want to be in tomorrow's shout-out
subscribe down below and tell my
notifications on hit the little bell
button if you enjoyed the vlog give it a
thumbs up and I catch you tomorrow bye
guys
the pain
