Oh ten minutes plus seven I'm up super
early for me normally not always over
another hour but today is an exciting
day I'm doing an outdoor activity today
something that I've never done before
something that I've always wanted to do
before but I mean the weather is kind of
kind of like this literally looks like
storming outside look at the tree I need
to get ready for the day and yesterday's
vlog we all got spray tan so I need to
show off this show off this free time
but that's the difference before how
crazy is that how was your shower
Oh even my mom is like please look at
because it's that okay oh my god oh yeah
last time we get there your mum did the
voiceover oh no I know and I didn't mean
to I mean it kind of adds to it I guess
when I was building the band I got paint
on the honestly yeah no yes I mean that
that's the worst bet up here yeah Oh
turn around let me you know back good
luck again pull it off it's on your
elbow here see my I'm sorry
it kind of adds to that right is always
going off for a photo shoot today
one minute I need to bring a suitcase we
to the car have a Sunday and not as gone
up to go see buzzy boy know that you can
see birds yeah got my big old bag here
and I'm off it's time to leave for the
day for tonight
I'm going
right by the hand shield I've just
arrived in you're probably thinking
where the heck am i what am i doing well
let me fill you in
I'm currently on like a an airstrip
where the airplanes take off slash a
racist track
so today top gear have invited me can
you get a car top gear have invited me
down to this trap counter-puncher waters
class I'm going to be driving with a
crazy cars today I mean I've never even
done something like this I've only had
my license for a year so we're just
going to see how it goes and other times
I'm currently London editing this video
you're watching right now and I forgot
to say something stupidly obvious the
drifting master class right the thing
that you're about to see now is taking
place in a controlled environment under
the supervision of like professionals
those ambulances airFiber gather
everything is a super to professional in
a super controlled environment so please
don't try and replicate this at home
we've been taught by pros how to drift
or I mean attempting to be taught by
pros as you'll see I am NOT listen to
that anyways enjoy
driving experience number two of the day
we are driving this it's called a
Caterham I think pronounce that right
apparently we're going to be drifting
them I've never done this kind of
thank you yeah finished up lunch we're
heading out on we going on to the track
track yeah you try to become original to
drive I'm gonna be salvaged hopefully
we'll come back in one piece I look like
a sausage dad you've seen so far
I'm night relief film we might think
this myself because I mean I can't
reveal much on this little camera what
these guys over here filming it will
professionally because I'll edit it
together
now the big moment when driving me in
this AMG here around the track
and I'm going to prove myself I've
literally out just warning you just
getting in the car now
they've got GoPros and everything
everywhere so I don't really need to
film on this camera
check out the interior all of this oh my
gosh I've got Chris Harris driving me
around this track I'm not driving myself
chris is going to be going for it he's a
savage do I need to put this way you can
have that they smoked them today they're
about three seconds know how fast you've
been in the car before so I got my life
in January last year right and
definitely do much most where I've been
at the same Brighton right yes it's not
by fast how fast we going oh we're going
really fun have you watched Top Gear
before yeah of course
okay so this is the track getting on a
beam 30 so that's 90 at 100 miles an
hour 110 will gets about under 25 when
we break her heart haha quite physical
in it yeah physical roofing down the
back space so that's 100 110 will get
divided up to 24 we play card again
floating points all around so if you get
into more gas we get
whoa
that's like a lot bill yeah night lover
okay that's over see at sliding so we
come through here with third gear yeah
and you feel like fully in control of
that I wouldn't be doing otherwise mate
level four cameraman there I don't like
killing women and I get to do this for a
job if I wasn't doing this for a job
I'll be paying yeah it's still me okay
she jumped out of the cars in there for
an hour and a half to get Internet to
London because tonight that top issue
was so so sick I just want to thank BBC
Worldwide for all of that
that was amazing the new presenters that
I met were lovely and I'm super super
excited to watch it that I've just got
to London now well not now ditch like an
hour and a half go so I'm just coming
around to town and then buying a drink
just so that's it thank you so much
thank you I'm buying a drink just so
that I can use their white light why not
load today's vlog and now I'm carrying
this massive background which is so
heavy and I'm meeting Sarah outside mmm
welcome tonight I'm going to a private
screening of Beauty and the Beast which
I'm so excited for it's going to be sick
Emma Watson and Watson Emma Watson
that's all I need to say Sarah have we
done this what is happening guys we've
got to walk through that bit there
there's loads of people there like
little red carpet
I'm literally dressed in a coat with a
bag and a hat on I mean even on my hair
oh no everyone else was with for like
Mark and Sarah and everyone in Louise
doll back there
some say vomits everyone says he texts
me feeling extra lonely right now
the good thing is that up here we've got
mrs. Emma Watson the solid years
everyone else here is like chatting with
friends and hanging out and taking
selfies I'm currently eating and eating
and eating late again she's my bell she
loves the beauty within and all
well um thank you so much for being here
and filling this auditorium we are so
excited to show you this film it was
quite literally making it and you
stopped one of my childhood fantasies
made a reality I hope you love it as
much as we love it it feels a little bit
like we put so much into it the last two
years and it feels so exciting to
finally be able to share it we certainly
still hope to enjoy it thank you for
being here
hi Dan we just finished our having
dinner with Calum and Sarah and I've
come off to like an after party although
it does not look like an after party
food maybe only we're the only ones here
we came a little bit late the party is
still happening downstairs but the house
that we're in
it's called Spencer house and it's
ridiculous is what the craziest
Hostetter
in central London and the rooms are like
there imagine just having that
now please look at the wallpaper it's
like oh my gosh these are padded like
soft oh my gosh see them all my gosh the
ceiling in here
I don't even talk man out of film I
think I am they do house tours here so
I'm guessing I'm allowed to film is your
doorway not like that in your heart god
I wish you out of the government I'm
paying it simply this proves that we're
actually a party we're not just in some
random house outside Oh get that
Instagram in the mirror oh my gosh
serious that we haven't even seen a room
of a bed yet so this is probably the
weirdest blog content I've ever filmed
but I'm genuinely in or this place is
mad the fact is any day some standard
mr. Joe surgeries tonight he just gone
to bed it is kind like you're not even
going to believe the time today has been
blooming busy
that's so busy it's 1:30 7:00 in the
morning Joe has got the gym at 10
o'clock tomorrow he's gone to bed I need
to need to do my teeth and stuff and I
need to get some sleep
I'm so tired I've got meetings tomorrow
in London time to jump into bed
I don't trust Joe I hope like he's going
to prank me for some reason I checked
everywhere the cameras I can't find any
checked in the bathroom and I've even
put my back in the way for the door my
back's really really heavy so you won't
be able to come in here and if he does
try to wake me up
I've also turned the camera away from
face of me
it's the next day I don't know if you
could tell you're probably good that I
was absolutely out of it last night in
that last clip you just watched I ended
up going to bed at 3 a.m. and I woke up
and I ha plus 6 or something like 7 a.m.
so I literally wait for like 23 hours
yesterday and a lot of it was like
filming or at parties or yeah it was
intense as a busy busy old day so I've
got
in the vlog the usual the standard with
me this is my K and I'm just going
through the comments on yesterday's
video which thank you so much with the
London spoor and that video is amazing
and the comet has 732 thumbs up which is
ah get blinded which is crazy I saw when
the donor video is just something about
having the shout out from here I've been
wanting a shot that for so long but I
don't have a Twitter or Instagram IV an
education center on all three of your
channel with Sena woods but it wasn't
those videos every night before going to
bed to help you relax please can have a
shout out I love you that was from Kerry
Lewis and Kerry Lewis you have the
shoutout today's vlog thank you so much
if you've enjoyed the video guys give it
a big ol thumbs up go down below smash
the thumbs up button and ten more
notifications on let me know the cool
once you've done it tweet me that you've
done it and I'll shout out one of you
have done it tomorrow see in the morning
the pain
