good morning guys good morning good
morning how you doing hope you're having
a lovely day so and I got up super early
today
straight away filmed a new episode of
Zachary Sims edition Sims alpha editions
up anyways from the new episode of that
was that one up yesterday for you guys
so have you enjoyed that we need to go
upstairs don't we I need to kick you out
there this is long overdue
it's been like three or four days late
so the other day in the vlog
Zoe picked my outfit and you guys loved
it and in that same video yeah we need
to tidy we said that I would pick Zoe's
out there and then Zoe just went and got
dressed herself and then yesterday and
the day before that Zoe just went and
got dressed herself again or so I got my
hair cut yesterday it's super short so
that's what we need to do today turn
some lights on I've been here
can I pick whatever I want what kind of
day you planning on having what kind of
day you plan on having are you planning
on at home just chilling sorry missing
you so much
doing some cleaning and tidying that's
it no filming videos alright so I'm
thinking a nice dress no Jake it are not
really maybe like a nice jumper there
you don't want to get oh well that's
nice well they you do when they get too
hot what I should have done is gone
through my videos and found an outfit
that I really like on you and then just
picked that rather than now I'm just
going through your wardrobe what are
those
literally what are those I have not seen
them before I'm scared to wear them cuz
they're so pretty
fluffy where did you say in this second
one we need like a little bestie little
top thing I don't know people called
them and that one okay so the ferry top
black G last jeans with a ripped knee
yeah socks and a little t-shirt just to
be warm up it would just hide it
underneath you're gonna have to put your
hand over the camera then or should we
do it when I get home you'll be wearing
that
I'll see you in a bit good luck you've
got so many doggy beds and literally
right there is our actual bed yet you
choose to just sleep on the floor
like that you're just spending their
time and making their living by bringing
happiness to everyone else around them
like there is nothing negative about
that they're literally just out on the
streets enjoying themselves having fun
with their friends with their band
members and everyone the vibe to the
vibe of the whole area everyone around
his just loving it and it's like early
morning start getting everybody feeling
good
there are just finished up that meeting
and now I'm heading out to go meet a
friend of mine because some of you that
may know and we've got some interesting
plans so Emma's just arrived here this
is my friend Emma everybody I'm
inserting this clip before what you're
about to see to give it some context
because I realized basically we've just
gone for sushi now well I say we're
about to we just have we're about to sit
down and film a chatty insert to this
vlog so I hope you enjoy oh you're gonna
make a look I look tiny compared to you
I look scale I forgot before it helped
me down yeah all right so this is just
as I've said this is just insightly into
my vlog for today
yeah little bit different were switching
things up basically tell everyone who
you are what you do how you
oh okay so those of you don't my name is
Emma blackery
and I am a YouTube vlogger / Organa /
gamer / everything and you don't you to
stop at one way yeah I've known Jack of
all traits basically just all route just
every single everything what type of
content I think I've tried at this point
that's good daddy it may be some of its
good some of its bad but um I pretty
much just make a living talking to a
camera
yes and I sign up 2012 and a few years
ago I kind of made my whole brand about
being different all other youtubers
which is fine yeah
but like I simply made it because that's
what we were talking about wasn't it
that's why we're making this video like
I sort of made it my thing to be
I'm not like other youtubers I don't do
things like them everyone like me you
know and I sort of became this like
auntie youtuber I was like a sort of
brand thing so so basically I wanted so
I've always wanted to do a video
somebody this sounds weird somebody that
doesn't like me have you ever seen those
things on TV when it's like the
celebrity meets the troll there's been
like troll in them have you ever seen
their homes so it would be like I'm
making this up a tent and this person
has actually done it Katie Price yeah
having one troll that just slams her
every single day on Twitter and that
stalks her and everything and that
you're going to be that person face to
face and be like yo what's up what's
your problem with and they'll have no
problem they're like completely normal
person that's like what I just don't
like it so I would basically I would
love to their videos with somebody that
doesn't like me I I do like we just we
just rent sushi together I wanted to
just talk with somebody the an Emer is
the perfect person for this then at one
point I felt so strongly because you you
guys see if you're if you follow more
than like one YouTube or to YouTube
using like there's likely chance the
majority of you guys what are the
youtubers as well let's often quite a
lot of drama about like books youtubers
making money meetups like all different
living things well I definitely had some
opinions about them like years ago
so I wanted to I wanted to sit down with
Emma just have a chapter she looks like
a main Channel video this is littering
my blog a massive tribal wall it's like
what's up in the studio yeah just a
viral fish there's wiggle Emily manager
over here I want to shoot a video with
somebody war with Emma whoo yeah who had
really strong views against certain
things that youtubers do and since then
has changed her B's but I just want him
to talk about why our minds get back at
the time was the way it was yeah that
make sense I don't know I don't know I
think it was I think it's I think it'd
be interesting at least because one of
the things that I wanted like well this
is some nice book about on one of my one
of my many channels I have for it yeah
the issue that people have with people
changing their minds and this is what it
is so if you know someone in real life
and you only talk them like on Facebook
or like you know you see them out the
belt and like you know a few years ago
they had an opinion about something and
then you see them now but that person
that you're hanging around with now has
replaced the person that they were
because you can't see the person they
were yeah like your memories of them
fade away and you know the person in the
present but on online you can still
watch the video from someone that was
made three years ago yeah in the present
so you have always got this you know to
reflect back to what they were yeah well
they are watching it now so to them who
you were is still part of who you are
they've got like a catalogue of all of
your legs screw-ups and like all of your
different opinions and you become this
mishmash of a person rather than over
writing who you work every single day
you're now version of you yeah you're
now who you were who you were there
people oh I know this video is a success
I realized when I was making a video
about it like when I said like I changed
my mind on YouTube books but I still
because I'm now on writing a youtuber
book youtuber book
yeah yeah it's just the thing is I knew
that the second that I was gonna
announce that I was writing a book
because I'm really excited about it that
people were going to go big you used to
slag off into books yeah you used to use
to always sleep people like Alfie for
releasing books and stuff like that and
that was who I was
and then now I've changed how I am but
people still somebody else a who's
always was wrong like you're allowed to
not like it whatever you want in life
you're allowed to make videos about were
definitely in what we're just talking
about how Emma was and how she is now
for her
yeah but I'm happy to like talk about
how I was like that's not a problem cuz
I he was just different opinions back
then I just changed my my first grown-up
and changed my mind on things I think
people don't realise as well number one
how long they've been watching YouTube
but I mean conclusion on that I've been
watching you since 2010 2012 and some
like that and that's amazing but within
those seven years or eight years I've
been in YouTube eight years I bloody
hope I change
yeah change fifteen to twenty three that
would be a little bit more weird than if
I have changed that's what changes our
you changed I miss the old Elfi I don't
like what fifteen-year-old out because
I'm now 23 and I'm a dog I hope I've
changed exactly like I I still got
people like oh I feel like you know 2013
Emma I'm like but she's still left go
back if you want but like I wouldn't
want to still be making the same stuff
thinking the same stuff like you know
immature opinions on things you know I
don't know much about life relationships
anything well you go back and watch my
videos 2012 I'm like my opinions and
stuff I'm like what I feel about dating
and all that stuff was a different
person yeah I had to go back and watch
an old video recently for a new video
and I was like that's not even me
that's not even like
and think that is something new and
they're like Wi-Fi not you anymore
exactly but he gives you yeah thing is
everybody changes like that throughout
the years everyone goes through that
like you're not the same person that you
were five years ago and you all that
same person you if I don't get that I'd
be young as if I was it meets it look if
people people can still see snapshots of
who you were it's all online
yeah all the time you know like even
tweets that I sent to you like years and
years ago the world will that nice
people snatched like them you cannot
delete them yeah yes still be very
people can still look that up and go
back she and then we're probably hanging
out now people looking at tweet tonight
be like do you remember this they'll be
like funny how she used to slack off
Elfi now she's in his office yeah like
because people change
yeah they don't understand it's mad so
that was that was good that would chat
about changing but there were some
things that you wanted to ask about like
how I felt and stuff like yeah I just
think more in general just things like
how did you feel I don't know admit you
don't even know how you did feel back in
the day everybody knows things but about
like youtubers doing brand deals or
YouTube username obviously anybody
publish the youtubers on earn a lot of
money
yeah I can that's an amazing thing that
people can make a job out such a grater
fun job so I'm gonna say photography
like you know some people make an awful
lot money from it some people make like
about an average of like a good job in
London
oh yeah kind of like well I'm on I'm not
like people think that every youtuber is
a billionaire yeah like I have I would
say that I earn after tax and stuff it's
like the same as like a pretty decent
good job in London
not that kind of wages do you know what
I don't be completely honest about this
here I used to be completely against
YouTube selling out and their brand is
until I got a brand deal like yes Chris
you just have been off this second 2013
like some of you will starting to do
Brandi wait so so what would you did
what would you think before like
somebody did a brand know they're just
selling out from
money like they don't care about their
viewers they just they're just pushing a
product they don't even like boys
genuine like me pushing like urban
outfitter clothes and I'm wearing that I
like that I would guess back then I
would have felt like oh you probably
wouldn't even be aware and that if he
wasn't paid for it like I was really
jaded about that source now I don't know
why but I think it was just like I mean
cuz a lot of you will still have that
opinion that I used to have they get
like I people say I would watch this but
it says ad and I'm not being doing yeah
but like I knew this I guess I use a
source here as like oh you know you're
just using your platform or the people
who who love you so much for you to give
that number to a brand to earn money
like that's no no I see it oh so like
you know they subscribe to you but you
take that number and then you use that's
a bragging point to get money you know
that's how I used to say until I got
brand new for like the cereal and then I
was like I can't understand where you
were coming from like to this day I
wouldn't do a brand new or something
that I didn't necessarily like like I
don't want to be like gaming apps where
I just sort of you know I have played it
yeah and I think it's okay I know I know
I know I not to mention the game because
apparently because I've worked with them
previously twice if I mention their name
then I have to put ad in the video it's
probably the same so we're going to say
a game with two with let's just say like
very good pie let's say very good powers
yeah let's say that we all know it's a
lot before we put it on why I do people
say all the time like that's just for
the money
do you enemy islands like are you ready
to see my game time on this game here I
just want to approve this is this is how
when our new brand deals how much I
actually like the games so guess how
many hours I've played the game for ten
one day 14 hours 44 minutes I'll play
playing this game just some random
best the happy trans here okay because I
genuinely like it yeah so like it's
almost at the point now where you can't
do a brand new on YouTube without people
feeling that you're just doing it for
the money what else can we talk about
brands is probably a good one I guess so
professional YouTube already days let's
just say so you bought your own looks
like you bought me buying them tons of
my books and they're being sent to my
office yeah I've got three books out
more coming out amazing how would you
have felt back in the day well I had a
day of YouTube books I basically made my
whole brand of thing like slagging off
youtubers that wrote books but not
really any reason at all other than
everyone was doing it and I decided to
take on the opinion because I believe
but what would you have said - goes to
the same brand it was yeah it back in
the day if I said that's really cool
don't like my brand deals
yeah don't like my books you don't have
to watch them you don't do buy them yeah
now on that was another thing don't
watch them don't know about my videos
don't watch it yes there is no there is
no I don't like EastEnders I don't know
what she's doing this because I don't
like I think the argument I would have
said back then would have been like yeah
I don't watch them but these kids like
you're still like these kids think that
you know you know they think they have a
choice but they don't know that they're
being sold to they don't know that you
got my though I know but like they might
think that they have to go and buy it
like that was my kind of opinion yeah
well that's the that's the book thing
anyway like cuz I explained in my video
that it wasn't until I saw as I told you
this wasn't until I wouldn't W expect
but in the book shop
okay I wasn't our Waltons there with my
sister who was eight years old and she
saw a magazine one he's like teen pop
magazine is great yeah and she saw Sami
on the front and she pointed like the
magazine pointed me one look at that so
Ella and I looked around I went what
like no angry but I didn't even know she
liked YouTube let alone know everyone in
her class watches me Zoe you you know
all of my friends will fight like
they're obsessed and they're like eight
or nine years old and the look on her
face when she saw Zoe on a magazine and
got excited
it then cuz I told you this Adrian
that's what changed me completely
suddenly I just realized you know what
like for all the things I've said about
books like oh you know you're panning
the kids are ripping off kids you know
you're making them spend all this money
or so just throw out there
80% of all that's 18 to 24 wow really
in case anyone's ever wondered yeah I
think it might be an 86% or something
with you yeah but um it was only since
then that I realized you know what like
me write a book or you creating the
pointless book whatever people think of
it if it distracts one kid from a bad
home life yeah for ten minutes if it
gets about the house talking with their
friends yeah if it just if it makes them
happy of like a quote that you've got in
your work no matter what people think of
the content of the pointless book or
whatever if it makes one kid happy I get
a kid but if it makes one person happy
yeah don't mean like an activity you've
put in that book it was worth it like
that's it's only positive I always try
to draw negative through it but you
don't have to buy a book this is a I
don't I don't see the negative yeah with
it
because if you don't like it you don't
have to buy it it's like that's the
other that's why just don't get it
never used to get that I use that
December videos like Sony or like I'm
right well I'm just so glad that you
join up to watch it if you don't want it
yeah thanks to buy a book imagine people
who hate you being forced to buy your
book oh and also at the end of it like
another big thing that I did a love as
well it's like ripping people off money
for the book not my book on Amazon they
may actually have enough how much I
think I think I know it's like three or
four quid let me have a look Buy It Now
Amazon Prime four pounds for Palace you
can't even get bloody Starbucks food
meal and then there's people selling
like did you so much back in the day
yes and that's another thing we want to
talk about cuz because you had the
boyfriend think I said pennies off of
each book like literally pennies guys
off of me obviously I'm not making for
paths but publishers up to like pay with
the people with the printers that know
the memory class about to run out of the
management everything it all triples
everybody like to pay for the physical
but WH Smith or whoever take will be
half the money alright men with like
that now I don't if that's in the same
place
yeah I leave my pennies public let them
back in the day yourself or whoever
somebody doesn't like books yeah soul
t-shirts I mean you're probably making
like five six whatever quid off of the
t-shirt well let's look more than you
will make yeah I'm making perform a
t-shirt like I knew he had a store while
I was in salt in like books I yes
obviously like I've said this many times
my dream a life wasn't to release a book
okay I turned out so I don't get first
yeah and then gradually came to the idea
of the pointless book and we did that
over time yes my dream wasn't
author but I'm guessing your dream
wasn't become a graphic designer
no but you're selling clothes yeah and
making more money than I'm selling my
book yeah and it didn't matter I don't
get it people be like so think now let
my phone case my baby phone case this
one here is nine pounds ninety-nine or
you could get two and a half of my books
to have far more time and effort
into them in this phone case yeah I'm
not saying don't buy the phone case it's
a great phone but you know I mean I'm
saying like for people being like oh
your books got no content in it means
four pounds this phone case look at the
content of that phone case is ten pounds
Vince's yeah it's a good point and
that's what I don't get and that's what
like back in the day I would have dr.
Sayed you've been like no of course like
you're selling me shows
yeah your t-shirts were less design and
work put into it than my book has and
your t-shirts probably ten times water I
never would have had an argument for
that but I just didn't think about it I
was so involved in this whole like oh
yeah but like it's it's rubbish and yeah
it's probably not any good like I didn't
even think about the fact that I was
selling much for more money
like the women are making t-shirts were
like they're like I think back then I
was like maybe like 13 14 15 backing
like 2015 this was the last time I
remember specific this is the last time
I insulted anyone for any kind of book
or anything yeah they were youtubers
releasing a book for $12.99
yeah and I you know it was just
announced and I was like right this is
ridiculous
I can't believe you're releasing a book
for $12.99 kids of course why do you
like that yeah no no my book is gonna be
$14.99 is $14.99
I am scum so there you go also you don't
get to choose the price of your own book
when you open publish it yeah so
everything that I that I went is ardent
thinking I knew everything that I would
do things different in that situation
you know
oh I'm not like that yeah different
something else that I feel as often
brought up within the community it's
like people not getting on online who
people not being friendly yeah we spoke
about this don'twe which is absolutely
fine because the way which I personally
see I don't know how you say oh I don't
know how you did say before
do I see YouTube now we're all different
people from all over the world with
completely different lives making videos
in our bedrooms offices and studios out
and out on the street wherever we feel
all different content and that's the
only thing we have in similar that's it
though is that we're maybe upload to the
same website yeah the videos aren't even
similar there's not even that we all
make the same style content because it's
that we don't just go on press buttons
on the same website that's it in my
dad's office I don't if this is Jo Nam
I'm inspecting about this he doesn't
like my dad's always been there's 160
people or something yeah he's not best
friends of all of them I wouldn't even
be able name one of them yeah and that's
fine because they work together but they
don't have to as you know we don't even
work together we live to impress on the
same website but that's one thing that I
do find strange as words like so much
youtube drama
about who gets on with who and I'm like
no ii live in the same country like
newsflash some youtubers really don't
like each other some youtubers but some
people in school other people in school
exactly people in what that's like
people don't always get on like we
didn't always get along no I think this
video is so great because back in I
think it was 2014 like we sent a couple
of tweets backwards yeah you can still
find online where I was like but I think
I was like oh like oh you know you're so
arrogant I think I said that to you
about some event or something I was like
oh if you think this tweet is about you
you're so arrogant
yeah maybe so find that I've got my name
you were super on that tweet on that you
want pretty much Twitter for like from
that mule be like wow Emma and Alfie
have beef yeah they hate each other but
like we don't hang out every day this is
like maybe like the second time in a few
months
yeah that we've seen each other but we
get along fine exactly you know like we
get along just fine
we can still think oh you know each
other yeah funny to me love I would love
for us to film this at my house kind of
which we did just so you could walk
around with the camera and then we can
sit around and be like do I live in a
mansion there's so many people have this
thing obviously due to the press because
everyone put our pictures of my house up
everywhere
or mine I'd read that but they have this
thing about Zoey and I living in some
like million pound much yeah I don't
like number one it was not a million
pounds
number two no it is not a mansion and a
sensei smartest I don't get it but then
people still write people watch the
videos people don't like the videos
people who whoever still think that I
live in a million in a million pound
mansion so I would love you to come and
be like well I don't know mean I've I've
driven decision master I've driven past
it it's not mentioned I can't choose
it's like actually choose how many
subscribers to have on YouTube yeah and
I'm being honest
yep I reckon I would probably say maybe
about four hundred thousand if I could
choose how many subscribers to have
we've been talking yeah right let's do
round up there was no real argument to
some of the things that I used to think
like selling much but I didn't realize
that I had such as all jaded closed mind
about it but um you need to walk a mile
in people's shoes I think you know like
you have to like you never know there's
sort of things that go on behind the
scenes yeah like you don't know what
goes into writing a book why someone has
changed their mind and actually written
a book you know you don't know what
their intentions were like they're good
or even like why somebody hasn't
uploaded for a week or why he is missed
like I don't want a YouTube event or
yeah like it's so easy to assume but
have you heard the cheesy saying what to
assume is to make an ass out of you and
me know to assume it's make it helps out
you and me
so it's true though it's true it's very
cheesy fries but it's very easy to make
up reasons why you don't like some
it's easy to justify to yourself why
someone is bad yeah you know because I
used to do it all the time I used to
just imagine that you were a bad person
or something I don't know addicted but
like you know and I would you know
almost imagine sitting
yeah I bet he said no to this event
because cuz of money or something and I
didn't even know you I'd never met you
cut off when did it's never usually so
that's why why never run out maybe just
stops interesting okay
fun fact I've never actually asked we
paid good any event no I got asked to go
to something once I don't think it was
like a YouTube event and I said you're
gonna make a ton of money out of me
coming us a fact just from selling
tickets I will come if you give that
money to charity never we can't pay you
and I said well I want B to come but I
want the feed to go to charity and they
were like no we can't do that that's it
yeah because I don't want to make money
yeah what it's like simple as this hey
ed sheeran yeah man how you doing oh
yeah it's just reading here oh yeah cool
Aidan do you want to come perform this
year yeah man I love that main stage air
main stage what's your budget
no can you I'll pay you it's your job
you know it's like it's your job
hey film director yeah awesome do you
want to direct money film yeah okay we
haven't we can't hire you people do have
to designers are like graphic designers
all the time
I may never ever even work with a
designer that I haven't paid I know
about people have said can you let me in
your description member somebody once
did a video for me say can i link in the
description can you link them in the
description instead I thought and I say
my watch your day rate I paid them 600
pounds for the video yeah no no I'm
happy for you not they may not know
please let me know you done work you've
done yuck you don't you that's the same
with selling tickets to events like now
if I put on my own event or whatever if
I held a meet-up and I'm like yeah
Emmett you want to come your viewers
will buy ticket
so therefore someone who your Monday
yeah but someone is making a profit
Thunder I don't get it but at the same
time I'm happy for that money
to charity instead yeah I don't know I
think we've covered everything really
you know unless if anything else you
think I have an opinion on back in the
day YouTube money books Brandi owes well
I like types of content like you know
some some people will say like oh I
don't know how anyone can like Alfie
it's such bland vapid content no but
yeah so like if you said them back in
the day and I really said yeah that's
great don't watch it yeah exactly
oh yeah but these these kids have yet
there is no argument these kids can't
you you know I get this kids they're the
kids can't watch our stuff yeah but
you're just saying you're one of those
kids and you're saying you don't like it
that's great then watch it
exactly to watch it like oh yeah but it
always comes off my recommended yeah but
just got it it's easy you know I never I
never got that like YouTube it's not
case of like you know you've got a quota
of youtubers that you can watch yeah let
you know Oh someone's watching Alfie
which means they're not watching Emma
yeah it's not like that it's not like
cereal you don't just choose one in the
morning and be my love to promote other
youtubers of my videos and do that is
because just because just say no I've
done collaborations for youtubers I can
literally name so many people you know
there's people like I remember when I
filmed a video with Joe whether yeah you
got a hundred thousand new subs that
evening Wow Roman Atwood I pushed him a
hundred thousand subs and even he's been
pushing me over 160,000 and my friend
Sam Evans filmmaking we made his youtube
channel together he only had Instagram
yeah we made him a channel the next day
I shout out and vlogging go have a
hundred thousand subscribers because I
don't see yet the it's not competition
they're gonna now watch that person
instead of me exactly like whatever you
want and it just spreads the positivity
and love and stuff and like actually you
know when you're saying that I was like
I can stand by that because every net
like every so often I would just see you
post on Facebook going hey does anyone
know who channel it's like I see you do
and you actually are a spider tribute
from me or I didn't find a guy who
genital net yeah he linked a couple of
people to me the other day asked I also
dated people a nice any small chance I
should be watching I want to shouts from
people in a block heel up with some
channels and they're sick so I'm gonna
show you that's it like really really
sick that's the most points that I
remember maybe having about you / other
people and what I see other people talk
about you with and neither as well
sometimes you know it's been like she's
so annoying
you must be interesting being on the
other side because you need then that it
got to the point I'm just beating on
behalf of you yeah please don't no of
course we're if because you spoke about
things negatively in the community if
something happened in the community that
people might perceive as negative they
would go to Emma you want in a reaction
form Emma so it is almost like her brand
turned negative yes we spoke Latin is
negatively that's what they want it
absolutely like I don't know like
someone would like you know announce a
book or do a video that was a bit yeah
unless you people would tweet like not
even at me they've been like oh yeah
can't wait see what black ghost has to
say about this that's the nickname he
will use me back in there and they hate
me but like there's like don't wait to
see what she's gonna say about this you
know and also in a good way the bill AHA
yeah I realized I was encouraging that's
with negativity and I made a video early
last year saying I don't want that
anymore yeah you know I don't want this
sort of drama I go into a fight with a
friend like earlier this year like I
said I'm not going to go into massively
like that end up public and that was the
first bit of like drama like it was a
fall out with a friend that was the
first thing that became a public in not
and I hated it and I forgot how horrible
drama and negativity is like falling out
people publicly I forgot how hard it I
think I'm a very like I'm very happy to
have a confrontation with people but I
just do I dropped it off line - just
have a phone call it's just me up in the
sky
chat this were your problems with me
let's have a chat yeah because there's
no point or we both just go yeah we
thank you on good thing with YouTube
though you can make whatever you want to
make it some subjective whenever you
want to watch anything literally
anything I find some of the craziest
there is a washing machine channel it's
not know where you just watched inside
edge there's a channel my friend link me
once and then reveal it you'll attend
because I'm good to go yeah it's great
asked for no it's not yes oh my gosh oh
my gosh right there's a there's a video
that my friend showed me there guy
problems every single day him sitting in
his house was letting go yeah and just
smiling I need just smile for hours of
day yeah I mean she normally gets
burgled no guess Bergling boss you need
to sit sir get in mobile you got to
become a ginger biscuit or something
hopefully not same has just gone off to
go I'm looking to get a new tattoo
talking about tattoos with her has made
me want to go and get a tattoo like
every time I speak to somebody had
tattoos or I see somebody with really
cool tattoos like I saw this woman the
other day we're really sick tattoos on
our hands
and I wouldn't get tattoos on my hands
personally but they looked so cool like
oh my gosh I need to get myself a tattoo
just heading back I'm a little bit late
20 minutes late already
today for the second time ever I'm
getting a spray tan
Zoe's getting one as well Poppy's
getting one Shawn's getting one and
Izzy's getting oh my gosh you are so
tanned come here I hear what time did
you go for no you having that eight
parts come here let me see so dad
I hope you're so pale oh you're just so
natural tan Oh your teeth look so white
sorry look at you next to each other
what you did to my poor dog what's mommy
done to you Oh Missy he looks so sad if
everyone laughing at you
we don't like it by the way guys this
isn't an actual nappy finola this is
like pants that you can porn if you want
washed you're getting no she's she's
been spayed you know dogs can't actually
get that or they do get that she looks
so sad several laughter yeah this is
like the little pants that you can wear
Sean's over there he's had his tan done
he opted out of the see-through pants
you didn't wear the seat you didn't wet
did you wear them no you did it is in
there like one minute can you just do it
while stoned do my hot yoga position
like
you've been heard a spray cans all
finished up we're just ordering some
food
Shawn and I getting chicken wings and
Shawn is going for there is mild medium
height very hot and super hot very short
is getting very hot I'm so pathetic when
it comes to like what are you doing oh
that's horrible if you like that up
someone's first it's like you've got a
knife oh so you're so damned sure you
are tan right look at it in there
they're not normally that eyebrows I
don't have very tanned in my camera all
right let me come out here and show you
much of time because I don't look too
tanned in the camera I just really
sweaty but if you look here look at the
difference that's before and that's now
this food is ridiculous yeah why did
some extras up the calamari Shawn and I
got chicken wings
Shawn's crying because this is so hot do
you regret it
mine actually really good and there any
media goodbye
Wow good luck with your tans don't sleep
on new sheets we ended up just chillin
hanging out and watching the Brits and
getting a good takeaway tonight I have
to say there was some incredible
performances tonight my favorite by far
has to go to ed and storm see like that
was sick I cannot wait for that to go on
YouTube so that I can listen to it again
and again that was so so sick all right
now we're just heading up to
I've got a carpet coming up 8:30
tomorrow morning for the exciting day
though is niala to bed and we're just
capturing an early night I think it's
only like 10 o'clock I'm so excited for
this town
you look so tanned let me see look at my
neck it screams oh my gosh your neck is
actually gone green yeah but it did that
last time it reacts with my oil like my
I don't look green tomorrow so get right
underneath ball braces back on me take
off our bracelets that we never ever
tape on and off
no I do need to embrace back you know
freedom didn't get mine back one
tomorrow morning after shoulder can I
put mine on just got into bed I'm fully
aware oh oh my gosh we kind of never got
to see Zoe in the outfit that we pick
did you actively wear today because when
we came back Zoe just had a spray tan so
she wasn't wearing out for any more
because after you have a spray tan you
have to wear loose clothes for the rest
of the day okay at the weekend we're
gonna pick another outfit and we'll
actually see Zoe wearing it okay it's a
pig and then I left and then when I came
back yeah I had to know anyways I hope
you've enjoyed today's vlog guys I'm
gonna be cutting their vlog off here
ending it a little bit early it's half
past 10 I'm gonna go to sleep
thank you so much for watching I hope
you enjoyed it I hope it's been a bit
insightful sitting down with Emma and
having a chat with her about how she
used to not like things that youtubers
did and now she does like things that
YouTube is it is just like it's just
interested in seeing that insight into
somebody's brain how they've change and
not that somebody who doesn't let
youtubers are thinking about things
wrong they can think that just as well
as people can think about it positively
but it's just interesting and speaking
to somebody
properly and in detail who's been on
both sides themself I'm getting in the
vlog now guys if you enjoyed it you know
what to do give it a thumbs up leave a
comment down below I need you forgot to
the shut up today I was just about to
end the vlog shadow of today goes to
a meter p.a me underscore therapy on
twitter she says she's got my
notifications turned on on my YouTube
channels and she's put pictures thank
you so much Amy I catch in the morning
for an early 8:30 in the morning
