look at that so I just got home from
hanging out with I think it was eight oh
I haven't even said hello good morning
guys how you doing I hope you have a
lovely day although I should really say
good evening because it is currently the
evening I've just got just got from I
can't even speak I need to slow down I
need to relax I've been wanting to start
this vlog for a little bit let me tell
you what I've been up to today so wake
up or get or that I did actually wake up
pretty late today I set my long for 9
o'clock because as you know last night I
was filming gaming videos if you saw
yesterday's vlog as filming gaming
videos until like quarter to 3:00 in the
morning that was that that was a late
night it was super productive but just
really really late and it meant that I
woke up and 9 o'clock this morning which
is late for me
of course I got up I have my breakfast
edited the blog had a meeting for an
hour which I didn't bother filming well
I don't know why I would film it's more
on meeting and then it was time for Zoe
and I to head off into Brighton and meet
a bunch of you guys I think we met I
wanna say 13 of you it was meant to be
14 of you but one of you couldn't make
it so I think it's 13 I cook it it
doesn't matter I don't normally talk
about or film when I do these kind of
events but I just thought I'd tell you
just because I've really filmed anything
else today and it'd be nice to to fill
you in more what with what we've been
doing so quite often Zoe and I work with
different charities for example like
I've worked many times with make-a-wish
and today we worked with rays of
sunshine just help in helping people's
suppose dreams wishes become a reality
and it's weird for me to say like I
don't really believe it but it is true
but it feels weird that some people's
wish some people's some people think
that they would love in life is to meet
Zoe Knight and the people we met today
through rays of sunshine which is an
amazing charity haven't checked it out
you need to go check out the work
they've gone through and they're going
through incredibly tough times for not
only them the people around them their
families their loved ones like they're
going through
unbelievable times and they're also
brave and then I calmly described but
you guys know what I mean like the
unbelievable people so Zoe and I invited
them down today all to come down we hung
out with them for the day we got our
favorite cupcake shop in Brighton to
send over one of their like top cupcake
decorating people as she came over and
she taught all of us how to decorate
cupcakes like properly like doing all
the icing making our own decorations no
stuff like that so we basically spent
what was it like two or three hours
together all just chatting hanging out
taking pictures talking decorating
cupcakes eating cupcakes having coffee I
said oh just hanging out with all of us
which was so lovely and there was some
of you there that I've liked then I've
spoken to online before and that I've
tweeted and that I've seen your pictures
there's one go there that I've been
following on Instagram for like two
years now her name is Evie and she is
she's amazing like she's so brave and so
incredible and her sister was meant to
be come along with her today but sadly
she couldn't make her think her name is
Ruby so if you're watching it's such a
shame that we couldn't meet you but we
going I did a little video for you so
hope you got that and stuff and we made
you some cupcakes and we started with em
for you and things but today it was just
a day well not the whole day but just a
chunk of the day out of the vlog to
spend it with some people from the rays
of sunshine charity and we had a lot of
fun we had so much fun and it's it stays
like today that really put in
perspective and push me to keep on going
to make these little videos of mine that
are so simple and they're just silly
little things me messing about with
friends with family doing stupid little
challenges and things but the effect
that it can have on people's lives we'd
have to see that today and in return
thank these people for watching my
videos and I don't know today was
awesome
it's so nice getting hang out with these
people anyways it's the evening now if
the evening I've got my hairdresser
coming over to cut my mop that's why
I've got my hat on you guys always ask
me why you wear your app so much because
my hair looks horrendous at the moment
my hair is incredibly not incredibly
messy and I need it cut so I'm get my
hair cut in a minute how you doing
why is being quiet you tired
you go ahead ache so it's been having
migraines throughout the last week I
mean yeah yeah I need to get my eyes
tested I think you think that's what it
is yeah maybe maybe need glasses maybe I
do maybe need to drink some more water
yeah and that don't wait to get some
cold water yeah
as I drug you have dinner huh w okay or
you can have attend that you haven't he
or they have it does I really like this
where was this from are these are some
letters sorry these I'll show you them
I'll show them them in a second the
company called love orchids love orchids
thank you very much for your guessing
they're all kids I don't know my flowers
oh you're sayin can you overwater them
yeah thank you very much guys this looks
amazing on our table on our fake little
garden alright let's read our cards
these are from some of the people that
we met earlier today
these children that we need a fire like
SWA I was trying to say a minute guy my
blog it's like they're so so brave so
smiley
they're like it sounds really cliche
but from the feeling of the emotional
ability who was talking about a headache
actually number today what else I mean
this is all about say like when we meet
people who are going into incredibly
tough times and we see the effect that
has on their family and we've gotten
visited so many people's houses and met
people that are too ill to be able to
come out of their house so we go to them
and we hang up them for the day and
stuff and I don't film this kind of
thing just because it's not really right
for the camera days and I'm doing I'm
doing it to be in the moment there with
them and but it does put it into
perspective when you see these people
they never ever ever fit in their being
like this sucks
they're never moanin they're so positive
do you know I also think like it's so
easy for us to not think about who's
watching our videos like I personally
don't think about who's watching my
video because then I think it can alter
how you might be on camera but when you
read people who have gone through such a
hard times that say you've got me
through there it's like so important
like what we do is so important to so
many people I just find it hard to like
comprehend I'm going to help my silly
little and my funny little challenge
video being stupid how can that have
that effect on your life when you're
going through such an incredibly tough
time but it's just taking them out of
that tough time for ten minutes or for
five minutes or 20 minutes how well on
the video is like one of the girls today
was I am absolutely obsessed to be a
sincere isn't it just like it takes if
they're half an hour long it takes about
half an hour outside a from the mundane
normal day of going to the hospital and
get in whatever she has to have done and
taking the medication and things and
that half an hour's just hard enough for
her to zone out not be in the moment and
just I just think the nine I just think
what we do might not be important to so
many people but it's also so many people
like escape yeah like I'm making me
children to raise essentially the
such a big like eye opener because you
realize that video that you could see
made in your like you uploaded you know
we think too much about how like made a
difference in somebody's day or life or
do you know I mean like it all makes a
difference to these people and that is
why we do what we do like that is why
it's crazy it's crazy yeah like it's
hard to it's hard to think about it's
hard to think in better the name so it's
amazing it's amazing so thank you guys
for watching the videos a lot of our
positive everybody is how nice everyone
is all of the time whether the last
about eight years that have been doing
YouTube it was that fun actually yeah
this is from Ashley and it's hard with a
guinea pig on it look aa little factory
barren Lauren oh thank you so much
Charlie wanted this is amazing look at
this is very Alfie Nala parsley and
Pippin I love that why don't we open air
rather than leave it in the bag Nala we
should have bought you along to meet
them today you would have loved it you
can imagine any friends and the hairs
all trimmed all cut short still long on
the top here but short on the side time
to read some of your comments I tell you
guys this a lot but I do genuinely sit
down and read a lot of my YouTube
comments I just want to tell you that
because so many of you comment every
single day much we need to know that I
do actually take the time to read them
not every single one like there is a lot
but I read a lot just but not little bit
downstairs got myself one of the conch
Romania
deal with you guys today in the vlog
because yesterday I forgot that was
inspector services I forgot to share
whatever young yesterday's medians
around to do today
somebody called Alice underscore Katie
underscores easy just can have a shout
out please like the women AIDS patients
on Android to do for oil making my dream
come true selfie Ariana on Twitter but
the enemy lately she's just we have been
doing my notifications turned on I think
today's clocks been a little bit
different usual but as I said I just
wanted to spend the day with a bunch of
amazing viewers in Brighton hang you now
and just give them all of my tension so
catching them all in subscribers in
already interviewed in this might here
okay
