all good
did we get the shot I think say though
is currently taking a picture the
world's biggest - I really want to put
my camera down but I need a Phi 3 is the
size of a size through 3rd but it's like
nearly as thick as a Pringle tube but
that's what I'm going to say I really
hope that it's not human it must be like
a Great Dane or something I'm not being
funny if you've got a great day in it in
the that's until you have to
because I won't you have to just live in
massive yeah pick up every dog hey let
me pick up every one of course but good
there's nothing more annoying than
treading in dog poo so I don't want to
be the person that causes someone else
to tread in that dog do you always pick
up now let's go if you wouldn't even
like if you sit in Alison you won't even
notice you sit in it oh it's like -
Maltesers not quite I kind of know new
definition it'd still be over the end of
both flights so--but I've never seen
anything in my life
good morning everybody good morning this
is that what's happening today of Audie
enter to the vlog uploaded it was
scheduled and everything Zoey and I are
just heading into town to to do a bit of
shopping you know yeah where we I've got
popular places I do it all inside you
need to go to and into goes the apple
stalks my dad's been having issues with
his iMac the last couple of months so
I've taken pictures of the issues and
I'm going to show them I also want to
see much get my phone fixed but then if
you saw the vlogs but about two or three
weeks ago I cracked all the screen on my
iPhone the drops on the floor so
annoying so I wanna see how much that
cost to fix hope this
too expensive although I can imagine it
being really expensive we do not need a
snow globe
no exactly we don't need it even more as
always trying to buy anything Easter
related some same we probably shouldn't
buy something big we probably shouldn't
buy something big was only just watched
town because we've got loads of shopping
soon we're going to carry around a snow
globe the whole no I don't want I asked
you once no go back we think of like my
beautiful so beautiful I don't know
where I'll go what will do with them
they're beautiful
no that doesn't really fun get them we
still get them now you like this one you
want to get this funky
well I don't know if I like that one or
anything I find it weird is what it
works on it and actually fun yeah I
thought you liked this one don't like me
I like this one too why don't we this is
what my mom would have said when I was
younger
oh sorry someone else just trying to get
in a blog why don't we go and get some
food and have a think about which one
would be best
yeah we'll go and think about it and
we'll come back I like this egg here I'd
love to like if I buy this egg and I
bury it in mum's garden so that when
she's doing garden in one day she like
digs it up and she's like what the
bloomin heck is there oh yeah but I'll
just hide it in their garden in the
flowerbed
we've come down to the beach oh man this
looks like a green screen does anyone
ever you can hear me cuz it's so windy I
haven't got one of the little fluffy
things on the top of my my camera we've
just picked up a Leon but the only issue
is that we forgot to pick up cutlery so
I don't know how I'm going to be able to
eat my food with no cutlery this is a
lovely day isn't it so nice so calm well
that probably doesn't sound come to you
because again I've got the middle fluffy
things on my arm but oh my god did you
see that it was literally on your head
like you was like that far above your
head we're going to get food on
audiences on screen so let's see look
they're all coming nearby it's good
you've got go away get away go and
you go away I'm going to put my camera
here just to get food on then it release
it Lisa get on footage whoa
let's go up our chicken jump chicken
good news everybody we didn't get pooed
on or about don't say that various
picking me some clothes to buy although
what have you done today and yesterday
you haven't let me put your out there
yeah we should do a video where we buy
each other and out there yeah we should
do that Bobby so good yeah I think
that's cool I like that yeah that looked
really cool just slightly bugger
if brother made it they call them up or
the girl would a look yeah see you again
thanks so much right getting back into
the car then why is orientation the
other cars parked so close next to me
that she can't fit through the door oh
that got busy that got incredibly busy I
didn't realize that it was still half
term or like some kind of people on at
school and college and work and stuff so
so as long ago he said I'm taking ages
again come in go get up I'll talk to you
in a second hey doggy doggy doggy doggy
we're currently watching Casper's new
video of Jose so good if you haven't
seen it you need to go check it out
I want to start a new gaming series on
my gaming channel but a solar one
because as you know I upload sims twice
a week on every Wednesday and every
Saturday but it has been so long since
I've probably gained on that channel by
myself I've been toying around with the
idea of tons of different games which
ones to play which one so I'm not play
which ones were you guys would all be
playing which ones will I enjoy things
it's got to be solid I really really
will enjoy I blame myself not just
something that all of you guys want to
see so I tweeted out our skin say one
something solo series watch love a
surprisingly tons of you want like I
thought it would all be like another sim
series a Minecraft iPhone games and
stuff like that all the replies or say
in like proper proper gaming games like
Last of Us and GTA and stuff like that
like proper games so I'm downloading
Steam now to download a couple of
different games I've got one game that I
do want to play myself and nobody
actually tweeted me saying it so I hope
you guys hope you guys will enjoy it I
want to play or shall I tell you or
should I not tell you I think it's good
life as a youtuber or life of a youtuber
and you basically start off making your
first youtube video kind of thing in the
game and then you have to try and become
a successful youtuber in the game
I know people have played it before like
gaming youtubers but I haven't watch
anyone play adjusting like pictures and
things so I did find some games that I
can play on Mac because it's so much
easier to play here at home in Zoey's
office but with an all the way to town
to play gaming videos let me know down
below if there's anything that you do
want me to play any games at all I used
to play when I was younger halo like
this was lit to my childhood halo 2 and
3 and runescape oh my gosh those games
not as younger like Gordon plainly them
on my gaming channel but man those
against was sick
whenever not as this thing in that mouth
which you will not let me get she loves
it so much
looks like she's got a massive scarring
that I'm mouth should go on a walk Missy
when they're going to walk would you
want to carry on playing alright see you
later
just downloading youtubers life this is
the game was talking about it's just
downloading now 33 percent done so we're
out taking dollar on the walk in the
park
oh crap I'm getting tripped up on the
lead I just had to say it's so dark we
can't even see Nala we can't see the
need we can't see anything
like you can't even see Zoey now but
she's there you probably can't even see
my hand I've got my iphone to watch out
coming in we've got nylon the longest
lead ever is like 25 foot or something
just finished filming a one hour and two
minute YouTube is life video that is
quite possibly the longest YouTube video
I've ever filmed that was an hour and
two minutes filming that was cool I
really like it one of them is more now
but I just wanted to have a break for a
bit in the episode that was only one
episode as well by the way guys that's
coming soon it's going to take it's
going to take a long time to save and
render and everything this is an hour
long okay though he's got the hiccups
for some reason every time she hiccups
it slows her back what surely you're not
that smooth that it affects you fat my
hey yeah yeah but you can hate them but
it doesn't mean that they throw you off
HM he hadn't seen before turn the camera
on
every time she comes she's like there
look should I get him thrown back me
hold you back they're gone they're gone
you're concentrating this is how you do
it everybody parable oh goodness
you should have you wait for one of them
do it from the opposite side of the
glass you drink it feels weird but it's
from the opposite side I mean you'd have
to drink the whole thing who is are you
drowning yourself
they got aa good ink to be fair this
does actually work for Zoey whenever she
had hiccup she does this and some reason
it works it does fit with the drinking
upside down you have a break
three two one and they gone
is it were Hey
so my life hater
do you hate I saw in the Guinness World
Records and somebody have a look and
comment down if I'm actually right or
not I feel like oh and in fact Google
now Zoe what is the longest period of
time that anybody's ever had the hiccups
I think it's 13 years I'm serious I'm
actually serious that let me Google that
are you googling it or am i okay right
I'm gonna have to balance my campaign
between my knees what's a Google this
right oh my god that makes me feel sick
well Guinness medical record breakers
the longest attack of hiccups panel it's
called intact Charles Osborne 1918 1894
to 1991 in Iowa the u.s. starting up to
1992 was attempting to way a Hogg Force
reporter in there
he was unable to find a cure on
continued to take up until February 1990
a total of 68 years 68 years I could
actually don't know what I do imagine
having it was for 68 I hate if it lasts
more than my two minutes
yeah a woman had that sneeze sneeze like
non-stop yeah says 978 days deficit it
no is said within the first 365 days
it's estimated that she achieved over 1
million sneezes Rio Gannett 1 million
divided by 365 equals 2739 sneezes a day
I like I don't even know what I would do
you can't go to work if you're sneezing
that much because like if you're working
a computer something you keep enclosure
in your heart like
I just don't know I'm guessing there's
nothing you can do I wish you would have
done it that courage to make it kind of
gaming videos I used to stay up so late
in the evening recording and now the
only really from Sims videos when still
we have had when I don't ever restart
that late as I said in like yesterday's
vlog I probably get a bit mushy evenings
about half-past eleven
that doesn't mean to fall asleep
straight away I probably do that half an
hour an hour fall asleep but I go to bed
about hop-off 11 in the evening I
decided to record some gaming videos or
go to two videos one of them is like 50
minutes long and the other one is 31
minutes long it's ten minutes past two
I've edited one but X is both of them
one of them is completely finished and
saved the other one is still exporting
now and that's going to take a bloomin
long time this isn't a one this isn't
the lifestyle I need to get into
recording games during the day because
I'm going to pay for this tomorrow and
I've got a busy day and I meet some of
you guys tomorrow and I want to be tired
but it's ten minutes past 2:00 in the
morning all right I'm going to end this
vlog now I'm probably going to stay up
for like another 45 minutes or so
sorting up this video making sure that
it's all good I hope you've enjoyed the
video if you have as always give it a
big ol thumbs up subscribe down below
and I already work lended nearly a four
million on this channel which is
philosophia means Oh which is
mind-blowing
look at that thanks so much for the love
and support as always see you in the
morning when I'm 99% asleep and I'm just
going to be like a zombie tomorrow like
this
okay
