I feel like I've set for 10 million
years you know and you oversleep and it
doesn't feel good that you don't feel
relaxed you feel like you've overslept
oh exactly how I feel right now
I fell asleep quite early last night I
think about half past eleven and I've
just woken up in this ten o'clock so if
at ten and a half hours sleep that's way
too much way too much how are you guys
doing a lot have you been up to this
Monday for you watching this I hope you
having a productive day I think that
you're excited it's a brand new fresh
week and I will say this a lot but try
and make sure that your it is stepping
out of your comfort zone trying
something new maybe not every single day
that's just not realistic in life there
definitely every single week there can
be some little thing that we have never
done that we can try in each and every
week whether that's trying a new food
whether that's being nice to somebody in
a way that you haven't done before like
buying a homeless person the sandwich or
whether that's right in your grandma or
a letter and poster net in a post box I
don't mean it just something it's small
that won't take up your whole week might
take five minutes might take ten minutes
might take all day but we'll make
somebody else's day a lot better don't
know why getting up is so hard to find
staying awake at night so easy
I'm such an evening person and just not
very much of a morning person I'm going
to turn myself into a morning person by
just getting my back up in the morning
and being productive or I mean it does
look like cloudy but I have faith that
let's see the little blue bits breaking
through I faith that that this was all
going to clear look like that there we
go so I'm talking about I'm currently
watching I know he just died just so I
get my camera out I'm currently watching
I believe this is have another UK halo 5
tournament something I don't me know too
much this is my friend Morgan he's been
in so many blogs here
and also a grab monograph this is him
playing now in like a massive tournament
so guys there's Morgan yeah Morgan
steamer to kneel down and just won the
last two games in a row that there he is
oh my gosh and now it's too old so it's
all in the decider last match Halos my
childhood I'm watching this now with one
of my life or my old my first whatever
friend since I was three playing you're
just tense guys is nine always oh my god
come on yeah Morgan's even just one yes
what a massive game how Morgan
tournaments finished up now he ended up
finishing in fourth place in the whole
of Europe so ridiculously so so-called
I'm just heading out now my second
session ever of Bikram yoga like hot
yoga I'm going to our second session I
don't actually know how long this one is
my cousin just texted me this morning
saying that she's going and I run got
poppy and sure enough like guys you have
to come it was so good last time so
they're coming as well and everyone's
looking to be weird in town because I'm
wearing short and I'm talking to a
camera but I did the others are already
here and I'm loosing them here I'm so
excited
so apparently Sean dropped out and he's
gone up to Mia a friend of his it's just
me poppy and easy today what he has done
taught yoga once before and she seems to
think that she fainted that she passed
out because she was so hot I mean it is
right
only reason that company status I
workout for the workout hey I'm filming
your whole session Jesus I thought that
was going to be an hour long somehow
easy read me Aaron a hot dog so it's
half past six
how was that yeah how did you find out
the robot yep but did you
actually enjoy it and how oh my god I'm
so read your oh we got the morning
fabien is iam headed back in Papi's car
before going home I'm just going to pop
to Wagga mamas and get Zoe her favorite
dinner she doesn't know so hopefully she
hasn't already eaten yet I don't even
fill up one Michelle stuff I'm just
going to pick Zoe up one of the way home
I own one of you guys an apology so you
know we have this agreement that if you
ever see me out in the street you ask me
for a PB wristband I will give you one I
have to Ed Sheeran try to speak I am a
woman who works in Wagga members just
came up to me saying my sister is
absolutely obsessed with you and she
told me that she saw you came into my
grandma's in the rug and she said next
time he comes in you have to ask him for
a wristband for me so she came over and
she asked me for a wristband and I
didn't have any on me because I've
literally just come out for yoga and
you're not allowed to obviously we're
like jewelry and hot yoga this one I
literally can't take off but I take off
and only wear like you saw earlier -
that's wearing wristbands but I'd sit
them off for the hot yoga so I didn't
have any on me so woman who works in
Wagga members sister I just want to
apologize to you I didn't I don't know
your name I didn't get your name I just
want to say message to you and very
sorry next time on moon Wagga members I
will bring in a bracelet and I'll give
it just a stuff just come straight out
hot yoga I'm a sweaty mess and I don't
have any wristbands what a bug good no I
only have to wait 15 minutes and though
he's in a jug oh that's hot and fresh so
so I'm going to drive that back now home
and I will see you I think I hope oh
that's quite nice lighting actually
that's much better than that I look all
that sweating gluing that could have
filmed that little clip like this so I
need to put the camera away
I've got me driving in vlogging the
things less dangerous please Park in
what do you want to sit down in bed to
read all the new comments on the vlog
and I've got myself some it doesn't look
very good
I haven't read it yet it's called powell
kicking
i believe i don't even know what it is
touch my weekly live show just opening
this box because in today's live show
I'm unboxing
some mystery boxes on this website Asian
like you can buy things look you can buy
packages different prices where you
don't know what is inside it's just
with a mystery box and you have no idea
what it's going to be so got the boxes
in your blood
mmm I've never picked got myself so big
in my life on the edge of that box oh my
god that's like the whole length the
middle part Matt flips your paper cut
myself like from here to here the whole
bit of that middle bit of my finger I
don't know where I'm going to open one
of these or two of these in the live
show but I need to go live now because I
told everyone I'd be like 8:30 it's 8:35
so I'll see you in a second I'm
currently halfway through the unboxing
somebody's just commenting saying that
they want me to vlog the live show so if
you want to be in the blog comment
something now and then your lamb see
your own comment in the live show I mean
in the vlog all in the light show I
don't know what it is but there's
something about hot yoga that just tires
me out I deliver so he where is the
exercise whoever that is because it's 90
minutes like an hour and a half like
that's quite long just intense and
you're not really allowed to drink what
I don't know what it is maybe it's about
that I did a lot a live show afterwards
they took up my energy as well I just
forgot to end the vlog again like I keep
on I mean I feel like it's a good thing
because if I don't in the blog it means
that I've fallen asleep and one thing
that I do find hard it's going to bed
and fall asleep in the evenings because
I've always been that person that stays
up gaming until 3:00 4:00 a.m. or
watching YouTube videos or doing
whatever I'm doing in to about 3:00 or
4:00 a.m. and then waking up at 11
o'clock in the morning and almost I'm
trying to change this because I want to
wanna be more productive in the mornings
and stuff and now I probably wake up on
average at like 8:30 every day which
isn't very early but it isn't very late
that's fun I feel like it's a good time
anyway
to start I'd say complete forgot and the
dog literally just fell asleep in bed
and I'm ending it now the shout-out
today got up from my phone here goes out
to wildest days on Twitter so she's got
my lip or he or she actually the
pictures me and Zoe so they have my
notifications on a while thanks very
much
and yeah did you the boat get a thumbs
up subscribe if you're not already in
stuff and I'll catch you tomorrow
see you tomorrow
and
