she get upstairs it's time to go baby
Oh lemon ACK you sneezed in my mouth and
you don't even care do you
alright ah my hair is like crazy today
good morning guys good morning are you
doing it's Saturday today let's have a
weather check let's see what today's
weather is saying I'm a ghost that's
weird
so let's super foggy get up little one
get mum what you are what you are I mean
my haircut what we should've just left
it just popped over to grab a
screwdriver for some reason they need it
apparently we had it and we had it in
the van from when we're doing it up so
it looks like no time has passed at all
since I was eating my breakfast but it's
now 10 minutes to 1:00 in the afternoon
so and I have literally been sat down
editing and editing and editing our
vlogs good girl down to the toilet it's
fine our dogs no matter what age they
are
we always praise them for going to the
toilet MAGIX my mum still praised me for
going between hey like she's at two
years old now we just finished filming
absolute end of the Sims going up today
yesterday for you guys super fun episode
though it's just ordered a pizza for
lunch and it's just arrived but I told
her she's not allowed to eat yet because
there's something that I fought that
goes alongside don't look close your
eyes the Sun in that I thought that goes
alongside of pizza and I was meant to do
this before today because today is my
healthy eating and now ruined it because
I can't eat it myself so it wasn't
planned for today is plan for another
video so you know one of our videos we
did like ice cream taste test and stuff
like that I wanted to know what would be
better a real pizza a chocolate pizza
origami pizza what a real one so I
bought a gummy pizza and the chocolate
pizza
to have when we next eat pizza so you
ordered a pizza for lunch so I thought
I'd get the chocolate and the gummy
beets are out to see if they if they're
up up there they're good enough now
that's not right
doesn't it look good a real pizza that's
chocolate beet service gummy pizza I'm
going to have one piece of each and see
which is better what a go a piece of a
yeah that's what I bought it so late man
can I not give you I forgot oh that was
then it is kid isn't that all in little
pizza boxes I think this one looks the
best the real one
yeah for sure oh my golly
where's that from oh that's like they
decapitate a really good pizza mm-hmm
but you know where the peas are just not
too thick and greasy and stuff it's just
like a thin piston where is the pizza we
ate and it's not enough Italian
restaurant mm time to try the chocolate
pizza oh my god that's good that's
really good I mean it is just chocolate
this beats of shape so we like to
operate you like that but the actual
talking itself or eating a chocolate
trying to try the gummy pizza is best
for 2013 that doesn't know I let you boy
the other day hey there's a I literally
bought Yale I arrived two days ago in
the post look at that a bloomin gummy
pizza oh it smells oh my gosh and I
write proper give it a big where oh my
god I don't even like sweets I prefer
chocolate to Sweden it's like the
raspberry ones smell I mean get your
that Highness or something we're
watching catfish this is the first
episode that I've ever seen where
they've met up and they've actually just
been like oh my god it's really you I
love you
I've never seen this before they're
holding hands now kissing each other but
then just major the first
is actually it's crazy right I need to
edit the Sims video we start on my arm
well I'm a t-shirt dirty and I need to
try this gummy pizza exactly Sims is
finally finally finally uploading
vloggers just gone live
it's quarter to 6:00 and we haven't
managed to leave the house yet it is a
beautiful day outside like unbelievable
so we want to go outside we want to go
everything is doing its thing uploading
scheduling but I haven't tried this
gummy pizza yeah there's many gummy
pizzas in the gummy pizza look at that
mmm
as I said I'm not really the biggest
band of sweets I'm more the top lip
person but I was actually quite nice I
mean it wasn't I wasn't expecting to
stress bad it's a bomb it's we just got
down to the beach it is an absolutely
gorgeous even the Sun has already set
just as we were drivin we're watching it
set as we were driving down and down
it's fully disappeared this so lovely
down here there's like a proper gradient
on that guy's like a guy's property and
the limbo was nay leaning or do not a
yoga stretch onto another day look how
cute this is this man over here is just
staying away to everyone is walking past
on the beach
I wish I could play an instrument and I
could sing and just come out and just
like dono so they just look so children
so happy here that it will see goes with
your buddies you normally chase them in
the garden but there's too many here to
chase the result flies that one there I
miss it so much this is so sick why do
you do this
does anyone else the dog spin in circles
when it's dinnertime
I don't get it I don't get it why don't
you go so we kind of haven't really done
much over the last couple of hours just
been watching too many YouTube videos
and from TV I make it painless yes well
done give me five I made a playlist on
my second channel of all my favorite
vlogs though is the mission going
through all those vlogs being like we
did your what you're not just picking
your favorites you're watching them all
back to making sure that that actually
my alright Edinburgh
we want to go back to end of us so bad
we've only got another road trip we want
it to be nice weather like in the videos
that we're watching is such sunny nice
weather all day I mean just from our
that's all I want in my life it's a bit
nice weather just thought I would update
yeah because we're just chilling on the
sofa there's half-past eight at the
moment it's not even late I would eat my
dinner it's only half past eight so you
may or may not know that Zoe for
Christmas bought me a Yeezy tracksuit
like an entire year's etrack suit we're
about to get it after I don't really
know why there's not any particular
reason why we go in we're just going for
a bit of fun if you like my outfit
telling me all over easy
easy tracksuit with the easy shoes look
at me as with anything I'm commenting on
fish that's all yeah they are you might
just have to take the hit down know who
I am already but this is the sickest
thing in the world and I can he got you
that then which one the Dolphins it was
Rachel
so that Dean Dean give me Deena your
boyfriend we're all in there we got it
on a mission right there is practically
running so find the shopping basket
we've got strawberries and raspberries
we're going full
crazy mud you
I can triple Auden look at every word
Lee whoa Easter eggs already look at
that yeah that's sick when I was younger
I used to build the most epic horse in
these toilet bit like literally my mum
my mum go shopping and me and poppy we
would like make a hole in the front and
dig out all of the back and I'd get
inside it and then we'd fill in the
front against the mom can find her this
oil smells amazing
do you don't think it's all at the
cleaning products is no so good
Hey look at this guy's mentally really
good and I haven't heard about that one
we read this one move that one and look
at the one behind it and it's really
good as well you had that one nah
what about these run those can do the
24-hour night challenge 24 hour a night
24 hour overnight challenge yeah getting
the bottom bet gone sleep on the bottom
at night what might not be just another
bottom yeah yeah oh goodness least and I
was going to pop it over your head but
we literally need you out it's click us
we're buying guess who to play
we have no idea how to put this together
just this one and this one half in the
corner towards the center until it snaps
off the cabinet corner we'll have four
corners particular is no stupid
construction I'm just going to pick
somebody and write their name down on my
phone you pick somebody and write their
name down in your phone and we're just
going to play this is who I've gone for
that there is who I've gone for ready
all your doors open
why have they made it to the door open
sideways this is the worst version of
the game ever right you go first if your
character email know did your character
a female know those you have a few years
I'm happy yeah okay is your characters
hair visible then are they not wearing a
have a not bald a big like have they got
a full head of hair visible if you had a
blonde yes
oh did you already got white lab is your
character Joe no so I enter you in can
you just guessed wrong no yes is wrong
shut up why so difficult person guesses
wrong a little ways what do you think
you know your host mr. character wait
until your next turn and make your guess
instead of asking a question if you just
correctly you win if you get wrong the
other player wins you get one game ahead
point to me tell me show you on the game
once right my Malika I had oh I had to
guess because I knew you only had one
left I had one two three four seven left
he is yours or which one of the three do
I guess I really really want to go this
one but I kind of want to say that one
and don't think it's that one is yours
Frank who is that
orbit and let me go Eric that is there
it will you look at where's Eric
did you love it yeah your pizza yeah
tickle one with the pepper in your semen
how did you guess that former me five
left turn
how do you get season I picked even last
time you didn't get it so I went again
that's so funny
well it's time to end the vlog and I'm
all tucked up in bed and I don't have my
laptop amidst up so I can't do the
shoutout now I'm going to add in
tomorrow the shadow of today's video
goes to this person thank you for my
notifications on gives video thumbs up
if you enjoyed it guys I'll catch you in
the morning
okay
