not a good start to the vlog today guys
not a good start I promised Lily that I
was going to get up at half past seven
with her today I promised it's 24
minutes past 9:00 and I'm still in bed
ah it's just too hard to get up that
early but when I was working out when I
was training before Christmas everyday
Monday to Friday in the gym with my
personal trainer I used to be waking up
at like 7 o'clock no problem I'll be in
the gym at 8 o'clock the gyms are
blooming 25 minute drive away from my
house and I'll be at the gym by 8
o'clock and now I can't even wake up a
half past 7
I just can't do it just go I didn't even
go to bed late last night
I am 8 q today guys oh that yoga the
summer weather check and see what's
happening today
ok that's actually too bad all over
there it's nice over there is just quite
great hopefully it's moving that way
what time did you wake up and then what
time did I wake up half 19 so what do I
have to do is a for fair now people all
relative it wasn't even me that said for
you to do that it was you you were like
yeah I'm going to set my mom let's go
together let's do that together I
thought I was good too and then I just
had hair like this I thought I was
literally going to wake up at that time
yeah then I didn't really know I didn't
I didn't I did well so what are you to
prove me wrong and you didn't I'm going
to do it on the way to the dentist I'm
gonna take a little over should the tip
on the way to the dentist that's not a
good idea
you'll leave that like I don't want to
do on the way back what
because then I'm going to stinky
publishing my car for like no you don't
talk about you come back here sort of
rubbish nah that's long drivin boxed in
by someone go this massive box just
arrived literally five minutes ago I'll
go so oh crap
this is a gross kick air this is for my
next slide show you can't so he you're
going to break it's alive right it's
right to take all of this to the tip is
there more
is there a lot will it fit in the car
come and pick what I'm wearing today
that's your challenge I will wear
whatever you pick but it has to be
sensible you won't like it if I own it
I'm guessing I'm going to like it
I love it give any boxes in here this is
why I tell I'll be not sold anymore
look at all of this stuff that I have
just for videos guys it's ridiculous and
math so my favorite colors on you I like
white I want a white t-shirt ever I tell
you to us as long as it's within reason
you cannot get me to wear that to the
dentist
where does fitted enter free the nipple
I actually would I bought that to wear
but it's just too small they're going to
pick like the tightest white t-shirt
yeah my favor a medium I don't even wear
medium anymore
where are you Jean yeah somewhere black
jeans plain white t-shirt or intra-day
yeah black jeans as well yeah I've never
worn those ones do you not want to wear
them no I just never have oh yeah
weather yes and no hat I'm not allowed
to wear a hat all right so that's my
outfit yeah yeah I'm going to put it all
on I'm going to do my hair and
everything like that
I'll see you in a second okay I'm all
changed up all dressed wearing the
outfit that's always chosen to wear
today and I haven't even got a hat on
got no hat on very nice I like it
I don't know I'm showing your outfit I
meant your mind though is it tomorrow
that I can pick her you can paint my
intimacy still sticking with that sure
time to get on the laptop and edit the
daily job form yesterday
it's just realized I forgot in the road
yesterday I need to end it today I just
fell straight asleep I don't know why I
doing this to myself I've got 12 minutes
until my dentist appointment begins and
I'm still oh I meant in the blog why why
am i doing why not do this
let me see I've got two issues I have
exactly zero seconds to get to the
dentist and I'm like more or less
outside I'm just stuck in traffic issue
number two is that the clearly this
white t-shirt I've had my hair cut in
once but you know when you cut your hair
and all the little bits get stuck in
your top and like oh this tissue is so
itchy not even joking you I just smashed
the hardest parking space ever to get
into sand oh sorry so I have a nice day
two minutes late here we go
all good oh yeah good so if you don't
already know last time I went to the
dentist I got my absolute butt kicked
I've got these invisible braces that are
fitting my mouth every day and I can
take them in and out and I'm meant to
wear them between 20 to 22 hours a day I
kind of wasn't doing that and the
dentist is one of those people that you
just can't do it
you can tell them that you don't drink
fizzy drinks you don't need a lot of
chocolates you do brush your teeth twice
a day that you do flush your teeth but
there are professional dentists they
know when you're lying to them so I
didn't lie I just said yeah I don't wear
my braces enough and I had to go back
six weeks worth of braces I've now
caught up in over three weeks so I'm
only three weeks behind what it was and
but everything but everything today went
perfectly
went amazing he was like completely
happy was like you are wearing them
enough which I am wearing them now we're
all good well I mean we all get a set
for my like itchy top this is this is
still bugging me it is a beautiful day
today everybody the sky is like gorgeous
I'm just heading off now to go and have
a little catch-up like an hour lunch
meeting we're basically just going to go
over everything when you get done before
the weekend begin just make sure
everything is running smoothly so the
exciting plans would future things
happening are still happening and
they're all running good eg the great
store and other things like that I'm
torn between having a meeting and sit or
have an ni GG I prefer IgG but I don't
know if they can ever see
this looks so good I've been told it's
like yeah it's really hot got acai
smoothie as well
a little decaf latte my lens looks a
little bit dirty we all get are we all
good in brighton and hove there is so
many different kinds of parking areas
there's like things that are just free
for everybody
there's things where you have to pay but
anybody can go in at those things that a
permit holders only so you can only Park
in there if you have a permit there's
permit holders only within certain time
zones I'm reading I'm reading a sign up
here it turns out we're parks is every
day 9 to 8 p.m.
permit holders only I thought it was
like an anyone can park anytime I was
wrong just got a bloomin parking ticket
let's see the damage I thought I saw the
tops in the right place so stupid shut
up
you're a penalty charge of 70 pounds is
now payable and must be paying no later
than the last period of the 28 days
beginning with the date that the PSM was
served 70 pounds 70 bloomin pounds but
luckily after that says the penalty
charge will be reduced by discount of
50% if the 35 pound is playing no later
than the last period of 14 days so if I
paid this within 14 days it's only 35
pounds for a moment I thought it was 70
pounds I was going to say this bloom in
the most expensive parking in the world
I've just spent more on parking the
Minor my pas lunch are smoothies my
coffee and this chocolate bar that I
just bought Zoe from the cafe afterwards
a super salted caramel chocolate bar all
of that is cheaper than my parking
because I didn't realize that I'm not
allowed to park here
oh you're outside you know can you
open the gate
get your ass in here I've been the gate
for me and that's I'm outside I got your
present close your eyes so I try to look
at what it is close your eyes at you
hands out no close your eyes close your
eyes
yes very don't cheat I was it's not
going to be funny
no what a naughty lover present close
your eyes Johnny
oh no it's not dark no it's not is it
dark no it's no I didn't read it let me
see seventy-two business done oh I just
read super salted caramel novel very
loved caramel I love salted caramels
what I meant but now it's doc you won't
like it
dark try it try and see what you think I
just didn't read the blue mini yeah oh
my gosh just add some milk to it is it
really dark yeah it's very dark Oona
oh no I don't like salted caramel so
neither of us neither ego mate you can
have it did you know what this why not
why don't you melt it add some like how
do you mean no I just AM like milk into
at night that's actually really nice I
do like that oh this is why I've got to
do now
what is this frightly today oh I like
that fruit salad from billing key yeah
good yeah the weirdest stuff then you
don't get any pick yeah then you have to
put some weird little rubber condom on
your leopard what do you do right coming
in how we put all of this in the car
that's what you said to make us make you
I made out you by buying you dock
toddler so I don't actually have a PA
box but often people like to send things
to Zoe's be a box for me these are cool
I use hash for bag that bag is really
cool as well oh yeah we like that's
massive these are cool and these Doc
Martens
so during a vlog a while ago I said I
wish I could wear Doc Martens and pull
them off but I just don't think I'd suit
them Doc Martens got in touch to know
like what head you want we'll send you
them but pick this hair on line and
again like I said in the in the original
video I don't if I'm going to shoot them
on art all that dear Alfie please run
close your new pair of Doc Martens we
hope you like them the best the Doc
Martens team and exposure thank you very
much to happen these are cool I know
which ones up anything though yeah I
just around enriched like the classic
top yeah I know cuz I saw these on the
website and I was like ER they're fair
and I like they look at with skinny
black bean yeah I did that sick oh I'm
magic if your feet with that big look at
her little pony or set please Oh Nala
there we go thank you
yeah they're really cool that's the last
one
whoa I cannot even tell you how much
rubbish we've got in this car that like
the little episteme rubbish bag
dropping the rubbish off is always so
quick the guys are so lovely but they're
so lovely here you're not allowed to
film on the premises we've got even more
rubbish at home but I just can't fit in
the car so this here is in our driveway
and this is where all the newspapers
like to describe as our luxurious log
cabin
are you ready you ready to see a log
cabin literally full of rubbish but the
newspapers love to tell everyone that
it's a luxurious log cabin so this is
the reality oh my gosh this is even
stinkier the last time
all of the rubbish everything all the
recycling is done I can now get a home
edit the vlog I've already started and
you saw this morning but finish editing
is quarter to four I'm going to get back
I'm having some real issues with
tonight's vlog it's already 28 minutes
late and it's saying six minutes
remaining
I have everything ready and then our
internet stopped working I had to turn
the internet on and off over like 20
times absolutely ridiculous
sorry then suggestion that maybe I
should restart my laptop because that
could be the issue I restore my laptop
and then it worked perfectly it was very
solved yet I just didn't solve the issue
quick enough I've been sitting in that
you doing everything I can to try and
make it work and it's finally happening
it's just a little bit late to want to
go out on a walk shoes on a walk coming
in get them then you can't really see
much but we've just come out to the park
don't even if you're going to have to
see Nala she's running around you can
let you just hear you can't see it my
cameras like pitch black it's so calm so
good having gone there's no one about
did you haven't seen anyone else yet I
may or may not have just updated my
Pokemon app caching or the second gen
Pokemon are you ready steady go put them
in action so far as soon as I got home
we came straight back out though it's
still bit of migraine she's literally
not really good for the last couple of
days Legion Holly you've come out we'll
make design bowling but they're running
late we've hooked it so they're wise to
wait for our lane we're just
only got nine Jesse got zero I was 32
I had a DD there are two well he doesn't
like this game this is the best game
Jesse
absolutely trust me
did you enjoy that with that but you
guys aren't laying down whilst doing
there I just stand up yeah
Jesse's won so many tickets that she's
put it in the ticket machines we just
counts them as they come out first game
is Brad begin just ease up first
holly has named Jessie clitoris I'm
called I hate hug the princess which is
holly
you've got the bars arm you've got the
bars up when you're go
the Jesse Bolton are the bars she got
affair I just got a strike and now the
bars have magically come out someone's
cheating
here's the final scores imaginary Joe's
got 90 I mean that was just a metal
amount game this is me 124 is anywhere
holy is what he got
Holly got 57 no your jaw I'm $7 it was a
bit more serious names now Holly Alfie
justly intense my food should drive I
got hot dog and get lost in tomorrow's
loved ones so excited for this the love
the game right here's the final scores
Holly 94 million hundred and sixty-eight
and just the 110 that's the highest
score have ever got kinda did it again
forgot to my blog went bowling then just
left it there I don't know I don't know
what keep on doing this I'm super sorry
I'm going to try and get out the habit
of doing that after going bowling Jesse
and Holly came back here afterwards
and we all watch because you guys know
that I've got a special version I've got
it earlier than you guys can we all
watch mine Jones and Marcus's episode or
release the hounds and those two loved
it like it was yeah it was so so sick
but after doing the blog so look to tell
well I think it's because it was like ha
part one in the morning and I wasn't
really thinking straight every single
day in these vlogs I shout out somebody
who's subscribe to my channel and has my
notifications turned on and that's
exactly what I'm going to do now let's
have a look with a comment to do to do
shut up today goes to Brienne's if
you're watching breathe thank you so
much for my notifications turned on to
being subscribed and everything if you
want to shout out tomorrow all you have
to do is turn the notifications on and
comment when you've done that and yeah
that's about it if you've enjoyed the
vlog give it a thumbs up to let me know
I will catch you all the day you're
watching this there is also a new Sims
episode a new episode as a pretence
every Wednesday every Thursday 5:00 p.m.
I'll leave a link down below go check it
out now and I'll see ya
I'll see you tomorrow good night guys
okay
