last night
what oh come and tell these guys what I
did
so last night I had like crazy
nightmares I'm not gonna explain too
much into what it was but more or less
there was a group of four of us boys one
was my friend Morgan I don't know who
the other two people were I did at the
time and would each took turn this
sounds crazy a set for me like i legit
didn't do it
there was a gun in this room we were in
which was like three or four stories up
in front of like a square of like where
people were hanging me out
and those three turns shooting people
dead out of the squalor just shooting
people so the police were after us
everyone's trying to get us to find out
why we did in if we did do it and
everything like that which is
understandable
cuz six people had just died those three
shot two people each well you a lie I
was out and about I wasn't with the
other three and people start to realize
that it was me that I was one of the
people that was involved in it and
started to like try and chase me poppy
then got straight up I was trying to
protect me got straight-up killed in
front of me this isn't my dream
obviously guys got killed in front of me
then Zoe was chasing me tanner Fox was
in my dream chasing me I've never even
met Tanner in real life he was chasing
me trying to like stop me and let them
arrest me and then I woke up and I was
like so scared but I was like gonna say
I was gonna say Zoe and then also no I
don't want to speak to Zoe because she's
one of the people trying to arrest me
and I didn't kill anybody so what did I
say instead what time like 4:00 a.m.
only are you calling for your dad Oh
saying daddy I forgot I forgot about it
and then Zuri does now when Truman who
said daddy and I'll bite but it made so
much sense at the time at the time when
I was saying it I like woke up fully
look to you is like now you're trying to
arrest me if I I need you to tell my dad
that pelea died that's literally true no
Dex I went back asleep and then I went
back into the same dream that was crazy
I don't know anyway it's good morning
guys good morning how you did Oh lovely
day
yeah so I called a boss 8 I've got to
get out get up out of bed I've basically
got a meeting in the center of writing
at 10 o'clock
just before so he goes out today I
wanted to show you her outfit yep I
don't know what I don't know any bits
from Topshop
this jacket is only the blind yes is
Topshop nice yeah
curled with a GHD color oh I need to put
smearing then BRB
I'm feeling good I'm feeling alive I
think it's because I've been listening
to the the greatest showmen like
soundtrack like the album and I am
absolutely loving it so many the songs
because it's such a powerful movie about
acceptance and stuff so many the songs
are so so uplifting and like motivated
and energetic and I've been listening
this morning and I feel like I can take
over the world that's not today's aim to
take over the world but but if I felt
like it at some point today I feel like
I might be able to do that after
listening I don't know what I'm talking
about
I'm currently off to a property that I
own in the center of Brighton me and my
sister are going over today to go put a
new TV in they're gonna go get some like
just nice little house see homely bits
for it because we're doing it up at the
moment to rent it out so that's super
exciting I don't know how much I'm gonna
film I know film did some bits there a
while ago when I was like building the
bed and stuff I don't know if you
remember that vlog but yeah anyways I
need to cut the camera off was I will be
late at the moment I'm not going to be
late I'm gonna be just on time and I'm
feeling really good today it's gonna be
a good day guys today it's gonna be good
and the tomorrow is going to be even
better because tomorrow all of my gym
equipment arrives the whole rest of the
gym like everything arrives tomorrow
had a really successful time at the flap
it's looking amazing sorting it all out
and everything just popped over good
night to come and see you and say hello
to be just read hi
I don't dad's making some hot smoked
salmon frittata I bet all the money in
my bank account it will not look like
that and the hint it will look more like
just the crust okay I've got to
vigorously whisk these eggs literally do
I don't know how I've ended up cooking
your lunch after I've eaten mine because
he didn't bring me any because know I
offered to shut up I offered yeah
he's looking pretty good I have to admit
this is where oh the flipper oh right
right here we go I'll help you
Jamie I'm so sorry what did I say a min
ago
I said it looks like the pitch I'll
empty my bank accounts - mom you've
gotta look at that patata or turn it the
other way up no it's already done that
both sides it's not I'm taking my shoes
on see you later
enjoy your ode I don't want any I'm all
good thanks
see you later meet you boy oh my gosh
I'm so excited you're excited to see me
should we go get a toy coming in let's
go and play you got one you got one give
me it give me it give me yeah
that's the cool angle now I can kind of
get me and the piano then I want to land
some more since Christmas I haven't had
enough time to put into this piano to
learn some like proper songs are like
well I'm getting bit more used to like
just playing like the call and
everything but I need to I know learn
some more songs get more used to it
I go on YouTube piano songs like this I
then go up here playback speed put it on
half so that it's slower I can follow
along get used to it and then I'll speed
up and speed up until real time this is
the song that I need to learn so I'm
gonna have a quick practice try and get
good at it and I'll even play it to you
later on in the blog or if I probably
forget knowing me remind me guys and
I'll play it to you like tomorrow or
something also PB pop sake all my
merchandise link down below now 20% off
of everything for this month literally
20% off of every single item that is
left there's not many items left I think
I think there's like 6 or 7 different
things available all the rest is
completely sold out it's not gonna be
stocked again so be quick if you want to
grab some 20% off of everything the
Kuwaitis Joe com4 - pointlessblog you
can get a pop look about this just sit
down to edit the vlog I realize that I
literally hardly filmed anything
yesterday so therefore there isn't
really a vlog I did film a couple of
clips of Zoe and I bind the gym
equipment that's turning up tomorrow so
I'll insert that now
Oh women app what's it doing
he's at the time must be today is a good
day everybody good morning guys come on
it how you doing hey
oh that's kind of lunchtime but then of
course you can stir it's busy school and
college and stuff is just finished we
are here today because there is a shop
called Fitness superstore but I've heard
it's the one for all my fitness
equipment cuz that's where we're coming
let's see I mean it looks pretty damn
good
shut up if it was closed I would cry
we've just driven an hour to get here yo
I take one of everything
I mean it's just a little bit better
than my gym just a little bit that's to
hug it's to cuddle if you're single
because he's so muscley look at this guy
okay I've actually I've already looked
online everything I want I've saved a
picture from their website oh yeah my
friend max has got one of these it's
like a vibration thing yeah let's get it
on there looks like is Emily that was so
successful guys we literally just bought
everything everything and more than what
we needed you excited that's what I
filmed yesterday so I've now ended up
just sitting here smashing my emails I
currently have 171 for a Dimas that's
not what you want yeah 171 I'm gonna see
how much I can get that number down in
the next half an hour I wasn't expected
to check my getting this quickly the
first even aunt just received another
one as always record in that clip I just
received an email saying hi Alfie just
wanted to get in touch and say thank you
so much for the help in the choose love
shop in December so many people came
into the store haven't seen your vlog so
you made a massive impact both in terms
of fundraising and awareness it means so
much we are beyond grateful yeah guys if
you remember the Rob when I went into
the shop in London and I showed you guys
around and that I forgot to ever check
up and see if any of you went in
evidently so many of you went along
because I've just received this email
from help refugees the charity so I just
wanted to quickly say thank you so much
for jumping aboard going and showing the
charity some laughs and helping out and
stuff it means a lot like you guys we
all represent each other we all
represent this community that we have
here on this channel and me asking you
guys to go down to this charity shop and
show some love and by the sounds of it
you turned up strong and hard and you
donated a lot so from me thank you very
much from all of these guys who run the
help refugees thank you so much
and then we're making a difference we're
doing that I told you this year was
going to be full of charity it may look
like I haven't moved at all but that's
because I haven't moved at all it's been
45 minutes I don't even remember how
many emails I had to begin with all I
can say is now I've got 21 in 45 minutes
I went from whatever a hundred and
something it was to 21 I've just been
sitting here like emailing people back
that I should be more about like a week
ago
nyle has been like proper napping
haven't you cuddled up to your little
toys you got this one and of course
you've got your piggy piggy goes
everywhere with you doesn't it
if you've been watching the vlog since
we used to live back in the old house
niala had this toy called Mingo and it
was a flamingo and she was absolutely
obsessed with it like it went everywhere
with her I don't know where it is these
days I should try and find their daddy
where's my daddy
daddy now ah oh my god that makes me so
sad we literally just purchased Nara we
bought Nauru and took her away from her
parents oh my god that's horrible never
thought about that before
that's really bad I know but we adopted
her okay that's nice watching the TV she
doesn't meet us of filming me
do it quick double Saucebox
first item in the source box because
this don't know what it is it's like
berries and nuts and stuff it's so good
second thing in the sauce box got blue
banana that thing in the sauce box got
cream egg that it never got cream egg in
the sauce box we did not get a cream egg
I think sauce boxes become we also
didn't get banana daddy on there looks
like it's 1:00 a.m. it is definitely not
one a.m. that clock isn't right and I've
tried so many times to change it and I
have no idea how to change it although
it's currently 5 to 9 I need to eat
why do I always do this and go out
without a jumper on stupid is literally
raining oh my gosh I've just realized
what feels so different at the moment of
going outside well the Christmas lights
got taken down around the house that's
why it's so much darker can't make sense
as I sweat when I was blogging like
recently it wasn't this dark it was this
dark it was just lights all over the
house that made it not so dark so we
literally have nothing in the fridge
only ate dinner out tonight she had a
day just full of meetings so she's
already had her dinner but I haven't so
just popping out now I'm gonna go grab
some bits I mean it's already like half
past 9:00 I don't want to I don't want
to be cooking a lot of food right now I
just want something quick and easy also
I think I've decided hey hey hey hey
Troy's new song
was it just about say before choice on
came on that was it I think I've decided
and you're all gonna say no but I'm just
gonna do it I don't care this is my life
I think I've decided I'll probably
change my mind tomorrow I might just
grow a bit more beard like I might have
trimmed this bit just now as you saw and
I've trimmed these bits here just so
there's like a clean lines but I think I
might I might just leave it for like a
couple of weeks and just let it get a
little bit bushy not like a proper beard
like I'm no no way but maybe just like a
bit thicker as you know I didn't upload
a vlog tonight because obviously you saw
the little clips that I did film in this
video and then went on Twitter earlier
and so many people are so annoyed like
what do you mean you haven't done it
you're a daily vlog the dish that I let
you uploaded a video three or four like
four days ago called my plans for 2018
in which I said right at the beginning
of the video I'm gonna try and start
filming and uploading some different
styles of content like back on my main
channel back on my gaming channel so the
vlogs my not be every single day if you
want to not call me a daily vlogger
because I'm not going to do every single
day 100% that's fine don't call me a
daily vlogger and I'm not I'm not
quitting vlogging I'm not going anywhere
I just need some time to work on another
thing it's like I want to launch back my
main channel I can't do that without
taking some time out of the vlogs be
able to film those videos and stuff and
like recently film for gaming videos
which will be going up I don't know when
but I've filmed four already
so I just wanted to say and I know that
99.9% of you did see that video and you
fully understand and you're excited for
the new content and the new podcasts
that we're working on and stuff but to
be able to do all those things it's not
gonna work it's not gonna work with the
daily vlogs every single day so not the
ideal like I want to upload vlogs more
than you guys and occasionally I see
people bring into it like it's your job
you can't don't do it number one it's
not just my job like there's so many
different things I don't my job but
number two if I don't upload technically
because I get paid for my views
on my videos per thousand views I'm
losing money because I'm not uploading
so when people say bridge your job like
I'm getting less money by not uploading
so then I know what else to say
basically I've already told you the
other day I want to know about my main
channel I want to log throughout my
gaming channel and I want to start this
podcast but I can't do all of that extra
stuff without something else having a
slight here and occasionally I might not
be able to log every single day from now
on but I'm happy with that because I
want to do this other stuff and I've
done I've done the daily thing for a
long time again not saying they're not
quitting the ideal situation is that I
can do all of that new stuff and still
somehow daily vlog every single day but
occasionally mono but every single day I
want to do everyday but I don't know if
that's possible evidently like today
that wasn't possible to upload so that's
just how it is from now on guys that's
how it is there's no question about it I
want to start doing some other stuff
like my main channel and the podcast and
that and that stuff is going to come but
take some time and things so
occasionally I might not upload every
single day oh my god I'm not going
anywhere vacation your hunche might miss
a video or two and that's that I just
wanted to say it because I saw some saw
some angry people on Twitter and also
why are you angry
I told you this the other day I'm
excited about it
if I'm excited you guys should be
excited about it there's new stuff
coming new things I was working on that
does even text in someone else about an
hour ago about filming a video I think
we're gonna film like the 23rd or for
for someone I don't know I don't know I
need to go get my dinner
before it gets any later it's already
like 20 to 10 and I haven't even started
making my dinner yet feeling a lot of
love at the moment and I just want to
put it out there that I'm feeling it
like the comments are tweeted actually
earlier on the comments on the the new
video that went up yesterday were
the best comments my favorite comments
I've ever had on any video ever I also
received a ton of emails and tweets and
stuff like that just I really got
speaking at the end of the video if you
didn't see it about pursuing your
passion and turning that into your job
and I received thousands of like proper
heartfelt amazing messages about people
who have pursuing their passions and
stuff and I felt it I felt it guys and I
enjoyed it and I loved it and I loved
seeing and I'm so proud and I'm so
inspired by you guys there are so many
of you that watch these videos they're
like I don't feel like I don't feel like
the main one I feel like I feel like I
get more from you guys and you guys get
from me like I know all of you watch me
on these videos but unlucky for you you
only get in one person I get like half a
million people I have many of you guys
watch these videos I don't need to say
or not but you only get like you ready
get my vibe I suppose actually no no no
that's not true because you do speak
between each other and you read each
other's comments and stuff I don't know
what I'm saying I'm just in them I'm in
a good place at the moment I'm feeling
good I'm excited and I'm bloody hungry I
need to go get some food I'm cutting the
camera what kind of thing
oh I had one of these the other day and
it was so good okay we're going for this
thanks so much
Cheers
