good morning guys good morning good
morning how you do it it is a lovely day
today the sky Oh what
this morning it was actually a lovely
day I know I say that I look outside is
a blooming gray sky but anyways it was a
lovely day I'm it's still a lovely day
since we're inside outside it may not be
so lovely but it is inside or mouse
battery at low so we quickly replace
what kind of battery to even put in
there if it's triple A's I've got it
I've got some save it
hey what you think it is then we need to
go into the maxi drawer
we've just had one meeting that we
finished up it's time is trying to 12
minutes past 12:00 we've got a crazy
busy day today it's currently 20 minutes
to 1 a 2 o'clock I've got a meeting in
town until 5 or actually 3 meters about
meeting from 2:00 to 3:00 another
meeting 3 to 4 and another meeting
fortifies I've already netted it and
uploaded the daily book scheduled we're
currently about to film selfie seems to
what's in the worker know again what get
me I keep on forgetting what I was
saying right we're gonna come since I
see it a bit I've got this little sleep
you want to helping me edged in the Sims
as fast as I possibly can I'm meant to
be at my meeting at 2 o'clock I've got 3
minutes to get to town but I'd rather be
late for my meeting then have Sims late
for you guys also may or may not have
lured Justin just a little bit of sushi
you know
I'm literally walking through town
meeting you guys
whilst editing is Alfie Sims this is
like the ultimate the video of 96% done
and even better news the lift is
actually working oh there we go
I'm currently two meetings down I've got
one meeting left and then we can head
off in between meetings let's just nerf
gunning I built a tower there oh ah
nothing in there very quickly once the
toilet perform an XP
I've just finished up the third meeting
guys just write down all of the costings
that we've spent on the van when we were
doing up I haven't yet split into who
spent what I've just wrote down
everything that we spent into one into
three licks yeah and then the three
totals so I'm about to add them up now
if they come to less than two and a half
then we're all good eight to six 207
1884 has 88 that cannot be right one
dozen Asian exporters 88 I don't believe
that I've definitely added everything
unless I miss something of the list but
I don't think I have to literally went
to the bank and got bank statements to
prove evidence that I bought we were not
600,000 under budget I have no idea all
I can say is that the van is now sold
it's past 4:00 p.m. and the official
amount that the van sold for remember
guys all of the money 100% went to the
National Autistic Society
we sold the van for three thousand two
hundred and nine pound 80 that's like
over I thought it's going to go to like
1500 that's like well over that's double
than what I thought it was going to
actually sell for
you
so he's currently tucked up in bed with
a migraine so I've got a soothing strip
and some cold water come on
hello hello it's time for cooking
without these today we're cooking some
salmon although we have got a little bit
of a challenge because we don't have
anything boil unusually I wrap it all up
in tin foil with soy sauce
so don't you know to do
maybe I'll just cook it with another soy
sauce and then just put the soy sauce
from a stack brilliant genius so there's
not really any cooking I'm just going to
put this in the oven for 20 minutes up
that's my cooking segment got the plan
for tonight while Chloe has got a
migraine she's just chilling hanging out
in bed she's got like a frizzy I
stripped thing on our forehead as well
and drinking lots of water trying to get
this migraine to go
as you saw I just spaced on my friend
Holly and I'm off to one of my favourite
kind of places an indoor trampoline park
so we haven't been to one in ages I
think it's only been like two or three
weeks but for my gymnastics background
when I was younger doing competitive
gymnastics last six years doing flips
and trampoline it and stuff like that is
just that feel intimate I love that like
I need I need a dose of that every
monster-sized you boys need some food if
you nearly run out here you go there you
go boys they're so shy always just
running away from me
whenever important the drink I always
try me see I don't know why I do that we
have this like water filtering kind of
thing here you put water in it and it
filters and cleans the water up you and
instead of just going like this
my always trying to like this and see
how far I can like stretch it I don't
know what I don't know why I do it but I
want to see how far if I can go out
there it's going to be hard because the
glass is going to fill up quickly oh no
no no I wouldn't stand there for you
know that you're going to get wet if you
stand there aah the concept doll is
literally just standing here we're going
to see how far he like this without
spilling it so I was going some good we
had one little issue which was it the
glass build up so much quicker than what
I thought it actually would I thought it
was going to take like 10 or 20 seconds
I don't know a miscalculated air we're
going to try again are you ready
well I want to try and do it like that
like diagonal that's I'm lucky I can't
stop doing it down or what I find it but
then the hell no matter fact that there
is no dirt I'm lucky bloom Annette that
was even more of a fail than the first
time the person you're calling is what I
get off the phone hello are you coming
yeah I think you are yeah a book there
right we just go to the trampoline part
now Polly is really optional area
I don't think okay and it probably
happened to one of these alright we're
going to teach only how can you do a
seat drop to jump in here sounds on your
bum and then back up there like Shawn
yeah and then back yeah yeah yeah yeah
you have to run round here and you have
to put your feet on that one come on
Bobby jump on this one to that one area
yeah we're going to play basketball
what is going on here I'm incredibly
sweaty Sean and I are going to try and
do backflips at the same time for the
thumbnail of the video
who trampolining is over it's time to go
how would that listen Sean pop I'm
impressed by your seat drops off they
were really good and have to be super
quiet because sorry Inara probably fast
asleep upstairs I need a drink so bad
did another drink at all tonight I
uploaded a daily vlog and a news after
Sims video so there are so many new
comments for me to catch up on I'm Reid
this is my current state it's 20 minutes
to 1:00 in the morning I've just read a
ton of your comments watched a ton of
YouTube videos and edited all of this
blog do what you might now except from
this very last clip so that I don't have
to edit it tomorrow and it's already and
done I've even already made the
thumbnail icon I'm on it tonight it's
time to go online and find the shadow of
today today's vlog shoutout having my
notifications turned on she's got all
three of my youtube channel
notifications on and my Twitter
notifications so this is so well
deserved it gets to Kaitlyn Crocky
my name is Kaitlyn days on Twitter let's
switch it up today in tomorrow's vlog
I'm going to shout out one of you guys
who has my YouTube notifications turned
on all you have to do is go down below
subscribe and press the little Bell
button turn my notifications on and once
you've done that leave a comment down
below saying that you've done it and I'm
going to go through the comments in this
blog to pick the shut up tomorrow I'm
gonna go straight a bed ohh oh my god
did you do that my bloomin Preysler
I'm gonna have like a bloomin mark on
that my head in the shape of death I
meant it like that and smush my anyways
that shows how tired I am
if you've enjoyed the vlog if you
enjoyed the trampoline
and if you've enjoyed all the videos
recently gives really a bigger thumbs
out let me know let's see if we can get
30,000 thumbs up in this product that if
you challenged 30,000
I fully believe you can do it you guys
have been killing the vlogs recently I
also uploaded tonight for me yesterday
fee you uploaded a new Sims video so
I'll leave a link down below so you guys
can check that out so luckily we'll know
in the vlog so like it's from the state
yeah I'm so chill damn like laying down
hope you guys all having a lovely week
whatever you doing whatever you're up to
let me know what you up do let me know
if there's anything in particular that
you guys would love to see me doing
these videos I've got some cool stuff
planned some fun things planned coming
up and yes I'll catch you in the morning
good night guys
okay
