ah thank you
who is this pharmacist from you my
favorite good morning guys good morning
good morning how you doin
it's currently 2 O 3 in the afternoon
I've just got my lunch here
a massive double chicken double pasta
double Bock literally I've doubled the
password doubled the chicken and double
the broccoli
it is also Valentine's Day so Zoe and I
just spent the morning
Jillian relaxing hanging out worse than
we've been doing today look as though
each t-shirt was like a dress it's so
cool the flowers that I got Zoe in
yesterday's video that I got delivered
here because I didn't want to bring them
home yesterday arrived this morning what
do you think of them yeah let me show
you guys just washed out each n normally
the shop sells half a dozen but I got a
dozen so 12 roses with loads of cool
other stuff as well now the only thing I
haven't done yet and I do feel bad I'm
going to do it today
I haven't actually written so he's
Valentine's card yet I bought her card
have got you alive I just had some
written in it yeah I feel kind of bad I
feel like we should have got neither a
Valentine's card from another dog we
should have got Stephen Liang's dog
Liana College so we should have given
them one and they given us one looking
at me you should have sent a Valentine's
card to Doug the pug shouldn't you dr.
Berg is literally like she knows Doug
ducky boy I need to eat my food
otherwise it's going to get cold I've
also just edited yesterday's blog we're
yet to shoot the bass scene that was at
the end of it we haven't seen yet this
video yet we're about to shoot it in a
minute about 500 bottles yesterday yeah
look at all what is that sound like
you're doing a film
these are film these are RC film at the
worst request the last part of the vlog
I haven't got in the bath yet with 500
bath bombs I'm going to keep my lunch
and I'll see you in a second go away
what for you done getting jelly why
miRNA reason okay just finish filming
the barb on bit of yesterday's vlog I'm
gonna have to go get in the shower
because that's because I feel slimy and
heck it felt really really good but it
was really it was actually really cool
but I feel like I might have a bit too
much like products on me I need to wash
it off so I guess your taste is wrong
a little bit later on in the evening and
we may or may not some caught the bag
here full of goodies my vlogs just gone
up knowledge just had a dinner though is
currently edited a new main Channel
video and here we have sticks bag let me
move you guys there just because the
Lighting's better over here although a
look like an absolute egghead this is
definitely talking paler what is this
many eggs all a little mini eggs in
fudge definitely lemon rind oh my gosh
so lemony so a rocky road
this one is cookies and cream you can
tell look look at that that's a drop of
an honoree that your heart I think
that's for Navi so instead of going out
tonight
Zoe and I just have a really chilled one
in we've been editing and filming load
of videos today the day that you're
watching this as you're watching this
there was a new Simba's video that has
just gone live and is a besom so i'll
leave a link down below if you guys go
check it out after this video and what
else what else have I got to say then
tune up and sport there has been crazy a
crazy amount of views on my new vlog
fourteen thousand two hundred likes in
less than two hours and 1800 comments
I've just been sitting reading the
comments and comments and comments
tonight I think we're going to war we've
just ordered what's currently balanced
and we've got a pizza underneath here
for our dinner and we're going to watch
Paper Towns we've never seen it before I
don't know how we haven't seen it of
course we've seen The Fault in Our Stars
and I absolutely loved it but I haven't
read and I haven't seen big campus so
I'm really excited I think I might
quickly technology is looking at me if I
say if I say the W she already knows I
cuz if I say the W word she's going to
know but she's gonna look at them
already do you know what I'm about to
say if you want to go out on a on a walk
shoot out in a little walk whilst
mommy's edited
maybe's just started we've got all of
these snacks Zoe what mean my favorite
chocolates earlier for Valentine's and
we've called the fudge
I love the not me love you a lot I'm sat
here with a bag of peas on my chin yeah
he was fat since anti-soviet Arjun I
haven't hurt my chin I've got the
biggest spot I've ever had in my life
but it's not like a spot that you can
pop it underneath it's like you know
disaster lock and foil it all boil mix
it sound rank it's not boil it's just
like a bump you know and it's like under
the skin but it never comes out right
wing - what's it has just started I
stopped speaking and kind of what since
you're so cute we put you to bed she put
you to bed
Oh up that belly and like you have to
pick you up like a little baby
Kim and then just a yet to the toilet
time to go to bed that film is actually
really really good well then our website
was actually a little expectant into
occupation it was really good that you
should go check it out it's time to end
the vlog and give one of you guys a
shout out in fact actually let's do two
of you guys because yesterday I forgot
to shout out somebody about my
notifications on and admit to that every
single day so the first shout-out goes
to Rosie and her Twitter name is Alfie
deyes PB underscore and the second is
Charlotte yoga heart and definitely
pronouncing that wrong supposedly
therefore my notifications turned on so
thank you so much for the love and all
the support
if you've enjoyed the dog give it a big
ol thumbs up I'll catch you in the
morning okay
