100 good morning guys good morning it is
Monday 10 minutes past 9:00 and I've got
a meeting at 10 o'clock today let's see
what this weather is like let's have a
look everyone has been commented in the
blogs and that I've just renovated an
entire van yet my garden fence is still
broken so I do need to try to pick that
soon but the weather the weather looks
bloomin amazing I'm going to drop a
button the shower and get ready for
today it's Monday let's make it a good
one
let's make it productive let's just get
good let's go I've just got to town now
and I'm heading straight to the office
the sky is like completely blue I've
even got sunglasses on
obviously I have you can see them
because when I was driving it was so
sunny I couldn't see I'm a councillor
and nothing's for it even open
the weather is really really deceiving
because it's so bright lovely it is
absolutely freezing
just cover self to juices and a little
like nutty bar kind of healthy thing
today I've roughly got meetings from 10
o'clock until 12 o'clock and then after
12 o'clock I'm free until 2 o'clock and
then at 2 o'clock I'm filming until
about 4 o'clock oh okay
the list seems like it's working if he's
been closing properly someone was
because I've only had this opportunity
to bloom in years
finally the next much fixed right let's
see if opens shut oh my gosh it's
working alar all done all done all done
all down
oh gosh guys that's got true what I've
got here see this blue thing that there
is glue goes for the band
I completely forgot look at me
I completely forgot that it was like
halftime or like a two-week summer
holiday Easter break no not Easter I
don't know it's some kind of two weeks
off of school and college at the moment
and it is so busy there are so many of
you guys walking around town it's
literally like a meet-up so if I put my
hood up my hat on otherwise I can't walk
around it's going to get too busy I just
hit myself up some sushi from it see
I've basically got about 15 minutes
maybe 20 minutes to get Zoey some
contouring stuff I did manage to get
everything done that I needed but I just
didn't manage to vlog it because as soon
as every time I got my camera out so
many people would come over and stop
because they knew that it was me from
blogging however I did manage to get as
I told you some sushi most importantly I
did manage to get though each card that
that's the back it's not just playing
Zoey's Valentine's card and I've ordered
a massive bunch literally
big or flowers to be delivered to our
house tomorrow like Nick you'll see on
that Instagram or something they're
crazy I've got six minutes to go meet
the other boys at the beach to go and
shoot this crazy video of the van
however I haven't even had breakfast yet
and it's half past two hi this is Sean
O'Connor are you going to today why is
no one answering their phone I saw this
is one that you meet in them hey there's
the bad I don't if you can see it's just
putting up behind the weather today is
glorious I usually I wouldn't use that
word that's a big word for me what are
you saying about that weather bow I know
look at that weather how you doing it
turns out I was in the right place guys
which is shooting first scene of the
little video making David looks like
your win over there man
you know dodgy Dave's on the eBay at the
moment sword out on the bid you ready
for the shop or let me see the logos
I've seen them yet sick yeah let's go
wait David just realised where we are
all right come here a sec going to be
there forever how much we're over-budget
and what was the fourth ever get in that
would get in there
check this out Zac's just got out of the
mini and he's now getting the drone out
to follow the van you know look at this
like the Vans go in the minis go in and
the drones go in as well
oh my gosh
we're in location number three we've
come up to the Dyke we've got the van
here and everything which ones getting
the first shot milking man here get into
bed you
apparently shows already in the bed and
I'm just sitting on your laptop here and
the challenges mean ecology film and
taking the cover away if I spin they'll
be enough room literally would that is
that is the video done
baby hey how you doing
nice and warm I've just got home guys
from the video shoot it's super super
good I've come home to two packages that
I've ordered that are here try lift this
one up and then you have to guess what
it is honey he doesn't have heavy really
high it's 5 kilograms I thought that'd
be quite heavy for you I think I know
what it is I would acquire little stuff
the other day have you before I have
again I'm kind of DIY what do you use a
lot I always get wrong haha
so what did I would it myself negative
no 500 bath bombs I'm going to put them
all in one bath I want to see I want to
see what happen if I use 500 bath bombs
at once oh yeah there for another video
Oh what is it I don't know if I want to
leak all my video stuff in this vlog oh
wait I know what that is don't lurk you
know that's look did you see yes you did
that's for another that's for another
video I can't show you that that one's a
surprise for you
I'm carrying this box upstairs I'm going
to put it in the bathroom and tonight
later on after dinner I'm going to have
a bath with 500 last ones your
one two hundred three hundred four
hundred five hundred today has been a
bloomin weird one and because I didn't
vlog yesterday it's been even more
strange because like now I've got no new
comments to read I've got known it I've
got no new blog to be checking up on and
seeing if everyone's enjoying it I'll
just give you a little roundup of what I
did yesterday just so that you're not
missing out on my life yesterday myself
Zoey in fact Joe was here yesterday as
well as only in Joe's mom Tracy will
just hung out until lunchtime and just
chilled and have breakfast together and
then at lunch time Joe went home and
it's three o'clock lunch time meet me so
II and Tracy went over to my mum and
dad's house poppy and Sean were there
and we all had a massive Sunday roast it
was a bloomin massive it was like salmon
chicken all the vegetables ever potatoes
grade like everything and then we played
a ton of different games like a board
games evening it was super nice it's
really really chilled I've bet a fairly
even eaten today I've had two different
little bits of sushi and a nutbar and
it's one minute to 6:00 in the evening
if you're also wondering why the heck
I've actually bought 500 bath bombs it's
because I've run myself so many baths
recently and I think I'm putting in one
of Zoe's bath bombs and then Zoe comes
look to the baths and she's like you're
an idiot
that was a bath melt well you guys watch
the video like that was about things
that was bubble bath that wouldn't and
somehow every time I pick out one of
there isn't actually a bath bomb so I
went online and I've bought myself 500
fast bombs to have the ultimate bath
just once I'm going to put them all in
one go and actually have a bath bomb bar
and I'm excited I don't know what colour
the water is going to go it could go
like a really gross Brown you know when
you're young when you that mix paints
together to make different colours and
then you mix them all together and then
it just goes like a really muddy brown
the bath could look like that because
about five different colors anyways I'm
thirsty I need some water
oh I got the yarn out if you tickle
narlow under the chin you can make it
yawn
not every time though only when she's
sleepy may or may not have just found a
slice of cheesecake don't don't
oh my gosh oh my god so ni chilling in
the front room watching the SAS program
that we are obsessed with it's on every
Sunday what's the action called and with
special forces ultimate hell week if you
haven't checked out you need to go and
watch it and so good basically normal
everyday people but they are super super
fit people that healthy wise like really
really strong and stuff so they do have
normal jobs our dentist and a teacher
and things like that and they've gone
flight SAS training which is a Special
Forces like really intense training
shoes up to bed sneak up to bed the time
time is currently seven minutes Archie
it's quite late seven minutes to ten I
really really wanted to have a bath
today but if I want to do it really well
and I want to do it properly and I want
it to be a lot of fun and I want it to
be funny I feel that we need more than
one person there experiencing it
happening
let me just mute the TV was to speak to
you so what I'm proposing is that we do
it tomorrow
buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh but but
I still do it in this video but I just
shoot it tomorrow so he can help me film
it and so is there to react to what's
happening as well as me I think it would
just be more fun having more than one
person just myself being there when also
I won't even be able to put in follows I
will even carry and put in 500 bath
bombs into the bath whilst filming it at
the same time so I feel like I need
another pair of hands to help chucking
in with the bath bombs and stuff so
that's what I'm going to do I'm going to
leave the vlog here tomorrow on on
Valentine's Day tomorrow on Valentine's
Day I'm going to have a bath with five
hundred bath bombs and insert it into
this video now it's the next day and
it's time for the VAR has always got a
Valentine shirt on
we're just taking out all the bath bombs
I feel like we need to put the
say oh I just feel the bubble size and
above all my boyfriend's videos
oh wait clap we need to actually run the
ball size I've also got some swim shorts
on because I want to be able to properly
film in the bath but I don't when you
seeing me naked that wouldn't be good
look how big that is perfect oh my gosh
I need you put them on your head
ah that's 200 I'm actually gonna have a
really nice pot you know you know you're
right you know the only reason I'm doing
this is because every time I try and
have a bath of lush bath long I never
ever actually get a bark bomb always
accidentally for something else in
Snowmass live Christmas one i define
grapefruit in mandarin oh no
all of my yard he did are they going to
fit yeah don't you worry
oh so got out my nose oh yes fine
they'll get you know I'm actually just
going to enjoy the ball like afterwards
oh this is weird even just having a ball
I need you know 3 K 1 1 but what if it
goes everywhere but district hysteresis
because they say it could just no shock
this for like half an hour see ready are
you ready how am i college guy one oh my
god I know what you're going my mouth
it's like a spa look it up it why are
you going riffle oh my god you take that
oh oh weather is going black look at the
mole yet making it now what we think was
the conclusion that was ice fun though
I think I'll sit you never smoked you
that look is making yes you don't you
overlay over there
Oh skin did it it feels good oh no this
time we should look we should do a
nutbar ponds actual big busy barf on
even if you have a 50 of them not that
crazy because I think I have big diesel
when I wanted them adjusted fungible on
so that I get by
yo this is not weird I'm going to chill
it here from it guys thank you for
watching the video you've enjoyed it
give it a big old thumbs up subscribe
has been already now below and I'll see
you tomorrow on my Mother's Day see you
later
okay
