morning guys good morning good morning
it is the last day Tuesday number five
you haven't seen yesterday's video you
have to go and check it out because this
video is not going to make sense we've
got the wagon here we're back at the
recycle wood place we got Shawny boy
we've got Davey Boy
also known as egg boy and today we're
just going to go and get some finishing
touches and stuff we've got quite a lot
of little things to do not so much
building left to do but more of like
making good we've got for the mattress
in we've got sorts of solar we've got to
get some plants get all the bedding
maybe get a little rug just got myself a
hot chocolate I had one sip
hailer I've had one sip so far and just
burnt all my taste buds off my tongue
from the first sip like you know it's
just instant regret as soon as it
touches your mouth you like yep should
have done that okay serving as you've
just seen the Rick came and had a look
at the van and he was genuinely
impressed What did he say
Isis something like is this good for
three idiot and he said no your three
professional idiot amateur idiot
we now title just three professional
idiots
I'm pleased of that I know we've
graduated it's got a little session oh
yeah so I feel good
Casper mattress company has sent us a
mattress to put in the van which is
lovely of them so this does not come out
of any of the budget this arrives at the
house we're going to pop it in there put
a sheet on it and stuff bloomin heavy
and we need to get out the box we need
to put these little things that we just
put on the wall and stuff we need to go
to my house and get the lights I went on
Amazon late in the evening with these
two I don't think I've logged yet a
couple of days ago and we ordered on
Amazon Prime some lights for the ceiling
they're just like LED little battery one
so they've arrived at the house today is
more like a aesthetically pleasing way
Vic were yeah we just want to make it
look pretty aesthetically pleasing
so on an idea in terms of little
finishes like their little hooky system
here to eat the door we put that in just
put this little shelf up to the laptop
who would you put a little locking
system onto the shelf I'm currently
working on the dartboard trying to make
it so we can hang up on the back door
over there without it just falling off
and
it's got to be straight as well it's got
to do that 20 right at the top just put
this in here oh shut up for them yes bro
boy it's a bit wobbly but I think it's
the best we're going to get then you can
take it on and off Congrats
shut up Zacks just turned up to help us
out and he's doing more work than me
this is digitalis in the mouth shut up
this is not housing the whole time I've
actually been working with this just
snuck off to B&Q exact and where I'm
trying to get some duvet and some
pillows and some sheets and stuff to
make make the bed area all nice but we
don't know which is which is the right
one that's a double 13.5 tog that is
thick 73 pounds more budget gone was
definitely over budget look at this
mattress yeah as soon as we open that
we're never getting back in and we're
going to pick it up right it says I
can't pick it up you're strong enough
mate boy gone Dave get that just put the
bed in we haven't got any pillows for it
yet but oh my gosh it's looking sick
that looks proper like air B&B able
oh my gosh look at the little flap down
laptop oh let me get my luck yeah wait
and that is a good height that is a good
life those guys are going in the van
we're jumping in the car and then we're
gonna head up to the dike we're going to
film some nice footage
this is your daily vlogging camera well
we're trying to shoot a beautiful video
the only independent down just the
lighting
other than that back is what everything
hooked up you saw the size of that rig
Shaun's jumping in for the shot
shoes off play instead we've got the
laptop I don't even know what want to
film a little shots like that this is
going to be the one that gets the shot
this rig I get that shot look at that oh
my today has been all over the place the
van is looking amazing it's not fully
finished there are a couple of things
that we did want to do that we just
haven't had time to do and one of the
main things is and I didn't want to tell
you guys this I didn't want to leak it
one of you guys who submitted a logo to
us drew it hand on paper I send that to
a designer friend of mine they've made
that exact design in Photoshop that all
that professional illustrator whatever
it is and we've had it professionally
printed three times massive to be stuck
on the side the front and the other side
or the back or something of the van
literally like a proverb builders bow
with a massive logos on the side and one
of you guys you don't even know who it
is we haven't even told you designed the
actual design we've had a company do it
but we didn't manage to pick up the
logos today to put on the site you're
going to have to do that tomorrow so I
know it was a five day project but we're
gonna have to sit the stickers on the
side tomorrow or another time Zach's
going to come back actual good lighting
videos of the back someone's going to
shoot in a shot out the back of them if
you can see that he's sitting outside
organization some shots following the
van now right now and then I need to go
get some bloomin food
Gilligan whoa yeah right
use it this is it it does a 5 mm yeah we
are in our little home and it will
travel home immensely Mike are you sure
I sleep in it tonight you go do what you
know is it with you why not have a new
one that you have a nominee oh yeah I
think it's low time I should sleep in
there it's not even that cold once
you're under the G base no no no yes
13.5 top do you baby boy in here this is
like Nick big-time man but how did it go
what do we think about budget should we
do not budget we have to say that yeah
well how many know just out of that one
Denise is considered no right let's all
focus there is a slight issue with the
budget and payments but in the respect
that I was keeping all of the receipts
make your own budget so don't say look
I'm the only one who knows I know I'm 12
pounds over budget right
I was keeping all of the receipts um on
my kitchen table at home and between
Zoey and I we don't know who it was
maybe Dave maybe sure they got thrown
away so the only way that I can work out
the budget is by going to my bank and
printing out shut up sorry I'm printing
out a weak statement and then working
out because I paid for everything on my
card I'm gonna do that still yeah I just
don't have the answer today we can
really sickly yeah you're a little bit
over yeah you're like pulling 150 quid
under yeah and I'm over as well I know
the most of course okay have a little
thing for a second in your mind what you
think we spent overall and then see if
we're right as I see if we agree because
i i've got i've got an estimation on my
head as well it surely it just averaged
out if you ever say that you stand by
that 20 quid
yeah i understand by yeah RI and 50 i
think we were less than a hundred quid
over budget either would probably like
avocado 2.6 yeah yeah exactly and that
not bad because I think the thing that
caught me out because I was in charge of
materials is obviously at the woods and
all of that that's cheap like this is
all easy yes you'll give the little nice
shelves everything that's easy the thing
that caught me out was that lunches in
Suva and dinners like that's very like
dinner for three people that's like 40
60 click go you don't think about it
normally and that's five days dinners
five days of lunches and sometimes we
have breakfast as well and a point and
playing a beard line so light your hair
I think we probably did 200 quid on food
maybe yes and that's out of my budget so
I've only got 800 left yeah so I'm not
saying the budget was off I'm just
saying I didn't calculate you know food
into the original but if we don't
increase the hundreds that we did in
budget Highland Center just be wait wait
until you get your statement back in
then you'll be oh yeah so I can work a
little out and just lean on the bank and
get it all printed do you think we did
better or worse than we thought with
this we did up and above we amazingly I
think not to blame and tram back and
that but look at it mmm if I pay for
like a van online yeah I would be very
happy if someone did it up like this you
know I mean like this is a I feel very
very good like those images we looked at
on Pinterest yes this actually looks
like some of those what like those that
homely feel we like oh my gosh is kind
of link we send to each other but once
you take the nice photos and everything
a little - they're taken perfectly so I
feel we've done really yeah really good
I'm really surprised little bit hot you
know guys yeah but I've got more respect
you know for people who are doing this
carpentry woodworm building and stuff
like I'm the only one who really got
annoyed this whole project like
yesterday I got annoyed with something
got done in a single by attacked us
today that's a really clear that be
flipping them silo did my nothing today
so that was annoying but that's the only
thing that we haven't managed to
accomplish mmm so that we got it on the
on the roof yeah and then we didn't get
any of the wiring done so we've taken it
back off the room so whoever buys it
from the earaches we're about to put
this man on eBay
and whoever buys it you've got full kit
of solar setup to run right your laptop
your phones and then
whatever needs to be installed neatly
what and it seemed simple diagram to do
it we do haven't had time if it is a
sixty project yeah it's a day if it was
a day basically and we try to do it in
like an hour
yeah which is was not a right the right
idea but that's fine it's all in here
everything we thought would be in here
is in we've got floorboard yellow
slow inlet like wall chopped down a real
tree exactly in a little good pretty
much on budget I can't believe we
flipped it I humbly would sleep bit like
that we're actually roughly on budget
roughly on time did we fluke it or is it
just one of those things like the whole
point of us doing this you show
ourselves and show you guys watching
that if you want something in life and
you're not as skilled as you think you
have to be for that job or for that role
or whatever it is doesn't mean you can't
achieve it you can still just put your
foot down and go for it amazing work
like it maybe it's just we never thought
we were able to do it and this just
shows that we can yeah and also I can't
tell you how lucky I feel to be in the
team of you guys where you're happy to
change your ideas but you've got ideas
but you're willing to change them and
when I run out of steam two or three
times you've both been like come on or
like today when I ran out of thing you
were helping me like get over it and you
were out doing something else and so
when you came out with all the bedding
and I was like oh yeah I got the energy
back involved on my own I would be dying
horrible death that's all with other
people is the team is very important
here instead of easily been with people
that were like this is how you do it end
on
yeah like know that nothing that you're
not like this could've just killed it
yeah so whatever your dream is like
probably you don't need as much skill or
experience as you think you do you just
have to be able to start but you do need
to be around people that are going to go
on that journey with you because that
made neurology and every now and again
if you're feeling a bit down in the done
absolutely what's that quote there's a
quote that something about like not
trying kills more dreams than failing
and then like if you just gave it a go
you're more likely to succeed then you
are fail but just not attempting and
then between us you know I mean this is
a quote there's that kind of sense
absolutely this is the other secret
weapon only tiny little
music box just having tunes going just
changes the energy
big-time doesn't it when it ran out
battery we're obviously like listening
to music and then you kind of not you're
not really realizing that the museum
thought and then you're me done I live
we all gone quiet Paris because the
music's off let's put it back on man it
does lift it yeah like yes let's go for
again anything we haven't done which we
do need to do before we eBay it and what
before it gets given to personally with
eBay then we need to open some beers on
this yeah have an idea on that yeah no
to reduce you to hit the shop on my hand
I'm playing it we're taking over got it
even got a dartboard yeah
and we're going to throw that speaker in
as well yeah all the little furnishings
and we'll all scribble or at least you
will all of us well if I can get beside
and get back here but yeah look scribble
something on here yeah yeah yeah that's
a chalkboard we haven't got any talk
because in the fight this is a 16
projects I hate with him then it
stickers on the outside like the massive
loaders that we've had shall I show them
the logo yeah I think I think we have no
economic side about it the logo was
designed by was it a 16 year old girl
seven senior girl from Leeds and I can
you 17 your girl from Leeds and it's all
doing our name is Bella they're gonna
blow you zine actually cut logos and we
chose one of them it looks like this how
banner it looks like this
heyy I plus another Martin the design
man and he's changed it into this hey
into that that looks good Italy and that
has been printed like massive three
tires it's just in the shop whether to
the printing we haven't run into a gun
picked up today within our time so
that's going to be stuck on the band as
well
Sibella you're low good that you
literally drew pencil on paper he's
going on the side of the van and you
ain't let me sum up Angie if you want to
go check out Bella's stuff guys I don't
even know if she does illustration or
anything but which is Bella ex wag so
just to be clear the next steps are that
we are going to list this this evening
on ebay I'll leave a link down below
right now yet for charity
so we're going to find a charity that
does stuff with children who have
different learning needs and we are
going to 100% of the money from the lily
they don't even take a cut like a
hundred percent of the money go straight
to that charity and that's it
so you you can track it you can bid and
go on literally for one pound
you could win it it's nearing yeah and
Giri one other little bit above that you
would win it full pound unreal so and I
will personally I'll bid you on oh yeah
so even if you guys can't afford it or
this isn't for you track the listing
because I think we'll do a week long
list thing yeah from today which will be
like six days after the blog goes
basically so you can cannot wait ladies
great anyone you know to chip in guys
all the money goes to charity it could
sell for a pound it could sell for a
couple of thousand more no ideally five
grand
because I know think to the right person
who's been trying to go anaerobic house
you can go around Europe you could live
in it if you were like hard-up if you
didn't have any anywhere to live you
could like go yet could fulfill a dream
and you might if somebody's got three or
four grand they might be like are that's
exactly what I need because this is
pretty much exactly ready to go next
week to note about if you can get some
kind of heat in here like you can put
like a little log burn or something
which you could do you straight up to
live in this you guys absolutely so I
don't know are we going to make a bet
about what we think it will go for or
shall we no island no no it's not a good
lie to track there's no point back in
it's just whatever whoever bits the most
yeah that's better charity yeah we want
to get as much as possible because it's
all going to charity yeah so if you guys
send this link to anyone don't tell them
how much we spent on the budget and
everything because we just want it to go
for as much as possible for the charity
well I wanna see how far I can go is
that yeah we done there's at the end of
our five April I'm going to be like sad
to give this up yeah i on i am a
hundreds have been serious gonna sleep
in this for a night yeah we have to miss
you boys as well like this profession
are we going or hot to get no yeah good
that's good that's good yeah no make
that happen
and cutting the tree next week levi big
boy yeah
now but less good to work in a team
again well right well if you've enjoyed
the project let us know do the video
thumbs up and stuff guys and go check it
out on eBay down below and then I'm just
going to carry on the DS gold I'm just
going to go home yeah I know we are we
on this is we dominating the video yeah
but I'm not because it's 6 p.m. right we
better get back on with our live in Zoe
and Tracy a comment to see the van or
spit might be hang on
it is a little bit muddy go in go in and
sit on the bed all you have to give it a
lot more yeah I'm good yeah how comfy
comfy though he's working away the road
no it gives the roads wonky that were
parked on 13.5 tog Dube with a little
laptops and so you can watch your your
Netflix yeah is it as good as what you
thought yeah see you later guys Jeeva
oh gosh see you tomorrow
look at this dinner that Tracy's made
this is exactly what I need after being
in the woods for like five days why do I
do it to myself what am i doing is
currently 121 in the morning everyone
else went to bed at like 11 o'clock or
half past 11 and I'm just sitting here
planning YouTube videos editing YouTube
videos watching YouTube videos chilling
one little sleepy puppy but I should be
in bed I've got a busy day with a family
tomorrow and I'm gonna wake up half past
one I'm so excited to get this man up on
the eBay like I'm not gonna lie it would
be super cool to keep myself and do some
really fun road trips and it was Zoe and
neither and friends and family and stuff
because I'm so excited to see how much
money it goes for to charity because
we're literally going to put it on for
one pound but the van could sell it if
nobody else wanted it for one pound so
that's it could happen it literally
could happen by the time you're watching
this it will be up right now I can link
it down below we haven't put it alive
yet obviously this this video goes up
the day after I film for me I really
really hope that the person who buys it
is buying it because they've always
wanted to be able to go on an adventure
to him to go and travel to be able to
have the holidays and the trips of a
lifetime but they've never been able to
do because they haven't got the right
equipment and buying this van would
allow them to just go and make their
dreams come true that's that's really
really what I hope I bumped into my old
form teacher earlier at the wood
recycling place and he was also a
geography teacher and I told him about
the man and he said in his early 20s he
bought a van converted it and just
traveled and that's all he did and that
is exactly the kind of person I would
love to buy the spam somebody that can
just buy it make it their own
and just go and make their dreams come
true I'm going to end the vlog guys I
need to go to bed it's 125 in the
morning if you've enjoyed the vlog give
it a big old thumbs up if you've enjoyed
the bank inversion project guys give the
video a big thumbs up I know it's a
little bit different to my usual kind of
vlogs were there more thing about my
family my friend Zoe and Nala and just
messing about doing fun stuff is a bit
more hands-on and building and a little
bit more intense but I know it wasn't
for everyone but if you've enjoyed it
let me know down below it's been a
really cool fun project and it's been
really excited it's just been something
so difference on the up never done
before we're back to normal folks
tomorrow no more one of five two oh five
three even five four or five five or
five let me know if there's anything
particularly want me to down below in
the comments
and yeah I'll catch in the morning okay
