good morning guys good morning welcome
to day three of the van conversion I'm
not very ready I'm kind of still in bed
come on my these two are waiting for me
here we're an hour like yours already
been down to the beach take some
instagrams you're not used to the daily
grind I'm vlogging every day I'm
vlogging every day I vlog it every day
you guys aren't used to that I get in
the shower if you're confused about
anything I'm talking about you go back
to blogs and watch the first one
normally my blogs you can watch
whichever one at anytime you want with
these blogs that will really really help
if you watch one of five two or five
this is three or five and never really
drink tea but when I do I remember just
how much I love that it's a bit more of
a gray day than then we've had the last
couple of days this is the kind of thing
we're looking at this is what we're
talking about so if I blog anymore I'm
going to get killed by the other two I
need to get a shower or dress ready I've
just put on a kind of hive is looking
janta that was the aims do I make it
look bill during Sean's here
poppies in there though is just putting
away a food shop we've just been
delivered all the good stuff the excited
for the van you're gonna sleep in it why
not I don't get it I know he's not gonna
be happy mostly like at night oh yeah
it's like a travel adventure van I think
once you see it you're going to in there
the driveway then just leave it open you
might as well keep a home but let so I
feel like the Isle of Wight for a day or
one night and koalas all see yeah we can
you guys can see politely but under the
bed one
you're like onesie sleeping bag yeah
oh I think it'd be good is our house so
busy is it so busy
watch our yawn she's not gonna come on
come on come on give word ah she beat me
oh she's not doing that should we tell
them what's happening tonight the guys
tonight
as you know myself Joe and Marcus on the
TV show release the hounds I'm still not
too sure the exact date that it's on I
can't I'll tell you as soon as I
possibly know I'm going to tweet out in
showing videos I want everyone to be
watching it but the people who make the
TV show have sent myself Marcus and Joe
like a link to watch it early like a
secret hidden link so tonight we've got
all of the family coming over we're
going to have tons of amazing food on
the table
and we're all going to watch the episode
it won't have been on TV yet I think
it's I think it's probability of you
like next Thursday or the one after or
something like that but tonight we get
to watch it early and I cannot even tell
you how excited I am to watch it we've
just jumped in the car we're driving
down the road and we've randomly seen
like a mattress that we think there
might be quite good
size-wise I have contacted a company
that I know that I'm friends with to see
if they can deliver me one which we want
to work on at the moment
this could be a bit wet kicking off the
day I'm going to houses for trying to
get a lot of stuff that we can put on
the roof racks of the car so that if we
buy load of wood we can put it on the
top of the car over there that's what we
need yeah while some will really
ratchet strap or maybe just some monkey
hooks we're back in the wood store just
buying some little touches that we're
going to add to it once we finished
making amazing we're also trying to find
something for the length of the cotton
table just to take some of the weight
more in our thinking about maybe a
little stalls so frog was here I like
the idea of my game some of that and
from there like Matt's identity
staggering maybe the same width though
next door to the wood place like Julie
there's a really cool cafe so we just go
go for breakfast and play enrollments
guy if you don't know the voltage guy up
guys go down as the game is so bad that
it's good thanks so much thank you
what was that was that it was what I put
there
you assumed you were going to blow your
find out a minute mate Thank You Ari
because of outside I've just seen on the
wall over here it gone Ariel I'm so
getting David there in case of fire or
someone just oh crap I can't quite do
that
I'm just going to do this everyone's
going to think there's a fire if I do
this I've been getting a bit carried
away with my budget and I don't actually
know where I'm up to I need to counter
for my receipts today what's the damage
200 that you said oh we're almost done
well I think we need he bought
everything as well you better hope it's
because we're getting things like this
like you like take your ball cap off and
we need to somehow put it on top of the
car
we're talking it's so heavy out there
I'm saying sounds great car yeah just
don't stop your brakes on today it's
going good this is only teachers build
in yeah I'm living I'm feeling confident
today it is cold it's like one degree
today apparently it was snowing this
morning Johnson down on the beach right
Corcovado we're at the woods Dave's
voice is some really high pitch for some
reason I don't know how but we safely
managed to get order word everything on
this project it's just working but how
is everything working they've gone off
to the pub to try and charge some of the
tools school now working on finishing
this ceiling the weight on it is back
I'll get ya a cheeky pint of you know
three minutes we had a cheeky Bible in
mind it's time to start some of the clad
in Dave's going to be helping to make
sure that I cut all of these exactly
straight for the cladding of the inside
I'm about to start adding this bit first
pieces burning ready ah
we help them attend it on finish
cladding all of this bit here I've left
one line in the bottom just to the floor
can go in first you know all of the wood
that was on top of the car earlier we've
just been chopping all of that up with
nice straight edges there I want to I
want to try and shoot a time-lapse of
all of this happening it might be quite
hard but I do want to get a good time
that I get a serious look at the bloomin
planet wall down there over here
give me some in the air and then me and
David just put these little bits on here
that we bought earlier we built a side
for the mattress the bed can go in there
how nice is it look in are we insured
dropped two of his fingers separate as
well cut one then cut out are they
missing they're gone
I finally was good thanks take one go
now it's good enough for editing I could
just track them missing we'll just
pretend don't know their garden
yeah David I've just been cleaning the
inside of the doors now we're going to
spray them with a primer this one's good
by mask yeah it's so nice and warm time
I've never used this kind of support and
must right here as well yeah charge just
my face yeah yeah shake it is very
smiling that is a big smiley face is
very happy since my last blog clip we've
had a ton of progress we've just had a
guy called mark come over and he's
dropped over a battery and inverter a
solar charge controller like I don't
even know so much stuff to basically get
this massive solar panel Dave's on the
roof of the van or why why you laughing
at me we did not break into the budget
they literally just what is the company
name plug-in solar plug-in solar it just
dropped it all off a free like they came
to here and I filmed a little clip I got
like a 1 get out but it's not like a 240
a Virginia would have to eat eat into my
budget I don't have to get my nipple
pierced now he's so generous he's coming
he'll we were the heart before and he
just he comes and sort it all out so we
got exactly the same kit in here that I
need in the heart but we're leaving it
on here looking but like potential TV
laptops phone charging my lights like
everything so so so sick over here we're
just sorting out all the floorboards
which somehow we salute Lee bought the
perfect amount maybe these are looking
good I'm about to head off in a minute
so I just want to give you an update of
what we've done today day 3 day 2 of
building that day 3 of the van
conversion we've got two days left and
if you can hear sure and just wing in
the background over there
hey if you're looking at it from outside
we've got the floorboards all done and
in place we've planted the bottom of
that wall we still need to address all
of that wall cladded all of that wall
made the little back of it for
bed over there I'm talking with that
wall there and on the ceiling this is
going back far better than what I
thought it would
oh yeah we are not so you're doing up
his trousers just on a way as well the
big light has run out charged we've now
got to try and pack up all of our stuff
in pitch black listen in a bit look come
to decide when to be leaving
come on hey oh my I don't have a zoom
powerful as I told you guys earlier
tonight is a very very exciting night
with the family we've just popping in
back into the fountain to grab a really
quick pint cheers guys well yeah how has
your day been
yeah well we've been up to oh my gosh
that away we had breakfast at like we
represent or something we haven't eaten
are you hungry
beyond hungry right actually
yeah my gosh you need any help
oh man you guys yes I'm talking about or
even chicken we just went to the popping
up on barrage in two minute you can
always not a beer on people can't you
yeah you think this shirt makes me look
like no I like it I'm wearing my dad
shirt no I like it too these childhood
look like I'm wearing my dad's trousers
sorry did you come say hello did you
come - no come on look at this the
floorboards are done the bed is like
ready for the bed to go in then the
walls like landed Wow
you just not like them at all right
we're fine with reason I just freshened
up with that parody puppies got me a
present
yeah they're you know good right without
your hand for Missy right look what the
bloody Alina Oh guys it's a shame isn't
it guys I have big hands as well
it's Corinne their food is looking
better and better
I still can't like I haven't actually
properly thought about what we're about
to do like we're about to watch the TV
shows that Marcus myself and Joe filmed
thinking back to the film in we did like
a 16 hour video shoot so I don't even
know what a TV show to look like because
this TV shows like one hour out of like
16 hours of filming or something fuzzy
by la may la mate
oh my gosh Allah save has no idea what
he's about to watch it with you like
with a helmet on and go in my purse is
all I know I'm getting shot by people
gun I really owe you 8 and watch I can't
show too much in the blog obviously
because I don't want to leak anything
and as I said boy let you guys know when
it is actually vein why are you ready
yeah
we just finished watching it it was so
so good like is so crazy or like filming
something to light it with impress 16
hours turning it's like 45 minutes show
I wish I could have still mourn our
reactions to more but it would have
given away things that happened in TV
show so I didn't want to feel too much I
just showed you what I could what did
you think guys yeah mom what did you
think yeah Sean what did you think yeah
really really good yeah thanks just you
want to lean on me crowd ah Thank You
nyle nowadays what did you think do they
get I thought the other boys be great ah
yeah
everyone's gone home now except from
Dave and Zoey obviously those children
and now that everyone else has gone back
home I'm just about to edit the vlog and
Dave's watching my newest vlog on well
on the TV watching it on the TV just
finished editing everything else so fun
I need to add this clip in to and say
anything the battery's flashing shout
out today goes to I've got up and my
phone already just for services after
missus Charlotte Compton thank you so
much much more videos thank you have an
education to add on if you enjoyed the
vlog give it a big thumbs up subscribe
if you're not already let's see how many
thumbs up we can get see you tomorrow
guys nappy
we found three two one homes come in run
