I'm Friday hey we're end of a miscreant
you go
it's actually really freezing oh we're
not Jed good morning guys good morning
how you doing today is day two on the
project you've got the van here we've
just been straight to Travis Perkins and
got a ton of stuff that we needed my big
budget is slowly getting a lot smaller
the bloomin things that pencils I love
the name mo wonder whoa just spent 240
pounds of my budget
mister this box full of stuff another
tool yeah and the wood would just walk
with things it's too big with everything
your way
oh we need to get rid get rid of this
yeah he's going to go kungfu yeah but he
wants to try kung fu--ing I'll get a
quick black water
Pierre maybe this is perfect work to the
new van yeah yo alterations that is
looking good we go being cube Bank we
got it when he visit up food on the way
together because we don't want to be
stranded in the woods with no food or
drink stopping off M&S on the way to the
woods just to make sure that we have a
good lunch a lot of food to give us a
lot of energy a lot of drink maybe a
couple of lucozade
you know the drill we need to have a lot
of energy I woke up this morning making
like I feel like I've done like a day of
sporting activity but my bump my left
palm tree aches man
I don't know I don't want to do it maybe
maybe it's still from the tennis yeah
maybe that's just like two or three day
delay from playing tennis for days guys
this chicken is reduces seven pounds
fifty enough to feed a family and there
is so much few chickens and we what
vegetables have got a new pot cooking on
the fire when you get to marinade the
marinated chicken we got our lunch and
dinner here we've also got a few little
extras we've arrived in the woods as you
can see the van is down there this is
where Dave lives if you haven't been
watching the vlog for very long just
grabbing this little pallet basher thing
we are about to start the building the
construction process this is happening
this is day two honestly guys this is
going ten times better than what I ever
thought it would go day one in
yesterday's vlog we managed to buy a van
get all of the recycled wood went all of
the tools stay - we've gone and rented
some more tools to make it possible got
a couple more bits of wood and now we've
just driven the van to the land kind of
taking everything out of the van and
putting it all over here ah thank you
Dave mate good rice Wow laughs oh my
chassis right here we go the Vans all
empty so ones just cutting all the
carpet up that one the building is
started more the taking apart has
started and also the pallet Bashan has
started over here get that way that tool
is the one only the one I need to start
working on there I'm just on the music
at the moment everyone in the comments
is good without me go and help out
I'm just taking all the nails out the
wall loaded hooks off the ceiling and
some cookie bits over here
it was beard if the posh bit of wood
fits in yeah I'm on the big boy job of
taking off the rust I don't want to be
breathing that stuff in also don't want
to be getting that stuff in my eyes you
like get in convincing I don't need to
go to see mate can you see all right
where am i Emma I'm ready very hard
watching this video ever need some wood
from the sweat they're wrong I thought
you know yeah we've taken this bit out
we're now drawing a template around for
the old piece but obviously we're just
going to do on a new piece of wood with
a nicer shape whole little fresh
we're currently thinking about how to
make the viewing hole through hid we're
thinking this is the perfect size for
the hole and we're going to draw around
that okay that's probably better on the
other side just you can see where to do
it in correlation to the seats lenses or
an eight and three baby SS at that and
then what we're planning to do is we're
going to draw another one out on another
bit of wood maybe that piece over there
and then have it on a hinge that you can
even have it open or you can hinge it
close if you're sleeping in here going
to bed going to push it down so that if
you're sleeping in here going to bet you
don't want that circle letting in any
lights you can hinge it close haha Dave
and I've just finished mashing all of
those pallet pieces over there taking
all the mail without and everything
we're now trying to work out Sean and I
have to do the ceiling for days building
a part of the bed proving harder than
what we thought just more complicated so
we don't want to lose too much height
off the ceiling so I'm currently just
nail gunning in some supporters of that
just up here these little pieces and
then another one on the other side of
the van that should be good as you know
by now I was in charge of buying the
materials solar says I'm glad to say
that were about to use this glue gun
thing because it cost some romanov 50
quid
oh boy this insulation is good I've
nearly finished all of the insulation
into the ceiling of the band around here
these guys are cutting the bed out the
taste of the bed girl here I'll be fine
she shot me are we sleeping here at
least leaving here tonight boys yeah
yeah I can really turn em seriously all
doing
bounnam yes frog boy we make some good
progress that's it boom yeah yes so that
looks like the other side we won't get
the big bit of this end so this if it
were cutting off separately guys that's
gonna be a little laptop fold down for
here at the end of the bed we'll explain
your serum a little Hindi system then
here you put a straight line now of
where we're going to have to go because
we're going to stand anyway look at that
time I see a lot of kind of coffee try
for the first ceiling piece to go on
well just as the pilothouse hey one
work-wise is coming to an end
we finished half of the ceiling all of
its insulated and that panel there is
all fully up we've just finished
chopping up it just finished up the
second panel here that is going to go up
here tomorrow but we should need to
charge the drill and put a couple extra
little like noggin bits up like this yes
for lunch time we didn't even own a van
mmm today we've got a band with a got
the base of a bed it's got the wool prep
for the cladding this bit here all done
a new the ceilings will insulated semi
dan what you've been getting most of it
little bit a little bit of rubble yeah
frazzled is the world right so talk to
us but I think we're right on track man
I don't think we could be in a bumping
on the I feel a bit scared like what are
we missing because I think do you know
else we've done well we've already
chopped the shape for the bar as well
we're done for the bar and the laptop
stand the laptop self here I don't know
how much budget I've got left or
material but we cooking dinner tonight
on the fire or we go into the pub
to going catch easyJet and a couple of
beers ask Jimmy when he says the word is
and on that we can always go for beer
anyway we can hang we could take the
fish right put your hands up if you
think dinner tonight can come our shorts
budget oh your dog won't fly there and
 what are we going to do the chicken
breast oh because they might go off why
have I got this on I'm I think you've
been wearing this all day I feel I even
hate all out this morning Oh looking
you're sleeping oh yeah I like I like
take them all up oh god you've got
family night tomorrow night yeah so if
we're going to being round the wood fire
it's going to be tonight isn't it yeah
yeah and then maybe we have a
celebratory dinner in the pub once we
finish the whole project we drive this
to the pub absolutely it's so off after
they held us yeah we have to go this we
might have a sneaky beer when they're
there go there tonight maybe actually
got some stuff charger now yeah now
let's get fire on sure so I've just
cleaned up all of Dave's pot that you
had with his moldy salmon left in it
sure I was cooking up or marinating all
the chicken at the moment in a bag so
just fill that everyone I've also got
I've also got the incredibly you can't
even see me because the vet sexy had
torch on my face this is so good so
that's a lot of chicken fry yeah and
working yeah I know it's so there was no
point like saving that no it's going off
as well yeah it goes off tomorrow
they've just strained off most of the
water yeah you're walking it in with the
chicken in the bag - yeah mix it all
yeah
going in get it all in now he's breaking
his tray Oh No and all those come on
that looks great are we ready sorry oh
I'm sorry
you see I plainly see no dad I wasn't
done pour some water on it yet don't put
that in your mouth now no push someone
on the walk I'll write it down for you
yeah oh my I was going to go in your
mouth this is looking delicious you know
guys reckon Alex Helms again got myself
a little plate here I'm eating my food
out
I would rub myself but I've got a light
on my head so you won't be able to say
anything yeah how you liking at yeah
good Oh hot they've traded us to go on a
moonlit walk all the way into the local
pub which is like gonna take within
about 40 minutes because we can't oh oh
Oh bassy - and bloody swim in United's
dorm French when she jumps in the puddle
we can't drive the van because the van
will damage the land too much if we keep
on driving it on the on the woodland
floor and Dave's car is that - or his
house and my car is also like a home and
stuff so in fact actually my car is
actually the office so we're currently
walking and then I'm a moonlit walk it's
really bright like we've even got
shadows on the floor but it's just too
dark for the camera to see hopefully we
don't get attacked by aliens or wild
deer or a max max mass murderer or the
moon looks good guys I've lost the
others oh crap
all right they're up there oh my gosh
normally obviously you've got like a
nice footpath to walk along but a car
was coming so we ought to jump down this
ditch and Shawn and Dave like went for
oh my gosh we are about two minutes away
now from the pub I've never ever felt
more deserving of an alcoholic beverage
in my life than a full day of like
manual work and then like a half an hour
walk to the pub here we go the good old
fountain the trustworthy oh look at that
maybe put these lights up for us mate
did they it looks beautiful
this is exactly what I needed
and that's firing your cheers boys
well weather wherever our NID right
we're heading out
we've got the local taxi driver dropping
us back to Brighton quarter past 10:00
and evening
Zoe Nala okay Sean's just put the weight
of the batteries on charge for the tools
that he we've had such a good day that's
so very good today
my little baby he even cuddles ah ha ha
missed you you're gonna have to come and
see the van come and play in the woods
did it dumped Zoe is made for neither
bread my gosh this bed is so comfortable
I can't even describe a woman's giving
birth on the TV I'm going to end the
vlog now because I'm just gonna I'm just
going to get ready for bed and go
straight to sleep if you've enjoyed it
guys if you're excited for tomorrow day
three out of five give the video bigger
thumbs up thank you so much for the love
and support recently the shelter of
today goes to Taylor Moffat pointless
Taylor on Twitter thank you so much for
my notifications turned on guys
subscribe if you're not already go down
below and smash that thumbs up button
let's see how many let's try and get
35,000 thumbs up that is your challenge
35,000 go down below smash the thumbs up
bye then I hope you're excited for day 3
we're getting somewhere
we'll get in there for catcher in the
morning goodnight
the party
