good morning guys good morning good
morning good morning it's the big day
it is the day where we're doing the
project Shawn and Dave and I we've also
got both doggies here
now let's like super chilled and sleepy
and Buzz all he wants to do is play
fetch with this bloomin toy buzzing boy
bring here then engage play myself now
I've literally been throwing that toy
back and forward back and forward back
and forward down the corridor down there
I am so at the last hour so Dave is
getting here in 24 minutes half past
9:00 and then we're picking Shawn up at
quarter to 10:00 and then we're all
going to my office to get planning for
10 o'clock
good morning buzzy boy good morning
buzzy boy
he's so energetic look at you and then
look at your brother you're so silly
all right let's do a weather check don't
don't dawn oh my gosh oh my gosh what
we're doing today is all outdoors I
cannot even describe I love you would oh
my gosh the weather looks incredible
don't get me wrong it's going to be
incredibly cold in fact underneath my
trousers no that's my boxers where are
they where are they here I've got
leggings on the leggings I sometimes
wear to the gym
I've got underneath my trousers today
see you later you later very very busy
boy seriously bad with recruited team no
Shawn here see them and we're just and
just stop just on get some coffee for
breakfast steal
she's going to be a busy day any loss of
fuel so basically the aim of what we're
here to do right tastes good explain
what returned neighbors much Mary
explaining I basically start insulin
Tuesday morning we are doing a five day
challenge to go from zero no knowledge
at all on how to convert a van using
friends and you to self to try and
convert a fan fully by Saturday evening
and on a limited budget so does that
work yeah that's it so basically what
today we're going to try we have to get
it today because all those times just
teaching away something we have to get a
van today a big van then we're going to
convert it to like double bed in their
shelves in their whatever we're going to
make it like an awesome Travel van kind
of thing and we're going to use recycled
materials I'm a basically trying to show
and trying to learn that if you don't
know anything about something that you
want to do you can still do it via the
right group of people with the right
mindset you can still get the job done
and that's what we're trying to show
yeah we need to show it this is our
planning so far something we do that's
it so far
the art of beginning you know you look
are you know the van also guys can you
comment down below some suggestions
we're going to go over night by van
today literally in this video we're
going to buy a van in yesterday's video
Dave and I visited and a recycled wood
place just to have a look to see if it
was good and we spoke to somebody who's
looking to sell about about half an hour
away and that is an option but we
haven't finalized anything we haven't
looked at like after you haven't even
spoken about what kind of things we want
inside the bands were basically we're
buying a massive six just crap bad not
sick crap van we're going to make it
CDs but again and I can't do any
building or anything Dave I've never
done it is I mean done proper building
have you guys I want to learn now
yeah this what we're doing we're going
to learn I'm ready you ready the only
man with actual skills yeah sure now
it's done a lot of like labor work
yeah I'm building so you're building it
I'm filming it I'm freaking the buttons
on the internet device you know
basically in one old man yeah there's
about to go in with gray one laughs are
are it's like a Extreme Home Makeover
whatever that program is at the end
we're looking to give it to charities if
you if you can think of somewhere that
might it might be useful for them to
acquire the man octaves for us to give
it to them let me know in the comments
down below as well hopefully it's going
to be really good and really really cool
and if it's not then there's going to be
some more funny videos we could do our
own personal delivery service as well
but yeah we could go and drop it off and
on a road trip and give it them oh yeah
I am so what's going to let you come and
give it to me in Australia ah right
number one we've got the budget written
down of what what it is I'm thinking so
from the very very little research that
we have done into prices of vans they
vary from 800 pounds to probably just
for a van to probably like the garage
two grand
yeah I reckon see grandma we don't want
something rubbish that will actually
going to buy and not be able to drive
away we don't want to be fixing the
engine and stuff like that that's not
yeah 200 200 MOC 200 Paola I don't think
as everybody wheels I think the price of
the van is probably going to be like up
to one 1,200 pounds yesterday I think if
we go over that I think which is too
much money
yeah because we want to get some in this
working well that's just running and
it's just driving as a man if there's
anything in particular you want us to
put inside the van or anything at all
just anything any tips or anything let
us know in the comments down below I
want this to be like a real
collaboration between us three and you
guys watching this video Dave's also
filming it for his YouTube channel that
we've got up on Thursday surely you
filming any of it I'm going to be
vlogging Sean's vlogging it as well so
I'll leave links down below to whatever
that both of their channels you guys can
check it out when it weather shuts up
once we get it we'll need a main but
where
need the van name the name depends on
the look of the van exactly that's why
we do need yeah we can't be naming the
man yellow and look at it come we need
to pick one we need to see if anyone
from Salem run the glows by welcome over
there we need a budget for the van and
we need a budget sort of fit out yeah I
just remember all the liens or whatever
we need so I don't know how much the
fit-outs going to be it's all going to
be recycled
yeah I think it will be fairly cheap
yeah but then obviously we've got to buy
screws and nails I don't know how much
like nails on it clearer because I think
a lot like hammers disease nothing but
how do you even nail or screw that's the
thing we could probably get cash now
with nail done Gavin how would they all
gone yet right we're going to finally
two and a half two thousand five hundred
big one back in all the buzzer and any
money that's left that leftover if we
don't spend that will give to charity
yeah exactly
yeah that's made up of the van the like
would be basically yeah yep and it's all
yeah however we get some bio more
renters so you think we ever ordered a
resection um I'm happy to lend like the
idea for materials and tools something
that I can help them break I'm scared
with van and one look I don't have to
check the engine life we buy a van and
the engines whack you take them back on
it and then on the van I'm making
responses I want to give you this one
Jack AIG materials that we furnish
high-tech material okay Alfie's of
materials obviously we're all a team but
yeah yeah if you spend over budget on
the van like if what you buy screws up
like we try to drive the van away with
other work yeah yeah yeah we're doing a
four bit apparently where if we spend
over budget or any of us messes up badly
you have to jump in the sea but this
whole project is a chance to really do
something difficult so guys don't let us
off the hook maybe actually heart those
porpoise because so often you get our be
good
oh my gosh I think it's doable
oh don't I understand I think it's
doable no it's not a materialistic man
i'ma get that we're going to buy a
bandage it doesn't dry bar I'm not
getting that's not much because yeah I
think I mean generally say 1 1 and 500
you think that so much do you have
weight in the wrong direction I think
that's good one 500 yeah yeah I mean yes
because I'm going to be borrowing quite
a lot ok ok as you see are you happy
with a one outfit yeah
my job's going to be recycled I'm going
to hopefully get mine a lot of this for
free ok I'm going to be the bargain man
I'm going to be walking into the wood
line sir yeah I need that massive piece
of wood 20 pounds mm but no you'll be
like 30 pounds people like yes we
dealers and Pfizer
yeah hello that bill bill with save
again about the ban perfect perfect
so shall we shall we aim to be there
with you at about 12 then one just
suddenly thinking like what we're going
to do about insurance and obviously we
don't want to spend too much money I'm
sure what I'm saying is that's in your
budget boy that's right that's bad right
let's have a group discussion for your
hand up if you think insurances comes
from van we've got zero if you're going
over this 2,000 pounds already how much
you bind a van for how much is the van
II said 1250 but I've got them down to a
grand so if your insurance is any more
than 0 P you're getting in the sea we've
got exactly half an hour to go and meet
bill the van man we're Russian as quick
as we possibly can because it takes 28
minutes to get to hit you ready sure
gotta get your jacket made
twelve o'clock on the dot guys 26 and 40
young hello twelve o'clock you're not
even Mary Mary week I'm gonna give this
up and he was languages up Americans as
well boy who's paying for this that's
bad money
oh I'm information actually yeah we're
saying this is bad money okay how much
later but it's a 42-pound city here we
go please it's important you're doing
Qaeda and al fey that's me yeah McKenney
any very very good yeah only works on
two eights dirty it's been sitting here
yeah we let you down I've care about to
worry about this yeah of course here
yeah double bed here and then that bit
will be like someone would do something
different over there I think it's got
everything we need yeah bill for quite
say for place I can I love giving the
TARDIS we're business car Salman get
stuck you know we're yeah I'm not gonna
have you I want it this is a remote
booking all the paperwork for the band
and everything all right just one checks
on the vehicle
says it's tax memo teed and you thought
the documentation of stuff
I'm just wanted to make sure that it was
all reject and nothing to go G going on
1/4 1/5 looks all good because you given
it a charity thank you here we got you
know new be brilliant I'm back on buzzy
boy you've done your part the deal when
you smash there
why well yeah I know it's not here yes
I mean got gas on the fire yeah we can
start naming it now you can start
suggesting names yeah that might be
happy food yeah look at that saves
destroyed out with his insurance and
everything like that so don't you worry
you want to come on idea where are we
going to go home water so we can every
joint is now we did through this yes my
name is called mosh brightly I never won
it car wash there ah this is going to be
fun on it I thought we were going to go
drive through bounded yes I was I'm
petrol the car wash we got some of our
friends here some big white vani boys
two days we need to click the ung arm
job to manage your budget boy we driving
you is going closer and closer to seem
like I'm asked me to pay for the diesel
well I would say look if my argument is
my jobs finish we're now on material so
it should be you pain free I'm happy to
pay for it if we drive via the sea to
the wood place new but for swim you can
come out of my budget
okay team work dream work yeah it just
these on the inside
definitely diesel I checked online as
well
I really don't want to break the case go
on no Commission I'm breaking it how we
desperately need to fill it up and in a
way we might lose our extra piece now
oh and gluing the to blame whoa I'll buy
us some glue Thank You Ari
thank you so much thirty one pound fifty
and keeping my tab there that's two
pounds hopefully we can use both what do
we do
which one oh I got done I hey hey just
like spraying me it's counting down how
much budget we spent that desperate to
go by right at the bottom that really
wants it yeah boy we got our we'd
probably sell this for double of the
price right now this side of the van is
so nice and clean the brush is working
so well
yeah get that
I cannot even tell you how wet we all
just are standing in a puddle she's
ready to roll
look at that I know come outside the
house are you yeah oh you like it
time for us to grab a snack which means
we're going to be eaten into my budget
again so can I see the price per
sandwich please
that's over your budget
just finish up in our sandwiches and
stuff and we've driven over to the
waterfront insure them and we have come
to Travis Perkins
Travis little stinky yep good ol make
you boy this is the pace is where we
need to be the big boy oh my gosh okay
it's got the gravity ala you've got
boxes and boxes in the screwdriver
bitten every stone with me I've got some
good they didn't have the tools just
come out to a scrap yard car scrap yard
of Fair Park
so if we can get anything to make it
better we yeah so push it with the whole
palm yeah all at the second Travis
Perkins of today hopefully this one has
everything we need the time is currently
one minute to three how much with each
one
you would need a while ago we've got a
big old tall four thousand little nails
a light
this is like the winner that light yeah
or do you think we got enough nails
though cuz I'm 4,000 snails
yeah we need a drill yeah you just spent
185 yeah they did give us a big discount
as I think I've sent thank you guys on
that liji lovely guy in there serving up
just coming into the wood straw everyone
yesterday's video but I only showed you
a sneak peek some call it the woods I'm
calling ISM there's currently turning
the van around so that we can try and
get a thumbnail of all of us sitting on
top of it yeah
you're trying again
get that picture get that this is cool
it aside only goes through into here
register do this right in the van so
this is the interior yeah
sure coming together the design this is
looking like an absolute mess at the
moment but don't why we're understanding
it and they can and we've got about half
an hour until this place closes maybe
not even that I am saying at home I've
got 10,000 bull pit bulls okay that's
all I'm saying
thousand yeah listen man if we wanted
like an option to be able to put a shelf
on the sides of the bed I mean like a
barrier and then we just pour 10 down
bull pit bulls on top of the mattress
and then you have a bull pit bull
Netflix and chill a benefit of an
conversion quite simple one if you
wanted to have got a very detailed
drawing oh now you get it yeah wherever
your assessment of a lung disease or
rather water so this piece of wood here
is going to be our coffee bar so I'm
just picking this one up this is 20
pounds these guys are just grabbing some
fly for the ceiling and the floor and
stuff getting dark outside now place is
just closing up we bought three massive
bits of wood here and then we've got our
nice bit over there Dave's just chatting
to the people now see if we can get some
pallet wood this is our van full of wood
at the end of day one good day yeah we
just had the van today that would have
been a good day and we've got a lot more
mannitol's in there as well who loads
the wood and a decent plan we and the
wood well right we've just got home
poppy is Ian's over here buzz and mum
were here as well but they've just left
now the boys are looking at pallet wood
and new stuff all kinds of stuff
we might even get a measure I'm going to
ban and have a look at other measurement
yeah everyone else was ordered to live
through tonight what did you suggest
papi suggested sushi or just to have all
the fun enjoyment man I need to get
plans Valentine's stuff really bad yeah
probably hates doing things in public
that are even slightly embarrassing
although I was like wow you're not like
that
come on your turn your turn my physics
yes you can go on one woo
one woo yeah go on
haha good just one no one's even here
there's literally no one here God for it
one oh yeah we've got so much food I
need more watching TV the gods are in a
Scott Wolter comedy planning away and
transitory that McLaren English of that
front there and why do ya put the slap
on it very round and this braddock
lonely disgust Shaunie's leave in the
lane we'll see tomorrow we seen Brian
Earl a screamer as well as your guy
these guys are off as well it is where
my match
though he got sent the most beautiful
bunch of flowers earlier from a secret
admirer
she's telling me that good Sunday they
called Riley that had been much more
basically as over for a date on Sunday
with this guy called Riley and he sent
her their jackets is equal Sunday Riley
Sunday why I need a brand to the company
I don't know sent Zoe on the most insane
bunch of flowers they're incredible so
nice
everyone has left everyone has gone to
bed except for me
well if that's not asleep you gone to
her own bed okay so it's just me Dave
another left up but not as literally
just gonna put
bed today have been sick so I can say
thank you so much for all of the support
on all of the videos I know that you
guys are going to love this project it's
just stupid it's a bit of fun we using
all the sides would staff and we're
going to give us chat at the end of
hopefully helps people make a difference
so if you've enjoyed it if you except
for the project go down below smash it a
thumbs up and shout out one of you guys
as usual
today's shout out is Emma M woods on
Twitter she's got my notifications
turned on if you want to do the same
just press the little button next to the
subscribe button you have to already be
subscribed that's what I did in fact I
can't wait wait oh like we're totally
ready to go it's going to be sick and
very timely right if there's anything
you want us to do in the van on the van
outside the van name the band for us
design a logo for the band for us tweet
us we'll see you in the morning
see you at 8 a.m. in the morning we're
going to build in advance
tomorrow
