good morning guys
literature the busiest morning and I
haven't even start the vlog it's been so
busy got to go to my vlog got up super
early today jump and button the shower
it's Monday
having a productive Monday want to play
tennis with Dave who I told that I was
good when I was younger I played tennis
competitively and how did it go it was
it was a interesting learning a serious
now week as well it was good to get back
on the court and you improved a lot and
says we yes we did well I didn't even
win one game
not even one game it would gladly
cleaned me up and we're now just working
on a project I haven't told you guys too
much last time Dave was over as he was
leaving I said I will see you on and I
said tomorrow because something is
happening tomorrow with Shawn and Dave
something super exciting and then we're
just planning and prepping little bits
of tomorrow but not too much you'll see
why in tomorrow's vlog and I'll kind of
editing the bed bug at the same time and
now though is just come in with the
biggest distraction in a while I
literally I was so set on my editing and
now this is crazy now you look like from
another planet
make sure you do look at these Donuts
then sorry that's like bigger than your
head I didn't make them a bit coffee or
something this coffee try one of those
do you know what know what this coffee's
know you yeah those got bisque off
sprite really alright sorry okay mm-hmm
this is like that's hoppy
no in fact caramely you like you know
made biscuits that you could get when
you went to our hairdressers like yeah
on the liability that is those biscuit
biscuit mmm oh yeah
these ones are peanut butter and they
all work can I don't know I also I
should show you what happened this
morning completely forgot I dropped my
iPhone was trying to get my tennis
racquets out of the shed and smashed all
the screener done if you can you can't
really see it but all the screen is all
smashed
I think it's not like
ultimately freeing yeah it's just the
top corner and cracks coming all the way
down wrote my screen but I think of the
Apple Care whatever it is hopefully
fingers crossed I can get it fixed for
free if not is like the world's most
expensive thing and I'll probably just
leave it cracked for a bit you're not
going to take any pictures for Instagram
though
sort sir right yeah
I'll know and you know if we were coming
tomorrow with cash what would be your
best price that phone call went
incredibly well don't worry it was only
threat for tomorrow we didn't finalize
anything there is no cheating you will
understand what I mean tomorrow
all that work this is almighty the
palette oh I am in heaven we have given
very large needs what my blooming phone
again smasher even more as I said about
1090 today working on a secret project
starting tomorrow until Saturday it's a
it's a big project something that I've
never done before from them that I've
never thought of doing or getting
involved with before so what we're doing
today is we're scoping out some
different locations and some different
people to try and make tomorrow easier
but we're not finalizing anything
because that would be cheating I've got
yeah quite thin but quite strong which
easier but this is exactly what we
wanted two disparate like this is ten
times better than what we wanted I'm
back from all of the crazy scheming and
planning and the recce that we did today
I'm now just trying to smash the edit
out as quick as I can so the daily blog
the wrong 80% done and I've got to be at
the meeting in 24 minutes we have to
leave to go to the meeting a quarter to
it is currently 44 so I've like finished
done my video schedule and everything
with one minute to spare cannot believe
that
believes that actually managed to do
that see you later can have a little nap
I mean in your mini in Asia that sounds
wrong hard I mean your mini latest Oh
some people call a mini some I did when
I was younger when I was younger we
could a mini or mini motors if I could
I'm been in this car in ages
alright we've just arrived home hope the
doggies are here oh and they just want
to see jelly we also just bought some
food on the way back popped into M&A so
we bought mom and dad fees from M&M and
then the man serving us just randomly
games over night would be a nice
customers this bunch so you guys can
have them as well
hello buddy boy hello hello someone is
excited look at my phone I'll see
oh I can see it mmm oh Sweden are mmm
so Zoe and I are looking after buzz
tonight and he's having a sleepover here
and then we're looking after him all of
tomorrow as well just because mum and
dad is busy busy busy just clearing up
for lunch at the moment and so it's just
editing a new video that's going up
tonight I'm about to cook dinner the new
vlog is all live so much positivity and
actually on the local positivity if you
sort of bug the other day when we've got
the spring time you will know that I
spoke about that West crap crap crap Zoe
I never put the food away I just left it
all here for like over an hour so
respect about potentially doing this
third witless book we've got winter book
one we've got point to but everything
comes everything good comes in threes
comes in a swift ball comes in a trilogy
I'm not going to lie about the idea
before and I thought how fun it would be
to do it but I didn't want to I didn't
want to do something and I never do with
my youtube that you guys stuck the the
doesn't excite you guys but recently I
have so many
Paul saying am i doing another book tour
I'm I did a book tour I am I going to do
a third pointless book at Christmas it
was crazy saying he not doing the third
when look so so I spoke about universe
the other day that I would I would love
to do a third Point's book but this time
get you guys more heavily involved and
just make it make it more instead of
instead of it being a typical at you
tuber book where when I tell you about
the book right at the end after I finish
writing it finish through the whole
process designing and every day this
time I want you guys to be fully on
board with it the whole time I want you
to be in the meetings where I'm
designing it I want you to be in the
meters run right in the pages I want
some of you guys to write some of the
pages and I'll credit you have put your
name in the book so that so that you can
buy a copy and yourself your friend or
your mom or dad or your brother your
sister could be in the book itself I
just want this to be like a proper fine
the collaboration project within these
logs so it's not going to take up a ton
of my time like you guys you know that
these point is books they're not like
weight and doubles they're not like
massed pieces it's just like a fun
activity book full of stupid silliness
and pointless stuff that it's just fun
to fill out during your spare time like
I've seen some of you guys have like
three four five six I've even seen
somebody who had 14 copies of the points
but one multiple copies of the pointless
book to because they fill them out and
then they want to fill out another one
so with this new one let's make the
pages better than the last two let's
meet them let's make it really really
fun and I think I've spoken to my
publishers over the last week or so and
I've told them that I want to do it that
you guys want me to do it from the
feedback that was in the video where I
got spray tans
and it you didn't even see one communist
oh don't do it everyone everyone was so
excited by the tour by the book by
coming up ideas together by designing it
like we're going to do it it's going to
it's just going to a really really cool
project but instead of it being like a
secret project this time it's just going
to be something that we can do together
so I'm excited I just wanted to let you
guys know that it's happening we can do
it I don't know when exactly we start
doing any of like the designing or stuff
I've already come up with 42 page ideas
I've already come up with 42 of the
ideas I think would be great in the book
some of them are the most popular of
favorite ones like reinvented and redone
up from
first one of the second one suffered
some brand new ideas I'm sure you guys
are going to come up so many by just
bring the book back up in the vlogs
because I see that was incredible I'm
I'm saying we do it understand we do it
and we smash it and we have tons of fun
and we do it and we do it together
that's the most important thing but
these vlogs is it anything we do in
these videos we do together we're a
community like a family asset from
sharing like I just thought these
earlier but we can't eat leaves together
because I mean I can try but this kind
of thing doesn't really work in the
vlogs like dozen and hard to see your
ones don't watch where I meant to be
looking dinner warming it now I've been
too much as oh boy you singing I mean
you must be singing that great song run
away this is all love does non-stop
whenever he's here just pushes this one
little toy and then look at Nala now
watching watching he's looking at you
oh god this is our evening literally
non-stop these headphones look
ridiculous these as always these gloves
I got the other day they look ridiculous
but they are so comfy like I'm wearing
them inside just read normal comments
money blog and editing the Newsom's
video for Wednesday how happy then I've
got some pasta
spicy sausage pasta and veg hahaha
without one eaten jelly and fruit when
you eat jelly do you chew it
no why suck it through your teeth yea-ah
like a tongue out right give me a bit
photon now you just have to like so you
should go very long so use your team and
what I want your me to do okay
mmm but know that what have you got it's
really flavor some
Craig is really flavored yes thank you
really strong that tastes stronger and
we'll good thanks
that tastes stronger this little my
actual fruit like actually does okay
this probably has like ten milligrams of
their artificial colors or flavors make
decision for you this isn't all Mike
buzz or about to watch episode two of
Special Forces ultimate hell week if you
haven't seen it you need to check this
program out is I mean I don't think buzz
then then buzz like Sir you don't like
this program open Allah and have that
over there buddy boy coming in into your
bed now let me see you put your bowl you
put your toys no no it's in the morning
good boy
right now you lay down in there as chip
measuring water I will see you in the
morning time to go to bed myself guys
I'm going to try and edit this rub that
you're watching right now right now when
I go to bed because I got to be up early
tomorrow morning to get started with
this secret project Shawn and Dave are
both coming over at half-past nine to
make it happen as I said before it's a
five-day project so we're ending on
Saturday but we're starting tomorrow the
day you're watching this it's already
begun
today's notification shout out goes to
casey sacra casey sacra on twitter so
thank you so much Casey if you haven't
already guys go down below subscribe and
tell my youtube notifications on by
pressing the little Bell button and if
you've enjoyed the vlog give it a big ol
thumbs up I'll catch you tomorrow with a
brand new video and yes good night I'll
see in the morning good night guys
back
