good morning guys good morning how you
doing so and I spent the morning not
eating this chocolate this was last
night these chocolate stuff that was our
dessert in bed was watching Netflix but
what we did spend this morning doing was
watching old vlogs and there's something
about watching old videos and the fact
that I've dated blogs for so many years
now
that we're just able to look back on
things that have happened in our lives
and watch better moments like family
holidays when we're away with friends
we're watching like YouTube events that
we're doing in America like two years
ago
it's amazing that is I'm saying this in
my live show the other day that is my
favorite thing about being vlog in it's
not the fact that it's my job it's not
the fact that it always me meet new
b-boys not the fact that it getting tons
of views or anything like that the
opportunities I get my favorite thing
about daily vlogging is as I can watch
back these videos and years to come
and see what I was doing see what I was
experiencing and in the moment like now
when I'm filming this I don't ever think
about that but then I sit down and I
watch videos from 2014 from 2015 that a
years ago and in that moment when I was
filming those videos or also wasn't
thinking about it but now I can look
back on it and I'm sure one day I'm
going to be watching this back talking
about how to look back on it and I will
be looking back if that makes sense I
don't know Zoe wants a bagel with beans
with beans and scrambled eggs and I
might as well make myself the same so it
makes its Sundays for me Monday for you
this is the first time I've remembered
to tell you something that I've wanted
to tell you on a Monday because I always
tell you on a Monday for me which is a
Tuesday piak so much of this vlog scrub
the next day it's Monday it's a fresh
start we've got a brand new week ahead
of you it's just coming to the end of
Monday I'm guessing for most of you
watching this because I upload in the
evening on a Monday I hope you've had an
amazing day if you haven't remember that
you've still got six new fresh days of
the week to make this week the best week
of your life and I'm not exaggerating
clean up like meat this week really
really special if you're in school make
sure you work extra hard if you're in
college make sure you work in extra hard
if you're out there travel in the world
make sure you are traveling and
exploring and spending the best moments
you possibly can some friends and loved
ones not to get too deep but we never
know what's going to happen and like
being serious waking up every single day
is something that we're lucky to do and
we often take it for granted nice ass
and they do like I don't even think
about stuff like that but we have to
remember that each and every single one
of us are lucky to be in the situation
we are even if actor you're watching
this video now that's amazing
but you may have so many things in your
life that suck but remember all times
you've got so many things in your life
even if it's hard to remember those
things make sure you do because you're
lucky you're very lucky and there's
people out there who would wish that
they can have your life just like I'm
sure that this regatta that you wish you
could have they're like nobody is
perfect nobody's got everything they
ever wished for at all on this one we
get milk out I'm not making seriously
I'm not concentrating on what I'm about
to do beans that's what love it to get
out you get what I'm saying
this Monday it's a fresh week why not
try your best
why not what have we got to lose but I
looking back on my school years of
course I did work really really hard and
I was really happy with the great Saigon
stuff but I could have worked harder I
definitely could oh I spent hours every
single day gaming and gaming and I had a
lot of fun like I made a lot of amazing
memories a lot for making friends and
stuff while I doing that and I don't
regret it but I certainly could have
also worked hard on the grade but also
make sure that you're having fun in your
spare time you've got to you've got to
really balance yourself in life make
sure that your work in Blooming hard at
work at college or whatever and then
you're off time you're doing what you
want to do your off time is for you I've
started this blog with a really really
weird vandal that was mentally about
Mondays now ended up about working and
colleges I'm going to make a breakfast
we've finished breakfast time to edit
the vlog we just watched another episode
of that program Clarissa something diary
diet something killer zombie people need
today's vlog then I need to film two
Sims with is Rizzoli
then I need to do a live show then we
need to get over to my parents house
because my mom's making lunch for me and
Zoey then we're going to play a lot of
games with mum and dad and then he'll be
over the day will be over
we've got a blooming busy day we've got
a lot to get done before four o'clock
it's currently 12 minutes to 12 and I
need to edit my blog so in the latest
episode of zombie sins headphones in the
latest episode exactly since I kind of
went stargazing with another girl not
Zoey but also called Silas you've seen
it you know what I'm talking about
so don't worry I put these headphones I
definitely brought them home yesterday
when we filming the voice-over with mum
I took over the headphones that we use
for Sims no in my jeans good news we
found the headphones where were they in
the drawer when a we'd asked where
they're always after one of us must have
put them from my hair one of us must
have put them there yesterday when we
came home having is probably neat I
remember doing it when you said I think
it was in one of them I just wanted you
to sing good in the vlog right someone
let's go there alright we're going to
new episodes we're going to play as Zoe
they're gonna be up Wednesday exactly
exactly was your phone on silent I paint
in your brain okay I'm finished
recording that was long like honestly
that tired me out
it's if you've constantly to working out
for an hour
yeah we're playing for an hour guys
people go right to 25-minute episodes
going up as I said on Wednesday and
Saturday when they were well we know I
could have played that way we can we've
gone to that no it's got too much as
good as that we can but we should hardly
for me the whole time
in the last episode that we just
recorded not as I
boring house be prepared yeah and if she
does so much happen in those two
episodes I kind of want to tell you but
I'm not going to tell you can I give
another kiss thank you she's so tired
mama do you just live the best life ever
she shouldn't see you you I mean I
currently like literally live right now
you can say hello to yourself if you
want that's the setup there and we're
just trying a sauce box because as you
know in these blogs we've missed out on
source box for a couple of months and
this here that we're just trying at the
moment I'll leave a link to the library
down below so you can watch us try if
you want this year is incredible it's so
good this is so we can take the
retreat's evening yeah anyways I've got
to go because currently live over that
copy record in two places at once
finished up the live show we're just
packing get everything ready because I'm
gonna head over to my mom and dad's
tonight average evening like a proper
serious games evening no messing about
no sitting on your laptop no checking so
we're taking over we're taking over a
source box just eat wash we're there
this game here which is like where you
lick these little things through into
the other side and of course this game
which we all know and love my pocket is
full of like dices and parts and stuff
well with the games data set on monopoly
already put out all the money for who
has what to start with
the one thing they did ask is do we have
Brighton monopoly because if so we can
take that there that'd be fun to play
but they've got Pokemon monopoly
actually nothing final one is like the
one from my childhood
do we have Brighton Rock yeah is it in
the table and
Oh oh my god you know we should hate
well dream fires you know that was gay
no wait did somebody send you a game the
other day with the your end with what
your wiener where's that somebody says
very like a Brighton Edition game the
other day and Zoe was in the game like
one of the cards says Oh Ella dream we
thought we've got till or no deal I
didn't even know we had that this like
we should take this over and then that's
fine because that we all want to play
darts as well
they've got we took if you want the good
thing about okay will you bring dreams
Rome and then we've got all evening
and then we're also mum and dad have got
a dartboard and when I was young that
you should want a book double friend-off
again bizarre they've got this limping
games they've also got this game organ
is hurt
yeah and a spring operation that's it
although operations quite easy these
days is actually now you're old oh it's
actually quite easy easy
and I mean not to brag or anything I'm a
pro operation but what's that game
called the circle one that I hate and I
love it and I hate it
mama da will say I don't you guys will
see it mom and dad have got it I mean my
major stories about me you're like a
broken you only get got me for my
birthday
that's my fashion arm a that we spent
together be bloomin expensive because
it's the old school version with all the
pieces that you cannot only can't find a
nail that I like yes so many people
believe the new one and it's broken god
yeah and we've got all of these to carry
and what technology this sensibly let's
open the car or you don't forget your
bag have a messy now I know I probably
surely London I
pension plan of students okay
she wouldn't pray anyway monopoly in
full-swing would literally just arrived
I'm already playing what did you get so
you didn't know you did an update on the
game for these all of mine alt mum
that's mine I assume a dice oh my god
and cheating going on just because oh
that's - oh that's not mine hey I've got
three houses over here and two hotels
there nobody else has got that oh no
mom's got this set here the best set but
nothing on it here we go they're all
coming around to my hotels my houses I'm
in three seven where Zoey you're safe
for now all that is mine still 18 but
you're safe from my big boppers - three
- three or five oh yeah I'll be in jail
to be honest
one two three four five six seven eight
what possible oh no mom
how many Piccadilly with three houses
850 the elderly ride let me drive it
flag earlier on I wanted to buy mum's
oranges she would not give it to me and
these three made a pact that they would
not trade with me for the whole game
they wouldn't give me anything for their
whole game man and I flew Klee got all
three yellows myself without any trade
in so that's only and the ground as well
none of them will trade him a 60 and not
have you gave it to me she won't give me
the orange I've got two oranges and I
need the last one oh look I was on my
look where I was oh we're in situation
where a lie
not good
seem better Leicester Square 1,150
what's up cut me fresh yes
Margit you are in to me oh no you're not
okay just give me just the orange I'll
do it just for the orange all increase
poor thing don't really know if you
Maltese everything you just give me that
little day that day that's fine it's
fine for you he's not fine for video so
either by my go now this whole thing is
deaf seven oh and actually where I just
for move I'm going to buy some I'm not
you are see you whenever we land on it
doesn't matter yeah yeah crap why did I
roll it up everyone is on me I don't get
paid I'm actually serious
you know it's money I just lost right
everyone album 1000 P 1 good for dad I'm
1152 Zoe because variances 2,350 should
be naughty for enjoying Journal 2300 I
would have just won the game mum's been
kicked out the game why can I get these
to a mine there's always there's always
these are mine these are mine and these
are mine and dad has currently got one
pound left dad's gone
is that a thousand you skin a man though
he's hanging on in there this is my
current stack
9 ha ha ha ha ha ha Piccadilly 1200 no
350 this modular and look at properties
oh you will be some it always horrible
with me how much do we got 10:18 200 tax
ah
yeah yeah yeah no lucky lucky I just
kicked all your butts and they're
calling it luck
that was the luckiest luckiest game I've
ever played like I need to roll attend
to it free parking to get like a
thousand pounds cash and I'll be like
10th roll at 10 every time I call the
number I needed I rolled it it was
ridiculous
ah these are so cute turning this one
then you did not make them looking to
shop dinner when a plane rama cub or
Romeo or don't even know it's got tons
of different name this is those first
games which teach not play would you
think so far
it's good yeah it's quite like a number
that's my plane game you don't have to
actually be good at math so if you can't
let me down you think we're not really
that's what I'm doing now or Concord you
can touch it all go again oh can you go
we can't even tell me we finish up
playing rummy though and I teamed up
them on the first game second game dad
won the monk am ii like and third and
Zoey came forth but it's so much fun I
really really loved that game we're now
about to play
Zoey's favorite game Zoey's game of
choice which is dream phone mums are
inflatable sit in front of you and look
forward you have all your potential
cross
one of these boy has a crush on you
oh is it Bob is it Scott Charlie no the
whole table boys so I don't tell you
doing the persons I've picked up no
first things were using a real phone but
it um um I'm not filming this one
properly because this is the January box
and we're past January now but um we'll
just snacking on there and trying these
bit I don't think that would work dad no
I got it right dad one no wait show
everyone a picture up here it is yeah
it's quarter pipe ten this is the last
game we're playing of our family game is
night I think I know what this game is
it's called shut the box you basically
roll to die and then you can put down
numbers whichever ones that add up to
the died that you roll how do they get
outrun amazing yeah I mean I can
understand explain it but then you're
going to want to play it all kind of it
for you again
look about this little face say goodbye
to Nala buzz look at her oh my gosh
NIC look at Nala how do you meet them
Don do they come on you know it's a girl
Wendy we just got home after such a fun
games evening with family Marla we need
to tuck you up and spread let's get out
hiding unless you don't know I want to
come up with you guys
you're sleeping in your bed tonight
we're going to make it extra cozy for
you and then we put your water in there
you can have a drink in case you get
thirsty you're going to be extra cozy
tonight
tuck it right in looks like et ah you're
nice and cozy yeah
no night I somehow forgot to end the
vlog last night soon as I got into bed I
started watching more of that bloomin
Netflix show ended I was in three
episodes and forgot to end the vlog so
today shout-out goes to Liam Freeland
and my notifications on his just tweeted
me screenshots on having all three of my
YouTube channels notifications turned on
for thank you so much Liam if you
haven't already done my guys go down
below subscribe and press the little
Bell button next to it if you enjoyed
this video give it a big old thumbs up
and I will see EO also my door I'll see
you tomorrow
