good morning guys good morning how you
doing how you doing miss E oh maybe not
I need myself a coffee today's busy day
today is a very busy day I've got two
interviews with people who are
potentially joining the team I've got oh
I'm glad something very exciting with
Dave you and I my friend Dave the guy
that I did the band put it with and
stuff oh there's a hair on my glass get
out of there
it's probably my own to be fair
just a quick little workout today
because I haven't worked out in so long
I'm just like doing a little bit of
everything I just finished off now with
some flies if I probably started doing
each body part at a time
I would just kill myself right now like
I'm not fit enough to be able to have
like a whole session just on my chest
I wasn't gonna wake up tomorrow not be
able to move all my legs not literally
got to might not be able to move so
currently just doing a little bit of
everything I've got half an hour into
the first person arrives for a meeting
in the office today so I need to head
back go jump in the shower and get ready
for the day so I don't a proper time to
eat before my first interview of today
however however a couple of days ago I
made some banana and granola like oh if
I can break it off come on frozen bars I
think I've got about three minutes and I
need a bit the office I don't think I
don't think you realize how deep in the
woods this is st. I just on the lane
this is deep
yeah Oh
well you've got the right car for it
though the minute you see why I need a
4x4 but I need that electric one Oh
welcome welcome to the cottage in the
middle of the woods we have just arrived
at Dave's new cottage in the park in my
garage for the first no way oh my gosh
yeah okay this garage is scary
this garage looks like something from
like a horror movie bro
this is like a store cupboard and the
tools and I don't know what we'll do
I don't know exactly what we'll do with
the spaces yet but it's nice to have I
can Whitley some wood in there will some
wood I love your little clothes wire
yeah look at that yeah that's so sick no
it's like a wine cellar
hey I don't let's go have a look oh
there's the stairs whoa that is
abandoned stairs okay welcome bro you
got that just don't jump on that part
that is gonna break oh yeah so don't
lean on this wall leave that were that
even done that's just balance bricks
I don't trust in it I'm gonna I don't
reckon anyone's been in there in years
bro it could be anything
yeah if you have no idea what we're
doing where we are today was very
basically he's moving on to version 2
Corcovado version 2 is happening and
this space it's the new space so this
new land has got a cottage on it
and David's been here twice before he
got the key yesterday we're just coming
down now this is my first time here
Louise first time here I guess last year
it was now last year was all about
learning simple living nature vegetables
Hut building and now it's about trying
to blend that with with the existing
world that we're all living in you know
how do we make normal houses more
eco-friendly more nature friendly more
efficient and embrace that simple living
stuff so we're gonna be changing stuff
up around here you might even be getting
some hairy cows that's what I'm gonna
say you ready yeah
it's like the key actually works first
time I'm trying best not being here on
my own pull the pull the thing down
because I think the muddiest I think so
just take them up oh but it's gasps its
fossil fuels and I'm not into that so
we're going to be switching out we're
going to be using something like I like
this height that's the right height
right there
well there was a table there that's
there there's Harry Potter's bedroom the
woman that lived it before left little
piano needs I need to get Ronnie the
tuna though he's not funny but I need to
get down here because he was the one
that did the one in the woods last time
I just discovered that the hot water
actually works going up again wow that's
awesome
I'm liking upstairs yes I think my
feelings yeah
boy this is quite a big hallway as well
this is my this is big is that where
you're sleeping tonight
this is nice sit down have a little sit
at your desk there's your Despero see
you in a bit you're gonna edit vlog
that's why he's sleeping tonight
Oh what musics do you know arts you do
like so this is cool I think this will
be sound studio so I think I'll set up
like podcast yeah
vibes in here guys I've got to head back
I've got a super interesting call which
I'll tell you about when I get back to
the office I will see you soon
farewell for now we're just jumping in
the car so I completely forgot to film a
clip yesterday explaining what you're
about to see so that you actually
understand what is happening the other
day my assistant gone email saying I've
got a delivery for Alfie is there any
way that we can send it to him it's
quite important that it gets to him I
would really really appreciate it and
well of course so we gave the woman an
address to send something to we had no
idea what she was gonna send we got told
it was an internship but I mean that
doesn't say much this arrived in the
post office your package self opened it
and it says used me to get the message
out of the bottle so we opened it will
sat in the office together pulled this
the message comes out we still at this
point have no idea what we're like
anything at all are you ready to jump on
board something special is on its way
still have no idea what's going to turn
up then we get the biggest delivery in
the entire world in the biggest box ever
and literally this and it says the
internship and there is a legit custom
built wooden ship in here
and then if you guys can see the logos
on there they go like the PB logo and
everything and just spin the box it says
take a look the back here says the
internship in this box you'll find three
flash types that will help you figure
out what this is use the flash drives in
the right order you will also find an
instruction guide read this for more
information this still doesn't say too
much
the internship though that that's got to
be something so we open it up and that's
this an instructions guide and it's
basically like an unbelievable hand made
like booklet and a bloomin ship from a
girl who lives in the Netherlands I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna give her name or
any details of her away in case she
doesn't want that online everything like
it's time for me to tell you why I made
all of this why I want to do this and
why I want to do it at your company
this girl here has applied for an
internship at the new company that I'm
creating just like out the blue just
like just being super proactive and
using her initiative and just doing it
so then we open this little box here and
inside here there's a little letter and
there's three flash drives three USBs
one says what one says why and one says
who and we all sat down the team in the
office over there we sat down together
and we watched these and each one was
like a 10 or 12 minute vlog of the girl
sitting down talking about what she
wants to do and suffer for the new
company why she wants to do it and who
she is what her experiences and what
skills she can bring to the table and
I'm like this is just insane like I've
had people get me blue the time emailing
me just to my email saying that they
want to apply for a job at the company
which that alone blows my mind because I
haven't even revealed too much about the
new company and what we're working on
what kind of roles were looking to hire
but this girl like went straight at it
being like I don't want to apply for a
job I want to apply for an internship
I'm willing to fly over from the
Netherlands and just help you guys and
show you how bloody good I am at what I
do I'm gonna I'm gonna
of this I'm gonna show this I'm gonna
make such an impact on you so instantly
I was like right guys we need to get in
touch with this girl this is crazy we
need to chat to her see what she's
saying this is just who call this is
like too amazing to not jump on skype or
jump on a call or fly her over or
something so that's exactly what we did
we put some time in the diary and what
you're about to see is me jumping on
skype and chatting to her just so
original creative like I see so many
people applying for creative roles in
jobs and companies and especially when I
was looking to hire obviously now I've
got a an in-house designer and
photographer but when I was looking to
hire that role so many people applied
for the job but in their CV they didn't
show how creative they are they just
said that they're creative this is like
shoving the creativity in my face I love
that so cool anyways just thought I'd
update you before you get confused by
random Skype call that I didn't explain
contacts and contact hey how's it going
that ya know this side we've been like
super blown away we absolutely love it
it's so called we've been watching other
videos and that we love all the work and
effort that's gone into it so yeah I
just wanted to jump have a chat see what
you're saying see what you're thinking
now and seeing what what the next steps
really are so I guess like creative
stuff this side the things that we're
kind of working on at the moment like
really hard is I think the best way for
me going forward would be keeping aware
of your skills and what what you can do
I definitely think that I definitely
than the Sun that we can do together and
we can I don't know and potentially fly
you over and we can work on some cool
stuff but I just wanted to jump on skype
and say then we absolutely loved love
what you've done yeah we're excited very
excited
I literally just fell asleep halfway
through eating my dinner just woke up on
the floor in the front room that is when
you know you're tired
just feel us left my camera down here
for the last like oh and my phone the
last like three or four hours so there's
a couple of things that I want to sit
and chat with you guys about it is
currently it's currently like one
o'clock in the morning I mean that's
your first thing I should chat about is
the last clip that you've just seen in
the blog is me getting time-lapse of my
haircut did just have my haircut it's
currently super floppy because I'm going
hair product in it so I'm just what to
Helen I'm super happy Evette hair's
looking good
I was kinda tempted to just go super
short like number two all over just like
almost bored but like this long hair
decided not to think of my doing when
it's summer just feel like a drastic
change if I don't like it I just wear
hat for a couple of months not really
first haven't had like a drastic haircut
in a while so I didn't do it didn't do
in the end the other thing I wanted to
talk about something that happened this
morning that I think I told you about
the beginning of the vlog but I don't
know if I actually followed it up this
morning
ten o'clock myself and my advisor had
the last interview with a potential
brand partnership manager so that's a
role for the new company somebody that's
jumping on board the person that I'm
speaking about I'd already been
interviewed once by my advisor this was
the second interview with myself being
involved this time as well and it's kind
of like evolved let me just explain what
the role kind of is so basically
obviously as you know I work with brands
on videos on projects on campaigns on
Instagram on Twitter and social like
snapchat of Facebook on YouTube on my
gaming channel on my main channel on the
podcast once I launch the podcast
there's always like brands occasionally
involved and one thing that I'm super
clear about when I work with brands is
that the goal for me isn't to do as many
brand deals as possible like that's not
what I'm interested and you guys can see
that I produce so much content online
every single day like I'm making videos
and then it often very spawned like that
they're not really I don't often do
and that's because I'm in a position
where I earned enough money to not have
to work with brands that I don't want to
work with like I'm very very picky with
the companies that I work with because I
have such a loyal relationship with you
guys and you come at first over anything
else that I wouldn't ever want to push a
brand or product in front of you you
guys be like what the heck was that and
me like it not just like it just
wouldn't work so I'm super super picky
with the brands that I work with
so we've now this morning had the last
interview fastforward interview went
incredibly well we offered the person
the job they accepted the job they're
starting on Monday the brand manager so
that role is basically sorting out brand
partnerships with companies and working
to just make some really really solid
brand integrations sponsored content put
it simply directly with companies that I
absolutely love like for example one
company there were recently DJI drones
you guys saw the the video that I did
back when we were with the saris family
and I did the sponsored video with the
DJI drone I already use all of their
products like they're the drones that I
use so being able to do a sponsored
video with someone like DJI drones I
already used an own all of their
products so unbelievable so I've now
hired somebody whose sole job it is is
to just make amazing relationships with
all of my favorite brands so that when I
do do sponsored videos and stuff and a
brand jumps and Morden helps one of my
crazy big ideas of reality because often
with sponsored stuff it's me going to
brands to ask them to get involved
because I've come up with an idea in my
head that I'm like you I can't do this
by myself I need somebody else to help
me out or the other way around where
brands like oh we've got a new app a new
game a new book a new drone whatever it
is and we we want an audience between
this age in this age or in who live in
this country to to to see our product
that is your audience Alfie would you
like to promote it and then and then
obviously if the product is something
that I
naturally like and reduce and it was
rather than with him we'd get talking
but the key here is that I've now got
somebody on my side so the brand deals
like that I get offered aren't just
going to be coming into my inbox I've
got somebody whose full-time job is is
to go out to my favorite brands my
favorite companies that I want to work
with and go and talk with them on my
behalf and say this is what Alfie is
currently doing he would love you to get
involved with his project with his
podcast with his videos so it's going to
be sick it's gonna be it's super super
exciting the person we offered a job we
had me to an interview at 10 o'clock
offer them the job at about half past
eleven they accepted the job by like
half twelve or something so super super
exciting I thought I'd let you guys know
that the the team is growing and
obviously you guys saw the internship
stuff earlier on in the vlog that was
like yeah that that's just crazy like
that situation slightly different
because it's not somebody applied for a
job it's somebody wanting an internship
that's not something that I've ever
thought about doing like I've never
really thought about like someone wanted
an internship at my company so we left
it as you saw on a no of like we would
love to work with you we'd love what you
do what you've done let's just both keep
each other in mind and when I'm working
on projects if I think that you can jump
on and get involved we'll fly you over
come over come sit in the office
especially when we got the new office
come sit in the new office let's get
working together and you can jump on
board really really cool
the next thing I want to speak about
what was there what was the next thing I
wanted speak about there was something
else I saw a tweet earlier somebody
tweeted me or is a couple of days ago or
something I saw it I don't know what I
was searching I was like and it was
about a quote that I had tweeted about
just like just go and bloom and do it
and he got me thinking and I'm just like
I try and relay this message to you in
as many videos as I possibly can but I
just wanted to end this blog by sitting
down and just saying something that's
super super clear in fact in fact I was
watching a video of one of my friends
called Gary Vaynerchuk and he said
something the other day in there and it
sounds super blunt and it is quite blunt
but for me I get I like
live I feed off of this kind of stuff
and the woman went up to him in his
video and said Gary can I have one piece
of advice three words
just one piece and he was in the car he
had the window down she ran up with like
an iPhone filming so one bit of advice
Gary three words and he said you're
gonna die like you're gonna die it's
that simple at some point you were gonna
die just don't be that person that is 92
in a care home too ill to do anything
and have regrets like knife can be sure
in fact life is short as a whole just
life is short if there's something you
want to do screw that person who's
telling you you can't do it even if that
person is your sister your brother your
mom your boyfriend whoever it is don't
listen to them if there's something that
you want to do in your life is your life
like you've got to live the life that
you want whether that's your boss
telling you that you're not good enough
or you can't do anything to screw that
boss in the evenings every evening when
you get back from work at 5 o'clock 6
o'clock start working on something that
you absolutely love and turn that into
your job over time I'm not saying this
is gonna happen tomorrow but I'm saying
you're gonna be sat there for 45 years
in the job that you absolutely hate or
maybe five years of a job that you
absolutely hate but every single minute
that you're not at that door you're
working your butt off whatever it is
that you love doing this your passion
and then after there's five years of
grinding the next 40 years aren't sat in
that same job they're sat in the new job
that you bloody love I just don't want
anyone watching these videos and I know
that 99% of people are gonna be watching
this being like yeah okay that's cool I
get it and then you're gonna stop
watching the video the video is gonna
end you're gonna go to bed you're gonna
wake up the next day and you're not
going to be as driven I really want you
watching this video to have a job and
work a job day in day out that it
doesn't feel like you're working
something that you love so much that
you're so passionate about that you
literally wake up on a Monday morning
excited to go to work that you're not
waiting for that Friday
five six seven PM whatever time we
finished work to have the weekend off
then you are literally waking up in a
Monday like I'm excited to get back to
work because I bloody love it and that
is possible it might seem far away it's
gonna be worth it it may suck for a few
years whilst you're grinding it's
ridiculously hard and washer in the
middle of that grinding process you're
gonna be sitting there thinking why the
bloody hell am I literally get him
getting back from work and then
basically working again for free because
you are turning the cogs of that machine
to be beneficial in the future and boy
will it be worth it when you're sitting
in the office the job at the desk at the
workstation whatever the job possibly is
in the art studio doing the thing that
you bloody love and you can say that is
your job that is how you earn your money
that's how I'm gonna leave today's video
guys I just want it to be at the
forefront of your brain is yourself
you're not living your life for anybody
else is your life you've got to live it
you're gonna die at some point that's a
fact I'm gonna die at some point so I'm
gonna do every bloody thing I can whilst
on 100% here to make sure that I'm doing
doing something I enjoy and if that
means that you're gonna have to miss out
going to the pub of your friends on that
Friday night or going for dinner with
whoever it is over there or go to the
cinema then that's what you're gonna
have to do all right I'm gonna end the
vlog here guys thank you so much for
watching if you've enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up I spent a ton of time today
reading through all the comments on the
new vlog and also a snapchat and all of
your comments and stuff so if you do
leave a comment I probably will read it
the likelihood is that well I do read
more comments
let's see how many thumbs I can get the
video subscribe if you're not already
and tomorrow's an exciting day we're
heading over to a gym place to go and
try and buy the rest of the gym
equipment for the gym I mean I don't
know else the gym equipment would go if
it wasn't in the gym that's about it so
I'll see you in the morning good night
guys
