oh look at that I don't like that that's
weird stop thank you Mike I'm gonna have
to break up with you to carry on
good morning guys good morning how you
doing well on the new camera today so
then we know we think of it let me know
we think of the quality let me know we
think of the audio let me know what you
think of everything about it in the
comments because I've never used this
coming before it is brand new I've never
ever seen anyone vlog with it before
it's brand new
so don't know so they know what you're
going to think about I'm still super
tanned
super dad this is day two it is Saturday
today today I was in meetings all of
yesterday so then end up filming much to
the plan for the vlog was to get my mom
to voice over the only issue is that I'm
yet to ask my mom if she's free today
I asked poppy oz like poppy you're gonna
voiceover my blog today this was
yesterday obviously she was like now I'm
in London like three days as ah okay so
I think I'm going to try and get my mum
- voiceover make into something funny
you would have already seen it by now
and if she can't if everyone's busy then
I was going up for a lot I woke up to
Zoey watching what is this gladiator
which is loving it like the proper old
school program gladiator look at that
look at everyone's haircut Oh No okay
that worked out okay oh my god I look so
hard if anyone who works on Ninja
Warrior is watching this vlog please can
Zoe and I come and try it one day please
whirring it's harder Ninja Warrior is
yeah it's more like an intense hardest
like you have to be stronger version of
this this is just like funny and so cool
nice try
okay if anyone knows of anywhere where
there's a really cool assault course
like there must be like adult assault
courses let us know in the comments of
the Zoey and I can go and try it one day
yeah
yes and a look at his kids his wife is
so happy oh my gosh the kids could be
watching this and it's crack Corvettes
in this video and the need to have some
breakfast it's nine minutes plus ten in
the morning
Niall is fast asleep you tired
lil Poochie just finished editing up the
vlog and as you've seen from yesterday's
video if you watched it I've stripped
off all of the audio but I haven't had
anybody voice over it yet I'm thinking
even my mum poppy probably in London so
that we difficult maybe like Casper or
markers or I don't know you haven't
decided obviously it's got got tonight
so I'm good to get somebody who can
voice-over today like as soon as
possible if you think I've just peed on
myself I haven't I just spilt water
everywhere I don't know how and it
usually comes ready to miss my mouth
also I got a new jumper do you like it
so I think something that I want to sort
out not necessarily today but over the
next week or so is looking in to start
doing some more like classes or group
activities or things with friends like
going to play tennis with friends or
gonna play badminton with friends or
joining an adult gymnastics class and
things like that
I want to get more into doing activities
in sports because I fell out over the
last couple of years with YouTube being
so busy and doing so many different
things ninja warriors on this is what
was it she talked about a minute ago I
want to try it so bad I just haven't
really done it I haven't really done
about many sports and activities and
growing up that's all I did
now as soon as I finish school not be
like going to so many different things
and doing everything competitively and I
miss it I miss it so I'm going to going
to run couple my friends I've got a
tennis match on Monday against Dave and
potentially game of badminton afterwards
but I'd love to just get into more
things regularly rather than just going
every now and again I'd love to make
tomorrow like every Tuesday evening I go
rock climbing every Thursday blah blah
blah a tennis like I don't know together
I'm saying I don't I'm going to eat my
cereal though is one up it with the
breakfast looks so much better than my
cereal
you don't like this idea I'm just not
the biggest fan of toast and I'm also
not the biggest fan of Tomatoes don't
really know why because I love bread and
sandwiches but just not really toast
we've just jumped in the class and we're
heading off to my mum and dads because
mum is going to record the voiceover now
that's coming with us to come and hang
out at that joint you
you're going to go see buzzy bullying Oh
blooming out my window wipers are going
for it is raining when I've lost in the
car so just got to mom and dad's now you
ready yeah we're going to teach mum how
to voiceover my vlog so I'm edges all
painted every day please plug in the
headphones for how to like do the boys
over and stuff I'm going to have one
case I can help we've got little
headphone splitter you ready mom yeah
yeah you know you got a notebook oh my
gosh moms getting official buzzing boy
you're gonna help out I feel like what
you watch might dictate what you want to
say as well I'm so quiet it's a quite
visual ring yeah okay we're going to
plug that in there
this should allow you Enzo in theory to
listen at the same time and now I'm
going to do called voiceover it's only 5
minutes 1 second but then obviously
you've got the intro and outro so that's
15 seconds and your mum in this you guys
need to come out they record in are you
guys going - voiceover another one
because I'm making all their night this
is the scenes it's all done so done how
was that was it hard it was hard he was
really good really good
I know I don't know what I said no
mister although the timings getting of
the right
I'm trying to do is it lip-sync yeah
yeah trying to grab it lip-sync my name
you turn the volume up on the clip yeah
so the volume is kind of low but you
might grind everything I don't know
because it no this is going up tonight
this has got it tomorrow women elbow
coming in let's go outside the mum and
dad off to go and visit my grandma as
you know she broke her arm and stuff so
she's still in the hospital
instead of taking buzz with them to the
hospital we thought we would have him
here so these two can cause some terror
what's that you found
what's this fuzzy boy you love this
don't you
gun em I didn't realize how orange I in
fact look I just been looking at some of
the footage from today on this camera
which I'm really really liking the
camera but I look so orange but I think
it's because yesterday when I was
filming I didn't put anything on my face
today I put like a tinted moisturizer
and I think it's tinted my beard to make
it look quite gingery quite at oranjee
so I feel like I feel like I look quite
orange orange in today's blog well
example a racquetball today with my
parents I haven't played racquetball in
like years or racquetball or squash we
probably end up playing both of them but
I don't want to wear because I know I'm
going to get hot so I should probably
wear gym code but I think I might stick
to tracksuit bottoms Wow oh my gosh I
look so tanned in this light
in real life I don't look this orange
like a doing this camera guys I think I
might wear this t-shirt and keep my
tracky bottoms on Zoe's never play
before it don't have anything I wear mom
and dad on the way as well
you're relieved you guys here I know in
data playing we bought some bottles here
just finished up playing dad I looked
and I knock you pathetic guys but cannot
get over the house and I'm looking at
the moment in real life I don't look as
tired as you guys were seeing currently
mom and okay each other and then good
they're actually really really get so
he's definitely improving so much they
are hopefully they are half-jewish
they're having fun so I want to get this
on video Zoe what you just said I would
rock climb with a harness faltering
scares me because there's nothing there
at all but I would like I love you so
much
I was very saying she's going to do this
which is rock climbing about and drop
that bit there is no harness that's
bouldering but this but here's what
climbing is you nonsense
I think it might be electric you know if
it does it for you Anthony I'm actually
feeling quite tired you know guys we've
just got home about an hour ago
these two are playing non-stop buzz
loves this toy fuzzy boy let me see the
message yes let me see
gun them oh now let's got it buzzes got
it what we're cooking up we've got a pie
without smash we love vegetables you've
got a ton of chicken that's been
marinated in like garlic stuff we got
all we've got tons of them in Jenny's we
could have to dessert we've got six
seven different jellies I'm not getting
you tired you're really tired let me see
let's see em let's get booked after
using this camera all day so far I think
just from like watching footage back and
just I had a little look at it on the
computer earlier I think I'm going to
return this camera to the shop because I
love I love the look at the camera I
don't know I want to love it more than
what I do love it and it was a super
expensive camera is 500 pounds and I
think that there's not enough difference
like it's not any better than my g7x
which I was using before like it this is
a nice camera but I wouldn't say it's
better than my previous camera so
tomorrow better pop into town at some
point or Monday and return and I did
when I bought it I spoke to the people
so now I might return their lunch when I
test it out and they're like yeah that's
fine so they already know I might be
returning it and I think I've decided I
am I mean feel free to comment and let
me know because if I do this handle
office I could buy not one if you guys
all happen to be like no we love to
healthy but I thought like it's making
me feel like the colors aren't a true
representation of what the colors are
like in real life and that's the big
thing when it comes to vlogging I don't
know I didn't just thought I'd let you
know
let's back up into the old camera this
looks so much better buddy boy that is
not for you no no no no no
oh that's Nala I just got my own dog
wrong dinner tonight looks so good I've
got two portions of chicken mashed
potato veg and creamy cauliflower come
on in buddy boy happy yeah good boy sit
down fuzzy
sit good boy now you're staying here
mister I'm gonna go and drop buzzy home
I'm gonna get at your home buzz yes you
mummy and daddy can we talk about how
sick the new store mr. John is back home
after dropping buzzy boy back to my
parents we're watching Evans live show
you're talking about your other channels
of pointless bold pointless bulge
apparently that someone's username on
Instagram is pointless bulge I mean you
learn something new every day I remember
back in March 2013 somebody made an
account for pointless penis and they
were tweeting yeah we said imagine if
you go on an Instagram account pointless
bulges or just inappropriate zooming in
my face should be doin it every man I
love you if you're watching this if
you're not I'm sure other people are
going to tell you that I love you now
Zoe what you made me one you surprised
me with though he's made a desert rustic
eat in bed while oh my gosh two spoons
as well whilst watching episode 5 of
Santa Clarita diet I don't even
yeah
it looks disgusting in my camera so I
can write gamma in a vault okay guys
it's melted chocolate with which every
witness again shredded shredded wheat
just shredded wheat with melted
chocolate it's kind of like you know
when your kid in the Easter done if you
guys have done this or whether this is
just on an I did though you didn't roll
in here when you make Easter nests out
chocolate and then you put mini eggs in
it I like that there's not is that and
in a minute I'm eating out of a bowl
with a spoon each just so everybody this
is a couple's goals
you see those bits and Instagram couple
was wearing the most expensive diamond
jewelry on yachts on private jets and
everyone's like goals goals goals we got
to brimming spoons and some chocolate
shredded we in bed this is the real
couples goals in fact you know what I'm
going to end my vlog now just because
then we can chill eat this watch from TV
it's 20 minutes past 9:00 and we're in
bed on the Saturday but I mean crazy
there's another couples goal in bed
together 20 minutes past 9:00 we're just
crazy I've been listening to this in the
car that looks like your body is moving
without your head oh look at that I
don't like that that's weird
stop thank you wait I'm gonna have to
break up with you to Gary oh yeah stop
look do you want it break up alright
we're not together zombies over that was
ended everybody end of the block we're
no longer together no more couples got a
minute ago we were the goal was and now
went anyways opal in the neck - no I'm
just realized what woody mum saying yes
to this video the one that went up
tonight yesterday the years and people
to show how my mum said she winced me my
mum tagged and dragged me in my own
video she voiced over my blog
I'm really excited about it tomorrow I'm
going to do a shout out to ten of you
bloomin egg right I'm going to shout out
what did you have my new ticket what my
throat because next stuck in it
one of you've got a notification turned
on and that person is lit she's just
tweeted me screenshot of my
notifications if you haven't already
done it go down below subscribe and
press the little bell button get my
notifications on and that is Sophie
Latin
so the unser laughs and underscore kiss
I've been subscribed to you for ages now
there were investigations on just as
long I love your daily vlogs and I
always watch them thank you so much
Sophie thank you thank you thank you
now I Owen have a 9 shout out I'm just
going to say random people Molly hook
wait Millie be 1984 78 Nicole C 188
Molly art Michaela Morris puggy 1 2 3 4
5 6 7
Tiffani Jane and roast Lika I think
their name is rope I think his name is
ro Laren ma JC waters Jack Mac my loo 37
Caitlyn Gallinger this is probably more
than 9 now I just learned a couple extra
just in case for having benign plot
underscore Saffy and Ashley gaskey
probably pronounce everyone's names on
that and I know and me you're on the ten
shout outs thank you so much mum for
reminding me to do that to remind me to
shout out some more people in the vlogs
spread the love spread happiness guys in
life remember to do more of what makes
you pay well what makes you poop eat any
nothing to me
laxatives coffee tac-19
anyways guys getting distracted I'm
going to eat my chakra machine - alright
embed of what makes you happy in life do
more for make happy even if that's
laying in bed 9 o'clock on a blooming
Saturday slaying in bed eating chocolate
watching Netflix with your girlfriend
your boyfriend your mom your dog get
uncle whoever it is that by yourself I
will see you whoa look at that sorry it
looks like they're on like a swing
doesn't actually look like that do that
whilst I do this is my head why Amy
don't you
you don't like a snake I've seen the
money guys oh the video thumbs up if you
enjoyed it go down below smash with a
big old thumbs up I'll catch you
tomorrow good night okay also I
completely forgot to check I forgot to
say there was a new episode of Zachary
Sims that were not yesterday for you
today for me my mom forgot to mention it
in the video when she was boosting over
but a new episode is out for Sims has
gone up the link is down below go check
it out now go show it some love not many
of you have seen it go check it out
see you in the morning and you want to
say okay cool good night guys anything
you wanna say
Mack
