good morning guys and how are you today
Oh God look at me uncovered I've had my
fake can wicked looking all right I'm
sort of a bit concerned about Ivan I
hope I didn't leave any marks on the bed
and let me have a look they did suggest
in my oh now I've done all right
actually that's nothing there at all oh
that's okay no problem at all some
little to check on Zoe she's not here
much your wishes oh oh my oh okay sorry
not quite sure what that is I'm hoping
it's your face can are you in there
Zoe Zoe you is oh not looking so good
okay I'm going to go downstairs and
leave you to it and you might want to
try and get the rest of that off okay
he's down here somewhere
oh there's a lot of noise are brother
and sister together here they are
good morning and load buddy boy you know
my favourite one upside knowledge there
shouldn't be saying that I'm just gonna
I think I need to get myself a glass of
water I'm just thinking about this
tanning like when you sit in the Sun and
you dehydrate a bit I wonder if it's the
same your face turning and then that
kind of bit odd but I think yeah I'm
going to drink you should drink two
liters of water a day anyway so you're
in charge because one going through a
shower now look after NOLA I'm so
looking forward to the show Ivan had one
for two weeks guys both brainy I'm not
sure is this fake tan or is it dirt it's
it's two weeks worth of products I'm not
sure could be any of them I might share
more often okay guys well I'm out the
show and I have to admit I really
enjoyed that I'm not quite sure why I
leave it to every two weeks so in future
I think I'm gonna I'm going to do that
more often I think it's good for my skin
I mean I was looking at myself and I'm
seeking you and look even demand my face
here I think you know the bit of
cleansing it's more product in my hair
obviously I think yeah I'm going to go
set my Nala oh look at you little
sweetheart
Oh bud isn't here which Buster's here
with us
then my heart so tired I can't tell you
guys I've had 20 meetings days
back-to-back
that's that means no res no timeout just
about had time to go to the toilet and
then I'm back again I'm not even sure
about managed to eat anything to be
honest with you but you know we've been
talking about these amazing amazing
plans that I have for the future there's
so many I can't do lots of really
exciting things coming up but you know
as usual it's going to be at least five
years before I can discuss those with
you well laughs I know I know you don't
believe it but believe me I will tell
you but just not now it's all in my
little head sir she is my gorgeous
girlfriend hello little one Oh smaller
come on let's go for a walk get mommy to
get your coat on and it put mummy's coat
I got 30 years I couldn't decide is that
NOLA or Zoey in that coat right let's go
then we're going to go out for little
walk put your coat on Nala a bit wet out
there and it's dark Zoe she's P Zoe
don't run up Zoe go run away pick it up
Zoe now I've got picking up are you just
wait here you are use the food bag you
use you didn't pick it up
I was quite exhausting that dog walking
laughs I mean Oh McMahon that slaw I was
masking ten minutes I'm going to have
mom so she does a 45-minute one with
buzz every day because tell you ten
minutes
I'm exhausting makes me want to blow
trumpets who's at the door now come with
it oh oh my lovely since I just adore
her she made my heart jump for joy but
not you're smiling at you got this one
in a minute a hard phone would you I
fine ha ha ha so happy so you guys I
can't stop I'm still laughing to myself
because Zoe isn't happy about the far
she doesn't come to bed yet she's done
still not forgive me
ok so guys it's been another fun day
I've really enjoyed filming what I've
been up to I feel like I've crammed lots
of things in for you and lots of things
I can talk about a lot singers usually I
can talk about but hey ho so now it's
that time of night it's the shout out
time and this evening I'm going to cult
do a shout out and it's a grace so grace
if you're out there hopefully you'll see
this it's your night don't forget guys
give the video a thumbs up and subscribe
below if you haven't already
so and I've decided I'm really excited
about this tomorrow I'm going to do a
shout out to ten of you so good night
and Connor
