2014 LP come on back good morning guys
I'm super happy today because I've just
woken up to a Starbucks that's so good I
haven't had one of these I don't me the
loss of I have one of these really this
is I can't fridge situation but now I
just need to fit all of this insider you
are so obsessed with radiators aren't
you is it because they're nice and warm
so today's plan of action is to sort out
my diet after going to the gym yesterday
I've realized how much I miss it and how
much fun I was having training every
single one right before Christmas guys I
was training Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday I was training five days
a week and I was eating better
I was cooking more it's all gone it's
ruined I don't work out I eat really
badly I eat a lot of crap food that's
the same as eating badly it's because I
stopped working out so starting right
now starting today we're gonna head to
town we're gonna buy tons of top web
boxes
we're gonna hit Holland and Barrett and
see if there's just anything healthy and
good that I can actually smoothies and
stuff and there may be tomorrow actually
I've got tons of meetings tomorrow at
some point soon we're gonna hit the
butchers and get tons of free-range
chicken we're gonna buy tons of rice
we're gonna buy tons of vegetables we're
gonna buy tons of healthy good food and
I'm gonna start food prepping I'm gonna
start making my food every Monday for
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and
then Thursday I'm gonna cook it for
Friday Saturday Sunday so I'm gonna cook
food twice a week for the entire week
healthy food the right amount of carbs
the right amount of protein the right
amount of calories like I'm feeling
really good I only ran three K yesterday
in the gym but just that tiny bit of
exercise that tiny bit of working out
and getting back into the routine of
going to the gym that's giving me what I
need to feel myself to get going and get
my butt back in the gym I should
probably put a jumper on before we go to
town because it's like raining tonight
is exciting guys tonight that's about so
I'm not gonna tell you what I'm doing
tonight I don't want it to be a surprise
but it was definitely the thumbnail and
the title in this video myself poppy Zoe
maybe sure and I don't even know we're
going to be getting
break-ins tonight this is something that
I've been speaking about my blogs for
for the last couple of weeks saying that
I want to do it and tonight we're doing
that like we've booked it we've got
people coming to the house a company
coming to the house we've got two people
coming and spray-tanning us I just got
to town now and for the first time in so
long it's actually not very cold this is
the reason why I've come to town
everybody buy Tupperware Tupperware toby
is back that's fancy we've got a couple
of different options kind of things
we've got stuff like this this one we
got your food in different bits it's not
really big enough though I think I need
to go and get a basket hey hey then good
I couldn't help myself guys I just
popped into Urban Outfitters on the way
out and kind of got three things just
popped into Jessup's which I shouldn't
have done and I've been persuaded to
check out this new camera here so I'm
gonna I'm gonna buy it now I don't know
I do it to myself I just popped I just
popped into Jessup's on the way home
which is a camera shop but I'm so fed up
that these cameras look like now wasn't
InFocus these cameras just keep on
breaking to break in and break in and
they're so expensive to fix so I want to
just try something different I want to
try something new as you know I've
wanted to for a while now and I went in
and Panasonic brought out a camera last
Wednesday they had that shop hadn't even
sold one yet this is how new this camera
is there wasn't how much details or
feedback about it because they had only
just got it in stock so he told me that
all like the lens all like the
resolution all about the quality of it
and stuff and I compared it to this
camera and it looks so much better than
this camera that one now but I couldn't
just the audio so I don't know what the
audio is going to be like hopefully
fingers crossed it's really really good
and this is hopefully going to be my new
vlogging camera if not I can return it
back to the shop for a full refund so
it's so good and you ready to get fake
turns away
countless from lit record flatly oh why
is that impressive I'm pretty sure
there's an account on Instagram called
anything count dedicated to flatly yeah
some people love that I love you
thinking how many counts that are
dedicated just to people like cutting
Sam you seen stuff like that one extra
you know like this all this satisfaction
yeah yeah are you ready to get
spray-tanned yeah
what's happening they've sold me I need
to get there I haven't even tried it yet
she was looking at the new camera no
that's for tomorrow's vlog you know I
you know we haven't put a memory card
yes we haven't tested any footage she
was just having to play around with it
you like it yeah I need to get 100 cents
but we haven't tried it yet well
actually try it went to these guys leave
their review what they think of it and
everything in the other room we've got
two people over there names are not
Sally and Molly what are their names
or Lauren Jemima
it's not Jemima were their names Paul
and John yes if we're gonna get it wrong
we may as well just get it pop what you
go ask them take my card we can film now
don't ask them for me do we have to do
it naked
what the heck yeah I have it on my head
you want if we're gonna spoil it first
so I need put this on this is like a
what's it called you know it's like the
dinner ladies after where these yeah oh
okay
I've got my little hairnet thing on my
head
burning my bum cheeks done
yeah go on yes I said you guys is this
nice and polite now yeah they do work
tomorrow morning
oh yeah we'll see after I'm going golden
2014 healthy comeback
they already looked really good
so I'm had two coats so far I think
we're about to go for a third you sure I
just finished the third layer look at
the difference good luck wait strike
that pose get that good bear arms is
right it's my face already
is it ready charge there's my face
riri-chan 2014 alpha is back everybody
you asked for it it's back Zoe's
currently can't add look at your stomach
show them your stomach look at the
difference
Zoe is gone the shade of golden I've
gone original though he's gone golden
it's kind of similar yeah it carried on
very gradually like tanning you and
stuff and it suits to your skin tone and
then when we fall asleep tonight it
carries on and carries on and then we
wake up tomorrow we have a shower and
the tons of it comes off so we're not
this isn't the finished product color
you're gonna have to wait till
tomorrow's mug to see that just because
there is no finished product until we
have a shower tomorrow morning big thank
you to the company fake baked who came
down and they've done it for us this
isn't sponsored we just asked them if we
could get a spray tan and they're like
yeah of course we'll come down we'll do
it for free so they've literally come
down they said them they're willing to
teach us how to do it and then we'll get
the equipment and just have to do it
each other whenever whenever we want
because this lasts like seven days yo
look at me look at my back
any less masculine for having a fake to
know I don't care at all pop you just
said if somebody asks you better fake
what you're gonna say and I'm like I'm
proud it's fake at least you're not
going on sunbeds so many not going on a
sunbed and do you know what I'm not
spending hundreds of thousands of pounds
to go on holiday I just got it done in
ten minutes
dinnertime guys we've got some veg sweet
potato fries and some salmon so these
guys have been watching Bridget Jones
this is the look before their showers
tomorrow Sean looks like he's literally
been on holiday see you later guys it's
time to get into bed and I'm feeling and
looking incredibly tanned although it's
good because once we wash it off
tomorrow most of this is all gonna come
straight off in the shower I need to do
two things before I go to bed I need to
chat with you about a meeting that I had
recently you guys know about the meeting
I've been telling you about the meeting
and I also need to give the shout out of
the vlog looks really fast shoulda
meeting first or do we do the shout at
first chatter is ready let's talk about
the meeting so don't if it was last week
or the week before but I told you guys
that I was meeting with my book
publishers the people that did the
points burp on his foot too and
scrapbook of my life just about planning
future stuff together
this wasn't a meeting that we were gonna
particularly do that we hadn't learned
we didn't have it planned I see all the
time online and especially at Christmas
it was going bigger Christmas is there
gonna be a point in this book three I
don't know why everyone wants trilogies
but apparently you've got three books on
new Zoey going on limes three pointers
book is two and everybody's asking for a
three and everybody's asking for another
book tour
scrapbook of my life was incredibly hard
to do like that was honestly so much
work that book mom did a lot of digging
my mom and dad finding memories and
things from when I was younger
where was the pointless books just more
fun like it's a book it is but it's not
like a writing book it's like there's
barely any words in the book it's more
just like a fun journal activity book
and I've had a couple of meetings with
mobile publishers about possibly doing a
pointless book three just super fun
super silly involving tons of new pages
some of your favorite pages from the
previous two and it's looking like a
thing I think I'm gonna say we're gonna
do it but I just wanted to chat to you
guys first before anything is a hundred
percent official but I've had so many of
you requests into this third book
because things come in trilogies and on
the shelves
and on the shelves it would be sick to
have one two three all in a line like
you know and that push together at the
back you guys have gone crazy with the
first two of those books like the first
one has sold ridiculous copies but I
never thought the people would enjoy so
much people have multiple copies because
they filled it out once and want to do
it again and that's what relates to the
second one and now I'm like do I just
release the third one because it's super
fun it's super silly it's not like a big
novel book that we have to all like I
wouldn't have to take time out of my
vlogs to make this possible I could do
it alongside my vlogs and I think we do
it I think I do it and I get you guys
involved as well and you guys jump on it
and you guys can design some pages and
I'll put your name in the book and put I
just wanted to talk to you first and we
make it really really fun and you guys
are really heavily involved and I'll
vlog the whole process of like designing
the pages and show you it as we go along
but I just wanted to talk about it and
ask your opinion on what you think in
the comments
it'll be it'll be fun I think it's gonna
be fun I think it's gonna be really
really good bye just wanted to ask you
guys first so let me know what you think
about that I think it's gonna be really
really cool like really really also
there's so much new tech and new cool
features that we could put in the book
that have been out since book number two
and now the shadow of the day I'm having
to be quite
because obviously next to me basically
gnarl is fast asleep the shaft after day
goes to Aaron suckle she says it's her
birthday as well on Twitter here in
circle she's got my notifications on and
she says it's her birthday
she's got the balloons going up on our
page and everything you're the shout out
today happy birthday Aaron I'm gonna
treat you a happy birthday now get the
Frogger thumbs-up if you enjoyed it guys
go down below smash it turn more
notifications on subscribe if you're not
already let me know how excited you are
about the potential possibility for this
new book if we want it to happen and I
think it would be cool we could do a
book tour that's what I'm saying it's
another opportunity to do a book tour
right meetups
