you sleep you have to play my buzzer all
of last night he's so tired so have you
seen our dog look at her
oh good morning guys good morning hi yet
no in it is currently exactly exactly 12
o'clock lunch time on the dot
I mean if that clock is right which
probably the clock could be wrong they
know it it's lunch time
how you doing I haven't actually a
breakfast yet today I'm just not feeling
very hungry
I think it's because I had a 17 course
dinner last night for dinner if you saw
yesterday's vlog you will know how crazy
my dinner was I had 17 courses and that
I just can't possibly eat right now I'm
so full up still I've never been like
this my life I love to eat but I just
can't I can't even can't even think
about eating yet remember a while ago in
the vlogs I went to go and view a
property not like a house or flat or
anything and I wasn't allowed to tell
you guys what it was for I'm still not
allowed to tell you but that one wasn't
right and I'm going to go view another
one today which hopefully fingers course
I think is going to be perfect it's for
a crazy new business that I want to do
something just insane
like if this works out this is going to
be the greatest thing I've ever done in
my life and I'm going to go do that
today right now in fact I've got to be
there I'm going to be there exactly all
exactly half an hour it's 12 o'clock on
the dot and then for the rest of the day
I don't really know I think we're just
hanging out in Enzo and I've kind of
like rolled up today because we have a
super busy weekend filming and editing
tons of videos so today is kind of like
it's kind of like a Sunday isn't it yeah
we're just chilling and relaxing I need
to edit the blog off slowly drop nose
I've got a new Sims video going up
tonight which was yesterday for you so I
hope you enjoyed that if you've seen it
if you haven't seen the new Sims
episodes I'll leave a link down below
scrap your weather outside
it's a horrible cold miserable day look
at it look I'm foggy it is crap outside
you offense is still broken as well so
many people comment on my blogs and how
we fix your fence
yeah I need to do that what you want to
ask them yeah fresh fruit how long's
your Twitter pulled up for 24 hours we
can go over they can't finish
we finished guys comment down below now
whether you get your apples I don't know
wise I want to know this in the fridge
or in the fruitball anything you can
it's how you made it right is it what do
you say I'm one of his own people I
actually quite like them when they're
cold and crispy when you move in with
somebody there's so many different
things that you don't think about you
have to try and agree on so and this
probably won't make a difference for
like uni always our stuff when you move
in with a girlfriend or boyfriend or
whoever if you move in with somebody as
a couple there are things that you have
to come to an agreement on and one of
the things is where you put your ketchup
do you get you in the fridge or in the
cupboard again or way to beat your
apples or when you put it in the fridge
or the cupboard because for a while you
kept putting it in the cupboard on the
fridge person thank you add ketchup in
the cupboard yeah and I'm the fridge I
what I do it it's ketchup in the
cupboard so on the bottle it says once
opened keep refrigerated so far so many
people like you have it cold catch up
with a hot meal tastes weird which is
good I like that I wanted to be cold
when you're eating hot foods oh yeah you
do nice cold ketchup on like a nice
McDonald's chair one so I'm so divided
all these really important questions
what else is that whatever things over
how about there I don't think it's gonna
work I'm not going to tell you guys what
it is now I've ordered I've ordered two
of something and put it this way they
come with their own like latex gloves to
use it and on the top it says Made in
India they've come all the way from
India for me to make a crazy blog for
you guys so hopefully the only issue is
that we need good sunlight to be able to
do the things outside and don't really
want to do outside also what fit in the
garden I feel like a brown sauce or the
ketchup is in the bridge the get chopped
is in the fridge and a brown sauce and
the Mayo
here why we can even if Rangers know
that really we've got interest now we've
got grapes in the fridge but apples and
oranges not in the fridge wait we're
doing the oranges in the fridge no yeah
you're it a nice cold orange I'll leave
now you know I'm like I'm always late
everywhere today so I'm going to be
early oh my gosh guys recently I've been
really really digging the old Ed Sheeran
songs like there's so many songs that
bring back so many memories from when I
was younger in like college and stuff
and y'all so so sick I've just finished
out all the money things and everything
for today and I'm free I'm free you know
I can Billy Elliot when you shout some
free at the end of electricity you
probably do the one talking about I'm
about to go pick up some lunch for me
and Zoey and drive home I'm feeling
really really good I'm feeling so good I
need to go and edit the vlog why would I
blog do I use this hand so much why am I
doing this I don't know what this is I
need to stop need to chill and it's got
this I think it's because I'm excited I
have got 58 minutes to somehow get this
vlog up and I have not started X in it
yet and I've got one hour and two
minutes of footage quite a positive note
though new Sims is ready and up and
scheduled to go up at five o'clock so
that's definitely going to be on time I
just need to try and get this done as
quick as possible so that this is so
that this is done in time it's a little
bit later on in the evening finished up
editing my blog uploaded it got the Sims
video done and everything we've just
been chilling taking some time out I
didn't if I told you guys early but so
mean I kind of treat Wednesday's like
some days because our Sunday's are so
busy so we kind of just chill on
Wednesday is mum relying on you like a
pillow you mummy's pillow
she loves it I've been like this like no
no not a look right I'll see you in a
bit
I'm off right yeah I need to get changed
first
I haven't been to the gym since New
Year's since when I will ill I don't
know how it's going to go I'm also
wearing brand new shoes all white ultra
boost even glow in the dark you know I'm
heading off with my mum who does
actually go to the gym like three or
four times a week so I'm actually going
to get my buck but I want to get back
into it oh my gosh these shoes are so
new they look ridiculous I'm wearing all
black and then I've got the whitest
shoes on in the world wherever my black
ones I've got black ultra Buddhist but I
don't know whether this is the issue of
collecting shoes that I don't know at
them
I've got like a really good system will
keep all my shoes in these but for some
reason the shoes that I want to wear
like they're like my old gym shoes and
wear these there we go that's so much
better
I've also got little leggings on
underneath if you're wondering what the
heck I'm wearing I'm going to wear my
hat the entire time because my hair is
hideous today light indifferent it's off
its going to go everywhere so that's
going to get incredibly hot I've also
got the world's biggest
I've also got the biggest water bottle
in the world with me which in my normal
gym which is like bodybuilding muscle
gym everybody has the gym now I'm going
to now is like more of a family vibe
Fitness Gym nobody is going to be having
outrageous bottles like this so probably
going to stand out a little bit Bobby
show them show them for being Shauna
bought a new sofa guys and they thought
it was going to be massive and look at
the size of it show them compared to
your other sofa let me show them
compared to other sofa walk back this is
so funny you're still coming through my
is the size of your coffee table now
just about fit Zoey and no one else
mum's here as well both side by side on
the money machine
I haven't done any proper cardio in a
month and even when I was training in
the gym I wasn't doing like running
jogging and actually I think I could
have probably pushed it to 5k definitely
for K but because I'm not where my
normal shoes they started walking so bad
there's a fight between doing the 5k and
ruining my field lifting stuff or just
leaving it where it isn't
that's my working assumption to the map
now guys it's time to head off good
workout because work is so dead here in
the epen slippery just me and mum so
good we can't get through sorry that's
kind of ringg assist see if she wanted
me to pick any dinner off on the way
home I'm going to pop the Tesco and try
and buy some nice healthy food to perk
up maybe stir-fry maybe some chicken
maybe some porn but I can't get through
there but I don't have a clue what she
wants with it well maybe she'd already
tomasa bin at the gym
it's tricky to learn what to buy so want
to get some chicken first night
and I'd also love to get some fruit but
I don't know what Zoey's got coming
tomorrow so I only want to buy one get
it tonight
Hey look who it is you come to greet me
at the door you come sir no you come to
ask me on my workout was yeah it was
good I kind of want a weird selection of
things vegetable and bean sprouts an egg
and cress sandwich chicken Phillips a
banana as free-range egg noodles but I'm
going to make a stir-fry and then I kind
of saw this and then I kind of saw this
chickens all cooked up come to add a ton
of this in I don't even know if I like
bean sprout
I mean bit too late 10:30 just finish
cooking dinner though he's got some
pasta water sauce I've got a massive
chicken stir-fry
that is my favorite when she rolls
herself over to what said look
whiteboard on that I'm going to end the
vlog super quickly just before I do my
teeth put my braces in and go to bed I
hope you've enjoyed the blood guys the
shelter up today goes to Caitlyn Mannix
she's got a screenshot issues for all my
notifications are taken in Mannix thank
you so much with us poor guys if you've
enjoyed this vlog if it's a big or
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch you tomorrow
where hopefully welcome to use the
things in those packets in the boxes if
there's nice weather after fingers
crossed the sash when I joined what
we're doing tomorrow again spray tans
again so me poppy shorter Zoe again a
spray tan to more evening so I'll see
you then
