come on in little one you sleepy as well
you tired
good morning guys good morning how you
doing
Wow I stayed up until 2:30 last night
researching into this new project that I
want to do and I shouldn't have done
because I wanted to wake up 8:30 to that
I've just woken up in this hot past 10
now so late to wake up I'm going to put
the vlog camera down and get ready as
quick as I possibly can to today that
won't be wasting any more time so just
trying to make a bowl of cereal for
myself poured it all out put my spoon in
the bowl and then they look at with only
milk so I put back in which
disappointing and now I'm eating the
world's most bruised up softest banana
this is like this is my breakfast oh oh
you've eaten all the treats inside
there's nothing in there now Dunham and
then she knows there's nothing in there
just editing the new vlog at the moment
and then in here
Zoey's having lunch and we've both gone
for a massive pasta pot each this is
always very tomato iam vegetable E and
this is mine very plain and very chicken
E and vegetable e Missy none of that is
yours I know you're annoyed I know all I
get tweeted every single day is have you
got your braces in have you like you're
very dead right now we do not have my
braces and the hammer braces in all day
I just took them out now just eat lunch
I am fully wearing my braces every
single day like I'm meant to be doing so
in case you're wondering your boys doing
it so tonight we've got super super
exciting big plans happening the entire
family getting together and going
somewhere crazy
buzzards come over here to hang out here
buddy boy hey buddy boy Amy Amy you know
recently I've been going on and on about
how much better I look because I looked
more healthy more energized more awake
in like 2014 because I was try
in a ton going to multiple holidays a
year traveling all over the world to see
you guys for meetups and book signings
and I got incredibly tanned and I just
looked so much healthier so much more
alive rather than now I'm just like pale
as heck because of this this is why the
weather is like gloomy and raining and
gray so I currently downstairs booking a
spray tan for Thursday
fuzzy boy what have you found for
Thursday evening to get ready for that
bus has found Allah's favorite toy hello
hello goodness you can't just steal the
toy from his mouth that's not possible
just let her take it gone bus get it get
it back mate go on you were playing with
it go on get it he's gone buzzy boys
we've got one oh he got it he got it yes
but yes unlucky unlucky you never lose
you never lose look at Mao's teasing you
I'll get it then go she's got it back
she's got it back gone buddy boy so
tonight myself Zoey
poppy Shan mum and dad will all go into
heston blumenthal
I think that's - Isaac - his crazy
restaurant called The Fat Duck it's like
an hour and a half way from here Zoe
booked it for us for a Christmas present
from her for all the family I don't
really know too much about it
but I believe it's like a 12-course meal
that is in saying like it's got the
weirdest craziest things apparently one
time the wallpaper the wallpaper next to
your table was one of their courses like
was an actual meal you turn man and you
lick the wallpaper they've asked so many
details that each of the person going to
save our site our favorite things what
we do is a job how often we do it if we
travel if we have been what hotels if we
say that like everything like I answered
saying that I collect a lot of shoes
that I love drones that I love cameras
so honestly it wouldn't put it past me
tonight if one of my meals is like flown
in on a drone or something
the
detail that they're putting in to make
these meals bespoke for each person that
visit is going to be insane so I
honestly have no idea what to expect
tonight
and while straightaway we've got a
friend looking after these two haven't
we both of you guys hanging out tonight
whilst we all go to dinner now the
question is what do I wear like I don't
want to go posh but I think it might be
posh I've got my outfit all sorted I
think this is kind of like posh casual
with some black jeans it's a little clot
and now I just need to sort this this
mop out on my head and that is it well
done oh good all right Annie mum over
and in my wallet a Mac easel and I need
a watch if you've been watching these
vlogs for awhile you'll know that I
suffer from read about acid reflux and
then flying out this David Hill for my
chest my acid reflux for the last like
three weeks I want to say bought myself
a pillbox to remind me to take it every
single day it's so cool you like press
the button of the lid pops up but it's
most handy like days like today when I
thought I'd take my pill this morning
and I was looking at Tuesday and I
haven't let's pop that open take on a
little tablet I need to sit that if you
take pills really often and you often
forget to take them
get yourself a little box like this so
handy you can also take it off so it's
smaller so you could just like put on
your bag but if a weird I wanted to
start share it with you look at of all
this the other day this super handy
how's it going you nearly ready did you
know the doggies have fun tonight
so what was meant to be a one hour 20
minute drive why do I look so weird I
feel like I think it's the rainfall
window
I've got good idea don't you worry whoa
okay right so what was meant to be a one
hour 20 minute drive has kind of already
turned into a 2 hour and one minute to
our and 2 minute drive luckily we left
super early this we're not late the
others have just arrived there now and I
think we are six minutes seven minutes
away so and it is they're just mean a
blooming olive Drive
this is it like a little old-school
cottage kind of thing I think you're
excited look at that
this is posh posh posh hey man we did it
call me where are you business Michael
Italy recovery unit headed we're going
Hollander over to note this this reminds
me of in here repeating the series of
unfortunate event it's like this isn't
that bike chapter number one and you can
follow the red line with the numbers all
the way to chapter number consoles so
are these tuning includes a little bit
of exercise on the first Melvin
laboratory training where we go and I'm
sure you all know the feeling when you
are going to holiday and thank you
Oh
not cool you know one
thank you so much
sure you are using the French answer
this is oh my gosh
now I don't like Petrie and I also don't
like or Spanish song we don't know what
I'm gonna what I'm going to think about
thank you
well now we have a gin and tonic for you
the baton made a story and a story to
follow along have different meals to
match the store and homeless kids and
cold at the same time building on
co-curricular hasn't helped reducer is
not weird
honey this is literally hot and cold at
the same time I can't even describe
basically he told another really cool
kid is their towers like a story
attached to himself going on holiday
that's what we have in the net go is
like the evening before you run Jose and
this is your first day on holidays we
just woke up it had like tea in the
morning and now we're having breakfast
I'm not in the couch can you join me
find me again
they're going to foil his model line
look at how cool is that there we've all
just been delivered little pieces of our
own life great don know what
that this milk here apparently paid what
does unlikely to happen unless we put
seven happy now I'm going to do these
guys are so we can listen for the sound
to see what we're going to leave it on
the English no this for Nick and also
for National Hotel and at the hotel that
we went to Minami so personalized gonna
come shouting so go ahead Princeton our
next issues just arrived
it literally looks like the seat and
that's what the for we will time thank
you so much very singing yeah oh my gosh
so awesome is the SPR by the seaside
results from you cannot believe before
you have some nice love the left hand
side is the rocket lonely the rocket
Molly design has the calligrapher
whatever I want but a reasonably area on
the right hand side and employees
earning the temporary Carmichael the
most part and each other we never gather
at work
Wow Ricardo oh man look at all this SP
look at the wine cellar got it's alright
censored
see the smoke glass guys non smoked yeah
you have the toilets are coal see this
up for you look how crazy is that
automatic that's amazing
thank you please little crab ice creams
we've just got Wow have you ever been
wrongfully before yeah cool really would
have to come with us
oh my god dollar involved that is a big
bear truffle isn't and I love my truffle
no way no one's on the natural dish very
very Universal Italy sources tell you
look fab recovering crack that long
you lady Wasserman original sound that
relieves beneath your people okay it's
gone sorry
the a little web are you gonna didn't
it's not as a hot don't eat it close
your eyes EJ you know why yeah you have
to all in one out this is like a bush
tucker try okay serenity
I'm so bad by e-ticketing so I shouldn't
around the same thing Sean do you even
vape that only the entire life just
given us the little dog this one
literally says Nala oh my gosh this is
nothing to be with I know I explained
earlier yeah yeah yeah the telly detail
see details about yourself act before
you book everybody here in the
restaurant has all got like similar
things to do their lives for their
watches and we are going to do this
these watches into your tea
because he asked me not the one link in
the rotating stock use it all at home
and thinking of your have unforgiveness
on the mock turtle I am you have created
your own object of soup have a nice week
because accomplish some kind of
langoustine I'm not quite who is Zoe
there it comes with veal puppies
consoles them this is all extra nameko
main coming in a minute and then it is a
pre shown how happy you made how happy
it gives you an ass go on shoot each
little realize I was hitting myself and
acted as well requires witness in two
portions for bull sanic we didn't
realize that it in testicles
we just the illness we go friend is good
sweet bread maker a mom's just googling
announced apparently is not testicles it
is well in classes basically testicle
make of just Ian cow full sack in a
restaurant you know the worst thing of
all we paid a full ad a lot of money to
eat cow ball sack
you to be a cowboy son if you have
adapted digest that cow born so did Sean
pop his veggie says she didn't so he
didn't either and done us over here
tonight would be a mealworm
thank you guys panty we're allowed to go
and have a look at the kitchen
before we have dessert that looks circle
to be exact over there
we're sending out now that I New York
this looks crazy as what 17 great things
insider
we just left now the car is freezing as
a bunch of you guys waiting outside well
who'd seen our snapchat so it's nice
meeting you lot and we're heading home
that was what did you think that was so
cool that's like the coolest meal ever
it was like such a crazy experience I
hope I hope that the vlog wasn't too
boring I know I was just showing who you
off to food after meal after meal but it
was like for example just like dessert
that we just say it was 17 different
flavors like there's 17 different
ingredients not one dessert I have never
known anything like it like thinking to
Chrissy if I were the other yeah like
this one the detail put into it like
real and then they took a sister kicked
in they were like you want to see in the
kitchen I was like we were like yeah and
I was be amazing and it was the nicest
atmosphere like it's not what at all to
be like everyone was kind of like
dancing around each other like everyone
was like helping each other and like it
was quiet in there
this is a really awkward corner it was
really really cool guys it was so nice
the book in isn't it's incredibly hard
to look tables outside I definitely
advise that it was really really cool
we're just just heading home now I know
and now the whole idea come and say
hello John the solos our friends it's
looking awesome here and left 50 minutes
to go ordered fifty minutes ago they
left our house so I will come be by
themselves it look like they're just we
did not really happen
imagine this Zoe everyday having to so
they're bloody crazy just all changed on
innovate and roomie animate your big boy
on my dog it's four minutes to 1:00 in
the morning that dinner was from 7:00
p.m. until like 20 minutes to 12 or
something crazy I haven't had a chance
to go on and read the comments on the
new vlog yet so I'm literally going on
to do that now and then little 1c in the
morning midnight I don't even know what
the time is but it's super late so
that's always going to try and scare me
Zoe Zoe
why are you doing there
very
why he's doing that so new you're trying
to scare me before do motif and
everything I'm going to quickly do
today's shout out today shout out goes
to come on load load my camera battery's
about to run out of charge do they shout
out Breanna grap your the shout out
today thanks so much of my notifications
on you just tweeted me screenshot of my
notifications on shout out somebody
every single day so we have to do is go
down below subscribe tell my
notifications on and you could be to
more shout out good video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it I will see you in the
morning bright and early tomorrow and
we're gonna have a really fun day a
package arrives today of what I'm going
to hopefully do in tomorrow's vlog I'll
see you then
