good morning guys it is Monday it's
Monday morning so get out of bed oh it's
not is Tuesday for you
I always bloom and do this or try and do
like a Monday morning inspirational get
up do something fun work hard get going
with the week and then I realize that
it's Monday for me and you're watching
this on the Tuesday and I'm still in bed
and it's 11 o'clock but I've had a lot
of issues with my emails recently so
I've just got off the phone to the email
people sorted and fixed all of that
which I'm so happy about my emails been
messing up for like two months now and
I'm currently on my laptop just making
the new Zogby things for thumbnail I'm
thinking it's going to look something
along the lines of this and I've got the
most delicious looking breakfast it
looks absolutely ranked protein Weetabix
protein Weetabix
I mean they're actually pretty good it
just looks like crap
as you saw I just started a blog but now
for me it's the evening it's pitch black
outside
I spent the entirety of today working on
some future staff some secret projects
typical youtuber supplement not allowed
to mention what we're doing two main
different things one I'm going to be
able to tell you very soon in a couple
of days maybe like next week at some
point and the other exciting one it's
kind of like very very first stage ideas
and on might be able to show you in a
couple of months it might not happen but
if it does happen it's going to be
insane like it's going to be the
craziest project the craziest thing I've
ever done in my entire life ever let you
know when you just have one of those
crazy ideas in your head I imagine if
this was possible I'm trying to make
that crazy idea possible I've done if
it's going to work I've done if I'm
going to lose a lot of money I don't if
it's going to be amazing but the
important thing is that I'm trying and
I'm trying to make it work out I've also
just got back now from being with my mum
and my grandma my grandma fellow's at 2
or 3 days ago and broke her arm
suckseed I broke her arm like here after
this point of her arm I'm some reason
due to the kind of break it can't go in
a cast and it's like meant to be one of
the most painful breaks because of the
way in which is broken
basically like her bones are let's
separate it and they have to be like
naturally like go back by themselves at
the moment that still splits separate it
really really sucks because my grandma
loves being up and out seeing her
friends doing fun things go into town go
and shop in going to church doing normal
everyday things with a friend she even
like volunteers helping out with blind
friends of hers and friends with
dementia as their friends their friends
now but she met them through
volunteering and anyways anyway she's
basically broken her arm and she was in
hospital for two days now they've moved
her to it's kind of like when you're on
the way to recovery so you're not ill
enough to stay in a hospital but you're
not well enough to go home yet so she's
on the mend but she might be in this in
this place for a couple of weeks and she
arrived there this evening Sam um and I
went over for a couple of hours tonight
to go and make sure she's okay and going
go and be there washes haven't had
dinner and try and make the room as like
homely feeling as possible and I put all
that I like a phone and her emails and
iPad for everything on charge and make
sure that she can still connected the
Wi-Fi and all the important things you
know so that she can watch this video so
this she can catch up on my baby blood
I'm joking but I'm also being serious
that she didn't need Wi-Fi and your boys
sorted that out there but it doesn't
mean that we've had a had a rocky blog
today we've started the vlog early
thinking it was going to be full fun
packed day and blog in and then I ended
up working on a load of stuff and then
ended up going over to the hospital or
the kind of Hospital kind of places and
all this cord to go spend with my Grand
Master it's now blue minute twenty
minutes to nine Zoey's imposed by Martin
planning an exciting evening that we've
got we've got plans for tomorrow
going up yeah alright buddy
I was just about to in my blood clips in
committee lyrically shout event a lot
more this baby crying on their bloomin
TV screen or is this called a midwife it
are you up to date on it it's going to
say because every bloody day
whatever nothing you say it's going to
take for a sweat every time we turn the
TV on you're watching a new episode
one midwife but you watching ones you've
already seen that's why when you're
shouting over it the minute she just had
a proper baby as an alternative to
having a fake baby
well that man's got hurt on not my
grandma we actually - call the midwife
know if Regina is reacting to release
the hounds if you don't already know
myself go Marcus I will release the
hounds
I'll let you know when the episode
actually goes up a hundred percent I'm
still not too sure but they just tweeted
out a trailer and I believe it's for our
episode
we're going to give away anyone good day
oh my god listen Jamie Elias on the pop
smoke that was insane
I am so excited but your face at the
start of that trainer you need look at
me can you please pause and that's a Joe
please it's like your face you disagree
I'm summer party oh my gosh you're all
tied together knock your friendship
you're all locked together oh my god
that wasn't me look at it you have to
tell them when it comes out I don't know
when it comes out
no I don't know what's happened to my
camera it's been weird look if only one
oh hey guys there we go that looks worse
no it's very go about normal now that is
hilarious
she's fallen asleep with the thing in
amount you love it so much
you've literally got it in your mouth
she's protecting it you're so cute
aren't you can i play with your little
stick I don't think you're her she won't
let me that's her favorite it's got like
some stuff inside it the dogs love to
you how come how excited I am to watch
this I'm more excited to watch this then
I don't even know I'm more attracted to
what she knows and my episode of the
bake-off no you don't know you know yeah
because it's not got me in it when it's
you on TV you're like nervous
apprehensive what people can think I
know what my beach hut looks like now
I've been also going to see what be
Charlotte like well that's the thing
really there you know when if you I can
like fully enjoy it just really sounds
in one of my favorite TV programs by
drifted by cruise you remember when we
first watch that I said I would love for
you to go on and I said no way yeah
there's no it's in an old blog so he
said you should go on and I was like
there's no chance I would go on it the
thing that I'm excited about because
obviously
did it but we don't know what it looks
like from an outside point of view so I
even just watching that challenge back
like seeing it but I guess they can
really love you when I saw that assault
course I said I want to give anything
away when I saw the assault course I saw
it from ground level like I experienced
it I wasn't above like it looks sick
with like drone footage and stuff yeah
I'm so excited I got I'll let you guys
know when it's on I want everybody in
the UK to be watching it live and
tweeting the longest stuff when it's on
we're going to have like a big a big
party maybe we will even do like a live
stream or something with it I don't know
just it's not this video and I forgot
that I didn't even end the vlog this
blog has been so all over the place
started in the morning most others in
the evening didn't even end it from
ending it now Charlotte of today goes to
Lewis burn oh it's you again on Twitter
vamo notifications turned on every day I
sure don't want to be glaze of my
YouTube notifications turned on as I
said yes so I'm going to let you guys
know as soon as I possibly find out when
when my episode of release the hounds is
on with Joe Marcus because it does start
on Thursday at 9 p.m. but I don't know
where the first episode I don't think
we're the first episode there's like a
whole season so I'll let you know the
exact date when our episode is actually
on and yeah I'll see you tomorrow thanks
for watching give the video a thumbs up
if you enjoyed it good bye good bye good
bye
