yes morning guys how you doing
welcome to the Friday vlog as you're
watching this I've just done the biggest
to of my life and you know what they say
do more of what makes you happy and that
made me really happy this morning we're
thinking about measuring it getting Zoey
to check over it all huh much in feeling
quite long today actually so I've
mentioned that but ya know I ended up
actually flushing it so sorry I couldn't
show you guys hey Nala how's it going oh
you're so cute yes you are yes you are
you're just the cutest little doggie
anyway as I was saying guys it's Friday
which means one thing
it's that very special day where I treat
Zoey like a princess it happens once a
month but she gets so excited about it
she doesn't know what I've got planned
for her yet she's just upstairs she has
no idea it's going to be a great day
it's just a day where I like to prove
that you know I do love her a lot she
did so much for me you know she she's
the reason my youtube channel you know
has dismay subscribers and you know
she's got great fingers just like that
but yeah I bought her a package look at
it I thought I would give her this
special package that I put together
really lovingly some of my much because
I know how much she loves my March you
know I've got her everything everything
in every size in every color because I
think she'll look great in it don't tell
her he just oh she and speak of the
angel on our Russian hunting anyway guys
so I've put together this box I'm going
to send it to Zoey
well not send it because we live
together haha but I'm going to give it
to her anyway
and I might you know what I might do I
might also send some of you to Roman and
Brit because I love them they're great
youtubers they really do make me smile
more and for that very reason I'm going
to give though E one of everything in
this book and I'm going to send them one
of everything in this book and also guys
you should see what else we've got
are you ready for this look at all these
treats yeah everything Zoey
how special day if she is now giving
them to her oh she's so elegant so
elegant either actually have favorites
guys I know it because she eats a
hundred of these every day to be honest
guys I don't really like these to it I
don't eat sweets I'm really healthy this
is whether we got a little bit angry
because I said that I wanted to send the
treats through and Britt and she can eat
them all on her special day and then she
decided to pretend to swallow a packet
of refreshes whole because she she's
really funny like that and I had loved
her here we are me and my top BAE having
a little smooch in a little lull
together because that's just you know
relationship Gold hashtag love her so
much because it's her special day I
thought I would make her go out because
I I mean I did run out of things to do
so I just said you know what you go out
you get dressed up shake your little
booty and you go out and have fun and
here's my little note to romanum Britt I
actually got the guinea pigs to write
that so it's a bit neater than my own
handwriting am I going to send that off
while the results now that's always gone
out I'm actually going to go on
chatroulette and see how many naked
girls I can see I'm going to update my
profile picture on there though just so
you know they can see what I look like
I'm going I'm going to go for this one
because I think that expresses my
personality really well and actually do
you know what before I go on camera two
I think I might trim my beard because
it's getting a little bit unruly here's
my little Adam's apple turtleneck I
think this is a really great angle for
me actually here's one side here's the
other just call me the beauty guru oh
yeah my little BB cream just let you
know guys this brush used to be Zoe's
and I stole it and I never wash it
yeah I'm Rach and she's going to hate me
for putting iron she also gave me this
and I don't really know how to use it
but I put it on anyway with my brushes
I'm actually you know I'm quite the
beauty guru I have to say here's my hair
gel I don't really know how to use it
properly but I just kind of smear it
around my hands and then like put it
through my hair sorry about my hair
anyway guys and I thought I'd mention
that I'm not sure if I have mentioned
that but at least I'm doing it for you
now eh you don't have to look at
my unruly have for too long oh this is a
great new style for me like Messi
bedhead chic but hairspray or different
angle just so you can actually see the
final result
come on naina yerin is gonna walk I
think I really like walking guys I think
I might do a DIY walking because the way
I walk I think would help a lot of you
out there certain knack to it I have
quite a spring and it makes me feel good
it really makes me feel good getting out
house getting a bit of fresh air using
this technique you should all try it
now I'm going to leave you forever you
should be alright guys I think I've just
had enough I just I really just know
well live here anymore so I'm almost to
London guys I decided London wants me so
I've come home I know that didn't last
long but you know what I learned that
life at home with the best girlfriend in
the world and the best dog is the best
so good night for now good morning guys
sorry that I didn't really do a proper
ending to the vlog I didn't get some
shout one of you guys out I'm so so
I'm so sorry about that anyway because
it is tradition here on pointlessblog
vlogs to shout one of you out he watches
my videos so I'm going to do that I'm
gonna do that I can't let you guys down
so make sure to thumbs up this vlog if
you really enjoyed it make sure to
subscribe to this channel if you haven't
already and also make sure that you put
on the notification make sure they're
turned on guys really important there
you go and the shoutout for the day is
going out to this girl I didn't see it
but thanks so much for subscribing I
love you but not as much as Zoe hope
you've enjoyed this video if you always
want so e to do my voiceovers let me
know in the comments and I'll see you
guys in the morning
