smart want to do something yeah you did
play okay let's come in here I got a
game for us to play about two years ago
on mr. Joe sugg Channel
Zoey and I played probably a bubala
videos well we play the challenge with
Joe and and I was on Amazon ever that in
this the same item just popped up so
bollocks I wanted to play it with mark
not know okay so we're gonna spend a
wide Association game okay with an
electric shock boil pass the ball unless
you say the word oh my god okay I'm
scared this is electric shock ball
guides and it like genuinely gives you
it's not like a little like a vibration
is I can act to electric shock and it
will do metal pads Oh My giddy on you
ready no no you wanna clap I don't even
have any time you're on that's right I
feel like you should move that over like
whiny to find the table is there not a
button yeah wait all over that Russian
okay is it's again at the moment you can
hate this so I don't know say what I
don't remember yeah yeah
okay we're dissociation anyone no I
think it's no I think it's better if I
give you a topic and you have to select
youtubers and then also you keep this
features right I'm going to wait with
flash just because I don't want to do it
it does it right though you like your
YouTube a little cool already
yeah three two one very um how does your
car market butter pecan do that Jim
Chapman oh yeah
thank God and it's not it god I was
wonderful animals
I feel monkey dog sea lion cat sleep on
top male elephant oh my god oh my god
honestly already I feel mixed you
screaming it up boy I really have evil -
thanks a lot
and as you have like shocked me so that
done literally scare the heck out me
next topic is countries oh my god
Nicholas mom from Japan love them Tommy
Lee okay Jerry
I brought yeah I lost you I got it next
topic a little goodness of it that's not
okay breeds of dog of John Russell
hot long legal sizing a French Bulldog
and I just couldn't live with it so I
don't like that I haven't even had
breakfast yet literally like just
without a shower and every time you
catch it you flick one leg out of it
yeah my cooking flicks is leg boy bands
okay
oh my okay bands bands are little necks
one watches the fly
okay not it 5 anyone away really
what's nice sexy boy set oh my god you
did well as I gaze job everybody this is
not the point applying the ball okay
next thing is brands could be
anything Martin's gonna destroy me a
nice brand yeah but think of like
brightness so you brand you next one
okay colors Oh God yeah yeah not indigo
you know not that is why I think punch
three oh are you done do I get record
yeah I was not for a morning workout my
shop is really shocking it's not nice
and of don't don't no no I don't like it
oh yeah good morning guys good morning
how you serve and I hope you enjoyed
that little electric shock well
challenge today is going to be a pretty
pretty weird job just to warn you the
time is currently 20 minutes plus 10
we're about to have breakfast marks or
policy master who you just saw and play
that game from 12 o'clock today
lunchtime until 6 p.m.
Zoe no I've got a meeting 6 how a
meeting so the know and then I know
we're going to get chance to block ok
I'm still going to make it good venue
are it's a bit a bit today's drug is
going to end up longer than a normal
blog because I'm making efforts to try
and make it long because I've got such a
big chunk out of my day missing but I
just wanted to warn you
straight away today's and 12 until 6:00
I'm not going to film anything some
legit and we sat in a meeting all day
and I have no idea what I'm going to be
able to edit my blog I'm going to try
and get some of it done now though it's
cooking up breakfast over here we've got
it's just going to be humble eggs yeah
scrambled eggs
bacon tomatoes and avocado or if I got
two new deliveries today one do to
liberate so this arrived yesterday
whilst I was out I've had these before
but they always break so I tried to
order bingo like more intense one these
are the two we've got I'll let you guys
know which one which ones better
hopefully this one's better because it's
just smaller so I can carry it around
more usually or I can even get shots
like it was on a train or something
suction it to the train window and get a
nice time-lapse to someone sleepy you
having a little sleep by the radiator to
keep nice and warm you in your favorite
spot you look so cute today it's two
minutes to twelve I'll catch you later
on when I can flog I will finish finish
up all of our meetings for today what
are you doing in there what are you
doing in that box
why have you climbed in there and then
see you later guys she didn't really
climb in there vapor or in this little
joke yeah poor people's not confident
that's so cool she's been in that ten
seconds like literally 20 seconds I've
just been reading the coins my YouTube
videos everyone about half an hour and
everyone is being so lovely and then I
ordered some food and then I just fell
asleep on the sofa and so did Zoe
we literally I recognized you right five
minutes yeah but I've just ordered some
food guys because as you know it's quite
again late tonight and we're both
knackered I ordered for a place booked
or killer tortilla I don't know though
in our Lord candy be together came on
she just thought like that and watch you
watching boys this Call the Midwife I
think she knows it's one of our places
where is your favorite this your favor I
honestly thought that after our meetings
today I was going to want to go out and
have some fun and do something good
today
but six and a half hours of meetings
have absolutely crushed me
I'm absolutely knackered like I'm so
tired
the only thing I feel that could
actually wake me up right now will be
going in hitting the gym but it's 10:20
in the evening or my gym closes at 10
o'clock which sucks I wish there was a
gym does anybody know a gym in Brighton
is there like a private little small gym
or a big gym that's open past 10 p.m.
because sometimes I feel like training
in the morning sometimes for training at
lunch and sometimes days like today
we've had a busy day
I feel like training and like 10:00 p.m.
and I can't do that
I don't know I'm so sleepy
I've just learned on the TV downstairs
and dodgeball is on this is literally
one of my favorite buildings but I
haven't watched it in years I literally
forgot it existed but I loved it so much
you so sleepy you smell like a puppy
she's not so good I do this every single
night it somehow is half past 12:00
about half past midnight the only
positive but a long day tomorrow the
only positive is that I've just come up
with 10 I'm not even joking 10 new video
ideas 7 of those 10 for my pointlessblog
youtube channel I'm going to start
filming those again soon and stuff I
know you guys been waiting literally for
like 6 months now for that regular
videos on that channel it is going to
happen and I just need to get back into
rooting the film in I need to invite
some people over to film some of the
videos with me
but I've got like seven fresh new ideas
and three ideas for this vlog channel
and some cool blogs good girl Petula
Vanessa to them there you go as you know
by now every single day I shout out one
of you who watch these videos and as my
notification sent on down below so it's
time for that and today or somebody's
just tweeting me right now saying I
literally never ever get noticed by my
faves but I hope you are well I have
your notifications on and then a
screenshot that she's got my YouTube
notifications the little bell is turned
on and her name is Caitlyn that is
crystal sky
Irwin on Twitter
so much have my notifications and on
guys subscribe down below if you're not
already and so I know the blog wasn't a
long one but I hope you enjoyed it I
hope you enjoyed the electric bull stuff
that we did this morning with Mark I'll
catch you in the morning tomorrow good
night guys ha the ghostly beam Allah is
skin say good night you can say good
night to everyone
on the plane
