oh my that's my girlfriend everybody
that's my girlfriend good morning guys
good morning how you doing
let you join me today I'm with days
where it's sky high trampoline part you
guys know this one I stayed here
overnight you have to know this one
zowie marker in a car on the way I've
jumped in the car with Dave and come
this morning just for about Zoey
in fact yourself Zoey and Mark have all
never done this before so it's crazy
everyone in common with has never ever
been to an indoor trampoline park I
can't wait it's good man it's good
although I've warned them
and I'm going to warn you again it is
very tiring like it's so much more work
than what you think it's literally like
a workout are you going to teach me some
skills if you're willing to do it I'll
try if you're willing to try then I can
teach you
I can teach anything boy this is it boy
sighs oh man this is always first time
go up go
boy Dave is God the forward murder man
so try to keep Zoey how to do a front
flip and so far you can like roly-poly
in that they're gone mark yeah hey I was
good gone Dave yeah yeah oh yeah yeah
maybe yeah my god terrifying
boys get back whoa whoa
you shouldn't say that Justin hey wow
you had to the sign yeah boys are you
sad
oh boy that's my girlfriend everybody
that's my girlfriend you just sat down
on the trampoline
all right we're going over to the Big
Boy trampoline going to the red one you
know I want to see mark on this side you
got that Zoe this is going to launch you
light up into the ceiling
yeah
Wow
buzzer tone filly up come on Oh No
- this is like a 1v1 game where you have
to get the ball in the other person's
thing oh my god
Oh
you're heading out now
the toddler session on it looks really
fun I'm not even joking it looks so good
when you get all done we our first job
is I think it college but using the
trampoline park now do you enjoy your
first time no you weren't rubbish you're
just scared
unlike brave I am it's one of those
things you have to do it again and again
and again
yeah on your second time you won't be as
scared then your third time you for the
toddler's were going for there's some
like to your girls in there like Trump
slipping over balls and crazy stuff
right
see you later see you later on good bye
bye saves orders the most complicated
Nando's or that ever we so lonely
mr. Pierce bullets and I softly you put
it bang us the completely put still -
I'm going to show you the food so we
smash them is like basically nothing
left to show you this is this is not
flat when we're walking in here and
there go just pop it into one of you
guys hoodie that all of them all out
there is where one of a hoodie searches
anything Steve just pointed out how blue
the water is
with what we think yeah it's a turquoise
isn't there look how clear it is as well
what do you think making it look so good
because the sea doesn't look like that
no that way she definitely doesn't look
a lot fungus or something I don't know
in the water but it looks good like it
looks amazing the biggest Chinese I
they're randomly so this may be this
used to be a Chinese restaurant but it
closed down it was a boat restaurant
yeah seen some hail oh my gosh we are
done how we move it probably hasn't even
got an engine it's literally been there
for like ten years or some hypothesis oh
man right in the middle of everything
yeah if you can bite and just leave it
there yeah
what could you make in that oh the
question is what couldn't we make in
that yeah
guys can someone have a Google and find
out this Chinese restaurant boat is the
Seine in Brighton and it could be
amazing do you know what I want to do
one day I want to go to a driving range
into the water
oh yeah I've never done that yeah you
ready I'm ready
guys we've come bowling we're basically
going to let me join it explain what's
happening today to probably a bit
confused so we side up the day at home
normal shenanigans then we all help the
trampoline park
Zoe marker going up to lie crossing Dean
or something today to spend the days
like I don't know what they don't think
I'm lunching some Dave and I here up
Nando's
we've come for a surprise game of
bowling that we it wasn't meant to
happen just Dave said he was good unless
you wanted to show him what good is very
hard in the trampoline park so now I got
to take you there I'm worried I'm
digging myself up too much but nothing
that's going to good we've got one lane
each here this place till the people
came the other days or so new and done
up and then later we've got something
incredibly exciting happening you know
when when I went was dating and we
bought his first like huh yeah remember
ina blogs guys we went over and we
literally picked up dates first half and
then today could potentially be the day
where they'd get kind of your second one
right the DIY kit makes you know now I'm
going deeper to learn it though so you
know I make like DIY chocolate bars and
stuff in a couple of vlogs saves making
like an actual house like making this
actual out like a house himself it's
getting mad only one cycle so we do this
my way okay here we go
alright really chop and everybody's name
it is so excited all wait we need to
throw out the ball situation I'm quite
fussy I use a 12 medium bar there twelve
largest
Game one down
state smash me one 3125 by his the
scores the second game 115 to goes left
one twenty two one go left
yeah
Oh
we've got one go left each I'm a one
Kingdom with its bad came to one to four
I did if I want to drug this I'm not
just put the camera away because I think
if I get to come around there's too much
pressure on guys I'm sorry
so I am going to be I'm going to be down
I'm so annoyed I'm so annoyed I hit nine
in so I got a total score 140 which is
good but I didn't get the extra so if I
hear that one last pin I would've had
another boy I'm pregnant I'm hanging
with my win hahahaha
they've got one to four I cannot believe
I didn't get that lost the last shot
Oh
Oh we'll do another bit like Oh neither
you've got there he's got it
six minutes to draw seven pins to win 18
hey Ben thede 1 is 1 yeah yeah yeah I
think I'll make 150 but almost oh I love
bowling so much as you know Dave's got a
shepherd's hut in the woods and the
store a place I mean I kept him driving
past step one coming in and out of
Brighton that has a ton of shepherd's
hut so we've just pulled up here that
stage car over there we've come to just
see what's going on see what it's about
the only issue is that I'm where am i
easy
yeah okay well in the Marcus's or
shortly is an event I've got some other
shoes in the car to wear but we think
the owner lives down here it's a
family-run business where you can rent
and you can stay overnight in the
Shepherd's cottage which is really
really cool so we're going to try and
walk down now see what we could do bring
them out on the website so Wow so that
is just gorgeous
yeah I love that that is just absolutely
good it is only I who has a hottie keeps
always gets involved in that you know
looks after these are 14 five fourteen
six I think
this one is crazy guys it's quite like
Terrace on front of there this is this
is probably a little bit different than
my normal blog i completely understand
if you're watching that what the heck is
going on this one is beautiful are the
cutest little bunk bed and the people
love banner oh boy what a legend I
couldn't have gone any better
may you have got the eagle eye how are
you saying those up from the road
exactly where I want to get to yeah the
word and they're exactly the style and
the one thing that I think I really
liked and I didn't think I would yeah
and I don't ever it'd be right for you
or not
was having a kitchen in a toilet
separate so that the actual living space
yeah living space today's car doesn't
like to start the glow plugs were
getting a bit dodgy so we'll see if it's
up hey
okay we've been in business let's go get
us up Davis was a chassis for his second
heart and we're basically trying to meet
the dude who's made it he's dropping it
off and babes land but we can't get
through to him so we don't know where he
think he's like two and a half hours
away maybe and it's gonna be dark when
we get the neighbor three hours because
obviously he's driving this and that
like you saw the size of that we worked
the one with the courtyard like that
kind of side yeah he's driving that on
the motorway he's going to be going like
30 miles per hour and give me three or
four hours away oh yeah I guess we could
we could always hit the pub let's go to
the public yeah hot chocolate nice let's
go we in a pub nearby to Dave's and just
had a cup of tea Dave's having a beer
Missy my fire ship it out we've just
been on the phone to the guy who is
delivering the heart tiny we're ready to
go I think we all get should we go I
don't believe that any having like a
couple of drinks well over an hour now
today Dave tried to buy himself a like a
metal tub that he's going to turn into a
hot tub online he thought it was massive
turns out it's this big it's about it's
maybe big enough for Zoey that's about
it
well this is it this is it Danny yeah
look at this bad boy
boy yeah don't eat anything with does it
or does it not look Savage it's
unbelievably good oh my gosh we've just
got a hair
we just arrived to Dave's land this is
the biggest item I've ever had to move
or experience moving in my entire life
like it is pitch black oh no I think
it's stuck
oh crap then it's just trying to reverse
it up okay no no no we're good oh my
it's like I don't even though I don't if
you're going to see that at all but it
is literally go in the wrong direction
at the moment we're trying to reverse it
back up to here
Dave's normal heart that he lives in can
you see the little light there guys this
is the craziest thing I've ever done
this is so funny Chikara I'm doing all
of the straps trying to take it to the
how much you guys can see we're trying
to take it off we've got a little light
out here everything holding onto the
trailer has been taken off Dave and I
about to hold the back whilst bossman
gets the front and we're going to try
and wheel it off the trailer I can
safely say that I've never blogged let's
go something quite like this before
my hands are dead and my jeans are dirty
attaboy some shoes are trembling Easy's
underwear some shoes all day oh my gosh
we haven't even had dinner yet it's
currently pitch-black we're going to
traffic emergency cord out somewhere
just in case Dave and aren't strong
enough sorry though we're not like
classic workmen so you know what it will
run the end bet they have an hour
holding on to these bits of cord that's
a wrap around there around my hand and
we have to hold the weight this whole
thing boss it comes down off the off the
ramp
are you ready Dave I'm ready you want a
bit of it for you let's pour some tubs
yep yeah definitely
yeah is it on the ramp on the pass put
it back three two one back out be well
okay over there
Wolin molar well come off the wheels
come off this idea we just lifted it
back up on then how we manage to do that
we literally spit the lifted the corner
of it up and put it back on but we're
now trying to work out plan of action to
wheel it off of here without squishing
dinner because these are the front
guiding it they've not taken over the
way the source of your I'm alright with
this I gotta do is keep up the roll bar
dead center Dave you've got that oh my
gosh it officially it's down whoo job
done I'm feeling this one this is the
lucky one yeah oh yeah this is getting
Mountain Mac that it's getting home
tonight
Oh get that fire got it roar and you're
going to sort the foil out for the
feminine the Salmons just gone on and
somehow I'm facetiming Zoey I don't know
how I've got signal or so she's got
loads of cream on her face no it's not
cold because we've got the fire oh yeah
I guess you have oh my gosh
this is so crazy whoo stepping up a
notch we've got the tea what the catch
we'll go in and we've got a salmon
cooking up as well wait this is looking
good this is the best I've had out is
your influence Elsie I'm loving this oh
I'm saying go for a little bit on a pork
try a little bit I think it's I think
it's done it might be hot right just
scoop a little bit
might be very hot that is bang on the
money made yeah bang on the me have them
is it good yeah that's right
I don't even know if you can see how
much this is smokin mmm
how's that for normal yes good almost a
is like a little bit smoked yeah I think
it would not a new favor in the one yeah
we've finished up eating our salmon oh
it's cold in here our salmon and I can't
even think and bread we had salmon and
bread for dinner cooked by me and Dave
on the fire is so so good the little
fire isn't on so it's actually freezing
in here gauged about to drop me back to
Brighton look even inside my breath is
so visible so you don't have a I
actually would if I plan to do it if I
didn't have meat and schmeyer genuinely
would yeah next time I'm staying up
there next time I come after I'm sleep
then yes we thought it was they've
bought what he thought was a bathtub
turn into a hot tub and it's turned up
today and it is this big it would just
work for Zoe but that is about it it
needs to be about twice if it's cool hi
guys comment down below something that
Dave can do with this on his land where
it's actually useful I'll see you soon
for our secret project it's going to be
very very good yeah good I need to grab
my need to grab my bag actually pitch to
the hot tomorrow sin of it
not tomorrow if I speak any louder than
this we're going to wake up your honor
I'll see you in the morning it's time to
end the video Marla what do you want to
say to everyone nothing
you sleep in my annoying you right if
you enjoyed the video guys give it a
bigger thumbs that we got up to so much
yesterday like editing that vlog I had 1
hour and 10 minutes of footage to go
through trampoline in bowling visiting
the hearts going to the pub getting the
huts to live getting the hut actually
delivered and taking it off cooking
salmon on a file I cook dinner on a fire
yesterday in this brothers cook dinner
on a fire smash the video a thumbs up if
you enjoyed it go down below me and each
out one of you guys if my notifications
turned on let me quickly get somebody up
on my phone before I forget quick quick
notifications show that goes to green
this case you turn on best youtuber ever
with a screenshot of the notification
turned on Ella and Bunning on Twitter
you're the shadowed of today thanks so
much for watching other videos I'll
catch you tomorrow which is today for me
and I've already done something super
excited this morning I'll see you then
