good morning guys good morning hi June
hope you having a lovely day - there's
been a little bit of a struggle for me
so far because yesterday I started
working out my personal trainer
and this is kind of like I'm being
serious now this is like how long yeah
walking up the stairs oh my gosh coming
back down this is oh my legs from
yesterday are dead I'm the first one to
the office today super early just walk
around watering all of the plants trying
to keep them alive you know wondered
today's first tasks is to get this
podcast set up fully working here's a
little tiny hint as to how many guests
we're gonna have as to what equipment
we're gonna be using as - I think I want
you where that is in the middle so
little something-something if you saw
yesterday's blog you will know that I
got delivered an Audi r8 to the house
yesterday I've got it for six weeks and
Audi r8 I haven't driven it yeah I'm a
little bit worried as I said because my
legs are wobbly sorry I'm a little bit
scared to drive there but today it's
just going to be a good day if you
haven't already given the video a thumbs
up go down below give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already turn on
my little notification Bell button thing
that apparently you have to do these
days with YouTube because subscribing
isn't enough apparently apparently
having 1 million subscribers isn't
enough apparently have to now press the
little Bell button to actually know that
I've uploaded I was back in the gym with
my personal trainer again this morning
7:30 on the dot and here's a little look
here's a little insight of what we were
what we're doing today
definitely not legs
the excited Zoey and I going off to a
lunch meeting and we're taking the Audi
alright you ready for me to turn it on
I'm a little bit worried you know about
what driving it is it it's longer um let
me open the game's it is longer
than a normal car is now wider yeah ya
know it's like the acceleration speed I
feel so low down I fell I was sitting on
the red the breaks are so sharp the only
bad thing is that now I'm gonna want one
for six weeks on a sixty this is why I
don't like roller coasters because of
that feeling of acceleration like the
g-force in your body oh my gosh thank
you look at the difference of these days
head size although I can't say my head
sizes still mr. Potato Head this is the
best lunch meeting that's nearly as big
as your head I want to eat that stuff so
bad but I'm working out now man that's
all the females I ordered this and also
a chicken meal as well get him a protein
oh shut up
check out my lunch got the veg the
salmon and the chicken or even realize
it comes with chips oh my gosh that
camembert and celery makes you feel like
you're doing something right there's
knowledge got some pizza for lunch
you enjoying ah oh no cheese side down
as well she's pretending she doesn't
care but she does once she sees it like
I come home to my do girls know it's
been a long head day of meetings the
last couple clip was filmed was at lunch
time there is Carly swatting flies the
last or trying to before they get away
today was such a successful day feel
like we're still catching up with work
that we that I should have done whilst
we were in Amsterdam obviously because
it was a holiday I didn't do so I'm
still a proper catching up with the team
and everything but we get we get them
ready for the new the new office we've
had a lot of means there about the new
office as well that is called cordially
invited it's gonna be out what did you
actually mean obviously we've been
talking about this cordially invited and
we've been like so and I've been
discussing it for how long now - yes
literally probably longer than that I
didn't actually know what cordially
invited means I want is cordially mean
so you know on the back of an invite
like oh yeah more typically in like
maybe olden times no one would really
say you are cordially invited maybe the
Queen I just you think we went to a
fashion show today did you she went a
sat front row a fashion show today are
you moving that because you realize how
much bigger your head look the mine that
is exactly why I look at it
have you talked about how I always know
what you're thinking and what you're
about to say yes do like this okay nice
anyway yeah called invited it's a book
about hosting making people feel at home
in my home and going the extra mile for
events and occasions and making everyone
feel special on that special day many
different special days as well yeah like
Christmas birthday basically you know
any kind of event ever whereas a
birthday a party anything so he goes so
over the top and it looks incredible I
mean it looks ok that's basically don't
that's basically what the book is about
is how to make those occasions is it
available to pre-order or is that I can
give you a link if you like to put your
description box can have an affiliate Oh
Jake
yeah that's available pre-order now I
will leave a link down below if I
remember everyone Alfia reminding we
forgot spur the link no I probably
remembered it's all good
yeah I'm really excited I'm writing at
the moment along if you've not seen my
announcement video maybe you should
leave a link to that so they can go and
watch that Julie just take the
government know it's a little bit more
behind the scenes and you know a bit
more backstory and you can see lots of
old footage of me like writing it and
basically it's been going on for like
two years so it's really going to look
different in some of the finishes no
it's not I haven't been filming it for
two years some of that two years has
been like ideas and concept and you
Victor the people involved already
mm-hmm
so like the photographer is helping you
out shoot imagery yeah they came over to
our house the other day and did some
test shooting mm-hmm we've also got
dates in for the photo shoot which I do
need to run past you because it's five
days in a row at the house you might
want to move in with someone holiday for
five days I'm going on a trip we see the
photos how much you pay me because I
didn't want to write oh that's a whole
nother story my different in case I
wasn't gonna be his girlfriend forever
No
don't lie didn't wanna know I didn't
want to capitalize on our relationship
in a book bloody anyways yes Steve is on
it I feel like Steve's been in these
vlogs more than you recently literally
we've according the first episode of the
podcast tomorrow
I mean cards that gives it away the
steve is one of the guests on it as OE
as a guest on it and we've also got
another I mean you're gonna see him
tomorrow mark is the other guest on
there the first episode and then we haha
man it's gonna be so funny it's gonna be
so good hashtag love your pet day let me
give her some love then come here oh I
feel like she loves us so much today
because she knows this she you know what
I think it is I think it's because be
you said said has gone home yeah she's
happy again she gets so grumpy boo-boo
is just another dog getting attention
anyways what was the same sleeve is
Steve is on his way over
we're gonna order is easy I'm gonna go
pick it up my favorite thing is let me
try we have enough Zizi in ages I know I
got pizza with pepperoni on it my
favorite thing to order from ZZ ever
there's two things arancini yeah
I'm so good what's the other thing
water no damn it although oh good so we
got margarita night oh the melty cheese
fondue yeah yeah that's just too soft
kiss yeah yes we're gonna go pick up
that so he's gonna come with me we're
gonna go in the r8 it's gonna be fun and
then Steve's gonna come over and join us
for dinner though he's coming quite late
he's comin annoying that's not actually
that long away I think you think it's
earlier than it is I'm trying to pretend
it's early to I think 10 to 8:00 do you
want to fight me sure we have a there's
so many youtubers livin call each other
for boxing matches or like JJ loads
people to challenge in JJ now cuz he's
got the belt for winning them the rock
to match JJ I challenge you are you
calling him out
no no and then what you think of them
what you said to me last night
you said that's what was skinny and he
can't even throw a punch I think if
anyone is proper skinny and can't throw
our punch is me let's be honest I used
to punch with my thumb inside my that
let you wear your thumb today said I
used to punch with my thumb in some
hours like I used to punch me inside
your wrist is Roger sergeant face fist
right
have you ever punched anyone no have you
I once got punched in the head by a girl
hurry no I've never punched anyone
already shocked me just walk past me and
punched me like that in know hey see you
later off to go pick up our dinner I
don't know I'm gonna get over this car
the whole time I've got it it is just
real I listen to this revenue that's
just me starting the engine ones easy
bag 2zz bags i can't tell you how much I
love this car already I think it was
maybe bad that Audi have lent it to me I
now want one more than anything like oh
my gosh the brakes on this the reaction
on the brakes is you're insane why is he
here again leave us
good morning guys good morning how you
doing this current is currently
lunchtime but we've got a super
productive day so far
hit off straight away with a gym workout
then we went to go get some breakfast
cheers wrote what it is to the games but
this is the breakfast of dreams spinach
bread two poached eggs avocado and
what's this called a mr. muscle someone
like that isn't it that's exactly what I
need you can't be there now Zoe market
just in the other car and we're all
heading off to go get some lunch and
Brighton and also go see and update the
office which I actually filmed a big
office update the other day because as
you know it's been renovating done up at
the moment we move in next week
and then actually deleted the footage
off off of my camera so you guys haven't
seen it for a while there is so much
change so I'm super excited to see it
myself
you've never seen her to love and I've
only seen a few pictures and show you
guys the newest updates because
obviously last month my bloomin footage
so you didn't see it yeah that's what's
happening so we just hadn't sound those
guys are just reversing now which
hopefully they don't hit this car oh wow
the meeting rooms are like proper coming
together but the sliding doors so who
did all the interior did you guys pick
it I built y'all I've been building it
another DIY project yeah this is the
little studio room screen stuff yeah
yeah and then it's going to black up
lines all in there and stuff this is red
the desks all go yeah yeah man
now let the kitchen Tops arrives as well
oh this looks sick with the little
leather pulleys this is all happening so
quick from like a four weeks ago when
it's literally a building site when I
showed you two now having all the floor
put in or the tiles the concrete some of
the chairs we even started been put out
the kitchen worktops happening it's all
down here the tiles the fridge the
studio is like more or less done it just
needs to blackout blinds like the wrap
down wall and stuff they come on here
this is where there's going to be three
tables of six four desks and some
storage to put in here and plants and
these little bits and these are the
things we need to name I need to put the
names behind the lights name each
meeting room and then this wall here in
between the two meeting rooms yeah
that's going to meetings or you can have
two smaller meeting rooms on the normal
for like separate meetings the wall yeah
yeah and then the Hutt's coming in here
yeah they're gonna be so sick
we've disordered so much food
I've got my favorite Maine to chickens
and I've got vegetable coming as well
vegetable tempura you know just working
out I hit the gym four times a week this
one is audition Beach milk
these guys are trying to do the
invisible box oh you got a smoke box
there let me see yeah hi guys are you
sad
jump on that box jump on the boat crap
in the huddle in the puddle it's time
for the coffee boy laughs and what have
you done what have you done I don't
trust you guys I genuinely really like
this is that cool or is that not cool
I'm gonna try it on
could I do that I'm a t-shirt on
underneath could I do that it's quite
why I like it maybe another one like
yeah but not this one why are we saying
Azari already bought ten try to put
you're buying more that one could be
useful let me touch his hair
Steve Steve touch Marc's hair let me
just sort one little bit out let me just
push the fringe the other way no let me
just all your friends the other way just
for today if you love me as a friend you
show me your forehead anyway would you
ensure your foyer can you go like this
No can you go like this smog love you
say that you're wiping your tears right
with Ave Cup
now when offered him said he got teased
about err I'm bad for your forehead
isn't big I like big foreheads like God
say anything the peeps are usually
working in the office wait wait on it
enjoyed if you on everyone in normally
works in the office is working from home
today or from coffee shops wherever they
want to work because today is the day
the first time we're filming an episode
of the new podcast yeah we've got four
mics this is gonna be good to join in
we're just gonna hear you oh yeah
I thought that was good it was very
different in that just then that it's
still different
yeah felt so different because there's
oh sorry no no so there's me shooting
that just then it felt so different to
shooting anything I've ever shot before
it's just straight audio but also it's
like the podcast audience the people
that are gonna be listening to it and
exposed to that podcast aren't just the
people that are watching these videos so
I'm also speaking to people that just
don't know what don't have a clue who I
am don't care who I am so it's like to
know I felt more pressurized I felt like
I didn't I it was it was sick it's gonna
be really really cool I'm gonna send
over the footage now to the audio editor
get him jazzing it all up and everything
and then that could be the first episode
don't peace bro
mark and I are heading out to go get
some dinner for Zoe and Mark they're
getting mac dough's and I can't get Mac
dozer after I'm working out four days a
week you'll get there you'll smell it oh
yeah and I'll be like I want it but I'm
not gonna do it the queue for McDonald's
drive-through is long so we are
so we're gonna go inside instead busy
isn't it this is wrong I'm tempted to
get some things no okay oh no chicken
nuggets no not are you getting nugget
yeah we got the Mac dos my healthy
salmon should be done it's my dinner Hey
Oh
literally steam this right up you can't
even see my double salmon dinner is
finally done you downloaded it on Wi-Fi
this is waiting you're on the Wi-Fi yeah
there's an app called psych we're
playing it the other day in the pub and
it is so good
we finished playing the game I won
overall I definitely didn't Zoe as oh it
was the best of the game I think marks
answers were very obviously mark don't
you mean
libel liberals spelling mistakes in all
of them we're about to watch what we
watch in battle damaged beauty
collectible oh my gosh right we are what
is in this was Mary Laffer will small
Yeti
together scare a walkabout though
anyways everyone's missing right I think
so anyways we're gonna watch this movie
I haven't seen it before as Oh have you
seen oh yeah obviously now is it okay no
you don't say good night to everyone I'm
all tucked up in bed got my braces in my
camera back to his flashing so I'm gonna
end up real quick if you've enjoyed this
long video give it a thumbs up subscribe
down below if you're not already guys it
literally takes two seconds leave a
comment let me know if you're excited
about the podcast I am like 10 out of 10
excited
I'll catch you tomorrow
