it's happening it's happening guys I
don't know if I believe it yet I'll
believe it when I see it feel like a kid
at Christmas party downstairs check it
check your Santa's come what you bark it
out hey it's happening gorgeous they're
putting it up they said a couple of
hours to put the equipment together and
then it's done I'm good thank you honey
and almond or this one chocolate coconut
and hazelnut Oh give that miss coffee
morning coffee when there's my favorite
day of the week we get a fresh start and
even more exciting sorts of January it's
just even fresh if you lose that watery
watery at all on there I don't know film
the guys too much but I do want to film
and get put together
so I'm currently trying to learn Harry
Styles sign of the times and I can do
one of the hands and I can do the other
hand but when I'm doing them together
I'm just not good enough for the piano
yet to like play different light and the
Nords called like tempo or whatever I
don't know like a different light on
this hand it's like but then on this
hand is obviously completely different
timing sir solo okay so in the main menu
when it comes up just push enter yeah
you begin your workout
awesome it's the resistance up here up
and down for your level nice so simple
is that part might handles up so you
hold on T and then you've got another
lever slowly just here perfect position
if you want to move it back just like
that simple as that perfect this busy
house today we've got cleaners here
we've got people taking down on
Christmas lights outside just like a
clean finish or someone need to feed a
car has a guy out we've just finished up
a big internal teams alpha meeting all
about the new office and the new company
everything just making some tuna Mayo
wraps as always cooking up some chicken
but whilst it's all cook in I just
realized that Zoe haven't seen the new
gym equipment yet my arrived yes most
been waiting for that remember there's
only two pieces of equipment in here so
it's not everything it's looking good
though it's getting there it's getting
that oh look it's all so clean
that's good though isn't it yeah that's
one of the pieces and then obviously
you've got yeah yeah I need to like
sweep all of the leaves out that have
blown in and they've got my medicine
balls and stuff over here now you just
need to do like 800 of those and you'll
be rich no that's you you just taught me
I would love that yeah well I can extra
bare your head I was gonna say to your
leg
are you sure no gorgeous is that the
boot eh amazing such a successful no in
the office today guys
Oh literally can't even see me at all
just popping out now to go grab some
dinner because we literally have no food
in our fridge at all oh my gosh this car
smells crazy strong that smells really
good but like incredibly strong of
cleaning products as I said to you in
yesterday's vlog monday is my favorite
day of the week Monday today has
prevailed Monday was awesome today super
successful day lots of planning of the
new office and the new company and
hiring new people and stuff like that in
fact tomorrow I've got two interviews
with potential new people to join the
team which is cool but right now though
and probably getting their nails done at
home and I'm off to go meet my friend
Morgan to go and go grab a Nando's this
is exactly what I wanted quite the
double chips he's going in on the double
yes I'm so jealous um sort me out I mean
get any I will every other side to set
fun trips back home absolutely smashed
that Nando's
what are you doing on the floor you're
just sleeping on the floor I missed you
you smell like a puppy it's more like a
puppy I completely forgot about that
literally just went upstairs now said
the ledgers over you started playing
with narlow nails at Oh
so we left the dinner in the back of the
car did you go for the color I picked
did you go for the color I picked on
your toes nice let me see your hands
noise so he's got a big am I allowed to
say what your French is or not so he's
got a big photo shoot tomorrow very very
exciting she doesn't know if she's
allowed to say who it's for very big
like crazy when we were in bar they
ordered some new clothes a couple new
bits and this finally just arrived
well I still much prefer to go into town
to buy stuff and try stuff on I just
don't like being able to like not touch
and not feel what I'm buying I saw this
so Jim Chapman bought me this hat here
for Christmas
and I really liked the shape of that so
I bought this one here which is
basically plain black and this is Gucci
on one side loved on the other this
feels really cool this is which was just
say about how you can't feel stuff when
you order online want myself this hoodie
here Zoe was like oh are you really
gonna buy that and I was like it's
either gonna look really cool or really
awful and I don't know which one so I
bought it I don't know what it's gonna
look like one of the two even good or
awful let me know what you think it's
going to look in the comments guys look
at the neck in it it's got like a a big
droopy I don't know
I don't I in my clothes like it takes so
long to iron them I'm just not really a
big fan of it I'd much rather just wear
them a bit creased but then I saw this
online the other day and it is G
yes this is it you literally plug one
end into the oh crap okay for you
there's a thing I was gonna say one inch
into not our wall but here you go one
end into our wall and the other end you
straight up just I don't know where you
put the water in must put it in down
here somewhere okay the water in there
and then you straight up just steam your
clothes
it's so sick just so much quicker or
more efficient and then I also bought
myself a ring but again like I said a
minute ago you can't try on different
sizes so I just had to like guess I just
put the middle size I didn't know which
one I would be it fits on that finger
but it doesn't fit okay what I can put
it on that finger but I can't put it on
that thing
hold up I thought they were that fits
easy and this one what do you think I
quite like it I think it's cool I'm
super happy
the only thing none of this is is gym
clothes and I feel like since the gym
stuff arrived this morning I really
should go and have a workout in the gym
like I can't finally after all of these
issues that we've been having with all
of the gym equipment it can't arrive or
some of it it's obviously not finished
yet but some of it can't arrive I mean
not use it today that would be we need
to go to the gym somewhere down here we
have like a Dyson heater here it is this
is what I need for the gym I'm super
surprised it's not even too cold in here
the only thing it is is superlight leave
me like because obviously this shutter
goes up and down whilst it's been all
worked on today
loads of leaves are blown in so I might
need to get like a little so I'm a
little sweet and brush alright let's get
this on just to heat it up a bit
3637 yeah there we go my mum and dad got
me some gloves for Christmas as well so
that I can use these and I don't know if
i said earlier got on Wednesday I'm
going to
kind of like imagine IKEA but for gym
equipment like this and like this and
all the weights and everything I'm going
to someone like that on Wednesday and
hopefully fingers crossed I can just
pick up all of the rest of the equipment
I need because obviously we've got all
like the dumbbells missing the bench
press the squat rack missing I think I
think we're going to get a little fridge
down here so we can have cold water over
here we've got these put on the wall so
that we can get a bracket with the TV on
the wall that I can follow some YouTube
tutorials and this face will be fully
used not just for me all of my family as
well my friends if they want to come
over and stuff he's already feeling like
a gym
it's barely we've got anything in it yet
I may seem a little bit excited
considering it's like 10:00 p.m. and
evening but if you've been watching the
blogs if you follow me in my life you
all know the struggles I've had to make
this gym happen
super chilled workout today just trying
everything out having a little mess
about doing a bit of battle ropes a bit
of pull-ups bit of the cross trainer
trying out a couple of the different
different your grips and handles that
you get with this thing here I'm so
ready to start gym in it's so ready
let's beyond ready
I just want to proper get proper get
into it all right guys I'm gonna leave
the vogue here if you've enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up please do go down below
taste two seconds yesterday's vlog
within the first hour got 8000 thumbs up
I want to see if we can beat that
today's video go down below smash that
thumbs up and subscribe if you're not
already something that I haven't managed
to tell you guys you're in videos
because obviously I had a break over New
Year's and stuff and Christmas is that
there is 20% off of all every single
piece left of PB merch there's 20% off
there is a sale right now go to the
Creator store comm forward slash
pointlessblog there's a link down below
there's a 20% sale biases to something
buy your brother something yeah right
I'm just excited to get working out here
with friends and family this is gonna be
cool I think that's about it for the
blog then there's everything you don't
need update on anything else then thing
I did I'll catch you tomorrow see you
later guys
