good morning guys good morning how you
do it
a sort of quality of their one of our
videos that said I never ever sit use
only and Alfie tidy up
no not tightly clean a wee seat and tidy
so they're never ever cleaning who does
their cleaning
so I've stopped today's vlog - I'm
drying them in and so you can clean that
though if it loads of like washing up
liquid he kind of tough to clean inside
and now I've just tried it all smell
amazing
so they had a strange start to today's
vlog cleaning my bin will actually just
sorting out like the whole kitchen and
cleaning everything and so it's going
through the cupboards and stuff how you
doing it's Monday
actually it's Tuesday for you damn it's
Monday for me I like Monday's Monday's
get a lot of black and I feel sorry for
them I did Monday is a good day the week
is a fresh start
it's a new start it's a fresh start for
the week what do you think about that
Zoe
yeah I always just then you put the new
weeks a new start you've got to make it
good one
when it comes to Monday's what do you
think yeah you're not getting my joke
I'm just reading your Instagram out I
don't know what to do with this so I
bought this ages ago don't if you guys
will even remember this is 6.4 million
Scoville units right so a ghost pepper
like the ghost chili give it to a
reckless satisfied in 2007 that the
ghost that was the world's hottest team
ever 400 times hotter than Tabasco sauce
the ghost journey is raising more than 1
million Scoville heat units if you've
seen people it goes to you on YouTube
you'll see them are sick for like two
days which you've been dribbling
everywhere shaking
cry in this here is 6.4 million this is
six times hotter like I bought it
thinking I would be really funny to see
if someone will try it but a lot on the
back actually says like if you try this
you might need to go to hospital it's
really really bad
and submerge you know what to do with
that so like I can't let anyone try
English to kill them like an actually a
magic village you can freeze so put it
in the bin I bought that and I just like
it's too dangerous
it's not right although we can already
upload in the new sim episode to episode
number two where we built my house we're
not last night on Sunday night for you
guys
and as you're watching this right now
when you're watching this episode number
three will be up from just uploading it
so it's really about the exactly same
time this vlog and that is where we
create Zoey that we actually make Zoey's
character so I'll leave a link down
below if you want to go check that out
what you barking at Missy you're laying
down in your bed just barking so it's
making a banana bread doing some bacon
and I've just made some I say some I
mean a very big portion a portion of
quinoa for two people and two pieces of
salmon so just basically this is a meal
for to come back to eat that looks
amazing smells even better just so
embedded in the new vlog the caponata
you okay Dempsey
I've got to take all of this rubbish to
the tip I've just finished editing and
uploading the new daily vlog I've got it
all scheduled and ready to tonight so
there is no possible way that it can be
late tonight
like we're on over a roll at the moment
had quite a few vlogs in a row all on
time then I'm happy I'm feeling good
just filled up the car with a ton of
rubbish that I'm going to take to the
tip because we've got too much rub in I
don't even know why I'm vlogging this
why my my vlogging is because one of you
coming to the other day so do we do
these jobs ourselves and I want you guys
to know that of course we do have help
now and again and stuff but we still do
all of this stuff ourselves like I'm
taking taking rubbish to the skip today
whilst there is filming a video did you
guys see the new video came out this
morning for castle on the hill it is
amazing like Zoe and I watch it together
absolute the end of it when it is actual
edge and his friends sitting oh my gosh
if you haven't seen it you need to go
check it out is really really good
it's probably going to sound strange to
you but there's random moments in my
life that is completely mundane that
affect me more than anything
moments like this where there's three
guys they're probably earning minimum
wage working in the cold
helping people put their rubbish into
the tip like I just open the boot of the
car all three of them walked over how're
you doing having a good day taking all
the rubbish out of my car for me so I
don't even have to carry it myself
putting it in the massive bins for me
and they're just so happy like so jolly
so happy so welcoming when I went to get
back into my car I said thank you guys
so much with the help and they're like
have a lovely day maybe I thinks I'm
talking to myself what is that we do it
and this is just live for them standing
there
they must be freezing cold hive is on
hardhat and they're so friendly so
caring and just happy I don't know it's
so Monday and it's so silly but it's so
easy for us in life it sounds so stupid
there's so mundane but it's so easy in
life to let stupid things get us down
when we're so lucky and we're so
fortunate to be in the position that we
actually are right now they're helping
an old man over there smiling away I
don't know guys I just thought I'd share
them so I've come to home base to find
quite a weird specific item for a video
that I want to shoot I don't know if
they're going to have it what I need is
like a solid plastic or metal box like
this kind of big I don't want to spoil
what I'm planning to do but it's going
to open any trip to a bucket but this
could be perfect they've got tons of
boxes even by little bins
really useful box I'm guessing that
that's going to be the one leg if it's
really useful being in this kind of shop
makes me want to just like build
something crazy like I don't even know
if I can do that kind of thing I'm never
in built like a hands-on project I've
never done that actually I dig an A in
resistant materials from school the GGC
o1a that was like the best in my class
they've got those crooks torches
you know what everyone's doing in 1000
degree knife challenge let they've got
them here though he was watching so many
of those videos the other day like
cutting through things I don't know I
don't know why everyone God says even
Zoey God said being in this kind of shot
just makes me want to build and I just
want to say that I have got something
super exciting coming up on very early
next month
I think it's like the first or the
second week in February there is a super
exciting a five-day project happening
with a couple of friends it's going to
be crazy
oh good I think and then we got
everything we need for that part of the
video there's still like maybe eight
other things that are need Conti playing
a bit of rocket League on the Xbox
whilst reading your tweets I've got two
slices of cake one of the banana bread
that Zoey just made one everyone's
birthday cake varies cooking dinner
tonight
and I'm about to do all of the washing
up because for some reason we put all
that these glasses in the dishwasher
twice and they're still coming out dirty
like I don't know what it is so I'm just
going to hand wash them which I actually
find if you've been watching these
videos for long I find washing up by
hand really really therapeutic as anyone
still wearing my coat inside as well I
should probably take it off and
Oh
I kind of broke glass and we're all done
all nice and tidy and clean the health
is actually so tidy at the moment then
if you guys can tell but is fit in fresh
around here it's quite your knees in
it's like quarter to eight or was maybe
mentally go to the gym with hockey
tonight but it's quarter to a and she
hasn't called me yet so guessing that's
not happening which I mean I'm fine with
just because I stood for a kajillion it
means oh and I want to record next next
couple of episodes of Alfie Sims would
you say and dinners though you see one
of you guys tweet her what I didn't
yesterday's block with a bath bomb they
all didn't know none of them above all
that's about the blue one that's a
bubble bar oh you know you've known him
I'll see more those who have must change
her do you just waste in one and then
put my favourite one in there that was a
rock bottom wasn't that was the bottom
up it was too much do you feel like your
skin was slimy when you go out yes
further we've covered in theater no she
wasn't
you're supposed to crumble those under
running water to make slowly through
them no it's last one that's why I
didn't do anything
learn something new every day and I
little milk jar looking on dad you could
have did nothing give it is too late and
put it in the box
my forty was going to fit I put it in it
didn't do anything all right I need some
advice from you need some advice maybe
some advices of you as well I want to
get a PSN and I don't know work to get
it something cool at this part my ear
was
pop my ear or this part my ear or this
part or no not my know someone shooting
those wearing a lip ring try get a lip
ring why no look cool
nose ring here this one here
moving here I want to get a new earring
or something maybe here your back she's
flashing
I remember coming back to do a bad one I
quit mr. Solow minion earring I don't
know tweet me a picture of a part of an
ear like a picture of an ear with a
piercing on it that I should get I'm
thinking something like this bit here or
this bit or this bit for I don't know
something cool I want to get some kind
of cool air in if I don't like it now
I'll just take it out if I get a tattoo
that I don't like it's kind of a bit
screwed but now I mean strawberries and
I just wanted to go because this is
probably one of the biggest strawberries
I've ever seen in my life what I wanted
to do at the end of the row because oh
and I've reacted to my really cringey
old vines that are luckily now deleted
actually they're not deleted because I
put them in the video so if we will be
screenshot it ah look at now at the
moment I wanted to show you guys some
pictures from my camera roll but I don't
think you've ever seen before you might
see the couple of them I don't really
know let's read through and screenshot a
load so this picture here this is me my
sister insured we were trying to avoid
sin a weed light on my face we were
trying to find a Halloween outfit to
wear one year we went to this crazy
second-hand shop and this is the only
thing that I could find I didn't end up
wearing it and but I did walk out the
dress remember that and everyone in the
play store as a frickin way they knew
are the weirdos what I was wearing
so do you remember nice the lip bite
yeah I used to lip biting videos and
pictures and stuff I don't know why I
did it
you ready to do the slip by oh that's
like more like it yeah I'm going to come
out as a nervous well I'm not trying to
be like a sexy lip by that weird haha
mark is going to kill me for putting
this in but I don't even care
I don't even get Marcus this was you
back in the day this was this was the
markets that we all grew up with we knew
and we loved wearing his blooming the
Hat that he did not take god Marcus was
obsessed with that hat I'm a bit
embarrassed by this next one I don't
know what to say about it
I look so creepy I look so creepy and
grace looks really good look how weird
they lookin at ya you look a bit feeding
this is Aisha on this is no I liked that
shirt back in the day this is me and
grace helbig she's a great youtuber this
is when I first met her I don't even
know like 2012 of that probably 13 or
something ah me Marcus and Caspar all
hanging out in my mum's house look at us
I literally don't even have any stubble
on my face at all Casper doesn't have
any Marcus I was like the tiniest bit of
a massage if you want to see some more
camera roll secret pictures and video
actually I've got a ton of videos I
should go through my videos I've got
thousands of videos on my phone guys
that I'm sure you guys wouldn't have
seen anything I'm going to end the vlog
down here now guys shout out of the day
goes to Lux like Zoe on Twitter
her name is Zoe and she just tweeted me
a picture saying that she's got my
notifications on the vlogs turned on so
thank you so much Zoe for the love and
support if you've enjoyed the blog if
you want to see some more good camera
roll stuff tell me what you want to see
if you want the video to view and see
pictures if you want to see school
friends you want to see youtubers if you
want to see nights out clubbing I don't
know let me know down below in the
comments give the video a thumbs up I'll
catch you tomorrow
thank you so much for watching the time
it's a late one I don't know how it's
got this late is five minutes to one why
are you hide in there eh now they go
from mummy gun phone mummy was always
actually washing her face she's not
trying to scare me she's just left me to
turn all the lights off clear up all our
strawberries and put Nala to bed so
that's what I'm going to do I'll get you
in the morning
good night guys good night
