good morning guys good morning it is 136
in the afternoon Zoey and I have spent
this morning well I've edited the blog
and uploaded it already we're currently
in the car because we've just dropped
off what we filled the entire range over
to the ceiling like completely fall with
all of our Christmas decorations that we
just can't fit in the house
you can rent like storage space like
rooms and we basically I'm going to like
this as a run apparently this is a room
and we've rented one there's loads of
companies that do that so we just bought
about Christmas decorations in it
because when Scott fit in the house
we've got too many because of this one
is so obsessed with Christmas anyways Oh
what have we done to live on waters well
where we are
will anyone yep why we had there be my
food so what we're gonna buy lunch who's
going to buy it you what are you buying
huh why don't you buy it I can't have
got my card I'm 11 I got you know what
you'll see that lets you just let you I
don't have my wallet do you have yours
about two minutes before it for
something yeah and now we've just pulled
out two M&S to get lunch and then Reviva
in there - no I took it out gave it to
you then you voted it in your wallet and
neither of us have money you've shown us
anything in here
no even first family I see you brought
my handbag I didn't know you brought my
husband at all
oh yeah but you have my PA oh thank you
all right there's the 25 note we were
just talking about do you stand in the
car yeah what do you want egg Mary's
average height man George chocolate like
joint healthy surprise or Jesus no
because that just means I'm going to get
unhealthy stuff to please you but that's
not good tuna salad your favorite fish
we literally just pulled up at a random
M&S petrol station
got a lot of goodies a lot of good stuff
so make my hot hot whatever you want the
smells like that that's more so good I'm
very tough I can eat so joy
you just look that's for you I don't
think oh my god okay sausage rolls oh my
god we're gonna get it some when we had
to no eating in the new car roll
remember that they good can't he all
about this close your eyes close your
eyes put your hand up ah Minnie oh and I
got loads of stuff you know I got your
sandwiches well you were great
banana and berry nice and then I got
like tomato pasta I got a get Bolognese
- lasagnas lots of good food we
literally have zero food in our fridge
especially I'm blaming it on properly
and Shawn the COS Shawn's cake took up
the entire fridge right you didn't see
yesterday's video
- Inspector cake yesterday was like I
kind of describe a bigger bigger than a
football and we had it in our fridge for
a couple of days so weird empty
everything out eat everything so we
could fit it in so we've now that you've
got no food less storage components
fridge it's such a lovely day
let's serve weather update because a
blue sky just received a delivering I'm
not saying it is what I think it is not
then isn't it just it could be what I'm
hoping but it is yeah it is
as you know in the blog the other day I
broke all four propellers on my drone
when I crashed it so this is two knew
one another two knew one another two new
ones and another two new ones
we're all good we're prepared to get
flying
oh yes thank you
it's like she's purring she's loving it
you give me a bucket you ready yes drop
the camera we're currently designing new
Sims dumb now
trying to decide what's best so I
finished up the new Sims thumbnail just
uploaded the video outside the weather
look crazy the Sun almost blocks all out
for my vlog camera but it's like
completely like pink and red the sky
looks amazing
so nails down there now with my drones
this would be the perfect time to get
the Sun set but I'm not what I'm doing
tonight what I'm doing now what I'm
doing in eight minutes is a YouTube live
show for you guys so I need to to get my
stuff and a little microphone my phone
need to get my actual phone I've got
this like clicks pen so that I can hear
it is so that I can touch my phone to a
tripod so that they can stay still
I've got about two minutes and so I need
to be live so I'm just setting up the
drive more than everything now I'm about
to go live see in a second well just
finished up a live show when super super
well there's like twelve and a half
thousand to be watching or something
absolutely crazy just cut it off put it
off turning off all of the lights and
everything
oh no maybe I should have turned off all
of the lights I wouldn't be so good both
many videos have just gone live which
means then we can fully chill now
that'll feel relaxed I never feel quite
relaxed
until all my vids have got life for the
day I don't know if that's just me or
whether that's like a youtuber thing no
you said you would answer that question
you said exactly okay right so Zoe what
have you just tweeted now I'm just
really saying is that anything any
question that any question that you wish
you knew about is there anything you
wishing you might reach of lemon
tweeting I'd say yeah I had read your
tweet random question but what is one
thing you wish you knew about me such
would love to honor that nobody has
asked before there we go and so he's
just been reading through the replies
and there's tons of brilliant ones and
one thing that somebody just tweeted
there Zoe said I don't mean I got so
giggly about that she doesn't know she
could feel comfortable answering or not
because a grand dad watches my videos
and stuff but my family watched these
videos to go hit me with a question
answer you said I know I'm gonna want
through it so the Holy Ones with that
and I'm it honorable Byron I feel like I
would struggle to answer this question
do you or have you ever played with
yourself like I'm just talking that such
I'm like I'm so immature
I can't personal others fun it and then
I am in alphago's just could talk while
on video you could just say and then
like he said the sphere and I was like
you would never a solo QA can you ever
imagine I'll be on during that any Q&A
you
that's a Renault right now this is
exactly the same goodness so have you
ever played with yourself so what I
would have answered if I was oh if I was
going to imagine okay let's think like
this like you me listen you guys okay
yes listen great this rate you're sat in
an interview on videos what are you
going for
no but they just want to ask you they
just throw it in there but you know
interview people don't tell you the
questions before always yeah you sit
down
question one Alfie how's your day it's
been really nice thank you just been
hanging out my girlfriend my dog at home
did a YouTube live show question number
two do you or have you ever played with
yourself and let y'all throwing back a
little bit I would answer that if I was
it interview or something
not really comfortable speaking on
behalf of myself and that topic
however if somebody was to ever have the
tendency wanting to do that why not it
see as obvious everyone to do that see
ya it somebody imagine feeling that they
wanted to do that that's a completely
normal no casing to fill and to want to
do I find talking about the sex and
stuff really I'm such a like I could
talk about anything else
ask me anything doing far take anything
area periods vaginas so idealize don't
like talking about this kind of stuff
but but it's something like I talked
about it's like that I just can't I
don't know why I've never been able to
with my phone kind of but not even for
like a full extend I just you don't
really know and your friends know just
opening up these guys are like family to
me it completely normal I'm just a prude
but I don't know that might be a
completely normal we talk about that's
like so there's answered your question
what did you support with your answer
again I just said I'm not comfortable
talking about that about myself but but
why not because very different is
filtered is be but then you wouldn't
pick that question for a QA people on
there so you don't have to answer it I
think we need to do a sex Q&A I think it
might be out pretty soon because I would
answer the question seriously you into
piss out of me you would love no I
wouldn't I just do a tendency to do that
and you burst out laughing listen listen
Phillip I think it would be great for
people to feel more comfortable talking
about sex no of course it's not going to
all mostly honest most people do it of
course we don't just like feeling really
isn't it well no it's not like that
because Perrine you you have to do if
you eat food then you do sex and
something you have to do unless you want
to make child well those are our other
makeup on there are some great channels
on YouTube what about that thing agree
there's a clear relation dreams and
amazing many Murphy she's so open about
it though I admire can be let's be very
simple I are those people for being so
open and honest and just not caring when
it comes to that subject I'm not quite
that comfortable yet I mean maybe one
day but would you honestly and this
isn't for everybody like Zoe and I
through like a a sex Q&A but obviously
not about like experiences or anything
like that we're talking about like
educational sex Q&A because I genuinely
feel like not a night now and that's
about set and is member we can hook up
there we can look at the answers we
could get them to tweet us questions or
a leave questions down below whatever
but be real that don't be stupid
questions guys how often do and yeah
that's I mean like that kind of stuff is
stupid
and then we'll look up the answers on an
actual make it like educational I
thought there's some people out there
that do that really well and maybe we
get one of them on board maybe we
getting one of me invite one of them we
do with them if you want to know about
sex questions and advice and stuff
there's tons of great brilliant channels
out there go check out Lisa green what
the awkward you guys do you actually
watch they look a little and when did
you lose your virginity but they felt
lose like me and clearly when did you
lose your virginity I feel like that
huge questions why don't you why don't
you and Alfie kiss on camera well that's
a very good question why don't we kiss
on camera I'm not sure actually it sort
of became of thing because everyone
wanted us to do it so badly
we just didn't yeah I think I think for
me there's although a daily vlog of
course every single day and I show you
guys so much more life there's some
things that very few like very very few
things from very honest that I don't
want to have on camera and I think like
kissing and some of that is just a bit
too far for me personally one day we
might give some camera I do it it's just
like you can like if my head and kick
out but it's just not but we kiss
off-camera feel like we don't need to
kiss you on camera are you were real
weed for me to kiss on camera I think
that it's just nice for us to have
something that's just for me and you
because so much of what we do is online
is posted yeah so it's quite nice just
how bad I'm going to spend the next half
an hour so deciding what to have for
dinner
although I've only actually got two
options because we own
what I bought earlier other than that we
do any food although Zoey did just do an
online Sainsbury shop so that's because
I don't my yak exciting get some new
food and I'm just going to read the
comments from the Newsom's episodes and
the new data book for a bit so catch up
in a bit
I've got a good idea do you want to hear
it it goes something along the lines of
shall we go and have are you already
going for dinner
should we going to get dinner come on
then come on in the screen get dinner
good you're gonna sign for Zoey night to
have our dinner as well we're going to
have lasagna broccoli and some peas
I've just seen that the broccoli is two
days out of date so that's fine we'll
ignore it I kind of want a bit overboard
on the peas there are so many it looks
good so we know in legit sneaking a lot
off camera for the last like 15 minutes
play in the word association game and
then loving it so I would just say we
should get the camera out because
there's been some really really funny
ones
oh look at YouTube we were just mutually
do it it was eaten on dinner but put the
camera up and then if we'll get a catch
any good one diet lifestyle meditation
for sure
Australia sorry you're done you know we
needed fibre okay John you're done this
round we have to go as quick as we
possibly can okay no eat it okay head to
head
yeah three two one knows I see it now oh
oh oh what a bloody is a mouth hole key
what
Cooper Oh 3-wood lumberjack hinge they
are mental gym workout fitness buddy
penis vagina Harry oh why did I say that
I'm really sorry I apologize in the box
go home got and quick Harry hey I want
to cover any imagine if you wonder and
want it to bitter broccoli that I guess
I mean decided I didn't want them on my
plate anything on the end of it I feel
so full and tired but you know when you
just eat and then you just like anyone
else gets like that I need a bath more
than ever I'm going to put in eighty two
lush bath bombs yes I am I'm going to
put in all your last bath bombs I'm
going to do the Kailash pop on challenge
which one should we go for higher that's
cool let's do let's get this one oh crap
maybe it's not a bath bomb maybe it's a
bath bomb let's need to squeeze it up
though it's definitely going to watch
this it's going to be that you're idiot
you just put soap in your bath just get
another one just get this one there we
go see you later
I'm out of the bath I'm feeling super
relaxed that boss was so hot you know
when you think you can have a relaxing
bath and then you realize that you're
just actually basically in a sauna
you're sweating out so I added a ton of
cold water and then I was just like mmm
zoning out and relaxing but I've just
popped out because it turns out my uncle
is over my uncle Tim from Vietnam I
didn't even know how he's working over
here at the moment just for like a
couple of days to me my mom my dad papi
my uncle and my grandma I will meet you
at this club just for a drink and yeah
I'm for me I'm probably not going to
film just because I'm itchy with my
family I'm not drinking about but I'll
see ya see laughter holed up in bed papi
and Shawn gave me the biggest slice of
Shawn's that decay to bring back home so
we've got that for tomorrow and so
excited I'm gonna turn the rope really
really quickly
so he's fall asleep no let's not sleep
shut up safe the pastor has my
notification turned on is Charlotte
Parker and Twitter
she just tweeted me cynical
identifications on a screen shot if
you've enjoyed the flock guys give it a
big ol thumbs up if you want us to do a
sex Q&A let me know down below give the
video a thumbs up or catch in the
morning
you
