good morning and welcome to a new vlog
it is Saturday
it's the weekend how you're doing I hope
they're having a lovely day whatever
you're doing the weather is beautiful
outside today you can tell but the
lighting and looks all nice and clear
there's no clouds in the sky we've got a
perfectly blue sky and it's still early
I'm awake it's early I've had a shower
I've done my face have done my hair I've
even got my braces in it Sean's 26th
birthday today so I'm just woken up
early blowing up some balloons is always
getting ready upstairs and we're heading
over to poppy insurance with mum and dad
and I think about half-past nine so
pretty early for the weekend poppies
those perspective inside each balloon
and it's very really cool no so good is
why this up to the ceiling look this is
so short this is such a good idea I know
I have never put some second side
balloons before like a coal as the stuff
looks the confetti
yeah they lit really good right no I'm
sorry
go back imagine a bear wouldn't actually
take much to lift you up
I mean it would take more than this if
we bought massive balloon missing my arm
yeah these are so cool I think getting a
last man to a hairband okay I just don't
think tie and string it sounds like a
good idea the blends are in the mammoth
cake is in I've even put it in its
seatbelt let's go I know I forgot a coat
I'm going to free get my new big boy
coat out so it's just up in dialogue
from mum and dads because this morning
we're all going over to poppy insurance
flat them all down for breakfast but
obviously when we go for breakfast the
doggies can't come so we're letting our
own bus hang out with mum and dad's
house wash we're out again how
everyone's going to fit in the car got a
million balloons
presents in the boot the bit you guys
haven't even seen this cake we've had
this cake in our fridges taken away to
like pull drawers out of our fridge to
be able to like fit it in I can't even
wait to show you honestly guys it's like
this big it is ridiculous oh no mom I
just realized I'm driving mum still get
scared when I Drive visualizer you know
if I passed in January last year I've
been driving a year this month a mum
still gets nervous when I Drive I'm
Sean's currently hiding away waslley but
the balloons out and stuff look at this
oh my gosh and then I this bit thought
it was this Sean in it yeah
I literally can't get over it look at it
everyone's getting their Instagram I
know you have it leave it one up mum's
getting the first insta
she'll never even come out the room yet
mom Jordy I'm full all right Papa what
is your perspective that's incredible
time ain't it you've made that what you
want is yeah I loved it you know what it
is I don't think you have any idea I
don't want to ruin the people the plains
nation
place a symbol on it I think I know what
it is what do you yeah my face is BR s
at the gold would you put on and
everything yeah he will be in mine crow
it's in hockey in virtual reality you
know that's a copy of my thoughts I
didn't try it if you'll try it
yeah it's like goggles you put on mom's
gonna freak out in ass mom is references
go around love look at 100 reach in the
bed don't get just a minute he actually
jumped it what is it I'm sorry
ha ha you and again the grand hallways
um there is obsessed with the jacket he
bought me I was obsessed on the hanger
and then like I'll be on it when he do
we like sounds like no I had done in the
nail I said I like yeah I just did like
an augmentative so long yeah but I'll be
has this thing where he has do you want
to go confidently in close sometimes i'm
what seems like branch out of it and i
knew that that would be like a step too
far away if not you've not been one
where it feel like it was sure but it's
that little bit too long is not really
confidence where it I'm so glad I only
saw it in your globe you liked it
because I think it looks so cool I
really like it now the only thing I'm
regretting today not wearing sunglasses
it's so many sunny guys so going to
breakfast in a place called the new club
never been here before I've had amazing
things about it who's never actually
been hopefully there's hopefully there's
a table ten o'clock in the Saturday
morning this breakfast look in red at
all dad just does not look like a
breakfast as it remained in African
dress makes them breakfast got they're
also got Tuesday we finish breakfast
knock down to the peak if you were
crashing madrone yesterday into that
pillow you can see the vlog I've got
double hoods up it is so cold I cannot
even describe I know I love ridiculous
right now look what what you want to go
a about you're J jumping back in the car
we're heading back for being Sean cake
it's okay oh wow I want to eat cake so
bad one word yeah
yeah yeah they later enjoy I know I want
to come and play this nun
oh my gosh goodbye guys they later good
bye good luck clearing up hey dougie hey
dougie
hey hey this one toy Nala loves this one
toy gone bad huggable really so Zoe and
I trying out having two dogs today mom
and dad have gone off the for a coffee
with their friends and we've got buzzy
boy for a few hours here he is mr. buzzy
boy
Nala over there with Zoe just taken out
for a nice little walk my gosh imagine
this just every time two dogs I don't
know if this is the answer guys we just
arrived home we've got both the doggies
here today it's been a good day so far
in an amazing day so far first things
are just so happy and positive and fun
like I love it as I say that I'm getting
back into bed and I'm going to edit the
vlog to go all the studies of my eyes
just let the blind down I'm going to
edit the vlog to go up tonight so I will
see you in a bit switch up everybody
we're back out I've just been sat at
home on the bed
editing the vlog for the last like hour
and a half or so managed to get it up
just in time dad has lipstick it's
rusting on the i 360 today I have no
idea what this is going to be nice I'm
going to give you going to give you an
honest review
I just wanted to know how I feel about
is brewing in Brighton Beach it just
doesn't look good you might be good ones
but on it visually from right down here
it looks we're nearly about to go on it
and we have no idea what what being Sean
us everyone in late where are they they
said they're running here this is poppy
running it through Zoe they're not
running to the car to come here I hope
they've at least Hart nearby after I'm
talking about cheeky gin and tonics yet
super aside this was like a last-minute
plan that's just with the chicken and
that is the one who's scared of heights
as well so I don't have like evil ticket
we're going up we're going up it is
really fastest now you guys don't
realize this if I want to enjoy so I go
three two one and I guess we're like
halfway and we are hi
like this does really scare me they're
like this year is always holding us on
order going to see let it go in the risk
of happen dad dad watch this so jump
jump cut don't jump don't look but this
is I literally Lauren yesterday in the
blog and straight over here oh we're
going back down now some mom's about to
try this VR PlayStation headset mum has
labyrinthitis which basically if you
don't know what it is you probably nunim
probably know it is it's the thing
that's like a sexual balance in the
middle of your ear affects your balance
so it's kind of like every now and again
every couple years of soft and it will
be like mom's got like seasickness for a
couple of days so I don't know how this
is going to go down because it's going
to feel like she's moving and looking
around but she's not now look around mom
like turn your head find you that's
quite ever you want rising on this video
I think is carrying mums like preview
the war body is sucking in Toyama India
although one garnet will be done after
the home I mean I like Franco real real
robber here
get out
that's right hot guys get bored and get
a look at mom played the shooting game
she holds it like she's holding a guard
like a cop Nicola I have a nice dinner
well you can see they are in the doggy
oh hello hey dougie
hello boy
so you just come back and grab the dogs
popping Shana off for a dinner just
those two tonight so and I going to head
over to Mum and dad's and grab dinner
with them and then probably into on
they're going to come over to mom and
dad and then we're going to have like a
fun game evening you taking bus for a
walk snarling you taking him out got
some cozy clubs and I've got some new
night tracksuit bottoms cozy shoes cozy
t-shirt cozy hoodie cozy hat and Zoe's
also got all cozy cozy clothes on you
ready to go to your mummy are you going
to go see mommy and daddy is that coming
then let's go let's go so in Shaun and I
blend up I haven't played this for years
okay
we're right at the end of this very
serious game I got to stop what we're
not probably like 10 years old or
something this is still going one one
one one key one she is Glenn I think
want you today is only it's double to to
win
watch me nae oh oh is that triple-check
hippy Shawn just one he got the dolphin
at the end it you can eat happy you can
time dad off been a long old day don't
even know what time is it 10:35 10 day
fine even if you had a good birthday
it's been really good thank you
yeah yeah at a beauty bar present doing
so many dinner then we're going to go on
the I 360 cell you know probably say
daddy are again yeah we need to get
those remote things to the VR it's going
to wake them up why are you doing that
that's chasing the dogs around you're
going to make them go crazy dad they're
never going to sleep tonight
hello come on Missy should we go home
come on
and we're home
home sweet home I'm going to end the
vlog down here everybody tonight because
I'm going to go straight up to bed and
crash out of fall asleep mile away
coming in here Missy ah she's still
going little lead and harness on I need
to shout one of you guys out like I do
it every single blog by having my
youtube notifications on if you haven't
done that already go down below
subscribe and tell my notifications on
assured I want to do every single day
what hmm
thank you for reminding me guys the new
Sims video is out right now as you're
watching this the episode number 2 sings
a free game that we're playing is out
link is down below
in this episode I'm not going to tell
you too much but we build my house
episode 3 we make Zowie it's super super
excited link is down below go check it
out go show some love the shout out of
today go to Abby defeat Staci NCEA cy
anything ste ACO I think Abby Stacy I
have been love the drone footage and
can't believe we already crashed it
thank you
and she's just tweet me pictures
she's got my notifications on sir thank
you so much Abby or the shout out of
today I'm gonna end a blog guys because
I'm just crashing if you enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up
can you what have a jelly of course you
can I'll see you in the morning guys
I'll catch you tomorrow good night good
night good night
