Oh No
whoo
such a nice day good morning guys good
morning this morning for breakfast we
have got scrambled egg is roasted little
tomatoes on the grill there's still on a
little temple and the toasted bagel I'm
still drinking if you want do my XML I
still don't know if this is actually
good for you still don't ask this is
actually making a difference
I don't want you guys to think I'm
getting like page drink up to build my
videos yours look so much better than
morning my presentation is just like
that
explain I didn't knew you're so easy so
I put mine on the play
you own it and it looks like a four year
old dinner
Zoey's put hers on that plate and that
looks amazing
no you did it and then I changed
are you doing guys so I had got exactly
let me shoot the time eight minutes
until my dentist appointment I've got my
little dentist's bag almost sets of
braces and stuff in there more
importantly I got my drone just in case
afterwards we have time to the head down
to the beach or well I don't know it's
cold today
I've got like gym fitness leggings on
underneath my jeans for the first time
this year it is so cold why did I not
like a jumper like I've got this on and
a vest but I should have bought like a
jacket I may or may not have just got my
absolute butt kick it's as simple as
this I haven't been wear my braces as
much as I should have been and you
cannot lie to the dentist because they
know they're looking at your mouth
that's their job they're professionals
they've had like seven years of training
or whatever it is to be a dentist and
there's no point even trying to tell
them that you'd do something that you
don't so when they ask you do you floss
your teeth there's no quiz saying yes if
you don't because they can tell that you
don't in my case it wasn't about
flossing or brushing it was about how
much I wear my braces and I could have
lied and told him I wore them all the
time every single day 20 hours a day
like I meant to and he would have known
that that was a lie so I was honest with
him said I didn't wear them enough and
I've had to go back so it's basically
just added six weeks more of wearing
braces myself by not wearing them enough
I'm going to do everything I possibly
can to wear these all day every day from
now on I don't want to have to repeat
that again and again sometimes in life
you need to be told off you need to be
told that you're doing something wrong
to be able to kick you in the butt to
make you start doing it right and today
being told that I've to have my braces
for six weeks more that's a kick in my
butt to remind me to wear my braces and
it means I'm going to straight deep so
so Goods just an annoying reminder but
it is a reminder I'm just going to set
my drawing straight down to the beach
after going to the dentist but since I
forgot to bring a coat it is so cold I'm
going to head home for a bit eat some
lunch edit the vlog and then come back
up in a bit also I forgot to tell you I
wasn't late I wasn't late to the dentist
I'm going to be honest
guys I'm going to be honest with you
guys for I can't speak class hombres are
I'm going to be honest with you guys
because I think it's because I put my
bracelets back in and I'm not used to
wearing them too much during the day
just uploads in the new daily vlog at
the moment and and whilst editing it and
watching about the footage of the
present that Zoey bought me yesterday
when so it gave it to me also thank you
so much I opened it up tried it on and
everything and I was like I'm not too
sure like I do really really like the
jacket but I don't know what it looks
like on me I think it might be a bit too
long but now I'm editing the footage I
really really like it I really like it
changed up my clothes put on a PV jumper
to keep you warm but on the new coat
means you're not a match area where are
we hiding but also just realize that I
haven't got a little sloppy bit on the
top of this example I just got the other
day stupid thing so the audio right now
and when it gets windy down the beach
might not be the best we're just going
to keep me warm night here we go
what's so funny is you've got everything
you need in that little bag you go ahead
and you need in there also nearby
parking ticket I remembered that my
drone is currently set on beginner mode
which means that I can go 30 meters away
and 30 meters high but no more so I'm
gonna have to remember to put it onto
like intermediate or advanced or
whatever the settings are Sean's got the
DJI phantom 4 and is back again decided
about the prospect of flying it and
alike we get can't crash into each other
yeah that wouldn't be good
this is the shot that is there that's
the moneymaker of the other day yeah you
crashed my drone into one of these
charred leather film my broken drone on
the floor yeah no he didn't break every
Sean hit my drawing into that the other
day you know how hard it is to crush
them I so crafted oh my god my hands are
cold riding Oberyn gloves look at the
difference in size DJI phantom4 bag
maverick pro bag
but that is crazy is that the difference
in like accessibility content if you can
see my drone up there in the top left
currently flying it around this is sick
there's Sean going out get that shot
oh no guiley that this one's okay it's
not guys I crashed the drone not
intimacy so it's not negative I'm okay
I didn't scratch the lens hopefully I
got the drone crash on videos again I
think that was recorded the only issues
that I chit can broke all four what is
this one broken oh yeah this one is
there and that one and that one I broke
all four propellers and I've only got
two spares I'm gonna have to order some
new ones I tried to get a shot let me
explain I tried to like with it through
here right down the middle and then wind
came in it West new smash into the into
the same one that you smashed it into
seven you didn't break it I kind of
wouldn't break the drone and the good
thing is that the drones expensive I
think the propellers are like four
pounds each or something so I'm feeling
okay you forget us so high yeah I went
well I went like over the top of the
pier and just go there any short I
didn't get was like a long next to the
pier I didn't get anything like that
when I yeah teasing me
this isn't fair he's showing off with
the drone mine just because mine's all
broken down there no it's not all broke
it is not I know what you must be
conscious that you broke it already I
haven't one thing I know it's gone now
how do I find the messages it says
magnet warning I think these are
secretly magnetic because we both give
and get a magnet warnings yes and when I
was flying it through here I don't know
I don't if you saw the footage it just
went boom by itself
it was like it wanted to bloom and hit
into that Shawn is sending it out get it
out there look at that shot look at that
shot and if you go to concede we should
have bought a proper camera down we
should have got some extra like oh yeah
that's the shot going off ready yeah
where is it just go up and spin slightly
or just go straight up there is it's up
there bring it down
I'll catch it there it is I can't even
describe how beautiful the weather is
guys like if I move out the way
and I let this focus look at the sky
it's insane this is why I always tell
you the Bryden is the best place and if
you don't live here you need to move
here Brighton is incredible look at the
birds doing their dance and the distance
get that Instagram get the Instagram get
the instrument look at getting the
Instagram everyone everyone getting that
picture the question is am I wearing a
coat
why am I wearing a dress that's the
question can my brother what'd you say
I'm good
good shot I'm still laughing I've got a
dick this fast you can make a fire to
warm up your hands I've already ordered
on Amazon guys some new propellers
they're coming tomorrow don't you are
any more crashes Blair got something to
tell you me baby oh oh just used in my
face
oh I may have crashed the dragon you
know the things that point out before
the pier I try to fly it through all of
them and that what I did not happen to
it yeah the same one I think one of them
is magnetic and it was because there was
a magnetic warning kept on coming up and
I went new and it just where smash mash
mash mash mash mash all four propellers
broken I've ordered some new ones there
20 pounds modern new ones it's all get
Julian Roger tomorrow well okay fine but
I did question about all four propellers
on my second flight mean it wasn't into
the water you should see the shots I
bought though how have you been hey guys
in the new vlog that were not yesterday
in this actual video I checked my video
after 26 minutes and it's got 4,100
likes it's 26 minutes as this video goes
up 4400 likes in 26 minutes you guys are
crazy
Trump's currently walk in Barack and
Michelle - a helicopter - like say see
you later good bye
this is like the passing over is
finished every with it literally what
the heck is going on conversation with
this planet he did pave the way for a
very different administration and then
what the country
now and I think he really felt it was
finally hitting his drive to rule and
timeline it's off it's raining poppies
over now because if you don't already
know the day you're watching this it is
Sean's birthday
Sean turns 26 tomorrow which is today
for you
gnarly you got in his presence he's
looking after them we've just wrapped
all of his presents from Zoey and I pop
he's wrapped his presents from her glow
he's now right you write the card from
Nala yeah no you shut up
Nala right so what am i Marla look as
narrations it there's some exciting
stuff in there what are you writing and
that's where I kind of fell asleep
watching that new Netflix I think it's
no I don't even know I started watching
last night and Netflix program called
three percent I've never even heard of
it before but it was on like the
recommended on Netflix and I put it on
and I ended up watching like three
episodes or something instead I'm really
late and falling asleep so I forgot to
end the vlog I would like to end it so
I'm ending it now let me just find one
of you guys we've got my notification
turned on if you don't know every single
day a shout out one of you guys and one
notification zon go down below hit the
subscribe button and the little Bell
emoji and I shout out one of you who've
done that in every single blow and we
find someone let me find someone let me
find someone here we go Andrea Andrea
tweeted me said hello Alfredo I love you
very much
also please come visit the Philippines I
am begging and she said the picture that
she's got my notification turns on for
Andrea you're the shout out of today I
hope you having a lovely day in the
Philippines
I will try and come and visit soon but
you you're pretty far away so it might
be hard
I've just been entered in this video and
I cannot believe that I crash my drone
yesterday like that was the second time
I ever flew it in I crashed it and I
broke all four propellers like you get
two spare propellers
I broke four I broke all four of them
the commitment of ordered new ones
they're on the way they should be
arriving today give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it if you enjoyed the
drone footage if your your feet
good you know what to do give the video
a thumbs up I will catch you tomorrow of
a brand new deadly blog I'm going to
upload Sims either today or the day your
what Oh
tomorrow or I'm gonna upload sim soon so
get excited I'll let you know when it's
up on Twitter and stuff or I'll leave a
link down below so I will catch you soon
good night guys see you tomorrow - bye
babe everybody
