it is so common today not stupid award
this which is like mid to it somewhere
like an equal piece of paper right now
and the coat and they look like a jumper
where an editing share not the one Sean
and I have come out for breakfast we've
got incredible looking food this is a
triple bacon sandwich and Sean's got
full English for pians are you currently
getting the eyebrows plucked we've
ordered food for them and they're going
to come and join us in a second
got up pretty early this morning feeling
good what time did I wake up away for
like 25 8 or something it's now four
past 10:00 I've gone decaf latte Sean's
gone and one of our like caffeine boys
just come straight up double double shot
poppies gone but soy matcha latte green
once and we just eat their food now
something that looks incredible look at
poppies and you're not even ready for
Zoey's but oh my definitely like food
porn on my Instagram I really want it
should we just eat in order another one
imagine if we did you later catch you in
a bit
stop now good morning good morning guys
Sean I think we need to go in here it's
been a couple of months this has been in
this sweet shop it is epic I'm going to
try and go all of today's vlog let's see
if I can I'm not going to edit it out if
I do I promise you I'm going to try and
go order today's vlog without doing this
because I do this so much in my videos
something I've been looking for
month now is a nice pan I've already
done that is a nice hair
Rick blue jeans I've just come into
urban outfitters and there's what two
pairs of Levi's jeans blue with Rick
hopefully hopefully one of these
civilizations
I can't even for these ones up over my
bum
these are definitely too small right and
they're good if it won't come down looks
good the bottom neither not originate so
I've rolled them up to see if it makes
them look any better and I think it does
you know servility kale on that high I
ended up buying the jeans Shaun Kevin
had to look at them and he was like yeah
man I really really like the fit as long
as you're happy to wear them with like
rolled up with the ankles out and they
look all good and I do when my jeans are
that quite often so this is just
repaired you in some way after wearing
like that every single time which I'm
fine with
I'm now just jumping in a taxi because
I've got a haircut at my house in like
four minutes or something so I need to
get my butt back home hey hey then so
you know the other day in the video Zoe
and I text my hairdresser Phil to get my
haircut
Phil's over which often the mop
so Gary excited start so so just jumped
in my Aldi though is currently driving
the other car at the moment I haven't
driven this in like a month the Range
Rover is automatic so this car being
manual was so weird but I love it like I
still really really enjoy driving a
manual car and I didn't think I would
I've also just finished up got the
haircut just dropped my hairdresser back
to his flat now besides I'll show you
when we get in so short
I just got home let's go
those just bought me a present okay if
you don't like it you thing about I
really like well then if you really like
it that means I cannot take it back I
just think you doing I know Nestor you
in it right
oh wait I can see it literally we saw
this a minute ago in town and Shaun was
like you need to get that healthy to
match your like Yeezys and your trousers
I don't know I didn't try it on it's not
he didn't really long I haven't tried it
on that's why I like it you don't have
any jackets that are a little bit longer
I'm excited was it yeah I don't warmer
look it's got like a warm in a bit my
gosh is there quite but literally this
morning Alfie was like I don't have a
jacket that's halfway between really
warm and really like I like it I really
like it live catwalk
new hair new color nearly 2014 I'll be
coming back where are we off to go say
whose idea was there before everyone
goes comment in say it Alfie you said
you weren't gonna eat sushi as much you
are I'm not getting sushi today this was
not my idea
nothing I'm not gonna get so final I'm
like because I'm not I'm not sushi Lee's
anymore then went to some shops in town
then headed home got my hair cut dropped
my hairdresser back home went back home
did no to admin stuff kind of finish
that now and probably destroyed a meter
I don't know how you persuaded me to do
this
it may take care to get sushi and then
drop her home I don't want sushi
I also don't really wanna drop your home
I don't know how you have to do that on
average men driving the car the seat
shows off forward
I mean I could just get one cheek little
bit of salmon like this I could just get
that I noticed that I wasn't going to
guys but I did see this last edited edge
Bob to give me the power to edit but you
know on the blog being late it gives me
the energy to say when you do get some
height when these ice Virginians on it
get that give me that ice what does this
remind you of ice bath challenge where
the blue Minette does the time go
I need to finish editing today's vlog
and it's 355 the Sun sets in half an
hour and I wanted to catch the sunset
with the new drone oh that was the aim
of today was to catch the sunset and I
still need to edit this rogue and get it
up it's not looking good Nullah it's not
looking good it's not looking good baby
what is looking good though is my sushi
until the rotor star currently
researching into how to fly this drone
the Sun technically set three minutes
ago but the sky still looks beautiful to
spare propellers just in case a crash
one manic front one fully charge
controller think that's all I need right
let's go look at that look at that
sunset need to quickly buy ticket let's
go let's get it let's get it let's get
it
ah
but there I am look there I am guys
there's the drone it's going really good
a set from the Sun is like basically set
but other than that this drone is sick I
still got the drone in beginner mode I'm
just leaving it up there at the moment
getting a time-lapse of just for the sea
and the yellow sky it looks amazing but
it's only in beginner mode so whatever
you're seeing today in today's vlog this
is just this much to the potential of
what we can and we're going to do guys
this drone is so pocket-sized so we can
just take it anywhere we can take this
to the park on the walking Dowlen we can
follow Nala we can we can take this to
festivals we can suspect that if you're
allowed to do that but we can is because
it's this big there we go Wow in life is
always super important to give credit
where credit is due and DJI have smashed
this tiny piece of tech this tiny little
bag is unbelievable unbelievable the
only thing that could possibly make that
drone any better would be if the control
warmed your hands near all right the new
vlogs went up 25 minutes ago and I'm yet
to read any comments because I've been
at 26 minutes ago I need to get on I
hate not being in when the vlog goes up
I always like to read my comments
alright we'll have a neck 4,000 likes in
26 minutes you guys are crazy I'm just
going to mock edit a mock test of the
drone footage that you guys would have
already seen by now and I'm going to
show it the first time I haven't even
watched this throat this is like the
first rough rough edit this could be
that all at a time I haven't liked what
yeah that sounds crazy that's it ah yes
they literally had like 10 minutes I've
been eight minutes of footage before is
more or less pitch-black yes all I could
get and not eight minutes sure eyes then
yeah I like obviously we haven't seen
the full quality of the drone yet
because I've only filmed with it as you
saw like after the Sun had already set
so I think the quality is going to be so
I'm doing that again
stop so much better once we have some
like good sunlight I might take it out
tomorrow
I like when you throw it if she thinks
it's a Geisha
oh and now she'll probably ciao
oh no yeah a little pea she's loving it
haha earlier on Missouri dr. P on the
floor was cooking them and Nollan stole
it grabbed it ran away and was like
chewing it in her mouth spitting out
kicking it on the floor and then
grabbing it like rolling in her mouth
spitting it out and kicking it like she
didn't know what to do with it she
didn't know whether she could eat it or
not
so we I'm told that she was allowed to
eat them and now she's loving it and
she's playing like fetch but not
obviously returning to me to them
instead you enjoying them don't give any
menial coming in should we got bed
I want crazy that sounds like a name for
a vagina when you're like a little kid
hey beanie in a frou-frou you're going
out at we in the middle oh my girl I
feel like I did yeah
you get a joy you got a toy in the
middle and you kind of put it together a
bit like
drank why does that not exist any more
than I now I'm one of yogurt is
moisturize earlier I was like if you
went with it but added oh yeah my soft
thing is fruit that's what I want I want
surely within this daily vlog I was
going to do a little segment of taste
test and jelly well these are the toys
that you look in the middle oh my god so
I bought one of every single flavor of
these jellies you can get I didn't look
at what they were called or what the
flavors were just bought one of every
single one of them there's are 16 ones
though we know we're going to blindfold
each other and yet guess what the flavor
is we're going to like a taste test
zabi jelly thing in this vlog we both
ended up falling asleep on the show for
tonight
and now Zoey's kind of eaten one of the
jellies so we don't have a jelly taste
test in this vlog and I don't if you
know tomorrow because nuns always eaten
one of them thank you pop yet one as
well so she ate this one we can't do a
jelly taste test with that four flavors
this was going to be a taste test video
local me to the ice cream one on my main
channel I'm going to end the vlog down
here before we got to bed guys doing a
parent or an Indian they did but they
can't see I'm in my boxers I started
getting changed to get into bed and then
I realized I left my laptop and
everything down here so I came back down
and now I'm tending the dog down here
today's notification shoutout goes to
just trying to find somebody
the can we just run that charge which is
always good if Lexi Tiana oats
underscore Lexi on Twitter thank you for
minutes again I just rushed the end into
this vlog like mad and then so resolved
you need a battery and just possibly one
from the side in her office so we're all
good as I was saying thank you so much
for the love and support in this video I
want to see how many times count guys
how many times I did this today in the
blog because I'm going to try and do it
less I don't know why I do it so much I
think it's because I'm holding the
camera with this arm so I have this on
three so I just like to make shape
make sheep if you enjoyed it give the
video a thumbs up I'll catch you in the
morning guys good oh I hope you enjoyed
enjoyed the enjoyment join the drug
footage as well I'll catch you tomorrow
