oh good morning guys good morning
how you doing I've had a super intense
day working I wish I could tell you what
I've been working on this morning but I
can't I'm just it was intense let me
tell you that very very stressful
something very new anyways had an
exciting package arrived this morning I
haven't even had breakfast yet do you
want to know the time I don't know the
time for there's nothing soft positive
and I just sensed you in a video the
other day I'm going to start trying to
feel more in the mornings half past two
you're not even ready to see what has
arrived
I'm so excited so if you've been
watching this ropes a while you'll know
that I've got a DJI phantom 4 drone it
the only issue with it is that it's so
big like the case that it comes in like
literally this big its massive so it's
impossible to take anywhere but because
it's so damn big the only time I can
ever take it somewhere would be if I
don't already have a backpack on which
is quite rare or if we're taking the car
although the other day I couldn't
actually fit it in the car anyways I've
lent Shawn that drone and he's been
using it in his videos for a little bit
and I bought myself then I couldn't help
that bought myself as a new drone the
new DJI Matic prong that this is it this
is the drone I've never really arrived
this morning I haven't opened or
anything like all sealed here I want to
open it with you for the first time I've
been it very professionally with a pen
you're not one yeah
are you ready I'm so excited
like I've never seen one of these in
person tiny oh my gosh this is it that
is the drone that's it that's it miss
Justin why and this is the little remote
when she does why would you are this why
so why you not me because you just said
a man don't feel like you're bullying me
the quality this feels is unreal like
this feels so nice
no way look at it okay look at there it
is beautiful weather outside that the
sky is completely blue there's no
economist e1 cloud so what I'm going to
do is I'm going to charge all up I got
the combo pack as well so I've got some
extra goodies in here which is likes
their factories and things that you can
charge it in the car like imagine I can
just go to town with that inside my bag
and whenever I want I can get drone
footage everything charging down here
we've got the remote on 53% and then
we've got the three batteries what is
there is that you're worth box did it
arrive this morning come and then you
sit down there Val you sit down
good girl if you're confused what this
is this is a dog subscription and
knowledge as knows their subscription
box Oh No what's your favorite thing ah
we got this if you have a lace ah feels
really cold on the inside that's really
that spike it yeah thank you more about
this UFO super bounce activated flashing
technology flushes she's not interested
in the toys you know what fishstick
handmade Holly's favorite
I just inked flinger ring ah little
frisbee that's like no other size as
well
natural diet chicken a lamb all that
sounds good giant crunchy chicken parts
chicken and fish roll some more sticks
these on the beef sticks and watch this
I have a card in blueberry dental treat
oh no how big they are that will take
like a month to eat oh my god I think
I'm is slightly bigger dogs look at her
she's like all right let's try one of
these chicken or fish roll Hey
we go sitting down waiting for us yeah
she wasn't sure oh she's gonna run away
so we can't steal it ow it's a bit chewy
this is that the longest has ever taken
it to eat a tree yeah normally Nala
finishes treats within like five seconds
oh you want some more you want another
one I different one maybe one of the B
yeah another healthy one really smelling
like no one CL and more bite-sized there
we go
good very good camera can be just like a
little a down Oh Missy Turner oh she's
doing everything she can to get one Hey
Girl come to God says we in a real rush
if we're going to make this some song no
I thought we were going to make the
sunset we haven't made the sunset just
filming out the bedroom window now that
looks beautiful
many only issues that the Sun is already
set if I was to leave the house now okay
let me sit down and explain so we've got
a couple of options
what's your number one we leave the
house now we rush as fast as we possibly
can in the car down to the beach and
shoot some footage whatever we can
possibly get option number two is that
we relax we charge up all of the
batteries we make sure the control is a
hundred percent charge we research how
to fly this drone
because I don't actually know how to fly
this drone we make sure that my drone
app is actually updated to the best one
it can possibly be and we head down
tomorrow when the Sun is actually
setting or maybe sunrise that's maybe a
bit too ambitious when the Sun is
setting and we 100% get some sick shots
I want to do option one more than
anything
drones arrived today I'm so excited
right now to get using it but at the
same time I don't feel very confident
that we're going to get down to the
beach in time I'm going to learn how to
use to join within a couple of minutes
and we're going to capture the footage
that we want so I think the first option
would be to go tomorrow so we're not
going to go today I'm sorry that I've
built up and apart you guys up and a
flight myself up that we were going to
go down to the beach and get some sick
shots off the sunset with the drone but
it's not going to happen I've never even
used this drone before I don't even know
if the batteries are charged yet we're
getting too ambitious we're getting too
ahead of ourselves
Alfie's you need to calm down you need
to slow down and you need to go and sign
your posters that you actually do need
to do twenty minutes to five at the
moment the sims 4 episode 1 is all
uploaded and scheduled for tonight and
the daily vlog is all uploaded and
scheduled for tonight so we've got two
videos going up tonight on time then
work my butt off to make sure that these
are done on time today and now what I
actually do have to do is sign all of
these so if you don't know on the
Creator store I sell PB much posters
they're all signed hand signed by me
they look like this and they're like
super thick like the quality done if you
can hear that is like like these are
amazing but we've run out on the website
so I need to sign some more for you got
a ton of audition shop is like silver
gold and bronze and I need to sign all
of this SAP minimum like tomorrow
just finished shining all of them
there's 215 like that's not very many
250 new ones goes on the website when
you leave a link down below hopefully by
now you're going to be able to you can
go to awesome be quick guys they're
getting set out tomorrow morning by the
time you're watching it
they've already been picked up then I
can pull this er ha don't break it
happen tonight
so they're gonna shoot it down
maybe they click through the handle I
think I'm funny when to do it
mmm yeah yeah sick okay that's all done
200 videos going up for two new videos
gone up tonight and some 250 posters for
you guys right time for a GMT tonight's
gin is Forrest gin popping Sean got me
this not getting crazy tonight guys to
come with the singles now annoyingly I
don't have any ice at all so this is my
gin mmm annoying we need to buy some ice
this is the finished product
dinner it looks amazing we got episode
for the series of unfortunate events on
which so far I think Zoe's watched a
good 10 minutes a good half an hour yeah
a good 20 minutes to half an hour
collectively of all the rep aside plus
the 25 minutes of this one because every
single time we put it on we watch it
late at night and Zoey just fall
straight asleep so we haven't actually
watched much I'm cold you're not cold so
we take it between their cheek this bit
yeah
Kim Yuna we've just got into bed to
watch episode number six of the series
of unfortunate events I'm going to end
the vlog here and finish it properly
tomorrow morning because I know I know
I'm going to fill this with us watching
this and I definitely want to shout one
of you guys out at my notifications
already so I will see you in the morning
good night we're doing this again we're
ending the blog the next day this is
Nauti Alfie feel like I'm telling my my
past self off where I am that was not
good you can't get into bed when you
need to end your vlog and say you're too
tied to end your blog that's cheating
you're a daily vlogger no no no you tell
them tell them or say no no maybe
let me find today also you see my
haircut
you don't make see this till tomorrow
don't look at my hair let me find
something to shout out going on going on
Twitter to look see who's got my
notifications turned on shout me out
today's video my name is Cody and it
would be my dream to have a shout out
Cody Barrington you got my notifications
on your the shout out of today thank you
for all the love and the support and I
hope I made your dream possible I
achieved it you dreamers have a shadow
that's exactly what you've got what
editing this I've noticed that most of
it was even talking about dog products
or my new drone I apologize but I hope
you've enjoyed it and we're back to
normal tomorrow
nearly Squatch they give the video a
thumbs up go down below smash that
thumbs up button go check out the new
simmons biddy if you haven't already
because episode 2 is going up soon and
we need to make sure that you've all
seen episode 1 I'll see you tomorrow
subscribe down below if you're not
already good night
