it may be 12 minutes plus 11 which is
basically lunchtime and yes I'm still in
bed but but tonight's vlog is already
edited finished done so there is no
possible way excuse for anything that
the vlog tonight is going to be late
the only thing is it is 11 o'clock lunch
time and I am haven't got out of bed
because I've just been Edison all
morning he is a good video though it's
going to be worth it it's a really good
one I'm just realize I'm not the only
one in bed
niala still asleep although she has got
up and been to the toilet and had a
breakfast which I kind of haven't done
any of those things myself I'm going to
go get in the shower let's sit down and
have a look at the things that have
arrived in the post this morning with my
two deliveries actually I don't even
have this bit of rice today but this is
just on the side in the kitchen and this
is Louise's new DVD Louise life 2016
simply designed by Louise herself oh
that's actually really cool but I'm
actually being serious
although the cases like the boxes are
all glittery okay that's really sick
it's on the back as well fair play
Louise this is cool I'm actually really
excited to watch it I have to say Louise
is one of the most supportive people of
anything I do like anytime I bring out
new merchandise and the book or
something like that
she always mentions it in her videos so
I'm going to do my best you know I'm
like I'm going to forget but I'm going
to do my best but I'm going to forget
but I'm going to do my best to leave a
link down below you guys to check this
out this is Louise's I think it's like a
stand-up comedy kind of chatty show I
didn't manage to actually go whilst it
was on Zoey did but I couldn't make it
but I can watch this we're going to
another delivery Israel today from
Amazon I do remember ordering stuff from
Amazon but I don't remember what is that
I actually ordered and I swear it was
like yesterday because his Amazon Prime
which makes me think that I might be
getting memory loss why what was I
saying
I know what it is okay this is actually
really excited we've got two headphone
splitter
because when Zoey and I recording scenes
were we wear a pair of headphones each
and we always lose the splitter so I
ordered two new ones this is basically
some cumbersome headphones for sins and
a high quality fine mesh clock cult
cover I didn't order it cup I ordered a
Maps map it's better the amount Matt oh
it's a big one I wanted a really big
mouse map because when we're playing
sins we take interns who's using a mouse
constant then we passed it to each other
so if we've got a mouse man like a
normal-size one one of us uses it then
we pass the mouse over and then we don't
have a mass map so I ordered a mouse mat
that is basically the size of the desk
like how thick is this so you put that
down then you put your keyboard on it
and then you've got a mouse map both
sides of the amazing this is going to be
so good for Sims okay I'm really happy
how happy you want a scale of 1 to 10
how happy guys we just caught for lunch
I've got a credible looking burger and
chips you later goodbye so mine I have a
nice meat of about me goodbye
everyone's leaving me will come out for
a group lunch no this is my level before
meeting you know what 2014 Joella
wouldn't believe in me thousand fourteen
sort of in you cuddling me good luck in
your region everyone else's let's go to
leeching finish Milani shop just up here
by myself in town or what time it was
named bit regulated hello
should we go out on a walk through there
for a little walk she would take you out
for a walk coming here come on Italy p8
it is such a lovely day today the sky
there is like literally no clouds in the
sky it's just so like fresh you know and
there's like really cold but not too
cold it's like it's like a perfect
January day let's run let's run let's
run oh my gosh you're so fast lemon Eck
well nearly trod on you
alright I have no idea when I last blog
James been over like two hours yeah how
many changes about that dave has been
eating this camembert but yeah Zoe is
back as well from our meetings
how long will meet in four and a half
hours it's ridiculous I'm kissing before
that was like two and a half oh my gosh
seven-hour hearing us not the one live
just wait to camembert this however way
where is not for you that's not for you
and bake the bread as well no if you're
even watching that you're lucky because
I don't even know what I'm good upload
today Dave's about to head out now
what's the time I let you know it okay
oh that's a good show eight minutes
it's far Ken I'm chat the time in like
hours they've got back to his that just
cabin was it cold at the moment where
did it snow the other day when you were
there I was no still in Slovenian ah I
really wanted to get those shuffle on
what something of course it'll snow
again yeah but that's too cold right the
other day I was it was minus three it
was the feisty lon
you have to wake up in the night put the
firearm no it doesn't stay on all night
because it's so small that yeah burn it
it only lasts for like couple of hours
Matt was he on the 25th man yeah we've
got exciting times planned yeah ah yeah
coming coming plan where's your motto
I know you need to get a map Mars on the
outside if someone robbed yet someone
hooked it up right at the end of it man
that is kind of all the filmed like it's
the next day I forgot to even end the
vlog I forgot to even shout out one of
you guys who have my notifications on I
am the worst well actually I've been
good recently I've been very good just
just yesterday I was the worst daily
vlogger yesterday just ending the blog
up now I know it's a little bit of a
short one but I've got some good news as
you're watching this why do I do this
all the time somebody coming to the
other day say why does every condition
the chance I don't know
as you're watching here I think I'd like
to use my hands as you're watching this
the first episode the first episode of
the brand new zombie Sims series where
we've made ourselves episode 1 Zoe and I
sit down it's like half now episode and
we make me in Sims but actual we make it
close and as real as me as we possibly
can so that is like right now just go
down below link is down there now go
check it out before you do that I just
want to shout out one of you guys like I
do in every single blog if you go down
below next to the subscribe button
subscribe as well but tell my
notifications on the little bell emoji I
shout out somebody who has got them
turned on in every vlog and today it is
when we could Linda from Twitter she but
notice business on shout out is my dream
if I get one my name is Emma so I think
it must be Emma tweeting off of her
mom's a character no she's tweet me
pictures the investigations been on so
Emma or Linda the user name is Keegan
Linda your today's shut up thank you
so much for the sport nav mode
notifications on thing I think that's
about it for this video I know it's a
short one but you've got a half now Sims
episode to go and enjoy so get your butt
over there
click the link down below get wash of
that give this video a thumbs up go down
below hit that thumbs up button and I
will see you tomorrow I'm just having
crazy exciting package of rice if I'm
not going to show you too much that that
in that little black bag I see in the
morning
hi
