forever growing older how is it growing
older but why did I do stay in the
kitchen why did I do it how many a
problem that 2014 sila you mean the most
I can ask you why you do your coats even
bigger than my coat you know my fluffy
one like you know how much I love this
coat is it let me feel it
come on this even sniffing that for like
three minutes now your mom good go let's
get your jacket off good morning guys
good morning how you doing
just got back from a little walk with
Nala and Zoe which was super nice until
it started raining loads so that wasn't
so fun but on a positive note
I've just finished up editing the first
episode of the new sim series which is
coming super super soon and I'm just
about to jump in a meeting and 15
minutes I'm going to try and edit a
little bit the date of up first
of I trapped you accidentally trapped
you in here going there we just finished
up a big call me jo Louise and Casper's
got me foam rolling
no one can do I let me took my
headphones out look it this is this is
our call on skype wait let me see it I
wanted you to get a dragon or something
well shoe and calm Barbara okay or you
get that you on yeah comments hello to
everyone
oh yeah I do like it bye just finish up
that meeting super super successful then
as you saw jumped on a Skype call with
the guys we haven't all jumped on skype
together no you know it since yesterday
when we're talking about an old school
2014 YouTube
it actually side happening like we were
all just on skype together and we
haven't done for around ages there was
Oh Casper Luiz myself and Zoe and then
previously in the meeting there's all of
those people and Tania and Jim and Naomi
and then other people have a meeting
with and work people and stuff that
potentially it's a really really
exciting stuff happening could be coming
in a few months right time to grab some
lunch it's really hot in this room need
to make some lunch and then we need to
fill extra number two of the things so
instead of having lunch
so in I ended up filming a 59 minute
episode of Sims didn't it feel like 20
minutes okay
instead it just didn't feel long at all
so second episode of the new series
finished saving at the moment and
everything it's going to be a really
really good one we just made Zoe and
Zoe's house and there's a surprise at
the end of the week didn't mean to
happen
something accidentally happened it is
really really cool but though it's just
making some passes for lunch I was going
to cook some lunch and stuff that I I've
been craving sushi for so many days now
I've been having a sushi must be at
least a week maybe two
no a pea yeah what was the last word
when I went to Waitrose well me us but
you get by and get sushi yes when we got
back from New Year yeah I'm actually a
while see look at that
so I'm going to go get my certain sushi
then I'm going to come back and edit the
rest of Rosalind I tried to edit some
some of my brothers for the meeting
ain't got edited 17 seconds so I'm not
very productive I need to get yogurt
that I owe you a yogurt from the other
day a banana one rumor and for this
fight one piece the very alright hummus
a yogurt and camembert yeah okay yeah in
a bit this pasta that you want to be
best on of all time
well I love it
that's ever again very good like I can't
even tell you how many times I just
drove around this entire car park and
wait to us to find a parking spot I
didn't realize the school has just
finished one of my biggest pet peeves
has to be people in car parks there's a
really lovely looking woman just getting
back into a car with her shopping bags
put them all in the boo and as she was
like going round I like smiled and waved
at to be like hey I'm just gonna wait
for your spot and I was clearly waiting
for a spot she smiled back seemed really
really nice good in the car and then
just decided to eat her lunch I just
said the drivers will like just sat
there with me waiting to go into her
space and she knew it because I might
wave to her and stuff decided to just
eat a lunch I waited I reckon with
people behind me a good solid three
minutes while she was just sitting there
eating so I just drove away carried on
circling looking for more spaces and
like I don't know why she knew I was
waiting surely she could do that all
sorry like I'm going to be a wild kind
of thing 12 them saying yeah you can
have my space let me just eat my lunch
first once you wait for me anyways
anyways I got a spaceman got a really
really big space it probably just took
like 15 billion minutes to find it on a
positive note we're going to get sushi
on
really I think what Zoe's favorite
you'll get because you know they yes
they do
okay they've got them we've got them far
does then you've got one okay they've
got to my shopping list and Zoe with
camembert rumor and yogurt and jelly
I've no idea where to find jelly
okay then even though it's summer in the
fridge I've been told
il-8 which is this one here I think the
very ones that like hartley journey is
it Hartley I don't know this is the one
found at Hartley I was right raspberry
cranberry raspberry passionfruit straw
or nod on which flavor Xuan I've got the
dream lunch the dream lunch look at it
look at it I am so excited
but this genuinely makes me so happy and
I can't miss this so much and I don't
want to be having it a lot I want to be
doing more cooking you let know that but
come on look at it look at it if you
like sushi you know what I pale in those
two exit in the news outfit video is
still going out tonight
yeah just taken me a really long time
country what are we doing that I'm gonna
play the Xbox hello Jo I go away - go
away
let's finish editing her video and
you've got myself a chicken oh that's
hot chicken for dinner I'll be
ensuring a now over Sean and I are about
to play rocket League ah
we've anyone remote which sucks so bad
real fast I would go to as duck and get
another remote control but probably and
Sean got a little bed in like 20 minutes
and then I'll often that is actually a
bedtime I just want my first game you
want oh look got a new item hope you
meant to be asleep in eight minutes
quick go to bed run I've heard rumors
that vine it might not be true is
officially shutting down tomorrow
that's over done so I'm going on my old
vine account and Zoe and I again we're
going to be happy no no come here she
come and I was looking at us and just
barking coming in I want if you haven't
watched these in ages I like this one
with man yeah there's more than what you
think because this is go over a million
plays a million plays you ready yeah
oh I can't even watch them they're gonna
be so cringe I like that one I found
that one fear I think I was genuinely
good now I've been Darcy's little Karla
we gotta have for our birthday yeah
that's got 48,000 ravines Wow
oh my gosh watching okay so this next
one the worst pain ever did the chair
are you ready to let your stomach your
tail brush exactly roll by Joe into it
you should have probably picked that
this is with you go home escape like why
did I even do that I think that was at
the point when Zach you wouldn't like no
I think my smile guys out he was out of
that yes 2014 yeah I don't know what
made that that's got any two million
plays that's funny
oh this is ride to start hating my life
dishes got two and a half million plays
to growing older for this is line older
common to growing old ever why did I do
I say any kids chair why did I do it are
me a problem for resident line under
also when I did that the chaired the
back chair legs were already broken hi
they were like already slightly broken
because what actually happened the story
behind this is other than AB stuff with
two friends and it was like 2 a.m. or
something like that and I was blogging
and I sat in the chair was vlog in and
the back makes cracks and went to the
side and the security came it were like
you need to get out now
and also what is that you're perfectly
breaking things I thought I'm legit like
didn't mean to break that I just tried
to sit in the little kids chair is like
uniformly like you need to get out now
and I was
okay how about I just pay for the chair
and you let me carry on shopping and
that was the agreement I'd pay for the
chair so then I just had this random
like how much was that like you queer
nobody that a couple of quid so I just
random like broken kids chairs I didn't
know what to do with still doesn't mean
it's okay to make a vine like that well
what the hell is that
I mean fine what is right you're saying
it's not okay let's you're this next one
is not really that relatable doesn't add
oh I don't want to think it's chairs
Gina why are they so this morning I have
to go early do you I hate this morning
up there but they're all over to do that
I don't I don't quite funny
I think that's quite funny but you
definitely feel that somewhere in just
coffee not if you go somewhere you sure
couldn't see that somewhere look at
Jerry you click buy more peaceful Jerry
just agree can you do it now now you say
what do it you can do that is this one
this is so critical my hair looks really
great don't Yura what the blade of my
talk feel better is my TV and when up
top down your gullet
don't yell what the pleasure my talk to
bed is my TV and my up to know how many
times
no I don't run run go to your room don't
you agree how many times I filmed that
run by attaching bashing thinking back
to how many times like why because
obviously back in the day we've either
than it has changed like previously
towards the end of that when you film as
soon as yet got stops and just to get
the next one point man perfect yeah
that's you like 10 times to get that I
would get it up to the embarrassing 109
down power
time not mine not mine mine how about no
okay like what one problem at a time not
mine not mine
how about no so while trying to come
across is when you're in class you
always get given the biggest paragraph
to read yeah it just wasn't funny
no your hello hey in origin another good
yeah you're having a good time
it is good yeah you've actually done
done it no all these is like that don't
look good
yes they did when you don't think I just
had it done okay now you're going to fit
right on your net this is a live one day
ha ha ha ha good readers can remember
thy father thy brother in apostasy
Oakley onion is this one bent or in my
jawline looks ridiculous that we can a
lot to be awkwardly on your neck you're
in his necks on another egg and a lock
here we go boy why as I saw oh I
remember
why don't what judge whether whether
what did I want to be whether your hand
is amazing look I turned I am that's
definitely awesome holiday in there good
mark and I work for money where's the
change in the money someone to the money
in back in 2001 why by God when I gave
you that key founder one wonder singing
that's one good one no no that was just
a really like vital key my own man cuz
camera Dallas isn't it nice what is it
the most cringe oh this is genuinely
good this is actually a good one
listen to me listen it's go
Oh oh this is this is good this is a
good one
love it know what love it
sorry what am i there oh now I'm going
to try and scream record them all and
add them into this video
and some of the wonders that's what I
thought some of them I'm definitely
gladly mind is going to be deleting
hopefully by the time you watch this
vine is gone and they all my videos
ah makes you crazy mate hittin my toe
why do they do that so why did I ever
think anyone would want to watch that
that's what I don't get thank you though
they did watch it
but why how many followers do I have on
vine 655,000 followers here are you
following 18 people cannot see about 25
million plays on vine like this ensign
have a look oh there you are just like
one of toilet is that this issue is vine
you can you go to go is your video is so
hard to get the right time and then what
I react and then you revine tell me why
not
my god
one does not have iridescent been fun
requested by Harry and me don't worry no
more followers of me and you've uploaded
one vine ah
savage you know what is remaining going
oh sorry man there we got exactly to
that hat sai kaew million huh two
million not more than any of yours no I
do want to own one well yeah don't worry
my most cringe one anyways I hope you
enjoyed that they were second o'clock
what you doing what you my oldest that's
so embarrassing
did you help me and Casper film that one
yeah you did yeah
time to go up to bed Missy you ready
let's go up why ailment what are you
doing are you gonna do what just to see
the camera how are you can you do pause
there look what about 10 minutes what
were you gonna do there according for
six minutes and Zoey's just seen the
camera what are you gonna do nothing
tell me I can see you in the mirror I
told you stop disrupting me I'm watching
when his love 25 by family and friends
ugly yeah I tell you some thousand
things I make for myself the hero 24
what's my mum ask me whatever it to be
when I was older you won't pick up an
IRA my mum walks another car picking up
desktop that this one's oh oh no why one
more today I'll see it's the day that
you cringe at your own video vine video
gaining support on YouTube I really
wanna see what kind of support
you thought you could gain or loud
German SEC I'm going to go which one
would make you die morons oh well why do
you have to watch any of them
I used to get other people to intro
every video of mine for me ah yeah Oh
intro you can see we did I know I saw so
then you jump on in generally a limit on
say tomatoes messages were strong doubt
it now let's look closer painting
support alright hey that's enough for
tonight
should we just go to bed do you save me
how do you research for those videos
right I don't know I think I just search
popular news stories or like weird
website from sake why have you taken all
this or blanket give me some of that
Oh baby liquid doggy
no no no no no no no no no niggas oh no
a liquid oddly good old days if you were
sure then look at me look at me
hahahahaha look at look at all look at
that look at that look at that you don't
unit light
look I just realized you know in 2014
when Jonah was really hot that's what
you look like you wanna snacks oh this
is
because you boy you could take away my
best friends and I would realize well
guess what what I don't care you don't
get not sleeping yes you do give me back
my I knew you'd get I don't know neither
am I gonna fit in them probably by deep
it right I'm going to end the vlog guys
we're going to watch series of
unfortunate events though the only issue
is that last night Zoe fell asleep was
from episode one there's only so much so
one and I said whatever side three so
what we're going to watch the one where
so direct like 20 minutes I did see was
so good but it was really good
I set up to a half to watching it yeah
right I'm going to leave the blood guide
so you've enjoyed that give it a thumbs
up go down below car and he shut
somebody up because my notifications on
every single day I nearly forget and
then I end up doing it in bed you have
to try and guess their name this is the
vessel oh okay
and here we go right guess a female
named Chloe not because Zoe nothing Joey
no charlie
- Ari hey Jesse Jack how on a minute
Jesse how is Jesse close to Chloe like
Chloe
Jesse night yeah yeah
anyways Jesse on Twitter Jessie J H one
two three hopefully I get a shout out
these got my notifications on just tweet
me pictures Jesse James Jesse Plemons
Jade got my notifications on that is the
shout out if you want to shout out go
down like tomorrow's game shop let me
know twin or something like that doing
like a no no no we like it oh grandma
transwomen over you oh we can do didn't
filter the dough in like you know how
she does not burn boy good night guys Oh
Ryan so now what tell me where they are
well my first your friends you don't
have any friends and it's not festive
season although you are wearing
Christmas knickers right
I see dry guys good night
sure are a good night
no seriously no seriously where are they
and next slide you're closing your eyes
to go to sleep let your night guys oh
good morning Zoe good night guys good
morning
and the time
