what's going on what's mommy doing
what's happenin
you tired Misha's wrap it all up like a
little drink good morning guys are you
doing it's currently sir no no you and
me no no J clutter on me so we should do
it it's currently Saturday I got in last
night like 10 to 3 so I'm pretty tired
today
naughty men hello much she slept upright
on the pillow love that how are you
doing you can't think she's lazy she's
lazy I'm not lazy yeah at today's - she
has got up and she has had a breakfast
and I have not done even those things
yeah although the weather outside looks
incredible it looks like such a lovely
day so I am excited we need to get out
I've decided there has been quite a few
days in a row I'm thinking about five or
seven days I'm just guessing
so don't correct me on that since I've
had sushi and I really really want some
sushi so I think I'm going to drive to
Waitrose and get some sushi what are you
doing you're hiding from oh but she
literally couldn't care less although
she is looking at you
where's mummy she found you she's found
you did it happen this is what happens
in the selfie household weird dog games
also them the lighting is incredible
today I told you it's a beautiful day I
kind of want to show you but then it
means I've to get up without a bed and
I'm not ready for that yet
I just remembered I haven't told you
guys yet about the release the hounds
trailer that got released yesterday so
as you know Jo Marcus and myself are all
going on the TV show release the hounds
it's like a celebrity special for
charity and we filmed it what is going
on
hello - licking my toes we filmed it a
couple of months ago we had so much fun
it was like great someone's will get me
it was ringing me Jay Charlie's ringing
me it was like crazy it's like the
scariest experience I've ever had in my
entire life
and there's actually a trailer of Elmen
and leave a link down below so you can
go check the trailer out I don't think
we're going to be like all of it in this
video so I'll put a couple of seconds in
now release our famous feel free I
cannot even tell you how excited I am I
think as in February of course I'll let
you know beforehand but it's going to be
in sane look at nice weather it this is
one morning's turned into oh my god they
think how much work this will actually
be yeah a lot like but the only positive
or not the only this many the positive
is that there will be a lot of work for
maybe like four months and then it will
get easier
no gymba get easier very quickly now
we're going to be excited when we got
knowledge we weren't prepared we don't
know when to get our second plug we
really really want a white pug for a
second one but we don't know went when
to get one we don't know when when it's
the right time because you need to
almost take a load of time off of work
or let's trip your work right back to be
able to properly look after and bring up
and train your new puppy and we want to
do that so bad but we don't know when
the right moment is I've got jeans on so
far and I don't really is it weird that
quite often I wear
a fiddy and just no t-shirt underneath
like I just go straight for a hoodie so
at the moment these are like my jackets
and stuff and these are my hoodie's I'm
tempted to just wear a hoodie today and
just not have a t-shirt underneath that
terms of you guys have been asking
recently where my love bracelet is gone
you all know there's only nice hosts
where these love bracelets that we
bought each other
let's we buy them how many years ago you
what makes my funny fit two thousand
five years ago now and basically when we
went away recently to Edinburgh you bet
you can't go through the airport without
beeping and then having to explain that
it's there but it's the bracelet
man you're mad man nobody for me it's
just that I really wanted to have a good
like anxiety free flight and generally
having to queue up security and then get
mine I know it makes me feel like really
like oh so I was like right I'll be on
the ball hit on I'm going to take my not
just for while we go to Edinburgh
so basically mine kept on falling off me
for the second time so I kept falling
off I sent it back to the company they
fixed it sent it back kept them falling
off again so I've just received it back
this morning in the post actually were
both putting them back on yours
literally and let me take my another box
that when you're just closed like this
my luck fits around yours yeah I don't
have any trouble with mine a touch would
just under is tight as possible you know
but don't Jack Jack dab dock berg of me
don't dump me job I meant to say ow do
actually hurt you have to be careful you
don't scratch the bracelet we're doing
that as well
yeah okay yours is on just as tight as
you possibly can they don't scratch no I
don't mind I'd rather you scratch the
bracelet by tying it up then it fall off
I was kind tighten a bit if you want to
about you want to tight you feel better
now you feel more in tune with me
just before we've got these love
bracelets on our wrists today we nearly
broke up
didn't with our way I was just telling
them can you hear me it's just telling
them before we put the bracelets on this
morning we nearly broke up what happened
you hit my other Zoey bought myself to
yoghurt you also pick your own tea when
we went to Sainsbury's we both picked
two yogurts each the are our favorite
yoga oh this one's my favorite I fought
it but I love this one and it seems like
they recommended but I love this one
it's amazing Easter edition I'm so
excited
going for it this morning both children
anything to remind I took one of Zoe's
yoga I'm not happy about it
you can't loan now we've got a love
bracelets on you're not allowed to moan
anything drive to buy you a new one of
these yogurt oh you can have one of mine
she doesn't want it that means I get
three see you later
say nobody just jumped in the car and
I'm heading off to go meet up with the
guys that are playing poker with last
night we're just going to go grab some
food and Stuart's girlfriend's coming as
well actually Zoey is in the bar having
like a a spa day literally like a home
spa day she's in the bar that just went
up now with like a laptop playing
YouTube video she's ended like this hmm
this morning it was like the most
beautiful sky ever I was facetiming Sean
Poppins one in London today shopping and
I FaceTime Sean this morning just a lot
for him that it's lovely weather here
and it is raining in London where they
were and I was like you shouldn't have
gone to London today we've got beautiful
weather we haven't serves me right
but we kind of all just grab a lunch
super super rush I didn't get to film
anything and then everybody wanted to
bring table tennis so we've got Stuart
his girlfriend Sophie Lauren and Trey
all upstairs in my office playing table
tennis as ever I have to head back now
because I need to edit my daily vlog and
my laptop is a home to Eddy odd
so I'm leaving them all in my office I'm
trusting them I really regret wearing my
Bluetooth it's so rainy I'm rushing back
as quick as I possibly can to get this
blog up it's half past three
I'm feeling confident feeling like I can
do it straight on my laptop time to edit
this card you can get it up get it up
get it up just fingers crossed that once
I finish editing the internet speed in
this house is good today although it's a
Saturday which means that those people
in the area will be on the Internet it's
currently uploading and the guys at my
office have just text me a picture and
saying how have you never thought of
this they've lined up all of my cups
along the table and then Stuart's over
there with the nerf gun and there's Jay
and they're shooting them all down they
do like a target practice inside my
office whilst I'm at home uploading the
new vlog but for some reason my vlog
just went weird and I when it went to
upload it just deleted the video and
tweet it out a link that wasn't I had no
idea what happened with yesterday's vlog
guys but I've just finished reloading it
it's 95 percent processing it's 10
minutes to 6:00 in the evening
I send you up an hour ago it was going
to be on time then re-upload it so I'm
very very sorry but not much I can do
wasn't on my end it just went weird and
YouTube for some reason when I let's go
back to my office I'm going to walk in
there's going to be like nerf gun
bullets everywhere there's going to be
like just sick way things out the BMX is
out the every single gadget thing that
I've got in the office I know they're
going to be playing with so they just
kill it look Laura it's just ringing me
hello see you later
so the plan has changed up a little bit
I was meant to be driving into this has
been like the messiest vlog in the world
I have no idea why I filmed today I'm
very sorry I said I was meant to drive
into town park up go to my office and
they mess about with the guys in the
office tonight I then suggested that we
go bowling because bright and bold Lex
is now turned into like the Hollywood
bowling so I don't even know some kind
of new fancy bowling place and
apparently it's like amazing if you've
been watching these vlogs for a while
you know how much I love bowling
so whilst I've driven into town cheese
rung them up booked us two games and now
they've all leaving my office come to
meet me here they're going to jump in
the car and then we're all going to go
bowling we've got to be that our game
starts in exactly half an hour
I think what's the way Cornell bnj me on
to the left the players will see my boy
James on tour of the world will
oversensitive this year as lawyers think
is good at bowling I think he's really
totally let me give you a tease the vet
lawyers also thought he was the best at
table tennis Hey but I had to leave to
go and upload my video so I can actually
prove my skills I would have beaten him
or some sort of a ring maybe it's not
god J someone speaks he's trying to
close the o-ring big chain I take
bowling very very seriously one time we
came here we played like six games
each lane just a lane it just practiced
in how to bowl and yeah they've done
with this place up so I'm super super
exciting anything I like it's like
completely vanity now haven't see where
they could have all fresh new balls well
what if I either said the no thing not
done the other day the vlog when we were
at Lourdes playing poker
Stuart made a joke about Nollan not
having the nose and everyone in the
comments thought it was Charlie and she
was like no that was my joke not not I
agreed upon oh it's not DVD comments we
just wanted to claim the joke
let it all out looking so thick and
finally they've done up the little
screen you know when you get a strike or
something it's not likely the retro are
all like dinosaur knocking the ball over
it's all that fancy jets now they've got
all fancy colored pins like pink and
green and orange you glorified Oh mammy
we've got like a VIP Lane today
apparently Lynn 16 or we want the yellow
pin shutout Lord's has got one in 110 oh
no Jay's practicing his bowl he's been
stretching
look at him is it frightening on living
bowl technique are you going for the DAP
on tried hit at the end this time oh you
boys just got a strike look at it
I'm food number unfelt hashtag number
one not so not a good I've got to go
slap hence the three shots of it in the
last go underneath where he's at one two
three four five six zero imagining a
change in six zeros that's what I'm
talking about these are the final scores
of Game one although they were gone so
you guys might have caught them all game
two now Sophie survived got a strike and
then a spare ah
and I've got strike and then assess or
whatever so forgets I've got to either
get the same or better than to win
Jewess Lascaux she's going to go for the
front bowl technique already study on
his last go he got there he's got one
more Bowl is he going to Jim lad it
launches I began oh my gosh Lord is
going on ninety nine and he's got one in
left to get for the 100 no oh he's got
dry
oh oh here we go
there's the end scores everybody ninety
six ninety nine ninety eighty eight and
one two seven finished up Olin we're
coming out for dinner with in no wedge
business so many restaurants here we've
ended up in five guys have never had
some awful I nobody know how it works
you're kind of multiple photos there is
isn't that also living this three gunas
behind the counter they should at least
be five I've included Fuji versus five
guys are so and then there's not moving
north this is literally the worst joke
nice things again confused in here was
an ensign Aryan Maryam disturbing me
there's two minutes two minutes dishes
we got fifteen topic confused on some on
top my hot dog
what is the jack what do you think all
the way what everything no I can't
I'm going to die if I get any peppers on
there and then or hot sauce enhance and
black oh my gosh
more to get a bacon one job so there's
really big man cheese a little job how
something mayor elected pig was smart is
good onions grilled mushroom sketch of a
mustard
okay let's cook all the top in minor -
mushrooms and get as much yes I will -
occasion fries they stole our regular
are they huge okay let's go little
person I have no idea what to expect
when I receive this is it is it often
the people go for topics people go crazy
on everything and all of these how
didactic off of inflated you get every
dropping on my hotter you're hotter yeah
with every topic the variable here hi
here for the world and they get picked
up in class and I'll get the hot dog and
I'll come back for a burger if I drop if
I'm not full up enough this is I'm
trusting you
Justin yeah haha that looks amazing
this is hot dog it's incredible like
everything in it
just dropped everyone back time to fill
the car up with petrol
well actually technically diesel you
just can't spend money on petrol without
treating yourself and I've got a bit
carried away when treating myself so I
thought you know what I'll take Zoe back
a little present she loves a good
whisperer
so I'll bring her back whisperer and
then I saw a caramel a caramel
collection galaxy never seen this before
that looks amazing so I bought those too
paid for my petrol and then as I was
walking out I had to look at the ice
creams now why did I do that
why did I do it so I've got myself my
absolute favourite Magnum double caramel
this is like the best the best thing in
the world and then I didn't know what to
go for PFAs over there wasn't the
biggest selection in there so I went for
a twister I know I'm pretty sure she
loves a twister and then just to play it
safe as well got a magnum classic
because who doesn't who doesn't like a
magnum classic that's just that ice
cream and chocolate these look amazing
where's my doggy hello hey hey baby
oh you tired three boys had a nice
evening
squeaking away there we go
why is it that people not think I've
said this before in a vlog I don't know
what it is and why it is that people
talk to babies and dog differently than
they talk to anything else like a Sousa
talk to Nala my voice goes like this
knowing that hey but what what is it do
that surely I can just go Nala come on
then good girl Nala well the good kiln
are not as a known and do it with babies
or everyone does it with babies and then
the vase or like edges because I can't
speak doesn't mean it my lips to it I
don't know but I'm gonna go up said then
it was always up to done but I've got a
lot of snack
what is she doing you want to get to
your bed why are you in your bed come
upstairs recipe one okay well you can
sit down here if you want I'm going to
go up let's see what she does at lecture
dances uh-oh she's coming now on yay
we changed your mind so he close your
eyes
place them got your present close them
in this room oh you like twister yeah
sorry I thought you did probably this
just in case you don't ya see you're a
Magnum I'm a trickster but for myself
and I can double caramel Mario and look
at this fancy galaxy never seen that
before
double caramel Magnum in bed whilst on
my laptop when my girlfriend I'm a dog
well their knowledge be a weed she's on
the floor I don't know why she doesn't
want to come to bed tonight can we watch
black mirror can we have him watching
that episode that I didn't get to finish
last night you look like a slug a good
look okay look at you ha ha ha I've
eaten one magnum and I've got a slight
issue I cannot be bothered to get out of
bed and go downstairs and put this one
in the freezer so do I let it melt or do
I eat a second magnum tonight eat it eat
it I don't want to eat it I just don't
want to wake up and it'd be melted
enough to throw it away I don't want to
go downstairs II don't have to put it in
the freezer
guys not my fault I'm gonna have to eat
it it's just throw on a place to waste
you know may or may not just smash two
probably good on my face smashed that
second Magnum ed it would be like all
this in 30 seconds is so good when I
watch in I think it's the last episode
of black mirror that we haven't seen if
you don't already know at the end of
this videos every single day I shout out
one of you guys as my notifications on
so go down below click the little Bell
button next to the subscribe
turn my notifications on and twit me
bitch or command a blow that you've done
in stuff
so today's shout-out is this go here
Sophie lucky lock lucky l AC ke lock
safe lock so something nice about Sophie
buy what and three times to what is just
a fact my overnight focus our long about
not being focused sports you've enjoyed
the blog guys go down below smash with a
thumbs up and won both games bowling
today both games and that hot dog was
incredible like actually really really
want to go back it was so good
description already I'll see you in the
morning
good night I'm not in focus still I
don't know what's going on
good night guys
