I find it hard to start this video and I
don't know why like it's just blowing my
mind that it's already 2018 every year I
always set myself a ton of new goals a
ton of new tasks a ton of new challenges
things that I want to really really push
myself to succeed over lying all of like
on top of all of those small little
things that I want to do there was
always one overarching really big goal I
suppose that I try and achieve I
successfully achieved it in 2017 which
is to make the new year that were going
into which was 2017 better than every
other year of my life that I've had so
far and we achieved it I want to kick
off this video just by saying thank you
like the support has been absolutely
insane and especially over the last year
I about 18 months ago I was uploading
Brittany on my Puentes blog YouTube
channel on this YouTube channel my daily
vlogs and also my gaming channel but I
had no spare time to put into anything
else other than creating videos like I
couldn't really work on too many things
outside of YouTube and I suppose I took
I took much more chilled approach on
YouTube videos where I've really really
focused on creating these daily vlogs
that I stopped uploading on my pointless
blog channel and about eight months ago
I stopped uploading on my opponents blog
Games YouTube channel so that I could
focus on things outside of YouTube like
in 2017 I spent the vast majority of my
time every single day working on things
that you won't directly see now things
that happening in the future or just
things that are outside of YouTube like
property investment and stuff coming out
of 2017 I think content wise it's taught
me that I do want to start creating some
different kinds of contents like an
absolutely love making these daily
videos like this is literally like my
passion the interaction for making these
videos with you guys the people that
watch them I don't think I could get on
any on any other like style of content
or any other platform it's so real it's
so war it's so honest is my life when I
bump into you guys in the street
like you actually know me you know
everything about me it's crazy and I
love that but I think 20 like looking at
it as a whole because I had stopped
uploading as much on my points blog
channel my gaming channel and stuff like
that to be able to make these and do
everything else to do outside this year
I do want to focus on create some
different kinds of content as well like
the aim is hopefully I'm still going to
carry on date even login or if not at
least like a lot of locks like the vast
majority of the days but I do definitely
there is a couple of different kind of
things that I really really want to
start like on the launch back up like
with this blog channel I'm working on
starting a podcast at the moment there's
gonna be super sick don't know what it's
gonna be coming out but it's something
that I am working on I've started
filming some gaming videos again and I'm
in the process of hiring an editor to
edit those gaming videos for me content
wise for 2018 I'm feeling really really
good it's going to be strong we're going
to be switching things out we're gonna
be doing some new stuff and um I'm
limiting it excited charity is going to
be a big part for me this year I'm
working on a couple of different things
with some charities that really really
close to me and we've got some big stuff
happening in Brighton I'm also launching
something really really called this I'll
be able to tell you guys a bit more
about in the future because it's still
like being set up and everything at the
moment but I just wanted to relay again
the charity is super important something
that we're gonna get really involved
with this year me and you watching this
video
merchandise it's probably one of the
projects that I'm most excited for this
year like right at the end of last year
I hired an in-house graphic designer and
photographer like she works in the
office full-time and we've been working
on a talent to scientists science
designs recently for new products coming
out and we're gonna be releasing a lot
of new products this year not for the
next couple of months because we're just
working on different concepts and we're
sampling lots of different things but
starting in a few months time we're
going to be releasing tons of really
really cool stuff I'm like it's gonna be
it's gonna be big at the end of last
year we have the sub live PB pop-up shop
in London in Covent Garden and it was
like game-changing it was so
crazy there's support I still walk
around the streets like every single
time I leave the house I still see
people wearing the Sun like PP pop-up
shop clothing like it wasn't available
to buy online
it was create I've flown to other
countries and seeing you guys wearing
the merch in other countries that pop-up
shop was like game-changing so this year
I want to do a lot of cool stuff should
we say some pop-up shops and tours and
different things like that as well one
of anybody incorporate that have some
fun with the merch create some cool
stuff I'm growing the team employing
some people to help out and merchandise
is it's gonna be good the new company is
happening we're moving into a new office
space I can finally say in the second
week of February so next month we're
moving into a big new office space is
currently completely getting ripped out
and all done up and like the floors
being concreted the ceilings being like
all heightened there's little meeting
room Hut things being built there's a
studio being built for the crater store
so that we can shoot people's
merchandise we've got a fully
functioning kitchen being put in there
we're getting all this like massive
seating area and desk space and a
reception desk and like two meeting
rooms that have a store that can not
open it all up into one meeting room and
it's it's going to be called I did a
business talk in Lisbon in front of like
15,000 people and leaked a little bit of
information about the company not too
much and there's been a ton of press
going out recently and over Christmas
and stuff with people trying to guess to
what I could be working on the starting
up people have got some good guesses and
people have definitely got things that
the company will be doing annoying me
I'm not at a place just yet where I can
speak too much about the company because
everything is still like with my lawyers
and stuff all being set up and but as I
said to you we're moving into the new
office in the second week of February so
it's not very long the way until I can't
tell you about this new company and what
we're doing and what we're working on
and stuff but part of this new company
will be things like employing people and
growing the team to make like the best
merchandise products possible for you
guys will be hi recording and sound and
audio editors to me this podcast sick
hiring an editor to help edit my
aiming videos then you re I will still
be editing these daily vlogs but my
gaming videos and stuff like that would
be awesome to have some help just just
to free up my time you know I don't want
to be cliche and say it but I'm going to
be cliche and say it this year is the
year I feel like we're gonna do some
crazy stuff everything I'm just like
stepping up taking to the next level
this year we're going for it there's
probably a ton more that I should be
catching you up on and talking about but
my brain is my brain is all over the
place I'm too excited it's a new year
and I just want to I want to get back
into filming filming these vlogs so I
just want to say for the last time thank
you
this year is going to be savage and the
last thing there is to say and do now is
just to switch over to this camera this
this little camera over here and start
blogging again good morning guys good
morning hope you're having a lovely day
whatever you're doing wherever you are
feels good to be back
it feels good this get a new one thing
you haven't seen yet is my Christmas
present from Zoe like I know I built it
in a vlog but when I built it I wasn't
even allowed to press one key and now
the confess whatever I want whenever I
want
I also got this for Christmas an adult
all in one course level one
piano playing which I need to put some
time in to learn and then Joe bought me
this book for Christmas the little book
of life skills piano so I need to have a
proper read for that I haven't had a
chance yet I mean not that I'm expecting
already to be that amazing but you know
what I'm like of these kind of things
when I when they get something new and I
get a new challenge I just put all my
time into learning it like with the
Rubik's Cube I can solve it in under a
minute but we've just got back from a
week-long trip in bath with the family
like we work for New Year's so I haven't
had really I've probably been home since
Christmas for like maybe like four maybe
like four days so I haven't really had
too much time to put to put into
learning doo doo doo doo I think I
should get lessons I'm sure that tons of
you guys can play the piano let me know
what you think it'd be beneficial for me
to actually get piano lessons or
whatever you think I should just like
follow some YouTube tutorials like I'm
currently doing but I know that a piano
a lot of it is like is learning
technique and getting really really good
at like using the right fingers and the
right movements and everything like that
and so don't just want to be following
YouTube tutorials and learning it wrong
like like being able to play the songs
but just not doing it properly so that
when I do get better I've picked up bad
habits I suppose so I don't know whether
it's worth me getting some lessons or
whether I can just jam every evening and
teach myself
I also picked myself up this whilst I
was in bath which is a fujifilm x100t
loving it
like it is so so sick so if you see any
corner of instagrams of mind if you
don't follow me make sure you follow me
on Instagram that's the guy that I'm
going to be using some sitting here on
my laptop we have this thing in our gut
it's not meant to be there like you even
not as barking at it this is Matt oh my
god is meant to be in our gutter up
there so that leaves can't clog it and
get stuck but the but the wind is
blowing it out and it's literally I
swear is it going to smash one of these
blooming windows in a minute yeah I know
yeah we need to like put it back in
somehow we don't have a ladder hey Missy
hey you've been in the vlog in ages
how's it going drink of everyone I guess
oh that's nice who's always become
obsessed with this game forgot her an
iPad pro for Christmas so that she can
do what they like fancy drawing apps and
everything with the little stylus but so
far this is what no you have downloaded
the apps as well
about 14 seconds time guys I've got a
really random lunch
I've got like a sweet potato and
button-up little pie and then we've got
camembert as well and two sets as well
it's a two-person job
I just put my camera down there upstairs
and so his office
oh that excuse now they've been and
Percy someone's drawn because I don't
have a pair box which is basis I can
address when people can send me things
either you guys or company as I close it
now I did have one but I closed it down
when I had 40,000 subscribers on YouTube
because I just can't send so much stuff
that I couldn't keep on top of that but
occasionally company sends stuff to
Zoe's fear books very very sneaky
then Everett's smart or sneaky all right
after you were heard you talking to
zoella about the below-the-belt grooming
over the weekend I wanted to give you
some product to try for yourself
all right products are specifically
designed to address issues men face
below the belt to keep your to keep you
fresh and dry believe it or not some
some men get rather sweaty down there we
hope you enjoy the following from our
range fresh and dry balls instant clean
balls sports lubricant Quan God's
Caroline I can safely say that I do not
get sweaty down there I don't think I do
another exercise for that day
oh this is cool from a king company gin
boo-boos from the Christmas tree I'm
just opening it after Christmas and now
company on the Christmas tree however I
can still drink them
thank you very much below with about
grooming
but met this seems like it's a blooming
out this is not bloody ad guys blow the
belt grooming for men and it slits you
on arrow pointing down fresh and dry
balls Lux Iman oh dear after you've been
a huge fan of a youtube channel and we
have the like off smith 13 laptop case
oh well this looks fancy oh look at that
sick look at that it's just a Fiona the
daily Street Journal stow it yeah maybe
that sounds a bit better than Stoick I
doubt that 300 oars for tennis or 366
days avoiding and reflection thank you
very much that is a lot of bath bombs oh
so is that me in la hat or is this a
jersey Savage look at that that's a gift
to you from the Royal British Legion it
is a puppy oh wow some very fancy poppy
oh my gosh look at that that's so cool
there's this one penguin hey we recently
published unseen by Reggie Yates and we
wear the Alfie and Reggie have been
talking Reggie is asked if we can send
this copy of his book to our face so I
just so I just biked one along Oh they
literally cycled it along your gearbox
yeah
Reggie DMV yesterday on Instagram saying
about me and him working out together
once once the gyms going I'm a little
bit worried because Reggie is in
incredible shape and works out he's
doing the thing work every single day
this year he works out every day
actually oh no no I should probably
update you guys obviously you know that
I ordered a ton of gym equipment from
the gym at home the company then shut
down I lost all of my money it was super
annoying ivory ordered some of the gym
equipment that was meant to arrive for
for Christmas never turned up however
apparent
and I don't want to get my hopes up
apparently it standing up tomorrow
between 8 to 9 a.m. so in tomorrow's
vlog we could be getting some of the gym
equipment which it's gonna be cold
this is Reggie's new book I'm excited to
check it out up in the messaging him
about it I don't have to open this we
got a neat no you got scissors there
men's skincare bombs solo men's he wash
multi-planet performance mint you wash
for your face beard body and hair minty
a meaty wash happy we thought you might
like some brand new Taylor Swift
reputation match some Taylor Swift March
we've seen you join some they're similar
in your vlogs so couldn't not send it
over give me a shout if your if you ever
fancy tickets to any of our shows of
course I do
Betsy if you're watching give me a shout
I want to come along to turn the shows
are you that sick cold drip coffee tons
of coffee capsules alfie deyes flannel
from the white company some more David
Beckham YSL yo maybe I should get a
pitbull except one send in sick stuff oh
no considered out of a pair box I've
done incredibly well it would free stuff
today thank you so much they're all the
different companies and people that have
sent me things I appreciate it a lot
thank you for going out of your way to
send me things as well because obviously
me not having my own address makes
things a little bit more complicated
maybe I should get a pair box oh my god
look at--look was always going through a
center sack when I was younger I
remember Sunday's were for absolute
Chilean like pure relaxing gaming all
day and as I've got older they stayed
that way
however since moving into this house we
seem to spend our Sundays like
off-camera today the stuff that you
haven't seen I sorted all this paperwork
here sorting or recycling and the
rubbish ow
we're literally taking all the trees
down as you have seen putting all the
Christmas decorations back in the
basement and stuff I mean some of them
still here we can't even we haven't got
any boxes for to put away sorting all of
this Christmas stuff out from presents
and from the trips that we've been away
on recently putting with this kind of a
festive stuff back upstairs in the Attic
as I was saying son Sunday's used to be
pure relaxation but now I'm 24 I spend
Sundays tidying the house literally
Sunday's just like a sweaty sorting day
a tiring day my favorite day is Monday
my favorite day of the week is Monday
it's been a couple of hours since my
last block left I just made some dinner
dinner chilled out watch for YouTube
videos is already tony little bit of a
smother bath product in there that i put
in as it was running but I wanted to UM
I wanted to put this in before I get in
so I can show you guys oh my gosh look
at the size of it
one thing that I want to do this year
that I'm not too good at there's a
looking after my face and my skin and if
you've been watching the vlogs recently
you'll know that I've got a couple of
red patches in here that come and go all
the time depending on how much I'm
waster is so yesterday I bought some
like really intense like proper almost
like pharmaceutical kind of like
moisturizer to try and help it out when
I was going through my putting away the
peer box stuff earlier that I got sent
I found this that I've never used before
I know I've had one previously in the
old house
you charge it up and like buff your face
and I think it like what helps clean it
so what I'm going to is I'm going to put
on some of their ocean salt face and
body scrub that I got given scrub that
all into my face and then I'm gonna give
it a good buff or whatever this thing is
I don't know a good scrub I don't I
don't quite know what this is doing I
mean if it feels good I'm gonna leave
the vlog here just moisturize to my face
is not sweaty it's fresh it's clean its
moisturized if you've enjoyed the vlog
if you're glad that I'm back if you're
excited for 2018 if you're excited for
new content on other platforms other
channels and all stuff that I'm gonna oh
you can see me in the mirror in my boxes
that are gonna start working on this
year give the video a thumbs up let's
see let's see how many we can get for
the first vlog that go show some love if
you've watched all the way to the end I
appreciate that
appreciate a lot tomorrow's a big day
fingers crossed if my gym equipment
arrives then it's going to be a bloody
good day I'll see you then
