good afternoon guys good afternoon I
kind of look like is it like an Eskimo I
look like a living like down tight deck
here in the UK as soon as there is the
tiniest bit of snow we're pathetic like
nobody can drive nobody goes out the
house if they do go to house the dress
like this literally like it's minus 50 -
I don't even know what the temperature
is what's the temperature it's currently
six degrees it's six degrees and I'm
wearing a coat like this so today has
been pretty busy I've just been like
editing the vlog doing a lot of emails
and stuff like that and I've had this
idea that I'm going to come out and
shoot a beautiful time-lapse of the Sun
setting at the moment the Sun sets like
421 in the afternoon so I've come down
early I did get lost on the way I don't
know how like I've literally lived in
Brighton more or less my entire life
yeah I got lost coming down to the don't
even ask we've got 16 minutes until the
Sun sets I was so excited leaving the
house I even got a big camera or bloomin
5d Mark 3 and a 24 to 70 with me to
shoot this time-lapse not just on this
little rocker I wanted this to be
brilliant
it's bloomin cloudy
come and have a look at this this is not
what when you come out to shoot your
time-lapse
who is ready for some great content are
you ready over there are you ready over
there great blog content coming up oh my
god what am i doing why have I continued
I can left the house I thought it was
going to be nice all the way the drive
down to the beach oh now I've really got
sand in my shoes like there is actual
sand on the beach somehow in the middle
of the beach normally the beach is all
just stones and pebbles for some reason
they're standing this bit which is nice
just having it all in my shoes now all
right are you ready to see what the
sunset looks like ah ah you ready three
two one that's it look at that it's
about to go behind another cloud now
that you're not even going to be able to
see it set okay we're going to try
anyway
we're going to do the best we can I'm
not freezing my butt off for nothing
oh the ground square I can't even sit
down well just get in just get this shot
Oh bloomin heck this wait the camera is
too heavy it doesn't even balance on
this little tripod eyeball okay we're
shooting the time-lapse we've got it
going I don't know what it's going to
look like oh it's so cold why am I doing
this like I'm actually shaking my hands
are freezing
oh no I just realized that I didn't even
put a ticket in the car
I just gotta straight out of the car
came down here oh crap but I can't move
I can't go in paper bonding together
because otherwise we're not going to get
the time-lapse and that was the entire
point of coming down here was to get
this shot and so crap as well I'm going
to insert into the vlog and you guys are
going to start for me
oh my god it's so windy okay it's like
this is the best time that you've ever
seen if you're watching this video
please comment down below I'll be that
time that was beautiful that was
unbelievable you should you should do
the congressman take that smash the
video with a hundred thousand comes up I
got even laughs look that way so cool
like actually oh my god I never knew
what to do I don't even sure a militia
cominius time map should be waiting for
the other timer I am so cold that's the
time that's done thing isn't even any
movement without lucky that is what it
is we got the best we possibly could now
I can finally run back to the car and
get back in the water and put the aircon
on please please no ticket come on
yeah no ticket oh my gosh even just
sitting inside here is so much warmer
and the aircon and the heating isn't
even on yet my nose is like straight up
running just like streaming because I
was so cold but it gave me instant runny
nose that's when six degrees isn't even
that cold my hands are like frozen I
think it's because of the wind from the
bladder
Gayoon guys have just got home look
outside the window how nice the sun's
are you honey Missy in the camera
the sunset looks so nice right now and
I've just got home
likes actually not even funny how does
that happen how do I go down to the
beach freeze my butt off for the worst
time lapse in history get home and then
the sky is just beautiful and red I am
making myself another Bob real drink
obsessed with these since I bought the
stuff yesterday literally looks like
Marmite whilst the whilst kettle was
putting in the vlog is just gone live I
need to I need to get on reading the
comments and stuff the kind of got old
dinner in the oven just cooking up
though is still working and I'm watching
all the side men's gaming videos if
you've done it you all know they lost
consecutive ale but you do just I can
try to watch more and more gaming videos
over the last couple of weeks just to
make myself feel inspired to get back
into a gaming channel because I love
playing games I love watching gaming
videos and I love making gaming videos
but I just haven't been doing it
recently and like a is hard to film
videos outside of these vlogs because
then I don't have time to do these vlogs
if that makes sense like supposed to do
five gaming videos a week it will be so
hard to film them because then I don't
have much time left in my days to blog
and then have to edit them as well like
I need to work out all the ratio of when
I'm doing what and how I'm doing it all
alongside these vlogs I might have to
get something to help me edit my gaming
videos because as you know I edit all my
videos at the moment I every daily vlog
I don't think I could ever let anybody
else edit my daily vlogs because they're
so personal there's so much footage of
me and my family made my friends me and
Zoey me like I don't know that'd be
weird but maybe if I made gaming videos
I could get somebody else to help edit
those and I could hire somebody to edit
them be better editing than I am
so therefore the gaming videos would be
even better
if I had them on board that's something
that I'm just thinking about at the
moment because I want to fully get back
into them but I want to do it right
Zoey's finish work now dinner is served
she's got chicken pie mashed potato and
cheesy broccoli
I've got quiche mashed potatoes cheesy
broccoli and we're watching my favorite
The Simpsons oh he doesn't like too much
I don't know how you can't like the
Simpsons and what this is
you can't unfortunate instances like the
easiest thing to watch I'll blow my neck
what do you want my dog oh I don't know
what this it on its own or you did the
late one comment is it yeah this is only
told me a couple of days ago that there
isn't about to present for me that never
arrived so no I'm not excited for there
so there's a page of Instagram opening
in October my glass water there's a page
on Instagram where like a companies that
make the companies called private label
and then make bags they're like carry
bags for if you go away for like a
weekend and they fit in a lot of like
sneakers as well so basically this is a
bag that you can use casually if you go
waste the weekend or if you collect
shoes it's too perfect that so what's
this kit for so these are like inserts
oh that's a separate one so you can put
one pair your favorite pair of shoes a
little isn't that or is it too in its
own bag easy easy easy easy easy
yeah there we go and last compartment
this that's what I'm talking about
up there ready is that fire mogees
platform
but you can obviously take the inserts
out so that if I was going away for the
weekend that I wanted two pairs of shoes
and then all of that just nicely
falklands in there yeah that's so sit
headphones charges iPhone charger laptop
down the side fold that guy over tastic
travel bag it's just a nice travel bag
get off at no because then Zoey will be
by yourself tonight I'm going out
ah see you later good luck with the
drone yeah that's like the ring crash
yeah yeah you want to get at that the
reason why is your 'nobody have come
over here is because sure what's the
shoot a sunrise with the drone at the
beach again so he's pouring my join me
scared he's going to crash it over the
sea there's not much crush it into
notice where I'll get cocky and like you
know let's don't go really like if I
start I really know you the weapon no
and that is right don't fly it through
the West End don't you Italian because
you're going to try and get shot we
really low along the water so do that
like that go do that just right not not
low and then just crop in the video so
it looks like you're low I'm rule number
two don't let poppy fly out because she
will crush you mine
what are these I bring her here oh my
gosh stalking in January if you got
buzzes little teddy would be cuddling
yay haha did you put on her no she went
and got buzzes little toy and put it
next to her
so he's pretended to be upset that I'm
leaving no I'm not always dressed today
but the weekend now keep saying that I
just no stress just really good
videos every weekend have you filmed it
no less fun with some fun video we're
going to film how well do we know each
other
part two messy challenge this weekend
not missing or not I don't mind doing
like no it is so annoying that you see
that's our favorite spot and she's just
I leave me alone this is look I know
you're not enjoying that don't while
gets me I'll get rid of mommy don't
worry
Friday night and I'm off to play poker
with the boys with the boys from my old
school my college friends she's going to
be there Lloris is going to be there
well I hope laureates is there because
it's happy and how do it's going to be
there I don't it you know who else is
going to be that there's like five or
six of us off to come pick Trey up from
the train station it's just come up from
London I'll see you later tonight
my boy in the middle I didn't know it
was your journey and yet to have just
popped in to Sainsbury's imagine it is
literally walked up with like full-on
loads of vegetables like chicken breath
you like just we play focus and I just
use your kitchen for a minute and just
like to it like a casserole
you probably like me yeah record you
definitely would probably be a bit
weirded if I came up with a chicken
night I asked your your veterinarian
that want to be a little bit on my brand
oh you know on the Apple just apples not
in a projector such as apples
I'm pretty healthy today for triple
chocolate muffins pack of biscuits of
some key some more cookies and eating
Doritos charlie didn't help me let me
try let me try
oh look at that it's this one try this
one this Oh
savage ready come on you know is not
young sorry but they obviously want us
to have it for free yeah okay this one
is here ready
I think things these ones this happen
for free it just doesn't work 10:00 to
3:00 in the morning I left to go and
play poker a hot seven I thought
honestly so I'll be back way like a
clock I had such a fun night with the
guys I didn't film anything because we
literally just sucked their Chan
reminiscing hanging out and just put and
just playing poker so there wasn't
really wasn't really much to film or
just playing poker constantly and it
grow a little cheeky beep cheeky little
baby bell but poor I gotta sleep I need
to shout one of you guys out who has my
notifications on so I'm going to go on
Twitter and see who's tweeted me a
picture recently that they've got my
notifications and if you want a
shout-out I'm going to be shouting
somebody on every single blog for now go
down below click the little bell button
next to the subscribe and tell my
notifications on ok the most recent
person got my notifications on she says
they've been on since last year she's
just tweeted me a picture one minute ago
and this is her name month
underscore is underscored duh underscore
name underscore that is her that's the
shout-out today get the video figure a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it and I'll see
you tomorrow morning
the pain
