oh my gosh what is going on there's an
unknown person joining the text
conversation hello Zoe who is this
I know where Alphaeus our moment to get
up in the morning and I have a little
sleepy puppy on me no no should we get
up for the day
now let's wake up free wake up she's
gonna have some fun today no going back
to sleep are you ready - yeah okay go go
go
because it's raining so much it's
raining it's pouring the old man is
everything that when you were younger
it's raining it's pouring the old man
was actually tuning thanks dad man and
bunkers are banged ahead beyond all that
everyone the Sun is God is that done if
it very anyway good morning guys are you
doing that we having a lovely day hope
your days a little bit brighter than our
day because cos it is like I know but
the thing is it's just not going to
settle next which is annoying because
then it's just going to be a sludge
cement it's 90% chance it's going to
snow at 4 p.m. today it's currently
raining so much that it's gonna turn out
like no yeah no it's definitely cold
enough but it's just chucking it on the
rain this is only gonna settle if it was
like dry cold this morning in the shower
I made a big mistake instead of turning
it off
I accidentally turn the cold on I got
sprayed with taller than work that way q
that so cold anyways we're about to head
off future and because you know we've
had mostly in our fridge for the last
couple of days when it gets a bit Q that
was a good Drive we've come to a century
that I've never actually been to before
like I knew it was here but I've never
been I love Sainsbury's I'm nothing
there we go as you know I plugged in my
xbox the other day the first time at
home I thought it had been at my office
this whole time I don't have any game I
don't have many games in gym we'll have
a couple of my office but they're all
the sushis are old I want to see what or
new Xbox one games they've got here
there any of these games that you'd like
to play we could get another controller
I just got this rocket League I just
downloaded I think you'll really like
that mm I like more like Lego Jurassic
world I mean more like you have to do
something to get the next level I like
things like that we use your brain there
we go farming simulator us that's like
back home for you you kick jujhar we'll
go up on a farm
compact daddy sod farm fact daddy sug
used to rear pig and now so they used to
eat every day for breakfast lunch and
dinner
that is true they lived on a farm they
won't admit you run out you and I know
you got your dad's old house it was a
farm he had chickens and everything a
couple of camels as well I bet you
they've started this section off because
everybody's trying American candy videos
is that little of these they never used
to throw this stuff in the UK we're
serious never seen these before number
peanuts peanuts Merc
we got a lot of goodies it's chilly
chilly out my Willie what's very
attractive shop we've got a meeting at
two o'clock it's 134 I need to go home
but I need unpack for the meeting I was
food yet which is probably all the food
elements which on Tanana meat in with
the quaintest I didn't saw in everything
oh okay call the ages the ends on
Twitter is it happening yeah yeah guys
apparently it's snowing loads outside we
finished up on meetings or uploads my
vlog in a bit okay we're completely free
now is it settling no it's been raining
so much Oh
oh my gosh I don't want it but yeah like
really wait oh my gosh look at its
really snowing know why because we were
predicted 8 inches 8 inches yeah up toys
of snow in the UK 8 inches is like
bigger ruler is 12 inches so not that
prophet look at the sky
yes white should we go down to the beach
or something
nobody waits at along the beach I don't
know what we'll do but look on the Range
Rover
look at that oh my gosh Nullah it's
snowing it's snowing it's snowing
outside we're going to play in the snow
tomorrow are we going to play in the
snow tomorrow yeah doing your dinner
should go and get your dinner coming in
coming in yeah good girl gunnin I don't
know what the plan is for tonight
because we've officially finished the
work day is ten minutes past 6:00 in the
evening
what's the plan Zoey
why did you just make a massive noise
it's a garden wait am i watching outside
yeah look at it it's actually sitting
definitely settling no second setting
onto the floor mahalo needs the toilet
but I don't think she knows what she's
in for
go man oh ho look it on her back or edit
you might want to be quick Nayla not
gonna lie gone and quickly no we're not
going back in you need the toilet
she's missing it yeah I'm gonna quickly
hurry up quickly to know did you go for
wee-wee in the stall you're wet did you
give her a wee-wee in the snow
okay you're going to bed because I've
been wearing a hat all day my hair looks
pretty slick
wait look at that tell without knowing
Zoey night on deny what to have for
dinner chicken breasts in garlic for
pies or we have a quiche or we could
have you can have your shepherd's pie
thing that you bought where's that yeah
cauliflower machine if it's either the
closeout unit or the other on the
broccoli cheese cauliflower broccoli
with it oh you want cauliflower or
broccoli with
or I can teach to your light hairspray
or late shampoo or something let's fight
in your hair I don't know how normal
this drink is to drink but when I was
younger and I just got to cook the games
like certain matches with my dad we used
to always get like a cheese burger and
chips or hotdogs and chips at halftime
and for a drink we would always get a
buffer oh they didn't live I left so you
get it like a cup so today today we're
in Sainsbury's
I bought some original beef extract Bob
real drink
we literally boil water put it in a mug
some reason with rc3 mug add a teaspoon
of this fish Bosh Bosh got yourself this
bash Bosh you got yourself a bottle of
nice drink on a pace vast bottom rail I
told you guys yesterday that I've got my
wisdom tooth my bottom left wisdom tooth
is come into the road we're currently
watching the program about paranormal
activity and like videos and then
they've got FBI and people looking into
them see whether they're real or not
unlike professional editors and stuff
it's crazy that are analyzing those two
cetacean things yeah my my bottom left
tooth down here wisdom tooth is coming
through I thought it already comes
through cans I mustn't have unless I've
got like a second one or something but
when I push it did you ever get this
over when you're younger you know when
you're probably 2 and you push it or you
wobble it yeah but it really feels good
and you ever like that yeah my tooth is
halfway out at the back of my mouth and
it's really sore if I push it my tongue
it feels so good like it hurts but feels
good I don't if that's weird or not also
got dinner already we got some chicken
creamy cauliflower peas and mash this is
the program we'll walk in
so he's going up to bed and I'm popping
out to the casino it's only like 9
o'clock is night and late come on dougie
get my peek I'm not ready mummy
yeah I knew you'd want to go to bed oh
my gosh look at those desert that looks
incredible
I believe that cerium not really that
late tonight
I just remembered his snowing outside I
don't know oh look at the ground is so
snowy
he's locked me out now are known as a
magic model he's driving away hello
I got your present to make up for that
close your eyes put your hand out
now you know I hate to say come on the
close your eyes for and out
he also kitties Polly asked me to not
want to go to casino she was like but do
you have cookies I really want some
cookies of that we actually do I bought
you some cookies okay
I thought we're gonna have to drive
really carefully because we know there's
actually climb it's just like flushing
what this drug is Mozart stop the
strange words the past but you live got
two minutes away that's great it was
it's no Analia it was snowing so much
journey I am very very successful
evening at the casino I came out 25
pounds up I could have been 50 pounds up
but I made a stupid bet at the end and I
do not
guys I'm not telling you to go to a
cleaner don't go to the casino in the
end they always win your money Polly
came out author the Polly gave us 30
pounds up and she's only been 16 ER
twice the other day she won how much was
it if you hit 50 rounds a day today
she's run 30 mouths so Holies like
thinking that she's good as we win in
every job Afghan without a family can't
be your job overall the casino always
wins your money guys and but tonight we
both did when collectively 150 pounds
tonight which is incredible your mouth
and we got free drinks why you want a
mouth on and I want 25 just a 35 and we
got free drinks as well which is good so
stick or get tonight and the snows like
fully gone which I'm really sad about
notice there's still snow by our house
everyone else is asleep my everyone else
on me Zoe Anala or asleep I'm guessing
so they're upstairs
that was a super quick visit to the
Keaney you know we're only in there like
half an hour I love just popping out in
the evenings like when I've had a busy
day
and I haven't had time in the day to
have to go out and do something fun it's
always nice to just try and make time in
the evenings even if it is it's a half
an hour 45 minutes weather just going to
the casino going to the gym just going
to a friend's going to a bar to a pub so
it's always nice somehow it's half past
12:00
at night literally like three hours or
something know that two hours has passed
and I've been planning a ton of a
pointless blog videos you'll be you'll
be happy to hear and finally plan in
some point of smoke videos and gaming
videos and stuff I do want to get back
into it don't think I don't I really
really do I do want to get back into it
so I'm going plan this on tonight and I
will look at a different video I did
different things to do and one thing
that I see so much on Instagram I just
want to show this in the road books I'm
finding this kind of stuff hilarious is
I keep on getting tagged in them but you
know when you go on Instagram when you
go in the little tag section like when
you guys meet me in the street and you
tag me in pictures or you make fan edits
you tag me in pictures on that little
bit I keep on getting tagged and this is
going to sound weird to some of you who
haven't heard of this before in like
fake text message shots so people are
making like let me just show you for
example like this but then if you can
see that so like this where they have
like text message chats and then a
picture of different people so like
there's another one so it's like it
looks like I've been texting somebody
and they make up these stories it's kind
of like the new way to do fan fiction
but these are supposedly like youtuber
texts so I'm going to read some of them
out by honestly I've read like two
messages and some of them are hilarious
I thought they were all just like random
little text chats and there would be
maybe a little bit naughty a little bit
rude a little bit funny but people are
doing like this one here this internet
macaque youtubers underscore text is
like full-on stories within text
messages so I'm just going to read out
this story and I'm going to tell you who
it starts with so this one starts with
Zoe okay hey Zoe
this is all series started saying hi go
away
what did I get to deserve that I'm
trying to film a YouTube video and
you're just getting in the way I don't
know what you mean by I'm trying to film
a YouTube video and you're just getting
in the way how about the web search for
it now I don't worry about it I'm just
going to film a video I'm not sure I
understand okay like I'm done I'm done
never
we just record my video here are some
videos of ok light fun so I'm done left
me just come up that I found on the web
goodbye serious okay see you soon right
so this first challenge doing Zoe and
mark hey Zoe
hey Mark you okay yeah it gave us saying
if I had stayed the night tomorrow
mmm he's sure after you at my weakest on
my video yes sounds fun see you soon the
next one Zoe and mark again though if
you check the news know why Alfie has
been kidnapped Alfie has been kidnapped
what but it was going to his mum's house
how mark I love how she's just heard
that I've been kidnapped yet she's just
like carrying on texting mark she's not
even ringing my family how mark I don't
know it's all over the news how far away
are you ten minutes
I'll get this fast as I can and we can
try and do something it will be okay
this I already loves this kind of stuff
like this is so sick Oh Jose Jose got
involved hey Mark you okay is it
possible if you can come back right and
Alpha's been kidnapped and I'll be there
tells only I'm on my way okay
thanks Joe no problem again I'm texting
now even though I've been kidnapped I'm
texting next Zoe babe oh my god Alfie
where are you look I don't have much
time I've been kidnapped by a little bit
of a little a little a keyboard spam
Alfie Alf
who oh my gosh what is going on there's
an unknown person joining the text
conversation hello Zoe who is this I
know where Alphaeus where where where is
he please tell me hahaha you really
think I would just tell you what do you
want me to do meet me on Brighton Pier
tomorrow at noon and Load find Zoe you
can't go alone to the pier
I've just been kidnapped oh my god where
I'm texting Zoe don't go today
it's a trap Alfie where are you
this is so weird I'm reading a story
about myself being kidnapped but this is
cool no Zoe I mean this kind of stuff is
like when I'm
fanfictions once in a video this kind of
stuff you like nucleus if you if you
write this you should be handed this
impolite gear your college or your GCSE
or whatever like your tests and stuff
this is good no Zowie
they'll be back shortly don't go today
it's a trap please bye please believe me
baby so it's hard to read this kind of
thing because I would never call Zoe
baby Alfie I miss you you too
I love you and then I don't reply Zoe
says she loves me I just don't reply oh
we're back with job Zoe meanwhile can
going down to the police we think it'd
be better if you stayed at home okay
thanks Joe I couldn't have done anything
without you - no prob we're here for
years OE I mean at least Joe's looking
after me like Joe mark off to the police
station though he's still just a home
like chillin texting me we're backwards
that unknown well well well look who
didn't show up I didn't want to take the
risk our poor rap you have to suffer
because of that you leave him alone
sorry darlin he's mine now the hell
though you could have at least like went
there and then just had some what police
and security like he did when she kicked
over my glass of water
he didn't behind you or something like
in the background unknown as Tech Zoe
again morning Zoe what do you want
another way that Zoe's voice what do you
want I've come to give you a clue I'm a
youtuber a billion youtubers kidnapped
me why won't you tell me who you are
what's the fun in that
bye for now cheese is like this is some
serious YouTube drama up and kidnapped
by youtuber Zoe me and Joe went to the
police station they tracked down the
phone
Alfie's in America they told me they
were a youtuber we just got to figure
out YouTube in America and why they did
it come to the living room bring Joe I
have an idea I've been kidnapped by an
american youtuber and i'm in america
philomon egg I know you are I'm coming
to get out be back oh of course you did
call off call up Kailah oh you don't
believe me No
see you tomorrow go on Zoe's get that
get that get on that plane to America
and save me next one well well well look
who's not here look behind you
Oh Zoe I'm stop texting and talk where's
Alfie follow me I mean I don't know why
they're still texting Manila to next to
each other
follow me why would you do this you
stole my BAE I trusted you Oh oh my god
although your clients please comment
down below now if you're still watching
this video and try and guess the
American youtubers are just kidnapped me
this is actually really funny like
really funny
five four three pause the video quickly
and call it down below two one I trusted
you Miranda Morales is kidnapped me and
that's it that's it it's over and then
it's just a picture of Zoe Knight
that's so sick I love that kind of thing
these are like secret youtuber text
messages supposedly there's so many
funny ones like this is just a random
one that I've screenshotted earlier Joe
hi Annie oh my god Joe obviously worried
sick where are you you missed on date
I'm not coming back oh I'm not coming
back get that in your head you idiot
Joe da-da-da-da-da bye Joe just didn't
turn up for the day
he missed the date and then she she
asked about why he missed it he just
said I'm not going back get that in your
head you idiot and then she said Joe
this is bye Joe you on a savage not
turning up to dates and then just
shutting girls down like that okay he's
a bit of one between me and Casper I
have no idea I think this is one within
a story after I recently screwed up with
Joe I just don't know what to do I just
want his friendship back do you not
understand the pin you inflicted on Joe
he's been so heartbroken I've never seen
him so upset he loved you and trusted
you and for the first time really opened
himself up to someone
Oh John Casper how how many times do I
have to apologize this
the worst decision I've ever made does
Joe know that and bear in mind their
apologies don't mend a broken heart that
my friend that my friend looks like a
saucy one Casper's obviously still in
Joe's gal that's obviously what's
happened in that text message chat these
are so pious love if you guys write them
make sure you do tag me on Instagram
because they're so funny to read by it's
like it's like 20 minutes to 1:00 in the
morning I'm currently looking at a new
camera you can t see my laptop screens
do you I can't look at a new camera to
buy to film points blog videos with is a
super expensive camera and I really
really want it so Canon 5d Mark four if
you're into cameras came out like a
couple of months ago it altered focuses
on video like the 70d or a TD but the 5d
Mark 3 doesn't do that and that's what
I've got at the moment the only issue
the only thing that would make it better
be if I had a flip-out screen but I can
attach an external monitor I have got
like I have got external monitors
anyways I don't know I'm going to make
decision another time I do really really
want it up and planets and main channel
videos so hopefully I can film those
very soon I so nearly forgot I need to
do the shout-out on yesterday's videos
for the vlog that I went up today if
you're watching this I'm going to be
shouting one of you guys out in every
single vlog for now at the end of every
video I'm going to shout one of you out
who is watching now all you have to do
is tell my notifications on and then my
tweet me a picture that my notifications
are on and I'm going to shout out one of
you guys are okay give the video thumbs
up do whatever do the nice stuff you
want to do oh my gosh okay this is the
personal shoutin out today because
they've just commented my boyfriend just
broke up with me over text I need
anything to cheer me up and that is live
X that is the name L IV
X so live thank you so much for watching
my videos I hope that this little
shoutout can cheer you up
just remember to stay strong you can do
this it may seem that the situation
sucks now bigger picture go your whole
life ahead of you you got your friends
your family who love you and you
through this whatever the situation is
I'm going to end the vlog down here
because I don't want to go upstairs and
just wake so you're not my rocking in
the bedroom that is what I do every
single day I'm thinking about it it's
probably so annoying so sorry that I get
into bed and go right I'm going to go to
sleep guys so I'm going to end up down
here thanks so much for the love and the
support as always you give me every
single day if there's any videos that
you do all beat up load on my pointer
tool channel let me know down below in
the comments Orphanage and it gave me
videos and stuff because I do I know I
show all the time I want to get back
into it but but I did like I missed both
of those channels and I love uploading
them both for them so why would I not go
down below smash them a thumbs up button
let's try it and get I don't know let's
try and get 35,000 thumbs up on this
video that's your challenge 35,000
remember I'm shouting one of you guys
out in every single video so now all you
have to do is go down below hit the
little bell button and then turn my
notifications on and - and tweet me
screenshot so I'm going to comment down
below you've done it across each mic
thank you so much for watching guys
back
