whoa it's a nice day oh my gosh we've
seen a weather Zoe no it's not
there was meant to be thunder snow today
up to 800 parently this is like UK
weather is wrong every single day
oh is it tomorrow forget tomorrow this
might be Thunder snow which is a
thunderstorm that snows and apparently
up to eight inches of snow I mean I
don't know if I believe that eight
inches a lot of snow that would like
shut that you get out my pathetic as
soon as there's like two centimeters of
snow we can't do anything
look how nice the weather is it's get
our bats out let's go have some fun whoo
good morning good morning good morning
how you doing I feeling so good today
guys I got my braces in this is wrappers
when Zoe drives this car I tried to get
into it and ah I literally can't fit the
consumers receipt so far forward so I've
got a steering wheel in the way of my
face I'm going to start trying my
absolute best to wear my braces all day
every single day I meant to wear them 20
hours a day and at the moment I think I
probably wear them about 12 hours a day
it's not good you're not big you're not
funny you're not smart you're not doing
good Alfie so just a little pre warning
because I haven't been wearing them much
recently and may sound a little bit
different a little bit less be when I'm
speaking because I got my braces in so
today I'm off to have a meeting with my
book publishers I'm seeing like his
personal life a fake and unverified
record reckon I'm verified you know even
verified on Twitter then shut up
get out of my car though jacket I want
to kind of a meeting my book publishers
I'm super super excited about this we
just saw about new things future things
working together
let's go let's go and get it you
wondering where Zoey is where Nala is
Zoey's currently at the vets with Nala
and mum and Lars and they're just having
like the is it annual biannual every
couple of months I don't really even
though the checkup they have a like a
little doggie checkup and just to make
sure that everything's all good and yeah
let's go let's go get today this song is
so clear this place and another set the
bar is there as well so I feel like on
this car you can do something cool where
you like put your hand out it worked it
locks it while me bit my hand over there
though it's so crazy I stupidly forgot
to bring a jacket today just rushing out
the house of lit you got a t-shirt on
and that's it nothing else so for
Christmas I bought Zoey a piece of art
it's really really cool we haven't put
it up here I'll show you them into the
up and stuff but when I picked it up
they forgot to put the little clippings
that attach it to the wall in so I'm
just popping head fit those up for going
to the office all get all good Alfie
deyes little clipping saw I don't even
know it's got the little things I needed
you're not going to believe when I say
this but I am actually early today
like I don't let you have a meeting
until 12:00 hey I don't have a meeting
until 12 o'clock and it's currently 11
19 I'm 40 minutes early to my meeting
guys the new me I told y'all is going to
be improving on everything I've also got
blue jeans on today and never ever wear
blue jeans maybe this is
it's why I'm feeling so good oh it could
be fixed
no it's too good to be true
yep it's still broken we just finish out
meeting with my comedy round credibly
well I tell you about later on and now
it's popping out from lunch and Zoey's
joined us as well and a good date
there's not a good at the vet why Julie
when I went with her yeah and I saw you
text a video when I took digital bets on
myself she was like really since you get
rejection yeah chairman Jensen if you
find where you're going yeah
oh my god horn linguini I do got some
calamari wrap smash there this looks so
good come straight back from lunch and
I'm just currently editing the second
half of the daily vlog edited the first
half straight after the meeting before
lunch
now editing second half right now the
road is finally done it is all out I'm
so happy it is half past 6:00 in the
evening just leaving the office now just
going to saw in a ton of stuff out I
don't know I promised Shawn that I was
bringing you my like back from the
office but I don't know where like the
plug bit is I had a proper into the wall
but then I appear right is it in here
oh my gosh I've got a lot of random
stuff in here hey I've got this Finny
thing oh my god I love this thing I want
to take that home and love there what
have I only gone and found in here look
yeah this isn't what I was looking for
but this is what I wanted I don't know
why I decided to bring this home but I
just think it's going to be a good idea
for the rugs you know I could do a yes
or no challenge with Zoey or something
probably showing it on the way over to
our house at the moment so it's just
text me now although it's pitch black
outside it is only 6:30 p.m. like it
feels like it's like 10 o'clock or
something I feel like I want to go home
and have a bath and get into bed but I'm
not going to fix that in the evening
I've got mr. ed Sheeran singing somebody
just came up to me now and asked for a
picture and I FaceTime their girlfriend
and her three friends as well and they
were like they were all probably about
23 years old the guy was like tattooed
all over his hands tattooed his neck
tattooed I just want to reassure you
because there are such a varied group of
people that watch these videos everybody
thinks that my audience like whenever
I'm in the press whenever in the paper
and if I talk to anybody
everyone thinks all my viewers like
eleven year old girls and yet don't get
me wrong of course I do have eleven year
old girls who watch these videos but I
do also have adults watching these
videos if you're watching this vlog now
and you're like 25 30 40 years old
whatever you are not the only one
78 percent of my audience is like 18 or
older 78 percent like the vast majority
audience is actually older than 18 which
to me is no news at all like I know that
and I see that all the time I experience
that whenever people stop me in the
street the vast majority of them are
like my age or older but people who
watch these videos often fume and think
that all my audience is like young
teenage girls which there is a large
group of young teenage girls that do
watch these vlogs of course but there's
also there's also a lot of older people
and I just wanted to say that because I
don't want people who are watching these
videos who old it fill up them they're
the only ones because you're not guys I
have everybody of every age I've had
like four year olds watching these
videos and I also had like 55 year women
come up to me in a shop before saying
they loved my videos so we're a big
community and we accept anybody into
this this daily vlog thing that I do I'm
going to drive home I'll see you when I
go who's brought dinner over boy is
there you have not brought your own
elope oh no you poorly
she Nala you poorly off you injection
yeah oh she's so frantic where you going
naughty what you love food very much
you've been l gorgeous you okay Oh
getting poorly you're not feeling good
no no you're not feeling good baby
oh yeah yeah why we'll look after you
you bought your own dinner over me a
cuddle you doing the night though
challenge during the 2017
hey 375 day at 365 brokerage I'm doing a
bit high next year Alfie deyes guys I'm
about to show you something don't know
okay you ready try not to laugh
challenge for you guys watching the
video looks looks like guinea pig food
guys it it is no law restarting edition
don't love me very much for that
let me smell it oh you accomplished so
money that's unhealthy get away in it
sorry what are we gonna have for dinner
these two have got guinea pig food what
should we have is not beautiful
happiness because healthy food oh this
isn't an excuse to tour not trying to
make a discussion we genuinely do not
have an easy enough bridge and it's hot
by 7:00 you guys are over like what
we're going to do going to go food
shopping more yes next door it's open
gonna go jump in the car oh no you
thinking ready milkman no I'm including
actual meals more but we did you start
to join me all of us for lunch at 4 p.m.
so we don't really need whatever you
need food too bad if you finish yours
pop let me see one you enjoying yours
hahaha you know the good this left the
kale all the quality it's nice but I'm
waiting see you guys make decisions if
network among them focus on the friends
then obviously put in that bathroom is
all right I found a fun game for us to
play tonight archetype Cour game this is
basically Jenga that architects I was
only good at for me for Christmas
why not another chance to play it yet
probably what you cooking up coffees
cooking up a delicious this one on your
visit on your blog yet because that
looks
bloomin good you should do this as a
YouTube video just start your channel
how to cook banana and honey maybe oh
well when I flip it like a pancake
imma flip lockup at you ready three two
oh yeah right there
no we have not done it yet this is
Sean's dinner he's put it back inside
walking stick man let me give it to his
rightful owner
this Christmas we didn't know he was in
a build and Sean and I are about order a
tie I really feel like a Thai green
curry tomorrow we have to go food
shopping packed so that we can actually
get your dot six is so excited for the
takeaway probably actually in bed at
9:00 p.m.
she's such an old woman I'm trying to
have only I was a beautiful ornamental
use well you won't bloody area the
pictures 7:00 in the morning I was in
bed nice and warm sunset made that those
dinners arrived he was ready to play
this coffee is pretty excited I can tell
three two one there we go
who's come past is this just menu yeah
do you guys not want to play guess what
you go fast you can't take from the top
two
if this was so long it's like you so mad
they like stick yeah Lee Jimmy o failed
already
okay no swearing I forget it
maybe there's different rules or they
they thought they read it it just says
round two
one-nil to mr. day's try get fast again
no you can okay
we said the best three layers I'll get a
tube okay okay oh my god they're so
stuck together me and I can't do a nice
aquel dinner
honestly you can't it's actually
impossible ah
it is impossible let's play on its side
like that then I think it is 15 minutes
later I'm disappointed why because this
is so long Sean can't build it is taking
him so long the money girls are watching
big brother there were the moment real
Italy they want these now it's gonna
pull over and I dunno is now a minute
maybe you're just not meant to play
Jenga with that Bible is a nine story
towel made of treasure three wooden
pieces that play who begins the game is
chosen randomly here will be only be one
hand to remove the wooden piece
excluding the top story and we can start
the story without the tower falling down
so it's just normal Jenga we're just
crap oh crap
pop forty eight minutes for bedtime are
we gonna see this video yeah we gonna do
this video yes mommy
what video what we're doing yoga yeah
okay but when you get right on here I'm
completely unaware apparently we're
doing yoga I've honestly just eaten so
much food are you g-guys I've eaten so
much food at ok I was like kale yoga
with adriene this woman will probably
ensure like on YouTube hurts you guys
like a million views a video I'm going
to start yoga videos guys give the video
thumbs up if you want me to start yoga
videos look at that eight eight point
five million views on that one yeah boy
we need to start yoga videos this is the
way forward quickly running up to get
changed little yoga video I'm wearing
the Capri shorts ever that Zoe
absolutely hate
I've got my yoga style shorts on your
favorite Zoe hey that's not nice
it's like these shorts are like yoga
short I was going to put my cripples
ones on but I actually didn't because
it's anyway thank you we played like mr.
and mrs. game over a New Year's and the
question was what was the one item of
clothing that you don't like your
partners and I to guess what I to guess
what Zoe was the item that so he doesn't
like a mine chair to get the head and
the other way around that guess what you
would say for me and I would say for you
no no that's right yeah I have to go and
we both got it right
what was your item I don't like I my
business knowledge I like them during
Christmas but Zoe loves to our Christmas
pajamas in January so very much April
May and the least liked item by day with
these shorts which I love when feel so
comfortable yeah oh yeah that's me thank
you for that have you said to be
explained what we do like we thought
they were fakes of ages you like
projects really cool hey I'm not a
general have the compliment because
they're in school or wherever it's like
you're not going to be able to keep them
alive we thought they were fake to the
point where to the point where I was
biting them to taste whether they taste
like flowers or not yeah so I can
confirm ARL is a couple being Sean how
do we do that reduce for 20 minutes
actually not want me to do this Dena
Dena rainy day yeah
I'm not going to vlog this because I
want to properly try and relax and zone
out and not think about the camera and
the other thing is getting very relaxing
even things like the camera all time
yeah we're not going to look very very
good doing this what we're doing all
lining up we ended up we ended up doing
42 minutes of yoga not even 20 that was
good the feel I genuinely feel like in
human like I'm I know got my mind oh god
my final - Oh too bad
yes I could fill up what I should do is
check myself
tweet everything I wanted to eat for the
evening do that and then do it's better
not touch my photo happening what you
can do because I feel like if I want my
phone down I might ruin out that yeah so
like I don't even want to watch TV don't
want a dominatrix get into bed put a
comment up and go to sleep what I do
when I do is in the name Marcel I don't
know I was good I was good I'm really
really encourage you guys to check out
you go with what was her name Adrian
Adriana Adrian Adrian Adrian yoga with
adriene probably wanted to leave at 9
o'clock 9:30 latest currently 11 o'clock
see you later guys good plate lay by I
just missed them in the vlog a time to
grab the camera to catch them saying
goodbye a bit edge gone and you feeling
sorry for yourself turn it on even
poorly today you've been a little bit
sick Kevin here and buzz has also been
sick as well from having here seven hey
you both not feeling too good
we're going to look after you tonight
there's lots of cuddles yeah I've been
where my briefs is more today than I
have recently at all I can officially
say that it sucks
once you're wearing braces every single
day and you're completely used to like
the Invisalign braces it's amazing like
it doesn't have at all but if you wear
them they don't wear them with and then
don't wear them you get like the worst
ulcers I've currently got like well
actually my wisdom tooth that I told you
is coming through I thought is already
through like this so like this is just
neck could always turn to for something
I need to get it checked out because my
wisdom teeth right back at the bottom
here is definitely coming through it
like it's pushing halfway out of the
moment is really sore and then up here
I've got really bad also for wearing my
braces because my mouth isn't used to
wearing them because my mouth isn't as
used to wearing these during the day as
much as I have been today and yesterday
because because normally I wear them
sometimes during the day but mostly at
night and obviously when I'm asleep at
night I'm not speaking and stuff it's
just my mouth is quite like still but
when I'm wearing them during the day I'm
chatting loads some like
with my mouth around and things so it
robs loads and I've got the worst or
shop here I'm going to love you and
leave you and catch you tomorrow on I
want to start doing something every
single day in these videos I want you to
start shouting you guys out there like
subscribe to this channel leave in
lovely comments so I'm going to try my
best or might not be too good at first
but hopefully eventually it will be
really good know just be a part these
vlogs I want to thank one of you and
every single video for all of the
support and my liking the video and
comment in and stuff like that so let's
try and kick it off today there's a
beauty like leave a thumbs up comment
down below I'm going to shout out one of
you at the end maybe the beginning may
be to reorder
at some point in the video I'm going to
show up one of you outside I'm going to
try and then turn this into a regular
thing
thank you so much with the love and
support again as usual with everything
you do I'll see you in the morning good
night
