good morning guys good morning good
morning today we are jumping straight in
the car and going straight off to London
we haven't even got anyone to watch
neither today so now let's coming with
us we're just gonna make stuff happen
today it's gonna be a good day let's
have a chat because because I've got a
couple of things that I want to talk
about one thing that I want to talk
about if you're wondering what the
bloomin heck I'm wearing stay tuned for
the vlog because I'm currently filming
this in the evening and I'm inserting it
to the beginning of the vlog so 99% of
you will have no idea what I'm talking
about with this and I just want to touch
on it briefly before you see the vlog so
that you understand what we spent today
doing rather than just being left
confused it's a super quick recap back
on December the 9th I launched a new
company I told you guys all about it in
the vlog called the Creator store I
basically hired a team of people with my
manager Dom where we both owned the
company together we hired a team of
people to work in London to do all of my
PB merchandise sort of Evan Edinger
merchandise all of looy Cole's
merchandise all of Tanya's merchandise
and all of Joanne Zoe sugg life
merchandise all of them are made by the
company the great store that I own and
my manager owns together and it's so
excited like it's so so much fun it's an
amazing project it's amazing that making
them to be working on all of my merch
has been kind of everyone's much has
been amazing up until recently where
we've had one slight issue that I just
want to talk about because it affects
some of you guys who watch these videos
and I really really want you to know
that I'm taking this seriously and we're
doing everything we can to fix the issue
so we launched on December the 9th and
tons of you guys automate merchandise
like so so many of you I can't even
fathom begin to even comprehend the
support that you guys had for the
Creator store all of the graters that
sell merchandise with the greatest store
thank you so much on behalf of me and
everybody that sells merchandise the
sport was unreal it was amazing and it
yeah yeah I mean you know what I say it
was great and we're very very thankful
everyone started receiving the orders
and everything was going perfect until
we started noticing a couple of messages
from people who ordered
sug life merchandise saying hey my moats
never arrived it hasn't turned up and
when I would you mean hasn't turned up
let everyone's met just telling it like
this is Robins like the team that have
been doing the Crenshaw pin doing my
merchandise for like the last year and
it's been going perfectly so I'm like
what do you mean you haven't been
turning up like it will turn up everyone
else is is turning up from the Queen to
store sub life will as well and we saw
tons of pictures of people wearing so
glamorous using the phone cases
everything like that online so we were
like the merch is arriving and then over
the next couple of days we started
getting more messages saying hey I
ordered a week ago mine still isn't here
is meant to come between three and five
days and I'm not what you mean it hasn't
come what how can it not come everyone's
merch is arriving because that's what it
does it arrives at your house when you
order it so we started getting really
really confused and looking into the
issue and calling up everybody that is
every part of the system asked and them
behave you know it's any issues hey if
you notice there's what's happening with
Ursula doing everything we possibly can
looking into and we just couldn't find
anything that happened Christmas past we
thought that everybody would be
receiving their merchandise like planned
like it was meant to happen everyone you
ordered it in time was meant to receive
their everyone's merchandise did 105 and
time and the vast majority of Sullivan
dyes did arrive on time but we still got
messages been like yo I ordered the week
you launched where is my merchandise and
we've been looking into the issue the
whole time and just couldn't find an
answer which was even more annoying that
we couldn't find an answer to tell
people and we finally found the issue
yesterday and it turns out that in the
back end there was a stock issue just
inside life nobody else's merchandise
and not not the majority but the
majority is absolutely fine sent out but
there was some orders just within sugg
life so some people place orders and
there was a stock issue and they haven't
received their orders and they've been
waiting like a week two weeks three
weeks some people in waiting like three
and a half weeks and stuff so I honestly
just want to apologize so much from me I
don't want you for one second thing that
me and Zoey and Joe and everybody on I
don't know other lighting isn't very
good on working our butts off to make
this issue get resolved as quick as
possible so the current situation is if
you
if you're in that scenario where you
bought a merchandise and it hasn't
arrived
then we're offering you a full refund
because we're a hundred understand if
you want your money back I'll leave a
link down below and second and third
link in the description will be links to
where you can go and you can click and
fill out your details and you'll be
issued a refund so you can get your
money back
our we understand are super super
apologetic and the other alternative is
if you carry on waiting it will be a bit
more time because as I said we've got a
stock issue it's going to be all
resolved 100% like of course but you
will just have to wait a bit more time
and you merch will arrive but we
understand if you want your money back
and you want to refund and I can only
apologize like I'm genuinely when I
found out yesterday
that's why there was no vlog I spent the
entirety of yesterday like working my
butt off with everybody like everybody
we have like lawyers and lawyers and the
whole team in London we have both my PA
and Zoe's ba here at the house working
until 9:30 p.m. last night and we had a
team in London of 11 people working it
or 10:00 p.m. in London trying to solve
this issue as quick as possible and then
today as we're about to see from this
vlog we've worked like our butts off
today we woke up went straight to London
me and Zoe in both our PAS straight to
London in the car we've got whole team
together just working on this as you're
about to see and I think it ended up
that there was about 25 people working
on this all day all day just on customer
service letting you guys know and trying
to solve this as quick as you possibly
can so I know this I know what I'm
talking about isn't going to affect 99
percent of you but I just wanted to
bring it up because if you hear about it
if you see about it if it does affect
you I want you to honestly know that
we're doing everything we possibly can
to fix this issue and I want to say
thank you so much for everybody who is
so understanding and being so lovely
about this because it sucks you order
merchandise and it hasn't arrived and it
should have arrived that's as simple as
it is and we're sorry and we're fixing
it as quick as we can
I'll leave some details down below you
can go check out and you're about to see
what we spent today doing what
get our butts off away trying to get
this issue fixed we had Joe in the
offices are we in the office Mini office
even Nala in the office we even had Nala
we took knowledge to London today to try
and try and get this fixed and it's
getting there it's getting there but um
it effects but it might affect you
watching so I just wanted to bring it up
in the vlog fest and apologize and say
that I'm sorry
this was never met happen but I wanted
it to come from me rather than come from
some page on the website or something
and then you guys think that me and Zoe
and Joe and everybody aren't even
thinking about it
aren't even caring about it because we
are we're doing everything we possibly
can as you're about to see we all went
to the office today and worked away so
so carry on with the vlog oh don't say
good morning to everyone don't say good
morning because some new bedding on the
bed and it's so soft like it's I love
these little bits it's got like I don't
know how do I explain what these are I
don't explain these little bumpy bits
little bumpy bits they're not on the
inside just on the outside but they're
so it's nice having a little bit of
texture any ice being weird
let me get the shower you come in to
London today Nala sure everyone your
hoodie no no thank you
now on the way to London guys
of course just told us that our front
left tire is slightly hasn't got enough
air in it this guy here apparently
doesn't have enough air
I've never filled a car tire before I
have no idea do we know what pressure we
need to get then we got it run yeah 37
37 for a light dryer or 32 for a heavy
scent 29 at the moment
or engine now just over three central
London like our centers you can possibly
get one region straight about to go past
Oxford Street
how's it going I don't run anyone over
yet it's good stress not gonna lie Joey
nearly there nearly there
you've arrived in London Zoe literally
drove right into central London we just
need knowledge to do a wee before we can
get to the office Joe's coming along as
well then there's gonna be a lot of
people today working on this how's it
going oh you get the cat and Joe is
everybody he's so jealous
oh I'm just your knees I look so tan
like I'm I think abroad this year he's
gonna travel he edit your book now so I
make me research rated just really
liquor now get a bit you really pay us
it was just a store that had nothing
really to yeah
those are glowing just bad how is your
new year
I was ill oh yeah the whole time it
sucked
I've lost over somebody tweet something
off Twitter like I've skated everything
but I was so ill I didn't turn on my
laptop for four days didn't even open it
for four days that's not fast yeah then
I just I think everyone just had it
everyone was ill everyone be wonderful
even go out that's our hot tub and so on
wait Castro weird innit you can support
only Putin it first day and then we were
element oh nice cuz you're drinking it
like for that party bit of white one Joe
be right Oh Joe drag or the hot dog
water but anyways we are actually sort
this stuff out let me show you over here
got Madson Lucy and Tom they're working
on it everyone in here they come me
laptops are on that table
actually we've even got a little sign on
the door this is how official it is
isn't it doc this is the real deal
regular oh I know it's just laptops
everyone eat in also YouTube have sent
me a present
I've seen some other people get theirs
from YouTube but I didn't think they
sent me one having the chicken at a
lunch break got some massive salads
how's your day going good
good how good do these cookies do I need
one
I do okay let's get one of those as well
thank you I don't take much persuasion
together cookie got myself
salmon salad Joe I didn't get you your
thing you wanted on purpose because I
thought it's bad if you're trying to
bulk up it's bad for you very much
avoid just pure protein then is protein
the officers getting super busy tannins
are over their vlog in everyone's in
here working away we're not even close
to the Apple Store oh no you just need a
new laptop Joe needs to get a new laptop
and he doesn't know what one to get her
there yeah no I want 11 it Jack talks
back yes you go get it and go Oh angel
look I'll get it in gold
yeah you got that look you need to pro
no you get the air oh the gold one knows
if you can't get that one oh it doesn't
even have the u.s. people oh you know
that yeah then it cool I mean you can
get it for the look oh and remember get
the 11 inch air and then do a DIY video
spray-painting it gold so I'll do that
yeah deal and you kind of ruin your new
rap it's good who looks oh crap if you
think we so flaky it'll pick up my first
DIY video as well ahh you're 300 per
minute I'll get the new MacBook then
I'll cover install each op make a mold
out of it and I guess solid just like
chocolate Mac people would love that
Joe's gonna do that guys so radar in the
thumbnail boom oh my god that's no great
the internet it's all going good guys
I'm super glad we came to London I've
just come out like half now meeting now
all about the greatest or making stuff
happen we're getting there I think
actually you guys to be reassured that
we're doing everything we possibly can
no less strolling around how you find a
net you good
alright see you later Bouchet I love
your short hair torn yeah how was your
holiday is it Jeff just spent a lot of
time styling it every day
no it's just some days it refuses to be
style like today really video this
morning and so I just curled a bit yeah
make it a bit messy and it went fine but
loads of days I'll just hate it how's
your David tell everyone what happened
earlier cuz I didn't get it in the vlog
so Amy's really sad about it very
healthy we're driving into London they
saw mark there on her with her dog
walker like just buy tots we will
literally driving into London earlier on
now that all it was so strong as I was
like that's Martha and I was like ha ha
ha so no seriously that's Martin oh yeah
and then you don't walk good as I
recognize us as oh hey guys
kitty yeah yeah she went off yeah yeah
she like wave to us and just my thoughts
we let you don't fuss like that
I took some pictures throw master
Nyla's down a little walk hitting up the
streets of London super enjoying herself
she's actually been so she's been better
behaved here in London than she is on
the streets of Reuter and these streets
are busy we've just picked up a twenty
four Spencer 18 we've just picked up 24
cupcakes as always carrying them all now
we've got so many but everybody in the
office is working their butts off and
customer service today it's going good
guys today's Camry de vide good I'm so
glad we came to London to get all of
this as sorted as possible everyone's
working so hard it's so cold today my
cheeks are like red as heck I've given
everybody their cakes and everything I'm
currently heading off today has been
good today has been very very successful
with this it's time to go I literally
look like a moving house I've got so
many bags with me it's time to head back
to Brighton guys oh it's been a long
busy day
I am tired fell asleep on that journey
my neck is like or knowing you fall
asleep like yes and then you wake up and
your neck feels like it's broken that's
exactly how I feel right now we've got
to get all the stuff out the car get our
little doggie out the car as well Alfie
why your fly's undone you may be asking
have you just gone for a wee yes I have
why even if it flies on done Alfie
because of this this is why I've left my
fly's undone I want to put this track
suit on you saw it earlier on in the
vlogs look at this this is me this is me
I mean I mean that just shows I push my
eyebrows off isn't it they've designed
my eyebrows they go straight into my
hairline YouTube you're trying to tell
me that my eyebrows are so bushy that
they just join I've got mark for my hat
being so tight I just shows how big my
head is YouTube you're trying to insult
me trying to show that got big end and
hairy eyebrows just you pull it up with
this bet woo look how nice that bit is
isn't it
yeah just love that if you guys could
feel this does it feel like an oz
palette there we go that's what I
thought look at me look at me go
you know like a novelette oh oh oh
Joe got one of these centrum as well and
he put it on earlier on in the office
it looks so funny I'm so excited you
know so excited I let me just take my
chances off but don't look close your
eyes for a second guys they never asked
me what size I am UK large youtube you
know me so well look at that this is the
perfect fit I'm going to give one of
these away so comment down below I'm
going to show you now all the buttons we
want that one that one that one that one
that one that one and 24 hours or two
this
goes live I'm going to pick one of you
guys who've gone to down below be nice
get the video thumbs up do whatever you
want tell me what 21 I'll send one of
you well a couple of you some of them
feel like I need to wear this to the gym
to go like jogging on the run I didn't
even do jogging on the running machine
before I can eat Oh mother was so
well-behaved today you a good girl no
that was probably your favorite bit
you really were behave you didn't have
any ways or pues did you inside she was
so good well my favorite bit cuz I'm sat
on the sofa I could see her you could
just hear her little feet
a black dinner wishes but I can hear her
feet but I was sat on the sofa because
we could see the door so every time
someone was coming in and out she was
standing there like watching those
people and like leave it like numb out
she was like the little like having a
little helper like hello welcome to the
office she was like cuz Liam doesn't
have a you know you have like the desk
at the front but I welcome in who
joining me today yes is Noah that was
neither today at the office like you
were that your deal um office they know
what is called that's what you were this
was one of the presents from my parents
for Christmas
it is called a high roller it's pretty
weird but I genuinely am actually really
really excited to use it so thank you
mom and dad I haven't opened it yet I'm
about to try it out for the first oh I'm
gonna open this oh yeah it comes with a
little instruction book yo yo yo yo
hello
that is not what you meant to use it for
well how do I actually even set this
thing up if you wonder what it is is
like a gym roller that you roll on to
like stretch your body and button be
Dino don't tell anyone I think you like
do Simon to your muscles after you've
worked them out I don't know what you
meant to do with that step number one if
you get one of these don't roll on it
like this oh ah oh my god
oh my god I can't even tell him I've had
this Harley kicked across the room my
toes I just pulled the ugliest face in
the world I probably bled out
edited out the video and just left the
audio that hurts so bad
my toes literally just went like this
into the floor boom so hard I think I
just broke a toe Muto's that's how you
into blemings do it upside down like
that oh yeah that probably looks and
sounds so weird
I'm just later the floor guy oh yeah
this genuinely feels really good on my
calf muscle or I don't even know if I
can do that look at that it's gonna hurt
your inner thigh this is probably one of
the weird if Rob's have ever uploaded
I'm carnie foam rolling my tricep and it
on it like I can't let you 12 I might
paint him in she stumped up
what are you doing Missy did you have a
nice day in London came wrong sweetie
get to the toilet Nala is ok she's so
tired you sleepy yeah you tired
I think I've like broken my arms and my
legs using that Baldy thing if I
randomly asked in tomorrow's vlog or if
I mentioned that I wider my arms hurt so
much please remind me the hypnotism me
doing it to myself on that Rolly thing
because I bet you I'm going to say sorry
tomorrow at some point bloomin egg my
arm be hurt I don't know why I'm gonna
catch you - why thank you so much for
watching thank you for understanding but
all of the credit store staff and me
missing a vlog in the last couple of
days have been pretty damn manic but
like I said we're going to be getting
back to normal blog soon but also these
are kind of just these are normal blogs
because the whole point of daily
vlogging is to vlog every day of my life
and some days we have really fun busy
days some days we have days where we
have to do other things and there isn't
much of a vlog but that's the power of
film and every single day that you see
my life as a whole and you see that I've
busy days of non busy days are fun days
are boring days I have stressful days I
have and I hope you remember that all
times guys if I ever don't upload a
video it's not because I just call me
Bob it is not because I'm lazy when
there was no video tonight there was so
many people on Twitter B night or so
lazy you got me booked upload you
obviously couldn't be bothered nah I
know I did
I really really could be bothered but I
just spent the whole of yesterday
working on other stuff that I couldn't
possibly log like a god
yeah you guys understand I know you're
like I love you guys so much thank you
again all of the spawn of the lobster
you give me every single day with so
nearly 4 million subscribers on this
YouTube channel that is crazy
subscribe down below give the video
thumbs up and I'll see you in the
morning goodnight
