buzzy boy buzzy good morning guys good
morning good morning
just getting my little Actimel drink
still definitely neither like these or
if they're doing anything yet but it's
only day two I'm going to carry on what
else do I need a banana last night was a
late night if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog I was in a hot tub on a bus in the
countryside sounds really random you go
check also look at my hair go check out
the vlog if you want to until like what
time 2:00 o'clock I lost too
I think I got over like 3 o'clock or
3:30 or something I don't know it's good
that there's a lot a lot of fun it's
time to eat my breakfast and catch up
with some youtube who's your favorite
youtuber at the moment and don't just
comment like me or Zoe or Marcus or Joe
or somebody who's your like who's the
youtuber that when you see them in your
sub box or you see them tweet their new
video you're like oh my god I need to
watch that now I'm going to drop
everything I'm doing and watch that now
because I love finding new people to
watch and at the moment I feel like I
haven't really haven't found anyone
recently that uh that I haven't been
watching for ages guys do you remember
if you've seen the video that I did in
direct lines channel then you'll see
these glasses that mean Sean bought Zoe
for Christmas to make like granola and
y'all get in are you by the way we've
got both the doggies here today mom and
dad are in London's they've just got
buzzy boy over
does he John say hi to the blog Joe say
hello ok don't then hey hey
so he's actually using it it looks cuter
when it had layers yeah you mixed all
together now did you were honey in it
I'm currently editing the vlog sorry
on this sofa we're both the dogs look at
Nyla's lilia flipped over
be busy is aligned Nala she just loves
licking buzzes is and we don't know why
I think it's like a dominance thing yeah
I'm mothering you I'm gonna keen you
just finish up Ed's in the new vlog and
the doggies are still fast asleep look
at them both fuzzy
hello time to get dressed and ready for
the day on my gosh I still haven't
unpacked for my trip away of the new
years my suitcase is still completely
full most of its like medication for my
nozzle so I went to the doctor's the
other day because as you know I wasn't
very well and I just wanted to get
checked up and make sure that everything
was all good so that went really really
well I brought up that my chest still
hurts if you've been watching these
vlogs for long you'll know that I've
been struggling with acid reflux and
chest issues for the last leg I don't
even know I want to say two years maybe
even more than that now nothing's really
been resolved barony I have apparently a
really really bad acid reflux but
everything in anything triggers is
basically where acid comes up from the
stomach and burns your esophagus lovely
really really nice I said burning your
chest and so I'm now trying just a
little bit I'm not going to be doing
that I need 23 I don't want to be on a
daily pill for the rest of my life but a
lot of people take this pill called a
net result just every single day to help
with acid reflux and stuff I personally
don't want to be on a tablet for the
rest of my life because I'm 23 and I
feel like starting a daily tablet 23 is
an ideal I'd rather try and beat the
issue but for the next month I'm going
to try and take one of these tablets
every single morning and so far how long
I've been doing it now sorry three days
three days it's actually do not you look
like and this
an insult let's stamp out the back over
here can you see my blood camera you
look exactly like Miranda sings is in my
camera that's a you've got red trousers
with a stripy top and yeah so for the
next 30 days I'm going to be trying to
take one of these omeprazole tablets is
similar to lambs up rizal if you know
what that one is just works in a
different way I think I'm going to take
one of these every single morning so far
it's really working its magic however
like I said I don't want to be on a
tablet for the rest of my life just to
fix massive reflux but at this point it
hurts so much every single down willing
to do anything so for the next 30 days
just thought I'd update you because this
is what I do I film a life for you
Zoe's over here in the other room
setting up the fur bow this is Oh is
actual outfit it's not my underthings
outfit she's setting this up Richard if
you saw the blog the other day it's got
a little camera this is designed this is
a bit crazy now that you might think
we're weird dog people and we probably
are gadget really isn't it it's quite
like a camera on the front and this bit
fires treats out to your dog tell me to
put it off mmm there we go and you put
treats in the top right was always doing
now okay and then and then you can speak
to your dog via this it has a microphone
you can see your dog and you can give
your dog treats whenever you want it's
like identif it's cool life it's weird
but I think is a big gets called do you
guys do you think it's cool yeah that's
the one thing we haven't done yet but we
haven't done it properly at this house
we need to apparently what you need to
do is you have to call your dog over put
your hand oh my god
sorry just gave them like five it just
gave them so many trees wait try it
again
it lighted on his head
I think these treats are a bit too small
it's two in multiple at once although
there is two dogs so that's kind of good
coming then let's get to the toilet
before we go come on outside
good boy buzzy come on Olli whoa this is
slippery come on get your bat outside a
stupidly trouble in the grass outside so
I'm stuck here I can't go into the house
so I'm gonna have to go back outside
Zoey I see you by the car
are you need to lock the back door I'm
gonna have to go through the garden and
round the outside of the house see you
in a second by the car remember the car
keys or I nearly fell over again right
now I have to walk around the house oh
I'm going to jump this fence whoo oh now
I'm ran by the car in the front door
hey let's have a little chat whilst you
ate - Zoey - put shoes on and get a
jacket what your new year's resolutions
guy is I feel like Phillip we haven't
properly had a chat because obviously we
missed the dev New Year's Day I feel
like we haven't spoken about New Year's
resolutions and what we're aiming to do
this year I think for me and I spoke
about this a couple of weeks ago in a
vlog the thing for me I'm just trying to
better myself as a whole I don't want to
fit to any particular goal like Jim this
number of times a week or anything I
wanna just everything in life everything
a little bit which will add up to a lot
talking about New Year's resolutions Oh
what's yours do you have an I have a
massive list normally I don't even do
resolutions but I actually do have quite
a lot Zoey's life starting tomorrow the
9th of January is like the most
scheduled out life ever like workdays
time on time off videos everything is so
like planned so on it we're currently in
the car watching the dogs who are both
just sat there like not doing anything
they just sat on the floor let's try and
speak to them
dougies
they definitely had that I'm going to
give them a tree
hola
no no they're eating them there guys
this is not sponsored by the camera
company at all very literally bought
this the other day I'm giving them
another tree we've had a bit of a fail
guys we tried to go out for lunch end up
the place was closed so we're now
driving back home and the dog is the
dogs are currently both on the sofa just
been giving them just giving them some
more treats and stuff we would have gone
somewhere else for lunch but we've got
got a live show that starts in 14
minutes
so ever go and brew dope but we're
getting back to quick recap so I'm not
late for my live show but it means that
we haven't had lunch yet
and it's quarter past 4:00 I know I'm so
hungry as well hey Doug is hey he's
looking for my mum Oh buzzy boy he
thinks my mum's come back give um coming
in just go have some fun let's go get a
treat sit there you go mister good
doggies I've got three minutes until I
need to go live so I've just quickly
cooked up some quinoa and I didn't have
time to put salmon in the oven so I just
got like packet salmon as in like this
kind of stuff you're putting like
sandwiches and chopped it up and added
it so I've kind of got salmon and quinoa
well I have but it's just miss Clewes
the fridge I have but it's just not my
normal sound making more than the other
I'm currently vlogging my live show
although it's just as poor connection up
there I don't actually know how many
people watching but this is this is my
live show say hello to the vlog somehow
I don't know I don't know what happened
with that live show the internet was
playing up it said that I had a bad
connection the whole time tons of you
couldn't what you bucking out tons of
you couldn't watch it some of you could
watch it it said I was live for 25
minutes but I have no idea there wasn't
even any chat I couldn't even see that
but you guys - ello mate
what you been giving this dog Zoey wore
white bloomin head mate buzz whoa I feel
like I owe you guys another live show so
I'm going to do another one this week
let me know in the comments of this what
day you want me to do the live show what
they works with you I'm thinking maybe
like Tuesday Wednesday Thursday kind of
time calamari
I love how in your video you like we're
gonna try and whose idea was it to get a
takeaway look how amazing this lasagna
looks you won't stop looking at it will
you also watching the OE again which are
still live on like Episode six and I
still don't know if I like it or not
Oh someone's dead on the screen we've
just finished watching two hours more of
that program that Oh a it's completely
finished now season one I'm more
confused now than I was when I watched
it and the entire time I've been telling
you guys I don't even know if I enjoy
yet I don't know if I enjoy that
that was a exo-m's like an hour each one
I mean I think I did I'm glad I watched
it he just loves you so much
I'm just discovered something very
exciting whilst trying to unplug the TV
because it's not working so I thought
all of my consoles were at my office and
I don't I've been wanting to game for so
long now literally like the last week
and I haven't been to office in the last
week because I've been ill so I haven't
been able to get a console here I'm just
seen behind the TV as my xbox like how
did I know it was hidden how did I know
that it was here and not at the office
I'm gonna try
get it let's hope that the controls got
charged and stuff the only thing is I
don't know what games we've got here and
what what's at the office
what's this Guitar Hero that's amazing
but I just don't know do you know where
the guitars are I feel like I took them
to the office I could just go online and
just download a game for the Xbox yeah
let's turn it on and see see how fast
our internet can download a game this is
what happens if you don't play your xbox
for ages 4.1 gigabytes of update to do
it's all in at 3% some naught point to
making like a couple of seconds 4% so it
was going really fast and it's been
about half an hour and one 59% look at
these two and I'll just get very jealous
so she's gone over here look at him but
should we just keep you it's doing
something I don't know what my plan is
supplying the update and currently
downloading the games deep I just
tweeted asking you guys what game I
should download nobody said Steve
actually but it did look really really
good in the App Store
so I'm downloading it the only issue is
the guys is like 10 minutes 11 minutes
past 12:00 in the evening so it's
already past midnight this is due Monday
already into a different day right now
and we're two point six gigabytes
downloaded out of 18 gigabytes how my
lens is dirty how can it game be 18
gigabytes that's gonna take hours we've
had no luck no luck today
46% downloaded these three of fast
asleep and I'm currently watching a
YouTube video from this channel called
primitive technologies unbelievable and
I'm what gender this guy make stone axe
I don't know why
don't ever plan on making a stone axe
it's also one o'clock in the morning I
should be asleep but that's that's what
I'm doing alright I just count bet let
go cute they're very far so see in the
morning you got a drink and you've got
three beds in there you tucked up in
your bed and you're in your bed even
though you can't see anything
let's go up
