good morning guys good morning how you
do it literally how are you I've like
I've recorded this intro to this blog
five times now this is the sixth time
I've tried to start this video the last
time I tried I just spent 15 minutes 15
minutes talking about why I was ill
whiter it was the most boring clip ever
so hopefully hopefully this is going to
be the one so let's just get the vlog
started let's just go let's just get
that into the blogging thing if you
don't already know just quickly I've
been super super ill recently just like
non-stop like being sick like all the
normals I've literally been in bed for
the last like eight days or something
like that so sorry there was no vlogs
couldn't really help it literally was in
bed ill the entire time thank you so
much for the love and Sportline and
understanding why i was taking so long
off of vlogging i hated it the whole
time all I could think about was getting
back to vlog in and now we're back and
we're here just like good old times
let's kick off with a weather check
dude don't dawn Oh typical England I was
trapped into my friend Sawyer yesterday
in fact he was literally at last night
like 1 o'clock in the morning and he
lives in LA and he was saying I just
can't imagine waking out and then not
being a blue sky but he can't picture
waking up
and there not being a blue sky I can't
imagine waking up and seeing a blue sky
like the odd it's so crazy it's so crazy
that the friend of mine like a friend of
yours whatever you even watching this
can live somewhere that every single day
you wake up and you see a blue sky I
never take that for granted guys that is
a meal I wish I had that that is man
what I do to have sunny weather every
single day what I wouldn't do is move
away from Brighton because I love
Brighton but anyways have you been guys
what have you been up to
it's new year might be a new you you
might have some New Year's resolutions
you might not let me know in the
comments what you what you're doing what
you're up to what your resolutions are
how you been what you've got to have a
new year
yesterday's my first day were started to
feel better and not so ill
so yesterday we went out food shopping
and bought some stuff but today is the
first day where I'm like I'm probably
like 90% better I reckon about 90 90 90
95 % at the moment as I said so and I
went food shopping yesterday we're
trying to since this new year so news
alfie we're trying to get into the
cooking more like proper cooking so
we've so we've got some cooking books in
the other room and we've put the old
tags on the pages that we like and then
yesterday we went and bought that all of
the ingredients to be able to make those
things but of course most of those are
for dinner so that's super exciting
we're hopefully going to get much more
into cooking because as you know Zoey
and I don't really cook too much and we
want to we want to get into it right I'm
just about to make some breakfast gonna
write some scrambled eggs with salmon
Zoe's already had her breakfast this
morning she got up super early you're
not in the first video back
Nullah you wanna say hello to everybody
have you missed them we missed them so
much a whole it she literally got fit on
the sofa let's move everything let me
move that the gap and then you have to
get back to filming again yeah I always
find it so weird
I just took six times to start this vlog
because because one of them are just
ended up trying for like 10 minutes and
I'm like this is so boring and then one
of them are just felt really shy really
weird I'm like I don't know you wanna
say anything Nala or you being shy as
well you being shy you've forgotten what
it's like too small to be on your log
breakfast is all done I've got some
scrambled egg with salmon and apparently
these are actually like I never really
know what to think with this kind of
stuff but apparently these actually
really good for you so I'm going to try
and start drinking one of these every
morning and just see what it's like I
don't know we'll just we'll see I'll let
you know and I'll tell you if they're
rubbish I'll tell you if they're good I
completely forgot what the daily grind
was like editing these videos
I've just been sat edited the daily blog
that I filmed on New Year's Eve that
went up yesterday for you and I've
literally been editing it so far for
like 45 minutes I've got about 10
minutes left then I need to film the
ending for it then I need to edit the
ending for it I forgot about the origin
of these daily vlogs guys completely
forgot your head I do your chest and
your armpits how do you in your little
armpits like this this is nice Oh big
yawn say good morning guys say good
morning love you so much should we get
you a little sister yeah should we get
you a girl version of buzz know the word
so it's currently cooking up a lunch for
both of us and I'm doing all of the
rubbish we've got somehow 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 rubbish bags and a ton look how
compact that recycling is of recycling
that we need to take out to the bins so
we have we got 9 bin bags of rubbish
it's just compiled up over the last
couple of days must care and up out the
kitchen and it's just been sat there on
the floor so it's time to get it all out
of the house doing the rubbish in style
in some years ease
you
well I'll get older if you saw
yesterday's video you'll understand what
I'm about to do these were outside with
the elements with the wild like ten days
or something some having to throw them
instead of eat them like normal
well those always got an amazing lunch
I'm not going to be too sad about it so
he is cooked up what it was this and so
yours is just chriskiss tomato and onion
chriskiss with her Looney peas and
salmon and mine's like more of a Posada
with red peppers looks damn good lips
down good guys for again on the cooking
grinds I'm telling you it's actually
happened in do you feel confident sorry
what do you mean because the amount of
times that we've said guys we're going
to start cooking more and then we don't
start cooking more I feel like that this
is the this is the moment in which we
change and we actually start cooking
more you have that's what I'm saying
that's honestly what I'm saying I think
we all need to live by that quite a bit
more I tweeted it yesterday and it's the
first time that I've tweeted it in a
while and I used to tell you guys all
the time in videos about this quote it's
not my own quote the quote hasn't got a
name to it I don't actually know who
fully came up with it at first but I
live by it and actually love it and the
quote goes if you don't already know do
more of what makes you happy like
something makes you happy in life do
more of it it's that simple if if it's
ballet dancing do more ballet dancing if
it's playing rugby play more Bugbee this
painting this singing if it's filming
videos of this editing just watching TV
whatever it is do more of it there we go
there's your advice without few days
today Zoe and I've started watching some
program on Netflix run it
we saw it yesterday called the Oh a
haven't quite worked our one Episode
five if I like it or not yeah I do like
it but it's so weird and I have no idea
what like is gonna happen I just don't
like the way it's spelled I is very
unsaturated I think it's not very
colorful it's everything is very doing
this it's very the whole program makes
it feel like it's not not lifting no no
no it's not like that is denial is weird
go check it out if you like weird
programs I thought it's going to be
alien related so far not at all don't
want to say too much in case you start
watching it this you're going to walk
she gonna walk baby
all right let's put these back or should
we get you one of these there you go
good girl I'm super hungry but it's not
dinnertime yet so for a snack you know
we're trying to be healthier we're
trying to eat better I've got three
protein wheat of X with a banana chopped
up and a handful of raspberries and of
course a tiny little sprinkling of sugar
which is fine because I've got banana
and strawberries so I think I think it
looks pretty damn good
so just wash my hair put on a jumper put
on some jeans cuz I've been wearing like
lazy clothes like pajamas all day packed
a bag with some pretty interesting stuff
let me show you a towel and and some
swim shorts while a bloomin heck have
you got towel and swim shorts healthy
because my friend Louie you guys no fun
for Louie my friend Louie he's got a
live event just summit on at the moment
about 20 minutes away from my house just
by chance super super close and tonight
he's invited me along to go join him and
the others to go in his hot tub on his
double-decker bus like he's got a
double-decker bus all pimped up it's not
like a normal bus it's like so crazy I
haven't actually seen it in person yet
well not since it's been done up anyway
and it's got a hot tub on the top so so
I'm going to be going in the hot tub
tonight but first before that my friend
Holly just run me and asked me what I
was up to tonight so I'm going to go
meet up with her go to the casino just
for a little bit maybe like 10 15
minutes and then we're going to jump in
her car and she's got a girlfriend as
well and then we're gonna drive to Lewis
and we're gonna go meet up with the
others so I don't know what's gonna
happen in this vlog because I'm not
allowed to film the casino but I'm
definitely allowed to film in a blooming
hot tub it's gonna pitch black light
it's gonna be cold
it's gonna be cool
I am definitely not allowed filming the
casino guys so just arrived just hopper
to meet Holly I will see you afterwards
hopefully I win some money house dress -
yay - how stressed you are you got an
answer the question yes why we left the
casino I won zero pounds I was gonna lie
and say I won money but I didn't I
didn't lose money either I came out with
exactly the amount that I went in
spending us went in with 50 pounds and I
left 450 pounds Holly went in with 20
pounds and left with 70 pounds was that
your first time in a casino yeah Holly
had no idea what she's doing somehow 150
pounds and I got some fish and chips on
the way home bumped into a ton of you
guys gave out a ton of wristbands as
well - load of you I even saw somebody
whose birthday is tomorrow's the day
they're watching this happy birthday if
you watch in and the girl she was using
a thug life phone case one of the new
ones which is cool now I'm just waiting
and waiting and waiting for these -
Holly looks like she's going to kill
someone what's the matter you lost you
we're running late because Holly is lost
her swimwear is that your not your job
is like going swimming all his job is
going swimming went loose women yeah
she's yeah I get paid to swim
yes she's not Chester is it not in the
car I have in the car oh I don't know
also look what she's done you've
literally tipped your room upside down
remember in the vlog in October when
myself and Jesse and Holly's parents
spent the entire day organized into
making Holly's room and the next time I
came over she just changed everything
around now she changed everything around
again so it's literally completely
different but actually looks really
really good it doesn't look good the
only thing that doesn't look so good
gonna be honest is your swim cost you
what what why did you just go naked
do you know Louie and Dave Weiss women
naked honey it's not gonna be why we to
be under there it in your swimming
costume sorry
yeah wear that wear a speedo wad please
wear that please oh here it is
well he found it is that the drawer
where it belongs
no it's not so when you send
multi-college it's not really
multi-coloured is that because I'm funky
and all right let's go
we listen up nice fun a towel yeah
there's tons over there how oh my god
Louie and Dave and whoever else is going
to be there tonight if you're wondering
why I was late yesterday synergy this is
why we're trying to find it and we think
it's just done here we can see some
let's see those colored lights in the
distance we're not too sure where we're
going oh maybe not
oh damn it we've got tricks by train I'm
so glad that I am
it's a train track Lily where the hell
are you so we finally arrived we got
lost we went to the wrong place we then
drove like 15 minutes away realized that
the wrong place was actually the right
place we just couldn't see the bus when
out here the bus like this is Louise bus
this is ridiculous if you've been
following my vlogs for ages I'm talking
like three four five six years you'll
know that I used to stay and I've got
tons of vlogs staying on Louise old bus
it's got all like kitchen y'all the fact
that you've got this piece is never
welcome to my house ride it ha ha ha
and it actually drives and got a bed
down the heater coffee machine have you
got any consoles over like an Xbox or
sauna here yeah we should I'll get you
on as a moving in present like oh right
as like a house warm in a bus woman I'll
buy you an Xbox or some of that warm a
station for you got a fridge up here as
well little fridge but this is the thing
I'm most proud of this is if you know
Louie well you will know that wherever
he is every evening there's a hot tub
that's where you're gonna find him every
YouTube event everything you like where
the hell is Louie God to the hot tub
there are hot tub on the bus tonight
check out 40 degrees oh my god below
really nah no oh good as oh so this is
just keeping the heat in later on jump
in
so how happy wait tell everyone what
you're doing at the moment because
they're probably thinking they're just
in the middle of nowhere throwing a
random bus party so this weekend we are
I tried to explain a summit which is a
little gathering not many people I think
it's like 60 people but I sold tickets
we booked out this entire youth hostel
and we're just doing that fun like doing
it workshops and it's kind of like a
mini mini YouTube
but it's no sony yes only came down we
got discovery Doolittle workshops and
yeah it's just a nice weekend basically
and it's a cool little community and we
like it wiring each other yeah we should
going inspiring each other like finding
travel buddies and stuff like that so
yeah it's been it's been good man thanks
for coming down of course that's happily
dude changes color so oh my gosh I look
so crazy when it's like all like white
and little and possible colors in the
moment so if you click the white button
we take love all the wood there you go
twitter twitter what are you saying hi
this about I don't even know from your
focus bone flying for his face at the
moment no it's not good at vlogging boy
I want to do this in real life
Dave's taking us all so I've got some
glitter on my face now way very glittery
we're very good yeah Louie didn't want
the glitter for that because he's too
much worried in the hot tub but yo
everybody the hot tub seriously like
there was no chance
we were forget your name Dave we'll hit
on him cell why'd you have to put me in
the rock box I'm weirding out
did I make this too hot for this evening
I know this is going to jail
did you expect this
Angele everything is kicking off this is
so sick such a good baby baby the kid oh
my god
sorry gets very super wide right I
honestly I think Dave singing over here
by the fire guys everyone's isn't such a
good vibe that is like Titus and
everyone just catching the good vibe I
miss Dave singing I'm so gutted I was in
a boy laughing and it was howling ah but
I got it going now we got Wonderwall the
fires going
go relax at night man we all look after
it for miles and miles and wound up
my baby every day
campfire singing is finished since how
we made the water too hot again too hot
that's five minutes
cool is open can you cool it down yeah
okay well we're about to get in the hot
tub upstairs but apparently the water is
too hot is it too hot
really I just got out of the hot tub
food is right it is so hot so I don't
know how hot tub can be too hot it is so
good it's not a bad problem to have
those it it's hotter that's too hot
that's a good problem because you can
make it colder they heat it up a hot tub
that's a mish that's definitely rich
guys look at Louie in his kitchen Louie
man get that Pizzo on yeah get that look
at him I literally look at my vlog
covering looks like you're in little
like a house so sick guys who just go
out the hot tub Oh
drop my hat on the floor that was sick
such a man I did not know what to expect
with this evening
yeah I'd had no idea I did not expect
what happened tonight to happen so good
yes yeah
wait no it wasn't way better than what I
thought I thought is just gonna be
everyone just like chilling everyone was
going for it tonight
Louie's trying to try to get some
late-night food so hungry let's say
goodbye now and then thank you yeah I'll
see you tomorrow
thanks for coming down thanks for having
me Congrats on a good night and a good
weekend goodbye
I've just got home that was sick that
was so fun I know I keep on saying guys
but I did not know what to expect
tonight
and that's such a good time such a good
time I once a massive thank you so much
to Louie for inviting me along tonight
let me bring sarin Olek just getting
some water now and I'm going to head up
to bed oh what a good first Brokeback I
hope you guys have enjoyed it if you
have go down below give it a big old
thumbs up I didn't feel much in the hot
tub because there are a couple of people
there that I didn't really know too much
friends of Louie's and never Keeney's
and swimwear and stuff and I didn't
really want to force the camera on those
people that's the dream hot tub on a
double-decker bus I'm gonna go to sleep
it's 20 minutes past two 20 minutes past
2:00 in the morning I'll catch you to
morrow morning because we're vlogging
every day we're back and I'm feeling
good feeling really really good let's
have a chat more about New Year's
resolutions and stuff like that so
comment down below now what your new
year's resolution is and what you're
doing to make this year better than any
you've ever had before in your life I
see in the morning guys good night
Oh
