three yeah good morning guys good
morning just taking our luck to the
toilet I've had see no idea what the
time is this morning I tried to film a
time-lapse for you I promise you at the
end of yesterday's vlog I showed you me
setting up the GoPro on the tripod I set
my alarm for 7:00 a.m. to wake up before
the sunrise and film a lovely time-lapse
and it was so foggy like so foggy I
couldn't see anything which you can't
see anything so I can film the
time-lapse so I'm just going to keep the
GoPro on the tripod as I said aloud to
me up there I'm going to cover her off a
little bit LR go and do a wee you know a
doggy go on there we go baby
so he said to me this morning there's
nothing she wants more than a bowl of
Coco Pops right now his breakfast for me
and Zoey and then so it's just come
downstairs and she's making your
breakfast I love watching cartoons
whilst eatin breakfast the sunday like
any car to literally like a venture time
Simpsons Futurama anything love it so
much but you don't really like cartoons
do you why not did you not watch my new
younger I love watching this are okay
but even like farming cartoons they're
not like nice even I watching like
proper kids that spongebob loved
watching just finish editing the vlog if
you look outside let mum and dad and the
dogs are right down here by the pond
look at them oh look at Nala but she's
loving her life my dad grew up in the
countryside so having like a forest and
land and a lake and stuff like that is
like the all-time dream of his is to
have a house light in the countryside
were big land around it so being
somewhere like this he's literally in
his element that love in his life
I'm all ready to go the only thing I
haven't done and I'm yet to do is brush
my teeth but all going out to grab lunch
today just going to go and explore a bit
zoe has got a fancy toothbrush she
bought me this one for Christmas that
looks not like a toothbrush but it's
really really cool sigh silicon has
always got a super fancy toothbrush
herself the it starts the timer on her
phone on the app you can choose the
color of the toothbrush I'll let reduce
pressure is she fresh it what it's
telling you you're doing it too hard
that is so crazy and so it tracks it
don't you the news what you're doing it
Nha still searching for Olympics answers
and it's help that's right said that you
get any cap Oh
any job family passions Fox Sydney
spectacular new fireworks 37 38 seconds
39 that is so sick Zoe's toothbrush
trying to fit you guys down Zoe's
toothbrush actually tells you if you're
pushing too hard
what
right and that's it that's my teeth
cleaning session done Zoe now flosses
all of her teeth we're like an electric
flosser that fires Listerine in between
your teeth here on the beach sunbathing
on your towel we've come out to
Guildford to do some shopping so far
everybody is Journal shopping for the
new year this shop has the cutest
journals for the new year yeah it's all
just like lovely books and stuff he's
always found some very Zoey very Zoey
stickers glows so cool all right bye a
happiness Journal mindfulness he's a
really good for talent your calendar
look party holiday travel birthday
little sticker we should get these for
your journals
this book is writing itself
what
that is neat you like Harry Potter oh my
gosh that's just bought some new shoes
very fancy very fancy only because you
disc my own your old ones were ruined
dad all right guys this is what happens
when we come up for lunch everyone looks
up since the camera comes out everyone
is on their phone just smashed it at so
much don't ever go to knock themselves
she takes like
she literally knows every single product
they have yes she's smelling every
single item hello what did someone say
pop what were you watching so I just
going on your Instagram tell everyone
hey grumpy papi no it's like 2016 the
31st of December the last day of grumpy
pave from 12 at 12 o'clock midnight you
better smile me though you shop that
thing in my face it time
hey that's not even our car
excuse me what do you two do what do you
do what do you do
someone just came up to us we're having
a picture with one of you guys and then
somebody else came up to us like excuse
me why people think vichitravirya what
you do so I just have we're good for
singers there's off x-factor so yeah
yeah so I didn't hang out so we
nothing's we're just a group of singers
maxfactor and says you've got great
talent I mean it's nice content on my
singing talent unless as you know we're
not singers from x-factor yeah we're
having Greek tonight I know it literally
the last clip in this vlog was me in gbk
eating my lunch but it was a lunch at
like 3 o'clock and we're going to have a
late dinner tonight there tonight is New
Year's Eve it is the New Year tonight
midnight and while want to try get some
fireworks don't think they sell them
here that I'm going to try and get some
somewhere also why I'm going back in a
minute guys you get the dinner I'm going
to go and get the chocolate today I
promised you guys I told you all we're
doing that today we're doing a new DIY
eight days I need to find chocolate
section here it is we need the big
chocolate bars are there still not big
enough these are the ones we need right
let's get a good stack how many is that
one one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten oh crap
seventeen eighteen twenty I think that
sure oh I don't know if that's going to
be enough and the thing is usually when
I do these DIY videos if it isn't enough
chocolate I can just pop to the shop and
grab some more think I did think cling
film I don't know where it is I'm sorry
that woman I worked here oh yeah because
I'm getting so much chocolate she
thought I was packing it away she just
said to me excuse me where's the cling
film and I don't know where it is I'm
sorry she's oh okay means what does yeah
it's because I get so much chocolate for
the DIY video
she thought I was packing chocolate away
and I were that is embarrassing and I
kind of love it at the same time
normally yeah if I don't have enough I
can pop to the shop yeah we're in the
middle of the countryside is a New
Year's Eve and shops are gonna be closed
we need to get it now should be better
to get too much and too little
yes indeed what are you saying that we
buy a walk and then we just put the
chocolate in there and let it melt and
keep on stirring it exactly but then
every time it does a load you then pour
it into the mold okay are we buying on
what it's a nonstick walk so I don't
think the top coat can even stick to it
they don't sell the glass bowls that we
need so I don't have to just buy one
this this is even the smartest decision
or the stupidest decision
oh my god the longest to see the longest
receipt of chocolate now we need to try
and find the girls who actually find
sensible things there they are for
dinner tonight
but in healthy lifestyle from tomorrow
so we have to eat all of this today I
don't have a problem oh and let's let
you see a little bit every day for like
couple of months ring in the New Year
hello doggy doggy
have you been Oh mum and dad had later
with the table the New Year's dinner is
that and let's see what stuff they've
got to melt in my chocolate just got
back and apparently we can't cook the
chocolate we can't melt the chocolate in
a wok or something cause it'll burn it
so mums freestyle in and we're going to
use this pyrex dish like that but we
also realize don't need that stuff that
the molds are nowhere near as big of
what I thought so I kind of bought 31
chocolate bars no we can't eat it six
bars each you know so we're going to
fill these molds up with chocolate now
make the chocolate doughnuts but it just
means that we've got enough chocolate to
do another one another time and I have
got my mother crazy mold now not
tomorrow from tomorrow we healthy so
we're gonna eat you tonight wait why are
you open it open in there just little
nibble I know you can't it's not off
check the date my record is wrong man no
checking it there we go get that water
boiling trip the first one in I say
first one we've kind of had a little bit
couple of bits ourselves the first four
packets oh my gosh it's smoked up my
camera already the first four packets
are in just trying to melt this
chocolate now that's eight chocolate
bars in there now it's starting to or no
it's starting to fully melt eleven then
we're going to try one more number
twelve
but look at that shook imagine just
eating that I think this is completely
done I think it's all smooth I'm about
to try and make the big pour the
chocolate is fully melted I'm going to
try and pour into here oh my gosh is
heavy oh my gosh it's heavy
clap
on her this is our bowl of melted
chocolate it's looking good
now we just need to pour into these
molds I am so gonna mess this up let's
do one at a time I don't even know if
this is going to be enough that is one
of the two done and there's barely any
left I've literally used well of these
packets of chocolate what are you doing
and we've only got half of a doughnut
done the other half is here
alright let's pour in what we've got
left poppies come to help me this one's
completely done but there's not enough
in this one that's fine what if we make
a mini donut I need to take a bit of
that no no no no no we can't do that hey
no eating it I misjudged I didn't melt
enough we've got I've got a lot more
down there I could use what I'm going to
do try and speed up the process and
don't know if this is gonna work it
might fail I've got a Pyrex jug here and
I'm going to fill out with chocolate as
much as I can and whack it in the
microwave it could just burn the
chocolate or it could do miracles and
speed things up look at sorry
she doesn't mum what are you eating we
caught you I'm gonna pop this in the
microwave it's because I didn't melt
enough look I so nearly did enough I
judged it wrong it'll taste so long to
heat up hopefully this will be quicker
I don't know where this clip ended I
think it might have ended with me
shaking my head at the fact that out if
you wanted to microwave chocolate so
Alfie um how's that gone I bet y'all
yeah I'm so good
no look look what did you come on look
at it
so much it's smoking up there well do
you admit that I was right
I might shut up a minute uh no I told
you they don't - do they need outside
for that I think you need to mush it
round
there's obviously one real bad form to
go off this is not so good this is not
good DIY video guys
what are you gonna do now
listen to me in future
hmm is that what your chocolate bear
with that no I got tons more chocolate
down there I can't I can't melt it or
what was it's just gonna be so long and
we're gonna but we're gonna go in to
dinner so I should have just done it
properly but I didn't so guys we've got
one normal-sized donut half and one
miniature one there might just be a pot
of burnt chocolate out the window well
other than that that's it open the
window never look out you still out
there chopper look down what are you
doing what are you doing so we've got a
miniature one and a big one today guys
right just cling film in them so that no
buggies outside get them because the
freezers full at the moment so we're
gonna have to death for oh my god I feel
like it's just gonna flop everywhere you
big up yeah so delicate where you pit
now just outside just leave it literally
out there and then we'll grab it in a
minute oh my gosh it's so cold
right oh there we go
mission accomplished kind of
accomplished we've got one that's only
half I'm sorry guys I'm sorry I tried
but I just burnt or the chocolate the
solid chocolate I tried but we'll see
what that's like in a couple of hours
but that's not the main feature this
book this blog is about New Year's it's
about hanging out with family young
there we go
12 chocolate bar wrappers in the bin
show me okay
Zoey's says always bought this thing
called a fur bow which is down there on
the floor and it has a camera built into
it when we're out the house we can see
them on the little camera and we can
talk to them it has like a microphone so
that we can talk to them zombies got a
phone on the side we can hear us now and
we can hear the dogs and we can give
them a treat we can press a button on
our phone and it fires a tree out the
machine for them I don't know if this is
cool or like the lamest dog owner thing
in the world but I think it's cool you
guys excited like why why putting all
our treats into that random robot
buzzers getting annoyed what's this
what's this what it did one yeah let me
speak into it frustrating and I'm not
happy cuz you're in the real ball one to
another ring
and then pressing we should all go into
another rub look at this
Wow Thank You da come here
come see mommy come in embosses
possession you stupid dogs if I the
treat for you no let's got it
Isaac Parker Zoe Zoe speak again they
think it's the TV look what's this they
just don't get it they're so confused
yeah hey my vitatree turn he gets yeah
he's just gonna market it and I was just
gonna bark and bark it into yes a tree
so it's hard to use the app because the
connections not very good with internet
here once we do a home once we got good
Wi-Fi i think it's gonna be it's gonna
be really cool it just means when we go
back that we can talk to narlow can give
her a treat instead okay there's no he
so gets it now everyone in the household
is tired feel like the we know Nietzsche
we need to waken up that's the one
but give me a whoo yeah give me a whoo
yeah give me a whoa Cobar New Year's
baby come on gamma P afters are you
comfy Zoe
yeah now your dad yeah no you're not
yes go mom your turn go dad your turn oh
yeah
is y'all good go Shawn yeah we just
finished watching the last Harry Potter
pop in Sean had never seen it before
then how are you have seen it before
you just had no idea what was going on
the time is like oh time is like half
past eleven or something
exactly almost eleven it is so nearly
January 1st 2017 that is crazy I'm
starting to feel quite ill you know when
you just feel really like cold and weak
and I'm not lying
I've got a headache again room I promise
you guys I feel quite ill but um
tomorrow for juice cans then I'm a
little better so got glasses of
champagne or though guys in the last
half an hour just start feeling older to
me I literally haven't even moaned about
guys you got one minute come on Zoey
quick one minute ten nine eight seven
six five four three one
Happy New Year buzz happy fuzzy boy
Happy New Year Happy New Year NOLA
guys this proves how LM feeling I'm
passing on the chocolate dessert and
going up to bed the fireworks are still
on like the London fireworks show this
is unbelievable it's been about like 11
minutes now I don't get how it become so
ill so weak and rough right now within
like the last hour now it was only
probably like three hours ago but even
carrying up my laptop just then hurts is
only a couple of hours ago three a three
or four hours ago
that I was making the bloomin chocolate
doughnut we're gonna have to check on
that in the morning and leave it to like
freeze and hiding overnight and I'll add
it in at the end of this vlog I've got
myself some paracetamol to take if I go
to sleep I want to start the year
feeling so fresh feeling so alive and in
so awake feeling revived and ready for a
fresh amazing start so fingers crossed
guys that I wake up tomorrow and all of
this was gone and it was just like a
little quick overnight then if you're
excited for 2017 guys go down below give
the video big old thumbs up let's see
how many we can possibly get for all of
the amazing memories that we've made
together during 2016 I do want to sit
down and have a proper light rewind
catch-up thank you and talk to you guys
about how excited I actually am for 2017
but right now I'm honestly not failing
out
I'll catch you in the morning I'm going
to attach a bit onto the end of this
vlog in the morning when I do the
chocolate doughnut and hopefully
hopefully it's all good
I've seen the morning good night guys oh
my gosh I thought I stupidly thought
that how I was feeling that illness that
thing whatever it was that I ended up
having was going to be gone by the
morning that took eight days out of me
eight days or seven days of no vlogging
that hit me hard put me in bed for a
week whatever that was one thing that I
have done because I keep my promises
review guys I stick to everything I say
I have kept my solid chocolate donut
outside as you know during this video
that you were just watching I was
staying out in the countryside in the
middle of nowhere and I had frozen will
I put outside to freeze to go solid a
giant DIY chocolate donut I picked it up
I put it in the car I've driven it all
the way home and it is still outside my
house oh I can't possibly eat it guys
because I don't know I like it's been
outside for like over a week now this is
so cool I'm already tempted to just eat
it look at that right I'm going to
quickly cut that bit straight I've got a
little knife here look at that
look at it that is like literally even
though it's been a week that is
successfully a giant chocolate doughnut
oh my gosh this looks so good that okay
that one is like fully successfully I
can let you put it around my camera lens
mmm alright let's have a look at this
other one because this one was only half
these molds are like super cheap by the
way obviously this isn't like proper
cooking this is just messing about DIY
at home with some a little bit with a
little bit of melted chocolate you can
all do this these are I think this mold
was literally like three pounds on
Amazon or this one slightly slimy II oh
I mean it looks
there but it's really really thin that's
the difference it looks the same okay
that's what smells so good I really just
want to go I got chocolate all over my
hands I need to put the small one in the
bin I might keep the big one and just
eat it I'm happy to say that I'm fully
back vlogging again so tomorrow there's
going to be an up-to-date new current
vlog from what I'm up to today so give
the video a thumbs up if you're excited
for that subscribe if you're not already
and I I'll see you tomorrow
Syd worry guys good night
