as out the cooking school where we teach
you how to cook sound good
good morning guys good morning oh wow
that's summoned a dog hello hello doggie
and she's run away again good morning
guys how you doing whoo I'm tired today
I'm real real tired
I'm currently away on holiday in the
middle of nowhere in the countryside
with my family we've rented this big big
old house
check out the view guys is so foggy so
he kind of got up took Nala right to the
toilet went to the gym and I was like
yeah of course I'll meet you there I'll
see you there and I kind of fell asleep
so she's just wrong we said I finished
my workout thanks for joining me and now
she's in the swimming pool so I need her
they put my swimming stuff on to be fair
I'm not trying to make up excuses or
anything of why I didn't go to the gym
with her because I should have gone but
Zoey did fall asleep last night on the
sofa at like 9:00 p.m. and I went to bed
at like 1:00 a.m. so she did literally
get hours more sleep than me but I said
I'd be there
I wasn't there so I need to get my bite
into my swimming stuff I need to go
swimming how are you doing there what
have you been up to Christmas it's kind
of over and in the past that's not a bad
thing had a great great time I might
have loved it on my family and I hope
you did too if you celebrate Christmas
but what you been up to what you doing
for New Year's what are your plans what
your new year's resolutions how you
feeling at the moment I'm feeling great
about life I'm feeling like I feeling
like 2017 is going to be the year you
know it's going to be a great year all
of us I feel like we're going to
accomplish a lot of things and I'm ready
I'm fully ready for 2017 are you ready
for 2017 are you taking a fresh start
you're going to start working out you
can eat healthier you already eat
healthy and you already exercise you're
doing already gorgeous give me five now
let give me five rahmel you're trained
so well
just got to the swim pool now went to
use my GoPro and then if you can see
that ler no SD card I left my key card
upstairs
Oh guys I've got my blog camera in the
pool if I fall in or if this drops in
we're screwed I work this holiday so
then if this is a smart idea everyone
else has got at the pool now but before
I turn my camera on a minute ago we were
all in the post Ian how many lips we can
possibly do move like six of us all in a
line like swim in it but now everyone
else is left and it's kind of just me
this is such a sick to report at imagine
having this the bouzouki
I'm sorry again that my GoPro has no
memory card I wasn't would have known
some sick underwater stuff just got out
the shower all dressed everyone else has
happened breakfast downstairs our wheel
I love how we all just take seat somehow
no I'm saying that we always stay in the
same seat whatever seat we take on the
fair okay hold off a sitting is OEC yes
I do now I'm what this is my chair now
this one here what have we got breakfast
cakes fruit yogurt toast I'm having ham
ham and egg where's the a gap Zoey
finally knows what it's like to have Jim
Dom's
Dom's which is where your your muscles
ache this is just your legs is that how
you have to go down the stairs no it's
not tomorrow dear
oh yes Zoey not to make any worse but
love that Zoey walking down the stairs
going down come on
see the thing that hurts the most Larry
isn't that a day after it's the day
after that goes are we go it's time for
us all gone and walk we haven't gone on
a proper countryside walk since we've
been here so we're all layering up and
getting ready to go out guys look what
dad's got with him what have you got
that all of the frozen little bits of
pizza dough that we froze the other day
to slingshot loads of frozen peas and
beans and it's known of course the
slingshot all the girls think that they
were going out on a lovely walk with the
dogs and really we're going slingshot in
they just don't know it yet don't worry
we'll come in look buzz is so tired
already buzzy excited going out on a
walk here we go
Chuck Muir been bringing your sean's on
the photos
oh my gosh give me a big old broad beam
look at that
frozen broad beam that film this okay
really let's just have a test shot don't
expect anything good guys oh my god
rebound good I got you there man rebound
have fun building a little city hit that
little tree dad you filming the floor
man oh sorry right sure the trailer
there I try and hit the electricity pole
no didn't hear that one more she didn't
quite hear that
hey got it oh I just got dripped on
these are cold in my hand man you like
that I'm for braudy yes then then pinch
the sides of it get a do it up in the
air so try and hit that one yeah
oh that was close nice no you did it
this mist is pretty damn scary this is
like something out of a horror movie
try and hit that little tree got it that
I want to hear it hit that tree there
this one the one in front in the middle
on a hit gun not the big one the big boy
it's a long one here good not gonna lie
we've actually hit some pretty damn good
shots with this thing we've realized
that it's easier to fire stones than it
is the things we made just because
stones are heavier and the things we
made a light and they're not circular
like they're not strange lately
yeah they move a little bit in the air
like this so we've chanted firing stones
at trees that's what we've been doing
we're getting some good shots I just
can't wait to get back into the bow and
arrows oh yeah I think that's gonna be
sick kinda set by the end of mine what a
fire flaming bow and arrow and arrow
I mean not dangerous at all are we going
down there as are now taking over taking
the range of the little doggy her
stomach is so muddy where you trying to
run to going in all right here we go oh
I'm always so bad at taking these off we
just got back dad might head on this
guy's I've smashed my head on this door
three times so far dad's done it about
seven times so far I am hungry
I need to eat and I need to edit
yesterday's vlog oh I hope you guys
enjoyed yesterday's thumbnail to the
video because
because I didn't get a good picture and
I want the picture of the video like the
thumbnail to be me in the gym because I
was doing some ridiculous Pilates
workout yesterday and I want that to be
like the photo so I've just changed back
exactly into the outfit of wearing
yesterday just to get a good picture of
me working out to put as the to push the
thumb now so I hope you enjoy that all
of you have all you have what the
bloomin are you talking about but basic
the still bit when you see the video in
the subscriptions box on Twitter or on
Facebook there's such a funny point in
the blog where's Owen I doing the most
ridiculous workout on these and all
about to be the picture but I couldn't
get a good screenshot like a good still
image from the video which is normally
how I make all of my thumbnails I just
choose like I just pause the video and
take a screenshot and that's the
thumbnail but I couldn't get a good one
so I'm going to try and make one now
think about the picture although it's
kind of hard because I've only got this
come and try little tripod there's
nobody helping me out trying to take the
perfect photo normally in these vlogs as
I said I never normally like take
pictures or stuff for my thumbnails
I just pause the video and like
screenshot it guys Sean's got a tripod
here with him I'm going to steal this
use it for time lapse to I morning can I
borrow your tripod is this mine oh sick
it's mine hi I'm going to put that down
there for a good time lapse tomorrow
morning with the sunrise I cannot wait
to use this bow and arrow look at the
size of the target we got parent you can
shoot this over a thousand times this is
going to be sick that you good at
archery that means you're not I wanted
to do archery in this video like if you
look outside you can see ahead of you
right now for like 20 meters I feel like
we're going to lose the arrows put your
archery today because it's so damn foggy
so we might have to we're going to judge
it see what happens right now off to the
shop to go buy some ingredients for Zoey
nice pie is tonight that we're making
but we're just gonna have to judge and
see what happens with the archery
because I don't want to
lose the arrows in the garden want to be
up there one is fundable
hello mate hello mate hello mate the
guys you know I say about them being so
excited when we come home
it's like lemon but why are you
attacking that bag mate yeah yes dad
what are you making up well it's amazing
remember is this not seeming Robbie's
blog all right mum get the shout out let
me link in every day or doctor really
really good will daddy go called
Bananagrams and your boy just one yeah
boy you with anything yeah I always been
game for not spelling games not like
that
hey it didn't win did you though you
didn't win three cue words I have 2 4 6
6 eb u 7e I called it birth mum I called
it first I've won again don't meet the
mildly you finished off to me let me
just do all my Salmons ready
like what tour slot or slot mum hello
print boy graze zebra beam bu bu get
that out right now check mine dad
whatever my donkey and I see what is
that right check mine got any phase
renew soda dat doesn't count
dat doesn't go
okay what else tiny change of that okay
you got to get the carry on watch from
gone oh yeah whoa mom and dad had just
couldn't swim in and tonight Zoey and I
cooking dinner for everybody we're
making one chicken pie and one veggie
pie should I take that job yeah if you
could just peel that yeah that would be
browned although I am really - Lee
commenter's - over here - no you're
about today but what does that mean this
is the real life try not to cry
challenge
what drop the onion you can dice it drop
it
you're crying yet get in my eye you are
gonna lose an eye
that's a big old knife isn't it be
careful yeah oh no the crying has begun
when you like finely chop does anyone
know yeah come on in boys
okay no seriously holy crap oh boy ah
little bitty oh my gosh yeah I told you
there was an actress here there's a tear
okay
why do you have one for you who I always
have
this one right that's a why'd you sleep
not long as that one is uh was a
watching break it Ralph cross we do this
I love wreck-it Ralph does this look
good enough cut into thick slices holy
crap oh we need Newsies out do we
yeah don't mean to do the shoppin got it
get together careful oh I'm just not
sure this is the sharpest knife hmm
which means steam in the spinach no
season Annette the lion Kings now on
this is literally another try not to cry
this is the saddest oh this is so sad
this bear
my job is paired in Duty then come done
with all of my peeling for the next 10
years of my life that was a lot it's
about half an hour later the squash and
the onion is out is always making some
gravy over there and got the spinach and
ricotta we've got the mashed potato
cooking up we've got the chicken cooking
up still got some more veg to make in
where the peas gone oh there there peas
and the carrots are all cooked bacon is
cooked it's fully coming together it's
getting there the ultimate mashed potato
let's go bit by bit
leprechauns gonna need a lot if we got a
toilet
ready
knocked out but this is gonna give my
arms hey guys your workout your arm
workout get out get them
this is Papa's veggie pie looks so good
very
great presentation I've been mashing
this mash for like 20 minutes now trying
to make it as smooth and silky as
possible got a little help on the floor
there and there's stuff in here
it's all cooking up as well just washed
all of this veg where did to get cooked
up in a bit cracked egg mix it all up
and as always just making the pies look
amazing and on each person so this one
is poppy it's gonna pee on it
get that scoop in obviously no lazy I
have a member of staff is of it look at
her she's just sleeping down here see
finished you're done now okay then I but
we're designing everyone's pies are you
excited you're excited we just point out
Alfie did for supplies
and his or the others great charity
Bertie
goodbye look how tidy it is what we're
cookin can you tell everybody how long
we've been cooking for literally over to
our not has we warned that because we
watch the whole of the Lion King and
part yeah it's from the beginning
because it went from what was that
probably the film that was on that I
love wreck-it Ralph was on for about
half an hour then all of the Lion King
and it's been an hour since Lion King
finished master like three hours let's
see how the puff pastry is doing its
puffing up so I think we should open a
cooking school as out the cooking school
where we teach you how to cook sound
good
now I don't know what I'm doing at all
I'm just following what you say this up
here is instant boiling water it's good
that's scary at the same time we're just
heating up the mash get that arm workout
in cooking up the greens and the pies
are nearly done what it's officially pie
time everything else is out on the table
that is your one that's massive it's a
penis pie look all of them thank you cuz
Irene I have a big one that we're
sharing God he cut and I was in half
thank you you there pop yours is veggie
it smells like forgetting my absolutely
fine night Nick I just sell my GoPro
ready for the time-lapse tomorrow
morning for the sunrise put on
time-lapse mode already and everything
it's time to get into bed my hair looks
ridiculous he's been wearing a hat all
day today as being a long old day if you
wonder why it's concentrate from dinner
to bedtime it's because hello Missy this
because I fell asleep on the sofa we all
played a like couples game to see which
couple knows their partner the best
normally Zoe and I lose all of these
like my sister Shaun mum dad we'll know
each other so well somehow that's true
mom and dad went away 30 years or
something probably in Iran eight years
but tonight Zoey and I actually won we
got the best scoring way I'm going to
end the vlog here guys thank you so much
for watching today if you enjoyed it
give it a big ol thumbs up we didn't get
to do the archery because it was so damn
foggy outside so we're going to do some
tomorrow I'm going to try and do a giant
massive crazy DIY chocolate video you
guys love those videos
so have you excited for that and yeah
subscribe if you're not already leave
your little leg is up Nala
that's it shake your neck to the camera
no I see the morning
mmm
