good morning guys
Zoey nyah Robert what's the time we're
off boss five your war time five when I
woke up it's 24/7 hmm so you know I have
up at 20 bar 7:00 in the morning to
watch the sunrise and so far it's
looking incredible I tried to film a
time lapse for you if I don't have a
tripod and the only of this cover with
me
so as crap I didn't film for long enough
look so nice
the clone of this guy's there's a
massive leak over there I don't know if
that's someone else's bedroom or not oh
that's the kitchen this is so cool out
here isn't it look imagine I'm in a
bedroom like this say good morning say
come on into the camera did you just say
it we're about to go on a walk it's like
7:30 a.m. and both these are asleep this
place is five bedrooms and they're sleep
on the sofa
what oh all right you ready little one
you ready
we're literally up before sunrise oh my
gosh knowledge already boom we've been
outside for like four seconds
good girl baby naturally in a poo goes
are we dance dance Weiss it's cool it's
like iced over
oh good girl baby
guys there's a whale over there
they really slippy I'm gonna walk it on
the side the grass is so crunchy oh my
gosh our feet must be freezing
where are these chickens out there's
apparently there's 10 chickens here look
they've got basketball hoop as well
imagine having a tennis court to
yourself just like this man and his wife
of a tennis court sorry the chickens are
up there we're gonna go find the
chickens I don't know what Niall is
gonna think of chickens then if she's
ever seen chickens before can you see
them yeah mornings like this maybe you
want to live in the countryside so bad
guys just get up Oh get some fresh air
look at the chickens Hey
hey Nora has no idea what they are look
at her
is it cool no I don't touch this one
look at that view does this not make you
want to live in the countryside I did
live in the country oh you did literally
going on we've let you off the lead and
you're just not going anywhere
go and run go and play all right we
tried to walk away but she she's not
really coming Oh giving them assists you
take the coat off you come here as
always making some lemon drinks for
breakfast this isn't our breakfast we're
nice to have them to wake us up whoa our
room is bright geez the Sun is
definitely risen now guys it's time to
put on my gym clothes and get to the gym
got any gym clothes on I'm feeling good
I've got mat chin leggings to my top
let's get it let's get it this that's a
Pilates machine Pilates you mom does
plot isn't she so just on a little
warm-up dude like a 10-minute video of
the new machines those carny watching
Carly Rowena's videos
oh right no gym workout done I kind of
didn't really know what kind of didn't
really hit the gym too hard probably to
hit pretty hard but I'm used to having a
lot more weight than that so I didn't
really know what to do so much I I'm
going to go back to now eat breakfast
stuff and plan my workouts for the next
few days yeah I want to swim later
I just Sean didn't work out and it might
say this is how you working out your
code just to sweat more everyone's
making breakfast already got mine
summoners grumbled eggs and a protein
shake finish my breakfast I'm really
beginning to get tired now going to bed
at one o'clock and waking up at 6
o'clock it's kicking in everyone else is
downstairs eat breakfast and I'm halfway
through editing today's vlog I I don't
so much GoPro footage that I thought was
going to look great in a swimming pool
last night and it turns out that it is
way too dark and you basically can't see
anything it's like more or less
pitch-black do you guys really want
treats do you really want one all right
let's get you one each you sit down you
sit down mister good boy buy a good few
hours of pass guys for currently food
shopping for dinners
this is what we've got so far Zoey's
made a massive list and texts me over of
things that she wants mom's going
through all the lists and ticking off
each one as we go of what we're getting
papi is also stolen my coat we've got
sweet potatoes but get those limes
jannat on it it's not that big
no it's not
oh my gosh we're going to bit over the
top hello Zoey
hello Seidman hello Jamie there are so
many people around me when I was just
saying that that's it's so creepy
look how much food we just got you got
happy poppy looks in my coat how good is
the herd these guys are cooking up a
storm there are some serious cooking
going on what we have in tonight New
Mexico having burritos read it read it
read it yeah mom and I are taking the
dogs out for a bit new bags whereabouts
are they don't tell papi I'm wearing her
shoes like this out in the garden come
on then doggies go go have fun
feel like I'm wearing high heels where
is she
this is not how they got their little
lights on Hey look at the doggies guys
you got let in why are they just
standing with us go have fun
cookies Oh nah let's go in Cameron em
there's one and there's one good doggies
Oh who made this is OE papi and Sean
this looks incredible
burritos burritos burritos one of my
favorite thing is red wine that's I'm
talking about no way
buzz will never cut on me like that he
loves me it's time to go and tidy up a
little dinner somehow though he's
persuaded everybody to get to Christmas
Phil and then just falling asleep on the
sofa and ahh
look at this oh so cute we're watching
TV so tired
buses are sleeping forever sorry oh it's
this one song that he hates but it's
okay literally woke him up why do you
not like that song mate Julian bees boy
tucked up in bed I'm I said that in ages
if you've been watching the vlogs for a
while you'll know that I used to end
every video by saying that I'm all
tucked up in bed I don't know why today
when like it just disappeared I feel
like I haven't really even vlogged much
I want these vlogs whilst we're on
holiday to be insane tomorrow I'm going
to play around with the bow and arrow
then the day after I'm going to do a new
DIY video guys do I days is coming back
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it guys subscribe if you're not
already tonight we hit three million
seven hundred and fifty thousand
subscribers on this channel that is
insane on the countdown to four million
guys go down below and subscribe I'll
see you in the morning and nine o'clock
tomorrow the whole family were you awake
when we was in this nine o'clock
tomorrow were all going swimming
together the same time around the pool
not around the pool in the pool you know
it swim around it I've seen the money
guys
