you are not ready to see this swimming
bowl when I turn this camera around you
excited look at this it's time to pack
for the holiday
we were mentally five minutes ago but
I've been editing the vlog all morning
rushing like mad to do everything I
possibly can the room is so messy my
suitcase is empty I need to get my
backpack in now where we're going today
is so sick so so sick you guys in for a
treat for the next week of vlogs sup 3 4
5 6 7 & 2 GQ pairs of trainer socks
boxes 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
we're about to leave we're just making
sure that all our CCTV cameras are on
and the house I feel bad you know the
drill by now we never ever leave the
house empty look at all of this
recycling our friends who are staying
here at God's I'm very very sorry
good morning guys good morning you
probably don't have a clue where I am I
told you I was going away I was going on
holiday and that is exactly what we've
done today before I start the vlog I
just want to let you know in case you
noticed that Zoey plucked my eyebrows
earlier it went something like this
I'm gonna grab this so much I stupidly
said to Zuri that she can pluck my
eyebrows I actually own two different
shaped tweezers
oh those ones and these like really know
this hurts so bad all the good thing is
when you get it done
it happened so quick because they're
like doo doo doo doo doo doo like
they're reading it so quickly it's so
quick how's the pain level this is
current like I'll turn three and a half
see that's not so bad but these ones
under here that are like a 9.8 okay
these are ones I hate do you want to
squeeze my arms
no God blue bruise you are you squeezing
something gotten squishing my hand in
between my thighs okay clenching my legs
and it hasn't even started yet
what was that ah it's harder to do it
upside down Oh
what is the after it doesn't have for
like 30 seconds and then afterwards it
feels like my brains just been pulled
through my bloody eye socket
guys I'm gonna have to put you down this
is too intense you birthed my bloody
head I'm gonna get some from down here
because this is the bit that's like you
doing well 3 God does it look any better
it actually does if you just let me get
few more and now I'm left with like
bored bits under here but this bit bored
and this better future the difference at
all I actually quite like it I think it
looks quite good it was blooming painful
so we've come away to a cottage just
like last year and like the year before
we've rented a house in the middle of
nowhere me Zoe
poppy Shaun mum dad and the doggies got
one dog running around here somewhere
we've just arrived
we haven't unpacked or anything yeah
that's Zoe's cage it shared a smaller
case than that yes oh he's bought a lot
of stuff I bought more gym clothes than
I have normal clothes why are you I roll
in the place that we're staying has its
own gym very happy and even better a
massive indoor heated swimming pool
that's what I want to do Zoe like mine
is Owens bedroom is really really sick
we've cottony put the blinds down but
the whole of this like you can see out
into the countryside all right I'm gonna
get changing to swimming stuff or should
we get changed when we're down let me
show you this bathroom I'm not going to
do like a tour video this is our bath
doesn't that look insane this is just
the ensuite and of mine Zoe's room and
this is our shower you walk through that
the woman who showed us around here I
said it was like a luxury car wash
imagine if we turned all on and each
walkthrough
what made bit the floor so that the
water runs through it's cool isn't it
this place is so so sick guys should we
get changed you to swim yourself now or
should we take it down and take it down
to the change of rooms down there I'm
gonna get changed now
good my antenna just shorts isn't it and
I'm just gonna run down pop you watch
out probably watch out it's busy boy
what we're going swimming dad oh no guys
I forgot to put shoes on now I forgot my
feet are so cold hey quick my feet I
like frozen guys oh the lights here oh
my gosh you are not ready to see this
swimming bowl when I turn this camera
around you excited look at this oh my
gosh the water is meant to be 28 to 30
degrees I'm pretty fix it
no not 30 hot tub but also on the other
side of the pool down here there's also
a gym like an actual gym we've got a
private gym got Pilates machines all of
this surf massage table another Pilates
cross trainer running machine bike we
want these which are using the gym a lot
myself all the weights over there
kettlebells down there this is so sick
this is so so sick man there's like a
viewing deck up here this looks this
looks so bad
Sean you're not gonna wear one of these
mate guys I've now got to walk back with
no t-shirt shorts and no what they
called on no shoes that's the word shoes
I'm just going to be so cold drying this
guy oh my God my feet oh man
I'm feeling a million times better now
that was a good swim now I just had a
shower to moisturize my face this is the
new aftershave Zoe bought me for
Christmas it smells incredible how would
you describe this what doesn't it yeah
that's that's very good just super fresh
it's so nice and then i DM Joey oh yeah
this man's amazing
so Joey Zoe thank you very much as I
said to you a couple of days ago tonight
it's the night that we're making our own
pizzas mum's already pre-made all of the
dough wow these are gonna be big pizzas
and spilt peep oh you got some gin and
tonics
that's some serious cheese not gonna
quite make MA always got a few good way
watch if you could do it properly
it's
what are you guys barking at what is it
is it this Oh you snap open these open
our what is it you barking it yourselves
fish for piggies ah you are so stupid
this is Papi's this is always look at
mum its mamasan a cheese crust it's time
for the boys to take over all of the
girls are in the oven
they're looking good that's so are you
guys can't see on the camera
that's Zoe's in there Poppy's up there
and mums down here mums looks the best I
think oh sorry did you hear that I've
got a spelt base healthy spelt base
dad's going to be the worst I can tell
already
he hasn't even started I can just tell
no dad nothing no no I don't want a
trapeze on mine
that feels so much better than I feel
the difference between those two that
and I feel mine mine's like a rock this
one's so nice and so you know I'm going
held a grand healthy
dad how's yours covered I'm ready to
roll I think that you are made I'm
making Jesus stop with the name my mum's
are we in short no dad what you doing
I'm having spell sure not all make sure
you've got it all on me
these guys are all teaming up to try and
make dough balls all around the outside
of Shawn's pizza
what's dad's reaction that put on your
pizza no get away from my I'm sorry I'm
sorry sorry said I should be vlogging
this but this is cheetahs how is this is
team what this should be just you solo
love have you seen this isn't this
treating pop mums are we Andrew and Sean
it not be no interesting
no this is just I think my pizza is done
this looks so delicious super cheesy
loads of ham Zoe in Sean are still going
to town Sean's is literally look like a
piece of art others
mine's going in the people numbers yours
looks good and your so much dough dad
show everyone yours come on show them
yours oh my gosh that looks good next
time kick zombies and hobbies is out
poppies looks interesting
Zoey's literally looks like she just
bought it from the pizza shop how the
hell abhi damn man that's so circular
Bobby decided with tinfoil on hers and
it's broken
why did you put on tinfoil dad's
actually looks really good
oh it's got to put like spices on it
apparently the girls are just eating you
guys just heat in this table is pretty
small isn't it all right my pizza didn't
turn out as as good as I thought it's
kind of not ranking very high in the
family at the moment probably last kind
of got a bit of it stuck okay dad your
starts get sick even I've ruined it like
five times
oh my gosh yeah it does look the best
I'll give you that oh my gosh virtual
high five yeah that looks epic not a
second nut to everyone no no
it's time for me to do my teeth and get
into bed zoey is already fast asleep
next door watching TV Nala is barking at
the TV I'm going to end the vlog in here
I know today's has been a I'm going to
end the vlog in here I know today's vlog
has been a little bit short guys but we
spent the vast majority of the day
as
