damn
I haven't even side the vlog yet today
good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it is currently Christmas Eve I've been
preparing the house as you know if
you've been watching the videos I'm
having Christmas at my house for the
first time ever like it's always been
like my mum and dad's house which you
wear I can't even speak it's always been
at my mom and dad's house which is where
I am now I'm having Christmas Eve here
then we're going to church in a couple
of hours
going to church isn't something that I
usually do I only ever do Christmas Eve
we just go along sing some carols and
stuff and fill in the festive spirit you
know anyways
all the family I currently mom and dad's
were about to have Christmas Eve lunch
which mum and dad uh prepared we're
getting this two days oh yeah this looks
good so he's still not very well this is
literally my favorite thing yeah we used
to have it on Boxing Day you may miss is
the Jamie Oliver turkey pie what else is
in it mum turkey nuts not plays Therese
is the one no see this is the the only
thing is there we've got Christmas today
at our house this meals can be better
than the Christmas me this is always my
favorite villainous 1 pies oh my
goodness everybody oh by the time you're
watching this is corny Christmas lovely
day that's exciting
I saw me for this morning tweets and
said that it's Christmas where they live
New Zealand where we're sitting just
come out to church and then this time is
super quiet it's not very busy
yeah and I would just sign a really big
judge
before any kind
there we go back from church I'm about
to take first offense mom's just taking
it everyone's taking it in the house
because we don't want we don't want to
get Zoey's lucky all Papi's properties
got the same as Zoey
you ready I hate this so much i'ma make
you go Boston it or not whatever you are
I was going to your brain my mum's now
like yes nothing came out
oh yes it did whoa honestly I've only
one more age holy crap
okay that's really light isn't it minty
in my nose wanna see my nostrils feel
like they're on fire
you ready to go home yeah buzzy boy you
wanna come to ours
yeah this vlog is literally all over the
place we're now back home everyone else
is still at mom and dad actually no mom
and dad at mom and dad's for being short
I just got back now we're tidying the
place together and already it's time for
me to get the santur out I've ordered a
extension cord for mum and dads but I
haven't told them why we're gonna get
Santa out and we're gonna put him
underneath there in that bit so that he
stays dry
I think he'll fit I don't know oh my
gosh he's so bloomin big
Oh
guys he's way too big is way too big a
wife to put him down here somewhere
bloom Annette that's quite funny
actually come and look at this what do
you think
oh but go look at it as if you're like
mum and dad of that covered I don't got
stand up but if you're coming towards
the house do you don't get that's funny
I've been that's funny that's so funny
that's so funny I'm gonna leave him
there all right time to put a load of
these canopies in get them all ready for
everyone's arriving in like five minutes
1602 18 7 2 9 20 nice nearly the same
that's 20
I think someone's just arrived do you
like it so go isn't it I love it you
like it what is it because he's too big
to stand out let's go isn't it Poppy's
wrapping last-minute presents I've just
wrapped all of mine and added them look
how ridiculous this is
that is just obscene how many presents
are armed we've got even more snacks
even more food here oh my gosh guys just
fell asleep on the bed and I'm meant to
be at the pub see my friends at 11
o'clock for when every year we have a
tradition where we hang out for when it
hits 12 o'clock and all at the pub it's
now 25 minutes past 11:00 I've just
woken up luckily is have the effect of
like a power nap like I feel like super
awake right now but I am like 25 minutes
late and I'm nowhere near the table and
no way close and I've got to pick up one
of our friends on the wait yeah oh my
gosh I'm I need to get going you said
you did also I kind of didn't film
anything in the pub at all there's too
many people they ever what
everyone's gonna be so confused guys we
just went to the pub it is now like 10
20 to 2:00 in the evening tons people
are still there but there's so many
people so many friends I didn't want to
get the coming out you film in front of
everyone now we just drop in Morgan
obviously I haven't been drinking I just
drop in Morgan and Holly back to theirs
we need to get going
Merry Christmas Holly Coney quarter past
two ridiculous lengths and I remember
that I've wrapped all of the presents
except for one there's actually in my
office it arrived or you can barely even
see me but it arrived a couple of weeks
ago and I hid it in the office just to
make sure there's I even find it a
little bit that is bright so I need to
get it out and wrap it before tomorrow I
mean technically today all good guys
we've got it I'm gonna leave the book
here I'm gonna wrap this up
everyone is obviously fast asleep this
just looks incredible oh my gosh I'm so
excited thank you for the support
recently thank you for all the love I
hope you're having an amazing Christmas
with your family with your friends
whoever you're choosing to spend it with
I hope you're having a lovely day and
just remembered that it's not about the
gifts it's not about the presents it's
all just about saying thank you having
some chilled time having some lovely
time taking some time for yourself and
just relax and eating some good food and
just chilling out just a heads up I
don't know how much I'm gonna be
vlogging over the next week or so up
into the new year because we're going
away and the family are sick so going
away and the doggies for a little bit
I'm not sure if I'm gonna vlog that trip
or not whoever I'm gonna just chill out
and just take it with the family I'm
also not gonna vlog Christmas day
tomorrow because I just want to not
worry about filming and edit
you never know that I'm just gonna
really really chill up with the family
so vlogs will be back fully and just not
sure what my plan is for when I'm next
gonna upload he will ever be the day off
the boxing day or it could be super
early January
I don't really know I'll tell you on
Twitter and Instagram and everything
like that snapchat so make sure you're
following me over there and yeah I'm
gonna stop rambling I need to wrap this
present and go to bed it's like 20
minutes past 2:00 good night guys see
you soon
