say good morning say good morning guys
she's way too sleepy good morning guys
how you doing it's the day after Boxing
Day
that's just like a normal day now
there's no excuses to be lazy to be
tired to eat lots to do nothing I did
think it was really bright last night we
slept with the blinds open it looks like
such a lovely day outside like the sky
is completely blue from where I am I
can't even see one cloud I don't think
there is even one cloud also a sound
like I'm still asleep my voice my
morning voice is so croaky another day
to choose clothes from the pile of new
clothes that I got for Christmas what
color do I go for Zoey
Liz run my laugh in there you got me
hoodie I come with a hoodie though is up
sex I haven't worn anything she's got me
yet for Christmas so he got me a jumper
and a hoodie for Christmas mum this toy
is discussed in bars who's this coming
at you yeah what do you guys got
what have you got you got a little elf
fuzzy who's this this chip we still
haven't opened the dog's main present
from Zoey and I he noses for him look at
both of them ah you're this time to cut
the cake yeah get that one this is quite
sure is that pretty sure very sure
maybe you might need to go for like
little saw action oh no sorry
got at that let that got it whoa
what oh my god it looks really good
we're just tidying up all of our stuff
and getting ready to leave today this is
our bed it's gone up into it isn't that
really cool you ever invented sofa beds
it's clever amazing job also by somebody
this be because I got my braces in guys
Christmas is coming down it's all ending
all the decorations are coming off and
it's over about that all gone is so sad
what you doing Zoey just doing a little
tree what's your tree hack look on here
because dad's music is so loud so in
case you're wondering what they do it oh
then you put your life what they're
doing guys why is this so zoomed in the
tip that Zoe wants to give you guys that
says watching is that you're using a
magazine you stop undoing the lights on
your tree wrap it around a piece of
carpet or a magazine because that is
easy next year to unravel them but also
it's easiest hit like something's you
can let you just do this step then I
pass it Sean Oh Harry's on wrapping it
wow you guys are rolling there then you
don't get in a tangle where you're
trying to it lights up and you don't get
eternal next year when you want to put
the lights on high five that was great
idea I have five is my Christmas tree
giving in on my lap ah good girl
it's time to empty everything out take
everything back put everything back in
our house
right that is everything fully done out
of the car
Wow all of our belongings are back in
our house we have got a lot of unpacking
to do Zoey
have you seen on the next up I kind of
want to put everything where we want it
yeah sort out let's do it tonight when
we get back we're about to head off to
go to town
number one because sales are on Jan you
say all started yesterday number two
because it's a blooming lovely day and
we want to get out and about and number
three because then I don't I don't have
a number three don't I said three I'm so
ready let's roll gun shopping I'm so
excited
don't laugh when I say this guys just
got town the girls are on straight and
boots going again and your toothbrush
your makeup and stuff I know this is not
ridiculous
I've got sushi sushi sushi is the one
guys don't laugh at me I just love sushi
so much shopping is successful so far
everybody got my NC okay that's why it's
like she was Gary my food I got I'm
carrying Zoe's new toothbrush that she's
just bought bought myself a new jacket
size as the biggest sale on in the world
which is very very good asset for me buy
things we don't need what the heck is
this imagine if all my hair just not
falling off measure your hair fall out
it does I don't know what it does
we're going away for a week like we did
last year and the year before over New
Year's we we go away with the family we
rent like a cottage a house in the
middle of nowhere and we just all relax
have like a week of just chilled time so
Shaun came up with the idea of whilst
we're away to get some bowling outros
because the house there's a lot of
laughs best idea I've ever had it's a
great idea I don't know how we're gonna
persuade my mom papi and Zoey that is a
good idea let's just not tell them about
it's the best way let's just not tell
them until they see them in the car and
look at the blooming size of them but we
need one of those we need a target yeah
but that's also got to fit in the car
son alone sure and what have we done
look at Shawn's got yours got massive
target I got a blooming bow and arrow
here sling and we got a slingshot
there's gonna be some good vlogs who do
you think whoa we should make up some
game
I bet dad's going to be really good I
bet you it's going to be so good Zoey do
you think you're gonna be good at bow
and arrow
we like foreign people
yes we've just jumped in the car how
happy you've got bought an arrow I mean
I'm more happy you have my new
toothbrush to realize oh yes I bought
herself a new toothbrush and about to
hit home that's very true though I've
got a new toothbrush yeah I was so cold
that's what they're hanging on yeah
we're about to head home now because we
need to unpack all of that stuff that we
put in the hallway earlier on look how
much bigger I look than you right now
you're leaning forward whoo Ishay oh
you've been so sleepy have you been so
sleepy she's gonna miss not seeing the
users edge every time we come home no
matter how long we've been out it's
literally what what this little one oh
my toy and this one oh please put those
in the toy bar scare these are like my
childhood toys these are even in my
newest book no it's not creepy it's
called floppy it's not creepy these are
like my childhood baby is no one could
be taking these two away from me I
didn't this one look this one's even got
his ear pierced I pitched this was in
like we were really room when I was
younger don't know why however it
doesn't matter how long we've been out
of the house war every time we arrive
home it's literally like we haven't seen
gnarly like a week she's so excited
we've just got off the phone to Jay
who's going to come over because he's
been spending Christmas with his mum and
his brother in Brighton he's going to be
popping over now and Zoe and Jay since
it's Tuesday I get a two for Tuesday
from Domino's worth the president
my face align that yeah sorry bought you
this is not from me this is from Zoe a
jokey Christmas present those aligning
oh is this for your new toothbrushes no
though he's got a new toothbrush that
connects with your phone and tells you
if you brush too hard where you don't
brush hard enough in your mouth and
stuff what how mad is that yeah that's
crazy
gonna be some trouble you think you need
some help I need some help yeah what
insults and comebacks why do I need some
help with those yours oh crap you guys
the worst how good is that but no
honoree you're actually gonna use that
that sort of learning oh I am I'm gonna
go tonight we're gonna get your pokin
tonight and it's just gonna come out
some weird insult I might eat something
great I don't know you're talking I want
to see what kind of ones there are into
it oh they're quite cool I can't see
anything
no that's it it makes you feel drunk oh
they look cool there they're too small
for you which mean if use it to the side
if I wanted to hear from an asshole I'd
fall ha ha ha that's a good one that's a
really good one that's a good one
I can't believe you've done this to me
to bring upstairs oh I'm bringing her up
- yay here she is
I'm going out now that's was your doggy
oh did I make the neck Nick oh that
smell good yeah
I got the new off chip you want me on no
that's not yeah yeah you think
Oh gnarley' smells like food or just
lick the mouth Oh ah she's so tired look
at her
oops all right I'm off out now give me a
backwards cuddle like this your ovaries
give me kiss goodbye aw crap so I
dropped the camper separate guys I won't
be too late I promise you our wine well
in that sweater
that's disgusting creepy I'll hit you go
away your grace ten do that already put
my shoes on oh look at this cool angle
look out oh I'm just about to head
out tonight with che our prom mrs. Ari
I'm not going to back too late because
we've got a ton of stuff to be doing
tomorrow but I'm heading out to go and
play poker with a load of my friends at
one of my friends houses which is going
to be super super good you guys know
that I love playing poker you guys know
that che is rubbish at playing poker
so I'm just going to win all of his
money that's what's happening that's
what's happening tonight
come on Brian let's go play poker
I'm so good I'm so good but I'm just
getting only glass water and then we're
leaving promise I'll take off the drink
okay
yes you did every job diamond you've
every job but what do I need any car
keys to check this Alfie I'll do if your
dogs as well knows shut up no way no way
yeah alright so we've been playing
poking out for a couple of hours I've
been absolutely caning everyone else
Stuart's down about seven pounds down to
meet now sound like a couple of quid
chase down like I am down like five
pounds to chase down like five pounds to
me you know how it is whenever I play
with these guys are always win
Stewart mate you're next looking a bit
skinny there we go guys design six star
pro do you not want to look like that do
it see in the baked section he hasn't
had sugar in about two months he's
running he's so excited she just got
rejected chages got the machine went off
that you needed assistance because he
tried to buy Beecham's which is like
cold and flu like tablets he's genuinely
ill so stupid and the the thing went off
so he had to get somebody to like verify
it and he forgot his ID it forgot his ID
so they wouldn't sell it to him Stu and
I Beaufort here with our ID in there
like nope he's not allowed cuz he
doesn't have his ID tablet she wants you
to get ill that woman was like the most
unhelpful pursuers ever me unhelpful you
get known and so you medicine she I bet
I shove it was outright that woman he's
got no Beecham super how annoyed get
that good shuffle on joke yeah this
lighting is literally the worst lighting
i've i've like ever filmed revive
corning I'm a little light shot I've got
the car off my car's turned off and I
just thought that I would end the vlog
here tonight I just thought I'd ever
chat with you guys because I feel like
we we haven't proper had a chat today
and the day's almost over like what is
what is even the time it
late I said - sorry I won't be about to
late tonight it's 125 in the morning I
just ran playing poker with loads of my
old school and college friends we each
put in 30 pounds to play with last time
I ended up winning 50 pounds today I've
come back with exactly 30 pounds so I
didn't lose any money but it also didn't
win any money some of the things that
were said tonight was such old jokes
that we used to say we used to joke
about we used to laugh at back when we
were like in your 89 year 10 year 11
splut man is so good catching up with
school and college friends and is so
crazy but when you're younger you know
that your friendships they're not going
to drift apart like we're still all
really really good friends but you just
see them left less off but it means that
when you do see your friends obviously
it's more valuable time because it
doesn't happen all the time
Salop my friend Ned who was there
tonight he ran he lives in London and
he's an actor and he's a single ladies
and musicals and staff and he's actually
touring all around the country either
this year or next year Laurence has just
just moved abroad to the Netherlands I
believe if that's wrong he's gonna kill
me
I'm sorry I'm pretty sure is he's just
moved abroad che obviously lives in
London Stuart my friend he was there
tonight lives in Brighton but he'd like
has a full-time job and smashing the gym
all day every single day like we don't
really get to see each other that often
but when we do it is amazing and I
remember when I was younger like
schoolteachers college teachers friends
family all told me that you're gonna go
you're like you're gonna see your
friends less and less often but it's
going to be more valuable time when you
do see them and I remember thinking like
of course not I'm always going to see my
friends all the time they're always
going to live round the corner from me
and then university happens and everyone
just like split all over the country all
over the world people go traveling
people end up staying out there
traveling I've had friends who like went
travelling two years ago and we're meant
to go for a couple of months and they're
still out there traveling now that
doesn't mean that they're still not
great friends like you form bonds and
connection and friendships so strong
when you're younger and over over the so
many years that you're in school and
stuff but it's weird that you just don't
get to see them as often but when you do
it's nice because it still feels like
you only saw them yesterday kind of
thing which i think is really released
sure and something that should should
not go unnoticed like we should
definitely all take that board how lucky
we are with the friendships that we do
have because often it's hard to often we
see like just things in life like such
idyllic looking things in life but you
have to always remember like even when
you see magazines and newspapers
articles Instagram pictures these are
all like often only showing the best of
the best of the best stuff and everyone
everyone out there even like Justin
Bieber the Kardashians whoever it is
they will go through the same things
that you go through they all still have
their old like school friends and family
and everything anyways guys I just
wanted to say that it is weird because
we do see each other less often and we
do all we've all like gone and done our
own paths but we but we still hang out
and we still get on so well which is
nice but but I think I'm going to end
the vlog here so I hope you've enjoyed
it if you have as usual give it a big ol
thumbs up tomorrow the day you're
watching this we're going away we're
going away we're going to holiday for a
week I'm so limit excited the vlogs are
going to be nuts like they're going to
be so so good where we go in I kind of
want to until I want to tell you what
the sod mmm subscribe if you're not
already of course we're kind of close to
4 million subscribers on this channel
now my other youtube channel has like
five and a half million but I want to
see if we can get this one to get even
more so subscribe if you're not already
and I'll see you tomorrow also the
reason why mending the gob you're
thinking this is weird is because Zoe
Anala both asleep and I promised Zoe
that I wouldn't be back late tonight and
if I were to get back late I promised
her that I that I kind of wouldn't wake
her up so I don't want to go in there
and start like so I don't want to go
inside and start vlogging and wake her
up so just ending the vlog in the car I
see two more guys goodnight
