good morning guys good morning and
welcome to Boxing Day how you doing how
was your Christmas I hope if you do
celebrate Christmas you had a lovely
lovely time spending it with family
loved ones friends whoever you spend it
with I hope you enjoyed it and I hope
you enjoyed giving presents receiving
presents the whole thing it's not just
about the gifts it's about the whole
time including today which is Boxing Day
for me I'm yet to get dressed because
actually I received loads of new clothes
yesterday for Christmas and the whole
downstairs under the tree so I am also I
took yesterday off a blog and I'm sure
you guys understand dad wanted to cheer
and spend it with my family but don't
worry we're back on the dating blocks
are you ready to see the difference
because you saw with the presents on
Christmas Eve when they're yet to be
opened and now this is oh we got a
little sleepy dog down here hey be some
bay then and then look at all of this
now all the presents are opened absolute
madness so I need to pick something to
wear he's only closed that I got given
for Christmas so blooming lucky oh
that's so soft this is like velvet
you guys have joined the others and have
breakfast this looks incredible I'll be
what six times five or six times five is
go quickly given us the easiest one
eight times seven go monitor give you a
hit are you just watching us waiting for
us to come and cuddle you oh yes so
tired I think they're both asleep
fairway oh hi guys its Boxing Day look
how long my neck feels
oh no no so God why does it go need
buy-in good I leave my edge
please guys oh look at the angle of me
now
in it she could never worse angle of me
if you tried right why are we doing this
I don't know what to wear papi no one
cares honesty you everyday wanna go for
a walk
clashes wearing plenty guys we're going
for a walk a Michael a walk with the
doggies and my next grown in the night
maybe some point I'm going back I feel
really dizzy why not
why is your neck so long I could play it
like a guitar um papi and Sean uh is
gonna play by air be nice like ah ah now
puppy gone got what you're trying to do
x papi you sad that christmas is ended
it's not no it's still the festive
season deal Boxing Day up yo captain
days like patience please Christmas Day
and Boxing Day all blends into one why
is my neck so long I don't like I don't
you come it's because you've got um more
like my house fallen off no it's just
the festive season that is the rankest
dog toy I've ever seen look at Buzz's
dog toy that has been like sucked and
chewed ten minutes until we're going out
for a walk or though Zoe and papi and
mum have already told the dogs that were
going out for a walk so they're all
going crazy both of them are running on
the house hey my little doggy what have
you got on we've got to the countryside
on a family walk and wearing a new
hoodie that Zoe got me for Christmas the
dogs love in their lives that's fallen
over these rip toys are some random dog
you know trust me I know you did oh it
is new doggy Hey oh no Poppy's new bone
so far on this box and they walk both
dogs have done poos and dad's fall and
dad's fallen over his jeans are they
both walking nicely
hahahaha she's at the back by herself
leave'em um discovery um walk in Oh just
arrived back from the walk poppin shore
and have bought so much cheese no I
can't even describe this are you gonna
open these as well okay look at that but
how we saw how we met consume this
amount of cheese lover do you realize
how much cheese that is you can see now
consume not conceive what is that that's
my jelly
once I guys this camera that I've been
using for the last couple of months you
know I go through cameras with the time
it is absolutely busted broken you can't
see that but the screen is like so I've
got a brand new one here we're about to
switch over so to switch over to this
new one it's exactly the same camera but
this one is just like if you could see
behind the screen behind this bit busted
this is brand new
are you ready let's do this oh good guys
we've got a new camera this is looking
good such as feeling good and chuck this
one as you know I'm not going to chop
this in the bin because I mean it is
broken bottle I'll keep it in case a
friend needs a camera or something right
dad and I are about to head out because
parody we need to go get some chutneys
are we heading out apparently we're not
heading out we're about to head out to
go get some chutneys for the cheese's so
of course yesterday we had all the big
Christmas dinner the turkey everything
like that today today we've switched
things up a little bit and what we did
we're making pizzas tonight we're all
going to making pizzas and to go with
the pizzas we are having a cheese board
who just put their little grub on the
floor this was one of the little
presents as I bought me for Christmas
that goes along the floor by itself ha
buzz what is it what is it buzz buzz
what's this what's this I've been
upstairs sitting on my laptop by myself
with a massive jar of chocolate that my
mom's friend Kate got papi night for
Christmas Kate so far papi has had about
two chocolates and I've eaten all of the
rest I need to stop there too delicious
and they're helping me edit so much but
the Edit is about a quarter way through
and I've been editing and editing
Internet and the time and the time is
quarter past four which means the vlog
should be up in 45 minutes but it's not
going to be because everyone else is
about to eat food and and I don't want
to miss our food look at the table
cheese really yeah when are we doing
pizzas cuz I don't think we're gonna
need pizzas that I the aim the idea was
to have this for like a lunch and then
we can make pizzas tonight for dinner
yeah but I you don't know how we're
going to be able to eat pizzas because
it's currently hot bus for I'm about to
eat this dad are we still going to do
pizzas we are obvious like this Papi's
got a hot water bottle strapped around
her stomach if you're wondering what
what the hell she's wearing right this
is 75% fat its truffle cheese so you
guys when I was with my personal trainer
we worked out that I need to lower my
body fat percentage by seven percent and
now I'm eating cheese is 75 percent fat
but it all that hi how is your knee dad
thank you for I had to change his
trousers cuz he ripped them and the
jeans he was wearing he just ripped when
he fell over were brand new Levi's they
just got recently I bought this in bath
market this I don't have you got to
remember I want to try in a vlog but I
completely forgot to is wine that is
chocolate flavored here we go let's get
some little shot glasses out
me he wants to try one of these there's
a big old boy do we sit mom's like that
so dies oh he's like dying they read
that after me right okay good that's
lovely thank you I think that's really
good oh my gosh look how much food I've
got guys we've been looking for Nala
don't know where she is at all are you
under there what are you doing come on
was she doing under there like a night
Vale
come on oh she starts no she's not who
are you doing under there little army
cruel laugh all you like didn't poppies
been out to basically a really really
posh tea shop in Brighton and wore like
a million different cheeses and now
we're always sitting down trying each
cheese at the same time how do I know
which one the cheddar is oh yeah I like
that one I've already eaten half that
one this one has been in a wax ball for
12 years trying to Brie next oh sorry
smell that plate 1s yeh just smell the
plate in general mum smell of play we're
about to try this one here it's 75% fat
and has truffle in the middle I love
truffle I'm the truffle man but everyone
likes it strong mm-hmm
been upstairs for the last like 45
minutes getting that rock up it's just
uploading now but the Wi-Fi isn't very
good up here so I'm gonna head down
right the video it's got four minutes
left drop load I've lit you've been
uploading it right over to our
mom how is that no how is that shut your
mouth
what how long have you just spent making
that eggnog dragon lady eggs to follow
Poppy's instruction basically does just
been making eggnog for everyone for is
alcoholic dad Zoey loves alcohol yours
non-alcoholic fat like that bear
playmate this is very light
oh that's nice I like that oh me too I
hear let's bro oh yeah
Anke FRA oh this tastes like a custard
tart
you know nice that's like custard tart
to get them tested I like mine actually
that's all really mmm nice
it's nice yeah it just tastes like Joey
Malone now you know you know is I put
some Jojen and I'm like breathe in in
the room that's like my sister maybe
none of us could actually eat them they
just this is my little doggy you need to
get one blog is finally up it was only
four hours late and now we're laying
down to watch a film is this called bad
my hands mine bad mom true Mila Kunis
everyone else has gone to bed set from
Sean and I don't even know at the time
is man
terminus bus 12 it's not even that late
ten minutes past 12:00
we've just finished watching war dogs
second film tonight I'm surprised I'm
awake because last night fell asleep but
like 7:30 p.m. or something actually I
lie it's not just me and Sean Nyla's up
here as well that was good man
I enjoyed that film both films tonight
were much better than what I thought
they were gonna be yeah oh he goes by
bad if you guys haven't seen bad mums go
check it out I can't see more dogs go
check it out both good films feel like
I'm ready vlog much today this was like
Monday back after after having yesterday
off Christmas day off but you know
Boxing Day is like just chilling hanging
out with a family each of those a good
food got some super exciting
so in blogs planned and things that were
doing all of this week next row I don't
even know what day the week is I
honestly don't know I'm gonna try and
guess let me actually time like this out
where's my phone honestly no idea I'm
going to say a Tuesday it's Tuesday
no it's not yeah it's Tuesday did you
know it's Tuesday no I have no idea
that's so weird
but yeah we've got a lot a lot of fun
stuff planned coming up at the end of
this week so get ready for that and I
feel like I'm just gonna end my vlog
down here because if I go upstairs and
end upstairs I'm just going to wake up
so if you've enjoyed what you've seen
today give it a thumbs up subscribe for
some more some more subscribe for some
future really good data books guys the
folks are going to be getting good on
what Sean subscribe if you want to see
more content like that oh my gosh guys I
promise the blocks are gonna get good
2017 I'm feeling like 2017 is our year
like oh my gosh I'm gonna be hitting the
gym every single day in 2017 I'm gonna
be eating a healthy I'm going to be
living life to the full we're going to
be having more fun we're going to be
going away more we're going to be
spending more time with the family we're
gonna be doing more crazy things for the
vlogs were going to do more more era
thing more
everything everything everything 2017 is
the year I can tell an obese beauty and
know it is for you to like if there's
something I just watched a Instagram
story from Kevin Hart and he was out
jogging and in the interim so he said
why wait until next year to start doing
what you want to do like if you've got a
goal for next year like a New Year's
resolution start today starting early
getting going right now and that is why
I believe it more than anything if you
want something go and blow me get it so
I'm going to end the vlog here guys
don't chase your dreams made them
reality and I catch in the morning good
night guys
