oh look at that oh that's a key get
doggies
I think Christmas shopping so much
recently
that I kind of couldn't help but buy
myself the new pair of Yeezys skirt
mining guys how you doing what have you
been up to why maybe same what have you
been up to I know you've been up to
because you're watching this on
Christmas Day and exactly what you've
been up to because it is Christmas time
you've been hanging out your family your
friends your loved ones celebrating
Christmas or not celebrating Christmas
let's go get some breakfast I'm bloomin
hungry Oh these new shoes they're bouncy
right what have we got for breakfast up
in here probably nothing like usual
because we just got back from the trip
which means that we're not gonna have
any food in the fridge damn it anything
in these cupboards damn it damn it damn
it and we got any milk which I have zero
is this milking day 29th of December
we've got milk now we need is but for
cereal look like this is I didn't even
know this was a thing I don't know where
it appeared or how we got it I did not
buy this wait a bit protein like
Weetabix
but with protein that sounds good it's
time to sit down and edit the vlogs and
today let me tell you what the plan is
for today I'm going to edit my blog
upload it scheduled and ready to go
tonight
Zoe and I are then going to wrap a ton
of presence while strapped in I'm gonna
try and do a YouTube live show we got a
busy day then we're going to pack up and
get ready to go to my parents because
we're going over to my parents for
Christmas don't worry
as usual the guinea pigs won't be left
by themselves we have friends who stay
at the house whenever we're out the
house so some friends are actually
celebrating Christmas in our house
whilst we're at my parents house is that
weird
anyways that is what's happening then
we're going over to my parents house
we're going to be celebrating Christmas
Eve there I think we're gonna go to a
local like carol service at a church
that I knew I'm not religious but I go
there every single year and we sing
carols it's super nice and festive I'm
getting out of breath and then tonight I
think I'm going to go to the pub with my
friends and celebrate for when the clock
closed no Christmas at midnight and then
we're gonna go we have a drink of cheese
and then drink and then
you go home get sleep and then wake up
in a business today it's gonna be fun
today is gonna be a good day what ha ha
ha ha it just jumped so I did you did
you wet yourself
got my new shoes yeah I really like them
why are you in my office you know I
wasn't in that I was coming out here go
and get an SD card reader and you have
we come and I heard you come into
running here which I do actually got in
here cuz I need to get an SD card reader
so please you stole my SD card reader
now this you can have it in like Timmy
we've been sorting out presents all
morning now the vlog is up and scheduled
and done well we've got three hours
until we need to be at the Christmas
service at the church
we have wrapped zero presence we've got
literally like hundreds of presents all
over the run we don't have enough gift
tags I'm serious wait that's fine we can
just wing it we're going to go with it
the only issue we've got so far
number one is that we're running quite
late number two is that we've lost one
of mom's presents and we don't have a
clue oh it is it was literally by the
front door for like we've bought in
Edinburgh did we buy it in Edinburgh
bought it in bar that's really bought a
bullion bar and it's been here by the
front door ever since and now all of a
sudden it's gone and we have no idea
where it is and we can't find it
anywhere
and so sorry mum you might get one less
Christmas present maybe look around and
present in January anyways we need to
wrap we've got so much wrapping to do
look how much wrapping people we've got
all of this are you ready
scissors seller tapes what you looking
for
so just looking for more gift tags right
I'm going to start ok who should we
start with first
um let's just do one person at a time
what we got
yes these are the best thing to have if
you need to do wrapping guys these make
it so much quicker you basically like
put them on your fingers so that you can
hold it down and rip it it's kind of
hard to explain but these are amazing
my back is like all broken from sitting
up basically we've got a prop a good
system going on I'm doing all the actual
wrapping wrapping and Zoe is doing all
the like making pretty making it look
good this is where the presents we've
done so far look how amazing they look
they do the great he excited you happy
we just poke yeah we just spread to
poppy on the phone FaceTime to who is
more she's already at mom and dad's from
Sean and they are what are you doing he
got massage and they are so excited like
the presents under the trees am i under
the trees under the tree a mum and dad's
we didn't know yeah we've done all of
the humans all of the peoples a set from
each other's I haven't done Zoe's yet
and she hasn't done mine yet put her mum
dad poppy and Sean oh my gosh my back
just got the dogs left to wrap and I
didn't the howl we've actually ended up
getting the dogs loads of presents all
of the wrapping is done a set from my
Nan's Arya's cuz obviously we can't wrap
each other's presence in front of each
other says oh he's packing them all up
and then mummys gonna give you a bath
you can have a bath you're stinky you
need to smell good for Christmas
oh my gosh I don't even know when I last
blogged that so much has happened and
we've arrived at mom and dad's oh we
need to unpack
feel about Santa delivering all the
presents guys this is gonna take us like
hours at the room where we're staying
over Christmas has been fully kitted out
and decorated guys look at this
look at the mirror this is actually a
mirror that my dad got made for my mum
once-ler happy birthday Amanda July oh
nine and it's got three pictures in it
three of these this one here and the
other ones I don't know three of them
maybe that I don't I don't know three of
the pictures are actually my mum when
she was younger which is really really
cooked or the bed's been made and put
out what do I spot over there 2016 point
blog calendar let's go downstairs I need
to get a drink I'm so hot from carrying
everything in and they got new carpet
look at mom dad's new carpet they got a
runner that you've always wanted a
runner
you've always been obsessed with runners
before years old not tightly around the
wrong
54:13 case and he's 54 years old you can
finally get a runner and I may use this
I was no allah-allah Missy no Jamie
sorry no I literally said poppy is so
bad at shaking all the presents and
trying to work out if they are we're
filling up everybody stockings except
from we've forgot to kind of bring over
my stocking so we might have to pop home
ago and grab that one
but these are just our stockings so
basically everybody bought everybody
else was level two everybody bought
everybody else like two tiny little
presents oh my gosh and then look at all
of these presents under the tree as well
guys that is ridiculous
busca marcelo to the vlog may come up
here up here come and say no come and
say alone
you haven't said hello yet hey how you
doing we going out now we going out
Missy yeah YouTube's gonna stay in
cuddle each other you were racing off to
the church I think we're running quite
late actually it starts in 22 minutes
which normally would be fine if a
million people didn't want to go to this
church service at 1:00 so let's get so
busy yeah I thought if we're going to
get a seat we've also all got Christmas
hats on and mom and dad are in their car
coming yet turn left here somehow and I
don't know how we managed to find a
parking spot on the road that the actual
service is on your ball is tiny I know
this is what I was thinking yeah I think
I got done over look at the size of this
that's so unfair you should get one of
your snow your guys hat thank you so
much Oh guys we managed to get a seat
fairly near the front don't know how
about to light a little candle
thank you thanks so much let's just say
everyone is now feeling very very
festive
but cooks left the church I didn't film
too much because it's a church I didn't
want to be filming everyone else we had
a very good time very festive time it's
kind of just hitting us that it's actual
Christmas tomorrow but tomorrow tomorrow
that's crazy
where's the doggies hello hello oh it
looks like they've been separate they
have been together guys look at all the
presents look at all of this it's just
obscene as net there is too many
presents this is going to take so long
to open them all tomorrow
popping Shan I've gone out to the pub to
go meet their friends and celebrate the
Christmas Nestle saying so it's just
upload an inch come both of us buzzy boy
what you barking at snarl another it's
only time to eat my favourite meal all
Christmas I prefer this my favorite
thing about Christmas is like a season
as a time is giving present not
receiving not receiving is definitely
giving presents
my second favorite thing is this pie
here i J me Oliver's are you cook you're
vegetarian is that's not all yours
though jamie oliver's what is this
called mum is turkey turkey and leek pie
Jamie for watching this is my second
favorite thing about Christmas my first
favorite my first favorite is giving
presents oh my gosh what nuts are in him
um I was trying to tell someone the
other day chestnuts I couldn't remember
it's in the pastries yeah I watched him
make it the other day
it's a Disney one Disney mom that looks
so good
yes mom yes mom yeah mommy freaking did
it mom give me five
savage I've got high five of mum pop how
jealous this is the key to a good gin
and tonic this is meant to be the best
tonic water this is from Zoe's mom Tracy
and she bought me this is Ralph
Christmas all right let's put good
Mountain wash some of that in there
those mom also got me this they're
pairing up put a couple of these in
their movies yeah honey that's the key
yeah we have to man I feel a Shawn just
said the djinn game is getting very
serious that eat berries makes you do
that sound every time you have a sip I
can't help it let's climb out we've got
nothing it's a present for you try it
poppy the pepper and the loot our city
play oh I told you crazy buzzes open in
this present this is the first present
of Christmas guys what are you got buzzy
boy okay you get it good boy
oh look at them
Anala look a buzzy boy oh look at them
oh that's a key good doggies I'm now
getting into pyjamas if you've been
watching these vlogs for a while you
will know that myself and all of my
family every year the boys get matching
pajamas the girls get matching pajamas
so this is the outfit that I chose to
absolve you for the boys this year
Christmas Eve pajamas and then these are
the bottoms that super super festive so
this is the boys outfit as always
preparing all of the girls outfits at
the moment the girls have got slippers
and dressing gowns as well cuz we get
cold you know at the moment there's six
of us downstairs and two dogs and the
fire on a million presence in the room
it's like a sauna out down there I can
tell I'm going to get back from the pub
tonight you're going to be asleep in
that dressing-gown in bed yeah waiting
for Santa to come
what time do you think he comes I think
he comes like I think quite early in the
morning it was midnight when I was young
no I think it's like 4:00 in the morning
I think he comes I think it's more just
he knows when you're asleep
he knows when you are sleeping he knows
when you're awake but I genuinely think
he actually does all right you ready we
need to get everyone to close device
sophisticated everyone in the lounge and
keep your eyes closed just pick it all
up keep them closed we're gonna put your
pajamas in your hands oh no yeah Missy
pajamas hey dougie
hey you got yours on have you already
got yours on bad one of the page shows
oh we having a cuddle
oh she's so soft oh yeah she's so soft
because of her bath earlier you'll clean
so we've all got our stockings in front
of us
I've got it I've gone odd Elvis stocking
sandal Alex recently left my my stocking
at home
everyone else has got their match in
stockings with their names on them
and tonight we're gonna pick I don't
tonight we're gonna pick one present
each from the stocking let's open them
now Sean's opening fast deliver from you
on night the modern gourmet sees oh hey
my perfect cook it love baking once I am
I got a man razor in lavender curry or
green herb hurry oh oh
was this with Phil tongue oh you care
for making
thank you some one drink anime I see it
there we go boys that yeah oh you have
we should do this watch for away is
falafel seasoning
what of vegetarians present dangerous
Johnson chocolate did you want some so
we've just been downstairs watching
Sherlock which you know that zoeng I
love we start watching it recently and
we've watched all of season one most of
season to move into season two basically
and we absolutely love it so we're
making everyone else downstairs watch it
currently as you just saw poppy is
asleep everyone else is watching it the
dogs are asleep now oh yeah she was
eaten apple crumble she woke up I put
chocolate in her mouth she was like I
don't want that on apple crumble and
then what God went to the kitchen got
anyways and if you're wondering why I'm
back dressed normally again it's because
as I said earlier I'm off to the pub
with my friends now every single year we
go to the same pub and we have a drink
for like an hour or so and then as soon
as it hits midnight Christmas Day and
everyone like the Christmas songs will
get really loud in the pub and
everyone's like I don't need Fame fester
yeah I'm gonna take my camera
you know many last year did oh no I
didn't film any of it I don't think so
surely I did think you did it depends
which friends on width because I don't
know what friends would like to own you
but there's tons we I think there's
gonna like 30 of us there tonight but
that's why the normal clubs I was gonna
wear my pajamas but I text my friend
Holly who is there and she said after
you cannot wear them I was like please
and she was like no so I've got changed
but a Zoe's gonna edit her loss blocking
this video that last one and go to bed
and I'm heading back out but when I come
back I'm gonna put back on my pajamas
tomorrow's Christmas the big day big day
I go away
look ahead
going JC off on a legend would see off
come on change you got this it's
Christmas Day guys I'm just going though
he's fast asleep no less asleep on my
pillow
if you log subscribe if you haven't
already
Merry Christmas because for you watching
this squits mistake I'll catch you
tomorrow
