good morning bro good morning guys are
you doing
it is currently what's the date the 23rd
of December it's Christmas Eve in
Christmas Eve Eve I was that already a
thing god 9 fast asleep next to me here
we got Zoey who's all dressed and fresh
I still haven't even like washed my face
yet today dumb a teeth but I wash my
face so it's all amazing real Christmasy
show but we think that mr. Joe sugg is
still asleep and it's 11:30 9 it's
nearly lunchtime if you watch
yesterday's vlog you would have known
that I bought this yesterday let's go
again
you are so sleepy it's nearly lunchtime
Missy and you're still asleep is the dog
good morning bro don't get up it's
Christmas babe oh sweet sweet yeah
delicious if you pillo
oh these aren't your new pillows are
they okay
wait so it is 12 o'clock oh we got him
good it still wasn't awake and even when
in his mouth as well the whole time that
I was still just been asleep on the bed
why are you so tired you need to sleep
in the car today we got a long journey
let's roll you over your sake you on
your back oh look at her Zoey you lazy
girl oh she's getting up what's she
doing oh and she's back down we're just
packing up all of the room getting ready
to leave to drive home for Christmas
we're driving home for Christmas
everybody
I cannot believe that it's Christmas
number II can't believe but actually
y'all honestly this is way like you're
watching this on Christmas Eve that
blows your mind they're watching this on
Christmas Eve no no what you sniffing
get your butt out here Shh get out of
here today oh yeah maybe you say end
there you start all your hair dryer and
everything in this bottom one when I
first met you I remember this is my
favorite cup guys every time I come over
to Daddy souks house you have to ask me
if I'm using this this is the only cup I
use okay you're serious face out
Oh oh my gosh you look like this girl
who used to be in my school I can't
remember her name what was her name
oh my gosh I didn't manage to film it in
this video for this camera but I was
just doing my face just trying to make
myself look presentable you know put it
on I wear BB cream sometimes Oh makes
your skin look all smooth like this
hopefully it looks smooth now that get
out of that corner what are you doing
over here and I was putting on my BB
cream in the mirror it's kind of like a
tinted moisturizer I think that's what
it technically is basically makes your
skin are really really good and Joe from
behind stole the silly string and just
sprayed me and got me back
where's that going in the boot put that
on in the boot Hoddy said no arms to
flog it drop the dog back just before we
leave you've got some cheese toasties
sausage or something do it
come on then see you later ma'am goodbye
group hug
oh it's definitely not a good time we
didn't I've just stuck a person on my
campus box and kicked me imagine no he
hasn't
Oh cities so we've got one job what you
have to pull the car up next to Joe's
car tell me to put the window down we're
gonna pretend to blog silly-string him
through the window one last time he was
parked where we found there next to him
let's like get out and shitty string em
no agar-agar thank y'all
guys he was too far away his car we
couldn't get our cars close to each
other so I just went for it
and the wind blew it back on her own
bloomin car serves me right
oh I love this stuff
if you lay down missing juliek sleep
look I joined if you can see you I spit
is still all there all on the side of
our car
we're finally home and now we need to do
is unpack all of the car
think of already done most of it it's
got to do all of the boot oh my gosh
there's so much something is incredibly
smelly the camembert all done I would
like to say where I'm back but we're not
I just put it all there it's all just
sitting there we leave that to another
time today we celebrate Christmas Eve
Eve the one thing I have unpacked is
knowledge pen I just put it all up back
up there just this she's got her she's
got a little bedroom to go to when she
wants to see she's just had just had her
dinner
or we just ordered Zoey well two guesses
begins with the W ends in a well how
wagamama
we're good hacker we actually ordered I
didn't Zoey did for both of us a
wagamama
we've got two wagamama arrive in
hopefully in the next like 10 minutes or
so which I am super excited about I'm so
hungry fear not we just haven't eaten
today yeah why you smiling away what's
that my massive order that I place of
all cult beauty I don't know what coal
beauty is but I just saw your tweet hey
shampoo what a shampoo can you get a
shampoo you can't let you get dog
shampoo you know it's got dog shampoo
why did you get pube shopping I mean you
probably can it you can get whatever
what's that stuff called femme fresh
that's not pube shampoo that's I know
that's not pure junk yeah just wash yeah
that's just to clean your vagina so if
you can get stuck in your vagina you
probably get stopped to clean your pubes
anyways why are we talking about this in
my blog this is weird
basically guys we're back home we had an
amazing time we're back home for
Christmas I'm opening up Santa's head
we'll just fold it apart I'm going to
eat some shortbread what are you hoping
the other one go I'll pop Santa's head
back on him and I'll get the snowman out
yeah
whoa I just pulled his brain out oh my
gosh I'm so excited to this no no sorry
look at no not in our dog go and get her
no don't know I'm lucky no look I know
that why is that puppy is stuck on your
tail
mommy's being horrible to you I knew you
would get it so I kind of forgot to film
any more of the day so let's recap what
we did Zoey and I went up to bed we
tried to watch a Muppets Christmas Carol
which is Oh II was sure that we had on
DVD I wasn't sure we did Zoey like
searched absolutely everywhere for it
couldn't find it so we ended up watching
elf Zoey fell asleep within two minutes
literally Zoey don't know where she is
but I honestly think there's over fell
asleep last night at like hot past eight
nine o'clock absolute latest and I also
fell asleep or like eight o'clock but
the difference is Zoey just slept
through into the morning but I woke up
at about half past eleven so I'd been
asleep for like three hours
it was like the ultimate nap I woke up
and I was wide awake but there was no it
was impossible I was listening to
podcast after podcast I even put on let
me try and find what I put on story nori
story for kids on podcast I was
listening to Katie and the Christmas
chimney like I was doing everything I
possibly could to get to sleep and I
couldn't fall asleep until 4:00 a.m.
yeah wasn't what it would definitely
wasn't a good idea to fall to sleep at
half past eight and then wake up and
yeah if like my schedules completely
screwed now I'm gonna be awake when
Santa comes which means he's not going
to deliver my presents tonight anyway
this vlog is over guys you sneaking into
the next
I'm filming this the next day you can
tack on film too much for you if you
enjoyed all of the c-string the pranks
on each other myself and Joe and Zoey
give the video a big old thumbs up if
you're feeling festive give the video a
thumbs up let's try and smash 50,000
thumbs up we're just going in is
Christmas time 50,000 if you're still
watching the video go down below smash
the thumbs up and subscribe if you're
not already this channel is nearly 4
million subscribers what the hell
4 million on this channel I'll see you
tomorrow guys
