how am I going to do anything without
moving all of them it's not gonna work
so gonna work okay three two one oh good
morning good morning give more no
sausage pour oh you should not the
treats on my hand
breakfast this run you've had yours
you've had your breakfast come on then
Zoey's just picked me up a very healthy
breakfast good morning guys good morning
are you doing where you going oh my gosh
we just finished filming a video for
Joe's main YouTube channel where's it
going up Christmas Eve Christmas Eve
it's going up on Christmas Eve yes this
is tomorrow
Oh what saving little presents yeah
don't I hate that
that's so scary my heart just drop yeah
because Christmas is gonna be over soon
I know Joe hey it's Joe this is the
offing my spot a video we're getting
older and older Christmas will come
running you have to time again anyway
that's my Thursday hey seriously with
the face like that yeah after we do this
video Joe goes right literally the
second cameras off please will you show
me how to get this off yeah Jay is
wash-off know these well but it's harder
to get than we think to get like a
bottle my New Year's resolution is to go
girlfriend as well this year
well there's doing
we've already had breakfast you got up
early I've actually been a whiteboard
edge to the vlog coming them up in the
bed
cam on cam on coming in come we'll get
the jump you can do it you can do it
three comment quick this will make a
jump to a treat
up on the bed yeah thus if she'll do
this down poor no poor poor no that's
your chin
give me a poor oh good girl
George when you anything back surprise
me
oh that's the worst buddy you just name
something that you actually really want
candles great candy floss grapes what
about you nada
so just jumped in the car and I'm
driving off to go and get myself some
lunch
Zoe is editing George off to go and see
his friends and their dad is out and
about and I'm hungry as heck like I need
to be eating a lot at the moment I'm
working out a lot so I need to take in a
lot of calories a lot of good calories
don't know why I feel so like energized
I've just arrived at Waitrose I know I'm
gonna get some good food in my belly
waitress is my favorite do you think
there's a sushi here like I honestly I
promise you I did not come to waitress
to get sushi but now I'm thinking about
it all I can think about is sushi I
can't I can't get sushi I'm sushi for
breakfast yesterday everyone is walking
around so festive wearing Christmas
jumpers even light-up jumpers there was
a man when I was driving here wearing a
Christmas jumper with all that fancy
lights in it and here's me just wearing
a normal purple hoodie Wow
even that woman but when I'm gonna spin
round you're gonna see a woman
behind me they're wearing a Christmas
job that a massive Santa on that mandrel
boring why didn't I bring the Christmas
jumper with me left them all at home my
favorite place you know you know you
know I'm trying to see if I can smell
sushi in here I don't think I can I
don't think this place is a sushi
Waitrose chicken tikka pieces and
chicken yeah I ended up buying a lot of
really good healthy food guys they had
no sushi as I walked in I prepared
myself and I was like can't smeller
didn't have a knife then we look on the
bright side of things and we realize
it's nearly Christmas and there's gonna
be loads of delicious food at Christmas
and I bought loads of let me show you
what I bought mixed berries berry mix
mix nut nut mix head amok aromatic
edamame beans salad some quinoa 2
packets of chicken some tuna and 3
protein bars that's my lunch festive I'm
feeling very very festive today that is
exactly what I'm feeling I kinda didn't
explain the other day when they survived
at my house when I put these on my
camera it doesn't make the audio any
better inside but what it does do is let
me put it on there as it stops the wind
so when I'm filming outside and it's
windy you can't hear it which is very
useless when you're sitting in a car
vlogging my little thing broke that
clips onto the window to give you guys a
good vlogging angle so whilst I'm
driving this is all you're gonna have to
have so Mauro because you're Mendez on
he can just write why my saying we why
am i saying there is no way me and my
food me and my lunch
we've just right back and and I hope you
enjoyed that very sexy nice under the
chin vlogging angle basically if you
couldn't understand what I was saying
this little thing normally suctions like
on to the window but I kind of a broke
the end off so my camera can't clip onto
it anymore
come on come on you're coming with me
come on you so cold it is today maybe ah
it's not my breath it's the blooming
pipe coming out the side of the house I
thought it was my breath yeah it's not
my breath it's not like old I brought a
load of water because I love to drink
water and I love big bottles of water
you didn't gather by my water cuz I like
water Allah hey need to get myself some
cutlery spoon and a fork will do close
your eyes it's kind of not what you
expected rustling you want some water
yeah you did that you did say what did I
forget to buy I just said so you didn't
actually want anything else did you you
just asked for water she did great
completely forgot I'm sorry do you his
room a little selection of lunch these
are my bits that I'm going to eat now
this it's kind of bit of a wild card I
love tuna I love sweet corn and I love
mayonnaise so I kind of just I know
there Weight Watchers but I just bought
these just to try out I'm gonna dump it
in there and we'll score fancy little
pulley lid this might smell tuna and
sweet corn of mayo look at it literally
smells smelly okay smells like cat food
but that's going to taste yes
can you smell that scooped it on top of
that got myself some tuna and beans
living that luxury life tinge Weight
Watchers tuna and sweet corn
see this is what happens okay when we
come to the countryside we can't order
food and up eating tin Weight Watchers
food out here walking my doggie oh she's
gone for a weed good girl
that's a very good girl I love how she
prefers to walk on the stones and she
does the grass where ever you want to go
we can go set from the road we don't go
near the road do we or it's time to go
get it up we're going out are we going
ice skating oh can we go ice skating if
it's open just before we go out sneaky
little a little handful of nuts before
we go nice little handful of berries
see you soon baby you have a nice little
sleep in there we just arrived a white
hole garden center the reason I'm here
is because I've been told that we can
ice skate I don't think I do - words to
ice skate the lights here look amazing
look at the trees
ah that's cool yeah hello mate
E hey we've come across a laser area
this is what we need Zoe I know this
look at that one does like snowflakes on
the house we've all white very true yeah
what's the one you picked up don't know
laser light shower there's a new kid on
the block he's taken over the DIY scene
and I'm not happy about it I don't know
who it is that somebody has made this
look at it it's blooming awesome this
garden centre has the most incredible
food section I've ever seen number one
they've got the food place that I love
look here all of this cook which is at
my favorite frozen food you guys know I
love the frozen fruit let's cook and now
they've got a whole section here
of just different frozen berries to make
smoothies
look at that ring oh my gosh it looks
incredible they have reindeer here but I
don't agree with animals being in like
places like this at all
please look what happy the trees just
looks so cool yeah I didn't ever think I
like colored light but I kind of like
the blue blue is quite cool because we
just bought them as a random selection
of stuff we bought a giant one kilogram
banana I'll show you later on game of
kerplunk to play tonight
amazing old-school game load of food
random stuff we didn't end up going ice
skating which I really wanted to do it
would have been a bit strange because
everyone on the ice was like 5 minute
late age between like 3 & 6 you ready to
go out on a walk are you ready to gonna
walk yeah look at your little coat
look at this sorry this is us next year
oh my god that is insane
there we go like they've been having
that tree oh yeah these are the ones we
like like this look at this series
currently training neither to wait at
all times at the edge of the pavement
and it's working really well
oh she's so good yeah so just go back
from the ball and a set from food
earlier on we also bought some other
goodies
first we bought Star Magic but then of
what this is going to be like a laser
light shower on the house outside we're
going to test it tonight second item we
bought a 1 kilogram banana ok casually
just a 1 kilogram banana a gummy one by
the way number 3
kerplunk one of the best games ever
number for some fun string I want to try
and get Joe whilst he's asleep or
something right Joe's back home ah
no you just love
here we go mate you cannot come Ralphie
oh good Oh got your sweet that smells
amazing doesn't it who is smell is
exactly like what you think it's gonna
smell like Oh Roper oh my god I get this
from God made it do i days aren't I
the garden centre that's Melissa giving
you me like everybody on it Kylie mommy
mother look lively
hey yeah the big is you possibly God
is that your workout no well oh he's
traveling for finish it in he yeah
Christmas all right he's playing oh no
sorry plane I've been summoned coming
down by the way do you know what the
forfeit is if you lose I'm not doing any
shots you know I'm not doing a shot you
have to eat the whole thing it's the
forfeit by tomorrow morning it has to be
gone wrong oh my god no it's nice
all right RPS decide yeah you ready you
ready yeah a lot free wanna get one go
to one two three then show ya ready one
two three show okay I got bitten by beat
you so it's who won I'd have to go again
with one two three show oh I'm gonna say
okay first kid I'll get first screen
wait so if you get marbles that's a bad
thing is never ya got what marbles my
sector is this sector here alright I've
um number two you know my left going
those videos will go a little bit sir
you'll go a little living great purchase
earlier so those already
gosh how long you going yeah you've
started it commit you go on if you touch
when you gonna pull out let's roll
so Jenga its chat more we doing a shot
more oh come on oh my god I'll moral
that was savage ready that's what I have
here you guys this locally map
Fat Boy on Yahoo Mauro Mauro nice more
it was just shot in this round of kids
named mouth oh nice
Oh
Bonzo dude are bad no God yeah it's a
putting your second here this one here
but why is there little one in there
just chilling it up well I have him all
be yours as well yeah yeah man don't
worry about that one okay
don't worry about that one we'll just
leave me there I got lucky
yeah okay Fatma near what I lost it off
I know you gonzo
Mauro those are proper looking down
trying to know you've got or you know
there's two more in there now there's
two more in there that's Trier's oh why
did I try to this shot bad news oh yes
Gorn Zoila whoever gets the golden one
Oh bad news new touchy-touchy
god the golden one Oh - you have to put
the gold one in your bum now you got you
will of but they go divide up your butt
look yeah my stuff oh and this one in
there and there's one in there bud I
can't go go long sorry you keep on
looking just let me play that crazy
funky or Bank bugger like 100 must
usually be sure coming up let me go sit
with snake how many of you got I've got
one so play with Tanya then I was
dominating no way pull this orange one
go enjoy pour the hot shot boom Shanker
come on Zoe loves cheated oh nice oh oh
okay
you've a absolute shock I don't worry
about those ones guys don't worry about
them three two one pot oh how many was
that
okay no no
no no Joe you got another too cheeky
ones in there I think one of those guys
are your turn
hi oh oh so you absolute legend one one
Alfie do dog let's clear out this
careless kernel yeah forget nobody can't
cuz of this like a bum bum hole go enjoy
your guy you've got my I got what I
think it was zero no shut up
I've got to I can't do anything now that
moving that look at that look at that
how am I gonna do anything without
moving all of them it's not gonna work
so I'm gonna work okay three two one
push I am a legend Lyle's great it was
our Kelly I'm that little bit of hope
God you got this you got this and that
star up yeah yeah sorry I'll go second
second-to-last oh my god understand 100%
wait guys Oh eat the banana
eat the banana the full fare you
carrying the little doggie up can hear
us nor in a way you tie it
mm-hmm I was gonna get Joe with this but
I think I'm gonna do is I'm gonna save
it tomorrow why I'm gonna in the video
now guys I'm gonna get into bed if
you've enjoyed it give it a big ol
thumbs up it is so nearly Christmas
gives me Christmas Day
subscribe if Li and already and I'll see
you in the morning good night guys
Jews
