wow so he's asleep sitting up got your
present close your eyes close that this
one's a good one oh the journey I can
smell the bread as I get that's my
birthday right pleasure I get something
else
Oh glitter eyes and forehead strips film
you know the other day I told you to buy
that stuff you know I told you to buy
that stuff the other day this is what I
thought it was this is like the best
thing if you have a headache literally
put some of this in your head now and
it's to wait Jasmine go into the little
the pharmacy yeah put that on your head
now it's unreal no just wait and you'll
fear that kick in it feels like someone
putting like cold pressure on your head
is so good when your headache and what
did that by myself
sushi course she did Oh sushi days is
back back from the gym just taking my
little elf up for a walk Kim
good morning guys good morning good
morning little bit of a late start to
the vlog today however a very productive
day so far number one I got my braces in
number two I film the beginning of
yesterday's daily vlog this morning and
it went so well if you haven't seen it
already there there's a little hint wait
so you haven't seen this yet have you
come and look at this number three I hit
the gym number three that is hard to say
my brother with my braces in number
three I hit the gym this morning very
very good chest workout
number four we just wrapped all the
zombies family's Christmas presents that
look amazing I have to admit I did do
the rap in Missouri but I didn't do any
of this fancy string stuff that's all
Zoey number five we packed and we're all
ready to go to spend Christmas well not
Christmas but the next couple of days
with Zoey's family up where they live
near bar so we're going to drive up
there and spend the next couple of days
up there with them or my hats just
coming down and then we're going to come
back here for Christmas Eve and
Christmas Day and everything with my
family we are taking Nala
but don't you re the guinea pigs won't
you are themselves as always whenever we
leave this house we always have friends
over to make sure the guinea bit of the
finding we have people we never ever
ever leave this house empty I have like
a thing I'm scared of getting burgled so
I make sure at all times somebody is in
the house I don't know it's just a
personal thing I've never been burgled
but I just get scared of it so we always
have somebody in the house so don't you
worry little Percy a little Pippin will
be looked after oh look it's almost like
they knew we're talking about them let's
get this ound show's over oh my gosh
this is the ridiculous how did I not
even realize this when I was filming the
video this looks like a giant milky way
star those are my favorite chocolates if
you don't know what I mean you must have
a packet in here somewhere I can show
you look a neck we actually don't magic
shows on my favour because reading them
all oh my god
so what you could have done a layer of
white to go in the middle I mean I can
still do that we're not so cool isn't
that amazing
so that's just ice yeah
so I'm going to freeze that I'm going to
keep in the freezer and we can eat that
on Christmas Day how do you need that
like you need look at our little door
it's so heavy I need to put all of this
stuff into the car so that we can
actually leave because we're already
running half an hour late
Oh Pat was that the car that's the noise
that makes when the car lock maybe a
second okay yeah the suction mount broke
so we can't have any cool car time
actually we can because I've got this
coming a little tripod this is the one
that Zoey and I are in and Joe
how crazy is this Zoey
Joe and I actually on this track that
were actually on earth isn't that mad
bring peace and joy desert to top dog
Oh sin listen can you hear me you can
hear me you know I thought it was you
so we've been on the road for probably
an hour and a half now we just stopped
off to grab some petrol but I didn't
vlog it I always normally film myself
vlogging out with petrol and grabbing
food and a drink but last time I did
that M&S I got told off for filming yeah
I know I literally was that put my put
my hand in my pocket to get my camera
and I was like I know the same woman is
gonna tell me off because I was like I
don't know how's the drive going great
yeah how's the drive go Nala she's fast
asleep
we've just survived in a little place
called Berwick and it is so cute cuz
what the man was warning me about that's
so nice of him yeah somebody just drove
past us and flashed his lights and we
were like what does that mean yeah Joe's
like the reason why is the fashion us
though is that there's always reason
I'll slap didn't I say it must be maybe
he thinks we've got a flat tire or
something so is that now maybe the
police just carry on driving like 20
meters and then there's people doing
speed camera the one way you handle yeah
yeah we just drove through a little
place called Berwick it was so cute like
very what's the word just by jail yeah
it's like an ideal little British town
but imagine like a town is a village
okay yeah that's very very true imagine
like an American who lives in New York
or Vegas or something going there they
would literally be like this is like a
toy town yeah that is crazy
little pink houses with that rooster and
what did we see what animals oh my god
there were seven alpacas in the field
there was just a field of reading for me
a field it was a very well capped feel
just like by the side of the violin is
one of my biggest oh there's the
conference no nose the van man yeah that
man that just went by threw a bag of
McDonald's ID chips or the paper with
rubbish everything just out on the road
I hate that what a disgusting human
being I get that now the animals can eat
their favorite chicks but what you mean
knows it's got rubbish all over the road
little paper and stuff all over the road
hoot someone's job has good done brim
and cleared up now I just got the wrong
way no right way
this way we've done some very very
confusing room we're currently driving
through the middle of nowhere and I'm
trying to upload my vlog off of my phone
internet saying it's gonna take two
hours but it's got to be up in 54
minutes
sun-earth Santa Claus is slowing
everyone down very it is why bad right
we've just arrived Zoe's dad's house oh
this is a new piece of art do you like
it is it new
yeah it cost a lot of money that means
you painted it blue are clear are a
level
did you GCSE I knew it what I guess I
hate it my dad wanted to keep it I think
it's cool
that was a long old day of traveling we
did just have our Christmas day as well
with Zoe's mum
and those grandparents by didn't blog
any of it because I just wanted to chill
out
Zoe enjoyed by film death but I just
wanted to did you just break the blind I
did that last time sorry
quick hook it back on get on clean a
film up there sure I'll be careful that
is an old chair you're never gonna reach
it from there do you see where it is
it's just some clipped I can't see what
hips where I'm not sure all it got clips
up anyways we had in love why have you
turned the light off is so dark in here
now I like it it's cozy this is cozy
that's not cozy right it's open
so even no they're not so yeah we had a
really really nice time guys open loaded
president gave loads of presents
everyone is so happy and so festive just
come over here now
and we're about to have a Christmas
dinner but as Larry enjoys dad we're
going to have a big it's cooking it will
off in the kitchen it looks amazing
so it's kind of an azure is broken
you're blind you can kind of broke this
that last you yeah it came off she
doesn't like me I just don't like your
curtains look at the size of this
Christmas dinner I kind of went a bit in
that's what you do at Christmas you go
in your age is so much that's right
I mean I'd better than you cooking now
on time you actually are those serious I
see on Twitter I'm waiting for the
invite over for dinner I honestly I oh
I'm dinner party at yours yeah I would
harm a set use om we love them hosting
us yeah yeah then you have to like
ringing at 10 and we should do a
youtuber come down with me what we each
go to each other's although I really do
the cooking that not as you know we
produce them beach beach things well
your gate I'll make it DIY giant
chocolate something for put in we're
about to do present no no yes we are
we've actually presents are you excited
yeah but you've got one more up says
that's so big we couldn't wrap it as
well
right no I can't get it yet because you
can't wrap it I just explained something
okay what are you gonna shut no Joe
you're the worst what are you gonna make
up
I am the I'm the worst but I've got you
guys a triple can you say you have got
I'm gonna get you Joe Joe's excuse
basically so as you know we've come here
because this is our Christmas with and I
know that this side of the family
I'm having considered a non front on
Sunday yeah that's what your dad yeah I
know
so Joe's excuse I have no excuses is
that it's not Christmas Day yet so
Christmas Day will get it the
confirmation email
yeah you I've got them spa day yeah spa
and my piece of umbrellas on can't you
print anything email INBOX like by the
way here's your present is your
president be is oh says when I get a
girlfriend I'll be way better okay
friends tonight your girlfriend will be
way better getting presents I to outdo
her and I'll do a by excited to like
surprise presents yes you don't think
I'm really bad doing penance for
boom guess what I'll do like look like
I'll do like I can like open up it says
go to this room and he goes that room is
another little clearly good boy so if
you have what Joe's done he's hidden
envelopes around the room for us to go
and find the present what's in that box
er how would you drive you go also I was
thinking why don't you ring or thing but
okay Joe if you're about to propose to
somebody what would you say how would
you do it so he'd be like oh I can feel
a good thumb now in total coming out of
this outfit alright here we go
so I'd sit down well stood up some is
fine nice 2017 wait am i laughing 2017
Oh 2017 guys the pressure let my neck oh
you'll be a proper romantic place whims
be in house but I'm not I'm not read it
I'd like to think that my future wife
wouldn't care about the where is the
edge I mean I want to find a wife who's
just happy to be with me and be around
me in my company or they could be
watching this vlog exactly not somebody
to be like oh my god eating propose to
me on a mountain at what board at
sunrise not me yeah yeah so so I mean it
could be just a good read casual but I
think I would I would I don't know
remember you thought about it so I'm
never we had a proper girlfriend
my regulars come a blue that bang also
meets you reckon you're gonna yeah and
you're gonna you're the one kids me
flying everywhere marriage they don't
fly anymore
all right now soon began to a bit my
bark is they're brother and sister view
Alan it's a dog bed imagine yeah nice
little doggie don't near is it Oh
oh-oh-oh
they are poison pillows Oh pillow to
pillow ever
they're so good Oh Oh little CPA I'm a
big fan of this he's sleeping on them
now oh it's the topper it's the best
topper
everyone's been asking me where it's
from this is a restaurant guys Oh guys I
guess the Iceland go yeah my tryout oh
my god
yeah it's so old you have one yeah we
have the same one Joe Merry Christmas
love Alpena Zoey kiss kiss kiss
how nice is that yeah that's very cool
you got my room Oh a toll roads lambs
will throw oh you what is that Nala you
ready go ha ha ha
we're trying to know like a horse more
what is it and it seems like a blog this
well this is poo head use your head to
catch the food yeah how I already got
that side eat your hair to catch the
poon Dada don't you go oh good in your
hood Hey
look at your face what were you singing
okay all right guys we've gone to bed
well this isn't the bed this is actually
the bathroom we've got to get ready to
go to bed Nala is so tired aren't you
are you sleepy she literally keeps on
coming upstairs and getting onto the bed
and laying down and then come and bow
down to check if we're coming back up
yet she's like come on guys go up to bed
I know I'm speaking about you I know you
can tell we're going to bed now we're
just going to bed
we're about to watch a film got some
crisps even though just on my teeth
I'm kind of trying to weigh up whether
it's worth eating some crisps and do my
teeth again or not eating some crisps
but what's making me one eat crisps is
the fact that if I do egress was always
just got these out which our milk
chocolate cookie dough bites I don't
even need to say anymore that that's
just enough I knew you were sleepy look
at you've literally been in bed 30
seconds and you already cold up asleep
or film we watch Enzo escape to Witch
Mountain I've never heard of this and
never should look at my hair never I'm
wearing a hat all day never heard of
this before I've never seen this before
is it a kid's film yes what pissed me
it's the one I was saying in my blog I
want to know what it
yeah I've never seen it is it like a
proper hour-and-a-half movie yeah Wow
okay so that's what we're gonna are we
eating and redoing our teeth I mean
you're already opened in yours I know
today's has been a little bit of a
disheveled vlog it's been a little bit
sporadic
we've had a Christmassy day with with
those grandparents and mums so just one
of those days where I take more time to
spend time with the family and friends
and stuff than I do for the camera and I
hope you guys understand that because
I've got to have some some me time some
family time and today was one of those
days if you've still managed to enjoy
the vlog give it a big ol thumbs up if
you want to go check out yesterday's DIY
chocolate video I'll leave it down below
didn't do white chocolate I know one of
the first tweets I saw and I quote
tweeted it was like however you should
understand with white chocolate then oh
I didn't think that anyways guys I'm
going to see in the morning tomorrow
then we even going ice skating aren't we
possibly if the rink is still there but
we are going to possibly the sea garden
center you evidence we're going to the
most Christmasy place in the world and
hopefully they've still got ice skating
on say good night good night
don't say a message to the camera dear
camera you've been so great to us over
these last couple of months and thank
you for not breaking the focus yet so
even that's exactly what man good night
guys yeah
