yeah oh yeah yeah good morning guys good
morning and welcome to the gym I've just
finished my workout
and
I'm feeling so good you know feeling so
energized so up for today it's super
early as you know I normally work out
either 8 o'clock to 9 o'clock or 9
o'clock till 10 o'clock today I worked
out at 7:30 7:30 whoa
feeling ready for the day because I went
out Sunday night in London and I didn't
get home until 5:00 a.m. it feels like a
Monday it feels like Monday today and
half the people I work with have already
finished for Christmas so get into that
time guys when everyone just everyone
everything just slows down goes to a
hole and it's Christmas time split me
five days till Christmas there's five
days until Christmas man I'm so excited
though he's got a confession which is
the pop where is the package no tell
them what you do I want to know if it's
the right package before I tell you
because it could be a different package
just to tell me okay so I've been
waiting for this package and yesterday
having varying waiting for a long time I
ordered on Amazon Prime so that should
be next day delivering up in a bar for
some reason they've just messed it up
and and then this morning about a week
ago this morning I was in my office
mm-hmm and there was a bag and I was
like I these are those deliveries that
arrived when me and Mark were putting
lights in the tree the postman handed
them to me over the fence I just brought
them in and put a on it there was only
like one for me and then like a thin
Amazon one and I was like oh that's for
our fear I remember thinking at the time
all that's for OFI I wonder what he's
ordered maybe it's a memory card of
something put it in the bag took it
inside and carried on with the day and
then I was in my office earlier and I
found it and all of a sudden I had like
this flashback to yesterday when you
went I want some microwave muffs and
they haven't arrived I've got them on
Amazon Prime but we don't know I'm
working on this I didn't register my
mother's like a fluffy thing that goes
on top of this camera that makes the
audio ten times better so for the last
two weeks I've I've really bad audio has
been waiting for this thing to come to
him I'm audio better so then what I did
was I put it on the side and I was like
maybe Alfie will just think that it got
delivered today I did I just sat down
and I just said to the camera
I've been waiting for this parcel know I
need to tell him so this here this pasta
that I've been waiting for for about two
weeks
Zoey's actually had hidden it wasn't two
weeks it was since me and mark decorate
one week ago that was Friday so it's not
too long don't you worry we got them how
you doing
I haven't seen this Christmas jumper
before let me see
Wow that's so pretty she's literally
like shut up give me a cuddle
she thinks you up says she's gone
upstairs covered it in here girl there
you go
looks like she's guarding you yes
oh she protectively
you both tired just got dressed jumped
in the car and we're heading off to go
get some lunch or though Zoey wherever
you suggested to get lunch MS we're
going to supermarket for lunch and
Starbucks addressed our boxes
we're both feeling super festive today
got the Christmas tunes playing yeah I
think it's because every time I've
emailed somebody today
I've got like a bounce back this is my
last day of work kind of thing I think
that's what it is that's making you feel
it's a lot of people are actually like
stopping work is coming to an end and
what does that mean it's Christmas
it means Christmas yeah oh yeah yeah
where's my whoa whoa whoa he's trying to
turn oh my god I hate roundabouts like
there stay in the middle one no okay
okay I was getting too excited and then
it all like kicked off I'm the king of
roundabouts do you remember when I used
to be scared and roundabouts I feel like
everyone's had a time when they've been
scared of roundabouts yeah by used to be
really bad around about stiff night yeah
you were oh oh my god yes you were
terrible around about no I wasn't
terrible around about you're terrible at
judging I was terrible at judging when I
could go I'm aware of the people in the
wrong lane thank you Laurie
there we go moved over honey didn't
signal naughty boy I've never seen the
car like this I there's like no West
Park or I was like if we come here I
don't think it's gonna be busy because
it's literally like the middle of the
day on a Tuesday but but it is the bed
space Oh should we go down to following
it the closest one you watch me what
should we wear Oh they've just left
yes silver car so this is the issue of
having a Range Rover I mean first of all
problems much in this way they just land
out like here this is perfect yeah they
just watch out for the Austrians yeah
you're right look they've just left it's
like the smallest car you can post
there's an even better space do you on
that one even closer of course I want
more one all right
all I know is this camera is my boy
yeah no telling you you need to stop now
that's why I stopped now let's get busy
as we've got the second closest spot you
can get yeah look that's the first look
just the side of the van
yo it is busy in here today guys
Christmas food shopping has officially
begun
Zuri's found a next level calling the
caterpillar well I don't know me should
just bow away so show them what it is
it's like it's kind of like polymer
Oh cake and the chocolate I've got all
the chocolate on the outside but it's a
Christmas cabin question why it is
Christmas is that why you say Merry
Christmas people make sure
know though that man was so lovely I
think it's because it's like such a
cheery time ago MERS Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas
like it's like Oh everyone's just
looking forward to something which is so
nice guys I can officially announce that
maybe that we bought everything that we
didn't need in MLS and the one thing we
didn't get was lunch which is what we
came out for so a great shopping trip
now we're back to the Starbucks now and
go grab some lunch although we did
actually need wrapping paper so that's a
lie
we did get something we needed hey fancy
seeing you here
oh you put the chair so far yeah did you
see that no Zoey puts the chair so far
forward I just went SMAW head butted the
steering well actually even that far
forward maybe I just got in the car with
me yeah because you drove it last it
wasn't me I just hit by the steering
with her somehow I've got some
explaining to do something just happened
that I didn't want to happen
what did a woman come up and ask for a
woman just came up to me and asked if
I've got any of my PB wristbands lovely
I've just spoken to my daughter and she
said to ask you about some colored bands
and I was like I always carry them
around on me because you know if you
come up to ministry and you ask me for a
wristband I will give you one oh I
forgot it's the first time I've gone out
without them and I get asked for them so
what I actually did and I'm not even
joking I'm not lying yet knock it up now
I'm not going to show you guys obviously
I'm going to blur it I got the woman to
write down her daughter's address or her
address and her name and I'm going to
send her some wristbands in the post
because that's what it is
if I say I have to have them on me I
have to have them on me and if I don't
then I have to send some come on
we can do but we need to go get lunch
bag with though we've got for Christmas
trees in our house it do not need
another one find space for another one I
mean got home about half an hour ago and
I've just been doing some emails and
little bits like that now I'm just
sitting down or laying down in bed to
edit the vlog zombies also downstairs
it's in her blog I'm feeling good today
I'm feeling really really good I feel so
festive I feel like it's actual proper
Christmas well it is it's Christmas in
my five days but you know I mean like I
feel proper like Christmassy gnarley'
you are so lucky I'm so jealous of that
big treat of yours you guys are so lucky
to look at them thanks Karen they're
really happy on their little mound of
hey I can't clean your little Hut chairs
or big hutch so we just ah fail we just
tried to go to the pier with Louise
Darcy and Louise's boyfriend Liam and
it's kind of closed I don't know how or
why the pier is closed before Christmas
because they would make so much money
with being open leading up to Christmas
I don't even share eyes such like a
festive place but all the lights and
everything anyways the pier was closed
so we've driven back home Louise and
Liam and Dorothy are on the way to come
over here to hang out for a bit but
we're not going to be able to we wanted
to go on like the rides and go on the
arcade machines and throw the balls at
the tin cans and we just can have a
chilled chilled even in here instead but
for the blog
I still got something planned I told you
it was coming it is definitely happening
today all of this chocolate is going to
be used as you've seen by the title by
the thumbnail for the giant snowflake
DIY chocolate Halloween I did the giant
DIY chocolate pumpkin it's Christmas
time so I'm going to do a snowflakes
night this is Louise trying one of the
new whisper biscuits
just cheating okay so you remember my
counts yes I love damn it if I count
they're not around anymore yeah you're
good
what do you rate it out of 11 higher
than even the Creator store by MIT for
reals books see you later
I see you soon bye team oh oh sorry oh
make up on me well that was a flying
visit I didn't really even feel much as
soon as they arrived
Darcy wanted to get the guinea pigs out
and play with Nala no little people like
she does children she just look like she
just follows them everywhere Jim I'm
with Eduardo she just oh my god yes with
Eduardo when he was younger I think the
small of a child I think it's because
their wall has eyes closer to her height
right guys it's finally time you know
what it's time for you know what I'm
getting out
you know I'm preparing and hopefully if
everything goes to plan guys I'm going
to fill this up once put it in the
freezer for a couple of hours we have
dinner or something
take it out fill it up again and then
put two together so it's this thick look
I think that is and that big hopefully
if we have enough chocolate I'm going to
fill it twice and so it begins the start
of the long chokolate melting session
just before we start and we just have
one packet number two three four now I
just need to just need to wait for the
chocolate to melt my gosh that looks so
delicious
right that's four chocolate bars melted
I say we add in another four before we
start pouring it into here like I don't
even need to pour it into him freeze it
before this looks good
I could literally just spoon this into
our mouth now and eat this oh my gosh
look how smooth this is I can literally
draw patterns into it this is exactly
what I need ready
Oh Oh No how do I get it from here to
there what oh crap
here we go this is how you do it
this is just looking crazy this has
worked so well so this is what we're
left with here an absolutely empty bowl
I got a smaller spoon out and I'll just
scrape around the edges and this is the
chocolate snowflake look at that like
full perfectly to the top and that took
exactly eight chocolate bars to fill up
so fingers crossed we've got eight left
to be able to do another one afterwards
we've got four here and another five
here so input nine what's that means
that we can do another one of those
after once this is once this is term
solid we can make another one and then
stick them together and have it like
this fact and I'm gonna try oh my gosh
imagine if I spilt this oh my gosh
the one good one chocolate star there we
go
I'm going to leave that in there for a
bit we've ordered from a place called
deals which is one of my absolute
favorite restaurants just even the
branding look at it look how cool it
looks you excited I'm so like I can't
even tell you we did wake up early today
went to the gym off seven you know when
you just got like wiped out like this
that's how I feel now if that is not an
epic chicken burger then I don't know
what is kind of fell asleep on the sofa
for a few hours
sorry still asleep on the sofa now this
is what Christmas is all about guys just
relaxing you know having some time time
to yourselves let's see if this is ready
ahh oh my gosh it's completely solid
it's done
oh yeah listen listen
that is so pleasing
we need to tip this upside down get this
out so that we can make the next one but
don't want to damage it oh my god just
look sick that was mad that looks so
sick that looks so sick
check that look at that oh my gosh then
put that back in there so that it stays
freezing and we're going to get on to
making the next one so 11:30 in the
evening I've got the gym about 8 or 9
a.m. tomorrow and I'm up making giant
chocolate snowflakes this is what it's
about
ha ha this just looks ridiculous
that's a bowl of eight packets of
chocolate man I need to break some of
these up some more
I think it's fully smooth - look at this
let's start the scoop in the second
piece of the two-piece puzzle that we
spent all of tonight making it looks so
sick look look at it look at it look at
it
I'm life to like balance it on top of
this one unless I put this one in the
fridge and the other one are leaving the
brilliant idea of a brilliant idea
Oh oh my gosh oh my gosh is that even
going to close ha oh my gosh that fits
perfectly right
goodnight little one I'll see you in the
morning and that is it done finished
finito whatever other ways there I've
sayin finished I'm gonna have to finish
this blog off tomorrow because I wanna I
need to combine both of them so I'm
going to leave the vlog here if you're
enjoying it so far smash that thumbs up
button down below this is going to be
epic this is going to be cool I'm going
to take this out as always family this
is going to be my part of Christmas
dinner
the family I'll see you in the morning
it just got back from the gym and I
honestly haven't looked yet you ready
should we have a look I really hope it's
solid because this one's in the fridge
not in the freezer oh yes
all right let's get the other one out as
well oh my gosh it's got ice stuck on it
yeah yeah look at them we need to put
them together oh my gosh I don't even
know how to do this that is the sickest
chocolate snowflake look literally I
can't even I need to like melt them
together somehow I don't know whether to
eat some of it now in the video because
I feel like that's that's usually what I
do at these DIY videos I normally
consume the product that I'm a kid so if
I make candy floss that I normally eat
the candy floss but but today I kind of
want to save the chocolate put it back
in the freezer and save it into a
Christmas to actually have with my
family
so I think that's what I'm gonna do
you've seen it I've split them back up
into two what I'm going to do is I'm
going to put them back in the freezer
and then on actual Christmas Day or
Christmas Eve I'm going to turn them
over melt that side slightly and the
other side and stick them together so
that I legit do have one giant chocolate
snowflake oh my gosh guys this was the
best idea ever
if you've enjoyed the video go down
below give it a bigger thumbs up let me
know in the comments if there's anything
else I really really wanted to do for
Christmas like a giant chocolate Santa
or reindeer but I can't find anything
hollow that I can fill with chocolate if
you've enjoyed the video guys you know
what to do I'm going to challenge you
today to get this video 75
thousand thumbs up that is your aim
75,000 there's a bloomin lot I know you
can do it I know you can do because with
a Peavy gang I'll catch you tomorrow
guys thank you so much for watching the
video
goodnight
