come on them should we get up Shree go
downstairs good morning good morning
good morning I feel like I haven't
properly said good morning to you guys
yeah just jumping in the car to go and
get my haircut but today for the first
time I think ever you know I don't think
I've ever had this done
I was always moved to seek around it's
like fill up my heads on the plumbing
ceiling our small issue I think this
will be the first time ever I've got a
hairdresser my normal hairdresser but
instead of getting cut in the salon I've
got my hairdresser coming over to the
house to cut my hair I'm just about to
go and pick him up and then he's going
to cut my hair at the house which will
be that's so much easier than going to a
salon isn't it super super excited
finally before Christmas I can get this
mop cut off my head my hair is getting
so long I went to sleep last night at
5:00 a.m. like I cannot even believe how
good I feel I feel so awake so alive so
like energetic consider it but at 5:00
a.m.
there is a man who is older than my dad
floggin get it yes I'm loving this I'm
feeling good today I'm feeling amazing
I've just had my hair cut I'm wearing
the brightest most standing out out
there hoodie you can ever wear last
night was a good night was so much fun I
went to James Corden's Christmas party I
went to the casino when I for dinner
went Christmas shopping yesterday I've
had a really really good time recently
and and today I'm feeling great today
I'm going off to get the last couple of
bits of my Christmas shopping hopefully
after today after the next couple of
hours we're getting ticked off
everything everything I need and then
all I do actually need wrapping paper I
can't even tell you how successful this
shopping trip has been like this today
added yesterday in London legit think
I've got everything like I think I've
got everything that I need even like
stocking fillers little jokey presents
Maine presents everything pretty sure
I'm finished now that guy's looking at
me like what the hell is that kid doing
hope
that guy was walking along just full-on
rapping full-on singing rapping like
going like this from his arms did not
care and to make it even better legit
wearing a skiing outfit like an
all-in-one ski outfit so good love's in
this is why I love living in Brighton
because you just get such you get such
characters and that's not an insult like
I'm talking to a camera like I just said
you get people who just are fully
themselves and I don't care what other
people are thinking of them they just
live in in the moment live in their life
being who they really truly are and
everyone else around them is so
accepting everyone else is just like
yeah you do your thing yes you're
different I don't care Who am I to judge
like it's so sick if if he was walking
around in that ski outfit rappin in
London
everyone would be laughs for him
everyone be looking at thing and what is
this kid doing Brighton no one even
turns ahead everyone's just like cool
doing his thang love it so much is so so
cool I'm fully ready to go home like
I've done everything that I need to do
but Zoe's not very well at the moment as
you would see from her videos and my
vlogs and stuff she's she's felt ill for
the last couple of days and spent most
of the time in bed I think she's still
in her pajamas now even though it's the
afternoon feel like I should take back
like a little a little gesture a little
something just to to brighten up a day
while she's not feeling so good I don't
have a clue what that thing is going to
be you guys amaze me every single day
like I just met so many of you I just
bye Zoe and I little sausage roll each
to have when we get home
and when I came out the sausage roll
shop there was so many of you waiting
outside which is so polite thank you so
much for waiting outside rather than
like crowd in the shop to the people
outside the shop were a young couple
through maybe like 23 24 years old the
guy had like a full-on beard you know
that from now on
I always carry around the points blog
wristbands with me just in case you ever
asked me in the 3 for a wristband I'm
ready to give you one and I did say that
you can't ever choose a color whatever I
pull out of my bag work my pocket
wherever they are that is the color you
get so far today nobody who has stopped
me has asked me for a wristband which is
quite quite rare because I've literally
had like 50 or 60 pictures with loads of
you guys and nobody's known to ask for
one until just then the cuff will I just
said about guy with like full-on beard
really really cool guy but is that have
you got a wristband I really really want
a yellow one they're the rarest ones and
I was like bro I can't give you a
certain color
I'm so sorry that's just that's breaking
the rules
breaking the Alfie deyes rules but I
can't give you in your girlfriend a
wristband each whatever I pull out my
bag I pull out a black one for his
girlfriend and she's like yes really
like that one and then no word of a lie
pull out a yellow one for him he asked
for a yellow one the rarest one I was I
can't do that pull it out is yellow
he is so his so happy so so sick who
would have thought out of all the people
outside all of the young girls the young
boys it would be like a 23 24 year old
guy with a beard asking me for a
wristband it's so sick you guys shocked
me every single day there are so many of
you now there are so many of you that
watch these videos and I just wanna say
thank you so much for all of the sport
like it takes moments it's moments like
this when I go into town by myself or I
go food shopping or I go oh I got for
dinner I go to London and I meet so many
of you and you're all so excited to see
me so happy so smiley so positive so
friendly so lovely so caring
that I just think about how amazing this
community this PB gang this community
this thing that we've built together
really really is some such one say thank
you thank you for always being so bloody
lovely I'm gonna drive home now I
genuinely think in this bag is like all
of the last bits of Christmas shopping
that I needed to do like I finished
everything off crap I didn't buy any
wrapping paper just arrived home and I
kind of want to show Zoey this is so
annoying
that I can't show you guys what I'm
getting people for Christmas too many of
my family friends watch these videos
that I know are you know when you have
your hair cut and you know your t-shirts
or itchy yeah
far too many friends and family watch
these videos meaning I can't show
anything or any shops that I'm buying
presents from because they're gonna
watch it so I know there was no vlog
yesterday believe me when I say this I
spent all of yesterday I tell you what I
did
quick recap let me meet the TV morning
got up went to the gym say goodbye to me
say go say goodbye to Zoey went shopping
in London with Jay went for dinner in
London with Jay went to James Corden's
Christmas party and met tons of really
really cool people went 6:00 in the
evening with Callum Sarah bazinga
Zuka JJ tons of people Vic there was
loads of loads of people at the casino
then came home and that was it but
because the majority of the day was
spent shopping that couldn't really vlog
shopping it would leak what I'm getting
people for Christmas so there wasn't a
video and I'm very very sorry about that
yesterday not really much I can do
I bought Zoe a little present for being
ill don't expect anything good I was
thinking more like they love sausage
rolls um oh you've got every large box
you get these things they ask you to get
for my forehead
Oh forgot about them do you know what I
for my cubic sideline
I heat you up first heat up this is our
genuinely an amazing place where I got
it from oh look at that so recently put
a train around our train
Marla has no idea what is going on we're
about to do a YouTube live show but
beforehand Zoey is going to let me where
are you it's always going to let me do
her makeup you ready you're going to
look so beautiful
and we get this going to put this light
over here for the live show get some
good lighting this isn't like a pop a
challenge video this is just me doing it
for you these concealers well no that's
a heavy brush is now quite long then you
got a small head or a lot on didn't I
was she looking get that like rubbing
motion blending look at the circular how
crazy is it that this was the first
video we ever filmed together first time
I went to your house boyfriend does my
makeup no I think I just called it
pointlessblog does my make oh you did
but you've got a lot on being serious
just keep blending never your hair line
is awful rub it with your fingers that
looks really bad Robert even with your
feet not really bad well or nobody which
because you've got tiny face compared to
me so that's how much light of my
moisturizer and stuff that I use because
you guys know you know I wear BB cream
some days that's how much like BB cream
I would put on perfect that looks good
now yeah um no cheeky bacon Cielo
this one no same brush you don't have
any bags so you don't really even need
to do there yeah Ken I don't wanna know
Dana
like employee know what you do in she
does this every time I do my makeups
gonna measure what else anything else
um bronzer tap that off but you can tell
us it nothing can go drastically wrong
as long as you blend and you have a
light hand you don't really have a light
hand ain't that's your problem
perfect so I was doing Zoey's makeup all
fun and everything but we've actually
got to go live but we do got a live show
people are waiting online so there's
always quickly finishing off her and
mascara just to make things quicker what
do you think overall I think you did a
good job of the skin is not my Franz
Iran there but it didn't you need Matt
you should do my eyebrows before we go
to internet I prefer when you just like
just the very very little if if any
makeup that's my favorite look on you
you didn't do a really good job with
them I've no concealer and foundation
foundation was tricky because I'm used
to my size face that's the thing so I am
whenever I put creams or moisturizers or
whatever on my face I'm used to put in a
lot a lot more cuz I'm a bigger head
then Zoe alright we finished up the live
show how do you think it went good
they did enough I'm filming you I don't
even know anyone oh you getting changed
yeah less as I was trying to decide
whether she was going to wear basically
without food shopping now guys and got
to be quite quick because it closes in
like an hour five minutes
I told sorry that she should have worn
her deer pajamas out to Waitrose but she
wasn't feeling it were you think I might
just be a bit cold if I just wear that's
true that's very very true but
eventually just arrived at Waitrose
my war against Hillary and oranges yeah
any people and
do they know that what they want we came
in just here dinner for tonight because
remember Zoe we're going to see your
family soon so we can't get too much
and veggies
you watch that for one minute let me see
if they've got any sushi I didn't come
in here to get sushi but they don't have
the sushi I want anyway they do it this
sushi that I loved though
they have them
what we have a for dinner then you know
your orange juice or we gonna have a
dinner
I love that you're actually wearing that
out it looks so good I love it
chicken pie with gravy so have you heard
the news
DIY Daisy is doing a DIY he's back he
heard who's back
DIY days is coming back with a giant
chocolate DIY so rumor has it he's back
after his last ordeal with the giant
chocolate pumpkin family's back bigger
and better than ever
that's what of hurt that's what I'm
saying have you heard that yeah you've
heard that to make this next joint DIY
we're gonna need a lot a lot of
chocolate
Zoe I'm gonna need your help
I think that's gonna be enough laughs
never never got enough sorry
last time chin that's enough stacks on
stacks and stacks just to be safe we're
gonna get a couple more that is what
we're talking about we've just arrived
home I want to see what Nile is doing ah
she's seen me straightaway literally I
walked over here even watching TV chef
alfie is back tonight everybody I'm
cooking up some broccoli just nice I was
going to say steaming it but I'm not
seeing that I'm just boiling it at the
moment inside the oven over here we've
got 27 seconds left until the Zoe's
chicken pie is ready and my lasagna is
ready and at the same time we've also
got some mashed potato cooking up win
for a treat win for a good dinner and I
don't know if I told you or not I feel
like a half but I just forget who I tell
what these days
vlogging so much and hanging out people
so much Zoey and I started watching
Sherlock Oh the food's ready
sorry nice side to watching Sherlock the
other day and online episode four or
five I want to say there's three in
season one we finishes one a thin one
the first order may be the second of
season two everyone used to speak about
it when it was live and episodes were
airing for the first time and I was like
yeah okay cool doesn't really stop me
yeah amazing cool awesome but it's
actually so sick and I should have
listened to everyone you're never gonna
guess what I've gone and done only
forgot to end the vlog last night so I'm
ending it here for you guys I've been
telling you for the last like I was
going to say a couple of days but it's
probably been nearly a week now that a
super special video has come in I
thought it's going to be going up at the
end of last week it went up yesterday I
don't think many of you've seen it yet
Sean and I filmed it the other day
we had a ton of fun so basically you
guys know that were super closely of
direct line and I have done throughout
the last year just teaching people how
to drive more safely and and I love the
relationship we have legit like what
what can be better being serious that
actually helping people learn how to
drive safely
so I've made a new video over on their
Channel with Sean as well what we've
done is we went Christmas shopping for
Zoey for poppy for Mom for dad for mark
for each other we basically got in the
car did a trip to her like three four
five different shops filmed it all
blogged it or vlogs with the shop in
what we were buying people and none of
it has gone in any of these blocks it's
a secret shopping trip just in the diet
line YouTube video you guys always show
the dark line videos so much love and
Shawna nightlife you know what we like
with both just idiots
we bought some crazy presents and funny
present some stupid presents some
genuinely good presents that were
actually going to give people for
Christmas and we had a fun time so go
check out that video now I'm going to
leave a link down below right now
literally top lines of the descriptions
click the link go show it some love the
other videos we've done have had like 12
or 15 thousand thumbs up so I wanted to
see how many thumbs up we can possibly
get on this direct line video it's like
an extra daily vlog just shopping for
girlfriends for family friends loved
ones and yeah and I know I know you're
going to love it so go check it out
honestly go give a thumbs up go
shirtless but I'm going to apply to lose
the comments over there as well I think
that's about it
I think that is right if you've enjoyed
this video as well of course as usual
show it some love go down below smash a
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already and I'll see you tomorrow which
is today we're having a very very fun
day super exciting day I will see you
tomorrow guys good nap
alfie deyes yeah blogger vlogger Alfie
deyes people know about albedo yet on my
way to deliver it to you wait only
twelve nuggets last time you smashed 24
