good morning guys we're kicking the day
off in bed on my laptop hopefully about
to do some Christmas shopping and edit
yesterday's vlog I'd say hopefully
because I tried to do Christmas shopping
all of yesterday and failed and didn't
even get one thing let's have a quick
weather check oh crap
offense is still broken John when
there's that storm a couple of weeks ago
yeah we owe them Annette a such a really
nice day no that is a lovely day I'm so
excited I say that as I get back into
bed to do online Christmas shopping
instead of going out and do an actual
Christmas shopping this is what
Christmas is about being able to just
relax and chill and be cozy and warm and
wrapped up do you remember when you're
younger and you stay at a friend's house
you have a sleepover and your parents
call your friend's parents saying that
they'd come and pick you up in like one
hour you knowing that you've got one
hour until you have to leave your friend
and go home feels like the end of the
world like you're trying to have as much
fun as you can possibly have in the last
hour
before your parents survive and take you
home well I kind of feel like that
pairing right now because Nona had a
sleepover last night at Buzz's house
which is her brother my parents dog and
I've just text mom saying that I'm going
to go and pick her up now and she's like
what did she say no cookie check a mom
takes me saying she's helping me in the
garden and dad with the recycling out
the front so she's currently happily
playing in the garden in the front
garden with her brother and my mom and
my dad and I'm about to be the horrible
parent go pick her up and bring her back
home I feel bad because I remember what
it was like
also I'm talking about my dog as if
she's a little girl I don't know if
that's weird
you know I literally just said to you
about that she was not going to want to
come home
buzz has been so excited to see me
jumping up and down and look at Nala she
don't want to come home do you want to
come back too - Dead trying to come and
play and we'll leave Nala
it's half an hour later guys Ania still
we tried to persuade her to get up what
better harness on her come on we need to
go home mommy shoe against your mummy
come on enter against your mummy
oh hello little one giggle your doggy
seep out on Shrieker home he literally
told you that I would be that horrible
Baron picking up the child who doesn't
want to leave exactly what I said so far
today I've edited my vlog research I'm
gonna call it research into Christmas
shopping because I haven't bought
anything yet but I have done some
looking I've downloaded three new games
because I've decided that I kind of want
to start gaming again when I was younger
I used to play video games and even
called video games anymore Xbox
Playstation computer whatever games a
lot like a lot a lot and I kind of just
miss sitting down submerging myself into
something and like to know suppose it's
kind of the feeling that you get when
you watch a YouTube video forget about
the rest of the world I want to start
gaming again so I've downloaded
counter-strike source portal which I've
never actually played before but portals
like old-school meant to be amazing I
mean I played bits of it but I haven't
ever like played the whole game I used
to play counts like sauce like gun game
surfing what's the third game are
downloaded rocket League rocket League
as well it's time for me to make some
lunch think I'm going to make if this is
to date all no think it's out of date
what's the date today I always do this
it's three days out date and I can't
risk it with salmon oh that's so
annoying
we haven't really got much else I've
just come into one of my favorite shops
Toys R Us but not for myself today today
we're shopping for Darcy Louise's little
girl Darcy Zoe's going up to see Louise
tomorrow I think the day you're watching
this or Monday so I am so I've come to
get a Christmas present this is the
perfect section Sylvanian families to
know which ones to go for I remember
when I was younger I had a massive like
it was kind of like the Rosie and Jimbo
like a massive massive boat apparently
Darcy loves this so just trying to think
of one that she won't already have ah
this one's call a seaside restaurant
this is why when she comes down to visit
Brighton
she comes to the seaside got the perfect
one we've gone for the ice cream shop
hopefully she hasn't really got it the
queues here are ridiculous
cheers everyone
all good we got it I kind of ended up
grabbing dinner on the way home look how
much I've got got a bit carried away
I've got large rice large super-green a
salad with three added sides two
portions of chicken and some chips you
are never going to yield but I haven't
had lunch I like actually haven't had
lunch yet it's dinner time so he's got
like a normal a normal person my
eyesight is rough today I've had a
really bad headache all day so he's been
in bed with a bad headache all day or we
were missing the beginning we've just
put on Sherlock because when he was on I
don't know if it still is on TV I could
be wrong everyone was talking about it
Zoe no never ever watched any of us with
just one episode one just on watching it
tonight
really yes I did you watch Sherlock it's
like Sherlock or something I also feel
like we should start watching The
Walking Dead
because poppy and Sean go on and on
about that we just finished watching two
episodes of Sherlock really really good
you know guys really really enjoyed it
definitely going to watch some more and
I've just seen on Twitter that Michael
McIntyre's big show has gone up and I
completely forgot I didn't ever tell you
guys but I can tell you now because it's
gone up I got a text from Jamie Oliver
one day just at the blue and it was like
a hilarious text I could complete joke
something about him wanting to get
McDonald's and accidentally texting me
and I replied like a jokey text back so
I just didn't know what it was for
turns out with Michael McIntyre when he
does his text to all on his TV show so
we're gonna watch it now so and I have
not seen this thing but it's been going
crazy on my Twitter today okay ah Jesus
sends two texts ouch
the first text is as follows Jules be
is all thing but I'm starving
it's time to find out what replies Jamie
houses Jamie Oliver's gonna have like
the most impressive contact on his
clothes
anyone let's just remind ourselves of
the text that was sent first it was
Jules babe kids all fed I'm starving
can you pick me up twelve Nuggets a
cheeseburger a choc milkshake and that
flurry thing I love big people started
responding to that one before I even
said this one the second chair sorry
that text was it then whew I need you to
promise me in capitals that you won't
tell anybody about it let me know I'm
kind of kink Jamie
ladies and gentlemen it's Jamie Oliver
place and you all doing JV and see
weapons let's start off with have you
lost your mind from Kim Yuri oh I'm with
less my American peer you'll never feel
lost your mind
allende blue no Hollywood is calling ha
ha ha can she pick me up one of those
flurry things to Orlando Bloom company
me I think she's over me work for him
Alfie deyes yeah blogger vlogger Alfie
deyes people know about albedo yeah on
my way to deliver it to you
wait only 12 nuggets last time you
smashed 24
I love in kid 36 and hurry up we're
currently opening Zoey's PA box which
sounds like a mundane small thing to do
but she has all of this bag all of the
sack over there look how big that is
presence there
here here we've got so much stuff so if
you want to see this head over to Zoey's
vlog is already up by the time you're
watching this and you can you can see
the goodies that we found
