this looks amazing thank you so much all
brown sauce ignore the hair today then
what is going on with it
mmm mmm yay
really good the marks got some new shoes
and they're super slippy on the bottom
yeah so we're gonna I think this is what
you do you get like a knife like this
then you score the bottom so that
they're more bumpy so they have more
friction
you know kama fee I'm gonna try not to
what's kinda I don't want to do them
deep so there we go
oh there now you can probably if you
tried probably walk up walls yeah I
reckon they're going to that grippy now
good morning my friends good morning how
on earth are you doing why do people say
that why do people say on earth
of course we're on earth unless anyone
else is watching this and they're not on
earth then bloomin out that is bloody
crazy please come down and say hello
I would love to meet an alien anyways
why am I getting weird the video has
only just begun I'm a little bit ashamed
of what I'm about to do of where I'm
about to go of what I'm about to eat do
I even need to tell you
I think I'm addicted it's such a fresh
late afternoon this is my lunch by the
way and I'm feeling really really good
except my realize that there's a stain
on my t-shirt like here what don't know
how that got there it's so calm today
like it's so relaxing and it's not very
cold so I thought instead of driving
home sitting down looking at a screen
while eating my sushi I'd come to the
park and just enjoy the the fresh air
the quietness it's going to be good for
me because I've been feeling ill over
the last couple of days I still don't
feel 100% tonight myself
Zoe Mark poppy and Sean Oh literally as
I says oh his name she's ringing me
hello
beat me I think I'll talk about what
we're doing tonight tonight Tanya and
Jim having a Christmas party at their
house in London I couldn't make last
year's because I was in Singapore with
Marcus I'm pretty sure that's where I
can make it it was either that was a
loss um there was something in the way
basically where I couldn't make last
year's party and it looked incredible so
of course I'm going this year and I
think it's going to be really busy you
know I think there's gonna be a lot of
people there just enjoying the Christmas
spirit
the festiveness going on at the moment
and just and just having a good time so
before I get in the car and we drive to
London I wanted to come and get some
fresh air and what a better place you
know so I brought my sushi with me and
apparently is always just ordering me
some sweet potato fries and chicken I
think I found the key to being good
looking because there are so many like
healthy and fit but also attractive men
and women jogging past me I think the
key to being attractive is jogging in
the cold good to know but I don't think
it's really ever gonna forgetting it be
doing it I'd much rather be jogging on a
treadmill in the gym or in fact just not
jogging at or I'd rather just be working
out that's probably the thing that I've
missed the most about being ill over the
last couple of days is not being able to
work out why cause really really in the
flow and I was enjoying working out so
much and now with being ill over the
last couple of
days I basically just had to had to stop
working out because I'd end up using all
of my energy working out and then I'll
just be dead afterwards you know when
the talk about just taking some time out
of your day trying to vlog Taylor when I
talk about just spending some time by
yourself to yourself away from a screen
away from the busyness that the hustle
and the bustle of the world that's
exactly what I mean
going to a park where there's nobody
there except from people jog in but but
that inspires you that that makes me
want to get out and jog I need to find
something to wear
to tan and gyms tonight I was planning
on just wearing this and going quite
cash but as I told you it's got a stain
on it I don't know how smart to go Dan
had a casual good and how Christmasy to
go just come over to mom and dad's now
to drop NOLA here tonight he is very
excited oh hey buddy boy hello hello
buddy look a little jumper I'm gonna
pass the cam around one person at a time
start with poppy
who are you most excited to see tonight
the body man okay Evan I said if you
person Sean mother now you guys apart
those cheated you guys who are you most
excited Lou ma that hitboxes don't River
Gia
everyone because I love as equals one
person um well because John you're
married they have one person dead
Sonya I'm gonna take John yeah all right
sorry you must know that was gonna say
Ohio the snowman in the gardens they
cost no money
though they don't yeah we should've
bought smoke cannon sure I don't know if
that's nice better on the ring DIY snow
cannon oh this is great lighting then
probably Martha yeah I don't know who I
don't even know who's going I can
genuinely don't and they're just to beat
my because it's maybe him or her stars
just mine and everyone is arguing is
Joseph just find an argument change your
Saturday so face laughing is a little
capable zodiac sign
everything's in here the road to you
quote that you did and you changed
everyone's learning star sign so now ice
your burger but now I'm gonna come with
comedian what suburban I'm silly burger
which I'm so happy I have now alia
yogurt his first name ye ma was about
Libra no no you guys you're a Libra
October the what 1800 under self oh here
we go
got to find out look Joe this isn't
bloody refreshed I'm a burger - burger
place but are you September the 17th
phenomena drives a car points into the
16:30 your bag oh you're a Virgo I'm
still Avago imma leave you one day I was
dead
so I'm so nice qo the description of our
go as I collapse very deep you know
there's things you packing your Taurus
now you know NASA is telling you the
truth
I saw it your computer what is going on
guys this is the first clip for me to
the party
it's just everyone arguing there is more
people here as well there's people
everywhere and there's loads of food I
cannot even tell you how many sausage
rolls
I bought him tonight I haven't had
dinner no that's not a toiler that's
their cupboard that's it
oh no to show them the show everybody
markets got half is cucumbers drink
I asked it's hot the straw I said - I
said the man Sega I love it when
Oklahoma's hoffmanstal nah wise up your
store fight it out
now have you got the key coming your
mouth see now you get dinner
I'm the drinking one
she was layin on look at this embrace
look at this little doggie
hey go Martha
kissa kissa I'm so soft isn't she been
told we have to go though he's getting
super tired and she's on the drove here
why not is all Zoey said we have to
leave because she's a 5-step i PUFA she
is a never I got the sugar five Eugene
bargain on why you Jesus I go much Merry
Christmas
see you soon goodbye don't cry have a
lovely Christmas and now I'm gonna get
told off for filming in any second
that's why we just order in a McDonald's
at the moment we've ordered more food
than you can ever imagine
no that's not true
we've ordered two extra fries and some
extra we were using I don't want it you
ran out the shop before we can get it to
understand also I'm guessing what you
want this is the fanciest mcdonald's up
everything in my life
order from here and then you get like
your icy easy thank you very much
it literally looks might have told them
to pretend to be asleep but I promise
you then the kids we finally arrived
home and I'm going straight up to bed
just closing the blinds and everything
we drop poppy and Shawn home on the way
back Mark's gone to bed night man and
I'm going to bed as well I mean am i
vlogging here guys so he is pasta sleep
next door
I enjoyed the vlog today if you did give
it a big thumbs up
