oh we've got another tip run to do there
is so much cardboard
good morning guys good morning
Hayden hope you'll have it Oh hope
you're having a lovely day whatever
you're doing wherever you are one thing
that I haven't done in a while that I
used to do every single day to kick off
the vlogs is a morning backflip let's do
it let's hit it
the only slight issue it's not gonna
stop me but the slight issue we have
today so I've got to your neck client
even speak that's another issue I've got
two necklaces on so I'm gonna have to
hold them down we all know what happened
last someone I did it nearly cheap my
bloomin tooth I feel it alive
kicking off the vlog with something
super exciting another run to the tip
another load of recycling to do
preparing for Christmas is more effort
than I ever thought it would be the 23rd
I still haven't finished all my
Christmas shopping after the tip also
hitting up a couple of supermarkets to
get all of our Christmas food because
Ari and I are hosting Christmas this
year our house just checking is still
there well it was smiley I look like
sadness from that film I have no idea
good now and go food shopping this is
how I look like yeah you do it's now
time to go food shopping
hopefully they haven't sold out all the
things that we want it's the 23rd you
never want one like this you want one
with this bit just so you can pop your
camera in it like that this has not been
eaten all day we haven't had any milk at
home hey how's it going can I get a big
old piece of that French mature right
Bri doesn't think so much no way Zoey's
that happy we need sprouts and parsnips
okay then what we got some they've
literally sold out sprouts no one even
like sprouts
don't worry I'm gonna go and steal some
at someone's trolley when they're not
looking just man thank you this is where
the parsnips belong we'll get one in
each one then why they're asking Paul
over here Zoe we got some bad news
they're all sold out
okay look about half olives oh they're
around here somewhere
of course we can't come to Waitrose
without getting sushi sushi sued the
hook up giving us free sushi each for
Christmas that's what I'm talking about
just got back now I I bought a
decoration about two weeks ago for
outside and I haven't put it up yet
so he's gonna unpack all of the food
that we just bought you excited to see
what I bought I never it's just like a
little decoration you know it's just a
little something Oh a box inside a box
I'm gonna put the decoration up again it
might be a couple of minutes
I'm opening the garage that I can use
the plug socket this is just ridiculous
now I've done some stupid stuff on
YouTube I've hidden 24 hours overnight
in a trampoline park
I tell my living room into a trampoline
park I put a ball pit in my living room
and they just try and find need to try
and find some kind of extension cord I'm
having to steal the Christmas tree
lights one time to get the little
decoration out it's a little bit harder
now that it's dark to do this
considering I have absolutely no idea
what I'm doing
so we'll make it work make it work all I
know is that here's the end that this
goes into it can't be much different
from the time that I bought that bouncy
castle for our garden in the old house
on the tree because that way now I know
what this string is for know what the
string is for I want to try and put him
down here so that as you come through
the gates you see it right outside the
house I have no idea how I'm going to
put it here all right Zoey close your
eyes come on hey close your eyes
overhand
okay wait here turn around close your
eyes keep them closed
there you go over your eyes isn't it so
cool you have to hold him up though
because he likes to blow over I feel
like what we need to do look at him I
know but we've got no ground to attach
to I've got rope with it what we need to
do is we need to get better extension
lead and I want to put him over there so
that when people come in the house he
stood there by the front door he's gonna
deflate he's gonna go down no goodbye
Santa oh crap okay let's put in me let's
put them in the garage pick him up I
know where wait we've got to pick up the
thing
you sleep tight in there it looks so
good I'm off to town now as you know
I've got a couple of tiny little
presents left over to get and what I'm
gonna do I'm going to put this
essentially back with the Christmas tree
I'm gonna get a proper outdoors
extension leads because we do have one
but I lend it to the gardener for his
lawnmower and stuff and he's like jet
washer or whatever stuff he uses but I
don't know where he keeps that stuff so
I can't find it so I'm gonna have to get
another one when I'm in town now going
to buy really long extension lead so
that we can literally put him where we
want a proper secure him in place
town is literally dead like well I
haven't got into Churchill Square yet
we're walking around the lanes so far
bleech me no one here guys lecture at
this literally in here this entire
section
it's just Zoey stuff that's crazy
shet this in the window as well it's
literally is already there I know this
may just be some parsnips and some Oh
God
okay we're at least we've got one we've
got some parsnips we're still on the
hunt for Brussels sprouts but oh my gosh
also I can't feel my face or my other
hand or anything because I've got so
many bags from presents that I'm gonna
accidentally leak where they're from if
I fill them so that's why I'm not
filming too much in town oh no so he
wants this specific you're nog we have
the other day and they ever got any left
whatever hasn't been done dropping
present why's today anything that I've
forgotten which hopefully and don't
think is anything will be forgotten the
only thing I haven't got is sprouts
this your log dessert that Zoe wants and
sourdough bread but I'm gonna try and
get that home I'm gonna go to another
M&S that'd be the third supermarket
today
just arrived at the third supermarket of
today hopefully hopefully they have what
I need in here where are these sprouty
boys at sprout ease disparities
shut up oh that's open it's open
there is some in there I don't even know
if I'm allowed to take these but I don't
care
there's one
oh yes that is what I'm talking about
damn it Christmas Yuletide log sold out
please cost one pound fifty which
probably means I spent more on petrol
get in here then actually when I was in
the shop but it's worth it you can't
have a Christmas without brush some
stuff and I know some people don't like
them but they're part of the Christmas
dinner evidently because they've been
sold out everywhere they must like when
I was growing up it was it was a popular
thing not to like sprouts that must have
changed a lot in the last like 10 or 15
years that bloody sold out everywhere in
an attempt to be slightly more healthy
even though less yeah that's just not
like got myself a burger a popular all
out bad guys call like onion deep fried
onion and s yeah got the right one
attempting to be healthy I decided to
not have any chips that's my attempt to
be healthy it's like half past two in
the morning I've just been playing for
tonight battle royale for the last hour
and a half with Morgan and che but the
reason why I haven't filmed this evening
is Owen I plan to go over and have
drinks and some nibbles from a couple of
the neighbors who live near us so he was
as you know super old today so she she
didn't manage to come along tonight she
just slept instead but that's such a
lovely time there's really really nice
obviously I didn't want to film it just
hanging out with the neighbours so I'm
sure you understand
technically it's Christmas Eve right now
it's a Christmas Eve since a Christmas
Eve it's 2:00 a.m. I'm gonna head to bed
get some sleep
got my water bottle if you've enjoyed
the vlog give it a thumbs up if you
liked the big Santa smash the video a
thumbs up guys let's see how many we
could possibly get for the four meter or
four and a half mr. giant Santa tomorrow
I'm gonna put him up properly we need to
give him a name comment down below a
name for him tomorrow I'm gonna show you
the family I'm gonna Surprise them I'll
catch you in the morning guys good night
