Hey look one how you doing should we go
and get you a treat coming it come on
then cover them oh sit down there we go
oh it's gone already
what's it gon give morning guys good
morning how you doing I don't know I'm
say morning because it is definitely not
the morning I woke up today feeling like
doing this wait let me prepare myself
that's what I felt like doing today I
didn't know oh no again jumped on by a
dog is that umm okay apparently this is
this is the thing now I woke up this
morning feeling more ill than I have
over the past two days in the past few
days I felt pretty damn ill I thought I
was gonna have to take another day off
of vlogging well I basically did it's
like 6:00 p.m. and I'm just starting the
vlog but look at she's literally not
asleep on me but it's better to start
late then never start did I just make up
a new quote anyways we're still gonna
get up to a load of fun stuff I've got
some fun things planned no I'm gonna
have to jump up make come on mate jump
up we are about to head off to go and
play bingo Zoe's never Mockbee ever been
before
never you've never been before no that's
not I'm so excited
Zoe's also never been before though I'm
coming yet yes you are I really want to
wrap marks presents and I need to edit a
video or have a nap sorry bingo or
wrapping presents or look at his wrap
presents off to it's good shit oh come
on you know obviously by mine foggers oh
come on it was so fun it's just all
about the atmosphere I was like in half
his life no you're not know much you
know everyone there's about 92 and
doesn't speak because I take it very
very seriously
Marisa crying no they're not it's so
Christmasy there yes I hope it is
actually she Christmas it's Jenna right
I'm getting a jacket on because I'm
definitely go in mark is definitely
coming we're trying to persuade Zoey to
come but she's never been to play bingo
before so she doesn't know what she's
missing out on Zoey
if you had been before if you had been
before
oh you would love it here we go oh this
way mark everyone signed up with water
to get was it last time you came yeah
but that was last on Jessi game
she won 200 pounds I'm gonna be really
disappointed if I don't I mean I
wouldn't get your hopes up but hopefully
bringing bringing Jess's like the lucky
charm
feeling like she was better oh yeah just
let's split me and you leave us with
follow Holly Holly's good Molly's gonna
get it right the front T through yeah
that's fine I had the youngest ones here
by 50 about 50 or 60 years just been
told I'm not allowed to film in here
well halfway through I've been told I'm
not allowed to film what the bingo is
happening but then they must have seen
my last video
and you just order some haha some kind
of chicken they've got the three
different kinds of chicken going on some
chips and then of course got some cheesy
chips come in how much money have you
won so far still how much money everyone
that's it I'm wearing is about six
million you are zero you've lost money
you spent money on gems we finished yeah
explain about the lady oh my gosh right
let me explain right you explain about
the lady so there was one thing you got
like one ticket and you had to get like
a full house on this one ticket plating
game the 40 under 40 course but you play
ten games normal you can win up to 100
or 200 quid yeah so this one ticket use
a special games like a special game you
can win up to 20,000 pounds if you get
full house in under under for two cores
and if it's under 50 calls you at 750
pounds and if it's over like yeah 100
quid so this little lady that was just
that on her own so cute so she was like
yeah and then the woman would um okay
yeah full house and he did it under 40
you've won 20,000 pounds and everyone
was just like she was by herself as well
I was crying
didn't even cry I was pool shot yeah
she's chopped
oh my gosh and then you sat down she's
got like white and then she was like
uh-uh worried about getting that like
how she's gonna get the bus home with
20,000 pounds give it to her yeah we're
Bank I think it's up to 500 pounds you
get cashew this over that they've bank
transfer another she was like legit
thought she was gonna take 20,000 pounds
that's fuck that more than people win on
like TV game shows like that's a lot
when T southeast not far away and they
went up on the stage with a big check
and then it gave a champagne yeah
only gosh imagine ring in life yeah
magic meaning a family be like you know
you this silly little bingo that I do on
a Thursday night I just won 25 I love it
it's crazy she's gonna have the best
Christmas ever so good so I think it was
very very fun how much money did you
wins I zero mark zero and i10 how much
for the tickets where it's 24 pounds for
all of us all five of us do that there's
really not too bad so I think it was
like six pounds each of four pounds each
that I don't know and fairly done it the
beer is cheap here the bruising is cheap
the banter from us was great
the vanta from them they're like very
very serious very serious yeah
I just find it so antisocial Lisbon but
you could win to any gun ice two seconds
will drag 2,000 pounds though yeah
imagine not chatting for now what well
that woman didn't even go with any
friends she was in it to win it we're
gonna head home no guys yeah see you
later man goodbye oh did I hear a doggy
barking no I hear a little girl barking
hello hello hello baby
gone in 3 2 1 go go go go go go go go
see here is the other day in Edinburgh
yes what I want more what what a minute
you want why is there and please can
somebody comment this down below why do
you always feel more rundown when I'm
ill I've always worst in the morning and
the evening and because you're tired
maybe that's true that's my thumbnail
thank you guys no I can't do that yeah
of course I'm he's always saying I can't
but in the last name haha but these guys
are all gonna be commented on her wishes
are we laughing for that in because
they're watching this band you wouldn't
have let them see the last bit firstly
guys
things I don't care about being on the
Internet gonna be one I just pulled I do
care about the other day when were in
Edinburgh we went into a don't view
member I think I made yes you do I made
it yes you do Sean and I were dragged
around every single shop for poppy and
Zoe you can ever imagine
so it's my turn to choose a shop and I
chose like a kid's toy institute for
gadget shop let me put you down there
this this is what I bought I did show it
in my video a mega bounce XL don't know
what that actually is 2.5 1 meters
across a meter is like that big so 2
meters 0.5 a bloomin big bouncy ball
like I don't know what we're going to do
with that but surely the pump surely the
possibilities are just endless two
meters that's taller than me wow that's
water than me I'm only like 1.85 I think
this is gonna be sick that is the most
annoying noise ever
oh this one back in
magic pop and that's one worried about
when the thing said the biggest bouncy
ball 2.5 was it say is it diameter
circumference are those all the way
around
Oh trying to make me think it's 2.5
meters big this is basically you know
they've just sold me a gym ball yeah
they basically told me a gym ball I mean
is a bouncer Jimbo always cool all you
have to do is you have to stay still
your arms and if to let me throw it at
your face you know do that help oh it's
scary I laugh I'm scared it is the side
of your face no gone you wanna break
your nose you were even haha go is
happier than what you think is actually
quite heavy Joe consumer yeah give me a
pop yeah
you think of all you want to sit on your
past don't jump with it I'm scared it's
gonna pop mark paper bomb don't know not
know my honors you wouldn't just that is
all your weight on it no mark I don't I
con I can't mark okay that's enough I
don't like this one is a vice I think ah
come in even funny watching this like
you guys were that it it's really thin
rubber that's why it bounces so much
nice so scare now Lord shout Nullah what
we doing my life why did I spend twenty
quid on their shot are ya oh my goodness
oh that looks fun I want to do the roll
what if I die I mean ma you live he
literally slammed into the door nice
he's dangerous the don't mind the sorry
your turn it's natural my dear but
waiting to the door wait the door Zoe do
you not feel like that's gonna pop are
you serious Zoe Zoe and I got your
present you have to close your eyes and
open your mouth no you have to you know
it from Wagga Mama's which is a good
restaurant therefore it's not gonna
poison you let me just quickly get out
yeah like it anymore ah no come on trust
me
it's delicious I would eat it myself
would you eat it so it yeah there we go
it's just that I'm knowing that's the
only fear you know it's good quality
food I know looking promise I miss a tea
stained egg ah tea stained egg turq
ah geez you old odds but my mouth
they sell tea stayed eggs for one pounds
at Wagga mothers hey I don't know I'm
guessing with a drink tea teas in the
drain wet inside talk about Michelle
nice oh my god
for it away put it put it back in there
yeah my baby see in the morning alright
we ended up falling asleep on the sofa
we ended up watching two episodes of the
new series I think its new anyway I'm
like still half asleep whilst I'm saying
this is by the same people who made
making a murderer and they've made eight
new episodes of a new series it's really
really good
I'm just thinking back of Mark sliding
on the bouncy ball and hitting into the
door oh my gosh if you enjoyed that guys
give it a thumbs up
I'm gonna catch you tomorrow hopefully
I'm feeling a little bit better focus
for the last three or four days and you
can tell what my voice now I haven't
haven't been fit into great I'll catch
you in the morning thank you so much for
everything you do for me I love you guys
so much and I'll see you tomorrow
