Zoe's had some bananas on the side in
the kitchen for the last seven days
telling me that she's going to make a
banana bread and I keep on telling her
that she needs to throw them away
today is day seven this is what they
currently look like but this actual mold
on them so are we keeping these can I
throw them away you want to throw them
away okay you think they're past your
life I don't think anyone would eat a
loaf with those bananas they're
literally like misshapen and moldy like
braces in for those of you asking let's
go with Melba shorten pots popping into
hi GG r GG oh yes we got a table before
I sit down look at these oh my gosh I
just want all of them
oh my gosh
this is what happens when you see in
front of the window great angle I've got
a smoothie that you can't see look at
this
this looks incredible just cover up
poppy insurance oh and that's it
I can't really speak on so fill up my
stomach but not even fill up with food
fill up with drink I've got three
glasses of water a latte and a massive
acai smoothie it's a soy acai acai acai
acai or is it a sigh Yee zombie boy hey
some people like no me I think says acai
bowl ladies it's smoochy smoochy I saw
you smoochy yeah oh I would even say
good morning good morning guys how you
doing last night was a lot of fun I
didn't end up filming much of yesterday
so what I thought I'd do instead of
uploading a really really short vlog is
you saw there was no video yesterday is
I'm going to attach it in now so you
know Tom runs the Creator store he got
these made right where's which ones my
team is Alfie Christmas hats
I mean it's crazy what we finish each
other's sandwiches so much like me jinx
again organization everyone just made
some in icing frozen
I hope you enjoyed that that was just a
little snippet of stuff I did film as
you can tell I'm so bummed up at the
moment I don't feel very well I'm not
feeling too well today that's why didn't
really feel much yesterday are we going
for a walking on the beach then we'll go
for a beach walk yeah to give us some
energy for a prayer or think they must
so good to everything everyone wanted a
Shawn sing it's fun
how's that that was it Oh Ellen I was on
Berman oh you saw a white girl not like
very much
grumpy for be back in the blogs making
an appearance here we go
Shaun the Sheep and grumpy papi it's so
cold the weather is loved oh my gosh
look at this dog this dog is so cute
didn't like me oh just after I said he
was Sookie when my leg try to get me
there are so many cute dogs here and
moms looking after Nala at the moment
I wish knowledge is so much zone is
going to go hit neither up from bums and
me Maddy Shawna pop you've jumped in the
car and poppy which poppy drive in oh
nice she's good Poppy's come up with an
idea this was not me I know I like to
know what we're going Camry on go ahead
just end this right now
Poppy's come up with an idea I which is
not my idea but I'm fully up for it I'm
gonna get some sushi sushi days is back
time to get some sushi
I'm so excited although I'm still
genuinely full up from breakfast so I
don't know how much I can eat where is
the salmon front roll this is the one
thank you very much have a lovely day
the last clip I filmed in this blog was
when we were in waitress buying sushi
and that was like that was like six
hours ago I've just filmed I can't tell
you anything today I believe I am
allowed to tell you on Friday what the
special videos for it was me and Sean
doing a I'm not going to tell you
basically Sean I just filmed a special
video took like four or five hours to
film I'm really happy with this are you
excited yeah I can tell you about you on
Friday but it did mean that we missed
out on a chunk of today's daily vlog but
it's going to right there it's going to
be fun just gonna be a lot of fun and
we're back home now and now getting
crazy
I look what's on this is Mitch what he
said you wanted to watch home alone is
Mark here he's no yeah yes he is yes I
saw him in your face time mark is here I
saw him in your face time where I saw
him I'm gonna go and find him he's
hiding somewhere hey I just heard him
where is a where is he hey you having a
poo mark hello hey are you doing good
how are you sorry said you went here
really yeah she lied I'm here she said
you idea I was like yes it's the new
movie trailer the Dunkirk has just come
out and this one is actually hasn't
actually got re stars Annette so we're
all gonna open it we are all waiting
around and watching it yeah there he is
that's FBI guys him hmm you can justify
I can tell from his hand yeah I bet it's
gonna be savage acting we just don't
know yeah
you can talk to you see it from here
what what is it all I was gonna say all
I wanted was hurry to say something
surely they have to release knowledge I
know of him speaking I feel worse
scary knowledge than I do scary on stage
like this I know I'm so sorry look good
boy get glasses shame he's been to an
optician it's like oh yeah but you've
been asleep for so long oh I don't know
we're trying to go for maybe one of
these ones these are quite get the punch
ones mmm that's really good does anyone
want their dinner
he was watching what what are you doing
with your leg you should see how long it
looks in this video get it that straight
like I'm trying to get my leg straight
right now
no that join your dinner she does not
eat quinoa coming then let's go get your
dinner ignore those guys they're being
idiots
wait nicely gonna get gap gone and I
didn't even get to finish because she
was that slight your way just checking
you're right you're right mate you're
right Galloway can't possibly almost
I'm going to show each person
individually and they cannot laugh yeah
quite show the camera first no no I'm
going to show the camera at the end okay
okay mark try not to laugh challenge to
number one on this channel has got six
million views or something it does in a
daily vlog we did it once
no smoke in already laughing I know I
could I loved all the time I saw
something up saying okay look at it
properly is it it's gonna be so stupid
isn't it how is it no I laughed up
already you ready no smell I just see
this is bullying nice that is bullying
what they done to my hair what what has
happened to my hair oh no excuse me copy
was like so the reason why your hair
looks so bad is because all these people
who go to go visit us play with your
hair and messing about and stuff so I
miss my hair's like flat hold over okay
we should all go soon I want to see it
and why do you have one lift up like it
wonderful you're doing your right leg no
it's just the angle wait I've got one
let me say that's even funnier that's
even funnier I find it is a bit a bit
more we're not laughing at Madame
Tussauds we're laughing no we're not
we're laughing at our hair on the wax
figures
it's because people can do whatever they
won oh I've seen my before like crazy
spiked up from where people have gone in
and messed it up please don't go in and
start doing that I know everyone's gotta
get this and don't laugh that's so bad
sting poppies just farted so bad Oh
poppy that's like no even finally that's
really bad guy sale hammers yeah brother
spat for dinner that was all the fizzy
drinks you drop I just care like a
bomber one way did you only have one
Brussels sprout and that just came out
your bum right we've all sat down to
play Monopoly which I haven't played I
don't think I've played this in nothing
yes Christmas yeah and this is one of my
favourite games
mock's never ever play Monopoly before I
wanna go yeah how have you never played
this before just never Mehnaz he's
serious this is like here is this the
Brighton one yeah this is the Brighton
edition what bit obvious when it says
are that big there everyone roll one die
and whoever gets the highest number goes
fast go mark yo go Oh things we just
roll one yeah one goes are you're done
for 3 500 11 that's 140 if I will buy
that please you're watching the TV
Nullah was Bobby Hugo hey it looks like
you're like squishing her head she's so
calm Oh
get your butt in jail boy 3 2 1 it's
your go pop I've got four houses on each
of the Reds March got one house in each
of each of his yellows the whole of this
side of the board is like death
allez here we go I'm currently here I
don't want to land on any of this money
oh my god I missed it
ah oh and there's nothing in the middle
the one time I land on their Hey look
it's ridiculous
oh come on come on lad on the red get 11
get 11800 are we doing I say demolishing
on seven eight like this why I thought I
gave rise this one here okay
knee right knee road yeah I'm reaching
otherwise how much money got or ones
boys got one bag you've been stealing my
day on my life and because I didn't
spend it all on hotels oh my that's why
I'm saving on mine because I've saved
some bang give me that 95.7 eight
honestly I swear my life aren't she how
is he got 900 and a 500 sitting there no
more do you know how you sit next to
this my snake if he plays with his nose
on the boards goes 900 925 where are you
going thanks Jer
what did you say dear drive no Queens
Road what with the new roast numbers
George Street police no you're not
now you know let me say no does it
actually say that advance to George
Street home if you pass go collect 200
didn't even pass guys the game is over
congratulations now I've got 9 hotels
Zoe's got five houses left on a pink set
but nobody's got any anything to be able
to make any money back so you smashed it
i won did you enjoy your first game
judge you liked it
everyone else has gone to bed it's just
me my laptop and Nala left up
you know earlier on I said that Shawn
and I filmed a video today I'm going to
stay up now and edit that video so I'm
going to end the vlog down here guys
thank you so much for watching today I
know it's been a little bit all over the
place because we missed a chunk out of
the day to film this video that my about
to edit
you're going to find out more about it
soon I think I'm allowed to tell you on
Friday so I'll see you tomorrow morning
thank you so much for everything you do
every single day like it's just
unbelievable I do notice all the love I
do notice all the thumbs up all the new
subscribers all the tweets everything
like that thank you so much as usual go
down below and give this video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and I'll see you in
the morning guys goodnight
