think I can go to town like this No
why not I think you look silly why do I
look silly
I'm just being on it I mean you think I
forget I'm like this except from the
jingling socks then I think so do you
honestly think I can't cuz I'm gonna
wife you covey then it doesn't matter
what I think
are you ready to I look like hey I've
got a full camo tracksuit on it's very
bold yeah what's wrong with that this is
gonna be nobody in town it's a Monday
look at my outfit everybody I just think
you look like you're going to psych I
look like an grad snowboarding yeah
you've got you the going snowboarding or
but what's wrong with that what's wrong
with the snowboarding look I feel like
this is like someone who I would find
very intimidating oh I don't want to
seem intimidating you know I mean I just
had my breakfast had a portion of quinoa
for two and a salmon fill it and of
course the cheetah protein shake
Sean and I hit the gym this morning it
looks something like this
and now it's time for me to go to town
I'm so excited for all my Advent
presents that you've got to catch up on
what do you mean Zoey is being so
horrible today your insight first you
say you don't like my outfit second you
say that you don't like you have their
presence when I don't like them there's
no I said at all I just what I'm really
oh let me see under your ho day lift it
up what have you got under there is that
the copper tea shop I bought you for the
admin present I know you haven't worn
that one yet oh yeah okay don't worry
then why what copper t-shirt what
property sure see this is why I don't
buy any other presents excuse any move
what they are only given me like four so
far no right
I'm socks good you're wearing yeah which
you haven't used you haven't used a
clock you haven't use your egg and you
haven't worn your copper t-shirt how
long my socks though one hour for the 12
now I've given you more than four gave
you gave you a book I gave you a puzzle
you can't give me a puzzle yes I did
give you a Christmas puzzle Reagan a
1000 piece Christmas puzzle oh yeah you
did that's true
see I get there's so much more than what
you think you're sick so much more than
what you think I'll bet it more we've
just forgotten that's literally it we're
going to break up in a minute from
arguing over this bloomin I've been
Canada right I need to put my braces in
I've been getting bad at wearing these
recently I need to put them in all my
comments on every video every Instagram
everything is about me where my braces
and I keep on forgetting to wear them
neither what are you doing little one
are you sleepy as always you the
sleepiest dog in the world you just have
the best life don't you all you do all
you do is sleep
let's go for a little run do you just
sleep all day all day and all night
I'm gonna get ready and I'm gonna wear
this ridiculous outfit to town because
do you know why I don't care what I know
now think so
I'm going to wear it because it's nice
and cozy it's nice and warm and the day
is not nice and cozy and not nice and
warm because the weather looks like this
rainy and horrible I'm doing it I'm
doing it guys I'm going out in this
outfit
it is raining so bad I feel like I
should have bought a coat with me I
still could go back now I regret not
bringing a coat what was I thinking
why did you let me not bring a coat
she's such an idiot look at me just how
to quit let's see if there's any new
better camera equipment I can use to
make these videos even better there's
not with fully up-to-date we've got the
best of the best the other day I used to
shopping this for the very first time
and it was incredibly successful
surprise surprise I didn't forget
anything I needed to buy which is what I
normally end up doing so today I made
myself a little shopping list along with
Zoe step number one thank you so much
number one we need to pop into here get
some protein powder I don't if I told
you guys before not Zoe and I are
throwing as out the Christmas party
tomorrow evening everyone that we work
with so like our pas or managers just
people that we work really really
closely we have certain buying some
wrapping paper to wrap up all of their
Christmas presents just come into
Corey's slash PC world and I found these
two which is like a gorilla pod like a
small one with the flexible top there
and then I've also found this which
looks like a cheaper knockoff version
but I think it it's a bit thinner so it
might also be good I might buy them both
and see what we think because at the
moment I'm using one of these which is
amazing like I absolutely love it but
it's just not very long like they're
quite short I don't know I'm going to
buy the boat before soo happens just
thought I'd let you know a girl just
came up to me and asked me for some
wrist bands
and they gave her a yellow one which is
the rarest one so somebody as of today
officially has a yellow wristband out
there in the world the manager in this
place here in Brighton the burrito place
is an absolute legend every time we go
in there's our alpha man how you doing
then I go to pay nice I don't worry
about it I got you and just gives it to
me for free so everybody I urge you go
to tor tiller
the burrito place in town they're
amazing and the guy in there is just a
legend so go say hi to him it is raining
so much you know when I said I could be
bothered to get a coat I definitely
should have been bothered to get a coat
super super productive time in town
everybody
I got wrapping paper that I needed I got
protein shake for myself and for Shawn
that I needed I got new tripod things to
hold my vlogging camera that I didn't
need but I wanted and it's hopefully
gonna make this videos even better I've
sorted out fully sorted out Shawn and
Poppy's Christmas presents when I super
done what else have I got
Oh Secret Santa I bought are you only
meant to get one once you could sounds
present but I saw two things that I
thought were great so I kind of bought
two Secret Santa presents I'm either
going to pick one to save on somebody
else as a Christmas present or just put
two forward on the table tomorrow I know
if I explained properly in M&S what
we're actually doing due to youtube Zoey
and I work closely with so many
different people our managers our pas
are managers managers or managers
managers managers Tom who runs the
creator store and does all my PB
merchandise and all of so glad
merchandise basically we've invited the
little team down that work with us we've
rented that room in a restaurant
tomorrow night and then we've also
booked something super super fun to do
afterwards and I'm so excited it's gonna
be a sick evening it's going to be so so
good quite a lot of people in town
commented on this you know on my attire
they're saying they liked it although
one person did actually say I look like
a snowboarder and I was like that is
exactly what I said
anyways guys I'm gonna drive home now
and I'll and I've seen a bit let's get
it
a large burrito bowl rice chicken guac
salsa cheese I think that's it looks and
smell it smells amazing the whole car
journey home this is all I could think
about I am going to destroy this whilst
editing my daily vlog that's what I'm
going to do need to edit the new daily
vlog you know I like to buy weird things
from my blogs the other day I bought six
cans and it arrived this morning six
cans of last sprayable snow I was going
to save them and use them for a video
but as always kind of getting a bit
carried away
sorry that's vandalism that's what that
is this no man well where's this body
this body on that's meant to be snow and
that's a snowman all right let me draw
the last one hate it look 401 K Oh Alfie
come on ice no dick a snowed egg oh I
need to go out now everybody here my
smoke excuse no why is that knock you
got a dick cute it went wonky I need to
go out I'm at you off to go and play
bingo which I've never ever played
before properly with Holly well don't
you know what to expect all I know is
that my friend Jessie won 200 pounds the
other day so I mean that excites me I
could possibly win 200 grid arriving at
bingo or that we are running late Holly
is not happy she hates it when people
are late and I think of the moment about
six minutes late guys I don't know if
I'm a member still I signed up like
three years ago Trevor we walked in once
I stormed up and then we left
can we shine up hello all Gert
officially a member
I've no idea what we're doing here never
been before I don't even have like to
film in here my lad filming here
wow wow it's quite big boy would you
like to go to the main hall real first
off I think we've made it just in
perfect timing
epic music yeah who knows there is a man
sitting up there be fancy up the jump
every side subway system 161 7 370 brain
553 3 4 that's 4
well I'll take somebody that one
likewise money weren't you
ok 14 lines in your last number 29 you
know behind you both thank you my lady
the mont popa 3501 I did win you're in
Berkeley I didn't open our we're going
to form our that's a lot of hot
outbreak now we were playing so far 1-0
pal
okay is to i everyone else often or your
competitors work as i'm doing a walking
around looking everywhere
oh I got you once I got frozen
this quickly 22,000 pounds so that prize
money I mean it's not a pie was faster
guarantee another 40.8 mistake the rest
I got the epic music back route to be
the chance to win 20 grand
Oh
here we go okay welcome back there
playing your boys is special to get in
just straight for most games don't be
sweating it particles gang up 115 pounds
remember calling 40 numbers election
tech master 20,000 pound calling fifth
capitalist and you'll take 1 s plus 750
now X on top of 110 the last games just
financial part yes and then people get
happy well folks us walking out I 1 0
that was fun though
Sarah's gone to the toilet so Holly's
trying to steal her food so that when
she gets back why don't you eat the
whole thing because then she'll just
yeah because if you eat all of one of
them she would think there was only ever
- we're going to put the camera down
I think that
guys I love my new shoes so much what do
you think of them in the comments by the
way guys
they're quite out there but I really
love them they also do them in black I
kind of told Zoe that I was just going
to go play bingo for an hour and I left
the house at 7 o'clock to get there for
7:30 and the time let's just say it's
definitely not an hour later I was just
just a little bit more than 1 hour
11 o'clock 7 o'clock I said I was ready
one hour guys
news just box o is my little doggy
wearing brought you back a pizza
hey hey mrs. Claus how you doing you
tired oh look at this
very pretty just going to bed guys I'm
going to end the vlog super quickly
because although it's not even 12
o'clock yet going to the gym at the
moment so early makes me absolutely
knackered so hope you've enjoyed the
video if you have give it a thumbs up
for my snow penis earlier subscribe if
you're not already I catch you in the
morning got the gym super early I just
set my alarm for like 20
what does 34 7 something I don't know
see the morning
good bye guys No oh my oh my I tell your
phone sideways so you can see we're
having our
