we'll have it off good morning guys good
morning you join us straight in the gym
today I say us because me and Sean Sean
and I up early on a Sunday 8:00 a.m.
kicking the gym in the buff
we've just on the shoulder workout so
now it hazards and skiing or sure on the
skin on this thing
and then we're going to do some ropes
and stuff maybe a little bit of this
take it short yeah the next one guys
really been fun
try to muscle up months on this issue
silver you're got higher back in the car
first thing protein shakes I'll cannot
talk in your at just smells amazing
I do actually really like that sound we
didn't really do
I suppose the rock oh no minute what's
happening the weather outside is my
play-doh up there there's what I don't
know lifeless the weather outside is
lively no the weather outside today a
lot can you even see a cloud
I actually gone I can't even say glad
it's so gloomy lovely today guys and
went around for idols life lively is
frightful that's it exactly yeah I think
so I don't know so just all those rulers
we were just about to leave when Sean's
come up with a funny plan what we're
gonna do we're gonna ring Leone and
basically say cuz your your train is not
here is he
so my train is away for two weeks that's
what I'm training without the train at
the moment so we're going to basically
Ringley and up and say have you got
John's number because he's pretty hench
at the moment and we need some advice
oh my gosh oh you've got brutally on
voicemail because apparently Leone sir
Mina no where is the knee come on you
might have shut it on why would he shut
it off I think he was in you had a big
journey last night
I know I've just arrived home but before
I get out the car can we talk about road
safety because I've just seen something
twice and it bugs me more I just don't
understand it whilst driving back from
the gym just then I've seen twice a
parent both tons of father just by
chance with their child cycling along
the road really happily which is so
lovely like get out on the weekend it's
a lovely day get on your bike's take
your kids out for a cycle teach them to
cycle along the road safety in the cycle
lanes love it both times the kids had
helmets on that is great you have to
have to have to have a helmet not
legally I don't think but for safety you
have two around there however both times
also the fathers weren't wearing a
helmet like I don't get it if you're
cycling
and you don't want to die or get a head
injury you have to wear a helmet
both of these parents have the thought
process in their head to think I don't
really want my child to get injured if
they were to get hit the last thing I
would want is my child to pass away so
I'm going to put a helmet on their head
so that this stays safe but what they're
not thinking about is how horrible that
would be if they got here and they got
injured or if they died for their child
they don't need to just protect the
children they need to protect themselves
for their children and for themselves
that's really really not fair for people
just right past they all have helmets on
good job guys
I definitely can't hear me even if you
think it's uncool or whatever it's
safety you should be wearing a helmet if
you're cycling your bike on the road and
especially if you're a parent because
you're teaching your children what's
right and what's wrong and even if you
put a helmet on their head but you don't
put one on your own head that's teaching
them a bad message from the get-go and
if you were to get hit and passed away
because you weren't wearing a helmet
that is so unfair on the kids who did
put a helmet on but you just chose not
anyways anyways you get what I'm saying
guys if you grant cycling please wear a
helmet is safety it's safety safety
safety you can't put a price on your
life how's your morning going
oh you know just owning a dog Nala this
morning decided to step in her own poop
no she didn't step in her own pee what
did she do she did a poo but she did
this thing which she doesn't really do
that often where she is cooing I'm like
walking around like I was going stop
knowledge just stop so now there's like
poo everywhere I also when we say
everywhere Nala is literally like a tiny
tiny part caboose like this big nice is
look at that us as I what you saying see
right now she's gonna run in it whilst
he and my breakfast slash lunch I kind
of fell asleep on the sofa watching the
good dinosaur we've got to leave in like
five minutes to go out I'm not going to
be late but whilst I was asleep
look we've got a missed call from and
you can't see from Leon yeah you're
doing my train has gone away for a
couple of weeks okay and so we were just
like thinking about like what things we
can do together cuz I'm training
Michonne a bit whilst he is away and
we're and we were both saying John
looked in such good shape I was
wondering if you've got his number if I
could bring him for any tips or advice
and what he's doing it the moment Jake
in recognizing you in vain and I we were
just about to leave to go outside and I
completely forgot to take some of these
with me in case I bump into you guys
always have to take them out with me
from now on
that phone call to Leon kind of failed
he's just too much of a nice person and
was genuinely like yeah of course I can
give you John's number he's too cute
right we're going out to meet up with my
dad to go grab a coffee / hot chocolate
alright we just got to Mum and dad's to
pick Dada mum I thought she can't come
ah sons of my's because she's got work
to do today but this is their tree
everybody
amazing they haven't got any decorations
on so far except from the two little
naked dancing people that we bought them
hey buzzy boy alone in the baby just
coming to your coffee shop is super
festive in here my decaf latte don't
worry no caffeine the most impressive
hot chocolate I will show you this she's
already demolished there that's got
coffee as well we just wait for food
look how amazing my lunch looks and
dad's look so good as well let me get it
hey got that ah alright now you have to
thank you you just sounded like a devil
right we just got back from lunch and
it's currently 10 minutes to 4:00 and
I've got to upload my vlog for 5 so I'm
an hour and 10 minutes to get it
uploaded and edited and processed
bloomin heck this is going to be a rush
whoa and then I've also got to straight
after I've got to I've got to edit the
new the new pointlessblog video which is
girlfriend verse sister number two so if
you haven't seen that and you're not
subscribed to my other YouTube channel
go check it out I'll leave a link down
below you know when I talk about the
reality of being a youtuber and what
it's really like and what it isn't just
the fun amazing happy times that you
guys see the majority of the time in
these videos that's what's going on
right now
I just went to edit the video that was
meant to go tonight yesterday for you
girl from verse sister number two and I
just can't find the footage anywhere I
saved it on my desktop that's the second
video Butler if I forward to right
towards the end I'll tell you what's
closer and then it cups that is it it
just cut off so there must be more
footage
somewhere that didn't save on to my
laptop and I'm searching everywhere I
possibly can for this footage because I
promised you guys this video will go up
tonight and I really wanted it to go up
so I've looked through these two SD
cards not there I've looked through
those four SD cards it's not on any of
them and I'm now just looking at the
last one and if it's not on here I
genuinely do not know I don't have a
clue where it could possibly be and it's
not on that one either
is there an SD card in any of these nope
oh my gosh it could be on that no no
please please if it's on here I swear I
am going to go crazy I don't know when
the camera cut out oh my god is here the
card just sucked out but we're back the
camera just cut out and we're back
I found the blooming footage the video
may have gone up late yesterday I'm sure
you can understand why you're watching
this video if you haven't already seen
it go check it out everybody go show it
some love in love
it is Zoe verse poppy who knows me
better number two I will leave a link
down below and it's going to be up it's
gonna be up other time you watch this
the new video is live I'm so happy that
I managed to get it up tonight it's a
hundred percent live link is down below
I know I've said it a lot of times it's
finally up Zoe's back home with Nala now
I'm about to go and grab myself some
dinner
I just also finished a live show whilst
it is uploading I thought I might as
well just jump on YouTube live because
because I have nothing else to do I'm
just sitting here waiting for my video
to go up and don't know what is going on
over here look at your both you like
slotted into each other what side is
your face is it this side hello hello
hello
makes me so sad more my feet are out the
end John me to tuck them in oh she is
spooning me gah right now your legs are
tucked in she looks so scared look at oh
my camera if you know that she's on her
back literally like what the hell is
going on
Oh baby you sleepy girl maybe I are on
earth I know she's already falling
asleep when I work out I get so much
more hungry like I let you want to eat
like five six meals a day
that's what I need to do but we just
don't have any food in our fridge at the
moment alright let's go pick up whoo
let's go pick up dinner I'm so hungry
you know you've got a good takeaway when
your passenger seat belt alarm starts
going off but your food is so heavy you
ready for your dinner you in there
you're alive
you are you asleep
we're watching the final of x-factor and
look how big my dinner is this is a
double chicken wrap
Zoey's got a massive dinner as well and
Nala still asleep
we've just received an incredibly
exciting video were yet to watch it
it's from the Young's you guys know the
Young's I shout at the mountain of log
we hung out with them in Scotland
they've got one little baby at the
moment cool River and she is so cute
I hit me I'm so tired my eyes aren't
open and they're pregnant in the moment
and they've just sent us a 21 second
video to let us know which gender to
happen no wait
she was sued early will have it uh no no
no oh my I tell your phone sideways so
you can see we're having our oh why
that's so cool i linkle wanna be I
cannot oh my god it's the goals I mean
I've always said and obviously when it
comes to we don't actually mind but if
we would ever if we could choose what
genders we'd want and how many kids and
everything what would we want we would
want a girl first 18 months later a boy
but nothing literally oh yeah because
that's what me and Joe are that's what
you and papi is I don't know this is
what we were used to obviously we don't
when it comes to their having a boy I'm
so excited for them yay oh my gosh
congratulations guys like them now I'll
tell only filmed the reaction he was
like I want to see your reaction so no
yeah I actually can't believe it I
thought they were going to have a little
girl so the same day that this video
that you're watching is going up
Daniel is uploading ever like the reveal
video or because he found out what
gender it was it was the baby what
gender that the baby is and Bethenny
didn't know so he throughout the day
pretended to reveal it but tricking her
and not actually telling her filming her
reactions so he also mean I to film a
video where we both went okay we're
gonna tell you the gender and she legit
thought we were gonna tell her the
gender of the her baby inside her
stomach and we went should we tell her
three two one and we both said opposite
genders so um position we didn't
actually know what it was that was a
real reaction now and that he showed out
the video earlier and filmed her
reaction to her thinking that we were
about to tell her what gender you're
gonna have to watch the video I'll link
it down below
um - up
they're having a little boy and they've
got a little girl they've got the dream
washer asleep i watch Romans new video
you should watch it isn't it blog yeah
he went to met and two little boys from
Make A Wish I flew out to go and meet
them so emotional like so sad really
no not sad so so happy I was gonna say
sad kazama's tears but it was not sorry
a hundred unhappy cry I didn't cry but I
was like tearful sometimes happy things
make me but if something's happy are
more likely to cry yeah you should see
this little boys faces he surprised my
competition you need to watch this video
I was watching it and he he bought know
her along with him so that Noah could
experience what is life and stuff um
getting the opportunity to meet people
whose lives he's changing the family
changing so much and like even know his
reaction he's just like so overwhelmed
like it's so insane that I guys go check
out that video as well is that your leg
no knowledge over there oh let's just
end the vlog now what's the time ten
minutes to eleven I'm gonna try and hit
the gym in the morning or though it's
not the weekend tomorrow's Monday which
means that there's going to be mad mad
traffic get into the gym that I go to
give the video a thumbs up because
you're just feeling like a nice person
that's why you're gonna do it now that
say goodnight Zuri say goodnight guys
we'll see you in the morning go check
out the new main Channel video as well
sup now goodnight healthy fear anyway
are you just still asleep is that the
problem
