7:30 on a Saturday morning and I'm
getting up to go to the gym flip it out
if this isn't dedication don't know what
is some B's feel really wicked
you just feel asleep is that the problem
why are you using my electric toothbrush
with no electric in it are you
sleepwalking Nala daddy's gone crazy
it's not daddy who is it oh my god the
start of your blog well I need to go
pick Sean up we're going straight off to
the gym what do you think of my new
long-sleeved t-shirt they know if to
wear except twice a day this or a vest
will you be back in time to come with
him back to Wilshire only goes with you
oh please is silly to keep me comfy on
the journey you silly
oh come on tinker sure where they
socially we're best thank you should
come with me
so where they saw best wear this I like
it the gym is so busy on a Saturday
mornings I have already done too much
but I promise you we are working out
they're all getting the Absinthe we
don't biceps and triceps today finish
off from little bit of apps and all good
good boys bro I've given my I said to
Alf I just gave myself a headache so I
feel like I didn't breathe through that
workout well they wouldn't have any
oxygen guys today was day one of using
my mammoth flask smoking a flask it's
like one of those things you put on top
of what bought machines in an office and
now just making are making our protein
shakes you know lads after the gym yet
Games blood get in those get hopefully
getting those games that's the aim this
is me this is me right now and this is
where I want to be I want my bicep to be
thicker than this that's the aim I'm
only gonna be happy when this is yeah
bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb bomb
obviously make sure that you've done it
up before you shake it over on the
inside of the nice car that guy's pretty
hench so today he's always driving back
up to where she was brought up near bath
but like a two and a half hour drive to
go and spend a couple of hours with her
friends doing a Secret Santa that they
do every year grabbing lunch together
and just hanging out and last night she
mentioned to me that she doesn't have
anything to take there any like festive
snacks or tweets or anything so on the
way home I'm just popping in to wait
throws now to add to grab hasn't stuck
boyfriend points
I mean whilst I'm here might get and
just just just a small bit a little bit
of sushi
they managed to get so much good stuff I
would show you and do a little shopping
haul but I've packed it all super neatly
into here I did also manage to get
myself some sushi as you saw but the
majority of it was all over stuff for
Zoey like Christmas chocolate selection
box chocolate chip biscuits
I haven't actually asked you guys how
you doing good morning guys good morning
what are you up to
it is Saturday for me it is Sunday for
you Robin Shh
right I'm going to do everything I
possibly can in fact no I'm not gonna
say I'm gonna do I am going to it's
happening 100% this is the new me it's
happening the day you're watching this
there's going to be a new video on my
pointlessblog youtube channel it's going
to be girlfriend versus sister number
two the first one got like 7 million
views papi
vs. Ari who knows me better so if you
haven't already link is down below go
check it out go show it some love
whoa I'm feeling so good today I'm
feeling so good it's still at least not
that early it's 10 minutes to 10 but 10
minutes to 10:00 on Saturday Nordy gone
to the gym and avoiding a food shopping
what are you doing oh I got you some
goodies to take these ones yeah thank
you gorgeous
oh I gonna love her chocolate chip
biscuits
feel the weight of this oh you bought
I'm sorry song no that's mine that's my
sushi another big selection box as well
perfect
I spent most of the day filming the end
of yesterday's daily vlog because if you
saw it you will know that I filmed it
today it was crazy it was so so good
just had a shower then play with toys
with Nala they're like literally all
over the house
haven't we have we've been playing Lots
she's like shut up that give me my
dinner okay alright wait good thank you
girl I'm really trying my best eat a lot
at the moment like and drink a lot as
well if you can't tell by the size of
this bottle and it's actually a lot
harder than what you think to eat a lot
of healthy food typically eating a lot
of burgers or chocolate or unhealthy
food would seem really really easy but
when you're trying to eat lots of
healthy food because I'm trying to put a
lot of weight on at the moment at the
gym but obviously I don't want to eat
like chocolate and stuff like that and
put on weight because that's not the way
I want to put on muscle not body fat
so I'm trying to really really up my
food intake every single day so I've
just ordered some food and it should be
arriving in the next like five or ten
minutes from like a gym takeaway chicken
really high protein sweet potato fries
kind of place it's called Lumberjacks
and that will be my third meal of the
day and that's hopefully before Zoe
arrives home from her friends and before
we have dinner together so today
hopefully I'm going to get in like four
or five meals if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog it's here it's this one
here
DIY crazy freak shakes look how insane
the milkshakes that I made were and just
as I'm talking about upping my healthy
food I realized that I haven't done my
admin calendar today and today is the
10th what have we got behind it a little
star weather I kind of can't eat it now
I'm going to put it back in just because
I got my braces in at the moment I've
been trying to sup and trying to decide
for the last like 20 minutes whether to
stay in and chill and have a nap or
whether to go out and hit the gym for
the second time today and I've kind of
come to the conclusion that there are no
excuses I tell everyone that if you want
something your life to get out there and
go and do it if you can't already tell
I'm quite tired at the moment that's why
I'm so chilled and I want to get in
better shape so I'm going to get my butt
out there and do it let's take you out
to the toilet before I go out come on
it's raining so much outside Nala is
hating air come up good girl coming in
alright I'll give you two treats for
being a good girl oh look how wet you
are I'm going to turn the Christmas tree
lights off whilst I'm out because it
isn't it meant to be dangerous to leave
those kind of lights on washed you out
the last thing I want is the house to go
up a fire with neither and that all
right you wait in here while study goes
to the gym I'll be back soon right
I even lost myself when I bought this
massive bottle to use in the gym but
I've already drank it twice like the
whole way through
got myself a thug life jumper on M&I Oh
Zoe's got the Range Rover we're gonna
have to go in my normal car this is
going to be strange
in a manual car I've just turned up at a
gym that I don't normally train at but I
thought I would just try training there
this evening and it's closed like its
legit closed and I just messaged my
friend who trains it below what the hell
why's it not open is 7:43 he's not
replying at the moment so I had a look
on their website on my phone and it
closes at 7:00 p.m.
what kind of gym closes at 7:00 p.m. on
a Saturday so do not to do because the
gym that I normally train is like half
an hour drive from here where's my
little doggy hello hey where you going
where you going where you going you
excited to see me you excited to see me
you just found your laptop it's safer
are you feeling way that's really
nothing oh he did like this game where's
the key no rickety you see man kobish
going upstairs
I'll say I don't like this game come on
what you're an idiot that's it like ten
minutes you to walk around now
the Dara nice trip yeah sorry tired I'm
really need a mother
this week on that's good eh
whoa why the Christmas tree lights not
on oh because I went out and I didn't
want them to start fire with Noah in the
room so turn them off how was your trip
really good yeah long not so driving Zoe
just drove two and a half hours away to
go and have lunch of all her friends and
then drove two and half hours back
actually you got in you got into you fit
it in to go to your grandma yeah and
your dad how are they yes we've just
turned on the TV and Louise performing
his new single
I need to watch them again like we need
to rewind where's my little doggie there
you are kill one she put you to bed
let's tuck you up into bed
you got your drink down there see in the
morning then they have had such a
relaxed evening moths as I fell asleep
on the sofa and I ended up watching
loads of TV and then tried to start
getting into because I never fully got
into it I mean I got what I mean I got
into it I really enjoyed it but I never
watched March of Game of Thrones
I only ever got halfway through season
two so I tried to just stop her so I
tried to carry on what challenges now Oh
lift my braces in the kitchen I tried to
carry on watching Game of Thrones now it
is one of those programs where there's
so much going on that you can't really
forget about this and a car numbers
exactly what episode I was on so I tried
to carry on watching from where thought
was but I couldn't really work out where
I left off and I couldn't remember
everything this happened sigh and then I
ended up falling asleep so I think it's
going to be something Zoe Arthur you're
going to try and scare me so I think
it's good enough to be a program that
carry on watching another day when I run
a more awake right I'm going to do my
teeth
get into bed put my braces in got I'm
going to the gym again this morning with
Shawn 8:00 a.m. so I need to get some
sleep is past midnight at the moment I
don't even know what I did today guys I
have no idea I felt like I've done a lot
but I don't play if you've enjoyed it
you know what to do good employ give me
a thumbs up subscribe join the pointless
gang if you're not already by
subscribing I'll catch you super early
tomorrow morning good night guys here
they are this is the finished products
we've got two
