here they are this is the finished
products we've got to know you sleepy
come on Shree get up I just come in to
take all mine Armour Fabia Sean stayed
over last night and we've ended up
spending this morning Christmas shopping
online for people yeah instead of going
to the gym early I mean still productive
but not it's nearly going to the channel
oh no I'm gonna go to the gym in a
minute
you come in no yes you are laughing ah
why not cuz the last time I it's a gym
you nearly broke with my back so I'm not
going that wasn't the gym that was the
trampoline Blaine I remember I was the
gym
and you nearly broke my back how cuz
you're like it is what gym you'll be all
right
that's not true that is a lie that is
alive I'm not bad yes you are no we'll
just do a circuit we'll do one quick
circuit and then leave we're gonna go
there
we're gonna do prime medicine ball of
the floor box jumps and put ups circuit
oh yeah just seen on Twitter that Zayn
and Taylor have done a song together
anyone else crazy excited there's a
trimmer favorite artists this would be
like if bloom in zoella and Mack Barbie
collabs
come on Tay let's go coming up in one of
these if you want okay do you have the
little things
looks good don't test my main calendar a
penguin it's a little pink oh you don't
want it that's even better
ah this is doc that's for Sean his fault
oh I can see Zoey left and the ten no
that's tomorrow you can't do you God do
that
see you later that's going to get a
hinge buy me some good Christmas
presents guys Sean and I halfway through
a circuit for four rounds 500 meter by
20 slam balls 20 squat and impresses and
then 40 wraps of medicine ball to either
side of you a look at my hair
last thing of the circuits forty
medicine bulls
Oh whoa I don't have the energy to even
do that guys that was good that's hard
isn't that hard and I'm going to get
home and eat we have not eaten anything
before that workout I like a blue my
fear there that was hard
we're just stopping off on the way back
to grab some juices some protein shakes
and to get the girls back home some
smoothies and juices and these are given
if an order haven't they they've given
us a list of things that they would like
so we're going to pick them all up some
stuff them all all in all two of them
hey Dan what we're going for
ginger yeah Zoey wanted one as well
almond milk with the Y spirulina and
protein that's the one we've got the
goods we got a lot lot of good yeah
all right we need to go poppy just rang
me whilst we were in there and said can
we pop over to oh can we pop then we pop
socket over salmon um check avocados we
need have a card or have a card or there
we go
Chuck hello mate how you doing you to go
I am I
you're awesome hey hey Wow look at ye
this is the dog that I won
no way did he see the sides of that time
cover there
oh that's for the card in this thing
I've ever seen in my life yeah imagine
just wrestling with it elope come here
you wouldn't even need a duvet but you
know when you're on the sofa you are
redoing a blanket it's cold you're just
like cuddle it look how dirty the new
car is from going away we just got home
what do you think of all the juices I
think all the juices look magnificent
Alfie that's great but not as
magnificent as my new gym bottle UNH
close your eyes on a film your reaction
I don't even share these guys keep them
close there you go it's like my own Jeep
on top of the machines that's really
water watch off when I'm in the gym
that's like a workout in itself yeah
just to hold that up that would take you
about six months to drink huge it's cool
isn't it cuz I drink so much water
whilst I'm in the gym Shawn guy little
shake pot or this one and then I got two
of these normal shake bottles I can't
even get on that run yeah who drinks
like that anyway why do people do this I
never understand why some people drink
like this why don't you just go I don't
know
anyways we're gonna make some breakfast
now gonna drink medusa's Shawn's
finished cooking up a masterpiece this
looks incredible
I got some salmon you have breakfast you
made that bear this is our dinner and
I'm yet to even film since breakfast
today has been one of the most stressful
days of my life so far
I know I haven't got changed and also
know I haven't showered it's going to
the gym yeah here we go
Oh soy sauce finished up all of our
sushi for dinner
earlier on we bought these shots as you
saw this is a tumeric shot and they're
now I never NIDA plans it is it tumeric
tumeric or tumeric in the shop the woman
said it differently
tumeric so just you might taste it just
do it
God taste it city just do the whole shop
I can't it slices short aquila get it
that is like Kelly um oh I did it
earlier on no our peas darling ever that
was so genius oh we like to dick them
for because poppy is our mate and when
we drink with poppy she danced it all in
eight seven six five four all about
three two one
sorry papi you're diluting it in your
mouth you're right
it's filiz cry just stop crying let's go
I feel like I'm automatically go oh haha
my eyeballs burning my mother is quite
good mom is quite nice all dressed up
because we are heading out to a street
party it's a random road that is having
a party and I think we're gonna you come
in I know come in she wants not come in
Poppy's go in my cousin easiest-going
I'm wearing my new merchandise more
swear money merchandise underneath this
you can't see but this is a white PB
t-shirt as well
and then afterwards this is stuck on the
lemon
yeah I'm talking about
and then after going to the street party
this is yours man oh thanks let me
borrow it
get those time-lapse tears young yeah
what was I saying what was I saying
after going to the street party I'm
going to drive up to as there pick up
some ingredients because tonight we're
doing an epic DIY I'm saying that as if
you don't already know you've probably
seen the title and the thumbnail of the
video tonight we're doing an epic
milkshake DIY Shawn and I the other day
we're different pictures of insane
milkshakes with like donuts and whipped
cream and chocolate bar sticking out of
them you're gonna do one yeah because
you November I bought that machine
upstairs tonight milkshake maker got a
machine upstairs that helps you make
milkshakes and that is the aim for
today's videos we're going to make some
epic milkshakes and we might even make
some Christmassy as well and just just
have some fun since my video went live a
couple of days a couple of days ago what
is wrong with me today I'm just - just
excited take seconds free since my video
went live a couple of hours ago all
about the new merchandise you would have
seen if you've seen yesterday's video
the new wristbands that have come out
some are much harder to get than others
there's like a basically when you order
one you don't know what color you're
going to get some colors are way harder
to get and more rare than others every
single time I leave the house for now
from this very second
I'm going to take a load with me if I
bump into one of you and you ask me for
one not if I just bump into you you have
to ask me forward you can't ask me for a
second color ask me for a wristband and
I'll give you one so from now on this is
another thing to remember every single
time I leave the house normally I'm like
mobile keys camera wallet now wallet
here and wristbands I'm going to pop out
now little one you've been so sleepy
today haven't you Jonah say hello to the
blog
alright see you in a bit good luck film
in doing a raffle pick three each that's
good cuz I actually donated to this
store one to your box you won yeah you
won your own bottle well I didn't side
one coming Dental 72 than the loser -
339 last one 5 or 0 oh you won lose them
come on Dixie yes we won this one what
is pop exotic I am a pop exactly what
you've won I miss me up quite nicely
thank you found the cake store these art
dissipates but they look very obvious to
participate oh I thought that cling film
over the top it's glitter which of the
metallics amazing oh yeah okay tonight
engine buzz are you sucking on your
monkey
why are you chewing that while sleeping
slit you Lucky's teeth in oh is
literally asleep I don't see what he
does forget to touch it good boy fuzzy
boy we got no soda greatest job so there
we go
I give up I I need yours today buddy how
busy boy you kiss give me kiss
today at the street party we met the
cutest pug in the entire world like egg
yang
he's called egg he's good egg the Pug
and I just want a pug another pug on a
fawn POG white pug more than I've ever
wanted my one in my life he looks like a
boiled egg guys he does not like him his
wrinkles were so cute wasn't he such a
key pug no he was nice and he sat in his
little basket yeah he sat in a basket so
well-behaved and just chilled he was so
calm we need head off I need to go to
Asda also be confused where I am we just
left the street party getting to mom and
dad's I would have feel more at the
street party but it wasn't really much
to film it's actually quite quite street
party I thought it was going to be like
a big thing with bouncy castles hot dogs
food definitely it wasn't it was like a
really small little quiet street party
right let's go get some food let's not
food not food we don't need through a
HUD dinner I get so excited in these
vlogs that I just mess up what I'm
saying and I just can't speak what I
meant to say was let's go get some stuff
to make some epic milkshakes in fact
what I was just ow
but let me never hurt my finger my
cousin just told me what they're
actually called they're not called epic
milkshakes they're called hello
what were those milkshakes go they're
not epic milkshakes what are they freak
a freak shakes that's the one I keep on
forgetting hey 99 freak freak shake
thank you so much see you later
a freak shake that's what it's called
not an edit milkshake it's got an actual
name let's go go let's go good go go go
if also I should just point out that you
know I brought like eight of the new
wristbands out with me already gone
giving them all out already sixteen
sleeps before Christmas sixteen guys not
long so I'm just gonna throw it out
there and say that I think the first you
know what I'm like guys I don't know any
of this stuff I'm just making it up as I
go along I feel like the first
ingredient I need for milkshakes
wouldn't be milk no it's not milk it's
ice cream I need to I need to pick one
of these ice cream which ones can do the
best flavor I want to get a couple I
want to go of course just a plain
vanilla and then I also want to try and
get a special one maybe like a chocolate
or something Yeoh Valley vanilla that I
think that looks like the one it looks
nicer than any of these ones that that's
the one chocolate brownies salted carrot
chocolate brownie salted bloomin caramel
get in my mouth everyone's probably
watching me around here then what the
bloomin hell is that kid doing do you
know I'm doing if everyone wasn't
looking before they're definitely now
and again this is the aisle that I need
chocolate and sweets this area seems the
section to be all the cream goods or the
cakes might have to get a selection of
these
it seems like it's been one minute since
the last clip that in reality it's one
minute past 1:00 in the morning
i sat down to read some YouTube comments
ended up watching a couple of videos and
now somehow it's 1:00 a.m. but I did
promise you and I do want to make these
free shakes look at all the goods that
are bought so what I'm going to do is
get up super early tomorrow I'm going to
get up at 7 a.m. go straight to the gym
get my workout all done and over
come back here and make these free
shakes for you in today's vlog insert it
after this clip but if I were to make
them now I would wait so we are waiting
all over I wouldn't probably want to eat
it because it'll keep me up all night
let's do it when I get back from the gym
tomorrow morning so I'm going to leave
the vlog here right now and I'll see you
in the morning
good night guys we are back back with
the DIY it is the next day I'm feeling
so good I just got back from the gym
this is what I bought to make these
freak shakes possible I don't even know
if it's the right thing I ordered online
thinking it was a milkshake maker but it
kind of doesn't say that it is and that
definitely is not a milkshake
so do ideas might be a fail today I
don't think it is I just don't I'm just
not feeling much today it's going to be
a fail the only thing is whatever clue
how to use this thing what even does
instructions
no thank you so this is what we've got
for my money I think it cost me like 20
pounds 30 pounds then you stick it on
there like that what you doing there
over there we're going to start off by
scooping tons of this I'm pretty sure
this is all we do is basically look into
here I'm talking a lot that's like
that's like nearly half of the pot I
just used I don't really know what I'm
doing right we're going to add some milk
in I don't know how to film this but
look that looks good that looks amazing
I think it's actually working this is
the glass we're going to use I'm going
to drizzle some honey around the inside
just to make it taste extra good there
we go
now we're going to pour the milkshake in
we don't want it all the way to the top
gitmo come on there we go letting you
can see the honey that looks sick this
is what we need next chocolate flavored
thick whipped cream and we're just gonna
feel this yah we're gonna get an
incredibly thick straw because that's
what you're going to use to drink it
straight through the middle basically if
you don't know a free trick is it's like
a freakishly ridiculously over-the-top
milkshake and that is what we're making
today gonna put some dough nuts some
donuts down the straw oh my god a good
old Cardy whirly we're going to break it
in half
Oh a little bit salty both not we're
going to just wedge that bit in just
sticking out like that maybe even we're
just going to do it see what happens
a waffle Oh like look at that honey
vanilla chocolate that is in sane and
then you drink from here imagine if you
could buy that in the shop I want to
drink it so bad should we try it should
we try it promise you ridiculously good
and then once you finish your drink you
get to eat all of that let's make
another one
but I wish Zoe was here or someone was
here to try these with me salted caramel
chocolate cookie I think chocolate
brownie salted caramel oh right not not
even exactly when I say this I just used
half a tub like half that tub
going straight in for the normal whipped
cream and round the inside just going to
spray some little random bits in now
we're going to pour this in top it up
with some more whipped cream just a
little bit not as much this time just go
to the top look at that that looks
incredible we're going to throw in a
hole for a Roche just to sit on the top
like that oh when you destroy otherwise
how else do you expect to drink this
ever goes strong like that pulling out
all the stops we're going to get a big
donut
whack that over the edge we want it
leaning to the side we're going to get
one of Zoe's giant marshmallows tuck
that in fill in the cracks with whipped
cream just to glue it together you know
get a proper retro sweet a drumstick a
drumstick smash the video of a like if
you remember these lollies we're just
gonna what you're going to whack that in
the side there good old drumstick maybe
even just a cheeky Twix in the other
side gonna pop that one in I think we
are finished these have turned out so
much better than what I honestly even
thought they were going to and I haven't
even probably tried them yet here they
are this is the finished products we've
got to I'm not going to bother making
three because this is literally just me
by myself at home and I want to eat most
of these so bad whoa that is incredible
why have I not done this before right if
you enjoyed the video guys I'm going to
end in here this is probably the longest
daily vlog I've ever done if you enjoyed
the freak shape if you're gonna make one
yourself tweet me a picture smash this
video let's get this my most thumbs up
DIY I've ever done
DIY days is back I also want to make a
solid giant like massive chocolate Santa
or
dear or something like that so let me
know if you want to see that I will see
you tomorrow with a brand new daily vlog
subscribe if you're not already good
night guys
so there is eight different why did I
just do that I'm gonna regret that so
much
