that's dudes a bit of an idiot good
morning guys how you doing now last time
we were at the summer party I woke up in
the morning
pretty damn hungover and yeah it wasn't
good it was not good this time after the
last night's Christmas party where I
purposely didn't drink much from 7 p.m.
and onwards all my lenses a bit dirty I
only drank water so today it's not even
9 o'clock yet it's before 9 o'clock
exactly I'm up so early
fully dressed feel it all fresh or good
and we've even all Zoe what's happened
when they're watching this I'm going to
cut to future Alfie right now because
today is the day that you guys have all
been waiting for I've been telling you
new merchandise new merch and our new
merchandise new merchandise I'm going to
cut future Alfie who's going to show you
all the new merchandise that is
available if you're watching this video
right now
if you want some guys order it before
Christmas great Christmas present for
your dog your auntie your uncle for your
kid for yourself it's okay to buy
yourself Christmas presents everyone
does it
what must ever coat the other day when I
spent Christmas shopping by yourself
submerge anyways cut future Alfie right
let's talk oh my gosh my hair is awful
is that better
let's talk about merchandise I have got
so much new stuff that is available
right now when you're watching this
video I've wanted to do this item for so
long but I haven't been able to think of
a creative way to do it that's just more
fun than normal until I came up with an
idea one day and we've made it possible
so you know that little rubber bracelets
there are a lot of people sell let these
ones have the PB logo all the way around
there instead of just doing different
colors that you can purchase I thought
we would turn it into a game so there is
eight different why did I just do that
I'm going to regret that so much there
are eight different colors let me try
and find them all we've got blue green
yellow black white
um orange I don't even know which ones
I've said in which right we've got a ton
of colors and when you buy one you just
buy one you don't know what color you're
going to get and there are different
chances of getting different colors so
there is a 25% chance that you're going
to get a black one there's a 20% chance
you're going to get a white one there's
a 15% chance you're gonna get dark blue
15% chance you're going to get green a
5% chance you're going to get light blue
a 10% chance you're going to get red a
5% chance you're going to get yellow and
a 5% chance you're going to get orange
so the light blue yellow and orange is
like one every twenty like they're
really really rare
I just wanted to turn it into more of a
game so if you order one or two or three
or four or five or however many you
order you could get a more rare one than
your brother or your sister or your
cousin or your friend in school you
could be walking around with the yellow
one on your wrist that is far far harder
to get than if you were walking around
with this black one that's sick
I like the colors took me so long to
choose the perfect color like the greens
and the blues and the yellow and like
everything to actually make the colors
nice rather than just like not nice
the next item is a little bit of a
strange one because until I saw the
amount of you commented say that you
wanted me to bring these out I didn't
even know they were like I had to buy a
couple myself to find out if they're
good if they useful I've been using them
I've got some over here so many of you
have been asking me to bring up pop
sockets if you don't know what that is I
didn't know what it is either it's
basically a little device there's a
black one here that I'm bringing out and
a white one here that I'm bringing out
I've got the white one on my phone at
the moment it sits on your phone like
this and then you can bring it out and
it's like hold your phone and like at
first I was like oh this is really
really weird why would you want that
stuck on your phone why not just have a
phone case but I'm being completely
serious now
otherwise it won't be stuck on my phone
would it I genuinely really like it I
can actually really really like it I
don't know I think it's just because I
don't know I don't know it's just one of
those weird things isn't it so many of
you whenever I meet you in the streets
have them I bought allowed myself to
test out and use before I actually got
my own like PB ones here's one of the
ones I bought a little kitty cat
means call with it's not as it's not as
cool as this one is it now this is what
I end up doing I sit there and I just
spin it on the table all the time next
items where should I go
my most popular item that I sell at the
moment on my current store is my gray
hoodie and my gray jumper and I think
it's just because they're so cozy
there's such a good fit there's such
good quality there's such a good price
so of course I had to bring out another
color due to such high demand here we've
got the black pointlessblog hoodie
exactly the same as the great ones if
you've got the gray one and you love it
you're going to love this one it's the
black one and then inside have even got
like custom labels with a point blog
logo printed inside and to match it of
course we have got with the custom
inside as well the small pointlessblog
black jumper which I wear those two in
gray all the time and I've been wearing
these ones in black for like a couple of
weeks now since I've had them and so
many of you I've been going crazy crazy
in the comments especially about this
black light I know this is just going to
sell up straight away this black hoodie
so many of you have been going nuts
about it so it's finally here it's
available right now well if that wasn't
enough eight wristbands to pop sockets a
jumper hoodie we've got a load of
t-shirts everybody I love love love
color t-shirts you know I wear like pink
blue green I wear every single color of
the rainbow in a t-shirt like you guys
know that so of course the PB t-shirts
instead of just being gray we got white
with the PB logo printed in the back now
rather than a label we're going to white
one the black logo we got a nice blue
one we have got do two crazy high demand
a pink one a pink pink I've been wearing
this so much my blogs whenever I do
people go crazy pink one a green one we
just have to we have to get the bright
colors the green one and I don't have
one on me for some reason I think it
legit might be in the wash but we do
have a black one as well but but I think
it's in the wash at the moment
because I literally couldn't find it
anywhere I think that's everything
eight collectible wristbands I want to
see actually if any of you I don't even
know if it's going to be possible
because some of them are harder to get
than others I want to see if anyone
actually manages to get all eight like
if you manage to get all make at that
yeah I don't know you're gonna have to
do some serious trading between your
friends in school I cannot even tell you
how excited I am let me explain
something else as well
because I told you guys that I've been
working on something for like a year
basically a year now and today I signed
all the paperwork with a lawyer
literally earlier on today I met up with
the lawyer this morning whilst are still
at the Christmas party after breakfast
and we sat down for a half an hour
signing and signing and signing
documents because I don't know how much
I told you about how I started I'm
pretty sure half my my PB merchandise
what I did is I hired somebody to jump
on board and because like there's so
many of you guys ordering things I can't
be like picking and packing and putting
it all in boxes and sending it off
myself and going to the post office it I
wouldn't have time to make videos if I
did that so instead I hired somebody
full-time just to run all my merchandise
for me and his name is Tom he's
absolutely amazing
like so so good and since working with
him and getting such great feedback on
all of the merchandise so many other
youtubers have got in touch with me
saying Alfie how'd you do it who does
your merchandise can they help me out so
I've started up a new company the
company I'm sure I'm sure you're wearing
out because you would have seen all
online the company is called the Creator
store the Creator store go follow on
Twitter go follow on Instagram it's just
at the Creator store and what we've
basically done is help other youtubers
release merchandise because especially
in the UK there's not really that many
youtubers that sell merchandise and so
many people want to do it but it's such
a hard thing to start and and especially
to like get actually good products and
be able to sell them for a good price
so that's what we're doing the Creator
store my new company is helping
youtubers make merchandise for their
audiences and
we've just launched today so all my
merchandise now is on that website we've
got a handful of youtubers selling
merchandise as of today we've got Zoe
enjoy selling sug life merchandise
we've got myself we've got Evan Edinger
we've got Tanya burr and we've got Louis
Cole so there's five people already
signed up to my new company and we're
helping them create great merchandise
and making sure and making sure that all
the shipping and everything runs really
really smoothly when the website goes
live and all of you can finally autumn
urchin dice I'm going to be like so
relaxed like it's literally been in the
works for like yeah like I said like
nearly a year probably a year now I'm
going to leave a link down below to my
merchandise go to the website go check
it out let me know what you think if
there's a youtuber that you want to
start selling merchandise tweet them
saying they should check out the Creator
store let me know as well and I'll chat
to them basically the aim is to just
help youtubers create great merchandise
for their audiences and right now all of
those items I just said to you about or
available I'm not pushing you or
anything I promise you but remember it
is coming close to Christmas now so if
you want something for Christmas or you
want to get somebody something for
Christmas I do advise ordering it pretty
damn soon so that it definitely
definitely definitely arrives for
Christmas all right I hope you guys
excited by all of that as I was saying
really good today feeling really fresh
really good let's do a quick weather
check yeah it's not really very nice is
it
I mean I don't think it is actually
raining but it's definitely been raining
so it's just wet and horrible out there
and cold last night I did I barricade
all the doors up with chairs because I
thought someone was going to try and
prank me if you don't know where I am
last night my map the company that I'm
signed to my management had their
Christmas party so there was like 40
youtubers probably like 40 members of
staff in this absolutely massive mansion
in the countryside everyone dancing
everyone drinking everyone eating lots
it was awesome but you know what it's
like with 40 youtubers someone was bound
to try and prank someone outside I went
to all measures like possible
he could to try and stop that happening
by heading down for breakfast I'm fully
dressed Shawn's fully dressed is meant
to be a pajama breakfast where you wear
your Christmas pajamas this is the
leftovers of the dance floor last night
instead of having the typical hungover
food like a really stodgy English
breakfast got a bowl of fruit motions
great Fred rest why is that
yeah Jim go on just come back up to the
room and I completely forgot to look
through this yesterday dinner so let's
have a look wait did you not get one I
mean there's one of my chair but I
didn't think that dinner yeah everyone
liked it right what got a cheeky little
Bobo right why did I not take my own
comment that way you can have that you
can have a now if you want if you want
there we can do yeah okay I'm not gonna
get it
well I said we got I know I'm that's not
good that's genuinely nice I'm keeping
that will you
I mean I'll keep this as well.you video
I guess your main China win that haha I
want a blue stuff where are we going
there oh no not candle gives it kinda
it's not a candle even bad
Oh a mug more blue stuff do tube is more
blue stuff oh good bye guys we're
heading off jumping back in in the wagon
oh yeah what what's the plan today guys
are we go in so where we are at the
moment in are we in Devon yeah where we
are in Devon at the moment is fairly
close to Bath and yes I have my braces
in if I sound incredibly lispy lives be
we're fairly close to bar so we're gonna
head up yeah and a head of neuro my gosh
I'm so excited we've had no service look
at this you can't see it no service no
Wi-Fi nothing does anyone know the last
I 24 hours what wrote snacks have you
got pop
whatever you think all an egg sandwich
would be delightful
I mean you might stink out the car but
here again so we've been planning to
come to bar for probably about two years
now and it's never ever ended up
happening it's kind of on the way home
back to Brighton from where we were
staying so we've decided to pop down
this is always home town this is a enter
ground and I'm super excited we just pop
it into Apple store straightaway first
thing just here to get the new blogs up
the uploads going all good five seconds
left and then we can even actually go
Christmas shopping before
three this is not a second this is a lie
too
yeah ready straight away we've come to
get some food
this place looks so cool
yawn just looks like cucumber
what's this is more stanky you're strong
like a musical instrument oh thank you
so much to mess a restaurant although I
didn't mean to get those little dishes I
just got big dishes I think I might
accidentally order multiple mains barber
the multiple charges gosh you guys have
gone in what that looks incredible I've
gone for a chicken brat food lamb Zoe's
got weird pasty all just sharing bits
whatever this looks amazing
you're gonna get brats first the sausage
and chips as well lemon ACK finish up
lunch just coming into the Christmas
markets for their school and college and
work has just finished getting so so
busy the mass markets are always amazing
such festival hearts it's kind of my
beach house aren't they all right
pretty cool ah this one's cute handmade
spray-painted art the Christmas
courtyard but this is cool on the wall
what yeah it's not so offensive is in
fact a restaurant so apparently this
wine tastes like chocolate does it
actually okay it does was it good or not
they're so good I've got a chunk I mean
so I can't try it so I'm just after buy
one thank you so much thank you having
us evening
hey wine that tastes like chocolate
apparently I didn't right because I've
got chewing gum in so just but the woman
next to me there's room next to me is
like I'm so confused I was like is it
good shoes like but I love wine and I
love chocolate and it tastes like
chocolate she's so confused so I had
Abdul buy one whoa finally off of that
lemon 25-minute phone call
everyone is in oh sorry in a shop called
pug and pop in lower where you be
amazing I put it on oh thanks
Zoe's bought the entire shop did you buy
new pug ah did you see that dog in there
cool Noah he was so he's so chill on
why was he so like being a gorilla but
he wasn't overweight he was just like
sick oh my gosh I want another dog so
bad dog or like a big male pug like
Sean's found a book called elemental
living and look at this one and it's
just crazy houses outside ah look at
this huh oh and it drilled free the
wrong is that like a waterslide
I don't know what it is but they filled
for us they look at that house how thick
is that oh my gosh this is like
next-level goals this isn't even like
mansions this is like you bought a
mountain and turned into a house it's
literally where's that one that I just
showed you I think it's this one that on
top of a mess that's their house that's
it there that's the hallway
as yours not like that home my always a
little bit like that and then I jump up
every morning go swimming
casual treehouse I like these like them
but where'd you even put stuff where'd
you put your Hoover that's like you
don't tell it's this you just jump
oh my gosh how sick is it though
look at that we can bring you would just
have to buy like a mountainside
no chef
so all evening the girls have been
dragging me into the shops I don't want
to go into Snell going into the gadget
and gift shop I know my own car guys
let's see you can find the best thing to
do in a video the students a bit of an
idiot it's what we moldable so you can
roll it up into a ball and throw it hold
it what is it so Sean's just found a
mega bouncy ball if we get two of them
and charge each other yeah let's do it
and then one of us are going to bounce
off a break on egg we're gonna have to
get one we've come to show poppy and
Sean where Zoey was brought up in
Leacock bakery that's the bakery it's
like a little toy town so in the film
Cranford or it's a series really um all
this road I was at I was in it and I was
an extra for a bit I had to walk along
this road it was all like graveled
but they like your clothes are all
building is that the one that haunted
the side of the angel yeah
so apparently this place is really
haunted we should say there one night
that's not they know it stay there which
bored resident goes
this house here is Rizzo Ellis started
and that to Joe they both started in
that house there that's my old bedroom
the third one in the third window so
that one there
it's just me and you left we've arrived
home dropped everything off all of the
luggage drop poppy drop Shaun drop Zoey
off at the house and I'm off to go and
pick up a little doggie I'm a little
baby my one and oh my gosh I've missed
her so much I can't even tell you what
it's like like I know she's a dog she's
not a child so if you've got a kid then
I'm pretty sure it's gonna be even more
intense than this but I miss my dog so
much when I'm not with her where my
doggies have you don't you dougie done
years hey
null is not very excited to see me she's
so sleepy my buzz is so excited aren't
you mate
aren't you thank you so does everyone
I've been here five minutes and Nala
just won't come home we need to go home
Missy coming in I don't know where my
camera just cut off it ran out of charge
whilst I was picking up Nala
but I just got home and I'm packing all
my stuff I forgot to show you some new
shoes that I got earlier on I don't know
what the plan is tonight guys I cannot
stop thinking I just filmed the clip
that you watched earlier on in the vlog
all about the new merchandise and I
forgot to tell you that one thing I want
to do with the new wristbands is always
try and carry a load on me so if you
ever see me in the street and I will try
my best always have them on me come up
to me in the street and ask me for a
wristband
if you don't ask me for one I'm not
going to offer one to you you have to
know to ask me for one and if I've got
one on me I will give one to you okay
does that sound good so if you see me in
the street come after me let our fee
have you got a PB wristband and if I do
I will give one to you it sounds lame
but I can't even describe how happy I am
to be back in bed with Wi-Fi where we
stayed for the party
there was no Wi-Fi no phone signal so I
haven't been able to actually use my
laptop except from the Apple store in
like two days I'm going to read this
book go on my laptop read a load of
YouTube comments tweet a load of you
guys I'm going to catch you and my vlog
here I hope you've enjoyed it if you
have you know what to do
if you're excited about with a merger
you excited about everyone else as much
go down below smash the video of a
thumbs up just go crush it go absolutely
mental give it a thumb I mean I don't
know you can go mental literally
clicking a thumbs up button but do it
I'll catch you to my guys subscribe if
you're not already down below and I'll
see you in the morning getting that
guy's
