good morning gang good morning how you
doing can you see me okay I'm quite
disguised today first thing we need to
do today is open all the calendars I'm
about to head out now
going somewhere exciting but I just
wanna quickly get so you haven't done
that yeah it's a dinosaur egg be able to
grow over three days but we've got a lot
of that stuff to be doing before we
leave and we're meant to be leaving like
five minutes ago
then send some lights on of course I
haven't opened yesterday's yet because I
wanted to do a few guys this is a thing
we do together the calendar yesterday
was the sick I believe wait was that
right before I've just opened the wrong
one yes yes there's the sick a little
bug we're number seven I wish every day
you got to wake up noble advent calendar
imagine that in life how much better
your day would go if you were to wake up
and eat little chocolate boo ball which
present do I give Zoey
I've got two here or there they're not
wrapped up you need to close your eyes
your presence all of us just sorry I got
to why we're here why did he think Oh
where's my presents guys here's one yeah
this I haven't Canada president today I
know this is yesterday's yeah it's a
little like copper t-shirt that's thank
you thank you you did I get buy me
clothes no close your eyes you got
another present close your eyes this is
a good one where's your eyes there you
go no V well technically so this is this
is an unofficial YouTube
Ceylan when something says unofficial it
does not mean you've okayed it no
unofficial means no nothing unofficial
means that we have nothing to do with it
I didn't even know that exists I just
walked into WH Smith to get wrapping
paper that I saw that and I'm all over
the front cover and you are and everyone
invites me to use images that we own
though no they're only allowed to use
images that like paparazzi or
photographers or except I have Cheney
well yeah they're allowed to take
screenshots from videos basically
they're just fun little books but
they're nothing to do with us as a pop
shop they'll pay paparazzi to use photos
but yeah I just thought just in case you
needed to in case you needed to learn
how to be a vlogger there's there's a
guide because I'm yeah I know you're
starting starting the daily vlog this
month you got 24 days as well Oh going
you need some tips that's a good one
poppy is more annoyed by the pictures
horrified by this right anyways where
should I put them let me put the back
upstairs yes how many calendars yeah
what what are you gonna moan about now
no they leave the camera on there but
you can't moan at me you're gonna be the
money one ask him why what's happening
you done oh we're we blooming God here
we go
you know that Zoey likes to drive a lot
more than me especially when it comes to
long drives motorways and stuff like
that if you don't know what is happening
today we've got a works Christmas party
but it's in like Devon which is like
four hours away that's if there's no
traffic so probably like five hours
realistic and obviously as oh he likes
to do long drives much more than me
she's much more confident than motorist
F she's been driving for like eight
years
so she's driving her car there and
Poppy's just asked if she can go in the
front we leaving now
okay why I need to get my butt out guys
remember I said the other day about
we're making everything better in life
we're still doing that don't you worry
whoa all right we've been driving for
about an hour and a half so far out the
four and a half hours we've got a little
stop off to grab some food then oh I'm
in the milk section just walk past all
of the food Ross Logan where are you
gonna eat that in my brand-new car
you're gonna eat stinky salmon in our
new car what do you think of that I
don't think so put that back stinky
salmon in the new car oh that's all I
want in my life
no holy cow how much is it all did you
see that next to us filling out a
picture I've done if you could have seen
in the vlog there was a matte black
Range Rover and I went up and spoke to
the guy about colourbox it looked
amazing and he was like yeah man you
have to do it it looks so much more
gangster than if we want a cartoon of a
gangster but it definitely looked great
this can't be real life that is one
pound
one pound for 20 CL of 200 milliliters
that's the biggest ripoff I've ever seen
in my life that's one pound I got caught
filming in there your parent you're not
allowed under why but you're not allowed
to film in there look what I bought boy
the bow this happens when you're in the
bottle yeah that's so weird I don't know
if I'm actually ready to try this oh you
not ready
holy crap it's not like I can use
blumenau smell that right out smell that
just be careful here it let me try let's
have all my smell just be careful man
oh crap it's too good this thing it may
instead have you smell it just be
careful when you smell it why it does
give you a win sensation no what what
shorten spread it just bit don't do as
hard you did last time just take a
little smell
it makes you paralyze for like a second
or two oh no oh no just we had the
delayed reaction you okay no can you
drive no honestly it's crazy it's cool
just be careful yeah it's not everyone
be sure hope is used to that rich kind
of money I'm not used to this stuff guys
ration n just take it in numbers herbs
right you can't drink the whole thing
I have no idea what you just said oh my
god
laughter you have to drink all in one
what's his openness open finally after
like this you're a legend actually can
said please
action I just built it everywhere try
again and go pear keep it in your mouth
and gulp it you love it there go OK
zombeaver fancy camera angles up there
don't worry guys I got that for you got
this fancy camera so we stick it on the
ceiling
yep are you ready are you ready for the
best time-lapse you've ever seen are you
ready to do some time traveling for two
hours left of the journey when luckily
for you you got one second left so we
kind of got a little bit lost
we've ended up in somebody else's house
and we just went off roading for like 10
minutes
I even had to get out of the car and
literally try and I'd to throw a tree
out the way this man's just told us that
will go in the wrong way
oh alright let's look at the damage
oh no no these scratches or not well I
slid is there scratches on our side of
the car that can you rub these off Oh
luckily you can just rub them off we're
getting show dear Charo
thank you so much oh wow its massive you
should come down as soon as possible
okay thank you so much for showing us
your room oh my gosh look at that
we've got pajamas laid out for us that
is so cute you can hear the music I'm
gonna give you a quick room tour she
come through the front door
straight opposite you for some reason we
have two baths look at this who's in our
shower you prefer your baths way hotter
than I do so you can have a really hot
bath and I can have a warm bath this is
sick and then you come into the bedroom
we have a massive bed look at that like
what's the point of this little bit up
there just to make you feel cozy oh no
again I'm watched by her is that one of
those things where wherever you stand it
feels like she's looking at you a
meeting table dining room table this is
awesome let me quickly test out the bell
are there's nothing in there oh damn it
let's head straight downstairs because I
think most people are already here I
have no idea what is going on been
changed I thought
Christmas jumper that we've just been
given
says everyone is here although I haven't
actually added rock solo to anyone here
he is
it wants to know that crackers are table
was just eating everyone else is in fact
marks is eaten enough portions for three
people it's going in well as graded ya
know there's great be floating around
somewhere possibly the biggest Christmas
dinner ever had there's like 70 people
hit bro oh no we've been singed out
you're going to take it all he's going
to take it all on purpose Casper's just
signed to a modeling agency and he's
just had his first picture come through
right duck it's gone off on are you
ready
Oh a good sign time Giamatti signing
apparently it's snowing outside LA it's
gonna all get stuck in your fluffy hair
so I so go and cry anyway yeah bye man
look at that
this coffee their decaf espresso martini
a hot chocolate love an espresso martini
are you going to get any expression off
between their amazing visual loud
coughing yeah I'm not allowed to happen
but it doesn't matter if you don't want
to honor those such a loser martini oh
crap
Jon oh my god
posed and everyone would send you
pictures
I want a photo
come on negative one to do every one
screen show that to Gasper it edges it
really nicely
look at the snow on the floor but I
don't know when the last time I blocked
was well that is a pretty big why would
you have a carpet any gonna look up yeah
why would you have a carpet on the wall
surely the whole point of having a
carpet is that you walk on it it's nice
decoration well then it's just a bit of
art not a carpet it's decoration I've
had a few to drink I'm not drunk at all
but I'm going to stop for tonight eating
some cookies just gone up to the room
put on a nice little shirt Sean's just
got changed as well we've even got
matching shoes tonight check that out
matching shoes I don't know where
everyone is I think they're through here
somewhere
you
if I don't go then I would like go ahead
Oh
so and I've come back upstairs just to
chill out there is so much dancing going
down there and we're definitely above we
are definitely above the pavement can
you guys hear how loud the music is from
my bed because our Christmas dinner
started at 3 o'clock everyone was
drinking wine at 3 o'clock then it was
drinks and then people getting changed
it's still so early it feels to me like
it's about realistically half 11 12 the
time is 10 no two minutes past 10:00 so
try those I was a bit like 6 well and
you also did a five hour drive
I'm just knackered on Friday at 3
o'clock something exciting is happening
for Zoey and Jo me Louie Tania and Evan
that's all I'm saying
Oh Co Co Co hey hon can you check my
vlog some facts that's how you Joe yeah
my boss can you set those it might take
a while I want you to get up and do a
speech after Jim we just got changed
into our pajamas Tonchi you do this your
dad what about this one oh my god
pop do that thing with your tongue no -
yeah like Oh Tom's passionately yeah
holding yet mmm you're good show them
how it's done
that's so good it's quite okay
just got to our room
I'm currently not bathroom so he is fast
asleep in bed so I'm gonna end the bug
in here guys I'm so glad I didn't drink
a lot tonight because I've got to be up
super early tomorrow morning I hope you
enjoyed the vlog tonight guys
if you did give it a bigger thumbs up
let's see how many we can possibly get
go down below smash the like button
subscribe if you're not already and I'll
see you in the morning
good night guys mum and I are out
Christmas shopping but I can't show you
too much because though they want to
leak anything that we might buy for
somebody that could potentially watch
this vlog
