mum and I are out Christmas shopping but
I can't show you too much because I
don't want a leak anything that we might
buy for somebody that could potentially
watch this vlog mum's just bought dad's
main battery present I mean Christmas
right I said birthday I mean Christmas
present and it's a really good one we're
just walking back to the car now
there's the hedges Christmas tree I've
ever seen in my life
look at the size of that like I don't
even come up halfway on earth that must
be at least 12th or my fight oh my god
right so we've just finished up lunch
completely forgot to film it whilst we
were eating lunch just then mum came up
with an idea and a little bit my idea as
well no you could I take all the credit
but Zoe's Christmas present because I
just had no idea
if I can make it happen basically the
president when they get Zoey there's
only one of them ever made and other
people are going to want to buy it for
their families and friends for
themselves so it's going to be
incredibly incredibly difficult to be
able to get this present and you also
can't just buy it in a shop
like it's not like something I can get
there first to buy it
it's I'm not going to give you a white
let you don't even see us cuz the Sun
it's gonna I also need to make sure that
I'm free tonight and I'm free tomorrow
night to be able to get it if you get if
I even get it I don't know good morning
friends how you doing how you doing what
you up to it is a lovely day today I'm
straight off to a meeting at my office
you ask me all the time if I still go
here of course I do it's my office
I just don't film it here as much
anymore because most of time I spend in
here I'm just having meetings and I
don't really filming them so I'm heading
there now
there's something super exciting yeah
yeah that'd be so I'm it's super
exciting it's coming out on Friday I've
been working on it for like nearly a
year now I love that so I've been
working on this project for like nearly
a year now employing members of staff to
help make it possible having lawyers do
loads of stuff for me basically starting
a new business well it's already been
started but it launches on Friday some
of you may know what it's to do with
I'll speak about it more and in the new
vlog when I can actually tell you off
then hype it up and then let you down by
not telling you what it is
hey hey
do you jump up the bar okay good you
jumped off sorry I'm lovely to meet you
say hi to your kids what was I saying in
a car remember now basically I'm heading
off to a meeting today is the first day
that we're going to start fresh when to
start fresh with these vlogs we're going
to start fresh with my life there you
know and let me jump into this meeting
and we'll catch up in a second
come on yes second time luckily the lift
is still broken I've had this office for
like over a year now and the lift is
still broken since I got it
it's pitch black outside and the meeting
has only just finished low in pitch
black outside see this is why I don't
have meetings at the office because it's
so upsetting I get here when it's like
the optimum amazing weather the Sun is
out it's shining and then when I leave
it through the pitch black outside the
vlog is currently 12 minutes late it's
exporting now I'm about to start
bloating as soon as I possibly can I've
rushed as much as possible for you guys
within all of this bad news there is
good news I'm assured on the new car I'm
insured on the new car
guys I don't didn't even understand what
this means I got this new car I was so
excited and then for a week I haven't
been allowed to drive it when I was
younger I remember one year my parents
asked me what I wanted for my birthday
and I wanted some roller skates we went
to town literally just around the corner
from here and we bought me some roller
skates I tried them on in the shop
I loved them when we got home that
evening my parents said okay Alfie let's
just make sure that they fit you you get
five minutes five minutes around the
kitchen just to make sure that the
roller skates still fit you in that
they're all good I cannot even tell you
how much fun I had for those five
minutes and then I had to put them away
again and I
allowed them for two weeks until it was
my birthday do you know what that two
weeks felt like that two weeks felt like
three months that two weeks felt lets 6
years no joking but you get what I'm
saying basically I knew what was coming
and I was so bloomin excited yet I
wasn't allowed to use them that is
exactly what this has felt like for me I
got my dream car but I wasn't allowed to
drive it I was not allowed to drive it
but you know what I'm now allowed I
cannot wait to get home well I I know
what I'm going to I know what we're
going to do today in today's video way
what my videos just finished let me get
this uploading for you let me get this
online on YouTube so your butt can enjoy
watching it peek in a thumbnail for my
videos probably takes just as long as
editing the actual video itself
alright the video is doing its thing and
I just wanna I want a release of energy
let's see what new things have got in
the office up in here to show you ever
going to my new match coming out that's
all good actually don't think that I
can't show you guys too much all I'm
saying is Friday that's all I'm saying
starting one day soon and it was going
to be tomorrow but as you know tomorrow
I'm going to family friend of Mines
funeral so it's not going to be starting
tomorrow but starting very very soon in
fact scrap that starting today I'm a new
person you're not already noticed I've
made a conscious decision to just enjoy
life more that means being a nicer
person being a happier person being more
accepting being more calm getting less
stressed working out more I know a
workout Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday every single week in the
morning but I want to start smashing the
gym and I want to try and go twice a day
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday Friday
and then you have the weekend off I want
to start putting more time and more
effort into the relationships in my life
whether that's my friends my family
zowie nala and nothing bad has happened
by the way don't think that something
bad has happened and that's why I'm
saying this
I just want to become even more
efficient and just better at life I find
it too easy to get caught up doing
things that I don't need to do whether
that's watching TV watching a film
procrastinating and not filming videos
for my other YouTube channels I don't
know I just don't know it's all I know
is that it's happening I'm going to
start working better at life so that's
not just at work at being myself I'm
going to put more time into making
myself a better person than what I have
been doing over the last year and if you
want to come along this journey with me
make sure you're subscribed you want to
hopefully I can I can inspire you to to
make it to make a change in your life as
well I haven't got a particular plan as
of yet all I know is that I've got the
self belief in me right now to make
myself a better person and I want to do
that I want to do that I want to look
better I want to dress better I want to
eat better I want to hang out in better
ways with my friends and my girlfriend
with my family with my dog I want to
work better I want to produce better
content for you guys I want to better
everything in my life and right now I
don't think anything is going to stop me
from doing that I feel like I'm in the
exact right place right now to be doing
that and making this happen so come
along with me on the journey unless you
happens let's do this together I want to
be filming more of my life there are so
many times and moments when I forget to
film when I'm hanging out with friends
when I'm hanging out a family and I want
you guys to be like there with me or
with the time if I'm hanging out with my
mom like when I went shopping earlier
didn't really feel much I didn't want
any Kenny Christmas presents we were
buying but I still could have feel more
than what I did Phil I want to give you
guys a better insight into my life what
is going on and the exciting
conversation is about future things that
I'm working on and there's a lot coming
there was a lot of big things happening
that I want to do together and we're
going to do together
just up to whether you want to come on
this journey with me there isn't
anywhere particular that would go in
we're just improving ourself
it is cold oh my gosh it is so cold
tonight hey what do you think his
lighting is terrible his wife yes done
here sorry
this is coal guys are no the only thing
listen
Oh your take ok guys I just got home
I've changed you up onto a bigger camera
let me know what you think in the
comments down below I'm definitely not
going to be sticking to this no you wait
there need to get your advert present
don't I for today I haven't wrapped air
I need to get some wrapping paper I
don't know which one to give you I've
got a good one today and you check the
price off of it
doo doo doo doo doo get ready back back
dude is it Maltesers oh it's not again
puzzle till I get ya a thousand pieces
yeah how long it would take me to do
your last one that um the other day was
a thousand no it was a 500 oh that go is
a thousand it's Christmas is dry I
thought this is me so this is what the
puzzle looks like yeah that's me
oh my god there's you there's me there's
you there's Joe there's Tonya and Jim
there's my mum with does but I just
added microphone so hopefully the audio
is gonna be better I don't know I might
just watch about this footage and be
like that never ever filming on that
again I also bought myself this sari
this is what I want to do tonight I
don't know if we're gonna have enough
time this is gonna be another chocolate
DIY Santa's workshop
Lord only you need little chocolate
fingers and
star yeah so I want to go to the shop
now and then let's basically melt the
chocolate and pour it one in this mold
and then it builds the wall and the
house more of that instead of like a
gingerbread house it's a chocolate house
you've probably got more chance of this
staying together than gingerbread house
right let's order some food
Betsy we're gonna order some food I'm
gonna go and collect it sorry honest I
could eat a wacom on my tea no that's
that's a different take away don't say
that none days
Zoey wants to go and get a Nando's we
never ever eat Nando's anymore so we
need to ring up order one I'm gonna go
pick it up this is what I'm currently
vlogging on I'm looking at myself in
here and then this little microphone on
the top and it's gone over my my PV
event calendar today I haven't opened
any in the chocolate
dddd I feel like I want to put on a
onesie no maybe I did I feel like I want
a better ones you want to match you but
I is that not a onesie oh you've got
this out you used to love when I wore
this last year didn't you this is my ELF
onesie sign that downstairs in little
baby I guess you didn't let's open this
together day number five what shape is
it today you don't know but I already
know because I made the advent calendar
what I didn't actually make the actual
calendar but you you know what I mean we
gotta cheek a little moon we're back on
the normal camera oh my gosh this was so
much lighter okay I think we're just
gonna have to stick with this one guys
this is so much cooler though it's just
given me an advent calendar she's got a
new one out for herself we've got bit
too many you know you need to open your
chocolate one Butthead I need to open my
gin one I've got so many gins I should
take the doors off so that I know which
ones of which ones are opened where's
this chin from this chin is from Bosnia
oh my gosh I'm so excited to try these
maybe I'll have one tonight
you ready why the verse it's time for me
to drive the new car for the first time
and Zoe is incredibly nervous I don't
know why because I Drive with Zoe
all the time I've just never driven an
automatic we're currently in the car
park we've just picked up the food I
didn't want to film my first ever little
bit of driving because I just wanted to
fully fully concentrate and be a hundred
percent in the zone because I've never
ever driven an automatic before how did
it go you were really good actually
I was a bit nervous not Zoe was very
nervous but it was so good it was it
wasn't as weird not changing gamers what
I thought the weird thing was when you
slow down not stalling because I didn't
put my foot on the clutch because there
is no clutch anyways I want to get back
quickly because this is going to stink
out the new car that's not what I want
no eating in the car no sneaking chips
if Jo's watching he's gonna love this
song Jade you from there hey this is
Joe's new friend Robbie William no
sneaking chips in the bar when people
say they don't fart
do you actually believe that you can't
not far
everyone farts and if you don't then
you're sure you get stomach cramp
no let's be real I'm sorry I fired in
the new Clara
it doesn't smell just amount hundos it's
all good boy look at this everybody I
don't want to say look at this I've
driven for like a year now but it's just
cause it's different cause I was crazy
that you've nearly been driving for a
year ya know like now
not putting my clutch in that's weird
this is crazy guys love you can't stall
not that I stole anyway like I never do
still why would you say you can't but
you can just what's happened to ya
also the car tells you the speed limit
this little 30 mile per hour sign so
good I've just realized the last clip I
filmed was in my car I'm so sorry we got
home we ate dinner
we watched what Christmas film was a we
watched Santa Claus which is actually
really really good and now we're in bed
tucked up so he's fast asleep
more or less Santa Claus yeah that's
right so more or less you were asleep
until I asked you that we're watching
what's this planet Earth planet Earth
which I absolutely love these kind of
programs it's so relaxed I'm listening
to it with my eyes shut but I'm like
that just sounds dreamy you can just
picture what's happening it'll extremely
better sounds dreamy too
I promise you were going to do the
chocolate house we didn't get time to do
it if you want to see me do the
chocolate house video give this video a
thumbs up go down below hit the thumbs
up button good night guys good morning
everybody welcome to blogeee birthday
for when your intro oh wait
ah according to thermite what's that I
like that's some snow for you
