good morning everybody welcome to
vlogmas day for when your intro oh wait
ah according internet mine what is it
I like Shh that's some snow for you to
make it Christmas I should have put some
snow on your little thing Oh bourbon a
good morning guys how you doing welcome
back to another vlog now last night's
vlog got a bit crazy it ended up and I
ended up going out to a bloomin karaoke
bar like two hours
I wasn't even rector so I mean she
wasn't I'd like for G and T's and that
was it I've got some explaining to do to
Zoe today I need to tell you something
wants you off your phone you know I was
shopping yesterday for you for that
video anything and you bought everything
for yourself no I did look what you
start also that coat is the best thing
like ever bought in your life like it do
you not think that's so me if they got
that in my silent they would have it in
your size should they wear events extra
small men and have matching coat let's
do it but what's happens I try and guess
what I'm about to tell you you didn't
get me an advent present I did I get
writable you left it in lucky void right
you left it somewhere after I skate in
but yes at you Carl where's my car in
town I drove to town yesterday
when shopping Zoe's advent calendar
bought a load of stuff which was super
successful bought myself some new
clothes put them in my car to go boys
skate in ended up going out for drinks
afterwards ended up drinking alcohol so
leaving my car in town now I don't have
so as I've been present with me because
it's in my car in town so step number
one today get my butt out of bed or edit
the vlog first then get my butt out of
bed go to town get those I've been
present but mark Zoe do arrive then
present then we're going to be
decorating tree today yeah then we'll
get a decorate oh sorry
poppy show good morning you still sleepy
this is what we need to do okay yeah
fine number four
Ysabel
can I eat it should we hop at what you
want - all right half off
bigamy oh okay wait you know I was a son
by in my eyes oh what's gonna say hi
they ignore the taxi please if you don't
know what pugs are like the best way to
describe them Kadesh is I'm what are you
gonna say what are you gonna say about
me you like a little shadow on you know
wherever I go she follows I don't know
about you but I find breakfast the
hardest debt day Revis is not a day the
hardest meal to eat like I just I don't
ever think about it every morning I wake
up I hit the gym I edit my vlog and jump
in the shower and then it's already
lunchtime so today's Breakfast is a
banana and some pink lady apple juice oh
wait I'm not insured on this one my
other cars in town and the whole point
of me going to town is to get my car hey
how's it going yeah good thank you okay
ma'am ten pounds is fine amazing thank
you have a lovely day just got to town
already bought two presents for Zoe's
advent calendar one of them is let like
you guys are gonna absolutely not there
now in late canal I'm looking at things
for DIY videos they've got a chocolate
slab I mean I don't really know what we
do with that but that looks awesome or
they've got this which is Santa's
workshop mold so as to make like
gingerbread Santa's workshop
but surely you could just fill it with
chocolate and make like a solid
chocolate one my favorite shop in town
is closed during the middle of the day
what's going on oh come on oh come on oh
come on move up they got come on you can
physically be physically be physically
physically physically get your puzzle
mop the floor now - MSA Oh a place to
play game got a fish yeah the fishy fish
with who supposed to sell the fish let's
go get it next day the fish is playfully
species cute it's time to serve the fish
come on Dana's camera ladies what party
is tomorrow ladies come on ladies what
happy oh oh my gosh how I've missed my
car not being able to drive
I only not to drive in January looking
back on it I have no idea house but how
the hell did I get how did I get from A
to B without a car I suppose I just used
to get buses get trains cycle nach I
never cycle that's literal I boosted
board began buses and trains is so
expensive avoiding that was very very
productive I bought Zoe an advent
calendar because she doesn't actually
have I could have just given him one of
our PV ones
Oh different bought one anyways I got
Zoe Navin Canada and I've got them too
right Zoe on it as you saw
I got another present another Advent
present to happen presents from for
yesterday from yesterday and I bought
myself some lunch but then I was very
very productive for half an hour in town
hey stop stop stop stop the music I
forgot to say I just saw a kid standing
by himself in town like literally by
himself stood there right and he went
like this dabbed six times in a row and
then just carried on walking by in sat
like I made a bit inconvenient to do
that shot then if it is worth now I
don't even know if I'm going to put it
in the vlog just get out my car from
around the front tell you guys I'm going
to the beach get back in my car get my
camera come down to the beach whoa it is
a lovely evening everybody how you're
doing I feel like we haven't had a
proper chance to speak today town was so
bloomin busy right that every single
time I got this camera out there was so
many of you stopping me for pictures but
I just didn't really get out my camera
because it just got so so busy so how
you doing
haven't had a chance to catch up see
what you up to see if it feeling festive
if you don't celebrate Christmas how you
doing as well or don't want them I don't
want my vlogs to be so Christmassy that
those of you who don't celebrate
Christmas are like ah what is this
so how you doing I don't even know why
I'm coming down to the beach you know
just thought it'd be nice it's such a
lovely calm crisp evening I've got the
the thickest warmest cuddliest coat on
in the world so I just thought I'd walk
down to the beach and chill and have a
chat with you guys take a moment to
appreciate life you know life so bloomin
weird man like I don't want to get too
deep or some water on my sand with your
wool they want to get too deep guys but
honestly like
everyone needs to appreciate what
they've got rather than worrying about
others I'm not even speaking about
anything in particular something really
crazy and sad happened within my family
recently and just a heads up on the sick
I won't be vlogging on the 6th of
December which normally would go up on
the 7th December so on the seventh he is
unexpected blog
sadly place a very close family friend
of ours to the point why used to call
him uncle I didn't even call him like by
his name and it just makes you think you
know why why are we worrying about
stupid small things in life why are we
sitting there worrying about how many
bloomin views and subscribers and likes
or instagrams to get and why people
sitting there in school worrying about
worrying about such small things like
what grade we got on a piece of homework
on a subject that we're not ever even
going to use in our life and I'm not
telling you not to work hard in school
of course I want you to do that but I'm
just saying there are bigger things out
there guys there are more important
things out there we shouldn't let such
small things get us down it's important
I find it personally important it might
not be anything to you there just to
take yourself out of your normal
surroundings out of your house out of
seeing your friends out seeing your
family just have some alone time chill
by yourself just just take some time to
yourself you know life is so fast moving
so quick pace it is hard to it's hard to
take time and remember that's important
just to to slow down sometimes and I
don't mean like playing xbox sitting on
your phone or chatting to your friends
on Facebook messengers like that that's
not counting down
I had a lion this morning I woke up at
12 o'clock today that doesn't count as
slowing down because I was asleep I'm
talking that's slowing down that's in go
into a park by yourself go into the
beach by yourself sitting in your car
without being on your phone without
looking at the screen we need to lift
our heads up more and enjoy what's
around us
I look at this bloomin place this is
beautiful
look at the sky why is the beach empty
on such a lovely evening why is
everybody not out of their houses get
away from your screen joy come enjoy the
beach did you say sure and I know you're
probably watching thing in out the use
inside watching TV do you see it's like
watching YouTube videos every day what
are you talking about this is me
realizing it as well everybody that this
doing this is more important than
sitting inside even if that means that
you're going to miss out on some of my
blogs I don't mind go outside go tell
your family that you love them I brought
is like a crazy person to all of you and
everyone on the beach well I say
everyone there's not many people and to
be honest you know what I don't care
what they think of me do you know why
because I'm probably never gonna see
them in my life again
now source is something else we have to
remember forget so cool off what other
people think of us like that's not
what's important they're zombies judging
you for some it's stupid then let them
judge you for that stupid thing don't
let them and their judgment change you
from doing what you want to do will
change you from being you if we were the
same what bloody boring world that would
be you wouldn't I'm gonna go get back in
the car and head home and eat my lunch
well that's definitely not lunch time
looking at the Suns women just set this
burrito bowl smells so good I write to
him a couple of hours ago and things
have escalated a little bit from
chilling on the beach oh yeah I also did
a live show on the beach as well I kind
of drove a little bit about that pull
back over got back out onto the beach
and then did a live show and I've come
back home so reminded me that we've got
these pajamas these are the ones from
the charity aren't they
I'll try remember to leave their details
down below I've already told you guys
what about them before knowledge even
got matching outfit having a weave a
little hood where's your feed gonna show
you them and I'm about to yak about the
Christmas tree we've got the great
can I turn the lights on yeah Zoey's
filming up a time-lapse the Saudis
filming a time-lapse oh I'm not gonna
film much of the Christmas decorating
also this isn't me before I show you
don't blame me for this because I know I
get so many tweets every day about me
being sushi days Zoey bought me sushi I
didn't buy it myself so it doesn't count
as me in sushi but Zoey bought me sushi
the minute there's a lot of lights I'm
gonna tell my camera off now
there's always filming time Naxos doing
the Christmas tree check out her blog if
you want to see it this is the lights in
our Christmas tree
please tell me that even in the comments
if you want to make me feel good today
comment down below send your christmas
tree lights really even and look amazing
because we've just spent like an hour
and a half trying to rearrange these do
them again start again rearrange them
yeah because obviously you start at the
bottom you work up how do you know when
you've got enough left as you're doing
it you just die so now it's time to put
all the bull balls norther all the
little bits on the tray and Zoey has got
a box full of a million million
decorations quick little update we've
barely got any decorations left to put
on because the tree is completely filled
and it actually does look amazing
do you know thank I don't think we even
going to need all of them because you
don't want to over clutter it too much
knulla has been helping out a lot
haven't you he's so tired from helping
out you got most of them on the tree
didn't ya come on then hop here
my off seven I'm just watching TV were
falling asleep on the sofa what was I
meant to do this morning Zoe's I've been
present what didn't I do this morning
Zoe's I've been present I just don't
want to do maybe this one I'm gonna give
her two of them now one for yesterday
and one for today I haven't wrapped them
up sorry is that an issue you sure
Liz your eyes I've got you two there's
one there you go
that's for yesterday couldn't give you
an yesterday oh my god today I know
that's why I got you oh thank you
gorgeous
I'm gonna have a yeah during the next
one yeah made your eyes there you go
thank you I let you just be when you go
upstairs to get the present can you get
me some spots
cuz I've always got comfy and we're
gonna putting these on right now
Thank You Kamalhassan were these let
they literally match our gloves the
green and the red let they've even got
little grippy bits on the bottom let's
go and say you've got a couple of those
doors to open I wait washer opening them
I've just remembered that I've got one
that my mum and dad got me gave to me
yesterday I'm not gonna drink it now
I've got this one which is all my
different kinds of jeans London Dry Gin
got a little gin from London so I've got
like London Italy was it Bulgaria a cot
remember we got four different gins now
I'm going to start drinking them so I
need to buy some friends over because
I've got four shots to catch up on show
you up to bed they are closed
you're literally already are you
literally saying you want to do things
that you're already doing she got bad
you know the time what do you think the
time is okay mm-hmm lass anyone
