good morning guys good morning how you
doing
start me head off to town to go and try
and get the last few like I swear this
is just never-ending I thought I'd done
all of my Christmas shopping like two or
three days ago this morning Zoe and I
wrote a list of everybody down that
we've got on what we haven't gone it
turns out there is like four or five
presents that we haven't got so off to
town today to get this last few little
things I've also just realized that my
little pony advent calendar hasn't been
open in a while it's currently the 24
hours it I did the 21st is nearly 2018
what's the last one I opened I think the
last open was like 1315 hasn't been
opened I don't think there's a 14 on a
14 has been open okay so I've got 15 16
17 18 19 20 21 opening Luminess I don't
need that much chocolate right now
this morning and super productive I
kicked the day off with editing the vlog
and uploading that and everything that's
all done and ready for tonight I also
just had an hour on the phone with my
therapist which was super productive see
you later
it's in a bit I've got a list of jobs
that I need to do today that is pretty
damn long I think it's probably 11
things on it and I've only done two out
the 11 so far yeah come on yeah
most of the things on the list revolve
around being in town so that is oh my
gosh your car is dirty like so dirty I
don't think in the camber you can see
that Butler
you are that is gross considering I went
to bed at 3 a.m. last night I'm actually
feeling pretty good like I woke up at 8
o'clock because we had somebody coming
in and fix in a little part of the
kitchen that was playing up we then and
oh there's called a little sweets in
here god bolon in a hurry about poking
around
today's been good today has been good
the only thing that hasn't been so great
and I mean I don't really have much to
say on this as a human being is the
weather is just so gray and just so dull
I'd rather it just be rainy so that it
feels all like cozy and warm inside at
home or it'd just be like a nice blue
sky so that we can enjoy some nice
weather but instead it's just like a
weird foggy gray don't know if the
lighting on the camera looks nice so
that's there that's the whoa James
Arthur calm down mister apparently we
have 0% petrol
guys have just pumped in to know me
we're both Christmas shopping at the
moment she watches the videos and you've
you've moved from Amsterdam
I moved from Amsterdam to Brighton for a
semester no cuz I'm kind of moved back
to the Midlands but I want to move back
here because I love raisin so much so I
hope I can do my masters there and come
back yeah that is record noemi's
vlogging as well no me watch his vlogs
and found out about writing from the
videos and stuff and I was like the
pressure of you moving over and like
imagine if you moved over you know this
is nothing like the videos I don't like
this thanks Alfie no no thank you for
all the videos and yeah so good good
luck with the Christmas shopping Thanks
nice love India
shoppings gone incredibly well I haven't
been able to film too much especially
not talking to the camera because it is
so busy in town it's literally I can
meet up it's insane
I just keep one-upping to check against
my list to see if I've actually got
everything that I need to get all ready
told me to ring up and ask and I just
said no I said I'm coming okay well then
you can't have anything I've purchased
for a party I'm having a party now we're
having a party
have you just got cheese no oh it's
pasta e of cheese I honestly thought
that was a plate of cheese I just slices
of cheese I was like oh yeah yeah okay
oh now you're friends you know I've got
goodies
yeah they sell kombucha there now he's
always just arrived got your present in
town some macarons papi didn't know I
was come in and then somehow just had a
spare dinner prepared for me legit $10 -
thanks my dinner par Bobby showed me
what you bought in town Jesus showed me
someone said to pop his beer box a
bloody fishing rod with mistletoe on the
end he goes we and then he was done she
was lying to me said he has to edit a
video instead of paying for and I not
latter boy yeah he's never downloaded a
station as areas coming together nails
oh he's got to get their nails down
after I broke them the other day
am i paying for this what you won just
one good morning guys good morning hey
Dana just stuck in some traffic the back
of the car is full of recycling and
rubbish today to be honest with you I
haven't even checked if it's open like
it's so close to Christmas now this
could be bad I just spend their last
like half an hour sorting out all of the
recycle in putting it all really neatly
in the boot so that it all fits
I'll get it so it's so quick to dispose
of your rubbish and of your recycling
once you get here but flat packing it
all down then put it into the car then
drive in here take so long and then all
that bit it's literally just like
seconds this done right time to get back
home I still haven't even eaten anything
today or had a coffee just come watch se
ready lunchtime
I thought after yesterday I'd be done
shopping the amount of you guys that are
bumped into in town
you said past shop and going the Naza
it's really good after today gonna be
done what's now the next day I'm back in
town back shopping again and I'm still
not done hopefully fingers crossed
after today I will be done Zoe's with me
as well although she's not feeling too
great she's woken up with a sniffle with
a cold so being in Busytown in the cold
isn't what she wants to do right now so
we've just stopped off for breakfast
what there's a bloody used temple on the
floor and a pond I get this is why you
don't walk through the back alleys this
is why we don't come this way we should
have just walk the busier normal way
welcome to Brighton everybody good
morning get the video thumbs up if
you're enjoying it I'm actually feeling
very festive there today I'm feeling
good I'm excited I've just got three
presents to buy and they're all small
ones and then I'm completely done oh and
some wrapping paper that's a very good
shot although I need to buy two out of
three presents of for use I always show
up on a blog two out of three presents
of pizzoli
and I'm with Zoe which makes it
incredibly hard to buy them just come
into a little photo booth you know take
some pics for them trying to balance the
camera here
but it just won't balance that's so
annoying it's doing it it's there it
might fall off but it's there okay wait
what poses are we doing oh my god no oh
my gosh I think it's broken
no legit think I've broken that I think
it might be working Alfie just broke his
camera we weren't ready for those oh my
gosh my broken camera it's like it's got
like a blurred effect on it I love it
right should we plan these ones yeah
okay how do you have all day where have
you got these one Bank was robbed can we
plan so let's do like a duckface I got
okay we got yeah the pressure the
pressure of these four pictures to be
perfect here we go look how creepy this
is my imagine seeing that in the night I
don't like that it's on all fours as
well it's scary just come out for tea to
juice which is lit yours in the vlog I
don't if I blogged it now went there
yesterday as well god Zoe everything you
can possibly imagine that's gonna make
her feel better we've got ginger and
lemon hey how's it going I have no idea
who that man was
hey that's what our friends let's go we
got ginger and lemon shot each I got a
match up something something healthy
someplace got immunity boost this is one
thing that I've never had guys a proper
shave look at this guy getting all his
line trimmed up at the moment I've never
had that done like I've always just
trimmed this line and like shaven
everything myself one day I need to book
myself in and have like a proper
the shampoo have a proper wet save maybe
not all the way down like zero or
they'll probably I recommend if I did
that I think I'd honestly look about
seventeen maybe even younger yo check
these this is what I want to get they're
only a one to five but don't then it's
so sick imagine me and Sean or me and
Dad Zoey they're the bikes I've got the
picture of blimey yeah
Oh productive time we're now heading to
Mum and dad's because you know the piano
that I'm getting for Christmas from
Missouri that we ordered the other day
that good that got delivered to mom and
dad's Ross boot and wheelchair so we're
going to go pick that up Bernie it's
like 70 something kilos one of the boxes
and the other is like a massive box as
well guys this is the piano we've got to
somehow fit this in the car yeah how'd
you get it
I kind of left that time lapse a little
bit too long
dad and I were hurt on the way back to
our house dropping off the piano as you
saw and then we're going to call for mum
said there's Alfie still want this
time-lapse going kind of left my camera
we just bit gnar up as well bought back
here we've got turn a good food for
dinner when I was younger and it was
Christmas time I remembered getting some
rollerblades no went to the shop and I
tried them on with my parents and I was
so excited in fact I think poppy even
got something the same time for the same
Christmas and we went and tried them on
and when we got home my mum and dad let
me have one try one time just to make
sure they were all good just to double
check all this out tried them on in the
shop as well but I got one chance to go
around the kitchen once with them on to
see if they definitely fit it was like
the most fun I've ever had in my life
and when I took them off and they had to
be packed back away for two weeks until
Christmas that was awful like that and
literally it was like the biggest tease
in the world you as I hear try your
Christmas present okay now you can't
have it for two weeks that is what this
is like so just arrived in this box and
that even bigger box 85 kilograms or
something this week yes this is my piano
that Zoe's bought me for Christmas that
I'm about to put together I'm not
allowed to play it is vital that I'm not
even allowed to press one key on the
piano but I'm gonna have to build it
then she's gonna wrap it and then I'll
Christmas day I get to unwrap it and
obviously play it and stuff but I'm
gonna build it now so that I don't have
to like spend hours on Christmas Day
building it I have no idea where to
start
it's easier than money tolls I don't
know anything
I've never met a piano before when
buying it that guy did to show us that
it was easy to put together I need to
build the base first and then I just
slot the top on top so this is the base
obviously that's the main enemy now I
need your help so it's just got at the
bar I need your help
that's it
Christmas wait
goodbye blue manic that is exciting I
like honestly I've wanted to have a
piano I've wanted to play the piano for
so long just something to like do my
spare time properly and dedicate a lot
of time into getting good and just I
don't know I'm so excited
commonly explained bit of a switch-up
crazy Friday night what I'm about to
have last night was Thursday I was out
clubbing didn't film any of it because
my camera ran a charge and also I don't
really want to take your camera out
clubbing the last night I went out
clubbing and then tonight Friday night
at home in my boxers plan for tonight on
the PlayStation and I've got a couple of
healthy snacks so I've got a super seed
bar organic I have no idea and then I've
also got a yummy scrummy packed full of
raw wholesome goodness no idea I think
I'm at the point where I'm finally
feeling ridiculously fair
stiff well I think it's because I've
bought 99% of my presents now I've got I
literally said in the Belgae earlier I
thought it's gonna be finished yesterday
I wasn't I thought was going to finish
today turns out I'm not I've got like
two more small presents to get Missouri
tomorrow I'm gonna pop into town but
without her I couldn't get them today
because I was with her it's currently 25
minutes past 9:00 in the evening still
super early I'm gonna session this game
for a little bit and then catch an early
night so I'm gonna leave the vlog here I
hope you've enjoyed it
oh sorry trying to chat about next year
because I know these vlogs have been a
bit up and down and obviously I uploaded
on my pointless blog channel like the
one year anniversary video that everyone
wanted and haven't uploaded I'm a gaming
channel and literally I probably like
six months now or something I'm so
excited for 2018 I really really am so
excited to make 2018 like you just like
happen the new office the new company
it's gonna be so bloody good like so
good I just want to put so much more of
my time into creating into like doing I
hope you're as excited for 2018 as I am
for things that you're working on in
your personal life in your work life and
school and college in uni whatever
you're doing whatever you're up to I
hope that you're as pumped for 2018 as I
am if you're not start to start planning
set up some goals and work hard towards
them I'm gonna leave the vlog here cuz
I'm gonna set this game and then go to
bed let's see how many thumbs up we can
get it it takes one second go down below
hit the thumbs up button subscribe
subscribe if you're not already over
half the people that watch these videos
every day aren't even subscribed so make
sure you are subscribed and I'll catch
you the morning good night guys
