good morning guys and welcome to another
day how you doing I hope you're all
having a lovely day whatever you doing
whatever you're up to we've got some
good news this morning some very very
good news what's just happened we've got
our bad they found their case that they
lost last night poppy has been very very
upset only this morning you have because
she's had to borrow order Zoe's makeup
because if you didn't know we just got
back from Edinburgh last night and when
we write back four out of the five cases
came back flat normal in the airport one
of them was just missing it was the one
with all the puppies makeup and mico and
loads of stuff in it that we didn't want
to lose and we just got the call saying
that they found it today and Gatwick
which is great today is the day
everybody oh my gosh oh my there's
luggage everywhere today is the day they
were going to get our Christmas tree I
wanted to I wanted I want to do these in
the video today as well well where are
my ones I've got something exciting to
do later in the vlog but as I said today
we're going to go get our Christmas tree
I've just editing uploaded yesterday's
vlogs I hope you enjoyed that we're
leaving in minus five minutes were
mentally five minutes ago why is it so
dark in here there we go that's a bit
better I'm so happy that I'm home
because I forgot to take one of these to
mber with me yesterday my twitter feed
and Instagram was full of people opening
these it's the third day so I get to
open three don'tdo door number one I
already know what's in here because I
let you design them all with the team
kismet wreath number two we've got a
little dad or a little sweetie and now a
number three where's number three where
is it there is the kind of not that
bothered that I missed that I didn't
open them in Scotland because how would
you get three in one go a little
reindeer I've also seen a couple of you
tweet me pictures that when you open it
there hasn't been a chocolate there and
I think it's because in the postage like
with the delivery
obviously with these kind of things you
have to be very gentle with how they're
delivered and we try and make sure that
they're packaged as good as possible so
that this doesn't happen but sadly it
has happened to a couple of you not a
lot like in the grand scheme of things
not many of them have actually had this
compared to how many of you have these
but just open the top and then I pop
them back in the right places because
they will be there they might just
falling down to the bottom from the
delivery like you know what some post
men and women are like push it through
your letterbox and then it falls down
and the chocolates Mike that's about it
so Mario the chocolates are indexed I've
seen a couple of tweets been like I
think I'm missing chocolates or open the
door and it's not there it is there but
it might have just fallen down to the
bottom in the postage I'm going to put
this next to my bed there for each
morning
let's get going let's get going
every definitely got keys it's poppy and
Shaun's first time in the new car and
I've been demoted to the back seat even
though this is my car I've been demoted
to the back seat great also I've changed
up guys do you like my Christmassy coat
cigarettes golden it's like a star
the only truth we've arrived at
wilderness woods us about to show you
the sign there we go hey we've right
thank you
we've arrived today we've come to get
our Christmas tree it's very very
festive here this is like the most
festive place in the world a set from
Lapland that you can possibly go you
know why this all Christmas tree is
everyone here's to get the Christmas
tree oh wow it's busy
whoa they've added so much stuff
compared to last year like extra little
wooden buildings look at this this was
not here last time little shops and
things and a little campfire see pop I
think this one is your tree
look how hench this one is mum says it's
not the right kind of tree apparently
these ones drop and everything falls out
forgot mum does wonders are where
gardening classes now tree expert have
to get the certain kind of Christmas
tree so that the needles don't fall out
get in there go go go Zoey get in there
I would you go for the first one and
Zoey I want that one there I want that
one there look go ma'am go I want that
one favor the green label so this is my
one
bloody our mum's been working out
popping Shana found there one join me to
get the bottom for you
oh the man's coming to help you there we
go
done we got it God - thank you label
your record because well we do that
there's our tree all wrapped up thank
you so much oh yeah guys watch mom freak
out mum can you hold that sec we've just
had some lunch had a delicious cheese
toastie and now we've come off to the
Christmas tree plantation which is
basically where you come you pick a tiny
little tree when it's like this big you
write your name on a tag put it on there
and then you come back like a year or
two later and you come and chop it down
Oh mom maybe fell over again that's not
all one that's the point
yeah you'd be crops that wouldn't you if
you picked it like that and then it grew
into this you'd waited years some people
have gone to town they decorate them
before they've even chop them down with
you you get it you get it get it go get
you ready dad no no I know exactly what
you're doing
hold your hand out I have to hand out
take the pain take the pain my family's
tree now go on dad you got this javelin
yeah no you're not I am imagine if
there's a child down there the child my
Christmas is ruined you hit my little
girl we've already picked our Christmas
tree so we're not actually looking for
any cold and so what do you do you jack
it up
go on zip it out can you hold
Oh nearly Bulova put it on the biggest
tree I've hidden Papi's scarf I'll put
it on a tree yes to find that can you do
it so on the biggest tree mama let me
see your hat love it
subtle promo you know just in the
background all the blogs where my match
I've hidden your scarf on a Christmas
tree as a decoration you have to find
that where Bob you can't be Zoey go and
get it though he's going to get it for
poppy
she won't even be tall enough guys we've
lost Zoey you okay legit don't know
where she is
did you fold in about five minutes since
she went to go and get the scarf where
are you we didn't like you anyway we're
gonna go oh wait we can't go home
she's the only one insured on the car
can you block my mama sack because she's
around my being in I need it in your
video just to improve oh this one of
this one is poppy insurance the biggest
one here Bobby it's your of the biggest
which one's the other one 170 okay
join me take the big one dad
dad's got that one I got this run come
on
well you did out you got in the way
that's what we're getting now
polishe you're a nightmare he asked you
to film for him he just hits me on the
head
have you seen our song now look at this
Jim lad probably broke the tree have you
got any rope because he's not gonna be
staying I'll do it my shoelaces mom and
dad have got both of the Christmas trees
on the car see you later see in a minute
do me two pieces we can do videos and
the chances hey dougie dougie dougie
dougie hey we just got to mums and I'm
so excited
we're back NOLA mom's got a new carpet
as well just super nice and squishy gum
Ned out to the toilet out to the toilet
outside come on coming in coming in
don't do it don't what is this
you got presents Oh lemonade you're
jumping on the edge ah oh my god what is
that thank you
Oh doggies one tear how am I meant to
open this I'm not strong enough
oh no you guys know that I love gin and
tonics so much this is a different gin
every single dead you know the best
thing I've got three to catch up on it's
a from Croatia its London Dry Gin from
Croatia oh my gosh pop it back in this
is amazing
I mean a moment to open this in the
morning yeah
you have a few light Chinon number two
that's got that's from Italy and Italian
Jen Kelly and Jim and number three today
go open it is Bulgarian gin Bulgarian
Jen we got present for both of you so
thanks for looking after nyla he wants
to open now yes Lee hey guy I think
you're gonna really love it you have to
use it for this sake I've got cameras in
roughen promise that you'll use it yeah
promise of what you can't have that I
don't need this for is your road you're
very horns better we know where's my
wooden team art we're doing a penis
that's a girl as well she's got a VJ and
boobies no it's called penis
this one's dog a game yeah yeah yeah
this one's got boobies
you're quite right there you go that's
four on your tree the x-rated video down
time to get my button aloft huh I mean
this is how you do it
oh crap
huh oh my gosh crap going up into the
loft then you know it's up go my gosh
it's cold
apparently I've got to try and find a
Christmas tree stand for me and Zoey
that's up here
my old softbox is for my vlogs my
fishing box when I was younger at Lowe's
my cuddly toys by the bloomin heck is
the crisper there it is this is what I
was looking for half the stuff up here
is my childhood stuff the Christmas tree
is finally in our front room although it
is all still wrapped up so we need to
cut it up you know what we do need Zoey
the handheld Hoover to Hoover up all the
little spiky bits that come off a buzzy
boy mum and dad to help and poppy and
Shaw and take their Christmas tree and
sort all of that out here we go
this is a cool need I'm going out in a
minute going ice-skating with a load of
my friends from school and college so
I'm not sure what we're going to
decorate the tree tonight or what we're
going to do that tomorrow
after argument over five minutes
no not even 20 minutes how to do the
trade who was doing the right and who's
doing it wrong
mum and dad have come back over to pick
up bars and they're basically now doing
it themselves mum and lodgement bought
some wood dad's nailing it all in dad's
done it in like a minute
buzz is happy with it remember next year
cool eggs hello how you doing why are
they stolen Oh Lila wants to say hello
Nala she's here
I was just unpacking my stuff for my
trip and I remembered why am I not in
focus there we go I remembered that
whilst up in Edinburgh
I bought some Christmas candies and
Christmas snacks let's go so chocolate I
don't actually this technically says
candy on it this first one is Phipps
candy cane covered pretzels limited
edition apparently the next one is
Reese's peanut butter trees Christmas
trees and the next one is peppermint
cream Christmas Oreos
I've got to be quick because I'm going
Christmas shopping and town closes in
one hour 15 minutes please quickly try
all of these is that oh my they smell
insect let's snap out of smell
incredible aren't they it's not good
genuinely amazing I don't even like
perhaps also event oh my gosh oh it's
actually amazing look at them as well
next up Reese's peanut butter trees I
don't know how much of a fan I am of
Reese's that is a weak attempt at a tree
shape let's be real dad's like the worst
reshape I've ever seen it's good it's a
recent piece in the tree
nothing special or limited about that
one it's good but it's normal recent
piece peppermint cream Oreo again don't
know how I'm feeling about them being
peppermint flavored Oreos is that just
gonna ruin not all they're not amazing
they smell me them I mean I'm saying
they're okay but I definitely just go
through a whole packet in and evening
not too bad actually
look why good this is gonna be like make
your Christmas these are oh my gosh like
I don't think you're even ready close to
either good but it is incredible what
are these cool like I want to go and get
another packet now in town hmm isn't
that good like I'm not even exaggerating
guys these are actually insane mm-hmm
what they were my meals and look at it's
right
probably 75% pretzel and only chocolate
coated surely it's not a bad view
because it's not all chocolate mint pick
out yeah oh my god okay so I come in
KitKat or a meat club yeah but even
better that I germanium no oh my god
I tell you exactly what it is driven by
by cats and then dessert in a minute
like yeah yeah it tastes like that I'm
running even more lay I'm trying to pick
what to wear tonight I'm going to shop
in to shopping going to town this is
lovely
every I'm going to have so many layers
on top of that I'm going to town then I
got for dinner then I've got an ice
skating then I going for drinks this is
quite warm Zoe's gonna pick my outfit
for me I think this and then a black
jacket on top brilliant this one but
that's quite posh I'm going shopping by
myself first
yeah I wouldn't necessarily this is posh
blue minute
you're right is this how you get dressed
oh oh I can't this is too tight yes you
tight you put on weight since since
buying this blue my neck what do you
think of the final look guys crimping
t-shirt quite a posh little jacket and a
red beanie if you like it
dude the video 10 thumbs up login to 10
different YouTube channels give it a
thumbs up if you don't own 10 channels
go make some more YouTube channel so you
can thumbs up my videos I'm joking these
gloves are way too thick goodbye
so just got to town guys park my car up
and I have exactly 35 minutes where the
bloomin L is the time gone I swear I had
like an hour and a half now I've got 35
minutes yo look how festive town looks
alright so many of you guys are stopping
for pictures town lets you close in 20
minutes and put one present so far this
is what happens I come into town and
then I just find things that I like this
coat is like I can't even describe how
soft it is I have to get it
that is the goals imagine doing a 24
hour overnight challenge in there but
hiding in a Christmas place for 24 hours
all the shops are closed in Italy
they're shut as late as you can see are
all closed in is 7 o'clock I managed to
get myself a coat myself a hoodie and
two presents was always a band calendar
so overall I think it's pretty good to
me too Zoe the only annoying thing is
that I haven't had a chance to do Zoe's
up a calendar today so I know it's day
three and you're all waiting for it
you're gonna have to wait till tomorrow
because I'm come out now for the evening
just dropped everything on my car put on
the new coat because it is so thick and
warm like I cannot even describe how
snug this new coat is and it's got the
biggest hood probably what have you just
said no please just say it what do you
think your think it like are you I don't
if you're being serious or not
holy honestly thinks the eggs come from
you're 23 holiday chicken eggs come from
chickens chickens lay eggs okay like how
laying an egg how big would that be
thank you so much
look how cool this is this looks so cute
we may or may look how big my hood is we
may or may not be 15 minutes late
because dinner took so long
there we go may our perfect how's your
evening going good and thank you so much
sure these ones look fancy got my skates
on oh good
you okay Holly Holly is having a match
you couldn't do skates up doesn't have
to use the lockers needs are we it's got
extra tights or an extra protection
though just in case you Falls it when
she falls over are you definitely gonna
fall over on purpose why don't you join
slide like a penguin on your stomach
here we go look how busy it is go on
Holly
I think this is going to be a slow lap
for Holly oh how is she gonna do it oh
you're not gonna you're not gonna fall
down come on come on you got this
Holly's getting really good are you
enjoying it yet
so we're walking along the pavements
pretty smooth
hey guys I don't feel under pressure
Fisher as well
hey how many people film themselves done
that dorky okay so be nice game and then
and Alfie stunts but now I'm gonna make
it like a David Attenborough Oh a
species good Ollie it's just done a very
weird jump my survival instinct will
kick it you're so zoomed in then even
not anymore
you're doing a hard time finding not
anymore or Alfie Ollie's pin super fast
it's right going on and that's yours
get that one in
ready
Oh
you're
just go home guys oh my gosh is five
minutes past 2:00 thank you guys that I
plan to just go ice-skating with all of
the gals and then ended up going for
drinks after it because they'd booked a
table in a bar and tons of other friends
and Olli and Ross and Lowe's people
joined us and then randomly one were in
the bar said to Holly do not be so good
right now if we went to karaoke so I
went on their website on my phone book
the karaoke rooms from my phone and then
we all headed over there and when we got
there there was a card in the room
already that said thank you so much
Alfie for vlogging here last time we
loved it so much here's a free bottle of
champagne when we got there and even a
happy birthday card to Holly as well
because they've seen a much waited
videos Holly's birthday I did drive down
to town but because I've had three
cocktails I'm definitely not risking
driving back and never ever drink
anything and drive like not even a
mouthful it's just not worth it so I've
left my car in town I'm gonna go pick it
up tomorrow I'm gonna have a guys thank
you so much for watching today if you
enjoyed it give the video a thumbs up
let's go down below smash the thumbs up
button let's see how many you can
possibly get I'm not even gonna say
you're tryin just go down below give it
as much thumbs up as you possibly can
subscribe if you're not already I don't
get you in the morning good night guys
oh I just realized I left Zoe's new
Advent presents in my car in town I'm
gonna have to go to town early tomorrow
morning good night guys very special
present to you okay cuz you've been good
all of this you have it
