good morning guys good morning and
welcome to the first let me open the
blinds let me get some Sun in this room
oh the neck oh my gosh I actually kind
of cut always a lovely day though quit
cheeky weather check look at that blue
sky welcome to the first day of vlogmas
you've all been asking if I'm doing it
this year I am cuz I do every day of
every year so I'm definitely doing
vlogmas everyone else has prepared
breakfast what have been editing the
yesterday's vlog Merry Christmas guys
this looks insane
merry merry straight after breakfast
were back to the reality of being
youtubers Zuri is editing and I'm about
to edit ready mark three two one catch
oh right we've come out to a place today
why is my camera not focusing I'm all
dressed wear my new clothes that I got
yesterday got like a little crumpled
t-shirt I'm a new coat on let me know
what you think in the comments when
heading out to a place called is it
stock bridge is it stock bridge well
stock well not stock well not stock poor
either stock bridge because apparently
there's a lot more like independent
shops here rather than up on the high
street princess street is more like top
man top shop hmm the Apple Store
apparently this is the place to be this
is red the cool kids shop so that's
where we've come today and that's what
we get up to later on hatch I'm not
going to tell you what we're doing later
on I'm going to save that you'd see
later on we've cooked something exciting
also also also I should just say because
so many of you been tweeting me to ask
if I've made Zoe an advent calendar
because last year I don't if you
remember but in Zoe's vlogmas videos
every single morning she had a different
present for me wrapped up and I had to
answer a riddle to her to find out where
the present was and then to had to open
it I have done an advent calendar of
presents for Zoe this year and she's
going to be opening the present every
single morning in these videos stick
around make sure you're subscribed if
you want to see but stupidly I brought
the first couple of brothers along so if
you're an editor at the moment with me
today but I forgot to bring any wrapping
paper so I haven't been unwrapped them
so Zoe hasn't be able to open number one
yet oil we have got tin foil but I mean
that scraping the barrel isn't yet
I feel like today we're going to find
some wrapping paper and then later on in
the vlog I know it will be delayed
Missouri can open first Advent present
from me basically what I'm saying is yes
I have done a present having Canada for
Zoey every morning but we're in Scotland
and I forgot fiber paper we're going to
do it we're going to sort it all out
might just got weed on we've come into
this really cute little shop I can't
help guys join a former band with me
that's your one yeah you do that
Arneson oh yeah yeah oh goody oh that is
just lovely who are a lovely shot for
Instagram Sean's just found the best
wrapping paper it's copper they're Zoe's
presents
thanks so much just got so a couple of
Advent presents everyone else is in the
shop where I bought this coat and this
t-shirt yesterday but I am far too
Quinn's doubt even think about going in
there when I only bought all of this
stuff oh crap
when I only bought all of this stuff
yesterday and then I walk in wearing
half the bloomin shop I can't be doing
that that's far too awkward so I'm I'm
waiting outside I just wanted to bring
something up because a lot of people
have been asking online and I completely
forgot to say is weird that I even have
to say but I can believe forgot to say
people ask him why I'm not wearing my
love band bracelet and why Zoe isn't
wearing hers as well it's Knox we've
broken up it's not because we don't love
each other anymore it's purely because
mine keeps on falling off I told you
guys Anna blogged the other day so I've
actually sent my enough to get repaired
and Zoe took hers off because I don't
know if you know if you have one
yourself you know somebody who does you
that they're locked onto your wrist
basically you have to have a screwdriver
like a certain little screwdriver to
take them on and off and because they're
metal when you go through the security
at the airport they beep every single
time so you 100 percent of the time get
like patted down and checked in the
airport just takes so much longer get
pulled to the side and pad it and take
your shoes off and everything like that
so Zoe just took hers off because it's
just so much more effort going to the
airport and knowing that you're going to
set the alarm off that is why we haven't
gotten the month
ABB's cringe Elizabeth I was cringing
did you not get anything yeah I told
them eyes eyes Paulo to walk good for me
to go in there of course it is which
we've met enough YouTube and we're
getting tips off of him
hey way to go Spanish guy where to go in
Scotland apparently Harry Potter yeah
and if you go along to do you not if you
search the festival theatre yeah I run
the corner so if you just go down as you
can see this yeah thank you so much good
luck with vlogmas man see you later
this little road looks like an Instagram
to me sorry this is all I want in my
life
I want a husky so bad all I want in my
life
it's a husky
imagine cuddling this dog in bed look at
the size of his feet its paws hey can
you touch them oh look how good he is as
raw you could easy just run away like
this leads barely even on it see you
later
good bye just topped off in a little
coffee shop grab some lunch
these are the prettiest hot chocolates I
have ever seen we just walking past the
British Heart Foundation and there was a
book that I want and I've wanted for so
long in the window which is called so
you've been publicly shamed it's only
one pound fifty thank you so much go go
go in the gate King all right
Shawn's got seven pound 50 that's all of
the cash we've got on us and the taxi is
7:35 know why
no matter it was meant to be all right
continue in our shopping well let's be
honest a silicon shop and thank you so
much ma'am oh my god I say we come
shopping look at that whoa look at that
What did he say I don't know what you
said it's always shout it out they
shouted I just got a bit excited
considering we've come through a lot of
shopping today I'm the only person with
a bag and there's literally like one
thing in there last summer we went to
this little cafe pumpkin brown and we
got ginger shots that was so ginger II
don't I really got into real ginger oh
no they don't have any ginger shot song
for all of them yeah and Olaf Olaf Olaf
ginger shot the woman made them fresh
for these guys not that bad
they're not last time it was like
knocked my head off she's been happening
oh that's really good it's time to go
ice-skating and I'm so excited I told
you guys to be s on that phone book
we're going ice skating right now and
apparently it's like a circular
ice-skating rink that goes around this
massive column probably should know the
name of it but I don't know the name
column column
yeah it's called columns column all in
Pauling's voila yeah that's what it's
called in toddler is that call it people
gonna be like that is not calling that's
off a roller figure I'm sorry
people of Edinburgh I don't know who the
man is at the top of this tower see I
only get to go ice skating hey I did I
only ever get to go ice skating when
it's Christmas I wish there was a good
ice skating rink in Brighton I would go
all the time this is the most Christmas
of all I apologize about my girlfriend
she's printed off she's printed off a
whole tree they go is it won't really
see it's a family dream wait war all of
these that this is for the rise like one
pass for yes no blurmeh neck
this guy means business should have
bought a woolly hats and gloves the
hardest bit is always the first step on
this lights so wobbly and then this
place my clothes don't yawn get that
going you go first
here we go I can't do this go mark this
is it - I've come Scotland just see mark
I skate yeah they said that we are
allowed cameras and all phones out but
if they break then it's our own fault
and all their own obviously did you see
that gasps Jack yet no so many people
are falling over where is he here he is
hey man you're good honestly
of course there you go I'm back from
Ireland and ask you the relate all the
fights gone over there quick catch up no
don't don't don't rush don't I don't
want you to fall over there
there we go Zoe yeah we got a little
train going on poppy and Zoe
we're officially walking into the end of
a Christmas market we going on here
those got tickets for everything you
bought online earlier thank you so much
we're going on a double-decker carousel
the one thing I hate more than anything
is spinning round
I've been forced to go on some spinny
thing no man I'm gonna be sick like I'm
literally I'm gonna be sad even started
I might sit there I want to be on that
bench instead why man done this why you
any Christmas all right come and then
let's go for a spin just a little bit
hello Jesus there is no gram oh that's
not good
how you feeling bro I'm good or you keep
already home or the legs inside oh my
gosh I only know you can't eat for a
couple of hours maybe sick whoo
so I know you don't like roller coasters
but I think you should go on this one
that's perfect so II sighs we're going
on a train ride apparently Santa's train
station right outside it here he is so
funny-looking Santa
we get crazy oh we're going on
grumpy Bobby that's so cool I was good
oh this way three we're leaving the
world and coming into a Christmas tree
maze Oh No
where are you guys go in your name shall
we not split up and look for clues
they're all teamed up together
we found all the letters the secret
password is actually I don't know if I
should tell you because some of you
might live in Edinburgh will be visiting
Edinburgh and I don't want to be leaking
any passwords so Neil's work oh we found
it
the elves workshop we have to say the
password oh no did you get the password
wrong
lapiz happy thank you so much Christmas
elf
thank you take having a Christmas good
luck making the presents see you later I
love your jumper so he's got some
chocolatey balls poppy blooming out what
is that oh is it good hmm not so good oh
my gosh so let's have a potato and this
machine cuts are all up
oh yeah get up
then you pop them in the deep fryer
and may or may not have just had a
bratwurst sausage and now straight we're
got some mini chocolate pancakes it's
always on the stairs last one loses the
last one has a big forfeit how am I the
only one no come on guys I've just eaten
a bloomin massive hotdog first run wins
what they don't realize is that I'm the
one with the keys first one wins last
one loses joins the loser see you later
girls
my legs inside you so go like this looks
like I need a wee week we've left the
girls back at the place where we're
staying
they're ordering food and chilling and
doing face masks and stuff I mean
marking Shawn we're back maybe upon
cheers ma'am
one and a half points here one and a
half points there means Shawn that's
mine that's Michael that's Michael
that's the way my best mark and then
we've got another three points they're
waiting only guacamole
oh these beginner's luck under is in
practice in as I oh my god
Michael's one who Michael one Michael as
one that is step yet this last ones me
wait can we show her how each got beat
by Michael how is that happen I feel
like it happened in two minutes as well
yeah look at Mark sitting at the bar can
I get five shots of tequila please
bring our third game today guys this is
nine types of beer down right we're
halfway through the third game we've
ordered tons of food three two one
yes you're gonna play the game legend
he's gonna regret that so much tomorrow
morning know you'll be the reason why we
don't shake our third round I'm winning
I've got four left these guys have one
left
it's busy cheating powered by gingers my
blood oh shut up here we who are you
Eddie this is the last one let's clean
the ball for them ah what's the plan
what's the plan boys and boy we up Jay
so tonic now Walter you ask you they
complained maybe wrong friends
what we up to you guys I should shy what
they necklace on keep it no the day oh
you're such a good boy I'm gonna go and
hand it back March got really cute
letter from one of you guys that you met
earlier
okay look at that ring it is 9 p.m. it's
still the 1st of December guys and he's
going after his first active present
I've got to present choices to give to
Zoe I don't know which one to do today I
think that's it that's looking pretty
good considering we've just played three
rounds of beer pong and had a gin and
tonic just to warn you mark is quite
drunk he's mark I thought I'm Michael oh
sorry
looks good doesn't it love it alright
you ready for your first Advent present
yeah it's not the weird one that's
coming tomorrow
do you like the rap in no I did ages ago
so what do I have a present every day
yeah what color could you buy what color
is that
Oh copper what color's the face is like
a mini one of the ones we saw do I get
just be a desk oh no it's just for Zoey
not for you my present was seeing me
drunk tonight
I'm not drunk you are mainly but you are
as earlier I wore and now I'm sober 20
minutes later know you've been rocking
present you like it yeah mark do a
cartwheel
go on hit the cartwheel quick three
three two one go cotwell cotwell do i'm
properly go on going oh do you want
first
yeah go on I would you want fascinating
you repeat after me hey Maya
you got that hot I need it we love ya
dude watched you in the air thought well
I'm going to put in this mouth
mah slits like half past ten and it's
time for me to pack up all of our stuff
because tomorrow morning bright and
early
we're leaving here it literally feels
like we only just got here and we're
already leaving I'm super sad although
I'm really excited to get home and see
Nala if you've enjoyed the vlog go down
below give it a thumbs up your challenge
today we're just going to go big it's
the first official day of vlogmas 50,000
thumbs up 50,000 good and below smash
the thumbs up button subscribe if you're
not already YouTube have also been
having some issues recently I know
they're trying their absolute best to
fix it but they've accidentally
unsubscribed some people from channels
that they watch so even if you think
you're subscribed make sure that you
actually aren't going down below check
that you're subscribed subscribe if
you're not and I'll catch you in the
morning
good night guys you guys haven't seen
this place yet have you yesterday I did
a little tour also I just do a new one
now
