good morning and welcome back to the
Christmas holiday pad if you missed out
yesterday's video you're not gonna have
a clue where I am what I'm literally
standing here basically naked in front
of all of these people okay let me
quickly just let me just quickly sort
this out right if you didn't see
yesterday's video you're not gonna have
a clue where I am
we're in Scotland we're in Edinburgh I'm
all dressed and ready for the day are
you doing mark good the games I'm going
to eat in an orange
Shawny boys edited poppy is doing a hair
in the mirror literally the girls look
exactly the same right this is poppy and
then we're going to walk around here and
this is Zoe literally the same as I was
sitting on floor minute go if I
soundless be because I got my braces in
I don't really know what we're getting
up to today I feel like though you guys
haven't seen this place yet have you
yesterday I did a little tour also I
just do a new one now I feel like I do a
new one now I did film at all yesterday
to put into today's video but I might as
well just freshen up and do a new one
now yeah Zoe thinks I should use
yesterday's tour because it was all tidy
in the beds were made and stuff so cut
to yesterday's tour this was filmed the
day before this blog I'll let they've
even got a nest we've just walked into
the apartment and it is crazy
oh my gosh look at this for a front room
all of this the kitchen I haven't been
in any other rooms yet there's a
bathroom down there so you come in three
rooms
oh my gosh I love this
the rooms are so sick look at this the
views are just beautiful this is so cool
let me see the bathroom down here look
at the bath oh this room is henge this
room is so big I'm betting this in
tomorrow's clip oh geez this one is like
an ensuite and its massive
so this is mine and Zoey's room hello
and the views are just insane it's got
one of those like proper like therapist
kind of chairs the rooms are just so big
I can't get over like look at the size
of this water by going roots too tall
and I'm so tall everything is just so
big this is crazy this place is
absolutely crazy like it's like the
goals of an apartment it doesn't feel
like we're in a flat because the
ceilings are like so damn high up in
here we're just waiting for these two to
be finished and Shaun to finish editing
I've already entered an upload in my
blog or scheduled and ready for tonight
yeah course I have and then we're going
to head out grab a coffee and go get
some breakfast
what did you say pop which in Who am I
what I'm always ready before you for the
last four months of enjoyment five days
a week so new me up early get my edit
done upload my video so it's not late
for these guys have breakfast hit the
gym but though there's no gym here so I
can't actually hit the gym weather check
everybody I'm not going to show you any
lower than this because I don't want to
give away where we're staying so we just
popped
we came in yesterday's video to grab
another coffee on though this morning
they don't have any decaf some happened
to get some coffee not allowed it
doesn't matter it's too good to miss out
one they've got new iPads in here that
you can just sit down and use this is
the website guys this is the place where
we are because yesterday I said I didn't
know the name of that
check out this tap it blows up words to
clean out your glass
holy moly I'm being serious that's sick
I want one of them that is amazing
thank you thank you so you shouldn't pop
your pitch and she's not allowed to
laugh wait show them it show the camera
first I think Oh easy mission okay look
at that sausage mmm spiral ah thank you
so much Zoey's currently taking a
picture of our shoes on the tiles we
finished our breakfast oh good oh thanks
alright guys Cheers
don't think I ever feel much a never
reach meant for a lovely breakfast now
we're heading out to do some Christmas
shopping
shot number one we just come into Urban
Outfitters who's actually got pretty big
boy section here this is the perfect
shot to get some stocking fillers just
popped in size look at some sneakers
I've got the new triple black on cage
whole face bar not really that feeling
I've got the last one right now on the
third they just don't really look that
black they look like below great
I'm not sold now I'm split up from all
of the others level shopping in shops
that I'm not ever going to end up buying
anything in just because I don't need to
stuff for myself and it's tough half of
people there in shops like Zara kids and
H&M and Fri Mar I don't have you gone
into shops like those and buy stuff for
myself I want to buy presents for other
people so I've just got up on the map on
my phone now some shops that I want to
go to left or the others let's go do
some successful Christmas shopping
so shop him on myself turned into buying
a stupid amount of stuff and we're back
oh oh my gosh my hand is dead I'm like
ah holding on so tight on the way back
we went to the cupcake place cookies
that we went to last time oh my gosh
gone we got one of every cupcake they
sell I don't even know one of my first
everyone started going in on the
cupcakes is it good haha so I'm not
gonna film these too much because last
time we're in Edinburgh oh my shut the
camera down go check out the video and
we tried all of them on camera then go
and get that is it good
oh my girl are you alright
got one of me today up oh I know what I
was trying to help me out
oh my god there's Charlotte chocolate
yes sir
I don't think it's gonna be I wanted a
cheesecake but this I've got my own this
one oh you all done she tweeted off his
bones just a little tail I love where
this blog we're gonna have a fight
competition or doing it the line three
three two one back down I'll do it in
seconds I'm so unfair the carpet is just
flicked on my time oh I can't do it I'll
give you some words of it 97 some come
on guys you can do it you've got 15
seconds more oh look at the mark for ten
seconds
come on you do very well do it for the
times 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
whoa and that's it just a little workout
session we did five Hungarian what's it
called a Hungarian this one con what
it's called Jim people where you have
one leg up like that Hungarian one
legged squat or something one minute in
dish one minute in plank
we've got some guests coming over in 20
minutes guys some guests who are from
Scotland trying guess now down below
no cheating a commented later we've got
some guests coming over who live in
Scotland I think they live in like
Aberdeen so quite far away and they've
come down to Edinburgh to stay for a
couple of days and to hang out of us for
one of the evenings I shouted them out
recently in a YouTube video and they
gained like if you haven't guessed
already Daniel and Bethany Young's and
River coming over to chill and have
dinner and it is today the very very
very last the final the finale the grand
finale of the missing I cannot even tell
you how excited I am to just find out
the missing is the TV show that I watch
and I talk about all the time in these
vlogs and it's one of those shows where
you just kind of have no idea what is
happening the whole way through you're
like okay that person did this this
person to that and then it's just wrong
you're wrong like it's impossible to
work out who does what and why stuff has
happened so tonight is going to be like
the big grand reveal and I'm so excited
we popped out actually haven't popped
out we've come out for the evening I
fell asleep on the bed woke up we show
it near my comedian tees I was
completely out of there like I was so
tired fell asleep for about fifteen
minute powering up on the bed super good
power now woke up my vlog had gone live
ten minutes ago so I spent some time
reading for your comments reading your
tweets and everything like that when I
had an out we've met up with the other
guys that I've met earlier
and we're we're heading out to a light
show tonight have no idea what to expect
it kind of looks like Disney it looks
really really cool
oh I can hear some singing I can hear
someone singing have we made it in time
the lead bit of a big fight today then
you can just the baby thank you so much
perfect it started now
get it get up
go make get the Instagram get that get
the Instagram going yes perfect
funny Bach disordered a drink they serve
Nativity doesn't like it you have to
drink it mark come on it's gonna burn
you as I smoking
thank you much boss thank you ah
thank you so much the guy gave me a
sticker
unfortunately they're having a technical
difficulty tonight so the show didn't
happen like it was meant to so I think
it said they just press play on a CD and
it's hung some songs were played some
songs and then they did some like fun
stuff with the lights but it wasn't what
was meant to happen but he was still
good it was really really great it's all
over now and we're just walking the
streets exploring real life this is just
gym the tonics here I'm here at that
time beers literally to just come into a
little bar and we've all just nibbles
and some drinks and the portions I
thought we were here yesterday you the
portions are ridiculous
look at those chicken nachos Wow what's
happened so dad was trying to get
Christmas number one releasing this hard
to release this song next week it's just
playing us a sneak peek of it your lover
Oh Jake is that you used to be in a
group with two friends of his and they
used to rap and they released an album
yeah you showed us some of his stuff so
here watching don't get Scranton's I'd
be careful she's gonna she's never gonna
give her back
don't gazzarri definitely
I love your show the next series like
sandbox newbies see you later guys yeah
the baby's gone I thought so he's gonna
steal River for a second
obviously not like a baby go mark
got your trampoline haha smile for a
picture he's not that my it's time for
the final of the missing how exciting
my gosh guys he excited
this is not this is so sick
everyone is what do you think that was
incredible that was such there's only
one thing that I would have changed and
I'm not going to say it to these guys
because I don't want to leak it but oh
my god that was insane it's currently
the next morning I completely forgot to
end this vlog I was so tired for some
reason yesterday as soon as the mission
finished I fell straight to sleep so
hope you enjoyed the video if you did
guys you know what to do go down below
smash a thumbs up let's see how many we
can possibly get tomorrow for you which
is today for me is the first day of
vlogmas even though i vlog every single
day everyone's been asking me if i'm
doing vlogmas i am because i do every
single day so get excited for that
subscribe if you're not already and i'll
see you tomorrow
getting that guys come on
