come on it is absolutely freezing I look
like I'm going skiing or snowboarding
but I do you guys good good morning guys
good morning good morning
today we are off on a plane flying to
Edinburgh we're flying to Edinburgh
today we've already checked through and
gone through security and everything
like that
we're just walking onto the plane now
super excuse our little plane there's
our pilot hey eyes wavered haha
eternity glance conceived at the boiler
just wave to us let's go let's go let's
go let's go
you already try to pull my job
yeah I've already messed up some boards
over headphones in there because she
forgot has completely forgot to get
myself something bring a line now I'm
going to edit my vlog
oh shut yeah where are your hair let me
see
no you look how good Sean Sean Lesniak
days are much shorter Scottish camera on
a little tripod on the window you having
fun
Avery Avery funny side in the center
everyone's going these nice artsy shots
are the window no I take one of the team
sat in the middle so this is a going to
be your time-lapse okay okay joy yeah
these are the window behind is probably
like 10 times better as well look at the
window just behind that's too bright
it's better
just woken up I'm sleep in the entire
water off start pressure headache
I've no idea how I will
broke my neck
badly give me a Boise towelette so your
camera out how excited excited excited
excited thanks so much
cheers thanks
strange thing with this Airport when you
come through you land and then you walk
through the bit where everyone else is
coming in so an advocate with lo the new
shops there we go there it is
when he's going to collect our luggage
because we checked in some luggage on
this flight and then I don't know how
we're actually going to go to where
we're staying we looking jump in the
taxi probably need to because there's a
lot of us or Shawn we're not going shoe
shopping no or apparently there's a
tramp donate just so happens this is
your spot
alright let's go you ready I know it
looks like the left marks back in London
sorry about that man well I saw that man
over there take yours
he stole it this could be it this could
be it is it yeah that's it that's the
one that's the one if they
yeah is it perfect and marks got his
case Hey
awesome thank you so much amazing
we've just pumped out to a little coffee
shop and it has the most impressive
looking coffee machine everything looks
at the inside of like a Ferrari or
something it looks so good the sake the
math just made me look amazing of course
I did go decaf for me so good burn
finish up my coffee it was so delicious
the Zoey even like Tim and Zoey does not
like coffee and she enjoyed that it was
so good I don't know if the name of the
place where it's from and so the only
thing I can show you is the little logo
which is like a mountainside but it is
beautiful we're walking over a bridge at
the moment it's sin the architecture
here is crazy
that's so so cold everywhere just looks
like a really awesome car so we
currently walk in - wait are we going to
wait Rose we're currently walking into
Waitrose try and buy some food to be
able to cook for dinners and have a
breakfast and stuff like that we get so
lucky when we come here with the weather
Wow yeah I may have just eaten the
biggest chicken sandwich in the world
but
they have the same sushi thing as they
do in Brighton
oh my gosh Sean what you're more excited
for food sushi for sushi
papi way more excited about food shop or
sushi not always Zoe
what you again I'm gonna tan always
tells me and I'm buying the organic
large gara gara time doesn't if you're
confused I just like it would be provide
carrot battens to dip in the hummus
cookie sheets a whole carrot just dipped
in so that's what we're gonna try today
from the look of our trolley you think
we're staying here for like a month
then we've got a bit carried away now
yeah we are going to eat a lot here it's
been a while since I was blogging guys
I'm trying not to vlog where we're
staying today because last time I vlog
where we were staying so many of you
came and just waited outside where we
were staying wasn't really too great it
was like it's very busy and we couldn't
really do anything and we just got
followed everywhere so today I'm trying
not to film anything of where we're
staying
there's been a few hours since since our
last vlog we get with the food put with
the food away had a couple of drinks and
now we're out in Princes Street just
doing a bit of bit of shopping you know
the vlogs just gone up as well I think
the time is about 10 minutes to 6:00 and
we're just out and about roaming the
streets
seeing what happens I want to make
Edinburgh place where we just come more
frequently but I could be actually think
about it
we left the small inner like 7:30 or
like a mall at 8 o'clock and we were
here by lunchtime like it's crazy
I want to start coming up even if it's
just for like one or two nights every
now and again it's so beautiful up here
this marks first time are you enjoying
it beautiful my mind is just blown isn't
the architecture just in second one is
there is the other buildings just so
lovely I do know that I literally look
like an easter egg
I've got being you on underneath mode
look at me in my vlog camera mark
I shoot like an egg we're heading over
to the Christmas market this is my first
Christmas market of the year we tried to
go to that one on the London Road in
Brighton do you remember like but it
just wasn't very Christmasy and I ended
up buying like a sausage roll or
something this looks like a proper
Christmas market would like a perhaps
worse sausage and it looks so cute
they've even got a ferris wheel up as
well straight away the first thing I see
is the sausages I was talking about that
I wanted no Alfie you've already eaten
too much Hagen today oh my gosh this is
so cool
how insane does that look oh my god guys
down here is Santa land
what hey that looks in say no way look
at all of those lights
alright I'm gonna have to run I'm so far
behind because of that time lapse
they're all waiting for me way up there
I hope it was worth it if you enjoyed
the time-lapse give the video a thumbs
up down below go go go go go just got
out of the taxi and we've come to a
place to play beer pong this is so
exciting I hope it's all open and
everything I can see a cheeky little
beer pong table and a head happy we're
taking a seat
boss these guys set out for us the table
here we go we're going to pour them in
there I don't trust myself if I'm gonna
you're not gonna pour it Oh Juliet hold
it straight out really high I don't okay
our portrait yeah because I will spin it
right so you got three blanks here
how much you put in each one a lot maybe
yeah
we've filled up all of the glasses the
table was set out yeah you're going to
get drink well we're going to be
drinking a lot there's three points here
on the table there's three points
there's going to be a quick name what
are the team's remark me III yeah okay
that basically means are you guys
drinking are you two drinking is getting
through these two are drinking every
time we lose how I have to drink and
then you got fast
oh yes cheesy you want to drink yet mark
a stir down there you go boy we put
three in so far they go you're not
Oh oh my gosh these two I've ordered the
most insane looking cocktail that looks
amazing they've only got one cup left
we've got to go short it's your go oh
here we go you ready this is the last
one and that means you guys have to
drink you guys have to finish up our
ones as well no it does
we didn't say that's how you play I take
your beating you have to finish whatever
was left and that one as well
we've just got back to where we're
staying and getting it in the vlog now
we're about to order some food and hang
out and chill and use some lush bath
bombs and have a couple of bars and do
face masks and stuff I don't want to
vlog while we're saying because it will
get very very busy outside which want to
spend the next couple of days chillin
hanging out in Edinburgh without getting
too crazy and out of hand you know so I
hope you've enjoyed the vlog if you have
give it a big ol thumbs up go down below
let's see how many we can possibly get
thank you so much for all of the love
and the support and yesterday's video
where we picked up the new car subscribe
if you're not already I'll see you
tomorrow good night guys win the new car
but the only bad thing is and I'm just
gonna throw out the straightaway get one
bad thing out the way
