goodbye good morning guys
today it is Monday morning it's time to
get your butt out of bed get to the gym
get to school get to college get to work
whatever it is you need to do today damn
it
it's Tuesday for you and I'm saying all
of this trying to hype you up for Monday
morning but it's actually Tuesday
whatever day the week it is that you're
watching this video I hope you're having
a lovely day and just remember to get
out there and do something new try
something today that you've always
wanted to do but you've never ever
pushed that extra mile gone that extra
bit and got it done better now is guess
who actually heard your camera I can't
see anything because the sun is shining
so bright today oh my gosh today is
gonna be an amazing day everybody
today's a day I've been waiting for for
years like absolutely years and to fully
celebrate what is happening today we
need to get the day off with some sushi
whoa I got so much sushi and I'm in the
best mood ever because today I don't
even know how to say this guys I feel so
so bloomin lucky like today I'm going I
don't even have to say it today I'm
going to pick up possibly my dream car
like I'm going to get a new car today
and I'm so excited I'm so so excited a
few months ago myself Zoe poppy and Sean
we rented a car and we drove up to
Edinburgh then the car we rented was a
Range Rover Evoque possibly my dream car
that I've always always always wanted
since I was younger is an Audi r8 it
looks like this it's a ridiculous sports
car it's got like a 4.8 liter 5.8 liter
engine and I haven't even driving since
January so to get a sports car after
driving for not even a year that would
be a bit stupid it'd be like
ridiculously stupid I wouldn't be used
to the power of the car the only car
ever driven is this car that I'm in now
which is my LD a3 it wouldn't be
sensible say it would be it would be
pretty crazy so I do have another dream
car which is the car that we rented to
go to Edinburgh it is good the Range
Rover Evoque it's the smallest I believe
it's the smallest Range Rover you can
get and I love it like I love it so so
much I've always wanted you can barely
even see me like it's so dark because of
the Sun basically guys last week I went
and viewed and the week before tons and
I let you mean tonnes like outside of
these vlogs are bits that you didn't see
because I didn't want to film it because
yeah I didn't really feel right to film
so I didn't feel me but I went last week
that we perform viewed probably like 20
or 30 Range Rover Evoque s' and one of
them is just perfect it is like
absolutely unbelievable and on Friday I
put the deposit down on it means that we
are going to share this car so I'm still
going to keep this car as my like
everyday car and Zoe's still going to
have her mini because this car it's only
got three doors like the two doors and
the boot and Zoe's obviously got
convertible mini so it's even small in
this car so as soon as there's like four
people or more than that want to like
come on a journey this car is absolutely
tiny like I don't really fit in the back
because those mini is like even smaller
so we just wanted to get like a bigger
car that we can share and the Range
Rover Evoque is like a dream car we have
not rushed into this
as you saw we literally rented the car
for a week when we went up to Edinburgh
and we drove like
some of you in the comments like why you
drive into Edinburgh that is crazy but
the reason why we drove to Edinburgh is
because we wanted to really test out the
car get used to it and see if it was see
if it was something that we did want to
buy in the future
so we've proper done our research
everybody that's what we did today we're
going to pick up my Range Rover Evoque
I'm so bloomin excited I don't know how
much of it I'm gonna film and we got
some sushi to celebrate let's go and get
this going get this car I'm somewhere
super exciting we're in my new car win
the new car but the only bad thing is
and I'm just gonna throw out the
straightaway get one bad thing out the
way because I'm 23 Range Rover
themselves weren't allowed to insure me
on the car and I haven't sorted out yeah
for the seven-day free insurance so they
insured Zoe for now we just picked it up
we've driven like two minutes down the
road I'm gonna get insured by diet line
like all properly and done and
everything very very soon over the next
couple of days so I will be able to
drive this myself but right now not even
allowed to drive it I car how is it I
want to give you guys like a proper
review show you everything the car can
do in a bit because there is some crazy
tech in this car like absolutely insane
shall I show them there is a TV inside
this car so basically this is very
driving it now is it comfy is it nice
it's all just like black interior we've
got the pan roof and this here so it
looks like a normal screen oh I don't
know if it's given I don't know if it's
given my dress away at all I can put on
any TV channel I want like BBC News and
then I press X so I'm watching the news
now as you can see the news is on the TV
what can you say Zoe can't see this yeah
can you see it how oh my god sorry look
at my screen on here Khan I'm
concentrating and now that what I can
only see this is so insane so whilst
we're driving along I can watch the TV
or whoever's in the passenger seat can
watch the TV with audio any TV channel
they won and the driver just sees the
sat-nav like normal
it is ridiculous I've got a bloomin TV
on in my car I'm watching the TV it's on
a trying to balance you guys here it's
also automatic which I'm so excited to
try out because my Audi a3 at the moment
is manual which is super nice and that's
what I'm used to drive in but I think
this would just be much more relaxing
it's going to be no never
it's going to be so this cars just going
to be like pure comfort
like it's even got settings like down
here like three things here where it
remembers three different people and
depending who sits in the chair it just
like forwards and backwards up and down
to what that person's preference was so
if I sit in the driver's seat it will
move the chair to where I like it and if
Zoey sits and it'll move it to where she
likes it will just remember there's so
much crazy stuff cameras like there's
cameras everywhere around the car and
I'm going to show you everything there's
like a little thing here can you see
there on the wing mirror has that little
light there even goes one light or too
light there's different light settings
up here which basically means that there
is something in your blind spot for you
to know about and that's the same over
there you can see that somebody is
currently in Zoey's blind spot so that
if she was to try and change lanes now
she's aware that there's somebody there
I can't stop smiling can you lit you
can't see the TV I'm watching the news
I haven't even sat in the driver's seat
yet well i mean ii sat in the driving
seat when i came to view it but I
haven't sat in the driver seat since
since we purchased it I want to drive it
so bad but but I'm not insured so I'm
not allowed
we just got home can we talk about how
I've got blooming two bodies on my key
that I've got a Range Rover key all my
keys that's just crazy I'm so gonna be
lucky so lucky what are you saying my
little nugget how you doing nice to meet
you nice to meet you my name is Alfie so
myself
Zoe poppy Shaun and Mark I will going
away tomorrow morning for a little
holiday for a little adventure for a
nice trip but unfortunately where we're
going why am I out focus but
unfortunately where we're going we can't
take doggies so we're having to drop
nyle off to my parents house and she's
going to be stand hanging out with bus
aren't you against a buzzy boy and then
we've got a friend coming over tomorrow
morning to stay here and look after the
house which sounds stupid but we like
Zoe now I have this thing where we just
never ever ever leave the house empty
overnight I don't know why I've never
been burgled or anything but I'm just
scared of it happening so we always have
somebody who stays at the house slasher
away anytime we ever stay away and they
send feed the guinea pig swatter away as
well so should we go yeah should we go
drop you off you gonna go play buzzy
what's that you got you take like the
key that was less scratched
no I didn't I let you do it to any yoga
yours compared to mine is your scratched
no it's obviously just the one that was
used
marks over now and we've just grabbed to
take away I never ever ever get pizza
and as always persuaded me to go for a
pizza because she does this bleed thing
explain why you do it so this is what
she does
in London there's a pizza place with
goat and they do this pizza there's
pepperoni and chili infused honey and
chili infused drizzle so now I like to
drizzle honey on my pepperoni pizza cuz
it tastes amazing
and to be fair I had it the other day or
I had a slice observers the other day it
tasted amazing so I ordered a pepperoni
pizza I'm gonna try and of course I got
some calamari as well yeah it's all good
oh my gosh can you hear that hi I didn't
get us they gave us Nala fever Oh Nala
null is not here it was so well as in my
bones was that yeah then just running
greet you yeah some marks bought over
some game like an emoji guessing game
so basically gonna play it you'll get
the gist about play right you ready I'm
going to show you 1000 to get out my
mark get a point twist the spiral -
women love each other
we just show them don't look oh yeah oh
I don't know did you say I didn't know
no yes you did I saw the words but it
was fuzzy yeah sure I saw the most
videos fuzzy I promise I think I know
why it is but you're never gonna believe
me that I'll win romance ah hormones
right you think the other side I didn't
see the other one mark my time let me
show you my next one way show them it
fast
no because you'll be okay I promise all
right okay ready yeah cold hands warm
heart yeah this is like hot fries yeah
I'm so bad at catchphrases right you
ready I'm going to show these guys at
first
this is a great one
you ready yeah three two one singing oh
next one
mine is so good Yeti yeah
three two one my feet are peppy
moustache okay no moustache Chico fee
Matt Sargent shoe therapy oh yeah that
one in a popular one yeah
heads tails heads of times it's no head
to first time no say this is painful is
it is it like these guys are going to be
dying what's the first one
head massage massage head massage head
shoulders knees no had T over heels
oh no that's not over multiple heels
yeah but what's the oh that was a good
one I'm sorry right your turn show these
guys fast okay cover your eyes no way
that oh did you shoot thing yep
hook line I think uh hmm
what does aegyo mean I've never even
heard of that when you catch someone
hook line and sinker
ready ha ha I've never even my wiki is
singing in the right hook line of blood
maybe I'm just really good at hardwoods
oh you just born in a bowl by day 3 hey
wake up smell the coffee
oh crap
good morning coffee I'm gonna give it ta
good morning tea come on many oh good
morning coffee you googled it well yeah
let's do some more I like this why is my
camera not focusing that's mine okay
three
one hep hep tongs wagon Tigerfest tongue
he's a so hard cause I can cap strength
tunnels on this oh yes so they cuts
tongue cut cut cut cut
ugh why Donna weird eh yeah guys okay
okay
three this is gonna be so easy three two
one
sorry pigs look like a fly pigs pigs can
fly
I mean hey what's the famous aah can't
fly when pigs fly
well yeah this is if yeah
pig gonna fight pink so to play three
okay one fish out water well duh
I'm so close it's 11 o'clock
I'm heading upstairs because I need to
pack for this trip so far let me show
you what I packed hard drive and a
hoodie don't even know my suitcases no
that's not like crap I think of my
Linnet too mom
hello I done did I lend you my black
suitcase did I lend you a black suitcase
I did didn't I hmm like the medium-sized
one I've got a small hand like hand
luggage one and then I've got a medium
one and that's it I feel like I lent you
my medium one except my mom's house but
um she's bringing it over I did offered
to go and get it I said mom don't be
silly let me go and get it because she's
going to lose her parking spot
I thought our house someone's going to
steal it and it's 18 minutes
11:00 at night but she's going to bring
over I've got the best mom in the world
look like she just bought me all the way
from her house
if you're watching thank you so much I'm
all tucked up in bed guys I'm going to
end the vlog so quickly today's been
incredible I'm so excited to get back
from our trip and get driving the new
car if you've enjoyed the vlog give it a
big old thumbs up subscribe down below
if you're not already and I'll see you
bright and early in a few hours to go on
our adventure I catch you in the morning
good night guys yeah is that your new
office sign yeah that she looks pretty
good
