good morning guys it's Sunday which
means that you're allowed to be lazy
this is the one day of the week so just
do now oh hello what you're scratching
ball do I say hello to the blog say good
morning you're trying to get in the
video do you want to be in the vlog is
that what it is
I've been so lazy today and ordered
breakfast in like I've ordered a
takeaway for breakfast this is probably
the laziest thing I've ever done
look at the time I say breakfast but
look at the time 1 o'clock I'm about to
start editing the vlog and let's see
what I've got for breakfast oh my gosh
this looks incredible look at that
ok I don't feel lazy and bad anymore
because I would not be able to cook a
breakfast that looks that good look at
those beans
look at those beans that looks so good I
forgot to show you guys these flowers
that Joey and Daniel brought us they're
so pretty
I'm gonna miss having those guys over
even though they're only here for one
night
it was just there's a nice door that was
a nice capture what who's that who's at
the door Nala when it looks like though
he's also ordered food she's upstairs in
bed you are in bed or you're on the bed
hungry in a play what I really got cut
her in there yeah cheeky little wooden
fork no one home now says need two of me
the thing God's talking about how nice
it was to catch up with Joey and Daniel
like I've met Daniel a couple of times
before but Joey I've known him for like
we were talking when we're sitting down
in the restaurant having lunch yesterday
so how it feels like it's almost like we
grew up together even though he lives in
LA but Zoey myself Joey that was weird
Zoey and Joey me and Zoey and Joey all
like we felt the feels like we grew up
together because we all started YouTube
around the same time and used to go to
all the events together so we'd see each
other so regularly and all like how do I
explain that it felt like we grew up
together
yeah we've all habits we were all
experienced in the same things at the
same time throughout our youtube like
journey so far and that still happening
today
obviously there was other people there
as well like Louise and Marcus and Tanya
and Tyler and Troy and corner and loads
of people Tania Jim and nothing they
never won because I know I'm gonna
forget some people but it was so nice
catching up with with him and Daniel
because they just see it just seemed
like we had seen them last week but we
had at the last time you saw him was
like two years ago or something which is
crazy I saw him in New York quite a few
months to go back anyways today I don't
really know what the plan is and I'm
going out scootering with ace for max
tonight
Laurie's filming a load of videos or
that's a fantasy plate let me show you
them that look at this I need it all you
need it sorry is a nice plate um yeah I
don't if I carry on vlogging now and
this clip quickly my foods gonna get
cold so either see you today I'm also
gonna edit the daily vlog the plane is
like a circuit switch once you woah
what's wrong with this you're actually
most mornings when I get up i watch
inspirational videos or talks or
motivational videos and zoe has to sit
there listening to them today is it's
called believe in yourself trying to go
outside you were bulking none then good
girl
I'll come outside with ya get some fresh
air whoa I'm actually meant to be going
out with my friends ace for a max Cohen
scooter and fairly soon well though
before I go I do want to do a because I
promised you guys I'm going to start
doing them once a week I do want to do a
YouTube live show so that's what I'm
gonna my gosh I'm massive like cool ten
thing has fallen over in the wind
oh my gosh the god the grass is ruined
underneath lucky that didn't like squish
Nile or squish someone when it fell over
going back inside it is cold out there
it's guessing I need to I need to layer
up today yesterday we went to the beach
we saw yesterday
me and Joey and Daniel and Zoey hit the
beach and I stupidly only wore a t-shirt
and a hoodie and it was absolutely
freezing okay you're right there there's
some DIY donut now to go all the way
through the door yeah is that your new
office sign yeah that she looks pretty
good it was from the apartment they sent
it to me so now it's a I think that is
really good it's a very very important
time in the south we household today is
the day of the week but we attempt to
brush Nyla's teeth this is very very
difficult because knowledge does not
like the teeth being brushed and
apparently today is my turn to try I'm
not usually the one that does this
though is normally the one that does
this come and be a good girl come and
see up here we look like crazy dog
people look how many toys our dogs got
and all of this cupboard is just full of
dog stuff
good girl baby
just walk in I want you describe I get
up to play a bit can you get a dog
toothbrush that's like bristles all over
and they just chew that thinking it's
like yummy
well that's my hot dog dent it dental
sticks are like this basically I imagine
that what brushes the whole way around
you just put it in their mouth and they
just chew it for this all right I'm not
even holding on she's just letting you
do that yeah that was so good yeah I'm
kind of successful it was pretty
successful that time now she gets her
dental drape
which probably brushes them way better
and we've been about half an hour since
my last blog clip I'm just setting up to
do the to do the YouTube live show
downstairs just put a light up and
everything but I just want to put some
powder on my face so that I'm not shiny
because the light is incredibly bright
it's not like makeup I suppose it is
makeup let's suppose this basically I'll
show you what it is I put on sometimes
when I'm filming videos this stuff here
Zoey gave it to me it's like a think
it's technically a transparent powder
looks like this and then I have a big
old fluffy brush like this and then I
just go like this
dab it on my face I don't know if that's
how you meant to do or not and
apparently well actually it does not
even said apparently it does just make
it less shiny gnarly you couldn't be any
closer if you tried I'm going to go do
my live show good luck editing though is
editing videos that she's already edited
but but Final Cut broke the vials 1
minute I think I think is 1 minute 3
minutes 3 minutes until my live show
starts this is my setup my setup one
light my phone to do the actual live
show with a little microphone plugged
into it tripod fancy little thing in
case I want to try out on my camera
laptop and then a ton of gadgets to play
with in the live show so the other day
password arrived at the house honestly
lot of nothing to do this I didn't pay
for him didn't buy it oh yeah and it
came with a letter I haven't read the
letter yet I think I'm guessing it's
from tiger because everything here is
from the shot tiger there is an electric
snake we can try and scare nod with that
later in the video
a massive quadrocopter drone kind of
thing and a little helicopter kinda
thing so I want to try them out in the
live show today and then I've got loads
of batteries and stuff I need to stop
login because I'm about to the live in
two minutes so I will see you so I'll
see you in a second the live show went
so well like I
I loved you I played with a load of
these gadgets that I got given this
snake one is so cool like I was just
chasing gnarley' it's kind of cool to me
I put it on the floor like this I don't
know if you saw the stream a lot if you
haven't seen the livestream I'll leave a
link down below go check it out I put it
on the floor and I was chased in dollar
around Lookout really look doesn't it
look so good and you control it with
this little egg thing
so we've come out scooting we're at a
secondary school called stringer it's
got a public footpath that you can walk
through you're going for at yeah they've
got tons of lights out here that's why
we've come up scooting tonight was a lot
of fun with the guides it was like
taking it back to my eight years ago but
I'm now just going to grab some food I
was just about to get some fish and
chips and then I thought no that's just
really not good for me it's not healthy
so then I went into a Chinese takeaway
and I was about to get a Chinese
takeaway and I thought this is just as
bad this really isn't healthy so I just
went to Tesco bought a load of fruit and
then I'm going to make some salmon and
quinoa when I get home
it's time to sit down have a read
through my YouTube comments eat my
quinoa and some of that up mate bought a
little packet of like berries and nuts
cranberries and cashews at berry medley
loads of fruit and then of course you
have to get something chocolate Easter
Sunday roasted hazelnut and chocolate
pot and I kind of did get something else
Chocula tea as well
I am kinder surprise I couldn't help
myself I couldn't had just loved that
flavor chocolate it's aged clock and the
vlog already has 200,000 views and it's
only eight o'clock I feel like I'm
either going to pass out or like I'm
going to fall asleep I've eaten all of
that food that I showed you everything
except from this and I want to eat this
so bad although I'm so full up I need to
like go to sleep when I was a kid you
used to get bloom and good things inside
here please be some new shoes please be
some new shoes please be some new shoes
come on
ah dammit thought giving some new shoes
and go move so apparently this is it
this is what I got you put on your
finger I've done how my fingers ever
to fit in that like this that's
literally meant to go on your ping our
my little finger like that you get your
little bug thing put it in there pull
this back and let go sleepy I want to
lock the doggies so bad
Oh as I say that she moves I can't even
begin to describe how full up I am I
should not have eaten how much food my
stomach is like like I'm actually in
pain from eating so much I had such a
fun idea to do in the vlog tonight I
really wanted to do it but I'm too tired
I'm currently in bed editing the vlog
that you're watching right now I
completely passed out last night I think
I fell asleep or something at half-past
nine forgot to end the vlog forgot to
brush my teeth do anything I literally
woke up like 3:00 a.m. so confused what
was going on where I was and then turned
back to bed and woke up this morning if
you enjoyed the video guys please go
down below smash it with a thumbs up
let's see if we can get more thumbs up
on this video than we did on yesterday's
video and yesterday's is already on
42,000 thumbs up so that should
challenge beats 42,000 thumbs up
subscribe if you already and I will see
you we've got some very very exciting
days coming up today all I'm gonna say
is them picking up a new car I'll see
you tomorrow good night guys
alright looks so good oh that is good
yeah
Wow I don't know what it's called though
yeah
