does anyone want their breakfast
turn your breakfast
yummy yummy little one try going in your
breakfast downstairs Oh straight on me
good morning guys good morning it looks
like such a lovely day today oh my gosh
it's so bright also can we play a game
called ignore the spot hide a spot here
just popped it and now it's bleeding
let's ignore it for today we're gonna
start the video off with the weather
check on offense is still broken
so anything about fixed on a positive
note look at the bloomin weather it
looks incredible
the UAM for your breakfast alright I got
my phone let's go give you breakfast
let's go get breakfast come on you going
down you come down a minute are you
ready go come on him come on him so as
you would have known from yesterday's
vlog we've got two guests over from
America today where they came over yet
last night they arrived late in the
evening and stayed over so we're all
hanging out today comment down below who
used or they might have been they might
been in the thumbnail and the title I
don't know coming down below no calm
down who you think it is good thank you
girl I don't know what we're going to be
getting up to now this having a
breakfast Zoey is just getting ready I
don't know what they got I mean not
definitely all the guys I didn't give
anything away that I'm taking I don't
know what we're going to be doing today
I'm not really sure what the plan is so
Saturday lovely weather and we've got
friends over the options are endless we
can do anything let's look to see what
the aftermath of last night is oh no
look at the blooming sofa look at all of
the takeaway in the chocolates look at
the pillows you know all of this calls
for a cheek
time lapse let's do it let's make it all
good and we're done
look so much better now flip it over
this come on look at this because we
spent a green juice on the sofa before
we left I said to you did you get off
properly
I said yeah we did did you get no look
at it it's all green you ruined it and
it's all over one of the cushions which
is for me no that's not good is it
no it was either that or joy weed on the
sofa last night I'm sorry naked people
and I got excited I haven't even told
them about this so the first thing we
did when Jerry arrived was are not so in
here what do we watch naked attraction
which is like a TV show where you go on
dates with people but just from finding
out what they look like naked right it's
very weird you are next season so be
tuned in imagine if there was a youtuber
one person it wouldn't be yeah what
would your starts be like because some
people have father like powerful let's
dances I would be I just turn around
they'd be like spin round a below no no
just been editing the vlog and getting
ready I was about to go out wearing this
new little jacket that I bought the
other day but since I showed you the
weather this morning they looked
absolutely lovely
this guy's just completely gray so I'm
going to get changed now and just layer
up and just wear little thick clothes so
you just wrap wrap very still looks
incredible we have a side Ian yeah
Joey is about to try something for the
first time oh I'm gonna try it yeah you
have to you have to eat the whole orange
bit not the Li not the leaves just for
now this is what it looks like what do
these things from Jumanji yeah kill away
the poisonous leaves I don't like to me
no it's not like a tomato I don't like I
don't like tomatoes do I eat the whole
thing quite the whole thing yeah it's so
good that is good Wow I don't know what
it's called though they're really good
though listen see tonight
yeah it tastes like a tomato look at
this there's one little card everyone's
got their cameras out so you just come
down to the beach because of the storm
the other night half the beach is like
up on the side for some reason we these
are normally stairs now these are
normally like 15 stairs
no yeah look at the handrail why this
woman down here I don't if you can see I
don't want to zoom in too much I don't
invade her privacy it's just going in
the sea oh she's getting changed shoosh
go she's going swimming and it is so
cold so cold
my ears are like numb so I put my hood
up she's oh my gosh no don't do it don't
do it
Oh
she's crazy she is crazy
so cute hey hello hey the others have
been over there for about 10 minutes the
woman is still swimming in the water and
I've just been chatting to that little
puppies owners just about having a
little black pug there's was a little
girl called mayor and she was like the
same size as Nala fully grown really
naughty and cheeky Lightner and it was
literally I've shown them pictures of
Nala and it's like a spitting image is
that she's so cute
literally just first no just let some
wear my white shoes down at the beach
and it's wet oh my gosh that's maybe we
want to get another pug so bad you
should have seen that little pug a she
was 1 years old called mayor looked
identical to Nala and the owners were
like she's so naughty so cheeky she
would just do what like everything like
Nala rez everything I think sorry they
say does she stay in your bed and I said
well the plan wasn't it - and now she
does and she loves it and they were like
exactly the same every issue they were
saying I was like yep same literally
just walking there on the stones because
it tides are more out than on the and on
the flap and then she's just gonna sleep
all day and I was like that's the same
as not that did you take some nice
portrait pics of me on my camera
of course look how calm the ceaseless I
woman still swim in out there crazy one
minute
this cameras such good quality those two
having a little photo shoot over there
as well we're all playing around with
the new feature on the new iPhone which
is portrait mode so it blurs the
background I don't have it even my
phone's died my phone's around that
charge so it's just Joey and Zoey who
are lucky enough we're going to try and
get a jumping picture so I'm going to
put this down here I'm coming back
sweet how do I look at all the bus oh
yeah Oh select
that's sick this lighting is insane such
clear day we should have bought Nala
yeah although we went to got food fast
Joey where do you want to go the colour
law said sorry ask Joey Australia I want
to go Joey
spongebob oh yeah no pleasing smile than
that in real life in real life I mean I
don't I don't think it's real life the
colourful shed let's go the beach art
there and there she goes guys there's
the swimming woman just gone and cycling
off there is just discovered snapchat I
love it all the filters I can't wash
your snapchat for everyone to add you
what what's your snapchat you Jobs have
a 16 yes because it was 2016 when you
got it this favorite number yeah well I
was born on May 16th so so it just works
all around yeah we just got back from
the beach and straightaway ordered we
haven't order from him in a while
is that really delicious vegan place
it's called the Loving Hut I've never
actually been to the restaurant or to
the place but or to the hut
but the food is amazing do you remember
a while ago in one of my vlogs I
complained to them I actually run I
don't know if I filmed that but a
basically poppy ordered from there's you
know Papias veggie I probably ordered a
burger from there and I rung up and I
was like guys this really really isn't
cool my sister's veggie and you've given
her a meat burger that's rule like this
really ok it's meant to be vegan know
like no everything is vegan it just
tastes really really good but I want to
see what you think because this is what
we've ordered loads of like give it to
me now hopefully wall
that's a rap rap also my new vlog is
just gone live like five minutes ago
from the ice bath challenge I hope you
enjoyed it if you saw yesterday's we
haven't go check out yesterday's video
myself
Zoe poppy and Sean or did the ice bar
challenge looks crazy oh you got your
burger oh that's my one and then I'm
assuming Daniel got traditional cheese
I'm heading out tonight guys but I'm not
gonna bring my camera with me because I
don't want to lose it you know my friend
Holly it is her birthday on the second
if that's wrong she is gonna kill me I'm
very sorry if you're watching Holly like
like that wrong but I believe it's on
the 2nd of December but she's having her
birthday drinks and clubbing and
everything tonight I think there's like
80 people going or 50 people going which
is going to be absolutely mad and I know
if I bring this I'm gonna lose it
somehow so I'm going to leave you guys
here and end the vlog now I hope you've
enjoyed it if you have give it a big ol
thumbs up go down below smash thumbs up
and subscribe if you're not already I
might end up filming some stuff my phone
I'm not really gonna drink I'm just
gonna go out and probably be back in a
couple of hours but I don't want to lose
my don't lose my camera it's been nice
seeing you guys
I I'll see you very soon yeah yeah I do
I'll sail I've never been over to LA
just for fun like it's always been for
like a YouTube event yeah something like
Alfie ins Oh should comes out there what
do you think Zoe we should good bye good
bye
I'll see you hello you got back with
them also he's going and you take your
knowledge route I'm gonna come back
tonight from Holly's Brian just I have
no one here great anyways I'll see you
guys in the morning
good night late hour late
