like oh my gosh la buzz hello where's
Lola and gloomier neck buzz hello baby
hello hello gone one press up you've got
that go yeah back up back up back up
back up
oh that was so close Oh spike
then why you can have a relaxing bath
good morning guys good morning how you
doing today we're getting up early
getting our butt straight to the gym if
you saw the end of yesterday's blog you
will know that chase stayed over last
night and I've said he can only stay
over if he gets his butt to the gym so
what's he doing
yes bro look what he's even wearing got
some bloomin Yeezys on for the gym crazy
but I think I've got everything let me
just check it's a beautiful fresh
morning how you doing J then good you
feeling good Oh
there's such a good gym session
everybody what do you think of the gym
it was really good you glad I workout
good is so hard to get trade to get out
of bed this morning come to the gym
we did it we smashed it when I shop in
just get some sushi
you know me sushi days get some key more
get some protein bars and trays getting
some seeds I got it out of the video
what orange trickshot Oh half is at
using house like you said Fred Allen
still give the body to anyone ever done
in my life
y'all retire peace out oh that's sick
Dante get that get that protein shake
get it che said to me earlier I'll be
damned
absolute big already for mom session
they are I don't know when I last film
to clip blue minute the dogs are going
crazy
fabien Shawn and out here about to film
a video for Shawn's channel then a video
for my mate my other YouTube channel
about to film an actual video I don't
know when it's going up for
pointlessblog it is going to be
girlfriend verse sister
number two you guys love number one it's
got like five million views like four
hundred thousand thumbs up we're going
to be doing number two Zoe's about four
cbenni seconds because we kind of add to
bed last night like 3:00 a.m. and so
what time did you wake up at 7:00 a.m.
or I've just finished editing the new
daily vlog it's just saving exporting at
the moment and everyone setting up oh no
can I show you what we're doing for your
video I've hidden it
yeah are you sure yeah this isn't but I
don't want Jude on them to another video
idea do you
you sure yeah just put a link in the
description
yeah oh it's not up yeah I got put the
link of this nah I'll give you a hint
that's what we're doing that's what
we're doing get excited Sophie the
sloppy first okay
the very first one Oh get the lighting
right very important chase still here
we've just finished filming Zoe's new
video for the my find in the street we
had 24 days of Johanna look at poppy
look at Shawn J was adjudicator man so
luckily he's come off with like no
damage Zoe is covered as well I don't
know
busted this is awful shower now use this
one this is the best one yeah this is
the best one up here this shower up here
you've got it on no no I have not got it
on you'd hear it the showers on what
fire that's your fourth challenge not
now you're doing it today no yes you are
the ice box challenge the video now it's
over 300,000 thumbs up you're doing it
today right if you enjoy the video guys
and you want to see probably do an ice
bar if this video gets a hundred
thousand thumbs up the video gets a
hundred of two hundred thousand thumbs
up pop yes through the ice bath
challenge
everyone everyone here knows you're
doing it
you have no excuse because you need to
shower anyway ah
you have no excuse all of the ice is
here Alfie we're making you the ice bar
challenge I put you in a most serious
now I just bought that just to chill
there that's the last one
bye wait wait wait wait we need to put
the plug in Poppy's she's currently
trying to break up with the ice just so
there's no massive chunks we need to
just fill it up pop do this oh my god
right guys a lot of mine look 40
kilograms 85 go out the other video
license for that skin give it was very
young that video should have got 300,000
likes or whatever that's what you said
girlfriend versus sister jump in and
just jump in and lay down and then you
get out okay would you do it climbed up
confess get in you look your best at the
moment is wrong
oh yeah going you might as well work one
of them in J go on ours oh yeah there we
go my job it's gotten yeah it's kind
yelling it's gonna look like you're
weeding it
would you do that no you were done with
me okay really go and J jump in go
you and ya know I've done it before is
the pink bit the bath bombs not doing
anything
oh is it working alright being a little
one in there but it's gonna be a nice
ice bar one this is the nicest hyde park
challenge less productive exactly the
last product ice bath challenge it's
gonna be nice
I think it's nearly time to get in
homemade lemonade so like the summer
that's what it means anyone how deep is
that oh my god explain your - you felt
otherwise
yeah but you need to just give up
pretend you've just done a good workout
and this is good for you that's fine
that's nice is now you just have to be
able to lay it out yeah go prepare the
shower do you know what's ridiculous the
300,000 thumbs up we got on the
girlfriend our sister on my pointer
small YouTube channel
we need to get this video even more
likes than that one if this video gets
500,000 thumbs up Papi's gonna do what
you're gonna do why I guess five Anouk
aimée and Shona do it in boxes together
in what there we go there we go 500000
thumbs up on this blog is you're gonna
do it in the boxes together position oh
yeah here you can go and look at the ice
forty kilos of ice no no not 40
kilograms of ice singing if you got this
you find out cuz I'm on it I want to get
a good shot of this no I'll see you
going on now of course
do it quickly just get in quick wait
where's the tower let me keep the door
open for you
for your language you have to put your
leg in there's too many videos today I
hate YouTube this is why I do a blog go
go god she's know so much pressure go
for you let's go Zoe your dad jump in it
go on go on jump it up oh my gosh have
you done it before
yeah you got a towel here wait yeah this
is a town shower on there no you don't
have to do is re see a legend what
though you want to do it I just want to
see what it's like going just late night
if you do that you're not gonna get in
oh my gosh lay down lay down lay down
lay down
how do your feet feel my legs
oh my gosh right now I'm trying to tidy
this all up anything's up in these two
getting it now Oh another Zoe
identites five German I'm already done
this is re just in it I've already done
this jar you doing that are you gonna do
it was like what you're good I think so
I tell you I felt like haha oh yeah
needles in your leg
mother I'm going hey guy I don't need to
get in that what are we going
why should I go get some towers and we
both get it yeah I need to go get some
towels
shouldn't I going in why are we doing
this the whole family ice bath challenge
I've got some more towels
what why you don't want to deal I mean
serious oh so cold I've got some more
towels
and he told my breath oh my god I got ya
oh my god
oh my god we cookin go get a shower and
ice are you trick all your friends to do
the ice bucket challenge let's go Shawn
up up and lay down as well you gonna put
you out under no I do three two one Oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god
the head is going under come over here
three two one oh yeah that was horrible
that just burnt my nameís dice I was
absolutely horrible I'm going to get the
shower out of the shower and all fresh
burnouts the cleaning up process and I'm
telling you we've got a lot to do though
is even about to put them in steam the
floor shawne's cleaning a chair after
spring cleaning the floor all that is
awesome
season in eBay see you see you later
we've just spent the last two hours
tidying up the place transferring all
the videos and two hard drives and
setting everything up and chase left
poking Shana both left with such a
lovely time we filmed a video if you
don't really get what happened what was
going on we filmed a video for Schwanz
channel a video for Zoe's channel a
video for my pointless blog channel and
then ended up it was meant to just be
poppy but I kind of didn't really
explain it basically earlier on I got
delivered to the house 40 kilos of ice
without poppy C and she was in this room
I closed to the blind so we've got 40
kilos in the house and upstairs about
her even noticing trying to get somebody
to do the ice bath challenge just on a
random day is impossible but I knew that
Zoe's video today was going to be so
messy that she was gonna have to have a
shower here so I got all the ice ready
so that she had no excuse at all and
then Zoe ended up just jumping in and
then Shaun and then myself and I kind of
that wasn't planned but I don't hope you
guys enjoyed it as I said we've still
got some guests coming over tonight the
time is super late it's like 8:40 to
having a dinner did you have your dinner
yet Zoe hasn't had dinner either
I don't know it's gonna happen
I feel like this video is probably
already like 15 20 minutes long or
something so I don't even know I'm just
excited to see see your friends are you
excited it's time to pick some British
chocolate and
snacks and treats for our American
friends to have watch this day Dairy
Milk whisper bites these oh my gosh they
must do these in America yeah
people don't and purring goes oh my gosh
I want them to try these these are like
my favorite christe's maybe maybe by the
way I didn't just squish them I went to
like that to flatten them twiglets I
really really want some fish and chips
just seen on Lewis's Instagram story
that she's that she's on fish and chips
tonight no constant thinking about it
that's all I want in my belly this is so
cute
look how Christmassy their room is Oh
slightly stained in the hotel minibar
there we go that is the best minibar and
it's free free minibar we should put
some drinks we only bottles of water I
feel like we should put a little notice
to try me they don't try them all
Whitney I'm so come cold as well so we
go then get under the banquette I'm not
sure whether whoever stay in his vegan
or veggie or what so to make it easier I
thought I just wait until they get here
before we order any food it's really
cold in this room is now that would be
why no no have you had a busy day with
loads of people here and your brother
was it busy day it's currently the next
day it is the next morning I am so sorry
that I did not vlog this evening for you
I just completely forgot our two guests
arrived quite late like 10 p.m. and then
we watch TV for an hour and then I just
fell asleep on the sofa
I couldn't even end my vlog in bed I
didn't even film the guests arriving or
anything I just fell asleep on the sofa
so what I want you to do today is
comment down below who you think let me
give you a hint comment down below who
you think is staying hit tonight I'm
going to show you their jacket this is a
little hint and there's some shoes over
there
that's all I'm showing you thank you so
much for watching the vlog everybody get
excited for tomorrow
I give the video thumbs up if you
enjoyed it and I'll see you in the
morning can i okay they're gonna stop so
you talk fat I look good by one and it's
like yeah that's so important to you
