okay they're gonna stop so you talk fat
I'm gonna go buy one let's looking at
that ice so pointy
who's this who's this no don't fight it
No Nullah it's Doug
it's Doug his dad is your boyfriend yeah
good morning guys how you doing good
morning today we are in a rooftop skate
park it's me pace and Sean I'm going for
the entire place twice out there's none
of us hated showing us up he is
incredible he works here over there
but they've nicely let us have the
entire place to ourselves
today this is insane what menu scooter
on aces are those Sean's on the floor
aces busting out some tricks on it got
listen to it this is crazy gah mate you
got this yeah it's so high gone you got
that yeah
yeah I missed that I just hit record as
your way did it hurt to the heart
he'll get so smooth I uses absolute
destroying me already but it's too good
at scooting I'm never gonna have to do
this
oh my gosh you've got that you're whoa
yeah yeah
sharone's having his first car in the
scooter I know they're like BMX ones
this is they're gone you got this yeah
you go and do the big one Sean go for
this one
oh yeah I've tried that Sean's gonna get
scooted tonight look at him daddy oh my
gosh along here jump in get some air
combat jump back on and jump off
yeah yeah yeah that's it that's it Oh
people are starting to coming in so
we're going to head off
it's been good today we've just said
goodbye to the guys Shawn still chatting
to them up here you guys need to come
here if you live in Brighton or nearby
and you want an indoor skatepark this is
the one I'm gonna leave their details
down below guys it's also I shall help
anymore
it's like 2050 to come here for two
hours freedom freedom ar-15 depend on
your age that's like the twice I mean
coffee you don't even get stone box
Brown just sorry second definitely
coming back we just drop Sean home we've
headed straight into town so he's still
filming videos
as I was still at home filming videos
and stuff preparing preparing for 24
days of Zarrella coming soon to a
YouTube channel near you and I just
heading to go get some dinner we did pop
in to size the sneaker shop they didn't
buy anything than you are
none of that don't need any more shoes
I'm trying to find some a nice guy get
some dinner
there's too much choice do you find it's
harder to make a decision when there's
more choice
I think it's freezing cold than these
kids and just get sick whatever go your
favor
reel in fin fish eat some oysters no
seafood I don't get the point of them
isn't an oyster just meant to taste like
swallowing phlegm that's exactly what I
was about to say but I didn't know ever
that's what I will say though and it's
it's a you don't even chew it you just
straight-up swallow it
there's no good now and they're
expensive as heck so we're feeling
feeling like a Jaime's then they got a
lot of fancy new little no go outside
look at this love it what is the one
thing I always get when we come into
Jaime's the me train you have to get it
it's a must have and they've changed a
lot recently with the new menu it's
incredible yeah guys I went for the
biggest polonaise they could possible I
know I didn't I was getting a polonaise
and I've gone spicy sausage I've had it
before is incredible and I've got some
veggies for the side and ice went from
massive burger that actually looks
really good I don't know if you guys
will notice but I've switched over to a
new
today with his in yesterday's video when
I went from my camera to Zoey's camera
woman when I was doing the DIY Zoey's
camera was so much sharper than mine and
I had a new one waiting in the box
but when my camera broke and then just
decided to start using it today so I
hope you guys have enjoyed the new
quality let me know everything is
betting all finished
just grab Zoe's takeaway dinner as well
she's not missing out
hey baby then then goes hello oh crap I
forgot your dinner I did I forgot err
honestly I forgot here I did swear on my
life I forgot it luckily ASA remembered
it no I married you hello doggy
hey so he's going through Oliver peer
box also changing out wait as always
just got the most random present I love
it I love it
why is dad up it looks so good yeah I
love it
I was gonna say that the kids you know
yeah trying to scream it doesn't make
any sense
no okay they're gonna stop saying
talkback I'm gonna go buy one right now
yes you know order one yeah you know I
think they've got these like this but
Christmas trees only octopus this is
great you put it on now I want to be
clear nice that I love it it doesn't
sell your shoulders like it when we sit
some wine it's like haha and it's like
yeah better eyes so pointy it's kind of
a scary up when did the top it is sad
you got comfy that business but don't
you find that like you can't hear
anything
comment rate your turn yes shave your
little fringe poking out boy looks that
looks good
human flip the camera yeah I wanna see
do that like one of those kids in like
one of those plays there it was
different colleague we wanted use
Dominus yeah ace is getting the take
away with that one very much thank you
thank you take you also look at Nala now
look at knowledge she's a little
pressing hmm oh she's gonna be so good
so he's now in full swing or putting
olivine or her different outfits
don't look yet will Carney putting her
geisha outfit my favorite one
Oh got much she loves it she's just
yawning you've been a good girl oh she's
so cute
he's almost not sure where'd you get
haha makes you look like a jockey so
Trey's never seen shutter island
how have you not seen this where have
you been you know where've you been
there's not even a fan of under a rock
simoleons great new the vests were
watching Shutter Island this is one of
my favorite films top flight you
thinking I've in my mind yeah
unbelievably ignore hair everyone it is
like the ultimate HAP hair
we finished up watching Shutter Island
so so good honest if you haven't seen it
I know I probably said this a second ago
but if you haven't seen it you need to
go check it out what we want you now the
sweetest thing the sweetest thing of
Cameron Diaz
honestly the weirdest film I've ever
seen like the most sexual film I've ever
seen but also the most weirdest sexual
film I've ever seen I'm so knackered and
the gym and they're going skating and
scooting and I've got the job I've got
an amazing idea yes
sure you know you're staying over
tonight yeah I know you're gonna say no
am I staying over tonight
oh my god we wanna sleep over go on I
don't know if he's joking on our bus
yeah you guys saying get back on the
train
you can't say tonight now you liked my
joke I'm pausing the TV getting serious
now try yes
we've got any mattress toppers we do you
actually yeah Charlie
yes tomorrow morning yes no I am I know
him you're gonna tell me to go to the
gym my gym session my personal trainer
we'll do it together you call me fat no
I'm not calling you fat you saying I
need to lose some weight get some muscle
I'm walking back that's not a rocking
chair that's yes so that my friend
that's a sofa no you going to the gym I
want to go to run let's go for a run
well you can just run at the gym yeah I
guess so generally you work up to that
yep Gordo the horse I do chain I the
same size there is no excuses if you do
not see chained the gym with me tomorrow
morning in tomorrow's vlog everyone
called him out all of his videos no
comment oh yeah all of his Twitter stuff
yeah what I'm going to edit out my vlog
sorry is being stupid so how are you
still awake
cuz it's 225 like half-past two are you
just running upstairs those are I'm
going to bed gone
within like 10 seconds this half-past
two chain I have the gym at 9:00 in the
morning but we need to go to bed we
got to be at the gym in six and a half
hours stairway she's literally fast
asleep Boston carrying her camera them
she put you to bed see you in the
morning
no no yo yo yo but while we're listening
to this music no we need to go to bed
nope doesn't matter who it is we need to
go to bed you stand down here okay night
very night seeing a bitch a boy we've
got the gym in six hours what is this
kid doing where you hide then why'd you
do this a nighttime just come up to bed
zoey is hiding somewhere as per usual
then why she does it
even in the window I don't like this I
don't trust you I don't trust you you
always hide I'm going to end the vlog
here guys before we get into bed because
I'm just going to get straight sleep
I've literally got to be at the gym in
like six hours or something I'm forcing
Jade to come with me it's going to be
good it's going to be fun over there
going to be happy we did it afterwards
if you've enjoyed this vlog you enjoyed
the skate park to ourselves you've
enjoyed hanging out with Zoey in Chennai
tonight go down below smash the video a
thumbs up go check out yesterday DIY
video if you haven't already and
subscribe don't forget to subscribe this
is youtube users got over here subscribe
if you're not and also let me know what
you think of the new camera because I
think this quality is like so much
sharper so much clearer than usual and
I've seen the morning good night guys
why you putting my mix you can't use
pancake mixture in a cake pop I've got
pancake mixture because I thought that's
what you make them with so he's putting
it away
