the best way to start a day with a
coffee and a banana
good morning guys good morning how're
you doing now
yesterday's vlog didn't include some
crucial footage of Zoe and I fly in the
DJI spark because I set it all up
we went out literate where we are right
now was so excited and then I realized
that I didn't have an SD card in the
drawing let's sit down here I've got
some explaining to tell you what we're
up to today or the Sun in my eyes and I
left my sunglasses at home I mean in the
air B&B I brought them with me today is
a really exciting video because I've
teamed up with DJI which like this is
the best collaboration that could
possibly happen me and DJI you know I
love my gadgets you know I love my
drones you know I've already got two
I've already got two different DJI
drones but today I've got the spark here
this is so exciting I've got it like
fully in the box so I've got the combo
pack as well so it comes with little few
extras let me just let me open it up and
show you what's inside I did open it
earlier on not gonna lie I'm gonna be
honest with you just to charge
everything because I wanted to make sure
that when I got here I'm not gonna hear
you
having no charge I know it's so small
but everything is just so compact with
this drone it's so good let me put that
there we've got the little control here
and then in the box you're not even
ready for see how small this is this is
so sick look how small it is this is so
crazy
that's it that's literally the full
drone that is like crazy I need to peel
off those little these little bits here
or literally this is so quick and easy
just snap it straight on there give it a
twist clip it on this one perfect okay
then we're all good it's fully connected
to my phone just updating all of the
firmware and then I think we're fully
ready to roll
I think we're ready 20% 21% 22% we're
gonna have to do it later
I've got another SD card I don't have a
memory card in the dragon I've got it in
the air it's all good but as I said I
haven't got any SD card in the drone I
kind of we're gonna go for a walk we're
gonna go and get an SD card later on
today
DJ spark you just need to find where the
little micro SD czar and then we're all
good awesome thanks ma'am so I'm we're
back day number 2 I've got the drone
look in my bag here I've got all the
drones set up I've got the guards on the
propellers but the control and all the
video obviously set up there as you can
see it's super easy to use this is like
the perfect drone for beginners and just
super from friends and family the
location that we're at is savage like
the one you serious right now
this spot here that you can see on the
screen is literally where they filmed
was it first to some of the first to
Harry Potter's you're a Harry Potter fan
this is BA what I want to try now on the
drone is a couple of the features that
you can use let's go let's go get some
water
we're gonna go for helix just Andy the
drone it's now time to try out man I'm
so excited the gesture functions palm
control away and follow confirmed follow
selfie beckon record within
identification range the aircraft will
stop following you after you raise your
arms that is the the aircraft can follow
me you ready
my memory card just ran out of space to
my other camera I don't know if I I
don't if you saw that palm control honor
I'm gonna do it again I've just been
using palm control it is crazy but I
don't if it got recorded or not
this is so crazy I'm controlling it with
my palm I've never used any of these
kind of settings before on a drone the
only thing I've ever done is like
manually flown it around but getting to
use light or the quick shot stuff just
it makes things so much more simple so
much more easy like the quick shot
circle being on a beach running along
and then you've got it like circling you
like crazy
also I should just mention as well as
you know working with DJI on this video
like I told you at the beginning
check out this draw in the DJI spark
there's a discount available link is in
the description this is like the dream
Christmas present this is savage
although also can I just say a big thank
you so much to DJI for welcoming me on
this video because like I own three of
your drones this is the dream sponsor
this is my thing I'm the gadget man
can I get a two sausage a bigmouth
hopefully Pizza Express will let me use
their toilet thank you
chairs all good ready for their two and
a half three hour car journey now got my
snacks got my food gone for a week
just finished up the longest drive in
the world so much traffic just about to
pick up our little one for mom and dad's
good oh yeah oh yeah that was a long
time or the next episode is a bit dirty
on this new Camry you get like proper
light flares can you see the green going
down there from these lights anyway that
was a super long journey literally was
meant to take about two and a half hours
ended up taking like three and a half
nearly four hours then we were about to
go up it neither up now no that's here
just unpacked towards a car well I say
unpack the clock bought everything
inform the car I haven't actually
unpacked like the suitcases and stuff
yeah do need to do that I have a habit
I'm really bad how they're something
that I actually speak to my therapist
about I have such a habit of getting
back from trips and leaving my suitcase
packed like I don't ever unpack I just
leave it until I next need the suitcase
and then when I next need a good open
him not oh my gosh everything's still in
there yeah it's not good needs that need
to stop that it's now like knowing its
past eight in the evening dinner
although I think kind of be three meals
as you saw is not the end
we haven't seen you in a couple of days
did you've a nice to meet busy boy my
mum my dad just a link to them yeah
anything McGrady always eggs and hummus
cereal can we talk about how it's
actually so close to Christmas now is if
you like five days or something until
Christmas day
that is ridiculous I feel that on top of
everything although this year saying
that we're having Christmas for the
first ever time in history of all my
Christmases mean 24 years old I'm
hosting Christmas like it's happened I'm
an adult I'm hosting Christmas all the
cooking will be ours oh and I I mean I'm
sure mum and poppy will help
and dad and Shawn but it's at our house
this year which is really exciting when
we first saw this house when we first
moved it on the market to buy the one
thing that we were like this is the
perfect house for Christmas this is the
Christmas house and this year is it has
been the Christmas house also since
we've come home just now our cleaners
have been here was have been away and we
have cleaners we've got a couple of
times a week and it is looking
immaculate looking so tidy and clean
which is always not believin coming back
from a trip to have a nice clean house
Weetabix organic without a doubt I am
the classiest person on YouTube I'm
about to have my Weetabix in here all
mushed up with my milk and with my
Weetabix I'm gonna have done that isn't
it okay distilled in England
Martin Miller's gin award-winning from
Zoe's grandparents double or single
double from Zoe's grandparents for
Christmas you tell me you challenge one
of a person who drinks a GnT with their
Weetabix Nick what the cleanest put on
the sofa I love their love it so much
it's actually genuinely a really
comfortable pillow do you not think fear
our soft it is I really like it I think
it's perform our sofa I've never noticed
our sofas one of those materials where
you can brush it too way guys has taught
me to end the vlog I'm absolutely
knackered today has been a lot of travel
in super-nice Ian's Oh his dad and
hanging out him I forgot to put that in
the vlog I didn't film anything there
and then we also went over to can see so
his grandma was of his nan as well she's
like 95 she's awesome had a really
really good time catching up with her
and obviously flying the DJI spark the
gadget man teaming up with DJ spark in
the video as I said I'll leave a link
down below if you want to go grab one
yourself and yeah that's about it today
man excited for tomorrow it's literally
the countdown until Christmas now just a
couple of days away if you're excited
give the video a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already and I'll catch ya
catch in the morning good night guys
