good morning guys
how you doin oh you're having a lovely
day it is not the morning it is in fact
the evening I've had such a busy day I
kind of wish I filmed it but I don't
even know when I would have got a chance
because it was like straight up hit the
gym go straight off to Crawley for some
meetings come straight back edit the
vlog into another like it was super
super busy there's one thing that is
making today so much better and that is
all of this bacon that Zoe has done look
at this look at the size of these
cookies they're like as big as my
blooming hand they've got like full oh
crap I just broke one put it back on
there
it's got like four chunks of Terry's
chocolate orange in there and look at
these Christmas trees and then oh my
gosh though he's filmed all of those for
some baking videos so get excited
they're coming soon how's your day going
productive how's your day going if you
have a productive one little one ever
been busy working busy working hard what
we've been doing today and sleeping more
sleep in eating oh she's already asleep
let's head straight upstairs as I've got
something super exciting up here that I
know you guys are going to love and I
know you guys go mad about whenever I do
this in a positive way not mad in a
negative way Oh down here there it is
behind the camera right now I have like
a million different video ideas like
things that I've bought that are just
stupid and pointless and just like me
whatever you expect in these vlogs
there's so much hidden stuff behind this
camera right now if you saw what's
behind here all of these boxes whoa you
would be very excited about today
oh my licks stock there's so much new
merchandise is I'm gonna have to walk
out backwards and shimmy so that you
don't see what's in that room we've got
an exciting evening because the
second-to-last episode of the missing is
on you all know that we absolutely love
the series here in this house here in
the South P household with a pair
mum and dad what you actually dad
doesn't watch yeah mom watching it it's
basically the second-to-last episode of
the most amazing TV series today some of
my Christmas tears so video TV okay if I
make you one of these you want to make
these with me I don't want anything
sweet let's do this God you know what
you said to me what you said all I said
this wrong thing I'm saying
gorgeous that's not also this isn't
either you have to actually bake no you
don't have you read the instructions
it's not cause I've read the
instructions for today everybody as
you've seen by the title and everything
today we are making cake pops DIY cake
pops why are you putting my mix you
can't use pancake fish in a cake pop
I've got pancake mixture because I
thought that's what you make them with
so he's putting it away no you need
actual ingredients oh I don't do actual
ingredients in these DIY videos what I
don't know how to actually do actual
ingredients yes
I don't all I want is my cake pops to
look like this also can we talk about
how I'm making cake pops in this machine
and then if you go over here
this is Suffolk actual baking
that's basically it that is a cake pop
these need to stick a stick in it I was
the same thing it looks circular I need
to me oh no you gotta do mean accomplish
it out didn't know you can mess it up
half a teaspoon of vanilla essence I'm
gonna get your mug out what I know is
that are you actually using that so he's
got a period back for once you have
period things I did buy you that once
because I'm a lovely boyfriend it's
heated up there's like heated beads in
there look show them beads and it's like
a gel pad
oh that is hot and then you put it on
your stomach people are going to think
you're pregnant and you like secretly
warming the baby up
I'm definitely not perfect that's kind
of the opposite pregnancy isn't it so
he's pregnant everybody she's definitely
not right here we go Kate Fox this is
what we're making today this is exactly
what they are going to look like and
apparently any choose proper ingredients
which I didn't think I'd have to do I
love how this is a daily vlog yet I'm
literally making cake pops why is this a
thing
why have I turned into DIY days
pointless DIY let's have a look what it
looks like oh my gosh this looks so good
I actually get so much use out of all of
these machines well how many times I use
everything from this DIY videos and hey
instructions never oh you got a little
froggy thing look at this now you don't
need the instructions you just use this
looks fancy Zoe's made me a Christmassy
T in a Christmassy mug is this gonna
burn my head off whoa I've been forced
to use the instructions today by zoella
the baking expert makes approximately 24
K pop side to tell what the name was
then I forgot Hunter clamps all-purpose
flour 100 comes to constitute a 50,000
butter one large egg 60 ml of milk 1 T's
my god weight was TSP teaspoon or
tablespoon teaspoon vanilla 1/2 teaspoon
baking powder and a pinch of salt cream
the butter until softened add the sugar
vanilla oh my gosh
scoot mixture 5 minutes each one
required chocolate lemon I'm going to
get with the measurements out and then
we're going to mix all together wash it
in that machine I don't know if this is
the right way to go about it but I put a
hundred grams of flour and instead of
putting in a separate bowl I'm just
going to add another 100 grams of sugar
I don't have you meant to like mix it in
a certain order but I'm not doing that
put 2 grams
too much butter but one large egg this
egg is a very large dough a donation
- everyone is measuring glasses yeah
there is I got it
here we go 60 ml 1 teaspoon of vanilla
essence - any vanilla essence oh it even
says so L is on there
so L is vanilla extract bloomin heck
that is crazy okay come on do it then
Bosh and half the table so half a
teaspoon of that we have a bowl full of
ingredients now as always told me that
this is not how you're meant to do it
you're meant to like mix the butter and
the sugar together first or I don't know
I put it all in one and sure so stupidly
let me this I I'm kind of scared
how do I turn it on
oh my gosh this is sick how when these
bit stones do they not hit each other
look they turn in perfect sync look
that's amazing
don't go everywhere please don't go
everywhere huh it's a bit lumpy but it's
looking good things are getting crazy up
in here my arm already aches from
holding that up that's not because I'm
weak
that's gonna train my arms in the gym
this morning that is how you do that
stop running okay have you turn that on
oh that's why oh wow is that on oh my
yeah that's hot oh right you're gonna go
fast yeah I need to take two things too
yeah I mean don't be greedy now please
though it will it will affect me a lot
if you get on the that bit there the bit
that isn't a little circle that will
hurt my feelings that's like okay that's
perfect quick go because the thing with
this is that doesn't cool down just
because there's one we need to get going
yeah it's looking good smelling good
sounding good oh that one's like mmm
look what you've done
yeah because what was rule number one I
need to go quicker the perfect dollar hi
what have you done now you wait don't
worry I'm gonna come I'm gonna he went
home I'm gonna clean up that mess in a
minute don't judge quickly you're under
time Zoe
looky up living first Wow yeah because
it's spreading cuz you because it's
taken too long okay going quicker going
quicker DIY days okay now shut it you
ready yeah
three two one oh crap what we done I
don't worry yo my days come to the
rescue I'm used to stuff like this used
to stuff like this all the time
don't you worry and whilst we wait we
drink the Christmassy tea this is
actually amazing Zoe said it's got
something like marshmallows and
chocolate and stuff like in it
apparently are you ready to see I
haven't had a look yet I'm kind of a bit
nervous I feel like because I had some
help this time from Zoey just don't up
the luckily have I switched up is it
burning I switched over to Zoey's camera
minder on that memory or I don't have to
film this or or reaction hmm
doesn't that look good they look so good
right let's get let's get a little knife
wait wait don't broke it it's going to
cut around this I've cleared up all of
the mess I'm going to quickly turn it
off so that they cool down and then I'm
going to use I'm going to use this
little prong anything actually might not
need too much assure to flick them in
and pop them into this little thing just
to cool down Zoey look at these
obviously I need for them to cool down
don't they look good I'm going to leave
them there for like 10 minutes carry on
drinking my tea and then we're going to
stick them on stick some of these in
them and then hopefully we're even going
to try and decorate them probably a
short I've just arrived and poppy is
already judging my pop cakes are they
pop cake cake pops what I'm not gonna
Bobby what are you saying buddy
oh that's the thumbnail thanks for that
run fish Bobby Sean what are you eating
no don't eat that we haven't decorated
them yet take it back out no one can try
to the no puppy doesn't walk ache
mixture no they lick that off don't eat
it lick it off so much gosh
rank question you that let's do some
s'mores
no guys you're ruining all my food can
you brush that off with that tissue
please sure I've got the decorations
here Nutella some white snowflakes and
some of these lose me lose my reminds me
better than yours let's go okay why
you're just popping it on the side so I
see why you eat in Zoey's mind a better
than Zoe's one spoon each
join a long or a short stick just get
these out first watch them that you
gonna tell oh and you can't copy me
anything out I'm going not Ella use the
back of her use the back of your spoon
to nicely swirl it around poppy for
bicha Spurs in the blooming thing yeah I
just don't have to decorate the bottom
of my chocolate how excited you to watch
the missing tonight I'm just going to
put mine in there as well that was good
that was a good idea
Jose she looks really good are you
dropping another one in there okay let's
just work as a team I mean ask first
sort of heard you say that since I've
known you
there's I was born teamwork poppy days I
am I am you're what fine team out of
anyone but you
oh thanks I'm Shawn never team up with
Shawn we're in a relationship is poppy
good at working in a team there we go
I'm just competitive yeah that's good
working energy I'm not competitive with
like like things I'm just competitive of
games I don't even know if they taste
good yeah I haven't actually tried well
well that tastes ranks bomb my DIY
videos just great poppy you have to
admit they're better than any food crap
on your blog I'll just stop now yeah
stop after this run we need to try them
look at that do you want to show them
what you want me to here we go I think
they genuinely look really good like I'm
actually proud of them I don't want to
be associated with
we could think of white laughing zowie
they look amazing one way which men mad
Heather there's Nutella oh crap
oh no don't why oh wait why is one stuck
into another did you do that that's why
it fell over
oh go on go for it
Quan what let me see if it actually
tastes good tastes like that hello hi
she was gonna say it tastes bad whatever
whatever is because these took like one
minute to make is it actually good all
right here we go
Jose are you doing good he tricked me I
genuinely think that actually is good
concern it took like one minute what do
you think good from baking expert it's a
nice there we go
mother was it nice oh you can't try any
I'm sorry oh my gosh is my fighter oh no
but in it is good super super success
when I will sat down to have dinner or
that did you'll do anything pop see I
didn't order anything either just Zoey
and Shawn order to wagamama switch I'm I
incredibly jealous all righteousness huh
oh you should got two starters yeah so
we got katsu Cory Shawn got two starters
we're sitting down to watch Davina's new
program which is what watch this from
court you'll love
it's not called your log this time next
year who is excited show pants if you're
excited for the missing that was the
most intense episode of the missing so
far if you guys are watching it
oh my gosh that was insane you going up
to bed now
see you soon should we put you out to
the toilet Missy nah let's just went to
the toilet outside so I'm just turning
off all of the Christmas lights as per
usual I wanted to sleep in our bed so
bad tonight she's been so cute all
evening we try not to have a sleep in
our bed too much just sufficient of yet
dependent on it when we go away and
stuff but look at her she's so cute
coming up just give you a treat you wait
there sit wait let's see if she's still
waiting is she's still waiting good girl
and again for like the 10th night in a
row were watching planet Earth -
although I haven't seen any of this
stuff at all all about kangaroos and
it's so far super super interesting Nala
has been super excited by the animals on
it and going crazy but it's finally
falling asleep now I'm going to end the
vlog here guys sorry for the short vlog
today as I said it was just crazy busy I
went to the gym they're just full of
meetings and had as much fun as I could
possibly happen one evening and we
actually made some delicious food so if
you enjoyed it if you enjoyed the do I
go down below give it a thumbs up let's
see how many we can possibly get your
challenge is 45,000 subscribe if you're
not already
it's literally free just press the
button down there we're nearly at 4
million ish nearly 4 million I've got a
super free day tomorrow and I think that
one thing that I really want to do but I
haven't one of those animals is that
like a dog mixed with like barks like a
dog so I could do Fox cat that is a dog
mix of a cat wait straight up I catching
the morning guys lemon Eck were you
doing why do that but of course swimming
hiding like a weirdo
