good morning guys good morning how you
doing today we are going straight off
well we're already here to sky high
trampoline park in Brighton here we go
newbies have never been before some of
my friends HRR max today we've come over
got my new tracksuit bottoms on what do
you guys think they're like tech camo
apparently and we want special special
shocks we have to where this place is
actually like technically closed so just
bring over here just like last time when
I came here we've got the whole place to
ourselves guys this is crazy this is
like the goal in life this wall I don't
if you'll remember is is the right jump
on that one yeah
you have to stand on it and fall into a
backdrop why yeah you have to on this
one then the high one then the highest
one or just jump and seat drop back up
yeah terrifying
yeah when you go down the hill and it's
like that I can just tell that looks so
pathetic on the camera in real life
that's actually scary honestly max why
are you going for Max's going for a
double onto the bag go max oh you did it
now we have to enjoy it or you know only
up to Trier
Max's can't rise first backflip don't
bounce just stand and jump and do that
joy right put yourself in the eye the
way and he'll ant it first time and you
landed it oh my gosh go on go on yeah
that is derp derp when I was younger I
used to be so good at doing multiple
flips in a row just like constantly back
look back look back there and now for
some reason I'm too scared I can't do it
so I want to teach myself to have to do
it again
yo that was sick
hey just heading out now I don't think
I've had lunch yet you know hey there's
loes people outside waiting for us so
we've just left the trampoline place
we're now heading out for dinner I feel
bad I like starting my vlog at 4 p.m.
today guys I'm so sorry we all gonna
have a fun pack blog I assure you it's
so wrong you guys have got a jacket yeah
hold on tight to my hat I don't know
where we're going to go and get some
food are we going Frankie and Benny's no
ZZ it's quite a good chart that's on the
end although they've got loads of new
ones down here you know now you've got
down there you've got the call of this
this is all-new down here mod pizza and
there's so much choice this is what I
need guys a milkshake machine this is
for you max let me put a little bit of
this on that come on just a little bit a
little bit Khan oh we go what is it
first so then ever it's nice no no
what's that how many how many chilies is
it three are three Oh
and oh oh crap going you got that you
got that
where we've gone in look at that
although I took the top off if you're
wondering why is it gone on top we're
taking off too many carbs you know for
my abs please give me a like and
subscribe below thank you so we finished
up dinner more I'm like so full up I
can't even describe my stomach we're
contemplating even going bowling or
going to pay the you guys would have
seen in my vlogs before the
glow-in-the-dark dinosaur mini golf that
is here at Brighton very nice a lot of
fun before yeah I've been three times
but that doesn't mean I'm going to be
good that isn't none of that max has
gone for some pink hearts yes I'm gonna
go or was this color I'm gonna go I'm
colorblind bomb again the over yeah
sunglasses
did you legit get one goddess one great
for one yellow hole number one I see
your your glasses are so odd ones yellow
look in the camera
ones yellow ones green what was my
mistake my behalf go on you got verso
max for Max's first come on
Oh max if his little scoreboard around
his neck don't smash it I know what
you're like he's gonna believe it wash
it
oh my exactly what I said hey sir does
actually play golf so I think we've got
a bit of an unfair advantage here
Oh what's happenin oh look it maxes out
the way we all got that one it into max
you keeping score we little scoreboard
oh my playing with these Jews like
playing with two little kids all you
have to do is hit it straight into there
that's it here we go go max nice and
just hit it really straight watch this
Oh burn aces guy this hole is so hard
Oh
oh that's what I'm talking about
all in one it's loverboy shot the ball
was halfway in there he's having to
snooker it through use the other end now
like a snooker then look at him god oh
oh my gosh
Oh Lilian liyan wherever it lands is how
many you get how many shots you get so
you want it to land in the middle one oh
shut up shut up I'm very sorry
max mate we're not on that hole we're on
this one this is the last hole all you
have to do is hit it up and go through
that hole there if you go down the side
you get it in seven if you go through
there and you get it in one shut up you
know how hard that actually is no not
even close there we go thank you so much
is it weak in the scores a little bit
you've got a three twos threes I'll do
that badly it's been cheating Alfie last
place for 47:46 of Acer 45 for max
because how is this happen it definitely
was the glasses have you found that
people with the hot glasses do better
and the thing and the va voom and people
he is the skill I'm also thinking though
and I don't know if you agree with this
people who write down the scores are
more likely to win I feel like there's
some cheating going on yeah Phil I'm
access written down a couple of the
scores a little bit off not happy about
that no one's getting a lift Oh
where my dog is there's one of you
where's the other one buddy la May oh my
gosh just got home and I am so I know
looks like a stroke party I'm so tired
like absolutely knackered eating makes
me so Tigers is one two hours of
trampolining I could literally go to
sleep right now
so poppy and Zoe ni I've all sat down
and we're going to attempt to watch a
film that I've wanted to see ever since
I saw the first trailer of it which is
called The Secret Life of pets I just
don't think it's going to work I really
don't think this is going to work we're
trying to watch this with two dogs
already it hasn't even started yet it's
just a minion on the screen and they're
already barking oh no
this film is genius the film's bit of
older it's the Pug look well ha quickly
the film it's looking good so far
what do you guys think Zoe Doyle it hot
I don't get the dogs that she looks
alright you do the other way like a nose
ring what do you mean oh is that ways
for is it for the side I would give me
no done you can't punch me I don't I'll
break you let me do this it's actually
just a little goodbye reason it's just
too sticky out
huh good Bobby's gone into the other
room and we put the dogs in the other
room outside so they couldn't bark at
the TV and now she's going to get them
and you're halfway through the film when
I got my blooming nose pierced there is
actually a place in my ear that I do
want to get pierced at the moment and
needly want it done yesterday or so
tempted while stores in town Zoey what
do you think I want to get this bit done
like here just straight through there to
the back what do you that yeah some
people let's call somebody button that's
awful so I'm a bit scared I think I'll
get it done if it looks Babich take it
straight out and then it was up although
it's so thick cartilage it might hurt my
bet hello doggies la baby a little baby
girl oh my gosh
come on ever cuddle come and cuddle me
me I need to put you more in my videos
oh ok bye then cut what out what you on
about
so again what can you say it going why
are you still in NOLA
get off my having calendars that means
they didn't even know you can that's - I
don't need name they're already gone now
if everyone's watching this they're
already all gone so you can't get one
anymore no you cannot just take all my
chocolate Alvin calendars no they can't
see them they're not out yeah I'm taking
one oh no we can't not show them stuff
they're not out poppy they're not out
yeah what is it
look what he doesn't even know what it
is oh they say yeah she's literally just
taking everything yeah free star they
literally just stole so much stuff on me
I've been robbed
however I do have a lot I
I'm going to drop them look how many PV
advent calendars got sent to me today
this is the scene
I only quite a few because I wanted to
be able to give them to our family and
friends and stuff haha look at the bulb
that you can you can hear the chocolate
inside
I'm so excited and they will come that
popper sealed obviously I cannot wait
open one it's only a few days if you
ordered one they're going to be coming
soon killing them good girl just get you
a treat coming then into bed good girl
no no baby see in the morning the night
I've now got the evening duty I'm
turning off all five million Christmas
lights that we have all over the house
thing down is here no we got more on the
stairs oh crap Tim Tino didn't turn this
one off oh my god I'm so glad it pitch
black or she would have seen me fall
over I mean heck were you doing
why do that well of course
fliming hiding like a weirdo why are you
doing this let's go to bed
this is getting my thumb now whatever
the next one is come on why are you
holding my hand
did you fall over okay I just fell up
the stairs I thought I thought the whole
point basically the agreement was I
would turn off all the lights downstairs
and put knowledge to bed because Zoey
gets Nala up every morning whilst I'm
still asleep I wanted to go straight is
it
yeah you wanted to you didn't instead
you hid to scare me
oh I've been turning off all the lights
up and you right there
