good morning guys good morning guys how
are you doing I've got to be honest with
you I'm just gonna I'm gonna straight up
I'm just gonna say it because I'm a
little bit ashamed of myself of what
I've done this morning I'm not proud
I've messed up and I've let myself I've
let you guys I've let my trainer I've
let everyone down each and every day I
try and lift you guys up I try and leave
you feeling after watching my video in a
better mood than what you were when you
started watching the video try and
inspire you to get out there and do more
of your life and one thing I try really
hard to do is to train you guys to teach
you that Monday mornings are not a bad
thing they're a great thing it's a fresh
start to a new week a new day you're
lucky to be alive
and breathe in and go and bloom and get
if you want something go and bloom and
get it in a Monday morning is a great
place to start except from today for me
that kind of didn't happen I kind of
didn't stick to my own word I was meant
to be in the gym 8:00 a.m. this morning
with my personal trainer and I woke up
at 8:36
I woke up 36 minutes past when my gym
session was meant to start it's not a
good way to start the week that's not
what I meant to be doing I'm not trying
to make up any excuses but I am just
going to throw out there and say that my
iPhone ran out of charge I set my alarm
and I forgot to plug my phone in to
charge it overnight it ran out of charge
so my alarm never ever went off but
that's my fault so I'm going to take it
on the chin it's my fault the my phone
ran out of charge because I didn't put
it on charge so miss Mirjam session
today on a positive note I put in Aneesa
and braces last night so we're one step
closer to Alfie having straight teeth I
just said Alfie
that's where why am i speaking about
myself as Alfie to me having straight
teeth it's also raining like heck but
we're not going to let that bring us
down we're not what it might do though
is break my camera if I log out in the
rain but it's worth it
it's worth the risk I've already edited
and uploaded tonight's daily vlog
already in scheduled Zoe's back at home
filming a video to go
during December Joe still in his pajamas
on his phone and I've popped out to wait
chose to go up some breakfast
also some sushi I've just noticed that
the whole of the video so far has been
shot on some weird camera setting I need
to pay more attention on my settings
they're filming enough a video for
Christmas jumping straight back in the
car and I'm off to view something like I
don't know how much I can tell you I
don't know how much I should tell you
that I'm basically off to go and view a
property and an industrial property that
is absolutely massive and if everything
goes right and I like n it's all good
then there is going to be like one of
the most craziest dream projects
happening in my entire life like this
property it's a warehouse I'm not going
to say much but I'm off to go and view a
warehouse to potentially rent blue
Minette this is going mad if it's good
if it's good I'm 10 minutes late this is
not good I couldn't find parking
anywhere so I had to park in Sainsbury's
which means that I'm going to have to go
and do some food shopping afterwards I
was not allowed to park there but I
don't mind buying food to always good
not such great news everybody
got myself a lucozade which is unhealthy
but also I went to going to view the
warehouse and the people that owned the
warehouse were meant to be there and the
state agent met me there but obviously
he doesn't have keys it was only the
owner has keys and owner just wasn't
there it's meant to be there all day so
we couldn't actually get into the
property so except to like look through
windows and peek through doors and try
and try and see as much as possible but
we could couldn't really get a proper
view in pro mean it looked good it
looked cool it looked like it could be
right but but I'm not going to say like
it was perfect or is amazing or I think
it was the one because
because I literally didn't even go in
the property however there is another
one that I have actually been to and I
didn't vlog it it was how long ago was
it now maybe like a month ago for about
two years now I've wanted to do this
really exciting project and I honestly
will tell you more if it actually ever
looks like it's fully gonna happen but
the moment it's just an idea in my head
so I'm not going to jump to any
conclusions or get excited to excite you
guys about it if it doesn't ever happen
and I did go and view this one warehouse
that was in credible like it was
literally the one like the best thing if
you pictured the best warehouse in the
world with amazing parking outside for
tons of cars that was it also I hope you
guys don't mind me talking about things
like this like exciting things coming up
in the future and business II things
because I'm just so excited at the
moment of the possibilities of some of
the things that I've always wanted to do
because if any of these do ever end up
becoming a reality I want you to be
there every single step of the way from
the idea to designing it to go in there
my first ever time a view in the
warehouse and then visiting and telling
you guys what's going to be where and
why I'm doing it and then the end goal
and for all of you to be able to come to
the space and oh my gosh and I don't I
was going to say I need to wake up and
stop dreaming but I don't we need to
make our dreams of reality everybody
there's something in life you want to do
make a reality don't let it be a dream
that's not good enough we want it to be
a reality and you know what it can be a
reality because why not why can't it
somebody has done that thing that you're
dreaming that you could do if they can
do it why con you like literally that
rhyme does oh I didn't mean that derive
oh my gosh we're gonna do this guys and
we're gonna do it together so last night
I was up until 1:30 in the morning
trying to find some Christmas presents
for Zoey and I found like three little
things they're like quite jokey nothing
serious serious but it's getting too
close to Christmas now guys I need to
like proper start finding some good
so I've got two hours until I'm filming
with mr. Joe sugg I don't know what I
always call it mr. Joe sugg Oreo mr.
Yost I'll get my vlogs I got two hours
until i film with Joe a video for his
channel and so I thought I'd pop into
town and see if I can pick up some
little bits although nothing really
looks that open love this little shop
there was a nice copper pot in that but
it's not very Christmassy is it a copper
pot also I probably shouldn't be
vlogging saying these things okay so we
watched this video you guys I know what
you like end up tweeting her actually on
that note probably can't film anything
that I buy today because she's going to
end up seeing it kind of ended up with
three things for myself well actually
two for me one for my dad and a big fat
zero the Zoe
oh that was not intentional honestly I
did try and get her some stuff
Zoe's got her old old old old iMac out
she's going through photos this was the
party from the party and we first ever
saw each other
did you see me you didn't see me of
course I saw you I just didn't know who
you were
so let me see if I can look in the
background let's see if I'm in any of
them there's Louise we're going upstairs
to shoot Joe's new video when's this
going up and open the weeks point out we
will find out that one I didn't miss
deliver Zoe your day so it's called the
youtuber confessional confessions don't
blow them good question for you a
minetti's lights of blinding whoa I look
blue how did that go Joe I was good yeah
I like it is outfit guy don't wanna I
don't want to reveal whether you been
cleansed or not but you tried hard no
you you give your all okay that's good
you spill a lot of secrets that a lot of
viewers will not know about you which I
was shocked about it's two minutes past
5:00 which means that the vlog has gone
live then we quickly get on and read the
comments every day I try and sit down
and just read your comments for the
first like how also there's something in
these vlogs that I've wanted to do for a
while and I feel like mr. Joe sugg is
the guy by the way he is wearing shorts
it looks like you just got boxers on
he's warming up it's stretching in the
squat said so basically tons of people
on YouTube do trick shot videos whether
that's football ping-pong balls nerf
what whatever trick shots I've never
ever seen anybody do like cups of tea
we're going to do very very British one
I'm going to fill up this mug with some
boiling water and we're going to put it
down on the side and we're going to play
a game of like pig and you're in like
this yeah and so basically whatever
however one of us make the shot the
other one has to copy it and if you
can't get the shot then you get P AI or
G you'll see T bad trick shots because
it's got the tea bags out get way that
could be one shot there you could be
juggling get and then through all one at
a time all three
where we wait right so you get to put
this somewhere you go first
all right in the middle to what we cup
as well also I forgot to put any water
in it probably glad we didn't long
shopping back here a long on fro dark
fro oh shut up shut up shut up
no no oh my gosh right what this morning
right you guys to mr. P here comes the
first P is Bobby no chance you make that
did you go for the scruncher no I just
from a I'm just what at one with the
teabag over on ya like a dark oh no
chance now hope you get oh wow if it
gets a P is it my guys put it somewhere
else again yeah you'll go again okay
unlike these long pros your go you can
do whatever you want oh it's gone on the
floor hey this could be amazed if it
goes in Oh No close but no cigar my
tongue hmm hot is there yes how does it
think I so much for Standish the long
throw nice nice get shot there you go
come over your shoulder
Justin are you going for it in the back
like this oh the scooby-doo / Oh your
turn second round the back
oh if you get this I get instant ice
poor travel image get the light bulb out
often of the third
oh my gosh hey
oh yeah oh oh you got socks on that's
cheating
oh nice um accompany I got that shot
I'm very happy that okay I'm gonna put
it there all right
it's not good cricket bat Oh rubbish boy
I think I'm quite mad at film and I get
Greek and where I felt watching it and
run go but it was no good rounders oh I
heard of ours oh come back here
oh my time I still think maybe I've got
the ball in the right place here we go
I'm going to move on I hope you get this
give me your top under on are you been
under arm oh it's an accident waiting to
happen off the ceiling Oh
ha ha don't touch the door fall on my
head there you go drive to hold out no I
mean I'm not allowed to move is that
mother the harsher oh oh damn it oh nice
sideways I mean she could have power
your power it the power shot it's rocket
uh-oh
please close the bag open oh this is
difficult
it's so much harder isn't it than what
you think yeah I feel like we should get
a couple of GoPros I've got like three
or four GoPros upstairs another time
maybe even go to my office and shoot
like a proper version of this with
Rosalie camera angles oh if you had the
cup on its side that would have done it
no useless we're really struggling it's
Hartley
yourself.you froak meowth to catch it
the cup oh I look at that just really
simple yeah that's what Oh
a stick I can get this I cannot believe
this oh I love how we're getting more
and more complex yet with both crap
efficiently expect we're going to do is
get it in there oh good chance of
flopping into the cup
yeah here you go Oh do your favor that
was a nice angle Garrick and you can get
I reckon you can get this that's so
annoying it okay you ready for this yeah
Paolini's try get trade from behind you
oh you've got that one yeah more
accurate I'm on the floor let's wind hi
we need to go much more simple man you
run out to sell this because in there
from here offer cabinet nice it nice and
simple yeah do you get it oh I thought
you had it
oh my word I know right my guy pretty
easy easy
oh oh oh
hit the one next to it is you next sir
we'll get it change it up instead of
doing Pig because we're both so crap at
this we're gonna just do hi hey chai
yeah hey Jai hi
this shot maybe I'll move that little
bit closer
we're gonna go bounce off both sides oh
you know that was nearly yet
Oh Joe one good just as we change it to
hey joy are you kidding me
but I got another really good it's
called the vlog shop yeah we have to do
put on the end here and you Bob have a
carry handle is like vlogging yourself
in like yeah came over and this early
show like this you Shogun hand wash good
morning guys
we just had to look at the footage and
you couldn't see it I walked in the way
like this Marvin them to the side
good morning guys
no way right a thing after all of that
we can see they were both not that great
Joe is better than me but we're both not
that great knowledge having a dinner I'm
just cooking myself some dinner some
pasta the loser of the trick shot videos
leaving see you later man where are your
feelings oh great you call your pocket
square on the back of the game watch out
oh why oh you got a video hahahaha
oh no she don't like you buddies mean to
you is me my hair always looks so bad in
the evening look how flat it is cuz when
wearing a hat all day it's time to end
the vlog and in case you were wondering
because I've been getting tweets all day
and all day yesterday yes I am wearing
my braces let there in I hope you've all
had a lovely day whatever you're doing
let me know what you've been up to today
let me know if you've done anything
challenging anything exciting anything
out of your comfort zone go down below
smash thumbs up if you enjoyed this
video if you like the trick shots let me
know by smashing a thumbs up because I
think we could do some really really fun
stuff with a couple of camera angles
some bigger shots maybe my office may be
out in the street
I don't really know we can do some fun
stuff
I kind of miss Republican erasers thank
you so much for watching guys I've got a
really fun day planned tomorrow I think
I'm going to trampoline with my friend
Max oh subscribe if you're not already
go down below hit the subscribe button
we're nearly kind of nearly at for
millions if you're not already
subscribed go down below smash the
subscribe and I'll see you tomorrow guys
the resource box I
