did he sauce box ah good morning guys
how you doing last night there was a
very very very very windy storm here in
Brighton
now most mornings in these videos I
normally get up and I do a weather check
and I show you outside of this window
what you bout to see outside this window
it's crazy like I didn't even think this
this kind of thing was possible in the
UK we're going to start off with the
normal weather check looks pretty great
pretty disgusting if we pan down to the
garden my problem in fence has come off
at the next-door neighbor's garage like
the actual fence has been ripped off by
the wind those bushes are now on the
floor and there's like a pole oh my gosh
and over there I don't know if you can
see the little bird feeder falling off
on the floor we probably only got that
fence installed like eight months ago
absolutely crazy
something smells insane I think it's
always baking a banana banana zip
another loaf banana bread same thing oh
my gosh
oh man when's it going to be ready time
to try out some of the cake it's got
chocolate in it as well did you make
this this morning yeah so I was asleep
so he was baking me breakfast that's
really good there's no warm really good
in still warm or shut the bellies in it
yes Medianet as well yeah well you have
to be quiet cuz I'm filming videos in
there I need to go get in the shower
guys are the beds not made either our
house today is so bloomin messy one of
my biggest pet peeves in life is just
tidying up going food shopping cleaning
all things so bloomin boring I'm making
the bed takes me ages to make the bed
that actually looks really good for me
time to get in the shower let's see if I
can turn it on without my arm getting
wet today oh that's not mean anything to
be proud of I feel so much more awake
once I've had a shower
some people are evening showers is that
even showers people some people shower
in the evening some people shower in the
morning I could not possibly shower in
the evening otherwise it just wouldn't
wake me up like I have to have a shower
to be able to like shock my body to wake
up in the morning so I'm looking around
for something but I've been aware it's
gone it was on the mantelpiece and now
now it's gone there's so much blooming
stolen that I'm gonna be very very cross
I was about to show those of you that
haven't seen I've released a PV like a
pointlessblog advent calendar like a
chocolate advent calendar you know the
ones you open every single morning in
December will have released one of them
right there for sale right now I was
going to show you guys and tell you that
there's a link down below to go check
them out because this is the very very
very last day like in less than 24 hours
from watching this video they're going
off sale or they're never ever ever ever
going to be sold again and there's not
many of them left and I wanted to show
you it but it looks like someone's legit
stolen it from my house I only had one
as well all the rest are in the
warehouse for you like waiting to be
sent to you guys
well that's annoying I'll put a picture
up on the screen here they look like
this they're absolutely awesome
I've designed that with the chocolate
myself and taste testing with the
chocolate there is not many left go grab
one now if you want mine like I said it
is the very very very last day that they
are available so be quick link is down
below that is all I'm going to say about
them because by then they're going to be
gone they're going to be gone forever I
kind of don't really know what to do we
are going out as soon as these guys
finish filming but they're still filming
now and I really really really want some
sushi so I'm so tempted to go nipped
Waitrose and grab some sushi in the car
or do I take Nala for a walk and
oh I am I think she heard me
did you hear what I said I guess it's no
sushi for me and a fun time for Nala
doing it down here pick your tips do you
want a jumper or should we just like
this okay let's just go like this it's
such a lovely crisp day but you know
when it's just like a good amount of
cold and it just feels really fresh and
like I don't know I didn't had to
describe it but it just feels really
really fresh and lovely and cold but not
too cold there's no wind at all which is
surprising because there was literally
like a storm last night and the storm
had like a proper name Zoe told me this
morning that the storm had a proper name
I can't remember it something like storm
Angus Nala
there's no way to get all his attention
when she's on a walk all she wants to do
is explore Nala a Missy Zoe I probably
gonna stop filming and then just be like
where the bloomin hell is Alfie is he
how I bet you they think that I'm hiding
from them and then they're going to be
even more confused when Nala isn't there
oh my gosh look at the size of all of
that mushroom no no no no no no no no no
no not for you Missy what the heck
imagine if humans were like this and
just sniffed where each other would weed
my arse always just been to the toilet
let me quickly go and sniff it let's see
what we've got in here hmm what is this
good girl they're still filming upstairs
I don't know what to try and go to
whiterose you get some sushi or what
they they can't be much longer then
they've literally been up there for like
an hour this is going to sound weird to
most of you but does anyone else hide
things around the house but every time I
go out the house I don't get my laptop I
hide it somewhere if I don't take my my
hard drives or hide them somewhere if I
don't take my cameras or hide them
somewhere purely just in case we ever
got burgled then they wouldn't be able
to find those items which mean a lot to
me
obviously we do have CCTV all around the
outside of the house as well as or the
inside of that site we have CCTV all
inside recording 24/7 but I hide things
and then I don't know where I put them
like at the moment you know I have my
gaming laptop I have my normal laptop I
just do everyday things on but then I
have a gaming laptop as well just for my
gaming videos I have no idea where I put
it
I've obviously hidden it somewhere so
well and I do this all the bloomin time
I hide stuff so well so that people
can't find it that I can't find it
myself where is it Zoe
under the sofa blur my neck right in
girls asking me asking them to match my
hotel room
no it's not yeah when you're on tour in
Australia's mad yeah like what you're
doing to come round do you know how many
of us know around no it did not
cool it up no I'm literally looking for
it in my vlog for the last like five
minutes thank you so much yeah what is
going on voice it ha ha ha kodesh get it
get him get another do that thing where
you were running like a monkey little
look law watch this I just realized why
my cam has been really really dark for
half of this vlog I'm sorry my little
setting in the top was on the wrong
thing it was on some like we I don't
know what it was I'd leave on auto
usually if you ever wonder why was
Sunday night at youtubers houses like
this is the reality we've got Joe
editing Zoe editing and not or asleep
this is what it's really like to be with
some youtubers on a Sunday the busiest
upload day I've got two videos up
already my dead bugs gone live and
and I've just ordered a takeaway which
should be arrived in one minute should
have arrived one minute ago and then
tonight I'm also going to do a YouTube
livestream so that's going to be
basically three videos three videos
today and these guys are both uploading
as well their videos they've got club
going up tonight this is the reality of
uploading videos on a Sunday so he's put
on the greatest store in the world is
that what is that what it's called the
greatest store in the world and it's not
even widescreen like when was the last
time you watched a film that was a
square a German TVs were square shape
rather than rectangular since my last
vlog clip it's honestly been about a
minute and a half my dinners arrived and
Zoe's dinner has also arrived oh my gosh
calamari I'm so excited as I was saying
I was gonna go live well I am now like I
finished my dinner and I'm live here
this is everybody say hi in the chat and
you're gonna see yourselves everyone say
hi there we go so this is what it looks
like from the other side if you watched
yesterday's live stream I've even got a
fancy little microphone here for my
iPhone and lifting the clips onto the
tripod so you might just seen yourself
through here on a scale of 1 to 10 how
well this your video going the time is
901 I've uploaded three videos hey take
me so long as oh it still hasn't even
got one up yeah but you're a quick
editor also your videos didn't require
much presentation
Oh excuses I asked users
I offered help I offered help with the
music well in the end I just made it no
I don't use it no I'm sure it's gonna be
great it's time something you've all
been waiting for
and then we're about two weeks bind got
very nice tripod here I'm gonna balance
you on sweet kisses this is just another
one I don't want to just let go check
yeah the one that kisses kisses you have
to say a bit more honey kisses thank you
she is looser hey sit up next
Kasey's and the kisses total feces
thank you
one kiss each a dozen I'm exciting here
she's a little bit you know Joe you
don't like him
it's time the new sauce box ah oh
there's another water is birch wrong
it's not bad for this time all right
let's just go straight water is coconut
milk and vanilla drink all Mozart sounds
amazing
yeah that's good dairy free dairy free
but not for me only pay a dollar fifty
fifty-five wanna see you near are not
high wha it's spinning its spinning that
box for about two weeks you know it's
alright actually
it's got possessed for a little bit
bears alright make sure in Douala okay
to know what happened I just thought I
saw someone walking out there then I was
like don't say that our house is haunted
really since we need to do a Ouija board
so there's someone yeah I use a coconut
water
Oh quite like that I would drink that oh
yeah we like that yes nice now hmm I
like coconut milk would like my yogurt
but I don't like drinking it that's
really nice is really smooth yeah I just
had a light coconut milk with my yoga
much convertor my furtive Blackwater CH
water yeah oh we've got some little
balls here organic spirulina orange
orange Faustino spirulina duck yeah make
sure to measure to yourself it means
everything out yeah oh gosh part
spirulina once in a drink and he flushed
him out and gonna jump up a new book ha
ha go in its Eva no let me slip there
give it to me there you go
that I'm gonna do this or not let's just
sit in on a limb I think it's usually
like check orange oh I don't if it
tastes that good I'll be surprised
I'll solve that I actually punky that my
mouth okay like that I don't like orange
um I don't like orange stuff that's not
chocolate tea I care
no you beaten hard no no I like the idea
of it back in there like the idea of it
but if it was another flavor I don't
like orange I think I've said that like
eight times
right you know all right whoo oh we got
blue middle jar coming up in a minute
Apple Creek oh yeah guy is just Acosta
that's disgusting
oh you're going to eat the store so
hands-on you have to eat this dog can we
take that when you have to eat the store
ah mmm what'll I both be quite chewy but
they're not I actually like crisps mmm
that's genuine you're really good mmm
tastes really good you can have some in
this Nullah
wait honey you can have a ball it's just
dried apple what do you think Helen that
nice but you know gonna wait eat it oh
and she's gone
we're not going to take off juice oh
sure yes she loves it Trump eyes on a
nose like that a video yeah I want to
teach neither tree on our vase another
when you tell her she just BJ's gonna
listen to you is she well
not Alan Alan oh honey what's stop stay
sit stay wait we're trying to balance it
on her face nothing out you just know
where is Charlotte over there wait wait
wait good go away go away
wait OOP no kit wait wait wait wait wait
oh yeah scamp way you're gonna have to
capture that you may get the flick
gunman Oh mister this looks like quite a
breakfast pot yeah we've got some
porridge guys so obviously you can't do
that in this video
and we've got some super food hot
chocolate begin Gary free gluten free
are hundreds of natural I didn't even
know that was a thing I might try that
here we have some crispy coconut curls a
slightly peppered so a savory option
here who thought who'd have thought that
best friends are now eats more Apple RJ
I bet that good oh wow
I like that oh wow they're tiny it is a
poppadoms they're very good I like them
mmm daga delicious yeah really good
hmm breakfast by mean like a very cool
feel really good
no was not expecting that paper yeah
coconut it's all completely savory and
then we woke up would act again we can't
do this one unless you want to try some
more chocolate activated almond spread
yeah well yeah we can try I can't wait
that you think I get one I'll give a
little apple bit in it now good liar
that's a really nice little prayer you
go check out there yeah take of it this
is a chocolate activated pot chocolate
or overly with almond if it says
chocolate oh wow
should you like Nutella oh my god it's
like melted a pen kind of chocolate from
the point of blood Canada
you're so right though yeah I told you
that is earth mazing that's so delicious
that's my favourite so far we've got
some check over here some organic raw
chocolate nibs I can hear what's up you
all Joe you're gonna want to try one day
 that look incredible
look how insane that looks one second we
don't know the whole video you've inside
the dressing-gown and we never addressed
it right underneath turning it first you
can take a whole name go on then go and
pull off an ear what flavor chocolate is
there Wow let me nip join I live what's
bit big look at more than if Jesus came
isn't not yeah is it a healthy way no
healthy birthing haha oh not dark
chocolate the texture so interesting
I'll never hadn't even like that my life
the salty road where is it coffee hot
for me organic raw chocolate do you know
why you don't like that your names
it's quite like a crunchy texture it's
not strangest I did what I liked it
right I would love that but it's
slightly too dark for me each bars made
from the best
Coco instead of being roasted beans a
cold ground I mean I didn't like it I
already want some more so maybe like a
bunch you like dark chocolate do you
know I like about it you don't have
texture it feels like it's nutty but
it's not nutty chewy yeah it's got not
working through almonds I know it is I
mean there is something you know
everything oh I feel like I like I want
to eat more of it because it makes is
like obviously each other's naughty but
you that's my master has that's probably
naughty boy look this is where it says
happiness inside yeah a little bit
happier we've got another war doctor
bite organic fruit any not my own
berries I love this packaging can you go
for that one I mean that so cool it's
like oh yeah oh it's done fungi for
monkey seeds
oh sweet crude their videos are done
hang on one minute guides their new
videos alive you know what sometimes I'm
very skeptical around vanilla flavored
like chocolate vanilla I'm not usually a
fan right dancing I've like vanilla ice
cream but not another chocolate now
looks good
did you good it's good nutty bar nice
there's nothing sweet isn't it's nice
this I would say that something there
stands out me like that mmm those
raisins Annette and you hate babies I do
that raisin I like it there's not about
as nothing special it's not wowed me you
got a tray little sprinkling of milady
see I'll just I'll visit you should help
ease the Louie Walsh so your show : I
was a lot C yeah yeah I don't want any
see come on come on I got balls then one
see my pocket Oh Sarah
they will come on you on all in one I
really like them mmm yeah that's nice I
press the golden buzzer on would you
yeah you actually it wasn't a bad signal
Oh who did that the TV's try playing no
matter he's gonna run no I'm not getting
all right
quickly everyone fame item what was it I
really want to try this hot chocolate
I'm such a shame this is for me it was
without doubt these peppery coconut
there is a yes uh if you don't the drink
as well I'm surprised I'm here in either
the drink or the Apple I really like the
Apple the spread oh this is great nice
this like reads as well I would eat
those more can you imagine it's dipped
in hummus that's I mean these are these
are great they're so different but I
kind of expect you know I've seen Africa
before I've seen before I've seen like
before I've never seen slightly peppery
coconut eligible um you know what tree
Nala
what was your favorite was it this boy
knock yeah I gave Mallory don't see what
did you dankus you like that hunson see
she put it in a mouse it's quite salty
she swim pinching that one of these no
probably not with the spiciness I see
though is kind of reading up facts about
dogs and we're literally learning things
now even though we've had a dog for two
years
for example little thing licking feet
dogs lick humans feet to show them that
they're submissive to the owner or to
whoever it is that's always look at
their information from the receptors
from you're talking about receptors and
gathering information from the feel
somewhere very very interesting
basically so that's one thing we've
learned and then we've also learned and
I don't know how we didn't know this how
we didn't just assume this yeah was that
if you get up like not let the way in
which I've described knowledge people is
that she's like a shadow wherever we are
in the house one of us she will be
following so if I good up now went to
the toilet she would jump up and follow
me to the toilet or if Zoey got up and
got a drink she would jump up and
fulla's oh into the kitchen unless she's
like dead asleep and with the other one
yeah and apparently this is because dogs
are normally impacts like that's their
nature is to be in a pack so they just
jump up and they just follow you
assuming that that's what they have to
do that's what they're meant to be doing
naturally by following the leader of the
pack how cute that's so cute
rather than I just think why isn't all
they're not just sleeping on the sofa
I'm literally getting a drink she's so
stupid but maybe she's at all
I meant to be getting up and going
that's so cute and all sort of licking
the feet I just thought like ah don't
know why she's doing that so annoying
maybe it just feels good in that tongue
but it's to show that she she knows and
she thinks that I'm in charge which is
also great if you know any cool fun
facts about dogs leave some comments
down below guys so we can learn some
more all of us can learn together hello
ma'am
good night see in the morning I'm good
bitterly muffout I've never walk around
Brighton I'm going clubbin by yourself
aren't you all for clubbing now I'm just
gonna go out of the beach and in some
stones it's 20 minutes past 1:00 in the
morning
I've just been shopping or I'm boy
anything but open looking online the
things to is sorry for Christmas his
master slave Jim's gone up to bed let's
go to bed should be outside you need to
get to the toilet oh I feel really bad
it's like proper raining out there Kim
um coming him
let's close the blind should we get you
a treat oh that's a good one coming then
you jump into your bed good girl
there we go no night see in the morning
the only annoying thing about Christmas
is because we go so over-the-top we have
so many Christmas decorations and lights
everywhere takes about 15 minutes to go
to bed because we're turning off so many
different little sets of Christmas
lights I'm going to end the vlog super
quickly Booker's got to hit the gym so
soon if you've enjoyed the vlog give it
a massive thumbs up go down below
smasher comes up and subscribe if you're
not already I'll catch it to my guys
I'll see you in the morning
lovely evening good night oh yeah get it
screams out
