look at my bloomin hair looks like I've
been electrocuted good morning guys good
morning how you doing I hope you're
having a lovely day if you are go down
below smash your thumbs up if you're
feeling good I want to do a quickly
we're about to head out but I want to
quickly do a weather check to show you
how blooming nice the weather is today
also our blind is broken you can't put
it all the way up if anyone knows how to
fix this actually basically this little
bumpy bit hits that there and therefore
we can't put anything I don't know you
get the idea
this is the weather it looks in sane
look at blooming nice that is this
November pretty close to December
actually now but head out we've got Zoe
all dressed up looking good show them
you outfit little outfit of the day and
their knowledge show them you up there
she just keeps running around me yeah
let's put a little Christmas on back so
I told you guys in yesterday's video
that today we're hanging out with tons
of family so I've got my auntie coming
over my cousin have we just got James
and Maxine kumin neighbor is there
anyone else LOI
James and Maxine and then James's three
little kids two of them little kids one
of them is a brand-new baby
I say brand new is if you like they just
it one of them is a new baby
apparently knowledge walking herself
today as you would have seen in
yesterday's video got a bloomin snow
cone machine like an actual snow cone
maker so I'm taking that over to use
today with a family hello hello just
popping in Tesco to grab some ice hello
doggy
so I've got a ton of explaining to do
you're probably thinking why the hell
outfi are you back home it's five
minutes to 5:00 in the evening I spent
the day hanging out with my cousin my
auntie and my cousin three kids one is
eight one is five and one is three weeks
old so cute he's having a little cuddle
my covers his face it seems they get the
camera out
papi won't share him yeah I feel sorry
for Shaun this was dangerous bringing
him over Oh always look at the camera oh
yeah get my boobs out see if you can i
film like everything in my life like
everything I possibly do ever that's
like going to the dentist go to the
doctor go into the gym hanging out my
friends hanging out my family or
whatever but today just didn't really
feel right to film because there's so
many people that watch these videos now
and so many of you are so invested in my
life which I absolutely love like
honestly that's so awesome so amazing
and and I just feel like with friends
like honestly the connection between
myself and you watching this video is
almost just like we're friends like
we're hanging out every single day at
5:00 p.m. we just have a little 15 or 20
minute hangout session in my vlog but
something that obviously comes with that
is tons of you and I don't really talk
about it too much in my vlogs is but
tons of you guys stopping me in the
street and recognizing me and in real
life and that happens like I don't
remember the last time I ever stepped
out of the house like honestly and I
didn't get stopped by like I don't know
five 10 20 of you or whatever like if I
go to town on the weekend pretty much
right I'm going to be honest comedy do
that I don't really go out much on the
weekends to public
like if you look back in the blog so
don't really do that so basically what
I'm trying to say is I decided today not
to film the part of my day with my
family because I don't really want all
of you guys stopping them in the street
or going up to them or shouting I hate
you half is on to your office cousin or
can I get a picture whatever when they
live such a life that they're not used
to that kind of behavior they're not
used to that activity so basically I did
not film them today I did have an
amazing time hanging out catching up in
fact all my family including pop in shoe
on are still over there now nalu's
absolutely knackered from playing with
everyone today
Joe's just arrived here and Joe and Zoey
upstairs now filming videos I had to
come back here I was planning on staying
there all evening and having dinner with
them and watching The BFG the moment
dad's internet I'm trying to be a little
bit quiet because they're filming
upstairs
mom and dad's internet is so slow that a
four o'clock I tried to upload my vlog
and he said it was going to take two
hours two hours to upload my vlog so mom
had to drop me over here and I've just
Upland I'm just uploading it now as soon
as this vlog goes up I'm going to head
back over to mom and dad hang out them
for a bit then what so enjoy finish
filming I'm going to come back over here
and we're gonna have fun and hang out
for the evening
get out your mouth now get out your
mouth spit it out spit it out tell
everyone what you've just done from your
photographer I love them I've got my own
piece of banana bread the Jake and Ruby
made me earlier rolled up in a little
bit of tissue like this I just caught
poppy opening it and cut in half of it
off where's the other half gone I've got
to go now and then go back and pick pick
Joe and Zoey up a takeaway I'm so
jealous
says I mean Joe ordered a Chinese
takeaway and they've asked me to pick it
up but I have no idea where they've
ordered it from then they sent me the
address I don't know if they're joking I
guess I've just spoken to Zoey the place
that she's ordered the Chinese from is
like a 25 minute drive from my parents
house it is no way near my house or my
parents house so I have either
though interacts any order from wrong
place so I've had to drive 25 minutes
away to get this takeaway
thank you have a lovely evening hello my
neck how much did they order oh my gosh
and now I have to drive all the way back
to my house which is like another 20
minutes and it's a Saturday evening so
it's so busy
here's your Chinese all the way from
China
Jerry's asleep - Zoe wanna sleep
born asleep on the sofa in the evening
water did you guys order ablum enough
the weight of that bag is like a baby
what is this guys you for doing it your
live show oh yeah more than women this
is the most joe sugg thing I've ever
seen you all I ever will be no no you
need one judges did a live stream on
YouTube most people start in live
streams reason Evan they just get back
into it yeah this is just horrific
but if there was no it's like that's
almost scarier yeah but that's actually
really scary scary thing imagine like
that coming at you but hook up in the
street yeah that's horrible
I completely forgot why I've got in here
Zoe this is from mum some more mashed
potato
cuz mash is your favorite and that's
what we have for dinner I just the in
dinner at mom and dad's Ida sausage a
mash and I technically a pitch and she's
like what you guys have been mushed
without me that's like a favorite meal
it's a mum put together a little portion
for Zoe he to us and stuff I don't want
to sit down with a plate Bible it you
just had dinner half an hour ago gone
Alfie I'm like six dinner sit
my eyes comity do anything too tired to
see but not asleep on top of me say
asleep inside of me enjoy sleeping to
the side of me no idea with diamond time
it's only 22 points 12 is always
thinking either I feel you
that's exactly how I feel right now this
room is so hot
all of us just fell asleep what time to
even fall asleep if we've been asleep
for a good couple of hours I think we've
all been asleep on the sofa all three of
us for like two and half hours
I was ill aha see I let you have no idea
so yeah morning man you know I would get
like I'm so out of it I'm so so tired so
and I'm just going to bed to go straight
to sleep
carry on going to sleep just one plan I
have to - listen - I'll catch you in the
morning I'm gonna carry on this vlog a
little bit tomorrow because I feel like
I didn't really film anything today
hello yesterday's vlog so I've just
edited this video watching now and it's
like nine and a half minutes long or
something and I love my vlogs to be a
lot longer than that
come on doggy asleep next to me so I
just tweeted now saying quick you have
30 seconds to ask me something so I'm
just gonna answer a couple questions you
can do a little Q&A I never ever do Q&A
because I don't ever upload my point
blog channel Q&A is over there let's
just end this welcome little Q&A are you
happy now let me know that's a deep
question for number one and yeah I am
I'm very happy very very happy
can you prank so it kind of burned that
one she's literally sitting behind the
camera just on the side of she now
knows that I'm gonna I'm going to do
that what's my favorite ice cream flavor
my favorite ice looks like this holes on
purpose by the way looks like there's a
hole in my jumper my favorite ice cream
flavor that's hard because normally I'd
done mint choc chip
but recently of solute and resin
recording so I made my car so
embarrassing
recently we saw an ice cream from this
place in town that does carrot cake
flavor unbelievable you need to try if
you haven't tried it already fact I
think we got some in there I know we did
have some in the fridge
I yet with the carrot cake favorite dog
breed besides a pug Joe's literally
staring that is so weird he in your
banana bread my favorite dog weed
besides a pug
I would love a husky I would love a
husky so bad but then like six but you
have to walk them for like six hours a
day
and that's that's like a full-time job
that's just not realistic and we don't
have a big garden so I would say a husky
although it's not ever realistic then
because I'm never gonna get I think I'm
gonna get another pug as I say a husky
no that runs away from me do you have
your braces in guys what did I say the
forfeit was the other day I said at any
point in the day you can tweet me saying
do have my braces and if I don't have
them in I have to do a forfeit common
what it was
there's something I should the other day
little I pulled my front tooth out
this one imagine I don't know what I
said
somebody find out what it was and I'll
do it in like the next daily vlog
completely forgot I'm very sorry what's
the most delicious dish you can prepare
by yourself you know I don't do much
cooking
that I can actually prepare like I don't
even know how to cook a roasted you know
to cook a roast dinner no top the timing
stresses me out like I actually don't
have to cook anything like properly
maybe like a pasta bake that's just
passed on your white cheese on it work
in the oven can you check on carne I
used to I learnt in food tech in school
yeah you should do that spec well yeah
although I don't know I said I don't
even if I'd known to make the sauce
fillet
really you gave the shop and just fine
Romeo's nothing he had to prepare
yourself up yes my demise you just
chopped up tomatoes and squish them up
yeah we should buy pureed tomatoes
why have you tweeted that well Zoe said
can you give me a massage
and hey yeah yeah I can do but I'm not
going to I can but I'm not going to I've
never had a massage yes you have I've
only had one but I was almost well I was
drunk and I was at Ocean Beach Club in
Ibiza I paid twenty years on massage
going to be no it's like this like pool
Club thing I was up here to go 20 euros
to come over wait a random girl or an
actual masseuse she said she's a
masseuse
she's weapon she went up the white
clothes and masseuse as well okay it's a
dry massage I was like okay so I have
one and I I was nice but I think she was
like it wasn't a proper one you weren't
like laying down on a bed she was
whipped out my so much better day well
yeah yeah I wasn't like okay yeah I was
full of a gazebo no nonzero first
impressions of Zoey when you met her I
went to a party that Zoey was at that's
first time we ever saw each other in
real life I had no idea she was she knew
who I was and she's seen my videos but
she wouldn't come up and say hello true
or not true true that's not the first
impression of me that was a story yeah
that's what stories before yes she's in
the background in one of my blogs first
time I ever saw her in the background of
my vlog he didn't love that day I can't
leave that in boys your favorite spot in
Brighton we're gonna end off without my
favorite place in Brighton probably the
lanes like just shopping in the lens
every time Joe has come to Brighton ever
in the history of his life it's been
raining been rated but it's not raining
today this although it's still cool oh
yeah it was a storm was the name of the
storm this morning
I guess storm Angus we had a storm which
is ironic Arno's the next day for me I
shouldn't be telling them their weights
if you wait to see tomorrow's vlog I
shouldn't be leaking stuff thongs and
full frontal service don't hear no
that's actually it says Brighton but it
was actually Worthing oh they lied
lion you know right I'm gonna end the
vlog guys I'm sorry that it was a really
really random ending and a random vlog
and a random day I hope you enjoyed it
if you did smash the thumbs up if it did
say yes to this DIY video go check it
out or get out and I got a new gaming
video went up today
so I'll leave a link down below I'll go
a little bellend what
oh my gosh hey hey hey my headaches nice
that looks in shame look at that
