this kick off the day with the good old
weather jack oh my gosh it actually
looks incredible today today is going to
be a good day
you
I just want to take a minute and talk
about something I just experienced
whilst I was driving home I saw a woman
smiling more than I think I've ever seen
somebody smile like it genuinely made me
smile seeing how happy she was almost
like two little pop in her step she was
so ecstatic and I was thinking like I
wonder what it is and I looked at the
building that she had just left and it
was like a Health Care I think maybe
like a private hospital or something
which only makes me think that either
herself or her family members or one of
her friends or something has just had
some really great news but the smile on
this woman's face was was crazy and it
just makes me think how blooming lucky
we are how lucky I am how lucky are you
to be able to watch this video like not
this actual video but to be able to use
the Internet to be able to have a phone
or an iPad or a laptop or a computer or
at least have access to one if you're
watching this right now take a moment to
take in and realize how privileged and
how lucky we actually are to be able to
be experienced in technology and life
like we do and to wake up it sounds so
silly but literally to wake up every
single day in a world like this because
because it's so easy to forget that and
just not that we take for granted what
we've got not that at all but just hard
to remember how lucky we are because for
us it often is so normal and then I may
be happy anyways let's go inside with
that code now it is a few hours later
just finished up a meeting do love a new
jumper that I bought yesterday it's
purposely got rips in it by the way if
you think of already ripped it
I haven't mark and Zoey are standing in
front of me very suspiciously with their
hands behind their backs because
apparently they've got me and these
Christmas presents or they present that
Christmas related yeah presents that
Christmas rated even watch my is it I
can no more something we said that we
were going to get me something
and then we did you rock it and I still
haven't seen it oh we didn't show it I
didn't show it I just said in my vlog
that we were gonna get me something but
you have to keep them out at all time
you know I trust yours I just don't just
Marx it's going to be like a blooming
it's gonna be like on them in gnome
riding a dolphin or something if you
guys know me well and you watch these
videos you'll know that my the one thing
that I hate more than anything is
opening a present in front of the person
who gives it to me I look at these do
well should I close my eyes yeah
keep them closed I'm scared what the
bloomin heck is that cube of poo oh
that's actually cool yes genuinely
really go okay cuz you know I never ever
find anything with my name on that
really and they never have outfit
anywhere this is a little like Christmas
decoration
since Alfie on that base me that's me
the school play when I was younger
okay you've got multiple yeah all right
Marty yeah is that oh my gosh
new changes gonna so you need that by
your bedside that looks like it's been
like did you ever see my 3d doodle video
with what I learned appends yeah it
looks like it's been worn by one of
those pet I think that ah that's
actually really go oh my god that's so
right why did you show your money on
this Oh
it's like the Train all over again last
year no I like that one's over a trend
going on Christmas tree I mean left the
price on that quickly tick it off
I don't know that who is it do you like
them so are you saying you don't like
mine no I do like yeah it's cool I don't
know where I'm going to put in bedside
maybe your bedside table no I need yours
Donna really likes that one I would
drive it in your bed condition always
bet that she's always girlfriends than
this one hey money all knows because he
thought you liked that that's nice no
that's issue action and then he doesn't
either
there we go so darlings up sir oh you
look very happy together
thank you guys you're welcome thanks for
presents we love them
whoo right I'm off to town to go meet my
friend che who is in Brighton before
he's taught me specific I just dropped
my keys oh just drop the brimming key
somewhere
so my my office lift still looks to be
as broken as ever the door is now dead
even open since the last came like a
couple of days ago so many of you guys
always ask me why I don't come here more
well I don't know then sit on the sofa I
do still come here I have tons of
meetings here and stuff but there's just
not as much to to film here as there was
before I was about to meet up with che
now in a cafe just around the corner
from here and offering laurits as well
it kind of makes more sense for me to
pop in here and edit the vlog instead
because I would have just had to sit
though of headphones in and been boring
whilst those two chat and hang out so
I've said I'm going to get on with this
edit edit as quick as I possibly can and
then I'm going to go meet those guys
although Laurence does have a haircut in
like half an hour so I might not get to
see him he readies lose at a game of
table tennis and never lose against you
haha yes
don't even test me again good game bro
imagine daily vlogging on this like this
is what some people actually vlog on let
me show you what I use and I feel that
this is quite intense I've got like over
them in hand and underneath my camera
some people film or things like this hey
how heavy is this could you imagine just
one arm no living XJ I don't know how
people do it I will just stick to this
little camera guys this this suits me a
new perfectly doesn't it good bye office
I'll see you soon see you very soon
scale of 1 to 10 J how sick is writen
and you know where this is going ok like
an 8
he's like a solid Ted look at these
Christmas lights everybody look at this
look how festive it is everyone's just
so lovely as well
hey hey den good thank you see that's
what I'm talking about everyone's just
so lovely they doing
yeah of course I can well you happy my
of course I'm happy
thank you nobody spell if I can
oh you're hot I'm in a bad mood no in a
good mood now man you need to cover that
up nice good man
you might need to think about or not
makes me feel awesome no I'm always in a
good mood on my teammate that's good
thank you very much have a good run
buddy see you later see it was just in
the government in Brighton this is what
I'm talking about
who remembers my video the other day the
pizza challenge
sriracha sriracha sauce
no thank you into Weigel we go I
completely forgot to build my food but
I've I've a half-eaten jr. and quinoa
and then some bang bang cauliflower and
cheese already finished he's just gone
to the toilet hello hey maybe a baby hey
baby
Zoe's not going to very happy of me have
you had dinner yet
no but I'm I'm enough to know J as you
just seen and it was incredibly rushed
because chair to get to our friends
loris house Jackson rushed because chair
to get to Lawrence's house all basically
all my friends all my boyfriends all
playing um oh your bully mate
they're all playing poker my lorises
house and I just dropped ray they'll
trade their off trade off there now
I just talk trade to Lawrence's house
now why pinning that face cuz I want to
know what you just ate without me is it
my favorite it was very brushed by me
your book side to get Jay there in time
I did pop in a say hello to the guys as
well tell me what it was what does it
begin with I don't your brothers it's
not have anything what do you think is
if you could have any mail and if I
didn't get you it you'd be cross war did
bit like a mama maybe you just went to
the one woman we could have had that
here together with Jay as well I had it
with Jay we're in we're in the
restaurant
oh we didn't we just didn't have time
also I do just want to talk about
something quickly in the vlog and you
always know that I like to keep these
vlogs as positive as possible but I just
wanna just a nice little reminder to the
very very very small percentage of you
that do this it's not the majority of
you so please if you're going to be
offended that probably means that it's
not you that I'm talking to
okay if you ever see somebody that you
watch their YouTube videos you love
their music you love their acting
whatever it is please don't sit the
entire time they're in a restaurant just
taking pictures of them there are so
many tables today in Wagga members that
all they did was just take pictures with
flash on of me at one point this one
table like six girls took so many
pictures of me they let you put my hand
up to be like guys please stop and they
were like oh sorry like as if I didn't
notice like the entire meal with Jay was
like I was in like a tropical fish tank
and everyone was just watching us it was
like we can talk about anything about
people listening in video and us
snapchat and us taking pictures and
again it's only the very very small
portion of you so if that is you just
nice gentle reminder that and everyone
is a normal person and we're all equal
and sometimes I like to and other people
like to just go to restaurants
restaurants yes just just a normal thing
to do isn't it I love it
the whole folder on my phone just peak
Wiegand it's 7:00 normal but just like
you know they licked you why those
people cost outside the restaurant just
zooming in um anyways you get what I'm
saying
I'm a normal person guys don't do that
it'd be so right yeah like what's that
gonna be ranked it's just going me
eating a wacom on this roof Jay I'm
gonna having some probably deep chats as
well so I'm probably gonna grumpy as
heck but um anyways you get what I'm
saying oh I love you guys but no
pictures sneaky bitches whilst of me in
please like just come over and say hello
or just wait until I finished and then
when I'm leaving gun saying come and say
hello and we can have a proper picture
let's standing next to each other hug in
rather than just like picture of me in
my wagon Mama's sweet weird Oh
to let me know you were eating it
without me yeah it was just doing it for
me
no you just told them they're actually
your friends you'd sent in just spy no
but honestly there's so many tables
doing it today and even actually I went
for a wee and I opened the door to come
out the boys toilet and there was a girl
I promise you like this Sully this to
the door can I have a picture
Naza oh my gosh I've still got wet hands
from washing them I'll see you there's
fur on anyways you get one saying guys I
love you guys so much so do you know I
kind of want to do tonight
Wow well I kind of need to go go see my
friends to play poker with them I also
want to hang out with you now I'm going
to do that later when you're asleep oh
but but I also want to hang out of you
but I also kind of want to make some
sno-cones Joe to make snow cones with me
yes I'm just doing some work though is
just editing a video the amount of
friends that I've seen today that have
rinsed me for my jump having holes in it
like people everyone is just like oh you
do realize your job how are your jumpers
got holes of that did you fire your jump
on the street it's got holes in it I
know my jumpers got holes in it I know
and no it didn't get a cheap look at
those holes in it I wish that was a
thing imagine if it jumpers and like
jeans and that would fly trips in them
were cheaper because of the rips that'd
be amazing I feel like the last clip was
it the last clip Zoey what were you
telling everyone so he was so sad that I
went to get a white mom move without her
so why is she got oh she's already got
God let me why come on resin she I just
realized how much fluff I've got all
over my vest because I'm wearing a vest
underneath my knitted jumper today it is
time to try and make some snow cones
snow cone DIY this machine looks crazy
like so so corded the other day with
sixty pounds is pretty expensive but the
amount of use so far that we've got up
all of the other DIY things off-camera
like actually hanging out my friends and
family it's incredible like honestly we
have used that blooming candy floss
machine whenever friends of mine come
over at the moment and they've seen my
videos
all they want to do is make candy floss
so I feel like this is going to be going
to be a good purchase we're going to
start like all my other DIY videos put
you guys down open it up and see what we
bloomin got inside because I feel like
this could be the best DIY video yet the
last one was a fail snow cone maker
instructions we never need the
instructions this is DIY do-it-yourself
weed any to learn we do it ourselves
cheerless look at this this machine
looks so sick like it looks so so cool
it's got little handles with like
plastic proper solid plastic cups a big
scoop just scoop your stuff in I guess
I'm going to need to start with some ice
so I'm guessing we get a load of this
vise and put it in and guess when we
turn it on I'm so scared to do this Oh
oh my god
it's baking it it's going there it's so
don't be on my hand let's add some more
this thing is awesome
three two one oh my gosh it does
literally look like snow
there's only as onr eating these tonight
it's vacant so much snow look at this we
need to use the good old scoop and one
of these and make some makes influence
for now this is in credible this is
really really cool you know guys I'm
gonna I'll get an aunt saris favorite
which is this and see if she can tell I
haven't even tried this myself but we're
gonna go wake her up
you're waking up you have to guess the
flavor
it's like proper soft snow isn't it is
lemon no lemonade no I put some extra
snow on the top just to cover up the
color lime yeah blank audio good it's ad
you're good I'll let you carry on
sleeping oh my gosh this is actually
really good can we actually take a
second to talk about how this DIY video
is actually successful and this is
full-on work my god it's getting better
and better
scoop some of the middle in try some of
that with a spoon like the actual middle
bit how good is that I don't know
whether I get boyfriend points for
waking Zoey up with with one of these Oh
or whether I lose boyfriend points for
waking Zoey up with some cold ice I'm
actually being serious
this is delicious so gonna put oh my
gosh I've made like a perfect ball guys
I just figured out what the scoop is
actually for and what
oh I just flipped I stammered top and
white is actually round because if you
press the snow hard enough you get like
a proper round shape but look at that I
want to try some more flavours so the
only drink I can find is this naked
smoothie in our fridge and I've no idea
who's this is this is not mine as long
as you guys don't tell anybody that I'm
about to do this
whoever's it is thank you very much less
them let's give it a go look at the
color that looks in saying look at that
whoa that is so good like I'm alone and
Joakim doesn't act look like
professional and could be actually
bought this from somewhere it looked
like this I've got a big big day
tomorrow
with tons of my family coming over so
I'm definitely gonna be getting these
out mmm I've got so much left to eat by
myself
Johanna kind of walk Kim and them let's
go out for a little late night walk
sniff that lamppost gone girl sniff that
I bet you can't wait to get home nice
and warm wrapped up with mummy on the
sofa Zoey and I are both tucked up in
bed and I'm just jumped back in the car
and I'm gonna head over to go meet all
my friends and go play poker with them
tonight just parked on my car are these
your cards here sax is in Queens and
Alfie has what is AIDS got their racism
every week no yes look at the glass my
office is a 70 we all yesterday
you have sight it's go straight straight
two three four five what's he got
I see so how does it look how I done yay
yeah I think we know hey this is Ali's
pile shredding here stack ollie
show them that's J stack tiny very tiny
stewart stack he's gone home
that's isostatic that's not your focus
it listen grab that some of us and
there's the big voice stack it's my very
last hand of the night and then I'm
about to head home it's 2:00 a.m. in the
morning your plant it was I just I'm not
playing my hands this could be it I've
just gone all-in on vodka against Jay
so you joining me think about it you
know there's a difference between losing
and losing through our fee for TV I've
got five knives I'm 10-year for five
nines guys sure you get two cards each
continent pipelines he's gonna fold it
but I never lie boss this is no you have
to go in doesn't matter I can show you
there's no action artists have a three
that does nothing interesting my other
card no it's because you have to go in
are you putting pain it looks crazy you
playing in if you like a crazy person I
think I might win it still think you you
think I use my psychology it's good I
tell you can account when doing him I
just enjoy the spectacle to do anything
you got sevens I heard you got seventh
and you're gonna come in come in with me
I don't pair sevens you don't step into
my card
t9
at history immunity oh my gosh
come on are you in Donna Donna oh gosh
here your card no you have it so um I
got a guide home everybody
oh god I got over with the money boys no
that's what I'm talking about
let Jesus go quietly I've just parked up
at home but I'm gonna end my vlog here
tonight in the car because the time is
256 I just dropped my friend Ollie back
to his house and if I go into my house
and I start vlogging I'm gonna wake Nala
up I'm gonna wake Zoe up it's just it's
not really fair it is so late if you
watching this video know how to play
poker you do play poker you would have
seen the incredible hands that I won
tonight like absolutely crazy I ended up
winning thirty pounds like just 130
pounds in poker like I never win poker
I'm super happy if you guys enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up if you enjoyed
the snowcone and you liked it actually
worked out it was successful smash the
thumbs up down below if you having a
lovely day you guys know what to do
let's try and hit like 50,000 or
something check out yesterday's vlog if
you're not already and um yeah I'll
catch you tomorrow catch you in the
morning I've got a very very very fun
family day tomorrow with a little baby
involved my cousins my cousin's kids pop
in Sean mum and dad
Zoe it's gonna be in fact even Joe Joe
sugg is even coming along it's gonna be
cool I'll see you tomorrow guys good
night
