good morning guys good morning how you
doing
it's like 8:45 I've got 15 minutes to
get to that actual dentist and get in
the dentist's chair and get my braces
check let's have a quick little weather
check Oh someone can see me standing
here my boxers and there's one of you
guys outside the house when a do it from
hiding around the corner look at the
weather it's actually not too bad you
know considers early it could get quite
nice that could all clear up although it
looks nice over there
I still haven't washed my hair or
stalled it myself or anything you know
when you get your hair cut you get all
like the little bit down your back and
stuff and it gets really itchy when your
t-shirt I'm gonna have that this morning
let's go get some gym clothes on because
I'm going straight from the dentist to
the gym this will honor that's missing
the sleeves do not want to wear that
there we go
how are you doing guys what have you
been up to today is a really exciting
day for two reasons
number one we've got Zoey's new book
comes out today like actual today
yesterday for you today for me the
lobby's book is available in shops
get online on tour so so exciting and if
that isn't exciting enough
we've also so just looking for my my
little bag of dentist bits we've also
got Joe and Casper's new premiere we've
got the actual premiere tonight in
London it's gonna be sick
why do I always do this I have seven
minutes to get to my dentist
oh good
alright let's get going to the gym it is
cold today just finish my gym session
just chucking it down with rain yeah oh
my gosh
Tony crap holy crap I was lit you
training for one hour forgot to film
anything I apologize and I come out in
the weather is absolutely disgusting
it looks like I'm back in bed but I
promise you I'm not
I've just been editing the vlog and
getting almost some emails and stuff
like that I just couldn't be bothered to
go to the office today you guys keep an
asking in the comments about why don't
go to my office as much it's just not as
nice weather anymore when it was sunny
driving to my office skateboarded to my
office boosted board into my office
having a break from work on the beach
and stuff was lovely but I'm gonna be
honest and say it's just not as lovely
anymore like the office is lovely don't
get me wrong I love being there but
going all the way into town in this
freezing weather and everything it just
doesn't like I can Edler when I need to
go to the office basically when I need
to go to the office I go to the office
when I don't need to go to the office
for example editing today's vlog I just
decided to literally edit it in bed on
my laptop and it's now uploading but
I've just seen on YouTube that a new
video by James Corden you know he does
the series if you haven't seen it you
need to go check it out he does a video
series on YouTube food spill your guts
or fill your guts and he sits down with
either one celebrity or a couple of like
sir and I when I say celebrity I mean
like big big big times and you can ask
each other any question you want but you
either have to answer it spill your guts
or feel your guts and eat something
disgusting that the other person and
when I say disgusting I literally mean
like cows tongue or like testicles or
fish I like rank stuff he's only
uploaded a couple of these episodes so
far and Zoey and I love watching them
together and he's just uploaded a new
one last night I have
see the yeah with Kendall Jenner I still
haven't had a shower since get back from
the gym this looks so good
Zoey in Tracy if you're making the
household Christmassy look at this this
looks amazing
it's like full-blown Christmas so I've
got this bracelet that Zoey bought me
this one here it's called a love
bracelet and it basically the idea of it
is that when you put it on you never
ever ever take it off again
Zoey's gotten as well that I bought her
a couple of months ago I just send mine
off to get fixed because it kept on
coming undone so I didn't wear it for 10
days and tons of you in the comments
were like ah what does this mean Zoey
bought you that bracelet you're not
meant to take it off is it all over and
I was it wasn't all over it just meant
my bracelet was getting fixed now to
explain to you guys why I wasn't wearing
it
well the same bloomin thing started
happening again again and these are not
cheap bracelets this is the third time
this week that it's falling off I was
just driving now and also how was that
in my wrist and the bracelet just fell
off whilst I was driving I don't know if
my camera's gonna focus but on this bit
here there's like little screw bits and
you have to actually screw on so that it
never comes off now Zoey's has never
come off once falling off like three
times four times since I got it fixed
all right so just go to town now and it
is raining so bad you know I bought two
like waterproof little jackets the other
day and I said I haven't got any of
these so I'm really glad I bought them
I'm kind of still not used to the fact
that I've got waterproof coats because I
just forget to put it on like this is
the exact time I need to wear one and
now I've got two and I forgot that I've
got them and I didn't bring them out so
today I'm gonna get incredibly wet legit
then that my camera might break it is
raining so much it's Joe and Caspar
spray
here tonight in London Worcester town
I've got half an hour until I need to be
home to get ready I've got a car picking
me up from my house at 4 o'clock to take
me to the premiere with Tracy Zoe in
Joe's mum mark and Shawn and I don't
know what to wear the time is currently
quarter to 3:00 I've got our 15 minutes
to find a nice shirt or a jacket or
something get home have a shower get
ready and get in the car oh and eat as
well bloomin ACK grab it thank you so
much thank you just grabbed a few bits
from Rhys which look really really good
I grabbed two different options because
I asked about the return policy and if I
don't wear it I can return it for a full
refund within 14 days so I'm going to
let like Zoe and her mum help me decide
I think just popping in to AllSaints to
see if they know anything if I hadn't
been working over the last couple of
months I don't think I would be able to
run like I just ran two bags from Rhys
one bag from All Saints and some lunch
last dinner one hour and two minutes
exactly until the cars picking me up to
go to London I need to get home and have
a shower and everything so the jacket I
bought to wear tonight everybody is
telling me to wear a black t-shirt with
it and I just bought a white t-shirt to
go with it and I don't own a plain black
t-shirt I don't I don't even have time
to be thinking about this I've got
exactly 30 minutes like exactly it's hot
boss three into the car picks me up
ended up scrapping the jacket just going
for a shot which is nice new shirt and
stuff and the great Sun protrusion
that's your hairspray yeah yeah that's
good that it's really good all right
show them what you're wearing and well
you guys can't see but this is like
velvet over those last names it's really
nice like a fish in a bird on here I
like yeah it's like Harry's tattoo oh
really yeah hahaha short show the up
outfit of the day Oh Oh TV c√¥te d com2
Ghassan it's on I love it on earlier on
but I would like to know what street
where I'm all about the trainers so I'm
happy about that
well this nice jacket from the top man
actually mm mm a little bit and then
plain white t-shirt underneath obviously
into new jeans
hey Lou Jean not denim we're going out
now you and your favorite spot by the
radiator nice and warm
see you later
I know I missed it there's a massive
girl online on tour poster for the
misstep we're on the way to the premiere
watching the live stream off the
premiere my phone these I see the blue
carpet is just started 23 minutes ago we
just been watching the live stream of
Jim doing his thing Jim's like
presenting at the moment some
cheerleaders dancing I'm excited I'm
nervous I really these guys have not
been to a premiere before Shawn's also
about to wet himself he went for three
weeks before we left and he already
needs another one
I've got hefty Matar you go mate Bobby J
we go live mine Travie nearly filled up
straight ha ha ha Phil oh you guys can
barely Sikhs it's so dark in this come
on we are there we go Mart's got rid of
the light we are a couple of minutes
away super super exciting the car is in
fact gonna drive on to the carpets a
blue carpet tonight Oh cause it got
light as right yeah I should just buy
you guys this is like the best lighting
I've ever had this is amazing yeah so so
excited to meet you a couple of minutes
away and we've been watching it even
more is so busy tons me for there here
we go
let's just down oh my gosh look at the
size of the police van they're all
tearing it they can't see who you are
why do
I'd be like super rush apparently
there's only ten minutes Joanne is going
inside so I already managed to block my
you guys good
are you enjoying that on a good time can
you guys guess you on with your coat
I see freezing how's it going good I'm
sure you're loving your out there I
expect nothing left turn and I before we
go in she's down in the shop I'm going
to come in and get ice cream this is
what we need fish food ice cream guys
need to be better than here lovely
looking at me guys lovely this one here
okay bear dislike for professional it
was a bunch of same bunches last time I
say like be reunited with your old
family again everyday was a fellow by
the Casper jokes ended family it was yet
lovely time no just five challenges as a
full pity and Volusia and yeah look I
mean you can be more than one word cuts
for Chanukah pride you're a lot more
responsible this year over your yeah I
might give too much away we'll see what
happens they just say that the boys
I've just snuck out for a wee it is so
sick so I like so so hilarious I the
first one was really really good this
one so much better like smashed it look
at this as well on the wall how cool the
lay I'm going to get back in there he is
various funny thing you did you know you
did it
there's almost no joke boy I literally
didn't notice so Louise is here she's
quite a little handbag even her suitcase
up there just in storage how's it going
tell everyone what drink you've ordered
luckily we were one of the first people
here with my side of the bar
this makes a basket busy but anybody can
hear me
Natalia Louise's bit marks as I drop
them
did you get at I need to be busy and
always run I believe you give us an
opportunity to like learn I feel like we
made step from last one and if we can
keep out these opportunities who knows
where we'll be one day so yeah thank you
guys so much and now I know the drunk
one
I'm thirsty
I'm on this blog Vox subscribe oh yeah
scam like this amazing the fact that we
will remain get is not venturing we're
but something weird maybe is not measure
just leave it now back to my turn
waiting outside
oh now jumping in the car and you get
this car
didn't show you guys only has the kilos
so thank you so much Jen we're home of
des such a long evening and I just want
to take a moment to apologize to you
honestly I am so sorry for not filming
much tonight when you get onto a red
carpet you think that you're going to
take instagrams you're going to vlog
you're going to snapchat you're going to
Instagram video you're going to tweet
you're going to see your friends you're
going to hang out you literally get out
of the car take as many pictures and
meet as many people as you possibly can
and then scoot you come over and like
film starting you need to get inside you
need to get so I'm not like I haven't
everybody at one point I honestly and
I'm not even joking when we came over to
me who worked the cinema you off yeah my
see in the morning night night by a
woman came over to me who worked to the
cinema and she was at alfea you need to
go inside the film start now I was like
I just got out of the car I've met like
10 people so far I'm not and she said
what you mean you have to go in as I'm
really sorry but I'm gonna ignore your
request and I'm going to carry on
meeting loads of people watch my videos
and I carried on me in tons of you guys
for like another 10 15 minutes and then
the actual security came over know like
man you need to go inside the film start
the film starting so then I way inside
and I did just about have enough time to
chat to Jim who was presenting the whole
thing it was amazing I met so many of
you had so many pictures I hope
everybody there enjoyed it as lovely
meeting you all if I didn't get to meet
you I'm so sorry as you saw it was super
rushed you are see later bro
it's currently the next morning I
completely forgot my vlog last night but
I've just remembered so the first thing
I'm doing today is ending this vlog I
know it's a little bit different than my
usual daily vlogs and most of it was
around going to this premiere last night
but it was such an exciting and special
moment for two of my friends so I'm
super glad I went and I got to
experience that with them and watch it
and enjoy it and see my other friends as
well and it's such a good time is really
get my hair looks like an actual afro
like it's literally ugh if you enjoyed
the vlog if you're feeling good give the
video a thumbs up smash it down below I
will catch you tomorrow with a brand new
video which is today for me and it's
looking like a blooming lovely day the
sky is completely blue get my guys don't
tell Zoe but I haven't actually read her
second book I only read the first one
really loved it but I just have don't
kow sorry
