good morning guys good morning and
you're doing oh you were having a lovely
day I've got six minutes to get to the
hairdresser's and get my haircut and I
didn't even have time to put on a belt
this morning or anything I haven't even
got a coat it's freezing why didn't I
get one of my new jackets about
yesterday
that's such a busy morning guys went
straight to the gym had a word I'm going
to be honest I was 20 minutes late to
the gym this morning and I seemed that
meant that I was going to get like a
fairly easy gym session because it's
going to be 20 minutes shorter than
usual Fleming ak I got absolutely
destroyed literally the circuits we did
today ridiculous
20 min 20 minutes non-stop going to
finally go and get my mop dropped then I
won't have to wear a hat every single
day and I'll say this a lot my vlogs if
you haven't been to Brighton you need to
come and visit Brighton is beautiful
seaside city and just lovely people it's
got such like a community vibe back in
the car my hair is all cut although you
can't see it in this light in which is
annoying it's all like shortened it's
cut just believe me okay you'll see it
in the vlog I just popped into a shop
called infinity foods and grabbed two
raw vegan chia seed protein bars look at
that
look up blooming healthy that looks that
is amazing apparently this is war
coconut water but it's like pink so no
not the difference between raw coconut
water is a normal coconut water whoa
that's really good there is a little
hint of like rawness going on there like
a little bit rooty tonight for me
yesterday for you my advent calendars my
chocolate pointlessblog advent calendars
and going on sale I don't know if
there's going to be any left but if you
want wine guys they look like this if
you want one link is down below they
could have already sold out by now
there's not many of them blem enact this
is so exciting
like this song is literally so good are
you ready
some of you guys hate it when I'm I'm
two songs in my videos but I'm really
sorry I'm not gonna stop that I do love
to sing in the car whilst I was out a
pass or a package has arrived and
apparently is for me normally when
packages arrive in this house that look
as fancy as that always for Zoe I'm
gonna put you guys down there I think I
know what's in here because I've seen
some stuff on Twitter and it does say on
here hashtag get online going solo out
the 17th of November that is today the
day you're watching this Zoe's new book
get online going solo actually is out
right in the shops it's available today
you're watching this right now no I
might need some scissors
oh no no Doon Doon Alfie I love you read
this one yeah Zoe Zoe actually Zuri did
you write this yourself did you write
this yourself yeah where'd you write
this did you put this all together no I
wrote the note thing says Alfie I love
you read this one yet so don't tell Zoe
but I haven't actually read our second
book I only read the first one really
loved it but I just have don't tell Zoe
don't tell Zoe guys haven't read the
second yet this is the third one look at
that fancy packaging got some flour this
just looks sick I'll feel like it's even
on site visit no way
so Zoe has had some of the books
customized to say people's names
so it says Alfie online rather than girl
online that's so sick a little bit about
you in the back want to read it Alfie
deyes the main man in my life my rock my
world and my biggest fan
I love you know you get your book Oh get
them today this specific one is not out
today yeah imagine if in the shops you
could get ones like you know that will
again know when you go to Mike I don't
know
how can you get like key rings with your
names on it yeah you can choose it's out
today Alfie will leave a link in the top
line of the description box for you to
go and order it if I remember remind me
I don't do that this can be your
thumbnail how about your boobs today
thank you so jumpy
I was talking to Sean yesterday when we
were shopping you like the price on how
much were they 79 pounds but omean a
crash-up very nice oz it you like my
sword like a bit saying I want some Doc
Martens oh really
baby I don't Martin said that you know
we need to go guys we need to go off to
the cinema it's the evening literally at
a busy old day we've also got both the
doggies here I don't know if I haven't
shown you that have a baby filmed
anything today fuzzy boy come up here
come say hello to everyone
don't let me show you load the car come
on say hello
come and say hello come and say oh okay
okay okay mister where's niala she's
probably asleep over there let's go up
to the cinema
just realised I can wear my new coat
sorry come and let me see if you like
this effective fits really Burnett
bowties benefit only never tell me if
you like it or not
oh that's cold I like that yeah yeah
it scores enough yeah is that a little
is that reflective a bit round the
middle no oh you know when you get your
hair cut I'm gonna t-shirts will it G
well you haven't got time to change it
cuz we need to leave like now no you can
are you joking no oh we've just left
let's see what the dogs are doing oh no
they've spotted me house is looking at
me
good to sleep doggies not a minute ago
so I haven't actually told you guys what
we're off to see or what is going on
so Zoe sorted out for us to go and see a
monster cause you know the other day we
went to the cinema to go it's a book in
her buffler I did not know that
the other day we went ah yes Holly the
other day we went to go and see Gale on
the train I think that's right and we
had like our own private Zoo knowledge
remember well this time going partisan
or yeah we're going to see I overheard a
good friend
yeah and all you just saw me yesterday
long hair today we're gonna go see a
monster calls which looks sick I've only
seen the trailer like yesterday it's
really good
everyone's going in on the picker mix
what he gon pour all the fizzy ones oh
my gosh
what have you gone for everything I want
to say why not few fizzy ones and chalky
raises Oh chocolate raisins are the best
yeah
do they not have any of the cherries oh
these are the best fizzy cherries what
is that lemon air you're never gonna eat
all of that
what have you gone for move you gone for
the quinoa the spinach this is the best
this rely upon four guys Sean went for
one of everything and he's also got
megamix
Lancia no speaking oh wait I can't speak
because we've got it to ourselves I
would review the film now for you but
there's too much to talk about
let's talk when we get home I want to
see what buzz does mum's hiding in there
la Dougie's first where's your money
where's your mummy where's your mummy
it's time it northern is it is time for
my fully comprehensive detailed review
of the movie
same night from the trailer also I've
just realized I realized once I was in
there that it's not actually out yet I
don't know when it comes out I will try
and find out for you and put it on the
screen here when it comes out bring
loads of tissues definitely I didn't
have any tissues I cried more in that
movie than I've ever cried in any film
before ever in my whole life
now I know Mahalo when I was a young
girl in school so I used to cry all the
time from the trailer I thought it was a
movie about and I don't want to give
anything away I thought it's moving
about kid who draws monster and the
monster light comes to life and light
scares away the bullies it's definitely
not like it was like a kid's fantasy
right yeah I though it was a really cute
kids film where the kid's imagination
comes to life and I helps him out
that's not one people can take the rules
of a trailer so sad like so sad what did
you think I thought it's brilliant they
go sure honestly but it was really
really good really really well done
actually amazing yeah the animation a
tumor I mean deliberative boy was insect
Oh like the boy who plays the main
character was incredible that's so good
yeah I can imagine him play like Jack
and the Beanstalk yeah some other what
caused this avoid a tree item I know I
didn't know just because he was just me
his hair his haircut was so bad it was
so cute have you like yeah that's really
sad do it it was just like yeah but it
was all that mismatched fringe wasn't
that yeah like they're not on the boy
literally was actually like that but
that's kind of embarrassing color
doesn't it look like that Bobby what did
you think
 these and you don't speak you steal
that sad did you cry a lot also I've
told you there's so many times that we
are obsessed with the missing like so
obsessed with the program√≠s if you're
not already watching narrative you need
to watch it last week's episode a I was
in Lisbon so I only watched it last
night it was so intense
the end of last week's episode that my
mind was blown and I just stayed up last
night's like an extra half an hour just
trying to think why and what is going on
in in the program I'm at the point in
the series now I just have no idea
what's going to happen anything
yeah do you have any like theories yeah
I don't want to give anything away in
here but you have a theory
yeah do you have a theory what you think
that was he was no better not yes pecan
there's a pecan pie he did it on him I
know he's involved
he knows we've got it paused at the
moment I'm blogging and everyone's
waiting is everyone waiting for me to
stop wrong answer we can stop playing it
yeah okay yeah we're gonna watch your
notes after the missing we ordered from
bells and it looks so good we got so
much food yeah well halfway through I
still have no idea what the outcome is
gonna be
eagle yeah thank you
just got into bed put my braces in I've
got the dentist at 9 a.m. tomorrow
morning so I've got to make sure that my
my teeth all clean and all fresh perfect
for the dentist and then I've also got
the gym at 9:30 I cannot wait to have a
shower and I style my hair and
everything let me know what you think of
the haircut in the comments it's just a
lot shorter just like normal by the time
you're watching this I'm about to go on
the red carpet for hit the road us a
which is super super exciting I've no
time they're watching this what's
happening yeah Zoey's book is officially
out you literally it's so tiny compared
to me
Zoe's book is officially out we're both
just about to watch one dollar as well
we're about to watch an ef-2 it's the
second one the first one was
unbelievable and loved programs like
this and David Attenborough give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
how many thumbs up so they get what's
their challenge 40,000 40,000 40,000
thumbs up guys equally how fun I can't
speaks my braces 40,000 thumbs up and
that's so hard to say braces and
subscribe if you're not already I see in
the morning
I don't really know how to say this
guy's but we officially have a pointless
blog and
Nalla chocolate advent calendar like a
blooming chocolate open calendar for
sale right now
