I don't really know how to say this
guy's but we officially have a
pointlessblog Anala chocolate advent
calendar like a blooming chocolate open
calendar for sale right now kimmm shriek
up yeah let's go downstairs good morning
guys good morning good morning
spare some hellooo me down on the table
the girls are in the other room in the
kitchen cooking up tons of delicious
food and apparently I let them that new
today from know me and time when you're
making what if you you add the stones
like the pit things into that it won't
go Brown apparently then it then answer
is this looks good you know yeah this is
really good this is an entering potato
rosti but we kind of really don't many
onion what's this this is sticking a
tiny bit scrambled egg this looks
amazing
good morning guys good morning how you
doing today is the very first day of the
next day of your life it is the first
day of today I don't know what I'm
talking about basically guys I'm heading
into town now just popped up my car
going to meet Sean go into a little bit
of shopping don't really know what else
just chillin hanging out everyone else
has gone home to go carry on doing work
and stuff so he's working at home it was
a lovely day this morning not anymore
literally a grey sky came straight into
town hit up a meeting and finish now and
everything everything's looking all good
lots of exciting stuff commenters
chatting about some merch stuff coming
up soon as you guys have seen in the
logs some Christmas party stuff that's
coming up fairly soon because it's
nearly Christmas
he was Sean hey what's up been to one
shop just got a new pair shoes and a
coat I did need a new coat I got a new
coat too much
but the shoes these are out there I
didn't need don't tell them that they're
out that we're both going to join
Casper's hit the road USA premiere on
Thursday which is the day after you're
watching this and I don't have a clue
what to wear I don't get hey dude of
course yes sir and I don't know what to
wear
I'm in the same Dickerman but you just
bought a new shirt
how casual you sure know did you buy a
jacket or something I said I bought a
jacket I know how casual you can take it
I'm thinking I'm going tracks no but I
am thinking hoodie come and fill this
t-shirt and that is the softest t-shirt
I've ever touched in my life
what brownies I put it on pause whistles
away yeah guys that is insane like I
want to buy it just to wear like wash on
the sofa
just got another jacket not like a coat
but like a rain jacket that was super
nice just coming into Levi's trying to
pair black jeans what ways you say 21 we
won't even get 21
these are 29 what's that TV show
remember when you like to see as like
one of the stars or what all the stars
nice size you know order okay what's the
mean one that hold where it's like watch
this a year later and easy aim to be
high getting a lot coming out six-pack
okay yeah sorry
what do you think name guys is he gonna
have abs as he's chained as he turned
his life around to see a new man you
quite slim
are they that's what you wanted think
I'm being waiting my door
yeah dude 29 skin want beauties up but
29 is skinny waist people who is a 29 30
it means you fit on white boy immediate
that's my work it out that's that's so
funny they are pretty skinny and it's
you've got to look hilarious
so there are 31 inch okay we'll try this
pair next that you couldn't even get out
over his bum oh my god come on
it's been a year what's happened you got
that one
this is an 8 mm ask for maybe thirty two
eyes exactly why I think they T need
room to breathe and tonight Alfie Oasis
3 inches bigger than I thought it's been
a year and you've gone up three sizes no
luck with the jeans guys I found out
that I'm 3 inches bigger with my waist
than what I thought I thought I was 29
apparently I'm 31 so I'm in here to look
for some video ideas but I've ended up
in the cleaning section this is what
I've got basically
popcorn maker ice cream maker yogurt
maker oh my gosh think about with the
DIY videos really similar to that what
we'll make is the one snow cone maker
okay that's how you bloom in Joker me a
snow cone maker puppies that there is
we've only gone and women bought a snow
cone maker they're not allowed to see
what's in their secrets for videos oh
hello
why oh I'm not allowed to film poppy oh
I'm really wearing that I'm joking what
we found present no it's not your
present so I just bought this now if you
don't know what it is so many people
have done these before or use these in
videos it's been they've been on the New
York Times CBS News The Huffington Post
it is a cup that you cannot knock over
aborted to see whether we can knock it
over on up because apparently you cannot
knock it over I've seen other people do
videos on this before if you put it
there yeah that's so crazy
look it's great isn't it but right hit
it now just pick it up normally that's
insane isn't that crazy
doesn't come off and yet you can pick it
back up
like a hot thing back it's so crazy
isn't it yeah you can just go like this
I hit that really hard and now just pick
up it was so strange when you just pick
it up okay
try and get it when it's not looking so
just when it when the thing let's say
even when it's unsuspecting when you're
sitting a chilled and you suddenly get
it that's what I mean what about this
one Oh kicked it I didn't even par oh I
thought this was going to be some
trickery
it's not what you think it is that one
of those things that stick to a window
you just put it down and it doesn't come
off and then you can pick it up they
need to put them on shoes for children
walk up a wall or no doesn't function no
but no shoes for children or a bit nice
when Michael Jackson had in his shoes
because you know when you can just go
like that and just lean forward yeah you
know he does that thing where liens or
just boxers but you won't fall they can
get hit enough all over I'm off going
home
hello hahahaha she's going no don't go
back from Bobbi insurance now we didn't
even do anything there something try and
bloom and hit the cop over that was it
Zoey's upsets filming still coming so
long today I want to show you guys some
of this stuff I bought today just nice
thing for little plain black vans
raincoat I like that then I got another
coat but like a proper thicker one which
is saucy like this just super simple you
guys will see I'll be wearing it soon
are you ready I kind of want to film
your reaction
Oh blow me there look at them have you
ever seen one of these before
oh so yes I feel like it's a flask it is
a flask I'm still floss try and knock it
over just like just push it what's the
fine hey guys look over Bart now pick it
up and then no put it down
no he jumped in wedge it down just put
it down can talk it over and you can
pick it up for him to get this myth had
a lot of bad experience some he's
knocking up your flasks it's good isn't
it hey Robinette Hey you love it I know
you do on this pointless that's me is
not quite so holidays are coming hello
Daisy hi guys I'm going to show you
pick it up pick it up when I touch it is
it going to like shine no get something
it doesn't shock you that it doesn't
shock you going let just pick it up go
and pick it up I don't know my gosh pick
it up blurt look pick it up
they got my blast sure it's not a static
shock oh my gosh is a real flask look
yeah that's what they all say Molly you
pick it up pick up my flash oh shut up
you're doing it a second ago go on just
do it I don't want to get shot okay
just poke it over knock it over to
Poquette I'll give you a fiver if you
poke it in it falls over go on just do
it just try tell me I'll get shot I
promise you won't get shot just ran your
eye poke it and it won't fall over
just gently give it a little poke go and
pick it out that's it nothing it down
now poke it isn't that good it's a flash
that doesn't fall over ah so we finish
it in dinner and what's morally play the
whisper challenge I think I'll fight the
Patrol is Zoey's turn okay will you lick
my tongue will you lick my chode well
you look my leg my no you lick my will
you lick myself my oh god shoot
no Zoey ciao ciao ciao
Tom time
yeah no you're not a dog buddy our hole
is it all is in a world of our own
I got a sore knee I've been to okay I
got a sore knee I saw me okay so you've
got a sore knee you okay I've got your
key
you touched my knee uh-huh you got a
sore knee yeah father shock that he
never saw me Alfie deyes has got a giant
head there's the lawyer Center time ever
like throw her out of his feet my gosh I
am Alfie deyes have sex that that's lit
right onto this whole shop oh yeah okay
well is it bother you let you just said
that Alfie deyes dope shall we dine did
you lose I have sex it look like talking
Alfie deyes has a giant head honest as I
have sex Charlie has mine Alfie deyes
Alfie deyes Alfie says honest who are
you male fee Alfie deyes Alfie text this
is Alfie Dave Dave Dave mm-hmm I jest
day a vs o me days alphas henge
haha what is your you saying my god he
will say the unfit then you might get it
we'll say the end bet I'm never gonna
get it yes you are Alfie's head Hal fees
and half-and-half Can Has house yes I
hope you ted has nope alfie deyes
has has something has I join in join
head out there to join head I'll see
what has a giant in everyday Joe's
Johnny last night what's your favorite
flapjack what's my favorite flapjack
don't think we play the game anymore
come on you might imagine I'm you got it
first time yeah yeah do you know what
video famous have you ever tried octopus
penis have you ever tried ox sneak on
hot spa rock samples oh because it's
done pull hawks and pause yeah oh
tactless Oh whores and hmm
oh wait Oh
whores and octopus penis pussies he was
a person Beth oh oh oh oh yes
Oreos octopus peanuts ox octupole
tippers
penis yeah so Holly's gone home now
and as always gone up to bed just
letting all her up for a week
what good timing was that what great
time now let's you turn to come around
she runs in I have got something crazy
exciting to share with you and a lot of
you from this video are going to be
waiting for this moment
is it in here nope not in here but my
hat is if you remember a while back I
had a Christmas photo shoot and you guys
have been trying to work out why I had
it but absolutely ages well I can
finally tell you let them finally show
you it's so ridiculous I don't even I
don't even know how to tell you like I
wanted to do it as a joke and it's so
funny but I really I don't want you to
let me just put you down if you're
watching this I don't want you to think
I'm being serious when you see what
you're about to see please know that
it's a joke it's a bit of fun
and that I went over the top on purpose
because I thought it would be even more
fun so it's gotten up to Christmas not I
thought you should be involved in this
that as you are it's your fault as well
as mine it's coming up to Christmas
isn't it
so what did we think we would release do
I tell everyone you want to show
everyone look we officially have and I'm
saying we because this is for you and me
I'm going to be using this myself a
pointlessblog APB merge chocolate advent
calendar like an actual chocolate behind
the doors there is chocolate behind this
advent calendar they are for sale right
now there is a super limited number of
these like there's not many of these
available link is down below if you want
one it's a bit of fun I've had so much
fun making these you guys have seen the
photo shoot I've been like taste testing
the chocolate oh I feel like a vlog dare
do you remember when some chocolate
calendars turned up at the house and I
ate two chocolate calendars worth of
chocolate while I was trying all
different like styles and quantities and
everything of CHOP nur
and I like picking their designs and
pick it everything about it basically
I've been testing out all different
droplets for awhile I picked all
delicious chocolates for you don't you
worry and this is it this is the picture
I went so over the top it's so
ridiculous
I'll let you dressed up a sumter and
Nala is dressed up if you can see that
as a blooming reindeer and look at the
back there's some more exclusive
pictures on the back so me and Nala
looking at look at keeps years and
another one down there with me giving
her a present and then a little message
say merry Christmas from pointlessblog
if you're yet to get a chocolate advent
calendar and you celebrate Christmas
then this is the one for you the PB
merge points blog and Nala chocolate
advent calendar now I can safely say the
chocolate is blooming delicious because
as I said I've been trying it out for a
while it is so look at her she is so
bloomin cute this is insane and then the
massive picture on the front look at it
even at the fire presence we went to
town even one of those like little kids
toy cart things an actual Christmas tree
like Gina how much work it was the
hiring people to come and decorate this
room this hotel room to look Christmassy
when it wasn't even near to Christmas
time look little peep even the detail of
little PB up on here anyways it's time
to go to bed if you want one of these as
I said guys there is a super limited
number of these available link is down
below go grab one go tell your friends
go bug your parents your aunties your
uncle's your brothers your sisters to
get you one for Christmas but they're
going to go they're gonna go so quick
I'm all tucked up in bed thank you so
much for a lovely day guys thank you for
all of the support on the vlog that went
up tonight which was yesterday for you
the views the thumbs are literally like
the amount of thumbs up that that video
has the comments the support has been
unbelievable social
honesty say thank you so much it means
so much remember reading your comments
tonight and they've been amazing and I'm
glad you liked it because it was like a
twenty eight minute video or something
if you've enjoyed this video
your challenge today we're gonna go high
again we're going to go the same we're
gonna go 50,000
thumbs up smash it down below go check
out the adventure
a new view on a and I will I'll catch
you tomorrow tomorrow morning got a busy
day tomorrow wait
your mum's coming over Mark's coming
over got the dentist got the gym Holly's
come in we're going to the cinema we got
a lot of stuff going on tomorrow I'll
see you then good night guys
