hey guys it is Monday morning it's 7:30
and I'm off to the gym no excuses guys
get your butt out of bed get to the gym
now that was a savage gym session oh my
gosh I filmed it all I filmed it all on
my new little GoPro that I bought at the
airport so let me know what you thought
of in the comments
just thought I'd switch it up get more
of the Jimmy and be able to see more of
what I'm doing man nakid I forgot to
bring a protein shake for me today so
I've got a Trek original oat protein
flapjack he's amazing
let's head home oh my gosh it's so early
I'm not used to finishing my workout at
9 o'clock so he's in the shower and she
can hear look at this little one look at
her you're the cutest little dog I'm
loving so much editing yesterday's blog
at just that I've got this little one
here with me helping me edit aren't you
Tom's currently driving us to town get
some sushi we'd like to talk to you
we've got very stringent okay just stick
amongst yourself or announce just to
each other don't like placed like
suddenly just pointed out 9th Street
turn and I got towed off I'm not a toy
there's a big bang they're coming at our
dad slow down to be distract me I was
like I don't you change how you look at
things no that's not how I usually do
this when I Drive my tone is not new to
driving but yeah
yeah I'm just no confident driver and I
haven't driven thinking I didn't drive
we had a white car and driving ever
no I car yeah I love and then you want
take a left here I love that you are a
competent driver do I look good right no
but you're confident but you're just not
like me I think you should I get all the
way up this road this is a hill you're
much better than when we last one oh
yeah I definitely I'd be proud myself
and I feel like I'm really independent
and cool I Drive you the fact that you
are like choosing to drive as well when
I could have driven yeah that shows it
was an accident but I tell you I get
really afraid of this why I won't ever
get in the car by myself is I get what
hope there will be one date not at the
moment
because I'm really afraid of other
people having so I'm trying to yell stop
and I get afraid of other people having
road rage I'm really afraid of it yeah
oh oh
straight ahead go ahead or you also get
afraid if help people don't thank you
for when you let them go that was really
I feel they probably don't take a left
here and we're here you good at parking
yeah really good you wanna film it you
want good content today I'm Erin Norwich
and we went to the supermarket and the
whole car part was free but you couldn't
park in with faces you just know that
was the old ton this is that was the
white car joy if we enjoyed the white
collar every we hope to great yeah let
me go away to the end the sex store
McRae won all the ways yet there may be
there might be some good spaces at the
back maybe here there's two here next to
each other like nice
no no if you drive this random Russian -
next - yeah there's three next to each
other you cannot miss it I just have all
of them done yes dog yeah you're in this
line now this is just rip straight drip
straight in
Jim straight in oh my god I'm so good
can they see yes God can you tell them
how many times have to eat your boss
nice job I don't that time what happened
any takers we are taking the door off
okay
on the third time what happened I don't
remember dear when they should take a
right on the roundabout you went round
it round the right oh yeah
roundabout the wrong way on a desk
here's a courgette Tom they're different
in Brighton it's a different City
we're back home those guys are filming a
secret video and they're so hard times
just I speaking to - our vlog in what do
you say place the housing allows me I'm
good how are things with you guys yeah
maybe really good it's pretty good
yeah well making food what's the
opportunity you're making tuna how'd you
make chena hmm have you got a tuna farm
if I fish it if she pregnancy haha
what's he doing in my house Jim amid oh
hello hello
ah hello come in little sausage cut me a
sausage I don't know what everyone else
has gone the house seems to be
incredibly busy there was just clutter
everywhere and I'm currently standing in
the middle of both the dogs having their
dinner Martha's haven't has their
knowledge haven't as there and I'm just
keeping an eye so that one of them
doesn't run into the other want to start
stealing their food probably nada that's
definitely sounds like Nala
the others are all upstairs filming like
a milli
collapse that there will film in so many
videos for Christmas like such I want to
tell you what they're doing because it's
so so exciting but I don't wanna spoil
their videos so I'm not going to tell
you just be prepared for tons of
Christmassy festive Martha's finishes
no no no no no stealing no in today's
blog I wanted to make some of these you
don't know what this is this is
basically a mold to make shot glasses
and I was going to just fill it with
flavored drinks so for example lime
cordial orange juice squash water milk
and just see what some different shot
glasses would taste and look like I just
told Zoe about my dear and she said ah
are you gonna fill them with cookies and
then make cookie shot glasses you pour
milk in it well I wasn't gonna but that
sounds bloomin amazing so I kind of want
to do that but I don't know if I don't
even if you need the ingredients or can
I just like crush up Oreos maybe I could
just get all of these festive Oreos up
here like birthday cake Oreos crush them
up put it in here wish it all together
no stick it the freezer and make some
Oreo shot glasses if I were you because
the whole point is that liquid freezes
yeah it's really a solid in there so if
you crumble this then add a bit of milk
kind of it a mil so then and then I
stick it in here we gonna have that milk
to it yeah okay all right well I've got
cookies yeah definitely got enough
cookies and we've got a lot of milk he's
going for it and he was not like over
this it'll go Tommy where there Zoe's
cookies we have an austere yeah I'm Jake
oh that's right in VN I presume
the whole point of doing it in the back
of it so that it doesn't open yeah well
you got one elbow on the marble and then
you open the packet
if you neutral and then turn to powder
right so you have a nutribullet down
here then we have the milk fat milk
apple mango do we need to add the milk
and every at the same time
nutribullet Tom I don't know I know me
didn't put this recipe in a book oh
definitely
or Todd why didn't on already definitely
not vegan now or as vegan Syria yeah why
not what you make an attribute of almond
milk then to the gnome you can actually
eat them yeah
hey corny looks like this can't get that
shake get that oh yeah that looks good
we give it a try you know what doing a
bit colder that tastes so good that's
good but it could do a minute coldest
let's freeze it mmm pause well oh oh
they've been edible that's amazing
because as long as it goes over the top
of the little thing so what that's
perfectly that is that yeah oh my gosh
that's gonna be so good this was the
best idea
I mean I'm gonna reserve judgment oh man
but poor eggs that is quite satisfied to
pour it in go on have a go oh you put
the pressure on now you've done it
really well thanks the first time
pouring Oreos we've made poor iou's here
pouring Oreos that's what I've called
them oh my gosh that is amazing looks
really good out I'm very happy with us
okay these look amazing like don't even
like you know they do I do no I'm not
joking they look real right when you try
and create some runs
hopefully I'll freezers tall enough
sorry I'm sorry about our bread but it's
gonna have to go Oreos come first whilst
the cookies are freezing
hopefully freezing anyway Jim and I are
gonna film a video for Jim's channel
yeah then when it's gonna be up I'll let
you guys know in another vlog when it's
going up but we fail you soon yeah yeah
I'm really busy alone then I go away so
I need to film videos
I'll be coming away just finish Filmore
Jim it went super super well although no
actually I'm not going to tell you cuz
you can have to wait see the video
oh you know it's gonna say thunder I was
gonna have to let you go up to wait no
Me's just cooking up cooking up a storm
in the kitchen oh it's not mixed herbs
oh yeah that's perfect
thanks a dear and Zoe let come and smell
this you have to guess what this is
smelly
oh no smell it oh my god that smells
amazing
what is that he's not telling us it's a
surprise
it's like brownie butter chocolate brown
you left her wait and see what do you
mean you'll have to wait and see where
did you make this where'd you make it
what for don't ya have a look no that's
not ready
Zoe I know you've ordered pizzas for
dinner
me and Tom I have been stir-fry that we
bought earlier on Waitrose I'm gonna go
out and go Pete the pizza for everybody
and I'm gonna get you a toothbrush
you're gonna make me stuff right because
I'm getting your toothbrush you have to
rub on my camera are you making chef I
you take over my vlog yeah so anything
from now until I get back
Tom's taking over already
this is your day first of all I'm gonna
give you a tour of my okay any bats in
the cave now I never have bogies doing
so I'm now going to make um survive me
and Alfie where should I put the pawns
okay we are using all you can hold my
hand out I don't used to this thick and
we are using the organic Duchy you guys
laughing her old filters um prawns we've
got two packs of those just get out
you're back in the fridge I'll feel back
soon don't worry
do not fear back with my toothbrush look
and yes any stuff got a cool outfit we
should go flap we're going to do the
background about like oh that's nice I
just really like oh no no oh my Alfie
you can I'll take have fun Eddie - yeah
that's I was thinking I'm just normal or
gluten-free gluten-free please okay I'm
just going to put some oil in the pan
I'd love for you to either you set this
up on a tripod like on them we're trying
to set you up on top of the pepper so
what we need to do is get some oil and
we're just going to pop the oil nice it
should be just need like a tablespoon of
oil I feel tense when you guys have been
quiet okay what's going on okay and then
you're going to get crisp rainbow
stir-fry
this one we just got an extra pack my
actual favorite one to use is this one
which is the sweet baby vegetables
there's no hurt no but I just make each
and every signified in say my mouth
Brady get your other vegetables in
summertime in the what do you think is a
good one
like that yeah that'd be good
there's always beautiful white coastal
Brown it depends what mood you're in
sometimes I like a white place sometimes
are like a brown basil and baby baby
no that's awfully long okay ketchup or
brown sauce we hate that one um Brussels
mins oh I've got a good persons or a
detective to catch up l or so line out
and then smartphone onto your head okay
can I get to situation cuddles
mother play monsoon we're wilting almost
okay let's get the galleys man
okay so Bron I've got a question
yeah is that this is quite a big one is
there anything you would have done
differently with your life on YouTube oh
my god you'll see the camera gets away
from me oh my god the line but you to my
country say not to worry so much about
what people think about my video you
just kind of you want one you want
I literally just had to wet my whole
face and what would I do all this is all
wet now from Grande you know for more
sesame getter so having a you're going
to sink yeah again welcome
what are you differently my life on you
should my life on YouTube in the years
you've done it what is it like seven
years yeah I can say be myself more on
camera I think I've actually been myself
for where long I've just grown up yeah
so watch my old videos I might all call
them so high-pitched and squeaky
yeah then we think about it think how
long ago they look younger I was so much
younger and so kind of naive and had it
like lessons about life they have
another funny things when people go oh
you've changed I'm like course I can if
I'm taking ages twenty minutes and I was
like an unconfident nineteen year old
with our side it's like happened to
change yes I think um I think I wouldn't
change anything I think I'm really
I always become most myself now this
because I am me right now when I get on
and I'm like oh that's for me but it
wasn't me at the time yeah I ain't eatin
I don't know I think mine would probably
be take up a tuna cheese but without
thinking about what other people think
like there are so many things like I
knew you didn't do Madame Tussauds room
yeah and I'm so glad I did but I knew
you didn't because I thought other
people would like judge me for being a
wax figure and I was like but we haven't
asked to be them they were on us and I
was like pink are annoyed I'd be is like
an eight-year-old yeah telling my
grandkids if I didn't do it because of
other people yeah I think there are big
things like that in the past that you
have turned out in recipe hazard so fun
no that's good because you make you made
how he did it then yeah I know that you
know that you'll know that you won't
turn down my civil cuties like that yeah
I just think make every decision for you
not for other people don't get caught up
in the moment I guess like don't take it
for granted positions are in yeah you're
like really appreciate everything when
you're older and like that yeah how
amazing I'm at the Alumacraft and be
like oh my oh yeah
I'm a wax ago yeah it's just freely I
probably wouldn't be so open about um
like house stuff yeah because that was
like we have a nice thanks when we moved
in here that that would ever happen and
now it once it's done it's done yeah I
know I mean my boys since like Vince
about Carol but then there's things now
that we would do that we would never
thought to do if it haven't happened yet
see you learn from all of you on the
stage yeah like how like yeah you did
and you almost need to have those
mistakes to realize yeah like for me
with my videos from like now on I'm not
going to be so personal and keep my
surprise like really right yeah well I
feel like - I feel like especially
relationship sister yeah
I've the long run on YouTube the more
and more I'd like held back and
obviously I feel like it also happen
about how much you grow up as well
life does get more serious yeah like
things do become like a bigger of a deal
I feel like can I just interrupt and say
what hash can you tell reforms that I
know I can dad done his major objects
there you don't want amazed done what if
the middle is not we are what the middle
is right let's get one out and then we
can cut in half it's as soon as they
turn from my greater pink but I reckon
we good I thought you cook this all the
time time okay but I love fun
oh my god I'll give another another like
Jimin yeah also I just felt everything
is life experience yeah the thing is you
to burn and anything and any job and
growing up you can never have regrets
because everything that you make it now
that you've done wrong actually
malteaser person in love yeah yeah I
definitely I don't regret anything I
don't regret um I know it may be Mexican
I'm super optimist which is doing in
government I think so yeah I bring my
script Ottoman army don't worry you're
gonna filming me now feel convinced to
have these look so let's look at that
I'm going to sign off here I hope you
enjoyed my tour and start by tutorial um
see you guys next time I'm back times
made my dinner but John I forgot to get
your toothbrush you have to delete all
the footage that I made you then
that was a deal pink one we got you on
as I didn't know if you had your he had
one yeah just got changed into some more
comfortable clothes I can finally have
some dinner with the guys this looks
great
good job guys look at you sleepy snoring
it's time to see how the shot glasses
are coming along is the draw from off
Ridge the road of ice and then the shot
glasses how the heck do I even get this
out oh my gosh
already this is so not ready yet this is
how not ready they are oh my god
so what I'm thinking is that what we may
have to do is wait until tomorrow it's
going to be like the chocolate pumpkin
I'm going to film it for this vlog
though don't you worry
but I may just have to do it tomorrow
and add it in at the end of this vlog
because I want it I want to eat them I
want to try it more than anything is
this the latest you've ever stayed up um
in a long time yet what's the time it's
like 11:30 there you go let's pull that
pull that little bear say that was late
once since I have laser eye surgery how
are you guys
yeah great thank you oh my fingers
molding up five four and a thumb huh
four and a thumb oh yeah this is so
satisfying with me
right on no no me do you want a snack if
I give you a snack now if you have to
put in your mouth yeah it's not the OREA
thing is something else you have to put
in your mouth I give it to you yeah the
whole thing oh no you have to promise
promise okay chicken burger yeah no it's
me I think it's vegan okay close your
eyes I'm going to throw it t eight oh
definitely not
oh my god this is a
they vegan oh how is that how is that
not vegan
gentleness hahaha
every right in the forehead guys having
a pork fight I'm gonna go get I'm gonna
go get Tom yeah let's all just go and
cuddle her
Todd's been asleep like an hour and a
half she's gonna get really scared it's
me Jim Chapman Hey
so on your couple me go away see
anything it is time to end my vlog I
hope you enjoyed the video everybody
today has been crazy remember I'm gonna
add in the DIY Oreo shot glasses they're
just not better not frozen yet did you
film a lot what you're gonna put in
spoke DJ in bed I'll catch you tomorrow
thank you so much watching the power if
you've enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you liked the takeover let
me know the comments smash your thumbs
up your challenge today we're going to
give big your challenge on today's vlog
is 50,000 thumbs up we're gonna do a bit
50,000 subscribe if you're not already
I'll see you in the morning good night
guys it's the morning now guys I'm gonna
try and get these out these are frozen
now are you gonna come and help me it's
so hard to get them out of this light
thing how is it still not fully solid
I've got myself some some milk we're
just gonna try it
can you guys comment down below why it
didn't properly freeze I don't get it
we're just gonna fill up with milk and
try anyway does it taste like cookies
and cream that is so good but look how
quick it's melting mmm
this tastes so good
doesn't so good
