well you get a picture we're staying at
the cutest little Airbnb at the moment
it's a beautiful day beautiful whoa my
gosh I thought that was scratches then
all on the side of the range eliminate
is dirty though we see no dirty the car
is like I can't get over the fact that I
look like I'm wearing a skirt today
which is fine I'm just not that's the
thing mom Annette can you hear that
fired let's find them in the countryside
good morning guys good morning hey Dad
hope you having a lovely day we are
currently in the little village is it a
village or a town the little village of
Leacock of a population of around 700 to
1,000 humans and probably about 2,000
sheep partly in the local playing field
we just parked our car up is that it's
just quite a nice FeO do you know oh
this is what we came to that little fair
that time yeah we've logged it as well
go check out the video probably like
three four years ago time to go for a
little walk
I'm chilly got myself a banana to eat
during any ice cream it's available in
that cafe make you feel really nice and
warm I remember when we had lunch there
once with Tanya and Jem and Tyler
Joe there's loads of us we would
literature sitting in there yeah that's
when we film like 11 collapsed in one
day or something I was crazy back in the
day for the good old pointlessblog main
channel you know film and tons of videos
in one day look at this little village
literally like a toy town fun facts just
through those trees is where tons of
Harry Potter was originally filmed the
Leacock bakery this is all getting our
lunch today hey they got a little whip
outside okay come on oh yeah they've got
hummus chips and going in on the lake
lard a whichever one you think time for
the lake or cloudy but this is the
greasiest thing I've ever seen in my
life
and I asked the woman what it was she
said it's dough with raisins vegetable
fat and sugar I bet you loved it like I
actually bet you loved it
the world Lodi is so funny Lodi
Wow yep I mean it's literally wrong what
do you mean I just covered in sugar it's
still a diversion like I'm gonna give it
a job I'll give it to your mom she ready
to either it's the time of year of
giving I'm showing those in your family
that you love them and one thing that
sorry Joe of planning on doing or not
plan it this is over here now to get
their dad a new TV yeah well good thank
you
do you not sighs he wants I don't think
he would want to big whilst we wait for
Joe to arrive and just trying on some
PlayStation headphones some total beach
so that I can play more for like Battle
Royale
so these just look ridiculous yeah
because every time I'm playing in the
evenings because I play in the bedroom I
just wake me up for more the gun noises
do these little stupid Joe's finally
here helping outfit the TV is 55 to big
Joe you've been to the new place we
haven't been that's right
sold is it for this law we have to get a
new standard moment right about thanks
so much super successful guys we've got
the TV in the back oh happy trying to
find somewhere to grab some lunch for
real quick
or they going to M&S cafe they go on MLS
cafe over there got everything got
everything we're in such a rush already
like 20 minutes late for those
grandparents
the widest angle in the world that I've
ever done in a car look at that Zoe oh
my gosh
right we've literally just had the
madness oh my god the food's going
everywhere the maddest rush around hey
around no she
we've just finished up an M and s
incredibly successful we are just 43
minutes late to Zoe's grandparents
Joe has gotten straight from Curry's
room we got the TV straight over to his
grandparents so that everyone's not late
it's just us and we just picked up a
load of food and stuff ready for tonight
because we're gonna have like a really
nice dinner as oh his dad and two sets
as always uncle and aunt is that two
sets tonight yeah yeah not anyone knows
yeah so very very family-orientated day
everything else we've ticked off on the
list to do today we just need to go and
give presents and go and relax and I
also bought myself some salmon potato
salad have for lunch
they'll be cool with that just had such
a nice time that Zoe's grandparents
house was Oh his mum we've now just
driven to Zoe's dad's new are we gonna
give him the TV now yeah oh my gosh I
can't we given him the TV and his
Christmas presents Joe's here as well
and Joe's car
I guess it worked when I've come to Gary
what TV we put the TV up and
surprisingly considering that was the
old one how much smaller that is it
actually fits perfectly so super happy
about that everyone's decorating the
tree in the other room there's no
element it is like Gareth gates hair see
no boy see you later
alright we just got back and Zoe's about
to go to bed I don't want to give you
your present for today close your eyes
put your hands out you're gonna like
this one a lot I can tell Jo said that
you had one when you're a kid and you
loved it no Tanya oh really
so I performed a step song no I'm sorry
no I'll pay for you to get them redone
I'm sorry - I your gift was it worth
that what
I'll glue it back on so I used to sing
it and I used to cut this I just said to
knock this vlog and I realized that I
didn't end it so I'm ending it the next
morning I hope you enjoyed it if you did
give it a thumbs up it was a super like
fairy family farily family oriented
today just having Christmas dinner of
Zoey's dad and uncle auntie another
uncle and having presents and Christmas
stuff of those grandparents and mom and
I hope you enjoyed it I have enjoyed the
vlog I enjoyed it here's like an early
Christmas day if you did give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already linked down below to my
merchandise
everything is 20% off if you want to
grab some I'll see you in the morning
good night guys
