doesn't feel good minik this is why I
wake up to every morning Nala does this
thing if you run for no reason she just
chases you like she thinks something is
happening I'll take you I'll take
oh crap haha I kind of did it look what
I was shaving at on here you can choose
the millimeters I just started shaving
all my beard three times shorter than
what I usually shave that crap um I mean
I only know what to do now
I've got Phil Malone Clubs tomorrow and
I've got a chin like this I will air my
fear a minute I'm going to try and
rectify what I've just done to my
stubble crap I think I managed to kind
of ish say there I'm just opening of the
cones and getting the day properly
started does anyone else watching these
videos get really affected by light it
may sound stupid if you don't if you if
you're not the same as me but if there's
dim lighting in a room it just makes me
feel more like just more down like I
have less energy I know I'm sounding
ridiculous to most of you here but I
like a room to be like really fresh and
cold and really bright so that I feel
energized like coming into a room like
this when it's all dark and messy can't
handle that like these blankets here
just thrown on the side I need to nicely
fold these
so my stubble is currently looking like
this it's okay it's a little bit patchy
from where bits of different lengths I
tried to just like ignore what I done
and just get on with normal but I did
have to go a lot shorter than normal to
be able to make it look somewhat okay
the room is all done this feels so much
better
look at this all nice and tidy
and fresh it's time to make some
breakfast
I haven't really been too healthy
recently and I really should be but find
it so hard to eat healthy when I'm not
working out as you know if you watch
these videos I've been working out for
the last like three months five days a
week Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday every single week a set from
recently I went to Portugal which
obviously means that I wasn't with my
personal trainers we have to work out
and I'm missing and I've just given up
on eating healthy I'm working out to try
and gain weight and gain muscle and bulk
up a bit so eating unhealthy doesn't
really faze me but I don't really feel
too bad about it unless I'm working out
then of course I'm not going to get the
results that I want but since I haven't
been working out for the last like four
days or something let it slip by whilst
I was away I even went to like food vans
there hot dogs and burgers and
everything that I shouldn't be eating I
haven't done this in a while there was a
point where every single morning I used
to wake up and squeeze half a lemon or
full lemon some nice fresh water this is
going to be so sour and that is what
you're left with like a really dried out
bit of lemon cheese a little stone whoa
now that is gonna wake me up we're about
to go out and so it's just told Nala to
go out for a wee and she's jumped on the
sofa and laid upside down come on check
outside come on
she don't want to go for a way maybe she
doesn't hate that she wheat you know
it's gonna be so cold let's just throw
in our pen all right let's give her this
Oh
one pound is two pounds an hour thank
you so we've come out
we're meeting poppy and Shawn and maybe
Poppy's friend poppy machine out of
order
you're kidding me do it on the app I
mean up we poppin in Shawn and we are
going to the very first this year
Christmas market can't believe it
we're going to a Christmas market how
exciting is that although the only thing
that I've just realized now we've
already left
is that Zoey's car is packed oops I like
it's so full up which means that we
can't actually buy much from this market
I'm going to put two hours when it's on
you open till 4:00 which is at 50
minutes at least like okay so you
decided to go for the coffee after
because we bet definitely both drink
coffee don't wait I bought these shoes
awhile ago and I never actually wore
them until yesterday they are so
comfortable this is ridiculous I feel
like I'm walking on the clouds the open
market
get that shot get that this is the first
time I've been to this market for like
five years my parents used to live close
by when I was younger and we come here
all the time but it looked nothing like
this it was literally like a little row
of like almost like sheds but they were
shops and now it's like fought for
concrete shops oh this is so sad
imagine having like an office up there
that's so cool
apparently on this store you can just
try all the different flavors of honey
there's a red ones over there when that
one looks at all the trans are used he's
run today
I'm going for this one which one's this
one Cuban
oh my god I don't make
is it good this one is try that one as
incredible that's insane
checking out the whole thing
I'm never to have my life insane
Ross bring honey
sorry it's got chewing gum it spit your
chewing gum out how you drink I'm on
there
imagine that with like yoga in the
morning so we just got some kostas i'm -
my god but can you look at your cup
compared to mine
they're both too small you're both too
small
what is this competitors always by mine
I folks I'm really so gutted when I try
my good is it good but then now I want a
proper portion of it'll be too much oh
my gosh that is amazing any try what's
in that
honey honey quick I'm see I would be
able to drink enough
this is lint only chakra which I love
we're going this way by but where you
going
where you walk in
everyone singing a song sing your song
pop he's been doing the Mean Girls dance
routine - jingle bells Rock yes she has
look at her hello how you doing I'm just
um I just want to film your can i film
your reaction for my vlog to showing you
a blip so keep this on your face okay
sorry you hit play I kind of did it look
what I was shaving at on here you can
choose a beard three times shorter than
I usually shave could you tell everyone
why I haven't can you tell everyone why
I have no stubble I was just telling
Zoey now is like so if you know just how
short my stubble is oh so I tell us I
don't know why the Rays are so short I
might literally rila like I was like
laughing so much cuz obviously marking
borrowed it and then don't not put it
back the right one and you didn't check
oh my god Oh Jake it is my it is so
funny this is so funny the clip watch me
watch this
he just stares at it
know what to do now
so if you didn't get what was just
happening basically the beginning of the
vlog earlier on when I shaved my stubble
incredibly short as you can see and I
had no idea why it was on such a short
setting I was just laying down telling
Zoey and explain why my studies so short
and she said oh that's because Mark
borrowed your razor whilst you're away
so so I had to FaceTime him show him me
shaving my beard why are we gonna go
over to mom and dad's home in ER I was
looking for your new vlog and it's not
five o'clock yeah I was like where's the
news 18 minutes more after wait you
wanna go and see fuzzy she can see bossy
boy
um papi and Shaunie yeah she can see
when our family
Analia granddad oh that ranked nanny and
granddad
she was your brother
Carrie are you ready guys yeah are you
ready kids
I can't hear you Bobby's gonna introduce
this segment this is a very I come on
it's just give me your mouth and I'll
say okay now you tell everyone we do it
hello everyone today we are gonna be
eating the October sauce box and here it
is even though it's nobody we're like a
month late basically November 1 yes I
just arrived right realize we haven't
done this one yet so no I'm doing no no
no I'm not sure what do you want this or
not this Coachman's area code in Phi
which could be quick we got dinner
mommy's cooking dinner if you find out
about mum and dad's house now your honor
but right money kids you got your man
0:03
this is 21 eat you boy was it chubby
bunny
oh I was like there's some tomato pesto
popcorn
sweet and salty to be bad it don't taste
really good no I know like a taste nice
tight but not it no no no no no no I
think yeah it's not even your dog you
said you did just like did you not like
oh no it tastes good okay I just think
popcorn should be so let me just look
ranked yeah pop don't open that
that looks disgusting why let me out
loser be free right
oh it's a ba-ba-baby Singaporean what I
mean around three - looks like what I
bred hmm it's actually not that bad
I was really good take that the ground
you come every day so it tastes good
yeah I really like that it is a bit like
rye bread isn't it like toasted right
now I really like that these are gonna
be way more bite
ginger Karenina oh it's fairly
innovation up who yourself however if
you're not very major empty your Title
II oh it's a cumulative stupid delicious
what holding baby guys yes it's barely
know me you know then yeah that's not
bad you know that's very good
I'm jaded pretty quickly
because we dinner well that's actually
really nice good it's really good really
good walk brandish that we should show
up now that's good
all right from Playa ginger I can taste
the ginger hi dad hmm I think that's
nice I know that's really good yeah
never judge a book by it's cover I don't
cover never judge it buy it buy it buy
oh no no you don't like peanuts
gingka just Josefina
but what flavor just hand race the
chicas West African peanuts and toasted
not mostest they're toasted now they
activated oh very popular without and
it's organic healthy foods up activated
at the moment have engage are you at all
Lina we're getting on to the sweet house
you do not have to kill you
activate goji berry I love goji berries
so much I don't let you know what they
are my love them ready three two one
you go go you better linger goji berry
that's really good is that war watch out
vodka or with it we shall catch a squat
Christmassy that's regular Christmas to
enjoy presumption that's my favorite one
so far
oh these guys remember this is the
October box
no mom we want the November box at home
faster oh my god Sean you're not ready
for the next time
okay these were guys I know yeah
you don't look it spirulina the quickest
choice is a cookie oh this is this is oh
my god eyes amazing smacking hoping
right business is that healthy mmm
little better
that is I just need about C to go that
unbelievable
oh my god chef chef Tom just some more
of that coming rise it's over rhythm one
away ooh la la
teabiscuit there we go needs like hey
guys these are unbelievable there were
moments I do I need a drink
stop contributing did I can I Drive a
drank sake that won't drain gosh it goes
fast
oh my god that's so good yeah I really
like this type of skits I want small
biscuit yeah not like we have a massive
dinner D Oh guys oh my god we need to
get some of this at home was that
sparkling cherry and a guy it's like
posturing aside last night I thought
isn't it like as high you inhaling all
the arrows like your life with rude boys
that's what a rude boys is that good for
you who bites you some nasty
look no I know that some reason it Bobby
if I was younger going skating and I had
a couple of them that were cold
what you swine's getting that you were
really cool in your younger in which
case when I'm going to stay in this week
I was younger and I was four men
Oh some of that
that's really good when our boys a good
Scrooge in this light come on you seem
on your future
yeah I know Fox we've had like others
like three things in this idea it's
amazing
that room invoice was that worried good
hmm what do you box no me whether you
like box
what's this one this is as fudge protein
snack vanilla chocolate yeah and your
price all right Iran minute
could you get some push-ups in fun man
oh I'm Ringo oh oh
I like chocolate have some weird voice
to sip it down yeah I'm not sure about
actually passion face oh boy any if it's
approaching Bob are you ready sure I'm
sure read the name of this room the name
Bob Mel Mel Mel where the white milk get
some milk
I think big chocolate buttons show them
the heart are you've already broken Ella
break the heart it was a heart like
melting in my hand I milk
what is that your Bell got a mop papi
that's not your bear oh my god okay that
is amazing what show fil 55% dark
chocolate oh that has a strange vomit
alpha taste
what does it taste like I don't
understand right yeah no I understand if
I'm in voiceover so awesome but I like
could you making this up I think I read
all of it but right from ylk instead of
mi okay if because it's not real milk
because it's me okay it's meal yeah
where's not one not another read help mm
yeah um kid maybe every boy straight
before rude boys right
Oh Jimmy can you have a drink yet not
much there boy somebody three Zach
trading walk back huh mmm cinnamony Oh
Robinette like I have some new boys that
were cool
these taste like the came to Maine brew
boys whoo boys whoo boys come on Amy
watch it baby oh but you asked I can't
be the favorite I think
oh yeah thanks oh my god the shore
biscuits with ah I'm sure about milk no
I know I wasn't sure about him what
about the fish you guys okay yeah no
yeah I like the rule bike check nothing
especially serious was Oh rotor oh yes a
goji berry one no it's these that
there's a couple of em I have to smash
them Oh get it eat it quickly and the
other bed Zoey
yeah I want to order some of this now
every life is with the ones our youngest
one I love that new boys oh oh we're
gonna get some very points hey earlier
on where you've got your spin and see I
was gonna get some today boys Jay huh
replace me in every whiskey Oh Rock says
mmm this is really good I love this box
yeah love it where is it
oh my god you got us dish mom oh my god
we might leave I live on LaVon George
you know listen ay ay Caramba
hey won't worry why is my phone it's the
two kids covered in peanut butter
she's like does that feel good
hmm uh I'll get me the full face book so
I could do it with the dough okay wait
wait let me quit II sure to show and sit
down watch this doesn't feel good
good good
there is like a reception teacher and
all the kids are gathered around hmm
what is in the box you can't bother so
this is like a doggy subscription box
that we're subscribed to by so nearly
bought Nala this this week you know what
was it last week I saw one of these in
the shop I was so close to buying it Wow
what is it buzzy
look how good that toy is mom oh this is
unit seven Oh which reminds me you need
to give her her no I've got our dinner
up here the kitchen looking at me
biscuit what is it baby
it's Lisi one it's an autumn II one yeah
how are you gonna do that this looks
amazing I go pop this is got habit
called horns and salmon honey welcome
this is Jamie's isn't it Jamie's recipe
no I was taking the piss
she got egg in it as well oh my gosh
okay apparently it's time to look
through baby photos which one thoughts
where's some really cute ones are
popping on a bed in the middle of the
bed
no that's blue oh look a party yeah did
you sleep darling who's that
oops this is all Papi's oh is that Jade
with papi yeah bottom that's how you
waste on the day first night daddy went
out and left me on my head
you took the phone look at that I should
be me going scared is she where is she
like in the Arctic ghost grandma I
actually love that picture
what are you laughing at oh is that me
oh I be concerned
I just know I just a big bloomin head
look at that one
oh hey Oh papi that's the Bell is full
yeah ages Rosen I for the first light
six months or something he wasn't in
house over 600 was I not you were in and
out hospital for a year on and off you
kept getting bronchitis looking on you
compete here a little getting blood this
is so much oh you're visiting our wheels
don't eat mom's made some very jelly
that looks amazing whilst we're all
watching I've said she'd get me out of
here I'm also about to play hot seat the
game don't tell anyone okay
gonna get you some chicken nice Hey
don't tell anyone so we've what over
like six games to play tonight in end up
playing any which ended up watching TV
and chilly an attraction and stuff right
we heading off yeah we just got home
home home home just taking on her up for
a we turn off all the lights and closing
the blinds and everything then we're
going up to bed going to early start
tomorrow at the gym guys d1 back hitting
the gym up Monday to Friday she been
four we yeah coming home
coming in good girl
what is this come on into bed good girl
you're gonna cut her a little ducky
midnight I thought I had the gym at 9:00
a.m. it turns I do at the gym
8:00 a.m. completely forgot so I'm going
to go to sleep now guys it's quarter to
11:00 I wanted to try and edit gaming
video because I'm going to stop loading
gaming videos from this week hopefully
I've got like four ready and then try
films more tomorrow today you're
watching this we've got Tonya and know
me staying over and Jim coming over for
the day so it's going to be a super fun
vlog tomorrow I haven't ended a vlog
over the last couple of days I keep on
falling asleep don't forget into it if
you enjoyed this one guys your challenge
today is 30,000 thumbs up go down below
smash the thumbs up button subscribe if
you're not already we'll hit the little
Bell button next to the subscribe if you
are subscribed hit that little bell but
if we notified when upload and yeah I'll
catch to mine I guess you cry an o as
always literally cry n Marcus needs to
watch that for his try not to cry
challenge
