why is it always nice weather during the
week and raining during the weekend
don't get it don't get why that is a
thing hello hello doggy you've made me
breakfast in bed
why legit just start to my vlog like I
have not done this on purpose guys oh
that's not for you no it's not I do it
beans on toasted cheese thank you
where's yours say good morning to
everyone say good morning guys
this looks amazing are you gonna come
and eat with me good morning guys good
morning how you're doing it is Saturday
today and it is chucking it down with
rain like it is horrible just so
annoying because I swear it was pretty
nice the last couple of days but those
are weekdays so stuck inside in meetings
and stuff all day good morning good
morning good morning guys how you doing
for then yeah but I don't feel like a
stop my vlog properly I want to welcome
these guys to the vlog how you doing
today a reason why I'm starting in the
hallway is because it is disgusting
weather it is so rainy outside look at
this look at this sky it looks blue in
the vlog because it's just so damn grain
disgusting so and I just finished up a
meeting on a Saturday a meeting on a
Saturday catching up like I said I've
been catching up on stuff since of it
away all fully caught up though is all
good a set from the weather because the
rain is disgusting I want to take a
moment to just say thank you so much for
all of the sport recently it has been
phenomenal like the views the likes the
comments the love on these videos every
single day has been insane so I've just
been watching a ton of motivational
talks on YouTube and I wanted to tell
you guys a quote that I've just found I
don't know whose quote it is I don't
know who came up with it this sums up my
life when I was younger the amount of
terms of
this a year from now you will wish you
had started today how good is that
that's crazy
wait yes no no she was started today you
get that as in the amount of times
everybody tells themself right I'm gonna
start eating healthy tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow I'm gonna start
working out I'm gonna start working out
on Monday example your braces human man
my braces that was for over a year you
talked about sorting out for over a year
and you were like yeah I've just done it
when I say would have been finished by
now already be finished there we go so
if you're thinking about starting
something guys do it listen to that
quote because a year from now you will
wish you had started today if there is
something in life you want to achieve
whether that's eating healthy getting
fit walking your dog doing your maths
homework whatever it is if you start
working on that thing today you will be
so thankful in a year's time because you
could be like the rest of the world you
sit there and say I'm going to do it
tomorrow I'm going to do next week I'm
going to start next month
why start tomorrow start today and then
I also wanted to show you this so I just
found online warned up the whip it which
is the dog's name went on his
heartbreaking last walk and hundreds
turned up to say goodbye so this dog's
owner
I saw someone tweet that this dog's
owner put out on Facebook that his dog
was getting put to sleep
he was like because it was really old
and he said he said everybody come out
if anybody wants to come out walk their
dog with my dog for his last walk who's
ringing me Holly bring you back in a sec
and he said if anybody wants to come out
for the dogs last walk then come out and
look at this look oh he's in there
somewhere then why he's having a fun
time wait to the camera turn around look
at that just people who saw the post
isn't that just insane oh my god that
literally makes me want to cry let me
show you a picture of him in his owner I
can't have that there look at him there
enjoying his last ever walk no oh I'm
like properly tearing up this his last
ever walk they enjoy there it wasn't
very worth it he was getting super
fragile and really really not very well
look at that my gosh that just you
crying oh it's always literally crying
Marcus needs to watch that for his try
not to cry challenge it was just more on
a beach I just don't like maybe it
wasn't notice because it was that the
dogs lost walk that is a great thing to
happen in a time when so many crap
things happening in this world know was
never gonna die I don't wanna ever die
she's never gonna die no no you're the
best dog in the world
hahaha Oh on a positive note if you want
something in life today is the New
Year's time you're not sitting on yeah
okay I have got something positive I can
actually show you so Oliver bonus and
giving you a present
there you go so you know the other day
in the vlog when Zoey had ordered some
Christmas presents for our family and
friends and Oliver bonus the company
again this is not sponsored guys just
sent and added just added loads of
presents to her order for Zoey annoyed
to just have which was lovely and I
filmed us opening it well these just
arrived in the post this big box for me
ordering people's Christmas presents
they must be like cheese women stop
spending so this letter says Alfie
because we wanted to send you something
too because last time they just sent it
to Zoey this is for your bar cart love
from team Obi Oliver bonus the bark is
the thing out there that has all like
the cocktails like gins and vodkas and
stuffer
did you say what did you read what mine
says no what does your say we promise
not to tell anyone what you brought them
but this one is for you
oh yeah because because I was already in
tons of people's birthday I'm not that
day Christmas presents from one of a
bonus Oh
oh my god I saw these on the website and
I really wanted to get one because I was
incredible oh I did it
how much does it say it says
make-believe and it's like oh hey oh my
god I love it and it has a little star
amla I kind of don't know whether we
should have opened these at Christmas
ESCA opening night are you gonna help me
there it's so heavy
whatever it is as well oh man I need a
knife wow that's a sharp knife
luminara's yeah I thought oh wow it's
marble I love this this is what I saw
enough oh my god can you hold that
dividual hang up
yes look for a shot or a double shot
look at that I don't know what it it but
it looks it looks you don't know what is
no really like podcast so when you all
when you make cocktails and you shake it
in the shaker thing you put that on the
edge and then you pour it it's so you
don't get along with the bits and stuff
do you see it's kind of hard to explain
this is I'm just going to say we never
had someone make you a cocktail yes do
that better yeah I was gonna say we
never had someone make your cocktail but
you don't drink cold outside
I have virgin cocktails though and
they're still made look at could have
reporter lengthen up now as soon as
you've got bottle opener now let's look
in Locker give them a proper 100 cheese
night yeah thank you guys that's some
disrespect me saying oh my god like you
know I was gonna get back on the intial
is sick they're gonna watch this would
be sewed
look at that that's so I love this for a
shot like a single or a double now it's
going to look really nice enough our cup
match it look come you might have to
move from where around my hair's gone
really straight in the rain
don't worry oh look that looks so good
doesn't it genuinely love it and it
matches as well like this bit oh man
that's so good
er yeah whoever's doing the P offer
oliver bonus you're doing a very very
good job love wearing hats because it
means that my hair can look like this
and no one can say i'm gonna tuck you in
here we go like a little kid it's 4:30
in the afternoon and i'm off to go grab
myself some lunch just popped in to wait
those guys oh my gosh I'm so excited for
this sushi I think this is the okay I go
I think this is the thing that I miss
most
while stars Elizabeth
I hate when cars park super close to my
door
why do that that's so annoying I Sonnen
literally can fit in the car just bought
a ton of delicious sushi and because I'm
going straight off and then if I told
you guys I've been speaking to my friend
Holly you all know Molly and she's
hanging out with my friend Jesse tonight
over in I think it's peace Haven I think
P saving is like 20 minutes away from
where I live oh no the lights going off
and apparently there's a massive
firework display going on over there on
the beach as well as like tons of
activities like kids face painting and I
don't know norm or like beach
celebratory firework kind of things so
I'm going to head over as well I think
those guys are getting pizza but I
couldn't resist whilst on the way over
I'm picking up some sushi from Waitrose
I didn't know if Jesse's house would
have soy sauce so I even bought my own
bottle of soy sauce hello friend you
know we sell Pauly's Romy Jesse I was in
st. Holly but Holly didn't sell for him
we set it up you were you don't know the
recent work let so the before the bed
was here look all of this it makes so
much more sense I love this new thing
yeah this is amazing with the drawers
that looks so good why didn't we do it
this very originally well I think it's
good enough this unit before yeah that's
true this looks so good now
how you doing you get you excited cuz I
didn't do anything
yeah yeah I got you I got three one for
me one for you one for se no Jesse
annoys me this is staying in the video
Jesse you know me so she doesn't get one
no cuz I bought her one before um and so
I bought me and have one yeah she won
she didn't share a schedule perhaps but
she did not come to my channel we can
see some fire holy Holly's pretty
scared okay guess there's not some fire
safety regulation for fire marshals
where are you not not regulating fire
I am I just rather have someone else
there as well oh okay that's good that's
good I'm a trained fire marshal my spare
time say you own looking at blue box
I didn't really feel much guys my camera
has died that's why the quality on this
looks awful organs are currently on my
iPhone we're driving back from a new
cell from Vicki's from Jessie's and I
look McDonald's you're healthy I am
healthy I want AHA you're healthy
none of that and driving back now do you
have a good evening
lovely the fireworks show again I don't
know how much I could film because my
camera ran out of charge the firework
display was so much better than what I
thought
Oh beautiful here we go the photo it's
pre was so much better than what I
thought because was it SP same in here
is now was it not I'm not you mean
serious oh my god but sure P 7 is an
hour the other direction I told these
guys is P same inalienable hey don't
follow it ensure it's like quite small
place I thought that the forward spray
was gonna be like mediocre it was
genuinely really good really good really
I don't think that the bump I was really
good as well
yeah massive bonfire yeah I want to know
how they put it out or whether they just
let it run overnight if any of you guys
know let me know down below um yeah it's
I'd update you because I didn't have now
I haven't really talked to the camera
much because my come right out of George
opening
as what happening what are you doing
Holly checking for what the chicken for
monsters guys holly has made me come in
I put my car outside just to check a
huge Oh get a shame honey there's no
one's gonna find your body
Holly's making me check the entire flat
you ever just to make sure that there's
nobody here oh my god holy holy
why'd you do that you I will kill you
you know let's go let's go let's get the
monsters come on honey Holly Holly Oh
Suze I'm joking right if Shawn was in
here okay join me to check this room is
this room still like a gym what if
someone was in there you know what are
you doing
just go in no one's in and I can't close
at all serious the Troy closed that door
trying clothes out from this you don't
snack off the wall turn the light off
why not shut up it's right it's turning
up on the inside it just opened it just
opened are you falling having real kind
of I should be I've been serious know
exactly but not doing but no one's in
your holy you just might snap the dog
didn't Jen's right how do I turn this on
whoa
I know is here I'm gonna go Jay good let
me check for FLE how do I turn these
lights on if I want to chill out behind
the sofas and everything for you oh
where and I didn't have that knowledge
for you I just heard a squeak down the
corridor lemonade cooter do they're good
yoginis the pump open is fine
now they've I placed Holly says that as
soon as I need she's not gonna come back
in this room but this is your flat you
can't be scared of it I mean you
definitely look fine that is very true
because Rob you will be down let me
close the door no don't just say what do
you mean what we doing Holly says I have
to stand outside the door while she goes
for a well yeah
and then what just somewhat you close
the door I'm not closing the door won't
be them for we yeah start look don't
even close the door wait a min I'm gonna
kill you go for your way I'm definitely
gonna wait here I'm not gonna go home I
had to pull over whilst driving just now
and I ma'am I know the quality is bad
I'm still filming am i offender stuff
but I just wanted to have a little chat
with you guys because my I don't know
the back the thing is just still going
like it's not even raining
ignore that let me tie my hat around so
you guys can see me more I just wanted
to have a chat and quickly pull over
whilst I was driving home because I've
got this thing stuck in my mind that my
friend Jesse just said to me about an
hour ago when I was at her house Jesse's
got a job interview on Tuesday I hope
she doesn't mind me I'm sure she won't
mind me telling you this and it's up in
London and it's a super super exciting
job opportunity lights the dream job
fair
thing and me and Jess in Hollywood
chatting about it earlier saying like
you prepared are you ready like excited
and she said yeah I'm extremely
extremely nervous I know I'm not and
this is along the lines of what she said
I know I'm not going to get the job I
just want it to come already like the
interview so that I can be told that I
haven't got the job that blew my mind
like guys everybody out there like you
if you want something in life and you
really really want out you need to think
you've got it like the most important
step is to believe in yourself that
you've got this job already whatever it
is you've got this this part in a
musical that you've always wanted before
the audition you tell yourself you're
blooming got it now you're good enough
for that you've got to do that this
isn't just a Jessup I know this is just
in general this just jogged my memory to
a inspirational video that watched
recently and it said something along the
lines of if you happen to be in a coma
and once you'd woken up you'd forgotten
everything that previously happened in
your life and when you had woken up you
were told that you were a Navy SEAL you
were in the Navy you were a Navy SEAL
that's like a super super super super
super high-ranking part in the Navy that
is all you know that's all you know is
what you've been told that that's what
you were walking around would you hold
yourself differently more proud would
you feel stronger would you feel more
powerful would you feel like the role of
the Navy SEAL whether you were where you
were before that's another question if
when you came out of this coma you were
told you were an actor would you feel
more confident would you feel less shy
would you feel stronger in yourself to
be able to do things that an actor would
be able to do and this just shows
because you honestly would and if you
told you were a Navy SEAL you would feel
stronger you would be able to lift and
push more weights because that's what
you think you can do and this is what
I'm saying guys to be able to achieve
what you want in life you need to first
be able to accept and tell yourself that
is what you are there is no
answer you are going to get that job you
are going to achieve whatever you want
and until you tell yourself that that is
going to happen there isn't another
answer I'll try and find that
inspirational talk and have that little
bit that I just mentioned and I'll leave
a leave a link to it down below if I
remember if I don't please let me know
and I'll try and find it out and show
you guys but basically I just don't want
anyone watching these videos and I
certainly don't want my friend as well
Jesse to feel that they're not good
enough to do something that they want to
do in life you are good enough you just
need to accept that you are good enough
and then put all of that energy and all
that effort and all that work into
achieving it it's like 1:00 in the
morning I pulled over on the side of a
random road and I'm talking to my iPhone
my camera hasn't even got any charge
let's go home let's go stop our feet
right no they don't now you've got out
oh that's not bad that's not bad
most not fast there's no bad not fair oh
I don't cook haha okay I'm a girl
playing this game holy crap planer no oh
did you break it - no don't get more
don't get more I'm putting this in the
same I'm putting this in the same c'mon
team my starchart to finish yet start
the game you have to finish it we have
to play into it finish yeah guys I got
home like 5 no stop I got home like five
minutes ago that's not fair and I've
already eaten a slice of peach so that I
should not have eaten them I made to go
into the gym and instead of meeting
Peter at one no stop it throwing ice at
me the canalla goodness you've got your
own glass
no please you started the game you must
finish it you might have got my hair
where's not a gunshot here if I did know
thank you babe wait don't watch your
boobs are gonna come out
please sign ha ha sorry watch this
what's this wait Fred to sneeze
