is that nice minty all right is
converted Oh during brewing heaps
yeap timethat was he caught yeast heap
hops that's the one hops Oh Fleming AK
sugar is the answer
sugar I should have known that for my
bit my videos ever day the eastern
section of the border between England
and Scotland the River Thames no
River Mersey
the River Mersey the River Tweed oh I
should have known that the jug failable
guys I've just woken up and for some
reason we're having a geography and
history exam in the bedroom Molly's
asleep and Zoe's asking the question
he's confident and me and marker answer
in there or try now so that it who is
Radio One's first female DJ it's fine
cause nice Tran cotton no forget it
Oh who's it I'm nightingale is it and I
can go yeah
yes you can and you can enter that right
come on mark to nil okay which 1979 film
was the spaceship called Nostromo at
mars know if you're so close
Independence Day no attack of Mars no
moon landing it is that film you've seen
no I made up a pizza oh yeah Hagen
Italian was alien yeah
yes what is the alternative common name
for a black leopard hunter yes my first
one right now it's a good one what do
the British called the vegetables that
Americans call zucchini eggplant Oh
bloom an ak-baba Jack good morning guys
good don't look at the window don't
don't stop stop look in it's not pitch
black out there it's definitely not the
evening okay is the evening it's evening
guys ah today has been a day of so
acting out things that I haven't been
able to do due to being in Portugal for
the last couple of days you know when
you go away and whilst you're away you
don't want to focus on anything you just
ignore and you leave everything all your
responsibilities all the things you're
meant to be doing in life back at home
that's kind of what I did while I was in
Portugal and at the time it was amazing
I was getting to spend all of my time in
the present moment enjoying myself not
having to worry about emails and things
but now coming back home I've got a ton
of stuff to catch up on so I literally
spent all of today in my office in town
in a hotel meeting room in town
sat organizing planning and going
through everything that I needed to
catch up on and then finally that
finally there everything is done for
today everything is out the way it is 20
minutes past 5:00
that is where yesterday's vlog was
slightly late it is going up in three
minutes so I hope you enjoyed
yesterday's video if you saw that one
but how are you guys doing that's the
important thing I'm home I'm back with
my family back with my friends back with
my girlfriend back with my doggie and we
can get back to some normal vlogs
because I know the last couple of days I
took a break or from one day and then
the last two vlogs were also me away is
quite different to usual kind of content
but I'm back I'm better than ever and
yeah I'm really really ready to make
videos where's my doggy
oh you there NOLA Oh got my cell Oh to
everyone have you missed these guys let
me miss them
hey come and say hello sorry watch this
what's this wave red to sneeze oh no she
won't let me do it now haha they could
be a whole hand over her face just close
out ah all right nice she doesn't mind
it how are you doing did you miss me
while stars or
I did you miss me while stars away what
have you been up to
Liam our children worked and that's it
mark was here the entire time I was away
I don't if you guys saw but before I
left
mark arrived and stayed over and and
then he was here the entire time massage
away hanging out with Zoe and stuff and
so it's just editing the vlog of that
time now today has been like a way you
following me for have you not had yours
you put in a face to say that you happen
has she not had her Zoe it's time for
knowledge dinner look at her little face
home what is this what is it what is it
this your dinner
ah no we don't do cry no no no no no
wait waves only have to wait nicely good
girl gone then Zoe's playing a song who
remembers this the Indian stand ended
dandy image this one yeah I used to
always use this song in my videos right
now Cameron played it well there's
another one you're excused do I used to
always use this in my main channel
videos on my main channel why are these
your channel
yeah this is a and it's fun oh no no I
got that one
sunshine this must my Sean this is
deafening yelling everybody what's up
guys things I don't like about
relationship guys my song right you need
to give out to edit and I need to get
back to let everyone upload to alive oh
my god the rover bad guys just hearing
those sounds here and those songs takes
me back to what I used to say what's up
guys at the beginning of my videos who's
been watching since then I wonder how
many of you have been watching my videos
those times those were the days back in
like 2012-2013 with a good old like
little ukulele doo doo doo dee doo dee
doo dee doo dee dee doo I should also
mention that something very exciting is
happening tonight for the first time in
probably like three months men are six
months seven seven I don't even know
tonight at 7 p.m. which was yesterday
for you I'm doing a live stream like a
live video chat
on my gaming youtube channel I leave a
link down to it down below to the exact
video you guys been asking for it for
ages for me to start doing live streams
I used to do them on the website called
you now and YouTube have just enabled
their function to like do it and I'm in
speaking to a ton of creators as well
who really really want to get into live
streams again because the audience who
watch their videos and you guys who
watch my videos love live streams and I
want to make into a regular thing at a
regular time so comment down below now
for me a day of the week and the time
that day so what day and what time every
single week
UK time you would like me to go live on
my gaming channel and once a week for
like half an hour or an hour a couple of
hours or however long you want I'm going
to start doing some big live shows we
can give away some merch we can give
away some vlogging cameras we can hang
out chill have fun and capture up like
we used to live because when you
those comment on this is amazing I can
read them every day but when you comment
on a live show I can reply to your
question right there and then and it's a
whole different world guys so a massive
parcel arrived in the post just before
literally the day before I met Portugal
and I am so excited because this takes
me back to my childhood just like every
single teenager I used to skateboard and
I skated for like probably four or five
years used to absolutely love it but
before I started skateboarding I used to
ride like a micro scooter like a normal
scooter but my friends and I used to
take them to the skate park and we would
customize our scooters completely but in
our spare time would be like soaring
them apart adding bits on from a BMX
I've still got my scooter for my
childhood it's in the boot of my car and
it is literally like three scooters all
the parts and three different ones put
together parts of a BMX it's completely
custom built just to do tricks on my
friends and I used to go out on scooter
for hours and hours every single day
doing tricks and since then it's
actually become like a proper sport like
you can actually buy scooters that are
made and designed to do tricks on just
to take me back to my childhood
I bought a trick scooter boom an egg if
I had this when I was younger oh my gosh
this scooter is incredible it's so good
I mean there's only so much fun I can
have on it indoors I need to go like I
need to get out and about have some fun
I need to ring up my friends who I used
to go out with on my scooter I can't
believe I just bought a trick scooter
that's like the funniest thing ever I
swear the only people that ever see
riding these are like 15 years old need
to get ready for the live show I need to
get my light to keep up ah oh my fur
oh crap literally tearing down the house
with this bloomin thing I bought a
couple of gadgets to make my live shows
better quality for you guys so I bought
a microphone that plugs into my iPhone
and I bought this other little thing
I'll show you in a second the live show
is over that was so much fun I literally
like a 25 minute live show if you didn't
it yesterday I will leave a link for you
down below so you can go check it out I
basically tried and Zoey came and joined
me as well and did air to do this like
bubble challenge kind of thing one of
you guys brought me this set here and
you have to wear these crazy gloves it
means you collect throw bubbles it was
mad go check it out go down below the
setup worked really really well this is
what I ended up going with in the end
little tripod my iphone to do the live
stream and iPhone little holder and then
a microphone to make my phone quality
even better for you guys does anyone
else to stop watch the TV like Nala
properly stares and watches the TV
I should just lump set don't you going
up to bed now I've got myself a nice
cold glass of water currently 1:30 in
the morning I can't even speak listen to
my voice I don't know how but Zoey no
you were watching her below 3 the film
and we both just firstly and it's not
1:30 in the morning it's the next day
everybody yesterday last night was one
of those evenings when I just fell
asleep on the sofa without even meaning
to and as you can see like 10 seconds
ago in the vlog I sounded dead I look
dead I felt dead and I needed to go
straight to bed so I completely forgot
and I don't know why I'm editing today's
vlog if you're watching this video I
edited that was laying on the floor next
to my bed i widen why am I not laying on
the bed head from Lichaj editing on my
laptop laying on the floor the video
what anyways if you enjoyed the blog
guys be sure to go down below shows give
it a thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already today we're going to plan some
fun stuff to do so get excited for
tomorrow and I'll
then good night good night good night
good night
