good morning guys good morning and
welcome to Portugal
today we're in Lisbon I made a pluming
Hotel turn over the windows show you
outside oh I can
no no kind it's locked I just turned the
camera around to show you like a normal
person this is my view if you haven't
already seen it in yesterday's vlog it's
actually not too bad except from down
here that is a swimming pool can we talk
about the blooming colour of that
swimming pool it's green it's green who
is ever going in there love it see that
man anyways how you doing guys I hope
you're having a lovely day wherever you
are in the world
whatever you're doing we need to adjust
something like I can't talk fully I
can't get on with today and go ahead and
be in a mood like this when inside my
head I'm not in a good mood that plane
has really no I'm not in a good mood
because just going to throw it out there
and say I've set it on Twitter and stuff
I am and I'm just going to say it once
and then we're going to move forward
I am extremely sad disappointed upset
confused baffled and angry that Donald
Trump is now the president of America
what the bloomin heck is going on with
this world first we have brexit now we
have donald trump in charge of america
great one world you ever vote for him
anyways we're just going to carry on and
today we're in portugal which is very
very exciting i met a ton of you guys
yes at the airport so again thank you so
much for a warm welcome it was lovely
I've just had my breakfast just got
dressed can you hear that noise I don't
if the cameras going to pick it up
really I pitch the entirety of last
night that noise was going off I think
I've got everything in my room key let's
go let's go let's go get the day this is
a very little minute so didn't if I've
told you guys but today I'm doing a talk
in front of four and a half thousand
people that is crazy all about YouTube
and surrounding the idea of will social
media people like myself leave a legacy
behind us that is what the talk in the
discussion is all about today and yeah
it's going to be excited this here is
where it's all going on it looks like
ablum a massive UFO also can I just
point out that everyone here is so small
he traced that it was going three cases
and suit jackets and
proper suit skirts I'm wearing a bloomin
hoodie and some Yeezys at this point
guys I just like to let you know that
we've been walking for about four hours
we're still not inside the building
there are 53,000 people here today
investors media partners speakers right
the end oh my gosh this is massive just
walking in properly into the first
location living massive guys in here
kind even light-atom how many people
53,000 we've got Yan here showing us
around get into the main stage now guys
this is where I'm doing my talk in a
minute the massive thing that I said
looked like a UFO that's it that's why
I'm doing my talk from an AK
we're going to be like a back entrance
kind of thing thank you so much
apparently there could be up to 15,000
people in there
fifteen thousand we've come back outside
and we're just going to go into the
center stage like the seating part to
see how big it is in there because
apparently now that can be fifteen
thousand people we know that this movie
that mini there might be like one turn
out to my talk that one person just on
now it's going to be called holy crap oh
my gosh this isn't even funny yeah
look at this guy's - what that's wrong
gonna be a couple of hours
if you leave your stuff you can do thank
you so much can I go for a little peek
around see the audience so memory has
been told last-minute that she's in
charge
she's moderating this panel and last
minute that it's 15,000 there's a holy
crap
we thought we had a moderator moderating
this panel for us but it turns out we
don't have a moderator so we've just got
to freestyle down from 15,000 feet wet
to freestyle this talk what's your plan
there's more Club like it's almost time
to go out you know everyone's talking
about business here like let's get some
energy like work required literally
gonna be like water they could earlier
these kids I wanted to I've always
wanted to do TV out here like my dream
growing up to be on Disney Channel say
like hey I'm Jay Paul you're watching
Disney Channel
just walking off I think it went well I
think it went good yeah whoo okay guys
that talk went incredibly well we kind
of had to freestyle it and if you could
hear me backstage but basically we
thought there was a like a person
running it and it turns out memory was
running it she didn't know she was
running it so we kind of just all won it
together and we had to prove style it
but it went good going all good I just
went to the toilet now hello hey how you
do you get this is a big fun awesome and
what was the same what was the same
yeah she went to the toilet and there's
a sticker on the wall in front of me
whilst I was going for away and he said
this now I see that as a challenge are
they asking me to do a new challenge
video we have to eat something bigger
the moan head if they are willing to do
it we've just got some hot dogs with
chips this is my first ever hot dog with
chips I've never had this before
whoo all right guys we're back as we
just left the venue just then there were
so many of you guys outside and you have
like my books with you and everything is
so so lovely I keep on bumping into I
say bump in it you guys are waiting for
me in places where you know I'm gonna be
which is awesome so it's nice getting to
meet so many of you Portuguese viewers
obviously not very often that I come
over here so it's good to have solo to
Sun in your faces I'm gonna try and edit
some gaming videos now I've got about 40
minutes until we need to leave to go out
for a dinner I'm gonna try to edit some
gaming videos to get them up get them up
soon for you guys hello up day you're
eating a film I thought you said you're
eating a film awesome then you are I'm
just gonna be a loud speaker from a vlog
how insane was the missing was it good
yeah I have exactly 13 minutes that is a
lie I have six minutes dinner I got 13
from I have six minutes until they need
to be downstairs and get my butt in a
taxi to go out for dinner tonight kind
of way not whether I should get changed
or not is it gross to just wear the same
outfit I kind of feel like I just want
to wear the same outfit like I don't
bother where I'm posh
loads I don't even know if this dinner
is posh I know that's got a thing
blooming Joseph gordon-levitt it's going
to be there hey man
we are going fast bitch we got
Lewis Hamilton he's driving us at the
moment that's actually driver literally
drove so fast it was insane
this looks awesome this almost looks
like some Harry Potter kind of place
this is sick
we've just jumped jumped in a coach
we'll now we're jumping off the coach
finished up all the dinner and all of
that went really very well had some
delicious curry and and now we're just
coming up with some drinks in the
evening of everybody again have no idea
what to expect we might miss where we're
going that everyone else is walking that
way quickly nip to the shop don't worry
wines re the best person the last thing
she said to me I'll get me a present
wash you away now that I'm never going
to be able to get your present an
emergency bowtie yeah about a purple
skull hmm that is amazing so not only
did that shop not have anything good
Azari we've now lost the entire group of
people that we were with and have no
idea where we're going
cheers om blaming this so you know to me
we're just walking from one bar now to
another bar I mean I don't know if you
can see guys but thing is to get him
pretty damn busy down there last time
I'm closing that door tonight guys I am
knackered oh my gosh I don't even know
what the time is it's not even late I
swear but it feels like the longest day
in my entire life
is four minutes to one
