good morning guys good morning good
morning good morning I'm in such a rush
like I can't even begin I've got
something like 14 minutes until a car's
picking me up to go to the airport to
take me to Portugal tonight and this is
how much I packed so far literally like
two minutes ago I remember that I would
need my passport and I had no idea where
it was luckily I just found it so I've
got my passport worse comes to worse I
got that that's the important thing now
I just need to actually do some packing
oh geez
a big parcel of new clothes arrived this
morning that I ordered the day before
yesterday song have some some fresh
clothes I bought a tracksuit that is
like this look compliment standing out
that is guys in your face I don't even
know whether that's going to look good
on or it might look a bit crazy I also
bought a Yeezy t-shirt camo I'll take
that with me then I bought a couple of
different hoodies because it's getting
cold now yellow one a green one and a
grey one I'm going to take the yellow
one with me and I'll take the grey one
with me take some underwear need to take
some fresh clean boxers one pair do
pairs three pairs for three nights two
nights two nights why am I taking three
pairs never know never know if I need to
get swimming in my boxers or something
pair socks another pair of socks short
pair of socks black hat and I'll take a
gray hat sure take a beanie as well
BB beanie should I take some of these
now I don't think I'll get me V if I
need to are Justice women in my boxes
guys I said that I was going to open
this today but I do not have time I'm
sorry we'll have to do it on Friday see
you later little one see him Friday
thank you so much okay so you guys yeah
maybe the end of week see you in a
couple of days it is cold today guys got
my ankles out and everything is freezing
oh my gosh
hopefully I'll miss this flight I'm
traveling with one of my managers Tom
for this trip because as I said it's
like a work trip and I've just been
texting him now and he's still half an
hour away so although I was rushing like
mad look you can see my breath it's so
cold although I was rushing like mad I
think I've made it with tons of times
it's all good I'm not gonna lie I don't
even know who I'm flying with but which
airline I've got the documents printed
off in my bag I've no idea I'm just
gonna go to costume wait for Dom is it
just me there when I was younger I used
to run along I used to put like the best
slippery socks on the most fluffiest
ones are owned and in my kitchen odd
running along and that's skid on the
floor this here would be the best spot
to do it
floor is marble and it's massive I'm
attempted to take my shoes off and skid
around for them thank you so much
online member will bite or copy on the
safety card poker to the seat pocket in
front of you
just like I said in this fly it was the
hottest players like sitting on a sword
at the entire time and I need a way
permit thank you so much if you wonder
why there's barely any footage on that
plane they did not like me filming oh my
god they told me so many times to stop
filming even at the airport guys have to
always do the stairs
this Airport is incredibly clean
incredibly spacious all gates earth are
all good so far
Saddam and I just realized that we
haven't got any euros out which is kind
of handy when you're in a country that
needs euros so some people have turned
up to say hello they've all formed a
very nice line for me which is sooo bad
you having a good day nothing day yeah
clear later alright thank you so much
see you later
that was awesome I just met so many of
you guys already I'm only just landed
everyone here is so friendly so welcome
ins thank you so much we came to the
airport some of you guys waited like
three days three days not even out with
days you've been here blooming at my
hotel room is booked from tonight for
two nights
Dom's is but from tomorrow Germany comfy
like sofas Donkin sleep I don't snore
and you know what they just said before
the hotel is fully booked
Philip is giving us a free upgrade so
kind of her well I'm getting upgrade you
haven't got a room yet no number
thirteen how crazy is that
Tom's rooms right next to mine and just
over here and see what it's like ah this
is cute I got two single beds why
whenever I come to a hotel do they give
me two beds let's go back over here give
you a really quick talks we're gonna go
down and grab some food so you come
through here this is the bathroom go on
of those little bummed watery things
normal toilet a bar are that looks
through into the bedroom if you pull the
blind up and a shower I mean I don't
know what that bits for well that is
cool look at that did you guys ever play
beyblades when you were younger
this looks like the kind of thing that
you have a battle beyblades in here they
spit anyway so I'm just a bit I'm sorry
into the bedroom we've got TV two single
beds a little chair let's see what my
views like
oh wow that's quite cool isn't it come
down to the bar
look at this drink I think there's an a
million-pound drink a million pounds
guys how crazy is that
cheers man was also a million pounds
guys look at the size of this crop
sandwich I don't even know how to eat
this it's so big I just got back to the
hotel room guys
I am absolutely knackered sure like I
haven't even bloomin blogged anything
today it's ten minutes to twelve in the
evening my head looks like an egg
because I'm wearing a hat all day so
ignore my hair I've got my braces n if I
sound this B I've been wearing them all
of today I'm so happy early on at the
airport I bought them in identify
certain if I showed you guys what the
new GoPro and that's so excited for this
camera - GoPro Hero 5 black I'm going to
end the vlog now guys and go to bed in
my little single bed my camera back - is
flashing my laptop is about to run out
of charge and I can't charge anything
because I stupidly didn't buy I
converter from a UK like three plug
socket to a 2 plug socket over here so
I'm having to charge my phone off my
laptop my laptop's back to run our
charge I'm gonna have to end this really
quickly cuz this is also running out of
charge if you enjoyed the video guys I
know it's a bit of a strange one today
I'm sorry I was frying and I was rushed
like mad give it a thumbs up subscribe
if you're not already down below let's
try and hit 30,000 thumbs up today that
is your challenge go down below smash
the thumbs up button check out
yesterday's vlog if you haven't already
and I'll catch you - mark good night Oh
Pro bring it down about there and then
just cut that Levitt error you just got
along a lot longer than I they don't get
more than calm Lynch Oh
