oh you can your chrome bring it down
about there and then just cut that
Levitt oh you just got a long analyze
along in an either don't got more than
half an inch
oh my little briefing hello doggy hello
good morning outside outside outside
giga go join your breakfast coming in
not a wait gonna get go
let me neck it is a cold day today guys
oh my gosh there's like ice no it's nice
it look like ice on my windscreen
good morning guys we'll just go back
from the gym and I'm straight laying on
the bed I wasn't in the vlog promise you
I was just something productive but me
too huh
you actually won I've just been added to
my vlog since today doing emails this
morning actually and look at Nala this
is right tell my camera just to show you
what knowledge like at the moment keep
up
oh no she's moving hey baby
you tired she always finds a way in like
she just like one under my leg and just
like lay there you sleepy you know your
bed downstairs yeah did you wee on it
yesterday did you do a wheelie on your
bed
did you worry on your bed yesterday
because now we're having to throw it
away and your blanket you did away we
didn't you on your bed
did you Nala I'm speaking to you Missy
she's like I'm just gonna mother did you
do we on your bed yesterday were you a
naughty girl Nala were you a naughty
girl why do you do that every now and
then it's so weird isn't it like isn't
it weird yeah every now and again like
yes oh are you coming to bed soon
did you serious come over here and like
hang on you thought she was sick for a
second huh no light are you gonna come
cuddle daddy they do I thought she was
gonna come and say sorry from weighing
on her bed yesterday and said she came
over and blooming fledged on you but all
that that's not nice Nala through the
neck
well we think when both the dogs were
here together yesterday we let them out
to the toilet so many times I think the
fireworks and somehow there was a way on
one on one another's beds yesterday I
whenever I let
now the fireworks went off so they
didn't do anything we just parked at the
fireworks I came back in if any of you
have a dog or any of you if any of you
are dog trainers that could be handy for
any of your dog behavioral training or
anything um knowledge like completely
house trained I would never ever ever
have an accident maybe it was the
firework but just sometimes once every
like three months you'll just randomly
we on the floor but we don't know why
that's so weird though her bette have
why would she we on her in bed
she's never we'd on her bed Ida man let
us know in the comments if you know why
know you're coming over to sorry you're
coming over here to fetch from you I
told myself off last night when I got
into bed because I went to put in my
braces and they were so tight and I
should be on the next set by now I'm
three weeks behind wearing my braces
because I just don't wear them enough so
I put them back in today is day one that
I'm going to wear them all day every day
if you ever see me in these drugs were
not wearing them comment down below put
your blooming braces and after you idiot
of what you're not gonna have straight
teeth so if I'm starting to be less be
only just flat that's nice if I'm list
me in today's video then that is why and
maybe it's more than maybe the next
couple of days it might sound a little
bit different but I'm going to get used
to it again and I'm gonna have straight
teeth
hopefully by Christmas I just need to
straighten out this little kink here now
you can't even really see that I've got
them in anyway I just got to papi
insurance papi is not here Papi's
getting a haircut at our house with Zoe
and my mom and hairdresser so it's just
Shawn and I today and I'm basically
repeating what was meant to happen was
on Friday last couple of days last
couple of days remember you from gaming
videos here together at hobby insurance
flat didn't happen once literally not
one name is Hannah around today is the
day you start we're doing it so I'm even
bought over a blooming light because
these guys have one right down there so
and I have two lights at home but we
want two lights for this film it's a boy
ever a light boy over dream when I
bought this I bought a laptop just to do
Sims and gaming videos let me got it
with me don't this is happening guys my
gaming channel is going to relaunch
very very soon feeling good this time
feeling good as you're watching this I'm
about to get on a flight to go to
Portugal so I'm also going to take my
gamer laptops and microphones stuff like
that over to Portugal with me and going
over for a couple of days to do like
some business talks and panels and
discussions you'll see in the vlogs but
whilst I'm over there in the hotel I
wanna record some gaming videos so
gaming is coming back you had it here
first
you had it from the list first should I
get some food yeah no that's not that's
not counterproductive guys we need to
get food to give us energy to film yeah
exactly
cuz I'm feeling bit you know I need
something Shaun is a happy boy with this
breakfast I kind of went in I just got a
lasagna for breakfast it's not very
normal is it but then it's not breakfast
time it's lunch time that looks good
yeah also guys I did get a coffee for
this decaf don't worry
back from breakfast slash lunch and
we're just set enough to film all of
these new videos was that guy just
walking off the golf club like it was a
walking sight he knows everyone what
vibe we are about to play go there isn't
it yeah we kind of don't have two
tripods so we've got one here we need
two cameras for this video and that's
our second tripod but but no one will
know if you watch the video so enough
both your tripods it's like online for
Arthur I think when we've got this come
here set up and then I'm about to put
this vlogging camera that you're on
right now here we've just finished up
filming the first gaming video it went
so well like it's half an hour long I
think like 25 minutes long you guys are
going to be obsessed with it once once
it goes up but we're now driving off
because something bad is about to happen
Zoe is at home with her hairdresser and
poppy and my mom I think mum - even
though isn't yeah together as well
I also earlier on this morning when I
heard that she was getting a haircut if
she'll let me cut some of it so we're
gonna head over now whilst the gaming
videos are saving and I'm going to cut
some of Zoe's hair but she's going to
let me
she shouldn't be doing this buzz come
here mate come here sit down
was it you was it you yesterday not oh I
think we found the culprit it is
definitely buzz I just buzz he won't
speak to me
buzz come here sit down yesterday did
you we in the bed I don't even like me
so there's two ways you can do this yeah
they bring it down and put your fingers
do you like that I've cut my fingers on
a console in the other day you stronger
these radio ah oh you know bring it down
about there and then just cut that lever
Taylor and you just got along along
along in a neither don't got more than
half an inch
oh he doesn't know what half half an
inch is this yeah right here
no you ready
he's scared how long's often as if
you're letting him do this
I'm just letting like that I know it in
a straight line
yeah yeah it is ignore no I can go ow
it's something it's harder to cut
through them I thought yeah cuz if you
get used to it you keep come on over
this car but that's can you I'll get
that it ooh there we go if you like saw
his hair it's all me so now see if
YouTube doesn't you know see you later
all right we're driving back now gonna
go back and film some game videos it
just gives though his hair a little trim
D trim trim that's actually quite good
good little trim I would like to try and
learn how to she did sounds good and Sam
is like the queen of haircutting I think
learning how to cut someone's hair would
actually
be really fun that's the one thing that
I thought like after college or
something really good like to do yeah
I'd love to cut here hmm
I got like Aaron's hair when we went
traveling and stuff no yeah it's we were
away for like months I would like to try
and just cut a full head of hair if
anyone out there once wants to let me
any youtubers cut their hair for a video
let me know so I can blog it and then
you can have a cup hair you can do you
could do like this bit on my sides now
let you do that with a shame yeah if it
if you're in it then I'll just have to
go because I want them to like fade it
up use it with a home obviously I'm not
going to try think idea I think I'd be
quite good if you did art that doesn't
mean that I'm gonna be good at cutting
hair yeah cuz you've got like steady
hands you can draw yeah you can draw
yeah you're gonna join so you'll get it
tattooing so for that that's that's true
that's another thing that I'd like to be
overweight if there's any youtubers out
there that would let us do it tattooed
and here sir oh my god
productive day everyone Sean and I ended
up come in for gaming videos today that
is absolutely ridiculous
people say funny stuff yesterday's blog
has gone up as well by the way guys it's
like seven o'clock at the moment I'm
still at poppy insurance I've even
bought some dinner with me and if I told
you got myself some salmon some other
salmon in case these guys wanted some
and I bought some blooming quinoa
prepared very very prepared I want to go
on my vlog and start carrying on reading
all the comments because I was reading
them as soon as it went live but I
haven't read anything like the last
hours so what are you saying why not
salmon what about sushi sushi that is
someone that I'm not making salmon Sean
wants sushi for dinner after having the
amazing sushi from Waitrose Oh
yesterday he I literally one cutting we
could always drive to wait Troy's
do that you drive to waitress I'll Drive
and right it's Connie you're not insured
Jaso my salmon is done all cooked up in
the oven but for some reason these guys
don't have a bloomin microwave so
apparently I've got Mikey one hop two
tablespoons one two and now I just wait
three minutes
Oh Dan got my quinoa and my some Oh No
laughing at me yes surely laughing it
means you should have done it take me to
a sushi short how's your dinner join us
is Shawn's dinner guys basically just a
giant spring roll let's me a burrito
sure than I've literally just been
playing a golf game against each other
on our laptop so then if you guys can
see that for literally the past like
hour that is so fun but so so good we've
done a couple of gaming videos on it so
it is coming guys
the last game was so funny sure and just
lost and each kid suffered naughty
yeah this is stupid whoever made the
haunted level on this game
the game's called golf we're friends
how's your dinner oh my dinners really
nice good puppies get so grumpy but no
reason but why
oh my goodness what's this oh my god
guys I need to go home I need to go home
Zoey's at home look at me oh my god my
lungs hurt my chest so bad are you ready
to see one of Papi's glasses don't laugh
this is not a bars I'm laughing at this
smaller one part one minute let me just
have a glass of water
oh it's fill up already yeah they don't
laugh at this glass of water straight
face more is that see you later
see you in the weekend it's gonna be
ages good bye just got home now yeah
it's been a fun evening guys such a fun
evening just hanging off all the lights
just realized some new merchandise is in
here it isn't out yet in fact a lot of
new merchandise that isn't out yet
bloomin heck that is exciting stuff oh I
haven't put my braces back in since I've
lunch I put them in my wallet that's so
bad of me I stupidly forgot to end this
blog I'm so sorry I'm in a rush at the
moment to get on an airplane to fly to
Portugal today which is going to be
tomorrow for you guys to get excited for
the blogs and massive parcels just
survived down there as well so get
excited for that for tomorrow give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it I
cut so his hair I'll see you tomorrow
guys good night
oh boy big cloud huh
you got chubby bunny
