mm happy cloud chubby bunny
I plan to wake up early this morning set
my lawn 8:30 for a Sunday morning that's
quite good it's not too early still get
a lot of sleep although I did actually
get a bit of hot pass tube because I was
editing the vlog really late last night
anyways I set my line for 8:30 I heard
it go off and I was like hmm
I feel like it could do with just a
little bit more sleep so I hit the skip
button or the next or whatever it is I
don't even know I just hit it every morn
ended shut up button 11:45 the time is
now 11:45 skipped it until 11:30 I
didn't mean to do that my gosh
time for a weather check and it looks
incredible today look at the weather
second day in a row that Sean and I are
in wheat rows today we're buying stuff
for a roast the girls have written a
list we're out wine out whilst they're
preparing all the vegetables so that
Morris type of taters
are there over here I've got these
deviled a Morris Park potatoes don't you
worry I know exactly what they are I
think they're all gone
in thermal bonding Charlotte potatoes no
but these the ones
no there's Charlotte potatoes yeah let's
just get these 1 2 kgs one thing that we
don't need first on they're both
do what we do need some sushi let's go
get some sushi
all right so we have a dilemma as well
Shawn likes one sushi and I like another
sushi you like plain I liked this sushi
thing is my guy
the Shawn goes for some crazy remember
onion Ahmet by corn tempura in sushi
with crispy onions on top so it's like
double crispy
I have no idea which one is the best
sushi the best one see I think is this
yeah my friend thinks is this what do
you think the crispy onions so the
crunch is our best seller is it yes the
crunch someone crunch this our best
seller okay maybe I'm gonna have to
switch it up then I think you should
have you tried no I've never tried it I
think you should give it a go I think
you should give it a go
I'll get both just to stay safe in case
I don't like it getting both love you
salmon roll crunchy salmon roll this
that's right
chilly isn't it bloomin cold today I
think I got everything we needed to
forget everything yeah most importantly
we've got sushi exactly very important
that Wilma's bought a blooming Christmas
tree look at her we're back home and I
really don't feel too good I feel really
like weak and dizzy but I've kind of
realized it's 20 minutes past 2:00 in
the afternoon and I haven't even had
breakfast yet so probably my own fault
that I don't feel too great
these guys have been preparing mum have
you prepared this poppy and Zoe prepared
all of this this looks delicious Poppy's
just nicked out of Shawn drop some keys
off at their friend's house and then I
think we're going to go out for a walk
or something I need to eat my sushi
interested to try this one since the guy
in the shop who makes it said that this
is the best one give me piggy give me
that give me that piggy yeah yeah we
kind of all just went out for a walk and
like completely flush film anything I
apologize I'm very very sorry however
drawback are you guys just cooking this
or do you want some help you sure yeah
you sure you could get me out a bag of
crisps
I can have a bit Fouche did you buy any
sushi or did I buy sushi for me
each haunts this is my one this runs by
one that one should never have you not
have that yeah I've got it enough room
got it ready yeah room what do you want
some crisps like this Marley oh good you
want me to feed them to you just crappy
I want you your stomach hurt
I'm going to put these guys and dogs on
top
your mouth is sorry smoke can only fit
two it would probably like one minute
into the blog we're about to have dinner
I really feel much today we haven't
really done much today it's a Sunday oh
my gosh
everyone's getting the snapchats out
quick Sean get your snapchat out look at
all this food
thank you guys looks amazing
I'll tidy up you don't I spied on your
head Oh get that food get that this
looks incredible oh my gosh this is like
a proper Sunday like Christmas every day
that poppy is here with the Zoe they're
just trying to make it into a Christmas
dais where we're gonna start in random
presents I wrapped up I should do that
that sounds good we haven't got crackers
yeah oh my gosh I'm gonna say or you
guys are you on about
I never danced this with a try and go oh
I may be like apparently Ida trying
related knowledge to the song you don't
know this song this is our proper
countries now who's been eatin all of
these know there's a lot build enough
what we watch in is this Krampus Oh
what is that is that Krampus
I mean I don't think whatever it did was
very nice
he was candyfloss unhappy snowman
yeah yes everyone what can you talk yes
yeah okay my mate might take quite a
long time to make that many if you saw
yesterday's vlog you all know that I got
a candy floss machine and a lot of
people have been saying to me in the
comments and stuff Alfie you're never
going to use that machine again we know
what you're like guess what
let me use the machine again on and
making everyone dessert today making
everyone a delicious pudding of candy
floss it's so quiet like I can't get
over how quiet it is it's just so quick
it's just brown sugar yeah is it good
let mum try it I don't want my sob
rebound oh it's gonna destroy yours it's
good isn't it which flavor do you want
mum we've got bubble gum apple banana or
strawberry Madonna
yeah another one there you go that's
banana does it smell like banana you
understanding little bit does it taste
like that
this is actually oh my god it tastes
like that's really good one
this is it Oh Zoey is going to have a go
doing the strawberry one support inside
the black inside the hole
that looks so good I've got a good idea
I'm gonna get a little Bowl I'm gonna
mix them all and try you sure yeah but
they might not taste too great but at
least it will look really cool that is
quite cool the color of it's gonna be
awesome
should I try it yeah it's literally look
as big as your face try a big it my face
it's bigger than your head tastes so
good this is like eating a cloud why did
he go white that's so interesting
yeah because all of them added together
this is every flavor added together
notice all of them gums finish that was
the worst film ever like not scary just
weird we're trying to think of some
games that we can all play because the
time is ten to nine like it's still so
early and oh and the game that we wanted
to play which is that hot seat game
we've already all played before as a
family I didn't even realize so I've got
a good a good game none of these no I'm
gonna say here you ready guys mum's
gonna like this one
giant chubby bunny
everyone come on let's play let's so
blight I'm just gonna be the father yes
comes out there Shawn come on dad mom
you're gonna look so cute in this
thank you yeah a hundred you miss it a
little minion one in the now dad come on
come on top
come on Nick come on Zoey I'm alright
we'll play a family chubby bunny
alright mega look probably check this
one off doesn't even know why I put it
except to put in you're putting your
mouth and they say chubby bunny hey mom
really first like see yours are smaller
than mine yeah Jimmy you know come in -
a mite you got first ball you guys going
okay
remember the bowl no cheatin you can't
eat it well you don't have to eat it
Arsena frozen so how are you young man
I'm putting him out and then get shame
in your stomach try finding good in your
mouth and say chubby bunny oh come on
Danny I'm about ready put in your ass
and say chocolate ice cream ice cream I
want executory oh no that's go uh are
you gonna fall
papi you could legit fit to it the
joints pop pop it come on oh this is
gonna be really quick
Joe buddy push again problem I
physically I'm going to kill myself if I
do that so I've had free 4010 you are
what see ya show me this big as your
head hmm I'm trying to breathe in
there's no way and it's kind of a bad
push sure be careful I need another one
yeah boy happy cloud chubby bunny
company another one chubby bunny - oh my
in it a one second I China on you like
look at this capture that is messed up
thanks mommy
are you G number two should I burn a
hole DT over much challenge accepted
oh that's so good alright can you forget
to intervene now already put one in
there I think I just got my mom yeah
because as my god tear in there imagine
if your show
mom go for three go for three I ate half
of the first fun oh you are such a
cheater me I fit two in just Inez I put
to him but I just couldn't breath till
you've actually fit it in yeah I put to
it no big guys gone go for it only one
but you do have the smallest mouth here
go on Sean
no one showed you have to you have to
push push I'm scared for my life
probably got it really scared on my life
I'm fishing it shall what's right gone
on your turn see how many you can get
gonzo do it in your own in your go on I
wanted team you can even fit one yeah
God just really try I did three two one
squish Alden push it
it's not even in yeah that's it that's
it no eating it are you serious I went
straight in right number two dad go on
dad
go on plus coming in the scope stairs
come on
the hero gum cuz you're leaving come on
bass diggin I know it's like 9 o'clock
this morning just disappeared straight
away like it was lunchtime before I even
knew it and I was eating my breakfast
like 2 p.m. but for some reason this
evening is going super slow it feels
like it's about 11 o'clock and it's only
9 o'clock
we're all sitting down watching all of
clean Miranda sings and what are they
called sassy dolls
so good if you haven't already seen them
you need to go check them out like
genuinely such good dancing I think this
is the one that I first saw yeah this is
the one that I first saw it makes me one
learn this if you haven't seen a song
written by three year old Michael Ain
you need to check it out good bye guys
bye said tomorrow it's time to go to bed
just been texting my personal trainers I
thought I had the gym at 9 a.m. tomorrow
I don't it turns out 8 a.m. even earlier
there you go if you need some water in
the night see you in the morning oh my
god are you serious do you see how much
my camera just shook Anna did you up
there in there nearly dropped my camera
I'm filming my feet walking up the
stairs
alright every single night guys a tip if
you want to fall asleep nice and chilly
I like to be nice and cold when I go to
sleep Zoey likes to be really warm so we
both get a bottle of water fresh nice
and cold every single evening I add tons
of ice to mine
Zoey doesn't like ice repairs because
it's too cold and then drink a lot of
water
before we go to sleep super-nice what is
that arthur christmas is it off the
christmas i know it right i hope you
enjoyed the blog guys if you did go down
below give it a massive thumbs up
subscribe if you're not already hit the
bell button next to the subscribe button
if you already subscribe so that you're
notified every single time i upload go
down below hit the little bell button
smash the thumbs up give a thumbs up
thumbs up thumbs up thumbs up and you
guys we're going to watch off the
christmas i see in the morning good
night guys close your eyes put your hand
out a skit
