there's your ice P handout ah I'm so
tired it is the weekend let's go have
some fun everyone else is downstairs
we've got papi here we've got Shawn here
and we've got Zoe why would we not have
Zoe the doorbell just went and I just
put some clothes on and then I got back
into bed those guys have been making
Nala go crazy like literally so excited
I could just hear her running around the
house I mean I don't clue what they were
doing I think they were all playing with
her at the same time she was going
insane and then now then if you guys can
hear their change song I don't know what
song it is now
they were playing S Club 7 so bloomin
loud like I can't even describe it looks
like a pretty nice day outside you know
look at this for a weather jack let's
head downstairs got my phone got my
socks got my laptop
oh my god is over s from 70s back on
tiny mum and dad are coming over as well
the time is currently half past 9:00 for
some reason these very same is Christmas
today situation I feel backs I've not
made anything from this breakfast and it
looks in credible the ships himself guys
good job well done T me I've been able
to find my camera for like the last hour
and a half they finally found out we
finished up breakfast we tied it all
away and we're having like a proper
Saturday why actually just really really
chill in and not doing much poppies
upstairs and about to have a bath Zoe's
getting ready Sean's getting ready
million dollar just watching Christmas
movie I don't even know what film this
is so you put it on and and buzzers also
upstairs as well with the others ello
buzzy boy hey blue my neck
I love days like this when there's just
nothing to do but relax by fortunately
Christmas movie look at them both
they're so cute
were you doing oh just lay down on the
bed to edit today's vlog and I've been
joined by this little Aden
see you later doggies so poppy and
Shawna somewhere in here in the nd
enough for tonight
although I've just come to Waitrose just
to get sushi this is all what I want
right now oh my gosh I have no idea what
are there they are
yeah I'm boss Epoque and of course I got
loads of sushi it's the one no that's
not the wise must be us you not you
don't that crispy stuff on top you just
went straight up sushi that time you got
Kristi sushi it's so good no not the
onions all right this one Zoey's request
was a big French stick come on guys look
how much stuff you got yeah one of you
guys just stopped me and said are you
getting food for bonfire night tonight
I completely forgot that it is bonfire
night tonight and I didn't even get
anything special I didn't even get any
fireworks you what's happening I didn't
even get any fireworks either hello
dougies Hey hey buddy boy buddy
Oh No Oh No the Beaufighter Zoey
come and help me I can't get in they're
gonna run away they're gonna run away
open the door hello fuzzy boy
hello doggies now
hello doggies are you serious hahaha I
may have just got myself a few little
snacks we just sat down
we're watching the most recent episode
of the missing which Zoey and I are
obsessed with I got myself some Smarties
did your mum gas these thank you very
much Tracy you watch in got myself some
hula-hoop salt vinegar of course and
some whisper bike if you're not already
watching the missing you need to all
stop watching it guys it is so good and
I just have no idea what is happening
like I just have no idea what the end
result is gonna be like like one minute
I think oh I reckon this is what's gonna
happen
I carry watching I'm like maybe not just
no idea it's the fifth of November and
Zoey and I are just tucked up on the
sofa watching TV eating delicious food I
feel like we should be out by like a
firework show or something I can hear so
many fireworks going off but I can't see
any of come up to all Nidhi hit my own
head
oh I did hit my own bloomin head you
guys are currently outside the window on
the roof
oh damn it the skies flashing over there
when you'd hang out of another window if
I thought this through then I should
have like charged up my drone throwing
it really high in the sky and then been
able to record the fireworks from the
actual height of the fireworks that
would have been sick right let's try
this let's try and open this window
they're all down there by the beach
there's so many going off down there by
the beach I feel like I'm not a true
daily vlogger if I don't film some
fireworks with you guys on November the
fifth that's just not a thing is it
that's a fake vlogger let me put a hat
on and then just go see some fireworks I
don't know where we're going to go I'm
not even going to take the jacket guys I
need to go soon I've watched the
fireworks remove Annette
they're all going to finish because
because obviously people won't do them
too late because other people have to
sleep see you later
I think we've made it to the right
location I just some constant e
fireworks we're down on the beach if you
can't tell oh did I lock my car crap I
didn't lock the car surely this should
be the best spot to do fireworks because
you've got so much room to set them off
and there's no one here or is it like
illegal to do fireworks down here maybe
that's why no I can see them along the
beach over there
ie Polly come Betty bloom and see them
oh wait this on this some right let's go
let's go I'm so cold I'm running along
the beach like half past 9 or 10 o'clock
there's so many amazing ones I'm not
going home until I get a good shot of
some fireworks
okay we're getting close are you kidding
me are you kidding me just like it over
here they stop Oh this set up some more
we came to a good spot legit thing that
was everything there now lighting
sparklers
I literally just sprinted like ran for
like 300 meters just to see one
explosion alright now there's a bit of a
massive one gun over near where my car's
parked I can't even begin to tell you
how cold I am Zoe said to me as I was
leaving don't forget to take your jump
balls like nah I don't even think I'm
going to get my car there's gonna be so
many fireworks great one healthy great
one let's get some living hot air on in
here
Zoe you missed out that was so sick
a literature so many fireworks although
down to the beaches so warm so so many
are so warm nice bloody freezing us or
one firework light although down this or
one firework I told you guys a few days
ago I think it was on Twitter I'm pretty
sure that I got a massive new exciting
parcel in the post the other day for a
new DIY video and a bloomin got it I
wasn't lying in I had a massive one and
there hasn't been a right moment to use
it until now when I need something to
pick me up and excite me and put me in a
good mood off to that let's just say
disappointing firework display that we
just experienced together there was also
loads of other things I had to order to
make this video work including these
this this this this this all my all of
these and these two I mean I might as
well just put them all in this laundry
basket so I can carry it all downstairs
easier so you get some youtubers you
make nice educational DIY videos
teaching you how to maybe cook cookies
make a cake make a trifle I don't even
know but the thing with my DIY videos if
you haven't already seen one before is
when I start filming the video I don't
actually know what I'm doing so I'm kind
of learning live on camera with you guys
experiencing it together it's not really
like a teaching thing it's more of just
a we're gonna give this a crack see what
happens probably fail today they've got
a big old bot or a bloomin this is so
light your hope is in here it is the
right thing a god bloomin cotton candy
machine like an actual machine that
makes cotton candy like candy floss
cotton candy not when you go to a fair
and you get a stick like this when candy
floss on it blooming bought one of the
machines it wasn't even that expensive I
think it was like 30 pounds which sounds
great to be able to make candy floss do
I need the instructions so this is what
I've got the machine some little thing
three little things
skooby scoop scoop and then I need to
plug this guy in I was going to try and
work out how to do this but I am legit
having no idea so I'm gonna have to try
and follow these instructions I don't
even know what it's meant to look are
there we go there's a picture right I'm
just going to go from the picture and
see if I can see if I can work out how
to do it
got this big bit here push that down I
mean I'm guessing that goes like that
under these little bumpy bits there we
go
and maybe that over the top so I push it
down okay that's done look oh my gosh
now where does this thing go looks like
it's in the middle maybe just push that
like that well there we go
okay that looks good to have to spin it
I mean I don't know if this thing is
joking or not but these are the
instructions double them inside it
there's 28 important safeguards to know
about I'm gonna have a read of all of
this and I'll get back to you in a
second so it says that I have to heat
this bit here says danger hot that kind
of gives a clue how they turn this on
let it spin for two minutes apparently
and then I add candy into that middle
bit which I've got a blue enough of all
of this I bought so many colors to see
if we can make some cool stuff should we
start with this blue one it's been two
minutes guys I need to open these up
although it didn't tell me how to
actually do this they're like I don't
know where to put the stick I don't know
whether I should be excited or nervous
oh my gosh oh my gosh I can smell
something amazing is happening whatever
it is is happening Oh No
okay I failed but the bloomin heck is
that I don't know how to do it I don't
know how to do it guys how to use a
candy floss machine candy floss machine
I'm literally getting taught how to do
this by like a six year old girl how is
she doing that oh my god she's
incredible
you ready
hmm oh my god oh my god it's working
it's working it's working okay we kind
of good air we kind of got it work in
which need us or more this is so sick
oh my god this is crazy this is crazy
this is crazy that smells so good but
okay I think hacker this is incredible
this thing is insane okay I don't know
why everyone doesn't have one of these
machines at home you can't be see in the
camera but this is so pink and then it
flew in the inside okay right I've
turned off the machine and it is time to
try I want to show Zoey this Zoey I got
your present you want to see you
visualize put your hand out I woke you
up
giant cotton Gandhi cotton candy mmm
this is good you just bite it look I
haven't even tried it properly yet I had
a tiny bit this pink on the outside and
blue in the middle the machine is so
easy to use if you've got beard paula
zahn what the hell is that see this is
my didn't order can I have some more
it's not really my dinner guy so how
much I said quietly listen even
hear you I wish I could make it
you know the people on Facebook to do
the massive flowers like the dual color
then another color then another color
and then but I do think I need a bit of
a bigger machine to do that you enjoying
it I now want to make a giant one I'm
gonna see
our big of one I can actually make I
might need to turn it on again let it
heat up for two minutes let's choose
some colors if you do decide to buy one
of these machines after watching this
video and make one and stuff please
don't eat tons and tons because this is
literally like pure sugar once in a
while is okay every single day off to
college or school or work probably not
the best this yellow one is banana
flavor
you
Oh
machines turning off now slowing down
look at all the sugar around the outside
that's like built up this machine is so
good though it's time to just eat it
should we take a massive bite oh man Wow
apple banana that is crazy
oh my god and within five minutes
everything is completely back to normal
set from there's tons of like sugar and
this that I'm like trying to wash out
all the sugar Oh
oh my gosh it all just fell literally
just solid sugar should I have a bite
this is like pure solid sugar got this
amazing I am I am throwing them all away
there guys because that that is asking
for a filling slip 1:30 in the morning
just spin the last like two hours or so
it in this video that you're watching
I've edited the entire video ready for
tomorrow except from this clip now that
I'm filming that I'm about to end and
slop in at the end tomorrow all right if
you've enjoyed the blog guys please
don't forget to go down below smash the
thumbs up what kind of channel lights
off
smash the thumbs up button leave as many
as you possibly can if you enjoyed the
candy floss give the video a thumbs up
my last DIY video got like 60,000 thumbs
up or something so it's a challenge for
you guys to be that one thanks again for
watching guys I'll catch you in the
morning subscribe if you know already
click the little bell thing next to the
subscribe button so you'll notified
whenever I upload I'll see - I see oh no
yeah oh is vomit
