is he Oh No yeah Oh is vomit good
morning guys good morning how you doing
it's like 7:45 I don't know where Zoey
yes but really Adi she's already like up
or something under I'm not a tear I know
where this one is say hello to the vlog
go on was that you say hello I've got to
be at the gym in just over an hour I'm
so tired
look at you all dressed up already
I'm literally still in bed and Zoey
looks like she's going up to like an
award ceremony you do look at your
jacket doesn't mean a would Sarah have
like Kylie Jenner or someone that's what
it means you get the limo to where
you're going you are know you're do that
what do you do - Oh Celia what you
actually doing go into Teletubby let's
make this day a good one and let's hit
the gym
that's the first gym session like since
I can remember
being serious that I didn't have to have
a break and like absolutely got my
arm again why can I not turn the shower
on without get them on where need to be
quicker that was the first gym session
since I can remember since starting
training a few months ago that I haven't
had to like properly stop have a break
and like nearly died today I just did it
like got on with it and just powered
through time for the weather check don't
don't door then why shook the camera
didn't really add to the suspense I mean
it's not really that nice a day is it
let's not lie pretty damn great nothing
special right just get my butt in the
shower
look at her little face how do I say
goodbye to that it's just uh it's just
started raining like it's absolutely
disgusting weather right now I don't
know where that is so I was going to say
annoying but I'm actually going inside
all day so doesn't really matter to me
too much I just wanted to say the reason
why I tell my camera now because I have
got sick at parking like I used to run
parallel parking really really hard this
spot now is like barely bigger than my
car and I just smashed it first time pat
on the back
well done mate bro got your new shoes oh
my gosh that weather is disgusting and I
haven't had a chance to wear them if you
don't know sure and I got some new shoes
the other day
one thing they're all white we both got
the same pair and it's raining so beat
them up yesterday and haven't even have
to wear them yet I'm so excited
look yeah hey there's poppy and Zoe
outside oh that rages puppies I couldn't
get their eyebrows done this morning
another going to partners oh he's going
to partner she's gonna come in so it was
about littering on camera just then Zoe
was about to drop poppy off looked
inside it was like wait no selfie and
now she's coming in where you putting
them on their glow-in-the-dark I want
they they glow at this bit here good
hello what you want this is my house
this is my house hello what you on this
is my house go away go away oh I didn't
bring her oh she's been so cute today as
well did you have a good time let me see
your eyebrows they look good I haven't
ordered food hey Sean ordered food I got
here honestly
like I reckon I got here 20 seconds
before you know I said I got here
yeah no well I came over to film gaming
videos of Sean and instead we're now
watching Angus thongs and perfect
snogging
by loving and eat and take away fake
Friday night good fatty afternoon yes
like we do anything in the daytime even
more food
what the hell this one's so heavy huh
well if you ordered look feet rock it's
like a brick oh my gosh what is in here
Zoe thank you oh wow oh my gosh so good
this is new place guys called dope if
you want to try this one part open up
the other ones the non savory to sweet
please share this like wheat oh yeah oh
my god there's a bisque off one in there
as well oh my gosh just means this maybe
many favorite place try it
that's the funniest clip I've ever
gotten a vlog oh my gosh
Poppy's literally looks wrong guess it's
like what you don't even know what swarm
they put in a bowl no no just one
everywhere the bisque off pause couples
yoga we found it made up a new position
ready what e - like literally very -
squeezed out far maybe look so small
underneath in yeah why am I the one on
top why wait pygar oniy
huh believe a compare heavenly what
off the floor so that's right yeah
y-yeah
ghetto it what are you doing wait I'm
gonna say you sit like a jack yeah with
that comfy hey when I'm out on a date
and it is a dinner oh no it actually sat
on his head she gave her video why don't
you just come back with us and we've got
a meeting in half an hour Zoe did you
bring the deep squat out deep deep deep
inside I believe I can fly oh my neck
stop what time Oh trust me I already
told ya I don't like you whatever chance
for her rub your shoulders
poppy you can do it now you're stressing
us out this is Noah Cathy people
why you leaning against the home yeah -
later maybe see you later
we've just finished up the longest
meeting ever literally like two and a
half hour meeting as soon as we got home
and so it's just got a surprise are you
allowed to open this because technically
that is a Christmas present I'm allowed
to that is a Christmas present so I
don't know why feeling like this lots of
other people's Christmas presents from
our bonus the other day
Tracy Zoe this place called Oliver bonus
if you don't know it's amazing that's
what we got this from here obviously
this is not sponsored very legit that
looks like the ones whatever
hurt okay that's not more of a bonus
that's a non sponsor dishes what else is
from all of the bonus are they blue a
knife anything cute and copper those
aliens ed copper letters they're from
all of anyways we all just my stuff from
Oliver bonus or Zoey dead and they
always for some reason I don't know why
if you're watching on a burner people
thank you because we never Zoe ordered
something from you you just send her a
present
good now I'd like would come and think
just then I was like going through the
package I didn't even think about it I'm
like oh I got this for coffee for
Christmas and I got there and I was like
wait they're frozen I'm so crazy
so we genuinely don't know what is
inside this box how cute is this
wrapping paper so cute right you have to
guess what it is okay try and guess what
it is first
I'm guessing I don't know though I want
to say a plant pot but I don't think it
will be
don't look at nada
maybe some dishes this is litter you can
take that half of my blog you open in
this box so a few little treats from
your friends at all of my bonus keep up
the great work we love it Gina and the
PR team all over Brodus oh you guys
Thank You Gina this will look so let me
on a bar cart I like right there's a
pink one look at this there's something
in it only there's something in it
though oh my gosh is that bar mom bombs
if it's her
oh my brother it smells so good it
smells like sweets wow that's so cute
what a lovely looking ala she's like Oh
what is it hangover tree this is heavy a
proper candle pink pepper and ginseng oh
my god thank you oh my sir
come on take just one flippin that's me
and you oh it's me yay that's so cute
what just go up or a blanket day oh my
god
I love it what did you actually buy from
there or can you not say sister it's
Christmas presents for me and if you're
watching this and you back package up my
package don't go telling anyone what I
bought for anyone so you look like a
nutter that slop and everything on
Lyle is that enough she's going to sleep
you tired I want to do a little chatty
segment in today's vlog so I just um
turn some turn some lights on and I just
asked you guys on Twitter because I've
done videos before talking about what I
talked about how to make friends how to
be happy in yourself how to be confident
in yourself and things like this and I'd
love to just bring these kind of topics
up in these blogs and just talk about
them because I want you to know that if
you're going through a hard time or
you're feeling a certain way you're not
alone there are millions and millions or
billions of people that are feeling the
exact same way as you even if you don't
tell anyone and you feel like you're the
only one you are not the only one I can
assure you of that
and.and I just like to give a little bit
of advice I like to bring up the
discussion so that you guys you always
have great comments down below whenever
I talk about meaningful topics it
creates such a nice like community chat
down below in the comments so feel free
to join into the comments obviously be
consider about what other people are
saying and stuff don't know what I'm
going to talk about today I've just
tweeted saying what did I say let me
find it I wanna have a little chatty
such advice segment in today's vlog
anything in particular you'd like me to
talk about and just kind of a mentions
now you're in the public eye Alfie and
it must be hard to always feel that you
are being judged that is a great
question Jennifer absolutely great
question you're right I am constantly
judged my every single move obviously by
putting myself out there put myself
online and millions of you guys watching
these videos it's hard to talk about how
to deal with being judge because
everybody deals with it in their own way
some people obviously get much more
effective than others some people say
that they're not getting affected and do
get affected it's quite a personal thing
to be able to be whether that's just
yourself in school and somebody else
doesn't like what you're doing and they
judge you or you're friends with a
certain group of people or individual
and people judge you for being friends
with that person this is the thing that
sucks about the human race people like
to judge like I don't even know the best
way to put it would just be like this
simple quite by-the-book that don't
judge a book by it's cover but people
sadly like to do that and it's hard it's
kind of what
people have just been brought up doing
it's not it just sadly is what it is
currently and people can learn to be
more accepting this up and that for sure
is what people should and will be doing
over time as things progress in this
earth I think the key to not be hurt by
other people judging you is to fully be
100% and this is easier said than done
this is a challenge in itself but the
key I believe is to fully love yourself
and accept yourself because if somebody
was to insult you about something that
you're okay with and you're fully happy
with then it's going to be a lot harder
for that to hit you it's a blip in hard
top it you know because people think
that other people are so strong and
don't get affected but nobody really
knows what anybody else is thinking at
anytime there could be the most popular
handsome sexy six-pack ripped muscular
amazing looking guy amazing personality
in your skull and everybody loves
everything about him every girl fancies
him every boy fancies him it just he's
amazing that's what everyone thinks of
him but he may not like the way that he
looks he might say that he likes the way
that he looks he may act like he likes
the way that he looks but deep inside
never getting me things that that boy
doesn't like about himself just like
they were gonna be things that you don't
like about yourself and things that I
don't like about myself and I think the
first step to overcoming judgement is
number one for everybody is human race
to be less judgmental that's got to
happen that gradually is happening and
then step number two which is kind of
got to be happened in the same time as
step number one I believe is that people
have got to learn to love themselves and
that again like I said doesn't happen
quickly doesn't happen overnight isn't
often easy but it's something that as
you grow and as you mature you learn to
love yourself because you do because why
wouldn't you want to love yourself you
are yourself everyone should love
themselves dyes are hard topping and
that has taken up a lot of this vlog I
thought that's going to be like a two
minute answer that was a long answer I'm
sorry
comment down below what you guys think
about the topic as well let me know but
I'm going to answer one quick more
question one quick more one more quick
one more quick question tons of your
tweeting hash tag we're proud of our
feed
just manda me thank you very much guys
that is lovely how to deal with stress
there was a quote in a book actually
that I love but my book is upstairs and
Zoe's in a meeting upset so I can't go
and get it now
stress is a hard one because I you know
the stuff that was happening with my
chest when I when I had all my scans on
my checks and everything after all of
the pain that I was going through and I
had like cameras down my throat biopsies
taken all with these issues that I had
last year of my chest it turned out that
that apparently from the doctors and I
do believe it because the doctors was
stress that's mad that lack level of
stress I didn't even know I was sure I
did not even think I was stressed like I
knew that obviously I'm busy with what I
do but I did not know I was that
stressed that I was causing myself like
really bad acid reflux and really bad
chest pains and stuff like that just
because it's a stress it's crazy
stress can cause so many things like
even physical things that you don't even
realize like physical pain from being
stressed and I can only speak on behalf
of myself but I think there's got to be
a point where you have to start saying
no to things in life whether that's
going out clubbing or that night that
you didn't want to go but you said yes
because your friends were more working
that extra shift because you wanted the
money even though you should have really
you knew that you should have said no
staying up all night to get that
homework done just in case you got told
up the next day like there's only so far
that you can push yourself that's
actually worth it and if you push
yourself beyond that line if you push
yourself past that boundary it's just
counterproductive because you're not
going to be as efficient and get the
work done as well as you wanted to do it
you're not going to have as much fun
you're going to be like tired depending
what you're doing
you could cause yourself like pain but
it's but it is hard at the time to even
realize that that is happening because
like I said when I got diagnosed from
stress her in my chest and everything
genuinely didn't even know that I was
stressed looking back on it I was
working on a lot a lot a lot of
different things at the time so I can
see and I just would work constantly
constantly constantly constantly go to
bed at 4 a.m. I wake up really early and
stuff like that but but when you're in
the mindset when you're stressed you
don't realize that you're stressed so I
think the first so then recognizing that
you're stressed and then taking all the
steps and measures possible
try and make yourself not stressed is
vital even if that means missing out on
things or losing out on things it's
better to help yourself then get to far
and then have to deal with issues this
vlog has got incredibly deep I'm so
sorry I didn't mean it to get deep I
just wanted a little chat with you guys
and let's carry on with nice lovely vlog
pop-ins you're new here and is he look
what they're doing
do these my friends baby so if you're
watching this look away oh yeah I don't
think your friends gonna watch my video
as always just want to have friends
babies how is it baby that's what I came
down and these guys were just like
pretending to cuddle the ladies Bobby
had it on papi had two of the day papi
had two of them on her belly going I
want two not one
I'm sorry you guys yeah obvious I
worried so pop getting out quick is in
push yeah ken's Canada that one's so
cute the stripy one yeah I thought you
dropped indeed oh no boy look at that
like nice a baby fits in that doesn't
that scary stuff smaller than Allah
where is Nala oh you got your toys
everyone Mingo over you're my little
baby you're my baby
Shaun I'm worried man this has gone too
far
lets you like this Oh take him take a
note is he Oh No yeah oh is vomit silly
baby what beautiful green eyes it has
there what should be fatherís green
eyes we've had an extremely long night
super busy night full of friends and
family as well but I didn't really vlog
it because I wanted to just hang out
with them and not stick a camera in
everyone's face we had my sister here
she won here who both still here staying
over tonight
obviously Zoe and Nala myself my friend
Holly you all know my friend Jesse some
of you might know
my cousin Izzy some of you might know
and also a friend of mine who's also
Papi's friend as well called papi I
don't know you guys might sit in videos
before that was visiting that we ended
up playing the game this one hot seat I
played it in main light in my other
channel my main channel videos before
with Zowie Tanya Jim kind of Joe say did
I play someone else as well like a
play-doh some other youtubers as well I
don't know anyways we played that we
played a load of other games who watch
some film as we watch super bad we
watched first dates and it's now like
quarter past twelve and I have
absolutely knackered though is the last
one proper awake and she's still eating
beets how you still eat in quarter past
twelve I'm not so tired so tired guys I
think I'm just going to end the vlog
down here but then getting into bed you
guys got any messages you want to say to
everyone it's a peace up a-town
doo-doo-doo-doo thanks do too don't
forget to subscribe like actually I do
have something I wanted to say to you
guys there's a button next that I think
it's next to the subscribe button it's
like a bell shape and it basically
notifies you like if you subscribe you
get told when I upload like some videos
but I don't think you get told every
single video I don't know why I've just
heard some news that apparently if you
press the bell button next to the
subscribe it turns on like notifications
I'll put an image on the screen now and
it basically means every single time I
upload one of these vlogs you will
actually be notified so that you won't
miss one so please go down below hit
that button do it right now subscribe if
you're not ready but hit that button
guys give the video thumbs up your
challenge on today's blog how many
thumbs up Sean
five hundred thousand iPhone five
hundred dollars not like this but you
know we should do tomorrow my spa
challenge ice bath challenge let's do it
for my other channel what you mean
you're not busy not in the morning I'll
go buy the ice super early yeah you're
doing it like soon this week this week
papi is saying she's gonna do the ice
bath challenge you guys know that when I
did the video of Zoey and papi on my
other YouTube channel the video is
called girlfriend ver sister or sister
verse girl I think it's governed by
sister and I said if the video gets
300,000 thumbs up papi said she'd do the
ice bath challenge and the videos got
like 400,000 thumbs up so she's gonna do
it soon she said this week we're gonna
do it in the vlogs for fee it's going to
do the ice bath challenge thumbs up if
you excited guys I'll catch you in the
morning
good night
what's going on oh just nice scarf you
got there stretching mornin Oh
