what's going on oh just nice scarf you
got there morning Oh ask her if she
wants her I'm going down to get my
breakfast good morning guys good morning
good morning my friends how are you
doing
hope you're having a lovely day I've
just finished a gym session absolutely
smashed it it was a bloomin hard one
today man so so hard not to put it down
on the vlog but I had a really really
sad story on the radio today and you
guys know that I love to promote safe
driving and you guys know that I work
closely of dart line heard a story today
where a guy was I'm guessing it was on
the motorway so stupid on his phone that
is illegal in this country crashed and
killed I think it was the parent and
three children
it was either three or four people and I
just want to urge you guys that a simple
little thing like checking a text
ringing a friend Facebook messaging
somebody snapchat in don't do it guys
it's so dangerous definitely going to be
one of these so today's blog is a
challenge I'm going to explain when I
get home but I need to pick up some
ingredients to make the challenge
possible and I just want to point out
before you start thinking like why you
bind that this weird stuff this was not
me somebody else has challenged me all
will be revealed when I get home just
find some sushi bottled sauces I think
this is going to be where one of the
ingredients are although I've never had
it before so I don't actually know I'm
looking for something called sriracha
sauce sriracha sriracha
Oh No here it is
sriracha hot chili sauce oh geez what am
i doing smooth peanut butter perfect
thank you so much amazing that's great
and I'm actually gonna get Zoey a nice
pizza you'll see what I mean later on
last of all we need some free-range eggs
thank you have a lovely evening
so you're probably thinking Alfie what
the bloomin hell is going on what is
happening why are you shopping for this
weird ingredients and why you starting
your vlog so late and I kind of wish
that I wasn't going to tell you but that
is the entire point of this video I
started this blog super super late just
because I was busy today that does it
there's no other excuse I was super busy
today and didn't get a chance to start
the vlog earlier now if you know me you
know that I like to just do stupid
challenges and stupid things in my
videos like the other day I stayed in a
trampoline park
I hid overnight a couple of weeks ago I
made a 16 kilogram solid chocolate
pumpkin like a proper full-size pumpkin
out of solid chocolate and a friend of
mine called David who makes YouTube
videos he also likes to do tons of crazy
stupid challenges he tweeted the other
day saying how much he likes pizza and I
treated him like YUM I've got an idea
let's mess about I've got something fun
I'm gonna DM you and let's make it
happen
earlier on I sent David a video of me
giving him three toppings that he has to
put on top of his pizza and has to eat
minimum of one slice in his video now
the toppings that I chose I did go
pretty bad I said tuna sweet corn and
Nutella he's going to be mixing
chocolate and fish on a pizza and he
fired back with a video himself
challenging me with three toppings that
I have to put on a piece of today
and eat minimum one slice all right now
fee are you ready because this is sort
of me the weirdest Pizza combination
you've ever shot in your life for your
pizza toppings I challenge you to use
scrambled eggs peanut butter and last
but not least c'mon
sriracha and I know you've never had
this but it's my absolute favorite sauce
in the world so I want you to go hard go
in on this all right okay maybe don't
use that much good luck I'm just gonna
die like oh and I don't even know I'm
speechless I know how much David loves
this sauce so I'm just gonna have to go
in I'm gonna go crazy I'm gonna put so
much of this blooming sauce on this
pizza you're not even gonna believe and
to make it even harder because I didn't
want it to be delicious in any way shape
or form for myself I didn't even get a
pizza to put it on I've got a pizza base
so I'm literally gonna cook this pizza
base there's no cheese there is no
tomato there is just peanut butter
sriracha and scrambled eggs this is
basically a blooming piece of bread
that's hardly even like a pizza base I
ripped up the box so much of committees
read it this just looks good doesn't it
what a delicious pizza what do you think
are you going to eat some of the pizza
once it's done yeah are you going to eat
some of the pizza once it's done how
about you join to eat some we've got
seven minutes left of the pizza base to
cook so I thought I'd start on the
scrambled egg just cooking this up at
the moment it's ready it's ready
I mean it doesn't look that gray as you
saw in our shopping earlier guys tonight
Zoey wants a pizza for dinner so what I
was buying all my delicious challenge
Pizza ingredients so each one of these
wood-fired buffalo mozzarella sun-soaked
tomato pizza that looks delicious and
only takes seven to nine minutes to cook
zoey is literally winning look at that
it's time to actually make this creation
so we've got the pizza base here nice
it's literally like rock solid like
listen we're going to start off by
putting some peanut butter oh look at
this this is my favorite bit we are
going in on this Pizza David I hope
you're also going in on your pizza let's
just not even knife let's just spoon it
straight on this isn't even going to
taste good because it's got no cheese or
tomato on it we need another big old
scoop look at that look at the size of
that I really wish I just got a pizza of
actual cheese in tomato now because then
it would have somewhat taste nice I
don't even like peanut butter this is
that looks pretty damn good to me
but I mean not good but like you get
what I mean
if I'm sick and I have to take some time
off of these daily vlogs please don't
blame me blame this and blame David the
sriracha the sriracha sauce I don't even
know if I'm saying though right Surya
so Raja let's do it let's just do it
need to open it up brand new never tried
before the things I do for you guys shut
up
Zoe's pizza's ready oh no did we say
pizza challenge
what a shame I might just have to switch
it out for this one I believe in wish I
could but it's not mine it's my
girlfriend's here go there's your pizza
I wanted that pizza guys that actually
look delicious I'm honestly scared of
this stuff oh no I don't know what I
thought is is that a lot that smells
like a lot to me if we're gonna do it we
may as well like just do it
I'm going to regret that so much this is
going to be weird for some of you but I
always use scissors to cut my beat up
it's just so much easier so much quicker
there's so much more efficient we're
going to cut a good-sized chunk okay so
I have to eat at least one piece that is
the challenge let's just bloom and do it
one why am I doing this why do I do this
to myself whoa yeah okay guys hot oh my
gosh
oh my god David ma'am that's not cool
whoa oh wait no no drip a whole white
side of my tongue is numb like it's gone
it's gone well they all challenges no
fade in here on this channel this peanut
butter is rank come on oh my god ha ha
ha whoa a dinner what's worse the
sriracha or the sriracha mixed with
peanut butter no water no until I finish
look how much is on there the very last
piece if I do this look how much bloomin
sriracha is on that you need to smash
the thumbs up button down bite
let's just do it let's double up let's
but Oh mmm that's gonna take my head off
that's literally gonna kill me subscribe
if you're not already before I die oh my
god well no my cheeks of whirl
oh my god my tongue my tongue my tongue
come on my nose is running
oh my gosh that was right I feel like I
need to go and lie down for a bit I'm
used to doing stupid stuff in my videos
but numbed in chocolate it's been a slow
last half an hour should we say finish
the rest of these chocolates off I'm
gonna go upstairs catch an early night
Lackey's not even that early it's like
half past 11:00 but before I do I just
want to say thank you so much for all of
the sport recently up and reading
through all your comments for like the
last half an hour on my videos and the
love is just unreal like actually on
or even the tweets the Facebook comments
Instagram everything you guys are so
loyal so dedicated and it's awesome so
honestly I know I say a lot but thank
you so much as I said to you earlier on
in the vlog as well my friend David has
also done the pizza challenge he did
different toppings that I got to choose
so I'm going to leave his link down
below I want it I want to challenge you
guys I'm gonna set another new challenge
I want that video of his to be the most
thumbs up video he's got on that channel
like ever the most thumbs up video he's
got go on his video down below smash the
thumbs up but I want to get it like a
hundred thousand thumbs up two hundred
thousand thumbs up we need to show him
some love go check out other videos as
well I know you guys are gonna dig them
I know you're gonna love them they're
stupid they're fun they're crazy and
he's a lovely guy I'm gonna end my vlog
down here rather than going upstairs
waking up Zoey waking up Nala and
talking to you guys as always go down
below smash the thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already the button is down
there it's free I upload videos on this
channel every single day at 5 p.m. UK
time they're stupid they're silly
they're crazy they're a bit of fun you
get to hang out with myself every single
day my family my friends my girlfriend
my dog and just come along in the
journey of my life I will see you
tomorrow guys good night
let me see no no oh my god guys the most
ridiculous outfit I've ever seen on a
dog
