whatever insane naughty this morning you
been say bark yeven yay and say good
morning to everyone come on in hello hey
you look like a bat you look like a
little bat
sit down no no that's exactly I was
talking about hey how's it going okay
busy come here come here come and say
good bye she doesn't care oh Missy
see you later she in a couple of days
hi it is real listen talk about the
other day
seal it fuzzy boy she'll a dog is not
work it hold it down hold it down hey
it's working
what did you want to tell the vlog tell
him whatever you want
go on tell him oh my gosh pop he has
this thing where she pretends she gets
travel sick which she does not get
travel sick so that she has to sit in
the front whenever we on a long journey
it's not true she's made it up she
persuaded me again today to let her sit
in the front so I'm squished up in the
back of my own car
6 foot 2 tall like this then I saw good
with everyone just go down in the
comments
and say a life alfea's poem sure tried
to get the same jacket as me and they
didn't have in his size and he was so
gotten and it's flip reverse you can
wear it inside out as well hey let me
know if you like it the comments guys
sure Milly once said they didn't up in
his size got it literally got it all so
you're filling up my car cheers bro are
you paying for it as well cheers bro
thank you man yeah cheers thank you so
well guys have fun see you later
you taking my jacket I'll see you I'll
see ya
I feel like I haven't even started the
vlog yet so good morning guys good
morning hater and hope you're having a
lovely day a lot has happened this
morning we woke up obviously had a
shower got ready everything like that
drove over to my parents house drop
nodded off there jumped in the car Oh
poppy and Shaun came over as well jumped
in the car drove three hours to
Wiltshire which is where we are now over
the next couple of days Zoe and I are
hanging out one of her family and Joe's
family and stuff and having a couple of
like Christmassy days with grandparents
and dads and moms and stuff well not
multiple deaths they only have one dad
and one mum but you get what I'm saying
I'm now at the air B&B you don't have
for dad yes the others have all gone off
for a day to a party that they go into
and Joe's just driven up and joined me
for the day vlog just in sit down is way
I'll give you a proper tour in a second
I was going to show you my laptop I'm
trying to upload the vlog for tonight
and it's currently on camera zoomed in
my vlog Internet's currently saying -
not ours which isn't good because it's
already like someone don't really have
to in our house - it needs to go up
anyways I want to give you guys a quick
tour the Airbnb they were straining sit
at you Joe you give them a tour it's so
good you haven't see it as well so you
show us show us around
TV or watch this film considerately put
yourself in if you you know look there's
a little table here where you eat food
especially these things are blood gore
is Wi-Fi code they're very important
obscene you block the board is smashed
hard for these it's the kitchen area
it's very pointed weapon to you rather
than their beds have any but neither
there gives me in truth I mean I paved
got the stairway to heaven or help dunno
some who got that Joe subside staircase
up here's where I'm staying
oh wow is where you're staying
business stick up here this is nice this
channel please spin as well
oh no yep yes doesn't I bet it does my
other one about this bit they round area
or my room nice that would chair there
for me in here you've got I'm guessing
it's the master bedroom you got watch
out there here if you're tall like happy
you are Jesus look at those tippy toes
here that then you've got a nice deep
bar it's always stay in here and this
place has two bedrooms but this other
bedroom isn't actually being used the
other bedrooms sick as well as you comes
through here you've got little ensuite
there so far nice little boat window and
then a chilled little bed in bed
this seat is the most important seat in
the house and if you're asking me why
because the Wi-Fi box was there - you're
the closest to the good Internet
well I mean I say good internet not good
internet but the Internet oh he's
locking up even shut this little door
look what Jose brought with them guys I
don't know if this is good or not this
is gonna make me want one even more than
why bro this is gonna make me want an RA
even more than I already do we've
realized that this is probably the worst
time to come to Bath which is also one
of the like you know no I'm not as in
bad like that but just as in china shop
it's gonna be incredibly busy bar these
are like the point
try again sometime you need to get that
I've done we're on a mission and the top
of my blog and stretch the Apple store
but we also understand that is going
crazy busy
bro it's everyday everyday I can't film
what Joe is by in the local he's just
bloody put on TV login super low and
secretive finally managed is it so that
Hawk injured bizarre that's the one
Hawkins desires my favorite shot
although we can't go there now because
no to open for ourselves have shot for
other people finally managed to get the
blog art be is 21 minutes late today
but just slow internet out here in the
countryside you know alright we're now
just head into another shop that I also
can't really film in too much because it
will eat presents for V border that
Joe's buying you just got to stick with
us during this shopping period it's
that's the one for Zoey bug pizza step
one mix the day need the valve add
tomato sauce and mealworms set for baked
I will do that cheap I asked its knife I
need a real Titan sure we get it
Joe's found a fake egg check this
knockoff Tamagotchi somewhere many of
these key papers look bags
where are those things that go here they
are these things these are my favorite
they've definitely got those things they
definitely have just bought some goodies
guys some good stuff for the vlogs Joe
sugg pizza medium quinoa salad with
chicken some extra medium chicken thighs
thanks so much that's perfect
so we just sat down Fernando's without
halfway through but I completely forgot
to show you this little thing that I
bought this bracelet on the counter that
says every bracelet that is for the to
bet beads represent the two lives that
you've helped protect from malaria
that's also what sizes you yeah you've
got a medium I've got them in small it's
like it's like a joke around with brick
only it's got a switch Mike it looks so
awesome it's quiet now literally like an
hour later it's like dead celebra
you're like five seconds Oh Oh flip my
neck I've seen way too many Indian Jones
gnomes
there we go Oh blue minute why have you
got such a big bag with you because
obviously there's no boot in this car is
the boots the bloomin engine
yeah I'll put the shoes down by me it's
not a posture band
No
it's not any of it look we had a little
jig rearrange the goods but the good
thing is that we've got the car cleaned
it's definitely not still incredibly
dirty this is how loud is a startup
the fire may have may have gone out and
gone a bit smoky those baked vines look
oh bro look at the top so I just
open it no more wine oh we went from
America don't you worry
I managed to get the fire going it's all
good I swear half the time I try and
like a log burner to heat the place up
because it's cold and not smoking the
place out and then having to open the
door and therefore making it even colder
than it originally was before I started
to like them or your blog literally just
made me think there was like an eagle
flying past or something I was like
played the noise again literally that
just played whilst I was in the kitchen
and I was like what the heck was that in
the net and proper in the countryside
now just make myself a little cup of tea
warm me up you know it's not often I
drink tea anymore but when I was younger
I used to drink tea all the time that
was my go-to drink and then about a year
ago I forced myself to start life and
coffee by drinking coffee every day
because I wanted to like coffee what it
is every day bro and now and now because
of that don't need ring much t want to
get back into more drinking more tea
interesting story
great vlog content out late nice rond
drop your spoon
yeah this is the combo or cup of tea and
some fruit Shortcake's defies proper
going for right now yeah only one when
we were in town I found these in a
little shop fun snaps that I've not seen
since I was like 12 years old is yours
did you ever do them in your fingers you
know what this is using your fingers
though because now I can tell this is
the kind of thing that you're going to
be T scared today yeah go and do it
no it doesn't hurt it doesn't know I try
to see if you'll do it first if you
trust me wait do it just like that rub
it between your fingers well it does
trust me no you're like 27 years old and
why not just do that
god I want to see if you see no God do
it hard no Joe there ya go I just do it
happy you too scared just do it really
hard go go really hard
you're not hard go on when you're
younger oh my god is so scary
it doesn't hurt at all but it is bloody
scary look it's the flash it's the flash
as well that gets me what's this I find
it
yeah and you tell my blooming hood down
forgive me friend that ass you had go
throwing your head wait yeah
oh my god here another one do another
one in your fingers George gonna try and
throw it in the air and header it and
see if it does it just who's that Oh on
your head oh my god on my laptop don't
worry guys this doesn't actually damage
anything it just leaves the little bits
of paper everywhere so we'll just pick
them up something else that I bought
today what Marie this hoodie it looks
like I'm wearing a skirt in the video
Achilles berm nice or blanket I bought
some thumb chucks control the roll don't
ask me why we're in a hotel no we're not
in a hotel we're in an air B&B with not
much to do so I bought some gadgets this
shot is well away things are tasty
alby's so hey that was eight quid so
testicle weights comes over then you
capture I mean I also bought Zoe your
present from here but I'm not gonna show
you what it is cuz that's for her up and
coming to tomorrow
this is so good guys that I bought oh
wait comment down below if you have one
of these when you were younger just so
that they just extends it comes back let
me hit you on the head
what are we doing bro we're literally in
an air B&B we're both like 24 2000 do
you 25 we do it listen make myself some
toast even though you have dinner
literally like an hour or so though I'm
already hunger again
and I was so fill up after that Nando's
I was like uncomfortably full Chow man
see you later you between both the doors
see it why see in the morning at some
point let me see oh yeah
see you later bro oh my feet are so wet
now are you kidding me yeah see you
later
no my feet are soaking wet now I'm gonna
take my socks off I can dry them by the
fire
Joe's just headed off back he's staying
at his dad's hanging my socks out by the
fire to dry yeah it's just me and you
guys now he's always still out Joe's hit
it off back to his dad's although I
don't trust him I feel lucky is like
outside or hide although I literally no
I just said to my gun ride don't trust
him he's gonna be outside hiding Sinemet
I can tell when you leave because I'll
hear your car no you're not
he's not that's so weird I literally
just said although I don't trust him
and then he's to say he's over that side
yeah what are you doing he's in his car
I still don't cha ok I can hear his car
just locked the door and I'm getting
under the duvet on the sofa
although I probably could just go into
one of the beds we've got two beds here
but this is the coziest by the fire time
to just chill on my laptop yeah it's a
bit later on in the evening I just got
undressed got my wash bag and then do my
teeth I've had a bath and moisturizer on
my face and everything like that
especially because if you've been
watching the vlogs reason you'll know
that I've got this like random red washy
stuff in my beard here and I think
moisturizing it is really helping
something a moisturizer with my face up
and everything do my teeth put my braces
in and then head sleep so I hope you
enjoyed the vlog if he did give it a
thumbs up tomorrow we're gonna explore
around all the local areas were so enjoy
were brought up when they were younger
subscribe if you're not already linked
down below to my merchandise if you want
to grab some it's a blooming week away
from Christmas and on my pretty I'm
talking everything I can actually got on
the president's ordered a week in
advance which is actually I actually
know there is three or four small
stocking presents that I haven't got
attaching the warning connect as well
actually just before the plug ins let's
see how many thumbs up this video can
get I can no I challenge you guys quite
a lot but let's see if this video can
get like 25,000 thumbs up so go down
below give it a like if you pop the LBW
club show me you're part of the club
