cheers man cheers geez thanks for coming
down
it's make we made it Zoe's bought a lot
of Christmasy things including mince
pies it is November the 1st so I kind of
can't complain because it is November
which means it's like getting into
Christmas but she's also bought tons of
different dog
outfits like clothes for Nala Oh Mike
your oh my gosh oh let me see
no no oh my god guys the most ridiculous
outfit I've ever seen on a dog she loves
it she's so tired oh you're so cute
she's gonna wear this one on Christmas
Day she's gonna be like Merry Christmas
this is your prison
I said how cute would it be if you got a
puppy for Christmas I was about to say
imagine if you bought somebody a pug and
you gave them it dressed up as a present
oh yeah so yeah she's absolutely
knackered from spending all of yesterday
evening playing with buzz they played
together from like four o'clock up until
about ten o'clock in the evening no naps
you guys no pugs like to sleep a lot
they literally played and chased each
other for like six hours non-stop I
still haven't even started my vlog yet
today the Zoey keeps him walking over
and being like join the vlog that I'll
be doing a vlog des so I'm guessing
she's got something that she's just
bought that's Christmassy okay so I got
these for us Hey
because I know how much you love your
hot chocolate oh my gosh yeah my gosh
they're massive this is gonna be your
giant DIY Christmas pudding don't people
are gonna want that ha ha ha this is you
dry on our own no they're cute aren't
they yeah I was like I think Abby's
gonna hate them or love them no I like
it cuz I can make a massive hot
chocolate or a big cup of tea like we
don't really have big mugs we've got
let's move up mm-hm
it's so little perfect tiger like one
pound fifty awesome look how cute this
is
so he's just working at the moment and
is asleep like this every now and then
I'll be like I need a sharpie and I'm
just like go get the Sharpie roll around
yes oh you're so cute
you're the best doggy she's just rolling
around chillin in the chair to go hello
hahaha she's not sure hey this could be
the guy no no no no this is amazing
that's what we want right we got a big
assortment of batteries and lights ready
yeah I'm ready this is the one right we
don't know what ones to go for we've
been given a little booklet we need to
go for the ultimate display finale
firework its celebrate two for a hundred
pounds we're not gonna get to celebrate
the start of this again
exactly it says you have to stand 25
meters away we're not gonna be able to
get 5 meters away from the trees it's
probably a bit much we don't want to set
the whole forest on fire
this one's 8 meters which is a lot more
reasonable and that's for kids and stuff
so I come up boom we're ready for a
funny day before there was five rockets
in here in about 25 it's gonna be mad
man I've no idea what to expect guys
imagine this went off now my head would
just be gone it is so dark out there I
can't see anything here we go then May
if you didn't come tonight all I had was
this on my iPhone so you saved my bacon
royally good evening guys good evening
as you can tell this is not gonna be a
normal vlog we are currently in the
middle of my friend Dave's land we've
been here before when we all went and
bought his his tiny home back when it is
on like a farmer's land I'll put a clip
in now so you guys can see that
I'm the Christmas lights look at that
house oh yeah it's got lights on there
this is my new home is it open yeah go
on in I've got there is a full settings
for it this is a bit this don't be
giving white door oh yeah yeah
wait did you build this a bill that yeah
all we've got lighting this up is my
iPhone and that tour this is a little
bottle as though he gave me for us to
celebrate oh no I did run out oh my gosh
your iPhone my phone's gone Oh No
I've got bye I'll see you in the heart
you guys are probably watching this vlog
thinking what the bloomin Ellie you
doing Alfie we're even are you all will
be revealed in a minute
man this looks so sick I'm currently
attempting to unscrew a screw on a light
bulb with some tweezers
this is where my night's gone and the
vlog is only just begun
you guys aren't even ready first cut of
the evening trying to open this we don't
have a screwdriver that fits in here so
I tried to open it with this penknife
silly silly bandaged it up with some
toilet paper and sellotape looking good
man got a light bowl time to light the
fire
let's get a go have you got guitar here
tomorrow I'm bringing it tomorrow
tomorrow next time think this is going
alright you know yeah
now we've got the lights up and running
we've got the fire going got my finger
car dish here where we are this is
Dave's house this is my new house this
is starting tonight your house I've not
slept there yet so this is like the
first night and this month I'm doing all
month are you yeah like it's like a text
I'm I'm scared man Wow
so I face with message driverless and
when can I next come and see the place
when connects come oh my gosh that is
smokin when can I get to come over and
Dave message about like the first time
I'm staying over is tonight as I'm
coming man we need to celebrate your
first night here let's get some
fireworks let's get a little bottle of
champagne let's have a good time
absolutely and that's exactly what we're
doing everybody I swear you've got the
ocean Ken or something under that this
is going to be my very first time trying
out an axe I've got my finger with a
bloomin penknife so I'm sorry mum she
mom's gonna be watching this light what
are you doing
straight there yeah you got it BAM in
one yeah so sick isn't it yeah it looks
cool it's cool man do you ever leave it
like that
yeah hood up and keep my oh my gosh this
fire is getting out of hand
look at this let me show you guys inside
here in case you missed the last video
when we came to see this bad boy give
them a quick you've got 20 second tour
so this is the scene area but currently
my bed because I like the space and then
we got the wood burner which are going
to make my hot water and keep the place
warm it heats up in about 10 minutes as
a double bed up here you've got a single
bed and then the kitchen area so chance
for some drinks cooking area etc etc so
then then the bathroom through their
toilet and shower and stuff so yeah
perfect I got some toothpaste and
toothbrushes for people when they come
visit and then yeah boom Zoe gave Dave a
little bottle of champagne earlier I got
Sir
out to do it thanks Zoe - Zoe this is
good celebration cheers man cheers guys
thanks for coming down it's make we made
it is it this is it
this is your first night is it a month
since we went down and bought it
checking maybe a month but it's been a
long month when we've done it cheers man
I didn't manage to catch you on camera
but we just had somebody drive past get
out of their car and you can see they're
not tiny in the distance through the
woods and being like boy what are you
doing what are you doing in there
thinking that we're just because
obviously they can't see the hut they
can only see the fire mmm thinking the
Dave and I just like random people here
having a fire and we tried to like speak
back to them Dave was like I know this
is my land and then another car came
behind them and like push them to go on
kind of thing so um what's your theory
what's going to happen well no one's
seen anyone do anything on this forest
for a long long long time like 34 years
so I reckon he's going to come back I
think he thinks I'm a traveler I think
he's going to come back with like a
weapon or a gun or something and protect
themselves I think he's going to think
something's going down but it'll be good
he'll be fine well-well trying get on
camera if they come back with a gun or
something because when we say gun I mean
like shotgun air rifle kind of like
farmer kind of weapons just to protect
them whilst they think somebody's
starting a fire on the land
I wasn't like he wasn't out to get us he
just is a concerned neighbor thinking
was living on the land yeah clear was
quite scary because he could be coming
out of a gun can I see you happens if he
comes back
this camera is coming straight out don't
you worry if we do these fireworks now
yeah are we gonna get every single
neighbor coming here with shotguns but
maybe they'll think we've got massive
shotgun I mean they might stay away that
call could come back up we fire the
fireworks and is like oh god yeah we
need to go need to fix it to a solid
post now I think that's Lion bow and
you'll see I don't know whether this is
the best or the most stupid idea we've
ever had only time will tell
don't blame this on me is that someone
yeah hello
you gonna go up there's someone here we
can say light in the distance what the
hell is going on is it on the land I'll
be yeah I think about on the lambo we
have no idea what's going on whew oh my
gosh bro what is that light
I know so we're gonna leave the light on
in here we're gonna lock up the heart
I'm gonna go and find out what that
light is yeah because when I go home now
tonight you know when you left for that
light or not know what it is man no I
think everyone gets a bit Spoony at
Halloween as well don't they so there's
no clowns out here I need to know that
look if I walk here can you see that
little light it's pitch-black
other than that bro if you brought me
here to prank me like Louie's hiding or
something I will kill you we're getting
the car out to go and explore we'll back
up the car we found out honestly that
was the scariest thing both of us as
Dave said were pranking out pretty
nervous but we found out it was the
light because it's so pitch-black
because there's no light pollution out
here we found out that it was in fact
the neighbor's house yeah I didn't know
you could see it and that neighbor
doesn't know that Dave had this land yet
he's yet to introduce himself so I
reckon that was the neighbor who shouted
us he was driving past every right to be
concerned so I'll go round tomorrow
morning with a can of Pellegrino San
Pellegrino and say hello neighbor
hello I believe you saw be able to fire
last night and then you scared me
I mean I thought you were a killer Klown
is this a good idea well we might is
this not because the neighbors still
doesn't know us we now know it's them
but they don't know that we're here
we're not doing anything wrong and I
will go tomorrow to talk to them they
probably not used to any noise up here
are they any noise at all and this is
the ultimate boom they've currently
called in the neighbors he's just
googled their number yeah and he's going
to try and tell them that we're here and
we wanna set off some fireworks
I don't know if they're going to answer
but I can't go around there at night and
just knock on though though I think I
would scare them I'm going to leave a
message if they don't answer just so
they can quick it up anytime I want to
do it so badly but because I think
that's not going to help your situation
they're going to come running straight
over thinking what the bloomin L is
going on I think they might get scared
because they probably um heard a noise
down this alleyway fir and we can still
save them for another time
oh yeah oh we're doing it there's no
doubt we're doing it we've got ultimate
boons yeah they're going to be done yeah
let us know in the comments down below
smash a thumbs up if you're excited I'm
gonna going to beat them tomorrow yeah
we don't need eleven oh yeah we're just
checking up at the heart that I've got
everything Oh like a year see you later
bro guys I'm getting in the taxi heading
back to it's nearly half past 11:00 and
I promise to Zoe know my jeans are so
muddy I promised Zoe that I'll be back
here by nine o'clock I wanted to do the
fireworks so bad tonight guys I'm
honestly so sorry that we didn't get to
do them I'm just as gutted as you guys
but we would have literally had
neighbors come round with blooming
shotguns if we'd set that off so Dave
drove me to a local pub so that I could
get taxi back to Brighton and when we
were in the pub we were talking about
Dave's neighbors because the people who
owned the pub because it's kind of like
a community vibe over there the people
that own the pub knew the people that
live next door to Dave and they are
honestly like I'm not joking now I
promise they said if you'd set those
fireworks off a hundred percent the
whole family would have come out with
guns that would all come around with
their shotguns to check that everything
was going okay so I am so glad that we
didn't set those fireworks off I'm going
to make a cheeky bowl of cereal I am so
hungry
if you're confused about today's vlog
because I know it was a little bit
different than usual basically my friend
Dave has got 25 acres of land I mean him
went to go and visit a shepherd's hut he
ended up buying it he's got it put on
the land
he'd built like a fire outside and so
over one time when it's like actually
point and sunny so that you guys can see
obviously today when I was there at
pitch black and it's living there from
now that's it this is his house it's
absolutely crazy there's no Wi-Fi
there's no even electricity there at the
moment that's why we went to ask them
but those little lights with batteries
and stuff it's the first night he's
sleeping that tonight and I wanted to go
over celebrate itself some fireworks
which unfortunately we can do but it
just it wouldn't have been the right
thing to do that late and without the
neighbors knowing I had such a lovely
evening it's really nice just really
good Church catching up I'm going to eat
this bowl of cereal down here and then
go upstairs guessing Nala and so it fast
asleep thank you so much for watching
this blog as I said I know is a little
bit different we're going back to normal
vlogs tomorrow if you enjoy the blog
guys please go down below smash the
thumbs up the support and the blogs
recently has been incredible so thank
you so much I will catch you tomorrow
good night guys
also I should probably grow a real
plaster on this books there's like blood
seeping through the tissue in the the
sellotape
