good morning guys good morning how you
doing it is such a beautiful day today
in Brighton and I wanted to switch the
vlog up a tiny bit and bring you to a
place where I kind of have my childhood
I'm currently in a park called Lakers
Park which is in Brighton it's near a
place called Fiveways if you're familiar
with Brighton I actually lived in the
house I don't know if you guys can see I
lived in which one was that
this one here one nine one Preston drove
for most of my like proper childhood I
moved there when I was four and I think
I lived there correct me if I'm wrong
mum or dad or poppy I think I lived
there for about eight or ten years and I
loved it this was this was my local park
Isle it used to just cross the road and
I was in the park and I could hang out
with my friends my parents friends I
don't know what I came here today I
think I've just been reminiscing you
know thinking back to our least my my
book the scrapbook of my life fairly
recently a few months ago and whilst
writing that book obviously it was just
going back through so many memories and
videos and photos and times with friends
and family growing up and a lot of those
moments a lot of those times were
created here in this very Park like this
tree here has been here my entire
childhood that particular tree man the
amount of times I climbed that tree when
I was younger man picnics picnics over
on those benches had so many great times
here guys I'm guessing we all have a
place while we spent a lot of our
childhood whether that was your garden
in your house or a local park like me or
your school fields or even just on your
Road like I still love a lot just
skateboarding out on my pavement like
the bit outside the house there these
houses I can't you can't see from here
but at the front of these houses they
have like a little walkway and then
stairs down to the road and that little
like strip I used to do so much
skateboarding on when I was younger
there's just been there's just been so
many great times in this park so
I wanted to start the vlog off here
today and just look back on and think
about how now different life is now I
come bloom in 23 I live with my
girlfriend and I have a dog
I can never expected any of that stuff
to happen like I mean I did I did think
I would have a girlfriend by the age of
23 while they growing up I did only have
one girlfriend when I was 15 for a year
I don't really oh my gosh now I'm seeing
so many things I even forgot about this
tree let me take you over to this tree
over here this used to be the best
climbing tree I think if I remember
correctly it was incredibly prickly like
it was a maybe a holly tree or something
but the view when you get there's even
better tree down there I'm gonna go
climb that one in a second with you guys
there was three trees in particular that
used to always climb in this part this
one here this one which is prickly but
amazing and this would be when me and my
friends Drew playing like hide-and-seek
and sir
I bet you they're still like the same
climbing routes now I bet gone mad oh my
gosh
the amount of times we used to climb
this one and get right to the top
although I think I'm a little bit bigger
now so it'd probably be probably be a
lot harder to climb that one because
it's so prickly my friends and I used to
hang out here every single day but
because it was so close to my family
house and also my other friends houses
all used to do this little jump all the
time we used to spend so much time here
even if it was raining we'd all come
down here and just mess about look at
those kids over there climbing that with
me that was me like ten years ago
this tree here we used to climb it still
very is still literally the same we used
to climb this tree up here sit at the
top and then have berry Wars would pick
all the berries this was probably quite
bad of us we'd pickle with the berries
off of here and then just throw them at
each other oh my gosh it still got the
exact same climbing bits where you would
stand and this one's wobbly yeah look I
don't know whether to climb it on
ah I feel like I need you just for old
times sake I'm going to switch I'm going
to switch up my hats and put on a cap
just because this one keeps on getting
stuck on all the branches I'm going to
try and climb the exact same route that
I used to climb well I'll I need both
hands when I was younger I don't know
why I'm more scared being up here now
than I ever have been in my life for
some reason my childhood I don't know
how to explain it when you're younger
you just don't know what scary and what
to fear and what not now being up here
I'm more scared than when I was like 15
and used to climb up here or maybe not
even 15 maybe when I was like 10 I
probably definitely wasn't 15 this is
the exact spot that I used to sit in and
look up here and all my friends and I be
playing football here and then I'll be
picking with the berries off this tree
and throwing them at people well not
just random people be throwing them at
my friends down below and they'll be
trying to climb the tree and I'd be
throwing varies at them man what I do to
go back in time to just have a day with
all of my friends here being like 10 10
years old oh there's a kid coming over
here now probably to climb the tree
that's me
I want you guys to go and find a spot
from when you were younger in your
childhood go back there for a little bit
of time and just sit there and take in
how time has changed whatever that's
literally a year two years ten years
whether you're an adult and you're
watching this and you're like 40 years
old go back to to a spot that you really
really vividly remember from your
childhood and just and just sit there
it's crazy
but this feels the exact same like
literally the same the only thing that's
different is everything around that is
everyone else this place hasn't changed
at all this is literally like stepping
back in time feel like I need to bring
some of my friends back here that are
used to
that I used to hang out with here all
the time
so cool it's time to go back to get back
into reality
see you soon breakers park now this
wasn't here when I was younger this
deborah costing cross road thing the
amount of times my family and I
petitioned to get a crossroad here for
the kids to be able to cross this big
road safely because this is a busy road
and the council said no and then as soon
as we move and we moved house they put
one in which I'm not bitter about
because yes it would have been better
for whilst I lived here to have to cross
the road more safely as a child but at
least they've done that and that took a
lot of effort from people like my
parents this was it one nine one this
was the house it's a skateboard along
here when I was younger we'd look for my
bedroom out and straight into the sea
that really has blown my mind how much
this place hasn't changed at all but how
much in my life has changed no you know
about to head over to my mum's the
Halloween and carrying a massive box of
other pumpkins that we made yesterday we
just got to mums now and we're
decorating this place for Halloween
because as you know our house our house
just wouldn't work for Halloween it
would be way too busy too many people
turning up and just not for the right
reasons so we've come over to Mom's
tonight for Halloween
we bought our pumpkins we've got tons of
decorations ello mate hello you've
already had one outfit on didn't you
we're gonna dress you up later
we're going to dress you up by Welsh do
we need spider no this camera's breaking
trying to upload my vlog from yesterday
mum and dad's internet I apologize for
yesterday's video being so late its end
42 minutes remaining and it's already 6
minutes late so if you're wondering why
yes those videos late that is why
anyways we're going to crack on with the
evening gonna have a fun positive
evening Georgie sweets you've got
computers yeah so mum and dad's Road
which isn't the house that I'll show you
earlier that's my old family house this
house now where they live has so many
people trick-or-treating every single
year like the area that they live in is
so community-based it's awesome so we've
gone to town with decoration and getting
treats
treefon fares with sweets in them that
looks sick what is their sweets in here
that's so good we see if I was a kid how
tempting would it be to just go like
this thank you very much just take a
handful I know see my favorite and I've
already stolen one don't tell mum she's
taking them away I do want to say this
this is my favorite white chocolate
buttons I want to save one of these
where can I hide it in your pocket op it
in my pocket
don't tell mum then what flavor these
are these would you take a lolly would
you no no way I take I'm more chocolate
I'm not really into it's Smarties white
chocolate buttons I would never go for
that
maybe this that's quite good one you
wouldn't go for one of these to see what
yeah maybe the suspense of not knowing
we shouldn't by tricking some of them
like straw or something yeah but these
kids some of them are like five years
old and they're like mom mummy I got a
sprout people one of these things for
awhile you'll give it to charity or
something because it may be bad for your
teeth
mom I can so much I don't even remember
back when I was that young by Becky I
bet your mom I bet you all do
trick-or-treating
mum would be like okay you can keep two
of them and the rest goes charity I'll
be like what you mean keep two object
what's hard for all of these mum Howard
evolved into an alternative yeah like a
bloom and keira or something instead
this is my favorite Mason's boxes they
have box of blooming reasons Monty
yeah mom I thought I saw a picture on
Facebook and I said so and I wish we did
it Brussels sprouts dipped in chocolate
sure looks like chocolate but it's cross
did you see out here thank God I'll take
a ball if he knew a trick or a treat
then you have 20 pound note and 120 let
me attack all right you can you can bet
the 20 pound no other notion don't fear
with the other ones I know let your
doesn't know queue in there stop you
already yes I'm guinea pig oh I really
want to show you these guys all right
I'm going to show you yeah I'm going to
show you guys close up outside but
obviously I don't want to give away
where my parents live so I can't show
you that's what I didn't feel what
putting the decorations together it's
amazing now it's dark these are cute
little pumpkins but you can't really see
and some spiders on there I am spiders I
am filming super zoomed in so you guys
can't see we've got Tracy pumpkin there
Zoe's pumpkin there and my little
pumpkin here what was his name Tommy
we've got all the poppies and Shawn's
pumpkins over here which look awesome
they used a drill to drop oh no Zoey
look maybe just take that out take that
off the top oh want me to do it with
your little hands oh one of them's got
all us hot oh it stinks
Lukas just wanna been cooking the
pumpkin now let's just leave it off
we'll leave that there
yeah we leave that one off along the
windowsill we've got some cool lights
and some spiders I wish we could show
you guys the door up the side of the
house we've got this just covering up
the door number with my hand a big old
spider but for some reason my camera
just won't focus on him and there is
loads more there's like a massive happy
Halloween side this up but I I can't
show you guys because I don't want to
give away the address yeah they're good
ones Smarties we've had to pop out
Seana pop you're here now
pop out to the petrol station because
we've literally run out of sweets
you guys saw how many we had earlier
which completely run out so we've come
to get some more know the kind of people
touching them have to get little
individual packet ones the only sweets
they're going to be like that people
can't touch other people's food I'm
going to be these but there's really not
even that many they're gonna go so quick
yeah give me four six pounds yes
someone's just going to nan them all
aren't they holy crap look at that
bloody out that mosque is scary look at
that wig we look at that wig mum mum
someone came into the house
that's scary though yeah in this
lighting it looks so crazy
oh my god that looks sorry look at it
yourself little bit that looks so sick
oh my gosh from now due again for
thunder one minute brighter brighter
than to the left that honestly looks
really good stay there
yeah yeah really good for the thumbnail
perfect got it yes ten million views dad
I noticed that all the sweets had gone
when you arrived home what's happened in
there you did this ello doggies hello in
love we trapped you in here so that you
can't run and scare people with little
kitties no so you got it all the sweets
with that cake is dad I'm out that half
of it is that was a whole thing out here
I didn't have it you've eaten half of it
it's made it buzzy what's mommy got can
I see
nah don't fight is little is little
whatever their vote no gamma Halloween
dinner isn't it we literally said that
the same time yeah this is like a proper
Halloween there with us roast potatoes
no not rice okay we've got jacket
potatoes with cheese and beans over
there and sausages and BAPS veggie
sausages so much fingers Oh
Nala nice so pretty love it Nala there's
nothing I God no there's a lot in that
there's a lot in that hey hey back
rescue oh sorry I see what your name
what I'm sorry papi no because I got you
back oh you wish oh I've got plans when
I do get a YouTube channel is killing
revenge one oh my god ya go piggyback
go on please piggyback please go on
don't order likes much
I'm sorry ice bar chale you said you
said you do if we got 300,000 likes you
said that I said a hundred ice bar jack
ice Popp yeah
can we make an agreement you're gonna
ignore the hair okay look at it still
curly from yesterday's blog so just got
home after an official Halloweeny
evening is that even a thing Halloween
II had so much fun opening door to so
many people trick-or-treating my parents
so many super cute little kids I wish I
filmed them but I said I want to be
filming random kids and putting them on
YouTube that that's probably it's
probably illegal
probably a bit weird some of them were
like two years old and they were so cute
taking like a good 20 30 seconds trying
to pick which candy the thing they would
love the most
or chocolate and I was a candy that's
such an American thing picking out their
little chocolate I'm putting it in their
bag is slow Q I'm so excited for when
I'm older and I have kids and I can take
them trick or treat and that's literally
gonna be so much fun if you can already
tell work are you watching off the
Christmas embed on indoor guys I hope
you've enjoyed today such a chilled
start to the vlog and then just a lovely
evening hanging out with my family and
Zoe's mom Tracy and poppy and Sean and
mom and dad and Buzz and neither and Zoe
and that is what Halloween's all about
spending it with loved ones and
trick-or-treatin it's got to be got out
from trick-or-treating in there any ice
I'm gonna end the vlog guys thank you so
much for all of the sport recently the
views the comments the likes have been
in sane my trampoline video has over
150,000 thumbs up I don't even know what
to say that that just blows my mind give
this video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
your challenge today is 40,000 thumbs up
go down below
smash the thumbs up button 40,000 thumbs
up can you do it I don't know I'll see
you tomorrow
can you see it honk always looking like
textured how's it going is it working
yeah is it yeah
