good afternoon how you doing guys what a
Sundays for you're asking me to relax
with the family and that is exactly what
I've been doing today and that's why I
said good afternoon not good morning
because it's currently like 5:00 p.m.
but because the vlogs not the vlogs
definitely not the blogs because the
clocks went backwards last night the Sun
now sets an hour earlier each day so it
may only be 5 p.m. but it's basically
pitch-black look at the sky
okay but it does look a lot brighter and
my vlog dad she looks beautiful my vlog
outside for me in real life not looking
through a camera it's really really dark
like it's only just slightly light I'd
say 20 minutes it's going to in pitch
black outside today I've spent the day
just relaxing Zoe's mum is still over so
we've had a roast dinner we went out
this morning for a walk out and about
and then Zoe and I've just finished
shooting the part of the vlog that was
like most of yesterday's vlog you ever
seen yesterday log you might understand
that so and I've basically done a
challenge today for the vlog has always
had this obsession recently with Kirk
can I turn the light on I was that
annoying with curl in her hair and
Poppy's hair and my mom's hair and my
cousin's hair so now it's your turn now
it's my turn but I am I've got loads of
product in I have pretty crispy I've got
a spray in there I live coming so on
floor yeah the vlogs still uploading
over there twelve minutes until my daily
vlog goes live this is gonna really look
ridiculous imagine if this looked good
last aside let's do this every single
day how'd you curl it for me you were
dead hey what is this will watch in
Adams family family very Halloweeny
it's Halloween for you guys watching
this happy Halloween so sorry I
completely forgot to say because
obviously for me it's tomorrow but for
you as you're watching this happy
Halloween hope you've had a lovely time
trick-or-treat n if you're 12 12 and
under that's the liquid legal age in the
UK is now I don't know if there is a
legal age yeah you have 3 12 I remember
when I was 15 oh so gutted I think that
was when they like enforced the rule I
used to love trick-or-treating when I
was younger but a bit too old now 23 I
can't really be
trick-or-treating on people's houses you
can trick-or-treat our house out what
our own house yeah yeah can you see it
honk always looking like textured how's
it going is it working
yeah is it yeah let's get that little
black patch imagine if this just broke
off well I hope it doesn't
your little black your funny little
black patch yeah go woah oh my gosh I
look like a like a 90's boy band what's
happening Missy what's happening to my
hair dude you do yours nada
should we curl your hair curl your tail
is it done yeah
are you ready is it styled I don't know
how to style it is it that curly yeah
it's that curlier I don't know how to
style it let me look at the mirror
I haven't seen white shall I film it or
select oh man your reaction oh my god I
look like a dog I look like a dog
with this hairstyle it's so called put
my fingers through look at that do you
like it it's so crazy like so great you
see oh my gosh look at that pumpkin
carving time what face are you going for
whore keep faith which one one like
Apple no no should do the massive look
at that one
yes oh you see that I got one two people
forgetting I've got curly hair until I
see myself they're not facially going
for actually let me get my phone up I'm
gonna Google best pumpkin faces some of
these are unbelievable like how look at
this one look at that one that is
incredible yeah look at that
that's what I want to do no I have to do
it slightly bigger than oh that's so
good Zoey thinks I should do it like
this
just like a tiny
little guys you've got the small pumpkin
I think my pumpkins only tiny look at my
competitors always mine so tiny oh my
god that's gonna look so cute I like
that yeah yours looks so good oh that
looks so impressive
ah meg enough to find the right way yeah
get back a puzzle there we go
mine's not gonna have as much inside it
as you guys yeah you're taking three so
there we go oh I love mine
looking all good just time to cut this
detail little smiley face out which I
don't know how I'm going to do because
we've only got a knife we haven't got
any like prop up getting my cutting
stuff how are your guys going I'm trying
to do it as best I can with a knife oh
my gosh the amount of things you guys go
so much out did you stick a pencil
through it oh my god how did you do that
Sony think I'm all done you done yes
yours looks good he's finished oh my
gosh he looks so good
do you think yeah you just start
chopping your one creative it's not
really it's just three wounded well
looks like a cottage what should we name
him
Wilfred let's name him Willie Samantha
Timmy Timmy Timmy okay Timmy Tommy it
looks like a Tommy Oh Tommy you can I
don't do that okay Robbie's mom yay yeah
looks so good I put some X little holes
in just so the counter doesn't go out
she go and get your dinner why'd you
spin in circles here we go wait get your
gun then I'm gonna go and get changed it
is so hot in this house
I don't even think the heating isn't
even on it's just ridiculously hot one
thing I really want to get back into
like honestly I really really do want to
myself is my pointlessblog youtube
channel I find it difficult calling it
my main youtube channel because as you
know I don't really upload on it very
often maybe probably like twice a month
yet this channel I upload every single
day so I wouldn't call it my main
YouTube channel it has got more
subscribers than this YouTube channel
but other than that I don't call it my
main YouTube channel my hair is so crazy
on the other side of the camera just
down here I've got 1 2 3 4 massive boxes
full of different things for videos most
of them are like pointlessblog sit-down
challenge videos with friends rather
than things to do in the stadium log as
well and I honestly think that I've got
like 20 videos like video like ideas
it's not that I've got no ideas I've got
so many awesome video ideas right down
here but for some reason I just never
never filmed them and like I am limited
of time but I do feel like I really
should start putting the effort in to
film these other videos because because
I do love it when I film them but I love
this channel so much so I wouldn't ever
want this channel to be affected by my
other youtube channel so it's going to
be about of like trying to do both at
the same time and then obviously I want
to be launched my gaming channel like
there's a lot of changes that I do want
to make and I do want to get back into
running all 3 youtube channels again but
gonna be honest with you guys I've got
so much stuff happening off-camera like
really big things that I'm working on
and stuff that it genuinely is really
hot because these videos do take up a
lot of time and some people only have
one youtube channel and that's like
daily vlogging and that's what they do
for the thing I'm not saying that I
can't do all 3 channels because that is
the goal that is what I want to be doing
but I am tempted to like maybe even just
try and make it even easier for me maybe
just hire like a camera person to just
help me film the main channel videos so
that I don't have to film them all like
I love this is the annoying thing the
reason why I started YouTube is because
I love making videos and because of
making these videos and so many of you
guys watching there's so many amazing
opportunities
happen and these opportunities take up
time which means that it's harder to
make the videos which is why these
things are possible
it's like a vicious circle well I want
to do these cool things as well as
videos but it takes time out and I'm
kind of at the place now where I'm just
like I want to be spending all my time
on videos like the other things are
really really cool but I don't really
want to be doing them things anymore
like for example I used to go to a lot
of like events in London and stuff like
that and like go to film premieres now
that kind of just takes up too much time
out of my day that it's not really worth
going all the way to London to do
something like one meeting or two
meetings when I could be filming videos
for this channel or seeing my family or
working on my other YouTube channels
like points for games or pointless blog
basically if you new around here because
I know that I've gained a lot of
subscribers recently this is technically
this was my second YouTube channel so I
have a menu Tube channel called
pointless blog which is where I used to
make one video every single week and it
was more like a sit down challenge video
funny video with my friends with by
myself with my family whoever and then
on this channel I upload every single
day filming my day what I'm up to what
I'm doing and my third youtube channel
pointlessblog games is where I film
myself playing gaming videos but as of
recently these videos are taking so much
time to make and I'm really focusing
trying to make these videos every single
day amazing for you guys that the other
channels have taken a hit and it's a lot
harder to upload so I'm trying to trying
to find the balance and I'm thinking and
I am thinking that one thing that would
make it a lot easier and a lot of my
friends have done recently
it's hired somebody to help film their
videos and this will only be for like
when I want to film big big big videos
obviously on videos like this like when
somebody else filming things like this
but like be positive and I don't know a
challenge out in the park with Sean
like some of these challenge some of
these video ideas I've got down here
involve me being like out and about
obviously setting up a camera makes it a
lot more difficult a lot more hardest
about somebody else to do that with me
then that could be the difference
between not having the time to make the
video and making the video so so I think
that might be a good first step but I've
got so much down here like I would love
to show you but I don't wanna spoil
future projects but even even as example
as one example you guys know like well
this girl showed you in a vlog this
pie-faced showdown so it's a two-player
version of Pie Face
well I could play that in a blog in one
of these videos or I could play that on
my other YouTube channel I've got I
don't even want to I've got so much
stuff guys like I said this niche over
20 videos down here but I just wanted to
take the time to sit down and tell you
that I am thinking about my other
YouTube channels don't you worry I have
got a brand new laptop to make filming
my gaming videos and editing my gaming
videos even easier so it's going to be
coming it is all coming it's just yeah I
get a lot of tweets about it every
single day and trust me I'm thinking
about it more than you guys are even
thinking about it they're gonna be
coming back Salvy sims 4 is going to be
coming back but I want to do it right I
want to do it right and I want to be
able to keep it up then coming back with
two or three videos and then having
another break again I'm gonna go do some
planning downstairs and try and oh I've
got a box here with another new video in
there let's go downstairs and plan these
new videos and who I'm going to shoot in
the web and when I'm going to shoot them
hahaha you're so cute shrinkage bed baby
oh it's only half-past nine literally it
is hot boss 9 no it's not it is 9 23 but
because obviously the clock from back
last night or this morning it feels like
10 23 so Zoe is like so up for going to
bed Zoe's mom is already in bed but I'm
wide awake it's only half-past nine and
everyone is always mad for knowledge you
put not into bed though he's with
knowledge bed so I lost nine it's not
even a fast - twenty past nine guys look
what I've just seen the sauce box we
need to do this soon let's get you one
of these into bed on your bed
there yeah all right we'll see you in
the morning see you in the morning Missy
see in the morning Zoey the night you
sleep Anala tonight oh my gosh turn on
the light Zoe hey then I live one see
you in the morning I completely forgot
to end the vlog everybody I'm so sorry
so I hope you enjoyed it if you did give
it a big ol thumbs up if you're excited
for the Halloween vlog with my family go
down below smash the thumbs up button
subscribe if you're not already is free
just click the subscribe button down
below and I'll see you tomorrow
oh I'll see you tomorrow 3 2 1
