three two one good morning guys good
morning how you doing I hope you're
having a lovely day wherever you are
whatever you're doing today it's the
weekend is Saturday for me so I hope you
guys are doing - a Sunday for you which
means it's Sunday evening because upload
deeds in the evening which means it's
very soon - Monday ah it's Monday
certain I'm joking I hope you guys have
had a lovely weekend make sure that
tomorrow Monday you're doing something
positive you're getting up early you're
getting out there and you're starting
the week off positively I got meeting
first thing on Monday morning oh I'm
currently parked in waitress carpark
about to go and buy some food let's go I
can't find any roadies Murray that's in
like a packet I can't see Rosemarie
anywhere except like an actual plant so
I've had to just buy a plant of rosemary
look at that looks insane I've got to
get a certain kind of potato cool
MERIS plate white paper MERIS paper
potatoes I have no idea here we go look
at that MERIS Piper potatoes exactly
what I needed can now cross that from a
little shopping list
free-range whole chicken I don't know
how big to get this chicken because it's
only Zoey myself and her mouth corn-fed
golden corn-fed free-range chicken
deserves three to four nothing perfect
to me next on the list is to get some
crusty bread for a camembert
I'm so excited even the thought of
having a camembert makes me so happy
oh yeah okay that seems good that's the
one today was the first time a proper
shopped with a shopping list so much
better like it just means that I don't
forget anything now I understand why
people do it I don't if I told you guys
but last time I came food shopping for
Zoey and I I came out to grab us lunch
got myself lunch then decided to get
some cereal some milk and have forgot to
get Zoey lunch so I got home from doing
with the food shopping and was like all
kind of forgot the main reason why I
went which was to get you lunch sorry so
this time instead of running the risk of
me forgetting Zoey's food again she
wrote me a little shopping list let me
read you I have crossed off everything
just to make sure that I got everything
I've already pen from there like the
help section and as I excuse me is it
annoying if I borrow a pen just to cross
off my shopping list and then I'll give
it back to you later in case you were
wondering what I purchase today I got an
organic free-range whole chicken
rosemary garlic crusty bread printed red
peppers basically like the long ones
Maris Piper potatoes dunno what they are
but I managed to find them tomato and
basil pesto sauce salmon and packets of
quinoa got it oh let me got it oh and as
well as that I met tons of you guys who
were buying food and shopping as well so
if you saw me and you got picture hello
it was lovely to meet you also
I know I've said this twice already but
I just want to say before I Drive back
home thank you so so so much for all of
the sport on the overnight trampoline
video
it's got like 90 mm thumbs up at this
moment 90 mm if you haven't seen it I
stayed in a trampoline park of Shawn and
J overnight link is down below let's
carry on with the vlog that I did just
want to say thank you so much because
the support has been unreal let's go
have a good day come on let's go
Naughty Dog I have no I had that song in
so many years Rocky oh my gosh yeah Jane
oh my god this songs when do you want 22
oh it's nothing Sophie three here we go
we sing I'm sorry those songs are just
sick hello hello baby kind of realized
that I've logged zilch Joe today except
for going to the shop and buying food I
have filmed nothing else so Zoe and I've
got a plan
we've just come up with an idea from Zoe
showing me picture on her phone of
herself no laughs why are you barking at
the TV it's literally a man making some
cereal Zoe to show me a picture on her
phone of herself and she said you're not
allowed tomorrow you're not even allowed
to Smurfs and it was like ridiculous
like so so funny so I'm going to cut the
vlog here I'm gonna carry on tomorrow
because we didn't I just had a super
relaxed day so tonight what do we tell
them why don't you show them why now
it's not me is you you tell them why
they explain what does that but when you
like nerds oh he's got no makeup on
hasn't done the hair anything and she's
I'm let's film this video now so we're
gonna show each other we're gonna get
like 15 pictures each or something there
the others aren't allowed to laugh at so
we're going to show each other and
you're not allowed to offer there I'm
like let's film it now so is that yeah
okay but I haven't got any makeup on I'm
like you'll be from all the time and no
makeup on there's for the main lights on
- let's turn the main lights on to get
some good lighting and Zoe's like no
don't put it on I thought I was the
video quality it's getting really bad
and so you sakes is gonna make me little
horrible you put the camera to me and I
look in this little screen and I went no
way I know he's skin looks a lot more
worse on camera now than it does in real
life it doesn't look like you film all
the time it may look very self-conscious
right now because it's not just no
makeup it's like my hair looks like I've
been well you're wearing your pajamas as
well brain goes basically we're gonna
carry on this what do you not wear socks
normally basically I'm going to carry on
the vlog tomorrow cut it for today is
going to be good Zoey and I going to
basically going to say we have to do it
tonight yeah gonna save ten pictures
last night
the other has to look at and they're not
allowed to laugh I'll see you in the
morning okay we're back
are you ready Einar would you read I've
just cut my hair guys this is how crazy
it looks like fun you just don't even
you don't about at all you just don't
look like you know I genuinely think of
you and I'm Pablo and I don't think
people would notice my French thing I
could imagine you you look like somebody
who'd be sitting in like a library
revising in school or uni
yeah if I was intelligent but if I was
in college and I saw like saw somebody
reading but like that that I'd be
wouldn't over you anyways today we're
doing exactly what we said we were gonna
do yesterday don't laugh at this picture
fell off of this picture okay okay who's
going first
I've saved seven pictures I don't think
I went as old as I should have done or
something I'm trying to put bitches in
that I know not just of you or me but
yeah neither I don't think why do we
have a look minam all me in usm1 okay
they can't cover your mouth the whole
point is you can't smirk or move your
face at all okay Yeti mm-hmm
why am i I saying why do I have a
picture of you like that my phone why
did you I'll attach the pictures on the
screen I know you will not attach all
the pictures yeah no you will not bite
you all the pictures why because I then
they can't see them like you can just
hold it up maybe that's the same thing
come on No
look at that it literally looks like you
passed away and I've taken a picture
here it looks like you've like died in
your sleep I don't know you can't see it
okay I'll attach the picture on the
screen
Thank You Ari okay here's my first one
good way
no I just want my next one hoarse
masking Ouisa I see oh I don't want it
do you know what I did that magic I am
allergic you know
no I'm allergic I'll attach the pictures
on the screen don't worry
not all of them and I'll attach some of
the pictures on the screen so basically
this is the first day that Zoe and I got
guinea pigs and we basically Zoe bought
so much it's the hey isn't it yeah it's
so much hey to put in their dust it
wasn't the sort of seems the hey I put
it in there like little what did they
hacks they weren't even in like a big
thing at the moment
epic travel why they were like a travel
thing in the bedroom for like the first
couple of days until we managed to get
the big thing that they live in today
for a few days they had so much hay in
this travel little like compartment box
thing in the room and it triggered my
hay fever so bad a like drum how much
pain I was in
yeah so you thought putting a scarf over
your no you search up that hay fever out
alright my picture you ready yeah yogi
this I can't put this on the screen Bob
get it three two one look at your
eyebrows that's a thin look at your
eyebrows you've taken that off a screen
haven't you yeah I think it was in a
vlog and then I took a picture of it on
the laptop screen at an angle so it
makes it look even weirder than it
actually is
okay ready for mine yeah three two one
oh no Louie that's when you build in
Zoey just filled it in with a pencil
like an eyebrow yeah I still can't even
grow that yet how long will it look it's
getting there getting there gradually
guys one day I'll be able to fill that
bit in pop is never going to let me put
this online by don't even care straight
face what she doing that's funny
is that that's like classic poppy what
is that
I'm telling you you can't put this on
this
Green why why not cuz you can't not this
one
ready don't laugh 3c no lip-smacking
come on okay three two one ah your hair
looks like a guinea pig
oh my I was not happy with that with
that hair dye can I talk without this
gray this is an Instagram of mine that I
actually uploaded it's still on that
yeah don't be horrible now nice market
okay what are you doing with your mouth
look at your mouth is that marketed oh
yeah those are women can my agita
uploaded that as an industry ground
again ready what am I look at up and
down or mine I liked when you abandon it
that's the worst thing I've ever done I
mean I apologize for that industry
Graham everybody don't laugh I thought
that was mark is a fun it's gone it's
Sean stroke it as she as she Shaun the
Sheep this one is definitely going on
the screen okay where is that Oh blah oh
yeah that was a mirror what we doing
what are we doing
come buddy not going through all five
and then he got two left and they're not
that funny
this ride is just I just remember bit us
being so weird and there was a worse one
it was a funny version of this one but I
didn't want to use it I'm using the less
funny one because I though I wouldn't
offer wanted the funny one on the screen
oh my god oh my god I remember the one
that liked made your basically I'll show
me it's getting way up there somewhere
oh we put it on our nose isn't it pulled
on those three two one
I think of you did that annoy me
no where's that one the one when you're
smelling the soap oh my god I've got to
go on Twitter fine yeah well let me talk
in zoella soap do you know what I'm
talking about yes I know the lawyer two
guys why do I don't have that in my
pictures do you I don't think I do guys
like my favorite picture of you jelly
bean it's your turn okay my turn
yeah okay I think of any go on left oh
and it's just Marcus look boys word a
lot of get up oh my god he loved that
Marcus wore this hat every single day
for about two years
okay are you ready for my next love ya
know laughing I'm seriously I'm gonna
happen if you smile or laugh that's not
even funny my massage
got from my dad wait I've got a couple
more let me see that poster right here
for how many posters did I sign for you
guys don't know it was the cowshed all
the gadgets I do know I really hope that
that's not two separate pictures I hope
that that boy's seen that and is
recreated it to take the piss I don't
know right wait let me just go up and
find someone this is a classic if you
don't smoke at this and your sense of
humor is not what I thought it was
really oh my god oh this is the best
picture of Zoe on and flash it rapid eye
god I even put on the screen or we don't
fit on the screen no it's the worst
picture of me I know this is my Zoe with
like no chin know like like actually no
change but there's nothing bums out here
it's like flat and you're yeah I mean
it's every everything about you
like do you fancy me in that picture no
all right last one last one you ready
yeah
that is when snapchat photogate oh my
god I've never seen that before
I really look like the drawings on your
t-shirt are you ready for this Rob this
was when this this was when we visited a
friend's place picture of me and you ha
ha ha ha
lion-o you're attended to be like a
horror monster
I am so weird this is a friend's kitchen
why did we even take a bitch in like
that look at my hair what we know
without them being there and you said
that to them yeah that's just the worst
I get tweeted that all the time that was
from a thumbnail you know that you could
item yeah I put that as my thumbnail I
don't know why I ever did it is so bad
why did why did I ever do that
look I can put that in front of your
actual face it's probably thousands a
funny one truck oh my god
right if you enjoyed this guy's and you
want to see a part two let us know down
below give the video a thumbs up and
everything sorry again that it wasn't a
proper vlog see you tomorrow guys oh
there's one more fear watch this and
don't
