good morning guys good morning it's the
morning for me it's like six minutes
past eight or something in the morning
I'm about to go to sleep like about to
go to sleep I slept one hour last night
it is technically the morning to start
this video and I'm starting off by going
to sleep if you don't know why you need
to go check out yesterday's blog link is
down below
it was crazy so so crazy come on Missy
yeah you need to get up come on daughter
come on my father like pooch or is it
look at her this is literally me Nona
but then she's also like me when she
gets up early with me yeah only because
she knows that she can get breakfast go
you popping yeah let's see how long it
takes for she let rest sir NOLA
there you go but there's a prison we've
got the family zoo out it's quite a bit
later on we've got our zoo out Nala
leave it gnarly you're not a guinea pig
may Nala keeps on trying to eat it
what's this Nala what's this
look at them they're so unadventurous
all they do is go from here to here from
here just trying to get back in there so
confused gone boys run away run Nala
what are you eating
she hates you no she's trying she's
trying to join in she doesn't like it
though
she's going to splendor she spit out
where you boys go in where you go in
it's nearly half past 7:00 in the
evening and we're probably like one
minute into the vlog I just slept and
trade slept as well he's left I just
dropped him to the train station
we slept from about half past eight this
morning until one o'clock twelve one
o'clock and then we've just been a cat
all day I almost felt earlier on like I
was hungover like I had like a big night
of drinking last night but I hadn't I
literally just stayed up in a trampoline
park why are you trying to eat the water
bottle no no no oh it's so scared if you
were worried guys don't worry the wires
aren't plugged in just in case they chew
them you play in you playing together
it's like she wants to play fur but they
just don't know to play back think pop
being Shaun have just pulled up outside
how high do you bro
did you see I said how long do you see
Booker's from half past eight until one
really yeah he slept three solid hours
yeah chase that until like off to see
Jay was out of it I like your coat
oh no I got it today that's it yeah you
seem you know knock I see oh you should
have worn it your last night with these
on update time how's the puzzle going
Oh Jon now you're gonna break it yeah I
mean what do you do just leave it there
glue yeah glue it together and stick it
on the wall yeah it was fun bye which
one true me first no no you just have to
go on then smash it go on go on
do you so long oh that makes me so sad
gone it's all gone hold it guys this is
Zoey's new alarm clock which lights up
like the Sun gradually so it starts
nothing and then brightens up gradually
over time to wake you up in the morning
hashtag not look at the color of it
though you know what's going back on and
then it's gonna be pitch black from like
5 p.m.
yeah oh my gosh look it at does that I
don't know if that's gonna be nice in
the morning oh my gosh it's like white
light is it I'm in the morning I'm late
you're gonna be like oh oh my god I was
oh my god that's oh my god
imagine I'd wake up and just be I okay
you just okay I'm gonna go like this
you guys good morning good morning Zoe
good morning not happen copper's I what
are you doing like 20 minutes
yeah does it glad you have a 20 minute
test and what happens like does it like
do it all if you don't no no no no that
word it it lights up your room fully boy
like the Sun coming in that way I
mentioned before so why I've got a
really good idea you tap it papi
come upstairs papa what says no car dad
says something's so exciting come and
try the new bedding we got today you
know when we stayed in that like hot
with no Wi-Fi in no phone signal the
bedding in there was incredible so Zoe
ordered all of the same stuff
oh I'm going to take the pillows off
sucka we offer then come on Shawn get in
get go on insane go sure and getting it
all new pillows new pillows in there
just sunken it needs was a hard
litigious shakhter looser harder
I like hard-ons so that's the heart the
heart oh my gosh yes I just love how how
good is the topper though it's like so
it's so like fluffy guys this feels like
this bed is straight up cuddling me yeah
that's what I felt like when we went to
this cabin I don't want to make so I do
puppies like me yo juicy yeah sure you
only dinner in bed
hahahaha
new stuff in here yeah see I didn't see
you this is not your bed I think you
guys in Oh Sookie no week every
Wednesday I know I'm staying mine she
want to go to sleep no dinner it's like
insane oh my god my vlog is ready to
film with you guys in bed I'm literally
being covered gone Allah jump up I've
tried this one oh man it's just so like
I just feel like it's things yeah it's
so like deep now I don't know how to
explain it guys sorry things were going
to bed for me laundry pop it's literally
gonna get order or the way bedding cuz
you know one because I like it when it
feels like a little bit cold just
changed up my t-shirt and we're gonna
order some food are we going to watch
more black mirror tonight yeah I've been
loving it
yeah me Jean nd I've seen like the old
series I don't see nothing Vanessa a
buncha shaman energy seemed like all
Asian states you need to go check out
black me if you haven't already guys
give more 6 it just experience what
do you think review it was gonna burn
your forehead it was so bright in your
face it was could you tell it was
lighting up bird you couldn't even tell
the light it was so bright in your face
4p we've also just had tons of takeaway
food and we're watching still watching
black mirror goodbye easiness can't see
you by your coat a mold tucked right I'm
all tucked up in bed got my braces in so
I might sound a little bit less be oh my
gosh these new sheets are incredible
like I can't even describe how soft
everything is basically we got new
pillows better a new duvet cover a new
mattress topper loads of stuff new
sheets do get new sheets yeah new sheets
feels like I'm sleeping in the crowd
like half this blog has been about sleep
whether that's our new light thing we've
got next to us over there I'm gonna end
the vlog guys I know it's been a bit of
a weird one today but as you saw I got
back this morning at like 7:30 had no
sleep and properly started the vlogger
like 7:00 p.m. because I was knackered
from yesterday's video if you've watched
up into the end give the video a thumbs
up to show me go down below smash the
bye and subscribe if you're not already
we're going to be back to normal looked
tomorrow proper having fun again octa
loads of stuff so I'll see you then good
night guys okay
that's actually been scary boy that is
so scary I hate it I hate
