today it's going to be crazy
good morning guys good morning how you
doing it isn't the morning I'm not going
to lie to you it's the evening my heart
is beating like mad oh man I wish you
could feel that I'm super super nervous
I've had such a productive day hit the
gym this morning then in meetings then
edge to the vlog then just have more
meetings somebody is still downstairs
now from a meeting that I've just
finished up literally the second came
upstairs put some hair product in and
I'm now just packing up all of my stuff
into this camera bag but I've got to try
and make it not look like a camera bag
so I'm stuffing everything in I've got
to spare cameras my GoPro over there
load of wires some batteries and stuff
charged up these batteries chuck them in
take these charges as well GoPro
batteries as I'm sure you've seen by the
title and the thumbnail of this video
today I am off to a trampoline park but
I've been to them before you guys have
seen that I've been to them you love it
when I'm there but it's a little bit
different today because about a week ago
I saw a video on YouTube where people
started waiting in places overnight and
I said they're all in America every
single one people waiting in Walmart in
Costco in a trampoline park in America I
saw and I thought I've seen nobody do
this in the UK yeah I need to try this
out and see if it's possible but I don't
want to be going and getting in trouble
with the police or the people who own
the properties and breaking in and stuff
like I don't want to be doing any of
that so I'm going to be honest with you
guys I got in contact with the owner
like not the person who works there like
the actual owner and I explained the
video idea that I wanted to do to him
and expecting him to just be like you're
an idiot like that's the weirdest
stupidest thing why would you want to
hide in a trampled like no we're closed
but he loved it and he's like yes we're
making it happen so for the last week
himself like no members of staff know
himself and his lawyers and his
insurance company because obviously
after hours they're not insured to have
people bouncing they've been like
sorting out sorting out and sorting out
so I'm allowed to do it the insurance
company have okayed it the lawyers have
okayed it the owner has okayed it but
the important thing because I was like a
hundred percent can't do this if it's
fake if
any members of staff people work and
then know that I'm doing this it's
ruined like all my comments are going to
be that it's fake everything this has to
be a hundred percent legit for me to do
it everything is confirmed and okay and
we're doing it tonight no members of
staff there know the owner knows and I
think he's gonna be there until it
closes me Shawn and che who are
downstairs now are going tonight or now
we've gone soon it's already like nearly
7:00 p.m. in the evening we're going to
join in in the 8:00 p.m. session so
we're going along just like normal
people in the trampoline place we're
gonna get there for the eight o'clock
session until nine o'clock during that
session we're all going to hide but make
everyone like wheel it even gonna have
to get a taxi there just so that my car
isn't in the carpark we're gonna hide
and hopefully they're gonna clean up
clear up if everything goes well and
leave without realizing that we're still
in the property I did go to the
trampoline park earlier this week super
early in the morning before it opened
just met the owner and he showed me a
couple of like possible hiding places
are underneath the trampolines in an
office behind the food counter but man I
just is going to be so hard to fully
hide from these members of staff and
we're just gonna see what happens you
know we I don't even have a sleeping bag
I don't know what I don't know this
video is going to be a little bit crazy
a little bit different to usual I hope
you liked it I just want to make sure
that you do understand that I'm doing
this with the owner's permission no
members of staff but the owner does know
so that is not illegal like don't be
trying this yourself guys I'm doing this
stupid thing so that you guys don't have
to kind of nervous / excited EA unless
you I was coming down the channels like
ah down the nose it hit me I'm really
nervous yeah I told Oh
Shawn's Shawn's saying that we should
have all worn camo clothing so that he
can hide more easily
but you do realize no you haven't
watched skeleton thing yeah you should
have got Halloween right do you know
what we should have done we should have
bought clothes where Shawn where's he
gone let's go where we should have
bought clothes they're in the same color
as with the Trump leaves they like pink
and green or blue or some day
okay just all in pink just stood there
like this what happens we turn up
it's 8 p.m. session there's only 3 other
people don't book to go trampoline it
mmm
how do we hide if there's not many
people there time to update the vlog on
Zoey's jigs or how's it going good
it's getting there isn't it now I'm just
doing this bit goodbye see you later see
you tomorrow morning
perfect thank you
here we go signing up with all of the
safety stuff we're gonna be safe no
hurting ourselves tonight guys I am
loving that jumper man oh yeah my one
video yeah everybody got their grips on
yeah George Patton is always it god when
my legs gone bro first bounce get on
that Oh mind a little kid hey
guys down there is how you get down
underneath the trampolines that's hiding
spot number one yes bro then we got this
so behind me is where you get unglued
the trampolines down there I'm about to
go on the trampoline first time guys we
also we will have to scout a bitch
one guy
let's go and bounce again bro
let's go we're in the next session now
it's super super quiet around here
it's literally no one here like I empty
it is this is going to be so this is
going to be soaked them in harder than
anyone here the members of staff
I like Forks like they are watching
this is a lot harder than we thought
yeah huh I don't know just go go in and
who got but viously that's two more
people on there now
that team would be
we finale
everyone
in the space we want to go to let you
dock behind me under Israel people who
are
from the same
Daunte Gorge a gorge a
wait get enough
we can like listen when polluters to do
that and I just literally just hit
is that cheap
where am I gonna
make me
oh my god
oh my god
I just need myself I just need my tongue
running
Oh
my god high quality
chain
Jane we get so much good job won't get
down we need to get into the best box
they've someone checked under here no no
what is worse
for the next three hours until
everyone's left we've got two bottles of
water won't give us a respect it's been
about 15 minutes how's it going guys all
right how's it going man
the Cramton who got that 45 minutes left
his face closes in five you see that
ah the musical this place is officially
closed effect
okay what have you done
Johnny's find chases farted
anyone in here okay
someone's doing some what's doing here
Eddie I hope this is quiet
boys
what should the do whenever some
embers are staffing the Quahog people
just changed or littering don't jump in
there it's not blown up with you to find
out how to blow that up but it's only
quarter to 11 guys we've got until the
morning this place opens at like 9:00 so
people probably going to come in at like
8:00 so if you're confused what was
going on I'm still on my phones my
camera's got no charge basically the way
in which we had to escape and run away
because all of this place has been
monitored constantly by two people i
distracted both for them in the corner
and Shawn just ran down these stairs and
went into the little bit down there
there which is where we were hiding the
man then walked away to go and talk to
somebody else who was bouncing and the
woman was facing the other way she
wasn't talking to and she just turned
around and I literally ran down these
stairs I don't know if you could see in
the video jumped these landed needs like
hmm need my tongue so hard I thought
he's bleeding but I just jumped through
that hole as quick as I could and then
like 30 seconds later changes comes
running in oh my gosh that was insane I
think the owner might be here because
obviously he knows it's going on and
he's sorting out like the insurance
purposes and stuff like that because I
think they have to have somebody on site
at all times for insurance basically
he's the only one that absolutely knew
this was going on but we're here we've
got the whole place to ourselves
so
just went and got our bags from the
manager's office upstairs so we've got
all of our belongings here I need to put
my camera on charge and we need to have
some fun
I'm absolutely out of breath we've been
messing about for like half an hour so
guys look how sweaty I am hi let me show
you what we found
so we found a button down here or like a
box that was open but you know I said to
you that I came for a meeting with the
owner I could have sworn that this
button yellow says airbag this button
says airbag got dead and if you can see
that if I fit this I think the airbags
gonna come on
Summit's come on
I think it's blowing up just slowly it
sounds like it at least my friend Ryan
Taylor you guys might know him for me on
Instagram like liking his picture and
everything he's one of the best BMXers
in the entire world he text me earlier
today and he is also staying over hiding
in a trampoline park for like hours away
so annoying that it's not the same one
that would've been so funny these guys
are trying to set up a game of dodgeball
shall I try put on some music guys I
charge this up earlier I've been talking
to myself hey yeah yeah yeah right you
know saying about my friend Brian he's
on FaceTime how's it going man we both
have done this like at the same time
like how do you hiding go scuzzy you
know where the song they both hit
underneath the trampolines
I think used the jihad' underneath the
trampolines no you did then the BMX bike
I'm positive so they'd bought their own
bike like my bought a bike with him and
hid it in his bag look it up so sag
mister yeah the longest trampoline okay
this one your neck yeah these in a row I
haven't done that since I was like 15
bro haha I get old try I'll try okay
okay right so your chat I don't know
what you can do on the bike five
backflips an arrest record oh yeah you
need to
mate you need to know the backflip I
don't want to be the ones have suggested
that Sean's just killed Ryan Taylor
sorry Barry okay guys I wish you the
best of
I'll see in your video Sinemet man so
Ryan sent me the challenge of five
backflips in a row and sure and certain
the challenge that they want to be a Mac
but I've done multiple since I did
gymnastics when I was younger
you've done a couple since I've enjoyed
I've never even tried two in a row right
let me just try two one oh gee I Ken I'm
trying
I try to one T yes
ah
Oh
hey what you doing Jay what'd you do it
let's push him game on the chopper into
this boxes they've gotta think a walk
the wall and it's basically like an
Olympic trampoline this is what I used
to go on when I did gymnastics
competitively they're literally the
bounciest trampolines ever and I think
on this run I've seen kids here earlier
who stood up on the wall like there and
just fell bounced and went back up they
did that off the wall which one is he a
fighter look here it's sold out
I'm the cameraman the salt hole
got to encourage answer
and yeah
Hey
bro we played basketball
yeah we're going to go upstairs but
though we don't really need food Jay
doesn't say you don't need any food
tonight bro you bought your two bananas
if the owner remembered hopefully they
left some of the stuff on for us I
messaged him like please can you leave
like a pizza oven on or something that
we can we can make food with so don't
worry we do eat some food tonight I'm
going to pay them back we're going to
make a little list we're not going to be
stealing this is pretty scary there's
like skulls and bloodied stuff for
Halloween come on boys let's see what
we've got
Modena although it is literally I
haven't had dinner all add is that
sausage roll and it's like hot sauce
12:00 at night
yeah oh yes they left the pizza oven on
for us they left the oven on for us what
Claire slash copy machine but are you
going to take my order gun number like
that might interest you in the finest
cookies please we have lemon cookies we
have chocolate brownies did I get a
mixed strawberry and raspberry and
whichever is your favorite Jackie not to
do this yeah Randa
Apple pay I didn't have my phone or my
face I don't have my phone you have to
pay otherwise you don't get solution
that's a snoo I really want some of
this pizza I mean I know it was cooked
earlier and it's cold but I definitely
do not might in time I've written down
what we've had so far today three
lucozade sports - slush puppies and a
water instead of cooking a new beat sir
charies reheating an old beat site you
know beats are but know you can maybe
since dumb I tried to put it in the
microwave then I'm going to put it in
the pizza oven best cuz we've got a
perfectly good piece of them and do not
want to use this look at this then like
then put it in there just leave it in
yeah I've officially eating so much
sugar e food slush puppies cookies pizza
if I anymore I'm gonna just crash harder
so 130 chains literally just dots
you got salsa dance then I'm going back
to the trampoline skies might turn this
off just so that gets a bit quieter in
here I've literally been laying down on
this trampoline for the last like half
an hour trying to fight to not fall
asleep it's like 2:30 a.m. and we're
playing dodgeball
ah I get to kick this at you as you run
over here come on
ah we've now got to the point where we
all bottle flipping but I kind of don't
know why because we've got the entirety
of this in crazy incredible Park we're
just sitting here with bottles doing
this sitting here doing this buzz just
adding up the vlog at the moment how you
doing bro you tired yet what's the time
right 333 37 and then I was sureness
with the Boomer - oh yeah that's
actually the scarier boy that is so
scary I hate it I hate you so much man
I am real man it's horrible look at that
it's like the new Slenderman
so no he's watching me
nothing he's coming got away oh crap oh
crap
ha ha it's been about half an hour since
I last logged just been editing this
video that you're watching now trying to
get as much done possible because I know
tomorrow during the day look at my hair
no naka during the day tomorrow guys you
out there bro
you get some sleep you get some sleep
yeah I do want to get some sleep kind of
nut bar in here oh but I don't want the
members of staff to walk in and be like
what the hell it's Adam kids do it yeah
so I don't have to just sleep under the
trampolines it's not very comfortable
either I'm going to go and hide all your
stuff under the trampolines because the
people do not know we're here
so when they reopen tomorrow we need to
be hiding again we need to back under
the trampoline to them for the first
session tomorrow morning we're going to
come out and try and join in back with
the session so I'm going to put all the
stuff under the trampolines now we're
going to try and get what's the official
time and I try and get a couple of hours
sleep 408 in the morning surely we can
turn some of these lights off without
all of them going off so this is the
lighting that we're going to try and
sleep with time to put my bags back in
this little hobby hole
Shawn's watching some Netflix he's got
on the Wi-Fi if you've enjoyed so far
guys please go down below smash the
thumbs up but and this is like the
craziest stupid idea I've ever had
so if you ever want a thumbs up one of
our videos this is the one show it some
love show your finest I'm an idiot
see in a couple of hours one really
cares I am so cold man
ten past I want my bed more than
anything whiteout in life all I can
think about is just getting into a warm
bed on the trampoline where we slept I
just found like half an hour ago hanging
on the side with some like member of
staff hoodies I'll just put on my legs
because my feet is so cold you've got
nearly 11:00 bacala I put it on that I'm
so cold I can't even tell you I was
trying to sleep with my face cutting
these two are so cold at all what are
you saying guys I'm saying session but
you don't want frostbite ah and you're
tired
I like that nothing and you like that
we've woken up and the owner is already
here like sawing up the kitchen and
stuff so we could just leave now
the thing with waiting I dearly love to
wait for the first session and hide back
under the trampolines and get back out
and I'm not trying to make excuses the
first session doesn't start until 9:00
till 10:00 and the employees come in at
8:00 so we would have to hide back under
the trampolines from 8:00 until 9:00 on
the cold concrete floor I'm like I don't
think I can do that I'm so cold I feel
like we've done it though this is 7
o'clock we've done the challenge can we
not just get a taxi home yeah
do you think we've done it chage film
we've done it it's coming up to 12 hours
don't try this at home kids
honestly don't actually try it cheese
just ordered a taxi guys you make that
sound like it was my decision no that
was a brilliant decision my feet are so
cold in this hoodie this is the last
time we're going back down to our little
cubbyhole to get all our bags out as if
you're literally on the trampolines I'm
going to do one last goodbye backflip
and then we're done
oh my gosh magic I hurt myself all right
I say I'm done I'm done I'm done seeing
a bit brighter oh my god I can go get
some good sleep I know I didn't really
click on my clothing combo taxi bottoms
of Chucky shorts
who home sweet home
I need to get into bed hello baby hey
hey how you doing are you doing man I am
getting in this bed I can't even tell
you how good this feels not to be laying
on a trampoline I kind of just got used
to the floor being bouncy like just then
walking out the taxi I was like oh why
is this floor not spring oh man
I'm even still wearing these the
official time is 804 we left the
trampoline park
at 7:30 a.m. and we got there at 7:45
p.m. last night so like just under 12
hours if we said that 15 minutes longer
it would have been 12 hours I'm going to
innovate it here guys because I am going
straight to sleep if you've enjoyed this
please go down below give it a big
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already I just want to say thank you so
much to David from the trampoline park
go check out their stuff I'll leave some
links down below for making it possible
like it was such a strange thing to ask
can we come and stay overnight let us do
whatever we want we're going to pay for
whatever we whatever we use but nobody
else can know you can't tell anybody
else and he let us do it so David thank
you very much remember like I said
please don't be trying to do this guys
because if you don't have permission
it's literally illegal like you're in
somebody's property without their
permission I'll catch you in the morning
or is already the morning man I need to
stop my next day's vlog it's only the
next day I need to stop o.o blow my neck
i'll see you tomorrow guys good night
literally good night what's going on
over here stressin allah for the day but
cuz she's so tired she's just let me
like roll her over and do her
