what's going on over here stressin Allah
for the day because she's so tired she
just let me like roll her over and do
her a porno Poppins you still sleeping
she just loves being in clothes you
still asleep
oh my little pumpkin you still asleep
baby little pumpkin she's just staring
at you hello so cute yeah oh hello
goodness oh she's slipping that dope I'm
feeling energized today I'm feeling good
I'm feeling pumped got my gym clothes on
outside the gym let's go just finish up
today's gym session as you saw from the
bits that I did film it was mainly like
calisthenics today and like all the bar
work stuff which I absolutely love
because of doing gymnastics when I was
younger really really good session had a
lot of fun having a protein shake two
people walking past we go to my gym
probably hear me shout protein shake the
entire way here I was listening to
Eminem like old-school Eminem songs can
we just talk about how sick Eminem is
just need to pop into pets at home to
get the boys the guinea pig some hay and
some sawdust we need to clean them out
today freshen up their house but we
haven't got any of the goods so I'm just
popping in out to get it
here we go now they're very fussy about
which one lemon no lavender no no no
feel like it's even just plain but Zoe
did say something about camera my camera
mom oh that's what she was talking about
this is what I needed and also some of
these blue minnak should have got a
trolley I hate to meet these vlogs
negative like I really really try so
hard to not talk about anything negative
within these videos but when I'm driving
home and like if you don't know our
house which you probably already do
because everybody just seems to know
about it we have like a driveway there's
like private gates that go into our
house I've just been driving in the car
and this happened so much and it
frustrates me so much I don't get why
people don't understand that I'm driving
through the gates or private gates into
our driveway and there's parents
standing there with kids like teenagers
I'm talking like 15 year-olds on their
shoulders so that they can look over our
walls taking pictures into my bloomin
house like what you just put on the
window so excuse me please can you not
take pictures of inside my house then
we've got walls for a reason and the mum
literally turns on egos or we're just
fans as if that makes it that doesn't
make it okay please guys like I say this
song and I know it's not all of you it's
a very very very very small percentage
of you but there's there's a thing
called privacy that's not just for me
and Zoe that's for anybody ever in life
whether that's bloomin Harry Styles or
lady got anybody
we've got walls around our house because
we don't people to be able to see into
our house getting on your dad or your
mum shoulders leaning over of your
iPhone zooming and taking pictures that
are going because our blinds are open at
the moment into our front row I'm
guessing Zoey's in there that's probably
why they were taking pit no they're just
more people just driven past taking
pictures it's literally a joke likes
actually please if you respect me enough
to watch these videos I'm so thankful
but
please as a part of being part of this
community these videos that I make this
journey that were all on together please
respect me enough to not come to the
house and not turning over the walls
take pictures yesterday we had two
parcels thrown over the I don't get it
I don't get it I know it's not all of
you I love you guys so much who don't do
anything like this but for those of you
think it is okay and think it's normal
it's not normal and it's not okay and
let's get on with the day because we're
gonna have a bloomin good day gonna
clean the guinea pigs out and it's
lovely whether it's blue sky such a not
we have another weather check in a few
days look at this I mean yes there is
clouds but it's basically all blue saris
back I don't make an apostle again Oh
how's it going well if I'm honest it's
harder than I thought it's gonna be
there's 500 pieces
yeah I thought 500 pieces would be a
doddle I mean it just takes time doesn't
it just eat in my lunch and Arliss
look at her NOLA hey one thing I want is
some more ripped jeans but the thing is
I don't want to buy any more jeans
because I've so many pairs of black
jeans that aren't ripped I literally
have like four pairs of the exact same
Jean when I find an item of clothing
like a t-shirt that I love I just buy it
in every color that's the same with
jeans I find the perfect black pair of
jeans but these ones so I just buy like
four pairs but obviously I don't need to
buy any more jeans just to get one two
rips in so today we're going to try and
DIY my jeans and then how rip to go and
then a wedge richlip very should I put
these on before I rip them now I'm going
to rip them with them on no I won't hurt
myself if I do it with them off then
then I don't know where to cut the rips
I might not cut them in the right places
don't use a knife or do I use scissors
bloomin heck the whole is we made the
jeans are potentially ruined
you try to free them a bit just get in
there we've done one knee I mean it kind
of looks like a Halloween outfit I'm not
gonna lie just a little bit my Jean
don't worry about that I've ruined these
jeans how do people like cut their jeans
and make it look cool I just look like
I'm going to like a Halloween thing and
I've been ripped up by a werewolf don't
look good today multiple holes as I was
gonna try and make them better
she said you'd only make them better if
I tie to this video DIY ripped skinny
jeans haha I can't do that that's just
too small too small yeah I don't if
you're joking or not no like it's I
think because your holes are too small
that's why it looks like you've been
attacked by a werewolf I think for today
I say we just leave it Zoey and I'm just
gonna a little one I'm just gonna put
some different ones on here we go I'm
not wearing the jeans if you're
wondering I'm off to town now well I'm
currently in town I just drove in to
meet a friend for a coffee
I've seen this friend for literally like
year but within one second again on my
car remember that it's halftime and I
don't know if this is going to go down
too it's going to be so busy being in
town that I had even flogged my lunch
although I did just go to Oaxaca we just
got into the cinema what's happening
what we watching um if next week that
you can just flock in the cinema yeah I
know that's basically I'm about to watch
without watch girl on the train
although we've been given an entire
cinema to ourselves you some loser wave
which is crazy super super excited rich
means I can block obviously a continent
the film there's nobody else hit like
your mum and dad here cousins here can
they be a cock-blocker I'm getting told
off of log n why my family I see you off
to the film film is over
that was amazing look at this the entire
cinema to ourselves a private screening
that's so crazy
that was a good film a lot darker than
what I thought I had no idea what it was
about girl on the train really really
good crazy like so crazy we're heading
back to mums now to all grab a wagon
mamas
wait wasn't the plan to pick up a wagon
mamas on the way on the way home
should we quickly get one of these on
the way sri winner grabbing machine come
on
20 Peas oh no we're gonna get a lot
pound pounds do person pounds instead
will it get our care to dance he was a
10 or 20 and that one you don't know
what that is 5 pounds each Sean we have
to be quick because the others are in it
basically you guys know I've got some
private parking spaces in town near my
office so my car's in that car park but
everyone else's cards are in the normal
car park so they've all gone to drive
back to my parents we popped you're here
five pounds each whoever can win the
best toy that's the competition win
whatever you won so you could play it
safe and get one of these little things
but if I don't win anything one of them
is better than nothing and then you win
win something
Oh a rubber duck would be a good win
this is what Sean once I have no idea
how it's hanging on there because this
bitch Griffey a slanted band look at the
level of they're gone then go and knock
out this is the best for Shirley you
want to get under they can eat there but
do you not want to get under the top and
hook it up like flip it up go on just go
for 50p to play put a pound in two plays
Shirley it just goes down and up oh
you're joking
what right second guy Sean dude
and I can it ever Oh boys Oh piss
wait for it all right I'm doing it I
might here we go one pound this chalk
law is probably not even worth - perhaps
yeah it extends out too far oh darn it
it could be it that could be it that
could be it I think it's giving - I give
up no no I've still got fifty being
therefore we like coupla
centimeters out OOP someone's lending
the money yes that's the guy that's AH
is this your tactic so this literally
there's a spongebob notepad you've got
you ready for how many I'm gonna get oh
my god Oh more money and then that came
out no then you are gonna get mad
that anoint pads are a weird angle oh my
god it it just moved
come on didn't you ever get yeah oh is
moving basically we're going for this
notepad oh hell no
oh oh I could get the ball
oh my god it's owned it you gotta poo
he's so nearly got as well
oh my gosh oh that's it the thing is
it's wedged oh my gosh it's wedged in
there
Sean's gonna try and win dad which one
of these I've just won him a poo why we
winning dad toys and no sowho's like
this song ready
oh yeah that's a good one yet that's oh
my gosh ah that's the guy that's the one
have you got any more money how much of
your left did you spend all about one
pound left money you key won I won the
competition I want it with a poo
thank you so much so we just picked up a
wagon one that's for everybody because
we thought why are we ordering up we're
gonna disappear by yeah we thought why
are we all ordering a takeaway over the
phone or online when Sean and I are
already in town
so you just picked one up I've got like
a million bags books with my mum my dad
poppy
Sean me Zoe and my cousin is he got a
lot of us I'm gonna watch Great British
Bake Off and we need to go we're running
late dad I got your present and it lays
your eyes close your eyes we run out
there you go it's a boom we won it on a
2p machine - what - pre machine we went
to the arcade you didn't and we also got
all of this this is the last ever
episode British Bake Off Zoe's cannon
carried away doing everyone's hair look
at mums hair Lizzie's hair mom's hair
I'm showing in the fringe them 2016 is
Candice
just go back home now trying to get into
bed but this little one you in my bed
you're in my space all tucked up in bed
guys that was an awesome evening I found
her the last time I properly properly
logged was when I was on the way to go
and get lunch was it was kind of like to
put it was a like four o'clock it was
super super nice really nice catching up
my friend I didn't film anything because
as I said I hadn't seen him in like a
year or something crazy so we were just
catching up
then we went off to the cinema and we
saw a girl on the train which was so
good I didn't know what to expect but it
was really really dark like murder
smashing people's heads in I kill it it
was quite extreme a lot of like cheating
in relationships and it wasn't very
happy I was expecting to be like a nice
I just didn't ever look it up or
research yet I was expecting not be like
a rom-com but the cute film definitely
was not a cute film but good really
really good
we then when or Shana dies do you think
it was going to be cutesy yeah I didn't
have a clue what it was then everyone
jumped in the cars to drive home except
for me Sean and I kind of got
sidetracked and went off to the arcade
for a little bit then we picked up a
Wacom umbers went home watch Great
British Bake Off
with a wagon moments and then watch the
newest episode of the missing it is so
good like so so tense I cannot wait for
the next episode guys
if you're feeling nice if you're feeling
happy go down below hit the thumbs up
button and I'll catch you or subscribe
if you haven't already hit the subscribe
button I'll see you tomorrow but when I
say anything before we go no I just
would like to say that Gavin is Daisy
Christmas officials not loading what we
don't need to watch this again Zoe in
everyday we've watched this so many
times already this year
I love Gavin and Stacey but this is the
only episode you watch I actually don't
know what yes this is the only one also
can we talk about Zoe what arrived early
at the house Christmas tree at Christmas
tree why did a Christmas tree arrive I
not yeah
I can buy it all right so you never just
gone away to try and hunt one down
they're all on the website everyone
knows Oh Eve or Christmas tree the other
day and it arrived our house today we've
officially got a Christmas up up ya know
when's it going up and they remember the
first I see it white guys good night
I mean that's not Nutella Dona is here
but it's you have Nutella papi it's
going every
