we're going to kick the day off with
some vocal exercises to energize
ourselves wake ourselves up I'm just
making this up in the spot I've never
tried this before but I've got a gym
session now and I'm incredibly tired I
literally woke up like 20 minutes ago
we're gonna try a new thing where we
wake up well yeah okay that yeah that's
felt weird I feel like everyone could
hear me
good morning how you doing today we are
straight off to the gym let's go there's
nothing else to say let's go hit the gym
you know what sure like that chanting
this morning could have actually done
something I felt more awake in that
session than I do usually like that
session was so bloomin intense and I
managed to do it now just taking my
little candy cane out for a walk you
look so cute look out keep your look
she's loving her life I completely
forgot that it's halftime there are so
many of you guys in this park walking
around and I was not I was standing out
like a sore thumb everybody here knows
that this is not a little because look
at that blooming out there she looks so
cute should we run coming in coming in
Oh bloom a neck you're quick I've got a
quick you off for a parka coming in come
on let's use faster and for those of you
who say that pugs are fat and lazy look
at this note to self never ever go to
the park when it's half-term was that
busy was it like a meet-up do you meet
lots of people so many of you guys just
like chasing me around the park the
entire time that was absolute like nuts
to many of you guys can't do that again
but even those girls they're just
standing there taking pictures
but you still had a good time didn't you
oh I'll look up money you're getting my
chair I forgot to bring a dog blanket so
now let's just sitting on there but
she's got a little seat belt on haven't
you
you know doggie seat belt on come on
let's get tree oh you're gonna make it
all muddy she's so excited for this
treat there we go
brand-new as well she loved it in the
bark we got sent this this morning from
Madeline it's like a charity thing
that's going on at the moment and a
being here and they sent Zoe and I
matching pajamas so me Zoe and Nala can
all match this is helping how cool is
that charity is I love your hair today
Alda hey Children's Hospital charity
they help raise vital funds for
everything from life-saving medical
equipment to the development of the next
generation of medicines for children
100% of the profits from the sale of the
PJs go to charity and they've raised
over 1.3 million pounds so far luminar
previous older hey Christmas charity
campaign right I will leave some links
down below if I forget please remind me
go get involved go buy yourself a
matching pair pajamas that match me Zoe
and Nala and let's miss my charity let's
do it
we're currently watching vlogmas we're
currently watching Zoe's I look at this
notice you wait your MyLab say let my
vlog intro it's so sick I love country I
can't believe we're watching vlogmas now
oh now that that's you you idiot that's
you know I never watch back my own
videos or our videos cuz this is Ali's
not mine oh yeah you did that for me do
I have to do that this year PA you have
to do that I'll do something creative
don't worry guys help me think of
something digest good then good girl
come this bacon with me come on let's do
some Bacon's oh he's doing a puzzle it
just that looks like such but it looks
so intense
how many pieces okay you do that whilst
I do oh my gosh we've got like Astro Boy
going on the other day I made some
waffles whether or not they actually
worked out too well that's a whole
nother story but I did make some waffles
I made one that was Nutella and whipped
cream for Zoey and for myself this was
riding it by the way if you didn't see
the vlog on actual dinner I made an Oreo
mmm and chocolate bottom one
you guys went absolutely crazy you loved
a blob for some reason the video had so
I think like 70,000 thumbs up so I
bought something yesterday it arrived
today and tonight we're gonna make it
we're gonna make it we've had our dinner
we're about to have dessert this is our
dessert not dinner this time we've
already eaten dinner
I fought an actual doughnut maker but
this is the same kind of thing as the
waffle thing
but it apparently makes doughnuts and
we're about to see
let's open up gay comes with a little
meal pronger thingy look at it double on
your doughnuts I don't know what - what
did you say your prong my donor okay
this is like a little cool mat to put
your doughnuts on to call them down why
am I saying it low there's always
checking to make any sense and a
doughnut too many times so you should
see this this is so sick
let's plug it in there is so cool let's
turn it off just for now comes with a
handy little booklet that tells you all
of the ingredients that you need to make
the different kinds of doughnuts
I had to flip through it you can make
basic doughnuts chocolate chip doughnuts
maple syrup doughnuts nut doughnut spice
doughnuts chocolate doughnuts pumpkin
doughnuts peanut butter and honey
doughnuts chocolate glaze basically you
can make so many different kinds of
donuts but the recipe that I'm going to
follow today is for basic donuts there's
a ton of ingredients plain flour sugar
milk eggs baking powder vanilla essence
and cooking oil now I'm going to add one
more thing because I want these donuts
to be extra special I don't want them to
be basic so hopefully with Fleming got
some Zoey doing opening are we do
Nutella today we're gonna make enough
jelly doughnuts you're gonna have one
pop
now I'm gonna freestyle it no I'm gonna
follow the basic donut recipe and then
freestyle in the Nutella why
okay well I'll do half basic half
Nutella
does that sound good I'm gonna get all
of the ingredients ready put it all in
little pot so that I don't have to do it
all on camera because that stuff is
boring just like getting eggs out
getting flour out give me a little bit
of time to grab all the ingredients like
this egg and everything and I'll see you
in a second Poppy's found a new a new
happiness
what would you live every light everyday
like what do you say to me the other day
you said I live every day like it's the
last we're blessed to be alive we're
happy we're healthy why okay we are
lucky poppies turned a new leaf she's
turned into some inspirational talker
every day when you're walking down the
street everybody that you meet can you
check how much you're like the bacon one
you need to help me out there I could
225 ml of milk no that's one points
where's Miller me where's Miller here
just above that a quarter above that no
papi that's 400 okay are you serious no
that's 300 there we go perfect all right
now let's keep that ear there what are
you doing a blog post on it that's how I
that's called being a Virgo you do each
item at a time
wait tablespoon of baking powder you can
drink if you want drink if you want go
on uh-huh
I bought it in that glass
now if you help me quickly bait some
donuts and then I'll give you one to
give Shawn because he's not well wait
wait
look at grumpy poppy is she doesn't want
to help me oh you'll make just could
you're eating healthy at the moment so
you can't eat the products that were
making right so we're going to add in
everything I'm gonna pass it to you you
add it in how come my careful all right
come on you had some as well
all together yeah everything in and then
you're gonna scoop that in you go
how'd you crack your egg just on the
edge trying to crack it you get it up
are you gonna get that big crack oh did
you get shell in there oh my poppy
now you got don't have your mix in it
it's gone you can have a car you are no
danger for this Oh dirty you're so bad
why like you've got a KitchenAid haven't
you yeah I just had to just get you to
dip my hand oh that is quick last time I
was doing this about 20 minutes
it's cuz I'm hedge just getting the good
angles stop okay is that done yeah you
serious you actually done though yeah
alright come on let's do this
you can stay again different angles wait
no no that's not gonna fail wait come
really close don't mess this up now pop
because I know what you're like wait I
need to add some Nutella into it yeah
ready
Oh baby
one perfect
- what's happening what we make in that
looks so good do you think these are
going to taste nice hey Shirl it's just
like sure it's just gonna like how your
ingredients can't really taste not nice
can they swear to cooking out yeah maybe
we need to close it it is cooking at
10:01 all right yes that's why so mix
into there you at no not yet
quickly grab a teaspoon oh god it's a
new one disaster Oh get poked with this
no no it's so pleasing it's so pleasing
that you do it it's so good gentle isn't
that so good look are you we have time
but they're all expanding no you can't
do it like that oh my god quickly
they're going it's going everywhere I
mean that's not Nutella donut is it what
is you half Nutella
poppy it's going every it's doing half
it you've messed up my things so bad
look what you've done this is these are
your ones I'm going to make some more
after hey you can take these back for
you and Shaun then they're ready yet
oh my god they look sick don't they look
good okay I won't show anyone new fabric
look at that doesn't that look amazing
that looks so good aren't you already
put them on here yeah I'll be putting a
tail on evidently you can see those ones
I feel like it's not cooking the other
side yeah that's what I'm confused about
Alfie's batch will probably you better
cheerful very hot that one's perfect
yeah probably poured a bit too much on
these ones let's try one wait oh wait a
minute what that's no way to the cooling
tray I need to go home go by day by day
quick then the Nutella might not be nice
because it could be burned is it good is
actually
hmm so poppy is just gone so he's back
to doing her puzzle and I'm gonna make
some more I've got ice cream scoop for
the Nutella proper big scoop of Nutella
with this guy hmm
oh my gosh and I'm gonna drop it in here
hmm
that was a solid nut and a ball whisk it
up with the Nutella this looks
incredible
it literally looks like marble but you
know the marble effect that people have
on their like phone cases and stuff
let's scoop this in
should we have a little check see how
it's going
there's still a red light that means
that they're not fully ready I'm so
excited oh they look insane they look so
good
have a look look how amazing then seem
oh that's hot
they have to pick up this better hi Wow
then they look good yeah Wow duh do you
just have to pop the middle out no you
get a little prong anything like this
stick it in the side and then you lift
up and the left side they're not fully
ready oh yeah they're not ready yet they
look okay just flipping them all over
just to make sure that they're all done
a couple of minutes have passed let's
check up on our baby on our baby cakes
Oh lemon Eck another one stuck to the
top right let's get them out and get
them onto the cooling tray I think I can
just pick them up to be honest
ah no I can't get over there get over
get over there up good whoop okay I'll
let them cool down for a minute and I'll
turn that off leave that open to cool
down how's your puzzle going it's going
all right but just get in there you got
have you got all the edge done two
pieces but they D H pieces yeah look
there's that bit in that bit they go
together
yeah mission one I'm missing two bits
are they in the box on my drum beats on
time them yeah see if you can see yeah I
mean I went through the whole thing and
I don't think you don't fit there in
there
Zoe there's one edge is it done
or is that just one more one more can't
find out it's not in there no I just run
to all of them we're missing one edge
unless I missed one as well we're
missing one little guy just over there
Oh
be sure it's not in here somewhere it's
got slack on it oh no it's got um pink
flowers on there pink flowers under here
anywhere under the edge check under the
edge zoe found it yeah all good yeah we
can just go gradually over the next
couple of days fill it all in wait what
does it actually look like it's a Great
British Bake Off his net oh wow it looks
crazy and we're still watching Zara's
blog mess look at me can't you wear my
elf onesie it is time to try my little
Donuts just put them all on here hmm
that's actually good honestly
it's quite dry good I can definitely
taste the Nutella as well I'm back at it
again watching more
family vlogs I can't stop watching young
couples of kids I think I've just found
like my new thing on YouTube to watch
young couples with incredibly cute
children I was talking about this to a
friend out here and they were like you
are so broody on you Alfie for a baby
and it's not that I'm broody it's not
that I want a baby right now like I
don't think I would I don't think I do
want a baby right now it's more is more
I'd to know I don't know I'm just
finding children at the moment so cute
like I feel like I want like poppy in
Shore and probably in short if you're
watching no pressure but I want you guys
to have like a kid soon or something
because I need a baby in my life but I
don't want it to be my baby because
that's what much work so I thought he
had only been about half an hour since I
last blocked Zoey has gone up to bed
she's not feeling too well um but it
turns out it is been looking around a
half because when I left her on set I
mean she was this when I left her
upstairs I started playing I went on
Netflix and played off the Christmas for
her while she was falling asleep which
is like one of our favorite movies that
we watched together
I think last December we watched it like
every single day at least once if you
haven't seen it you need to go check it
out Arthur Christmas it's amazing but
anyways I thought it had been a half an
hour I was just signing because because
you guys know that I'm signing 3,000
scrapbook of my life's for Christmas I
don't know where they're going yet I'll
let you know once I know I thought no I
come downstairs but the guinea pigs
running around they're so loud I'm just
giving them a little treat as well so
they're like super energetic anyways
like I said I thought we've been like
half an hour since I last blogged turns
out when I just run upstairs now to go
and get my comic so if my camera stares
after Christmas had already finished
like I've literally saved over an hour
and a half signing all of these pages
for you fully finished now I've done all
three thousand of them which is so
relieving because I didn't think I was
going to get them done in two
I'm they getting picked up I think it's
tomorrow or the next day but I spent so
long signing over the last two days that
got it all done one thing that I'd love
to do in the evenings is have a bowl of
cereal don't know why like some of you
have seen with breakfast somebody will
have it for to be Mafia for lunch yeah
some be work before lunch when I was in
college I used to have it for lunch
sometimes not at college like if I had a
gap and I went home like a Bob's good
lunch
anyways I really really really love
cereal late at night and since I've been
going to the gym I've been trying to eat
really healthy and stuff and I've just
been craving Zoey had some like
chocolate cereal this morning I don't
know what cereal it is it's like some no
chocolate balls and I've been craving it
when I saw she had it this morning I was
like no II have your scrambled eggs have
your scrambled eggs instead and I did I
had my scrambled eggs but I can't beat
this craving tonight so instead of
having a bowl of cereal I thought I'm
gonna be sorry healthier I'm still going
to have to top the cereal but I'll just
put it in a little mug so I've got like
a mug of chocolate cereal that kind of
counts as healthy because I mean there's
probably like half the portion that
would normally be in a bowl and I'm sure
it will still fix my craving and to suit
my little mug I got a tiny little
teaspoon I don't know i'm britta man
weirdo I speak so much rubbish I've
spent so long recently trying to plan
this video that's going up on Friday
it's a daily vlog but the thing that I'm
doing in the daily vlog if I can get it
approved it's going to be crazy you guys
didn't get a new video from me today
which was yesterday for you because I've
just been trying to work up and having
like secret meetings off of camera at
this location trying to sort things out
to make this thing possible fingers
crossed it's looking really promising
I'm not going to tell you what it is
because I don't want to ruin any
surprises if I can pull it off if
everything goes to plan if the lawyers
the legal people that I don't even know
all people involved there's so many
people involved in making this work all
all give it the okay and sign all the
paperwork and stuff we're gonna have a
crazy crazy vlog on Friday I'm warning
you but I'm just hoping that it all goes
ahead because there's been a lot of work
going into this video a lot of planning
and secret meetings go into location
when I don't leak anything and that's
what I'm gonna say I might just end up
down here now you know because because
Zoey as fast asleep upstairs I don't
want to go up later on and wake her up
I'm just gonna watch some Netflix enjoy
my little bowl of chocolate cereal if
you enjoyed this vlog and you're like me
making the donuts give the video a
thumbs up go down below your challenge
today I feel like we should just go
massive the first pumpkin DIY buddy got
got over a hundred thousand thumbs up
the DIY Oreo chocolate waffles got
seventy five thousand dumbs up your
challenge on this video is to beat the
pumpkin one we're gonna go big we're
gonna go literally just go for it you
have to beat the pumpkin one so that is
over a hundred Scott like one hundred
nine thousand I don't even know if we
can do that I don't know if that's
possible let's do it guys if you can go
down below smash the thumbs up button
subscribe so I'm trying to get this one
little bit of hair look at this eye
flopping down subscribe if you're not
already my subscribers been going up so
much recently so thank you so much for
all of the love and support on this
channel I felt I was going to sleep I've
got chocolate cereal I don't let her
sleep anymore something actually really
exciting is happening two more evening
it's really kind of cool
Zoe sorted all out it's nothing as
stupid and crazy like no it's pretty
crazy
it's nothing stupid Zoe sort of it so
therefore is it's pretty cool but it's
not like a bad score or hot tub or
something stupid like what it's
happening on Friday anyways I'll see you
tomorrow guys thank you so much for the
love and support like I said I want to
start doing something in these videos
where I shout one of you guys out or a
couple of you guys out every single
episode I don't really know how to go
about it I might just do something like
whoever gives the video a thumbs up and
leaves a nice comment and I'm going to
pick like a comment of each vlog and
shove it in the next vlog and say thank
you at the end of every single video so
start in this video if you thumbs it up
leave a lovely comment I'm going to pick
one of you and show it at the end of
tomorrow's video and say thank you to
that person in the video just because I
want to be able to get you guys involved
more more of these with these daily
vlogs and I'll catch it why good night
guys we're on the way now no I can't
I'm not sure it's good sure let's go to
the toilet
