good morning gorgeous
good morning oh why are you licking my
nipple no no no say good morning to
everyone if you don't say come on I'm
gonna roll you over I'm gonna roll you
on your back good morning how you doing
this Sunday oh that doesn't feel like a
Sunday where she no ello mate
it's gonna say you ready for today but
you kind of already and I'm kind of
showing my pajamas ya know get your ass
up there I know I just want to feed feed
my dog feed my dog look what we did you
and how good is this instead of
measuring out every meal yeah I'll uh
and then now we just go breakfast
breakfast I done did entire breakfast
time
that's so good all right times up okay
I've told these guys what we're doing at
all she's my kind of late I kind of
don't really know what to expect either
you give my good yeah I'm gonna tackle
you no you're not I'm going to talk to
you yeah don't really sorry let's show
them what we're doing today
we'll both tackle you happy day Oh
knowledge doing a way we can't show you
yeah I probably she's not going away
I'm excited go for it God eat it quick I
wasn't gonna steal it let me have some
today we're off to an NFL game like an
NFL game let me know what to expect in
football it's gonna be good it's gonna
be sick I think we're gonna have a
really really cool experience for any
tourism board are the ones like bringing
us their they've given us a baggage or
just news there's a little tackler on
the inside we're here you go whoa oh
you're hot in the toilet
oh no Sookie oh did you have
by okay I need to go through these super
super quick because we've got a car
waiting outside to take us oh my gosh
there is so I don't know what is in here
they've just given us these bags what
I've got an umbrella
I got no umbrella in case it rains today
I'm guessing what is that bad for my
umbrella the biggest you can tell it's
from America because we can't pick that
copiers oh look at the size of that car
hot or cold beverages what have you got
short some flip-flop sound flip I don't
think I'll be wearing them today then
next up we got like a pencil case gone
up there oh that's really cool I like
that exam since either it's checking it
wash bag or pencil case Barney oh
there's sunglasses we're gonna LA baby
thank you very much we got a hat I'm
just gonna put everything on and this is
what I'm old as notepad as well these
are the tickets we can't forget them
this is what I'm most excited for
yo yo yo yo look so so thing XD baby
also have you wondering why sound lispy
I've got my braces in the Rams the Rams
around baby doesn't like heat saying
baby still around la MLA favorite I love
I got my tickets
oh boy little one I'll see you later
tonight enjoy your little treat alright
we just got out of our car editing the
vlog whilst in the car and it still is
just saving at the moment you excited
ready
we need to purchase I know we need for
the gesture but I'm worried what if we
wear the jerseys and it isn't the
popular team and then we get beaten up
by the other team on the way in yeah I
have no idea guys I've heard that to get
tickets this game it has been incredibly
hard apparently they've just sold out
like milliseconds so I do just want to
say thank you so much to the LA Tourism
Board for sorting us out it means a lot
we're gonna have an amazing time and
just experience our first NFL game yeah
it's going to be cool once we walk about
this 2-mile sees that very it's
quickening stadium it's massive looking
sure we're on the way now no I can't
film that sure it's good she wants go to
the toilet look how busy it's got guys
the crowds and mad well though
everyone's very calm this isn't like a
football game there's no chance to know
anything this is all chilled yeah
finally free security we just walk it in
now to where our seats are thank you
thank you so much we've just arrived in
our box what me and Sean are the first
ones here not late today we've got
Maggie serve enough T yes Maggie's got
the popcorn out yes Maggie hey ah ha you
excited for the game Maggie yeah
Maggie's here got the popcorn out and
everything Oh Maggie Maggie let's go
outside to have a look at these seats
they are all
Wow Wow
neta saves
and then we're going down here in a
minute apparently we're going on the on
the bitch alright so we've left our
seeds and we're heading down apparently
to go onto the pitch mr. Leon busted is
here he's already taking his job off
once and he's been there about 15
minutes basically what's going to happen
the whole day is going to be nipples and
volleyball he tried to go into the into
the stadium topless and they made him
boy one of these jerseys just away yeah
because the biggest if they didn't want
the players to feel bad Leon W goes on
you look too good players these guys an
athlete you are a guru that's a pretty
small end you've got there the whole
squad is here all the players are on the
pitch
these days
like
women stop
excite the scale of this is just math
Wow
this whole venue so how completely
everything will see in 17 minutes 72
minutes
hell I might oh the hell is around or
the cheerleaders are coming out the
excitedly on
again is bowing out for this help me
with the girls
hey my gay how you dad yeah really good
you sing it David
you are
oh yeah
yes Nicole Scherzinger my food has
arrived I'm just gone in before we catch
our food sit down Candide is ruled on
bed
no idea what the scoring system is
one knows it's 1000 channels very very
technical
no idea was the only one who actually
knows I wasn't wrong out the gate while
this is a floating camera at the bottom
there's a camera and it just filming now
I can go over on everyone had it floats
around so there
that game was so awesome unfortunately
we lost however that's to add so much
fun
look at that within no time the whole
place is empty everyone's leaving at
such a good time yeah all cheeky got one
of these on the way out thank you so
much have a lovely evening Maggie it's
nice to meet you see you later
oh my god it's calyx don't just cut it
hey man it's calyx scallops
hey it's calyx oh my god it's calyx
Skyhawks
hello scallops
come on where is he there he is
bloom Annette calyx has arrived
living out hallo there you go let me get
it there you gotta send it to you
everyone screenshot that tweet them it
forever are sick its calyx
you know I just slept like most the car
journey this my neck man and you're
playing a game as well with your thumbs
on the game but you are like pearls
playing the game I nearly upgraded the
wrong characters I was worried that you
are so tempted but you four reports no
dough no not Jay Taylor yeah
nice you know I would just thought I did
it myself though ages trying to I'm 1182
now hello behind the door I can see you
through shit a ball yeah it's gonna say
you look so shiny
okay run away from me then he lets say
shiny I miss you oh you do nice day yeah
why did you miss me good did you miss
this no no I didn't cause you fired on
me this morning as well please no does
that mean too far and then hugs are
really tight so that yes same that's my
favorite toilets it's like a shame yeah
I do it like every single day so we have
a toilet downstairs in Zoey's office but
she's used it as storage so on top of
the toilets full of boxes and at least
once a day I go to go to the toilet down
there open the door like bursting I
don't even know I'm telling you yes
bursting for the toilet and then realize
that there's loads of boxes on top of it
and a car naturally guy anyways about
them now filling
feed-in a week which should just over
powering up anyways only now we cut the
bokya because I need a weed that's from
in the toilet I never weep seeing a bit
cast away literally on my favorite films
so what you're vegetarian you can't love
cheeseburgers so we're watching the
movie castaway if you haven't seen this
film before you're missing out guys it
is so so good so is never I mean
honestly never seen this Zoe what's
wrong you are huh I got this so much
nicer alright but it far not sure what
you mean
ducky dog Missy head we need to go to
bed now can I come to bed that is the
end of the video or the lens looks a
little bit dirty
I completely forgot to end the vlog as
you could tell but my voice a second ago
I was so knackered last night we watched
the film castaway one I favor films like
I said if you haven't already seen it go
check it out thank you so much to
discover la for taking us to the NFL
game it was so much fun it's lovely to
hang out with everyone as well I will
catch you two more evening guys thank
you so much for watching this video your
challenge today is to get 35,000 thumbs
up go down below smash the thumbs up
button 35,000 thumbs up if you want to
see me do another DIY video comment down
below some suggestions I've bought some
crazy stuff to do some more fun videos
should be arriving tomorrow for me so in
two days time for you anyways guys I
will see you tomorrow thanks again for
watching good night what did you know
you don't want to be young dad I know I
do want to be a young dad I think you
probably just will be anyway no would
you interests will totally subbu is
you're gonna do
