good morning guys
give morning I am absolutely knackered
like a feel like I've like worked out or
something in a heaven I'm so drained
everyone else is up though he's already
awakened in Joe's room saying goodbye to
him because he is off on tour starting
today no he won't be sure to mark all
about to meet for breakfast it's meant
to be there one minute ago I'm getting
ready I'm getting ready that's the
quickest getting ready I've ever done in
my life my absolute we've really proud
how's it going you proud of me you
excited
me yeah oh yeah any money Casper still
asleep
they're gonna miss tour day one day
probably last you know what he has get
your charger Jay you can tell them Thai
guys he forgot breakfast
they just finished it up show your
little parents Oh what do you do it what
you doing there cheer later bye to
display the phone and we're just
swimming around having some fun
this is exactly what I needed
it's so hot
oh my god this is so much nicer
I can the door steaming out all right
I've been after my camera over here
little fogging up I'm going to break
down gin and tonic in the hot tub man
spa days are just the best office
changed the password
to my locker room I try and get into it
man I can't because you change the part
well then you just get have to wear that
forever my fireman and my manuals are in
you go get your hotel room oh yeah
come on see I do it see ya
you're leaving the spa now that was that
was awesome we need to check out I need
to get home and edit my blog goodbye
room you'll be missed
Marcus's room was it a clock tower so
we're trying to find out I've no idea
where we are just amazing thank you so
much oh my gosh literally up a little
clock tower
hello mr. Ferris man look at this hello
it's got like a corridor like I said
it's like a little apartment mm-hmm oh
this is so cute oh it's nice look at
that yeah a little window oh I love it
any little tiny blinds and the top
garden of Yin it's lovely in there
just go home and all I want to do is go
and put on something I'm gonna go put
some comfy clothes on I want some
tracksuit bottoms and I want like a vest
or something I have got so much footage
to edit for the vlog which went up
yesterday for you I think I've got like
an hour and a half of footage to turn
into one daily vlog trying to think I
get asked why how much I actually film I
would say for every 10 minutes I film
there's only 8 minutes of footage that
goes into these videos and the rest of
it is me just like doing stupid stuff or
waffling on boring stuff but yesterday I
film like an hour and a half of footage
do you just fall over so we try to pull
our drawers up and just fell over
hi I'm gonna get changed put on my
tracks your bombs gone just feeling so
good the vlogs from yesterday was so so
fun so I hope you enjoyed them that have
they started NOLA quickly we right so
there is a fireworks night going on in a
park in Brighton called Preston Park and
I think it's going to be way too busy
for Zoe and I to actually go to the
event like we're not even going up to
park that if we wanted to go we would
have had to park there five hours ago to
have to get parking space so we're going
to try and drive and get as close as we
possibly can and just enjoy the
fireworks can you hear them oh my gosh
quickly
I think all of these people kind of had
the same idea as us ah ha ha
I'll let just puck damage double-yellow
we can yeah yeah yeah yeah parking space
should have bought a tripod lookout sick
that time lapse would be look at outside
with the light of the train that is a
super super brief set of firework I want
to try and show you guys this house it
goes over the top beware of the dog stop
thank you for stopping and taking the
time to view this we're collecting for
UNICEF who are helping children on the
island of Haiti after Hurricane Matthew
last year our efforts of Halloween
raised over three hundred and
seventy-five pounds for the Teenage
Cancer Trust thank you if our garden
brings a smile to your face or bring
your children here Halloween wait so can
you go into their garden
generally I think you go into the garden
that you do thank you for the continued
support on the 31st of October 2016 from
3:30 onwards two creatures ah right we
should try I want to come and donate
some money all right I'm going to try
and film their house for you they go so
crazy
ha ha ha they're so cute
I wish I was young enough to
trick-or-treat but I think it's actually
illegal oh that's so creepy
I could dolly with a nail in it I miss
your knowledge divin can you see her
head she's just watching TV she's
watching x-factor so oh my gosh this is
why am I so shiny in yesterday's vlog
when we were at the horror experience no
medes hat fell off and had a pom-pom on
it like you know their hats with a
little fluffy bit for some reason on her
fluffy bit you can attach it and detach
it let take off if you want it off and
have it on if you want it on
anyways on one of the experiences
perhaps Beloff and the guy who works
there ran and grabbed it fell I jumped
off of the tractor grabbed it for her
went yeah they gave it back to her and I
was laughing so much because nobody
realized to set from her me that the
pom-pom was missing and then later on
she told everyone that like my pom-poms
gone now I just got out with no pom-pom
we're all laughing we're watching Zoe's
blog back when I was anything it I saw
her and we can see the guy gives it her
he's got the pom-pom on the hat when
he's got it and the pom-poms on there
when he celebrates that he's got the Hat
that's in the pom-pom kazoo so the
pom-pom was still on the Hat and cheered
the guy who works there yeah that it
flew up as he did that literally like if
he stepped one foot forward it would
have landed on the tractor look look do
you see the pom-pom let's skip wait let
me dress Gonet next scene next scene is
that when it's a loss is that the Bom
Bom no that's is that
Jorgy see now he's celebrating now it's
up in the air you celebrate in pom-poms
gone pom-poms gone there's no pom-pom
so what oh look there's a little bit
wacky pronto
look at her hey go backwards
there's the pom-pom there's the bump on
the black bit on the top no it's not the
Lele let you see a face she's looking
for it oh my gosh so if he literally
didn't go yeah in air or stepped one
step forward so that when it came off it
landed on the tractor no me you could
have had your pom-pom I just thought I'd
let you know in case you're watching if
no me if you're not watching this
everyone going to it no me until her
tweet no me r.i.p hashtag r.i.p pom-pom
anyways we're just laying on the sofa
Nora is fast asleep aren't you and we're
watching The X Factor says Owen I
watching the cutest vlogging couple ever
they're like super young she's at 19 or
20 or 20 they called okay baby
I've never seen them before though he's
watching a few times before and we're
watching a video called
school up what's it called father and
son surprise mum pregnancy announcement
and it is the cutest video I will try to
remember to link it down below a
pregnancy announcement and honestly guys
this is crazy it's one I favorite things
to watch is young couples with kids I
want to go and watch that couple that
stayed in Brighton that time they don't
have a kid the cop with the said white
in that time do you remember they do you
have a kid they do have a gig yeah I
want they don't have a kid
that's what we want yes alright though
is just getting up there channel a
moment there called the young yeah there
we go let's already drop down from your
search previously they're so cute they
came to Brighton but when we saw that
they came to Brighton they have how many
subscribers do they have 843 800 444
like not thousand just 844
with the youngest I really like them and
they're so cute
Bethany and Daniel the color corner
Rimmer who's a little girl he's just so
cute Oh
guys watching all these blooming
vloggers there's too many amazing family
vloggers out there to watch look at her
like there's something interesting his
vlogs as well
guys please I'm gonna link down below
I'm gonna link you three family vloggers
with kids that Zoey and I love watching
that's the third then we ended I love to
say we've done two out three right so
number one this is not in any order
number one is okay baby oh my gosh you
guys need to go and see that pregnancy
announcement basically I don't want to
ruin it but she does a pregnancy test he
switches it out I don't wanna give away
too much he switches out with your
pregnancy tell them to go and watch it
it's really good I feel like if you say
too much it's not as like but her
reaction is mind-blowing it's like is it
you know I've never seen someone so
speechless in my life and then the
second young couple that kid to go and
watch to have a kid I feel bad just
coolin there may be a kid but a little
girl it's called the Young's go check
them out they literally have 844
subscribers I deserve so very amazing
and now the third person is you guys
I've known Rhiannon Ashlee for like how
many I've known you longer you yeah I
think you actually have hope you like
seven years I've know me Anand she's
probably been in like a bit if you go
back in some of my old old drugs I bet
you she's in there somewhere but she has
a main channel but I am which I love and
that's more like fashion based kind of
thing I love her second channel - it's
just Rhiannon a she vlogs and she
recently had the cutest baby ever she's
called Delilah I just Rhiannon I think
because we're just quite similar like I
find her vlogs really like relaxing
there are very all three of the people
that we've just told you now their vlogs
are very just relaxed like in these
robes I get quite excited I get high
tempo and
like don't do activities or I do like
recently a couple of my DIY chocolate
stuff and I'm quite energetic a lot of
the time just because that's how I am
but these guys are so relaxed they're so
just like you're following them around
for the day and it's almost like you
could sit down any dinner
like what watching these videos baby oh
my god she's just the key look at that
milk drunk and the baby is so pure going
to see how soon actually are you yeah
yeah I'm gonna good see ya
and she lives cheap site quite close
Justin shake like I don't think in
Brighton but fairly close to us look at
all my recommended videos now they're
all like labor and delivery story our
first baby surprising my husband we're
having a gender reveal surprise
pregnancy in under a veil oh my god
time in America I'm not sure why that's
on that the organization videos Bath and
Body Works Christmas candles Oh guys I
know if any of you watch any like
family vloggers please let us know like
particularly personally up for young
family brothers I think there's
something about what you know you don't
want to be young dad I find no I do want
to be a young dad I think you probably
just will be anyway no what do you mean
just well who is younger than me haha
you're gonna be a young lad I do really
really want to be a young dad like you
know women holiday mature that dad had
the tattoos on and he was just cool I
want to be a really cool young dad I
mean I'm pretty young at the moment of
90 23 so I don't know how young a dad
I'd want to be but I definitely want to
be quite young that doesn't mean that
does not mean there were trying for any
kiddies
we're not we've got we've got our little
sausage here if you watch any family
vloggers out there
young or old but personally I just love
watching young I think it's because it's
more relatable I think that's what it is
the more I can see myself in them I
think I just like a like family vlogs
because the dynamic is like so different
like mmm it's shared channels as well my
hair is awful dynamic slightly different
because there's like a young there's
like a child so the dynamic is differ
but also I just like a long gay life
like I'm not really into like big
elaborate videos like I'm not really
into like watching pranks or like crazy
stuff I literally like watching someone
fold their laundry and put it with like
that's the stuff I enjoy what I was
instinct into the washing yeah this is
life like I love that I love that shares
and I feel like you see a lot of that in
family vloggers that's probably why yeah
I think I just like watching number one
little kids they're just so cute and so
they're really noticing oh I'm watching
you I'm minute ago when that baby was
literally like it is own well just
smiling at the camera like his smile is
grin was so big at the camera and I'm
just like oh that's so cute but he just
like you just don't know what they
thinking
you don't know what's going through his
head he's like 1 years old or something
and also a love just watching young
parents just been so cute with the kids
or even just young parents being like we
don't know what we're doing
this is our first time being parents and
then getting things wrong getting things
right and just learning as you go along
and just being funny it's been young
parents having fun I don't know let us
know in the comments any any young
family vloggers that you guys watch I
want to check them all out and then my
subscription box is just going to be
full family vloggers never have to start
just in our own babies clothes so that
she counts as a baby
that'd be alright with you that's not
dressing in human clothes
you stay there Missy this isn't what you
think it is
alright let's close that I've decided
that it would be much more efficient to
weigh out knowledge food into bag so
that every single meal time which is
twice a day for Nala we can just get one
of these rather than measuring it out
every single time so I just grabbed a
load of plastic bags I'm going to fill
them up with the amount of food that she
eats and then obviously every single day
we're gonna have two empty bags so I
will put those in the pile and then once
a week I'll just kind of refill all of
them and then we'd have to measure it
out every single meal time somebody has
realized what I'm doing here you go you
can have a couple what have you done
Nala go to your bed over there come on
go to your bed Nala to your bed go on
okay sorry yeah go to your bed
come on to your bed you don't do that do
you tell everyone what you just did
what did you do go to your bed come on
up here come on
don't laugh you're gonna if there's
parents keep a straight face Nala go to
your bed
see look what you've done now you've
laughed this isn't your bed is that she
does understand because the second ago
just told look at her for the first time
in months
knowledge is pooed inside by the back
door normally she barks to let us know
that she needs to go outside
she just snuck off for like two or three
minutes and I knew something was wrong
but she came in to acting strange so
when I unchecked and there's a little
pillow on the floor she knows what she's
done I told her off over there outside
and then I sent her to her bed and she
was in there sitting there just like
staring at me
and now she won't look at me Nullah what
have you done
you naughty okay I forgive you good girl
I forgive you I feel so bad you look so
cute
