good morning guys good morning how you
doing today is take number three attempt
number three attempt number tois I think
that's right under into a I've been
trying to shoot this video this one
video for direct line three times now or
twice now this is the third time it's a
public video so amount about on the
streets chatting to people as they're
walking around first summit is raining
second time it was literally dead like
there was a light it just wasn't the
right Cooper people nobody wanted to
stop because it's blooming freezing
hopefully today today it's gonna be the
day there's no rain it's pretty nice
weather I mean it's still cold don't get
me wrong it's December but it's Sunday
so everyone hopefully will be in a good
mood
filmed half of the video absolutely
chucking it on with rain we've had to
stop gonna have to carry on another day
this weather it's just impossible on a
positive note just what mark a really
good Christmas present Poppy's joined us
and we've both got heard some Bobby
doesn't ever heard how annoyed scale of
one to ten pretty annoyed pretty annoyed
thank you oh here as well thank you
finished up lunch had a couple of
coffees rich I should never have had
multiple copies in one day he's actually
had eight shots of coffee today I know
Gary shopping for mark we weren't
planning to but it marks just so easy to
buy for that we've come into Topshop so
it just picked up couple of things there
later on obviously I got the present
early on as well Sean's just shopping
for a party that he's going to tomorrow
Papi's done a bit of shopping just
chilled you know cured Sunday see you
later goodbye sorry when you have that
present today yeah I haven't wrapped it
up oh okay that's fine because London
it's just been sat by the front door I
think it
oh my god I love it I love it
do you like it
Merry Christmas Marc hates giving
presents I hate receiving press like
this is a crowd honestly it's nothing
special I just thought oh it's heavy
brim in hair and it's broken because I
dropped it but it's not like the package
is broken but the thing is it inside
isn't your the wrapping papers go this
is sad
I love this it's like you can proper
heat them up which means I'm Jane and
tonic sipping sound yeah it's like real
like pudding
you know Jim Chaplin uploaded a video on
how to make funny is the other day and
also I need to stop my car there you go
this is literally yeah sorry about the
box and I don't know what this says oh I
think it does you have to make tonic
Sarah
I've never had onyx serum before yeah
because I might be like they were so
amazing in Edinburgh oh yeah so I'm yeah
Thank You Man well I've got you you
probably got yourself but you made it
also looks like Zoey just gave mark all
of his presence from her in this
wrapping paper so it looks like I've
just stolen one of those present this
myself but I ran out halfway through so
I've got you've got unity that's okay
okay are they joke you know they're like
I just like the nuke event it just looks
like Mark even if you don't like it yeah
this looks mark okay it looks like oh my
god
the diffuser it just looks very much
barest isn't that right no no wait
I did smell yeah but I just thought it
just looks cool even if it doesn't smell
good it just looks cool that will like
the valve get lovely in my bedroom
now that's quite luxurious that I bet it
smells nice on the reeds I feel like
when you sniff a diffuser like that you
don't get the proper smell because yeah
it's hard to smell it in this shop it's
real strong let me talk they're back in
here guys have another we're in the shop
it was strong I've never handed this
brand I saw the next three things just
like these are mark as well he probably
got them or I bet if I don't fastest
like these look like mark okay in fact
all about I was just I looked like my
home is that really easy then you know
I'm very specific look is it like
we got this
no but this is me you got to see my nips
as well yeah oh my love yeah you know
it's quite see through this one oh my
god it's quite see I mean I will be
naked I know that's really nice thank
you so much so lovely let me say nippy
though is that no very Christmasy very
festive
that's not risky you can see through it
yeah but like when it's against your
body like that you can't see at all look
in the camera and it's like oh you can't
see at all
see you next year man he's nearly like
30 next year Oh focus me focus okay time
to cook my dinner
so like haven't eaten properly over the
last couple of days yesterday brought
her breakfast
today I also didn't have breakfast
make sure I'm still eating three meals a
day no more missing meals no more
forgetting tonight is an evening of
sorting we've got tons of wrapping to do
before we go away tomorrow - she's
always family for Christmas eating my
dinner at the moment got some cheesy
pasta and then we've got oh look at the
little penguin we're watching happy feet
yes just started you've never seen this
you're gonna love it and then we've got
tons of unpacking to do from from London
we still haven't unpacked a suitcase
from yesterday or the day before I need
to do a ton of washing basically just
like a real sorting kind of evening this
t-shirt is incredibly tight must be like
a large 9 XL sale it's like I'm naked
right now which I'm really not I've just
gotten hot top ah I've been feeling so
damn inspired recently just the last
couple evenings it's always the evenings
I get into watching or listening to load
of podcasts I listen to load of
motivational talks I listen to loads of
talks on self-belief and doing what you
want in life and a lot of talks on
startups and business strategy because
as you know I'm launching a new company
I still can't get over that I look naked
yeah I'm not naked
let me wrap something already let me
wrap this around it's not so weird we're
better I just look like father Christmas
I'm launching a new company soon where I
haven't really spoken about it too much
in videos and I don't want to build it
up until I be a big part of the flog
straightaway because I don't want to I
don't want to be something that I talk
about but I can't show you because it's
very very early stages of the new
company like one outsider when I start
out these videos I was like 15 16 years
old all I used to do was go to school or
go to college and in my spare time I had
no commitments and nothing to worry
about
the amount of change that has happened
throughout like the nine or ten years
that I've been on YouTube is absolutely
insane like I'll sit in here thinking
earlier on about my videos not my
content about what I'm gonna do from a
pointers blog - I know and different
things that I want to work on
and grow in the future and I was like
damn I remember back in like 2013 kind
of time and 2012 and 11 obviously as
well as that when I literally had
nothing to do in the day a set from like
film one main Channel video a week and
maybe a couple of vlogs if I felt like
it and that was it that was my job
that literally couldn't be further from
what my job is now like my time spent on
videos is so small compared to time
spent in meetings compared to I'm spent
doing emails and do it everything like
that like it's actually insane and I've
never really sat down and thought about
it and I think the reason why I'm
sitting down and why I'm thinking about
all now is because it's coming up to the
end of the year and I'm reflecting and
I'm thinking about what I want to do
next year and what next year it's gonna
bring and everything like that like I'm
always somebody not always happen
somebody that's very very focused on
goals and challenges and I always set
myself a lot of tasks and a lot of
things that I want to accomplish a lot
of goals
I'm really really drive to make sure I
do them like I've always been like that
I remember straight up when I was young
I would get a piece of a4 paper like
this is how I made money when I was
younger I'd get a piece of a4 paper I'd
fold in half and I'll get my sister papi
to do a drawing on it or I would do a
drawing I'm quite happy birthday I
didn't put a little table outside our
family house I'd have that 10 20 cards
for sale I'd maybe pick some Gardens
from the flower and some God yeah it's
late
I let me pick some flowers from the
garden and and I'd be selling those
items people that will pass for money
because they were all at our secured
little kid like trying to make some
pocket money people would always buy
them off me like from such a young early
age I've always wanted to do more I've
always wanted to own a business start a
company do my own thing I guess what I'm
saying is that due to it coming to the
end the at the end of the year I'm
really like sitting back looking at my
job as like a whole and my life and what
I do every day and it's bloody mad I'm
like 24 years old
and I never thought I would be in the
position I am like I've always liked I
said always wanted to like run and own
businesses and stuff but I own quite a
few different companies now and I in
shares like a lot of different companies
now and I invest in a lot of different
staff and property and crypto currencies
and different startups and things I'm
doing now what I've always wanted to do
and don't get me wrong I've been
blooming grinding for a like the amount
of time that I have spent grind in
making videos like I used to do 13
videos a week at one point for like over
a year or two 13 videos a week I found
what I love doing such a young age and
just really pushed hard and drove and
put all my time and all my energy and
all my money into making that my job and
I'm so bloody lucky to be in the
position I am today where it is fully my
job and I'm able to be so flexible with
what I work on one thing that I'm
working on crazy hard at the moment that
I haven't really I mean have touched on
a little bit my blocks it's hiring
people but it's also exciting and it's
not often that I sit down and I chat
with you guys and I reflect with you
about how crazy everything is and how in
my head I don't know part of me it is
hard like being 24 and now being a
grown-up and like having multiple
different businesses and companies and
and being really really professional and
working like bloody hard every single
day and then part of me is like in my
brain just a little bit is it still on
I'm gonna admit to you guys it's like
man I'm only 24 I should be out
traveling the world I should be out
having fun every single day with friends
like I'm in a very fortunate position
where I do earn very very good money
where I'm right I should be out what
climbing having fun going go-karting and
going paintballing and going trampoline
parks and doing all fun stuff like that
I shouldn't just be absolutely grinding
and building new businesses and
working bloody hard on like my emails
and interviewing new people and
investing in startups and stuff like
that there is there is a little bit of
my brain to the side that does think
like know you're young make sure you
have fun but then the rest of my brain
is like no that is fun all of this stuff
is fun for you this is what you enjoy
doing and I know that is what I enjoy
doing and I can do that stuff in my
spare time I am so excited for 2018 like
I genuinely believe in I genuinely feel
like 2018 is gonna be the best year of
my life it's gonna be the year it's
gonna be so sick and one thing that I
haven't publicly with you guys touched
on too much in 2017 that I there is no I
really want you that is gonna be really
really incorporated in 2018 and I'm
literally gonna have a team of people
working on this like straight up I've
got a team of people working on this
his charity projects like I invested a
lot of time and a lot of money
personally into charity staff and like I
know spoke recently about the model is
charity that I'm working wave and I've
got this massive new thing that we're
doing this big campaign they've been
doing it Brighton together and I've just
donated I think it's five thousand
pounds to that charity to have this
statue and I'll tell you guys more about
it in the future
but I've been working on something for
maybe over two years now that does take
that long and has taken that long to
happen because it's all done in a
certain structured way to be the most
beneficial possible but have been
working on something really really
exciting but 2018 is gonna be the year
when charity is really really a big part
of what I do
publicly with you guys not been working
on something for over two years now with
my lawyers and charity specialists and
my finance team to make something happen
I don't know what I'm allowed to speak
about yet publicly make something happen
and it's literally been taken over two
years so far to be able to get all these
right details these intricate things all
in place and lined up for it to be so
beneficial when it happens but it's
coming together and there's gonna be a
team of people work in just to drive the
charity side of everything we do look
as charities such a big part of my
personal life and something that I'm
like I mean I'm such a fortunate
position that yo how how could you not
want to want to get involved in charity
stuff I'm rambling on
I'm just getting too excited about
future stuff and I just wanted to let
you guys know how exciting for 2018 let
me know what you're excited for 2018
yourself let me know if you've got
anything called the alert let me know
in fact comment down below three things
right now
alright them down on a piece of pen and
paper and notepad or your diary or your
phone notes and tweet me a picture my
Twitter's a point this blog either
comment down below or tweet me three
goals three things three goals that you
will know accomplish in 2018 wherever
that certain grade on piano ever that
start a new company whoever that's start
vlogging with us again a in your
geography a level whether that's become
a doctor I don't know what it is whether
it's get a promotion in your job let me
know three things that you want to
accomplish in 2018 make sure that
they've really challenging this is the
year that all gonna push yourself so
we're gonna drive bloody hard we're
gonna grind really hard we're gonna work
hard I'm gonna really really try and get
my fitness on point and we're gonna work
better more efficiently and harder and
have even more enjoyable time doing
things that we love I'm ready for it I'm
feeling motivated I feel like if you're
not feeling motor haha motivated or
20:18 go listen to some inspirational
talk some inspiring videos some
self-beliefs and there's a lot of
awesome people out there that you can go
listen to and trust me you will
literally finish watching their videos
and you'll be like I'm ready I'm ready
why is it not January already okay right
I'm gonna go to bed now if you've
enjoyed the vlog give it a thumbs up
subscribe if you're not ready guys
literally link is down below hit the
subscribe button I feel like I just
don't ever really tell people to
subscribe anymore or every push it there
is like a little Bell thing that
notifies you whenever I upload video if
you want to take that as well link down
below to my merchandise it's 20% off of
everything at the moment peace out
get it I'll get you tomorrow
