good whoa
that was embarrassing let's just pretend
that never happened I'm gonna live in
the video and we're just gonna pretend
that that voicecrack never happened
Oh No good morning guys I hope you are
having a lovely day whatever you're
doing wherever you are in the world the
weather today here in Brighton I mean it
looks lovely over there blue sky over
there it looks like it's about to rain
but I'm feeling good I'm feeling
incredibly good today I got back super
late last night from the Seidman book
launch oh my gosh Nala just scared me so
much the door just opened by itself and
I was literally I didn't know that was
if he come solo to the video anyways I
just want to say something incredible
this just happened that I've just seen
so not in yesterday's video but the one
before the Oreo and chocolate waffle
video that I did that was trending
number 10 on YouTube the next day number
10 so I challenged you to get
yesterday's video to hotel rooms one
idiot that's me to beat number ten on
the trending page I didn't even think it
was going to be possible like I just
said it as a kind of like a joke such a
challenge we're currently trending
number 12 number 12 and that could carry
on going up like that could go up to
number 10 number nine number eight
number six number number one so I just
want to say thank you so much for all of
the support on that video it is
mind-blowing your challenge for this one
is to beat number 10 again we're gonna
try and get I believe in you guys we can
do it we can beat number 10 but that is
not it I also have another challenge for
you today a while ago I worked on two
videos with the company best fiends
and I challenged you guys to beat me in
the game that same company got in touch
the other day and they told me that they
just bought out a brand new game called
best fiends forever it's the second game
in the trilogy
and they told me to download it have a
play let us know what you think of it
and once downloaded that game I don't
think I was ready for how much I was
about to play this game you guys who
know me well watching this video know
how much I love gaming like
that's computer gaming iPhone game in
Xbox gaming PlayStation gaming whatever
it is I love games I thought I'd
download the game try it out and see
what they're saying see if it's good and
see whether I should actually do
something with them to work on a video
for you guys I'm just going to show you
I'm gonna show you I downloaded it like
this is like the most I've ever played
at an iPhone game I downloaded it eight
days ago it literally says can you see
that total active time 15 hours and 40
minutes I've had it eight days and I've
played 16 hours on this game you know
Enzo and I went away to the cabin for
the weekend we had no internet and no
phone signal I literally spent the
entire time playing this game like the
entire time I wouldn't be showing you
guys if I honestly didn't love it I'm
just gonna throw it out there and say
that one lever 166 166 so the new game
has the same characters as the older
game like temper
Dennis whisper etc etc etc but it is a
completely different style of game it's
one of these games that is like just
super easy let me show you what it's
like as I said I'm on level 166 you can
see up here and my coins right let me
show you all my stats if I gone
statistics so you guys can see cuz if
you play the game you're gonna want to
know my stats and I've got super silver
coins you start off with bronze coins
then you go silver and now as you can
see up here I'm on super silver should
we try and fight this boss let's do this
double my slap damage fight the boss
whack everything on every single special
attack come on look how much money I
made again come on come on come on No
look at gnarley' not as like what are
you doing
this shows wherever I'm gonna do it on
the of it no no I'm running out of time
okay right we're just gonna have to keep
one keep on training on these guys to
get some money to level up my little
characters I'm one level in two sun
shade grove so this here is my clicker
so every time I tap it attacks them but
these five also attack for me to fully
understand it you'll have to download
the game literature downloaded it got
the hang of it within like a minute
it also is like about how fast you can
complete the levels but like I said guys
honestly honestly honestly you know you
see in these videos that I don't work
with brands very much and when I do it's
because I genuinely
their product is great and like I
genuinely really really enjoy I wouldn't
be or level 166 would I I probably
beyond like level 12 saying this if I
didn't actually enjoy it go download the
app guys it is completely free I will
leave a link down below and if you do
I'm challenging you I'm cooling you out
watching this video right now I want to
see how far you can get if you can beat
level 166 I'm currently being sure and
so a feeling I'm feeling good tweet me
which level you're on but also attach a
screenshot because I want to see proof I
don't want to see any cheat in any line
said Alfie on one level 172 I don't
believe you unless I see proof we've got
a really really fun day planned today or
maybe the evening I bought something
crazy I think I've never ever ever seen
what I bought before she were going to
says and go and have a look as you know
mr. Joseph Segura is over at the moment
he's staying again tonight
he brought such a big blooming bag you
would think he's staying for like a
month I'm sure he won't mind me showing
you guys look at the size of his bloomin
bag so this is what I bought inside here
ah does paper cut my nose I haven't
opened it up yet I am so excited I don't
I just don't know what to expect so
basically I was online the other day on
Amazon searching for funny things to use
in these videos like the waffle maker
and the chocolate pumpkin and somehow
don't even don't even ask me helps I
don't know I came across carbonated
drops DIY beer so you make your own beer
and the way in which you make the beer
fizzy is you drop one just one of these
little droplets into the beer when you
put the lid on and this carbonation drop
makes the beer fizzy these little
tablets just one of them make a non
fizzy drink fizzy now I don't want to be
making DIY beer I want to be making some
DIY fizzy drinks that aren't meant to be
fizzy so what I'm saying is like what
happens if if we make fizzy milk here we
make fizzy juice I don't even know
possibilities are endless what I'm
saying is that I should go to like Tesco
as door somewhere go and buy a load of
non fizzy drinks and try these out and
make our own fizzy like wolf fizzy milk
tastes good
what about fizzy hot chocolate is the
hot chocolate imagine that I don't
really know so Zoe in Java on a
photoshoot at the moment another secret
photoshoots and such such exciting stuff
coming you guys are going to see soon
but they're not back for a few hours
from the shoot and then later tonight I
say I say we have some fun with these I
don't never clue what this is but this
arrived in the post I want to say
yesterday and it says to Alfie deyes and
it's from oh dear which is a website
that I love I don't know I haven't
ordered anything from there let's have a
oh hey out there here are some new
notebooks help you stay organized this
winter lots of love oh dear
ah thank you guys no way they're so nice
oh my gosh
what there's loads of them I love the
corner yo some tape
Zoe is going to be so jealous
that's awesome look how nice that is
I don't really know what to say other
than thank you so much thank you for the
notepads they will definitely help me be
more organized horses hey go
come and then bring it back oh you
dropped it back left back give me that
teddy oh okay you can keep it jo-ann's
are back from their top secret photo
shoot zoey is upstairs in a meeting on
skype
what you doing judge members us he is
playing he's trying to overtake me what
level you on the girl force is going up
come for a pause and I'm level 28 again
I was level 80 something Cho is also
playing the game let's go so quick he's
smashing enemy trying to overtake me
it's not gonna happen guys don't you why
well I think I'm going to pop out and go
to the shop and try and buy some non
fizzy have you got any suggestions
you said milk milk either milk hot
chocolate and I just have a look see
what they've got it is freezing in here
get that aircon on
that song it's so sick such a good song
alright here we go just popped to Tesco
cranberry juice good be good
coconut water we need some milk as well
that is this could be the best one I
can't imagine this is going to work
let's try it though what are a lot of
busy during corners who happens if we
put one inside drink that's already
carbonated just looking at the magazines
oh hello look at that that is so crazy
no way and look down here is not what
and there one two three front covers at
the moment if this busy drinking works
then we are in for a treat tonight I'm
just worried that like they're not gonna
dissolve or something like I don't know
how it works I just simply saw that it
makes beer fizzy so surely it must make
everything fizzy
you ready to see I just fall I don't
even know if it's going to work man that
was your suggestion oh we've got coconut
water mmm chocolate milk nice cranberry
I was thinking I'm really let it be good
and then lastly I want to see can you
got double fizzy a drink alright my
dinners arrived these guys ordered way
off to me so there's isn't here yeah
got calamari lasagna and I saw this I
didn't need it but I wanted that truffle
macaroni cheese what I don't know that
was truffle macaroni cheese so you ready
have to try and weave down this no move
in no no don't take my sock off I'm so
cozy take your circle I'm so cozy no you
can't cry about it let me do I'm not
crying
no just finish episode 2 of the missing
just insane like so tense but I want to
watch more of that I wanted to binge
watch it all night but I can't because
this comes out every Wednesday so we
have to wait until 9 o'clock on
Wednesday that's six days to the episode
three I think it's time go make some
fizzy drinks what you say NOLA
yes we go make some fizzy drinks only
fizzy drink fizzy milk I'm gonna kick it
off nice and simple with some cranberry
I've got I've gone empty tonic water
bottle I mean move you guys a little bit
lower it is time to make some fizzy
drinks apparently you need one drop so
one of these tiny little drops very 375
milliliters or two for 750 I just hope
you don't have to like leave it
overnight or something I hope it just
does it instantly right that should do
just open these nothing might happen I
don't really know can you put the lid on
I can see them in the bottom apparently
they need to fully dissolve so I don't
know if I just have to wait however I
can shake it why I could do is just add
some more to speed up the process so I
don't have to wait so long
Joey this one's for you man
fizzy milk coming your way I've got
another empty bottle I'm going to add
three carbonation drops and fill it with
milk this is going to be rang oh here we
go this one I don't need another bottle
as well I'm just going to drop open the
smoothie and drop a little drop in there
but then how to make them dissolve
quicker should I heat it up the drinks
aren't looking too promising I swear
they're just not dissolving very quickly
it says on the packet dissolves fully
but I don't know whether it's meant to
be like heated or something so here I
have got coconut water heating it up and
I'm going to put in one drop and see
what happens
things are kicking off it's like
steaming that little drop thing is all
like stop look look how much it I don't
know if it's fizzing or just boil in I'm
gonna I'm going to turn it off it's a
calm down coconut water calm down
it's been an hour I've left them an hour
I poured out the coconut water into here
it looks absolutely disgusting I've got
the milk and I can't really see where
anything is dissolved or not in that one
this one I can see one of the two and
this is the fizzy cranberry and there
are tiny little bits left in the bottom
oh man looks nice
I'm going to pour it all into glasses
it's nothing oh yeah is dude ink
innocent smoothie it could be a big fail
awfully this is going to fail is NASM
this is this one looks like it's a
physics look what is that karma juice
cranberry yeah did I think this is gonna
be as successful as your solid pumpkin
solid chocolate pumpkin I think this is
going to comport a oh darling listen is
fizzy
Cheers oh my god that's not fizzy at all
miners is whereas that's a bubbly light
slightly bubbling mine is a source our
minds physic no it's not fizzy rather
even just drinking milk after drinking
cranberries not good may you should try
it
you got mix it all together in your
stomach see what happens that's the real
test your house gonna be so bad oh
that's gonna be over like water it's
gonna like the birch waters so I was
like a stale farm in a good end looks
like it as well huh well guys these
tablets don't make your drink fizzy it's
a big thing what was I meant to do put
one in your mouth right now
Church put them in the bar get some
amount then put it in your water in the
mouth now I can expect to dissolve get
it down yeah swirl it around
crunch into it bite open no nothing
mmm-hmm we've sold your dad's phone
which if it lands in any of them you've
got to drink it or if you smash it and
if okay and if you don't then you then I
get to choose wrong for you to drink if
I'm gonna sell for me I'm not gonna miss
it don't get it in the big one don't get
it that first one ago yo my first
chocolate pumpkin video what's so well
the Oreo and chocolate waffle worked
incredibly well but these busy drinks
are not busy they're meant to be busy I
don't know how to do this if anybody in
the comments knows how to make beer home
DIY brewed beer and you know how to use
these please let me know so that I can
like make some fizzy milk and stuff I'm
going to end the vlog here because it's
already like super super light zoey is
fast asleep on the sofa Joe's trying to
talk to the guinea pigs for some reason
I told ya
well the weird thing is they are
actually coming over to you you know
these are hate me no they love me I'm
gonna end up down here before we got to
bed in the night and oh wait I'm sorry
and all her up if you enjoyed the vlog
guys go down below smash a thumbs up
like I said this morning your challenge
is to get above number ten so number
nine number eight number seven number
six or even number one on the trending
list I want to see how many thumbs up we
can go in this video we've got exciting
date morning I'm Holly Pearson negate
Ben's date leg evening yes
Joe's literally don't let the boy you
might know her I just did he kind of has
a little bit right no they don't love me
now they think you're going to feed them
all right I'll see you in the morning
good night look at the size of that bed
let's take the shoes off turn the hat
around ha ha ha
