good morning guys good morning good
morning I should really be running
because I'm running late for a meal it
early running late for a meeting the
traffic today has been horrendous
normally to get to the gym in the
morning it takes me about 10-15 minutes
today it took me 40 minutes 40 minutes
to get to the gym this morning in the
car get a bloomin cycled in that time
although I would have then been
knackered for the gyms i cycling
probably would have been a good option
hey how you doing
my little sis yes of course thank you
pauses hen and now I'm running 12
minutes late for my next meeting
cool Internet this is not good I don't
if I've told you guys but I've got a
couple of private car parking spaces in
town near my office just to make parking
easier so that I have to queue up and
it's a lot cheaper as well because then
I don't pay to park can't even speak
then I don't have then I don't have to
pay to park in a car park every single
day I just pay like every month anyways
today the road that my car parking
spaces are on basically that road has
gone all roadworks going on in it and
stuff so I couldn't park there so
annoying so I just got sent man loads of
diversions and a road traffic and boring
stuff I basically ate from other meeting
relate for the next meeting it's not my
fault the traffic is so bad in Brighton
we've got a fun day planned ahead of us
just on anything I need anything from
the office no I think I think I've got
everything I need
tonight I'm saying in London I've got
the busiest day in the world planned
tomorrow like I've got so much stuff
going on I don't I don't know how it's
going to be possible like it's just
going to have to work and I'm just gonna
have to go from place to place to place
the base plate anyways that's tomorrow
I'm going to leave that till tomorrow
don't want to think about it it was it
made me stressed we're going off to
London but I am trying to sort out with
my friends do you remember in a blog a
couple of weeks ago me and my friend
Dave bought that tiny little house or I
say me and my friend I went along with
Dave whilst he purchased it it was
probably about the size of the table
tennis there
and they have the double bed ups comment
down below if you remember if the vlogs
caught something like buying a tiny
house or a tiny home it was such a fun
day and basically what happened is my
friend David's got 25 acres of land and
he's now moving in and it's going to be
like completely no better all all like
environmentally friendly like an eco
haven all no my camera battery's running
out George and he is going to live there
so he's got his little Hut there now
last time when I blogged the heart it
was on somebody else's land we just went
to go and buy off of them but it's now
on his land and he Facebook messaged me
this morning seeing if I wanted to go
over there tonight and have like a
bonfire and his Hut's there and just
chill and hang out and everything so we
might try and do that in a second
although I'm trying to ring him and
Facebook message him back and he won't
answer and I think it's because because
he now lives in the middle of a forest
so he probably has no signal after that
I've got to get my butt to London
because tonight I'm staying in a hotel
in London do you have to be there early
for my like 8:00 or 7:30 a.m. start
tomorrow I don't even know let's get my
butt home and let's go and let's go make
with this stuff happen let's get going I
can get out the office now
close my laptop get my car keys I
completely forgot that a pot in the
other car park today such a longer walk
to get there although the weather is
like so fresh and nice that the sky is
just so blue
so blue would like barely any clouds at
all
until I tasted you just got home Holly's
here watch Nautilus you're just gonna
look for Zoe I bet you she's not gonna
care
oh she's confused who is it who is it
who is it were you doing you're such an
idiot
why darling what will make sure the sing
I'm not left it here look I didn't leave
it there digit oh I'm so rank okay I
admit I didn't clean up my waffle
mixture last night and now honey is
fully stressing about it and she's
cleaning the sink I can do it it's been
a little while since I last vlog there's
a lot updating yeah Holly's still here
unfortunately struggling - what's my
love struck are there we go yes I love
coolin I mean I'm not saying that you
are
I love Kuhlman cooling old women love no
I dunno I call you love but when I'm in
the street and I let a woman passed in
my car war if I'm in town and I would
open the door for woman I'm like a girl
of I just like it I don't
anyway it's gnarly as fast asleep now
update time so is here though is that
from her their meetings
look at their little eyes hello Missy
and we've just got some dinner quite a
lot yeah and I both got very similar
looking drinks you get lemon-lime fair
so Alvarez or what you got I remember
I'll see you tomorrow I'm going to
London now I'm going to London all right
take on little dogie
well I've got any hands right now where
are they gone nice turn come on dog eh
you take care how do you want me to the
station
whoa
but who thinks Holly should come to
London oh damn it I think Holly should
come to London tonight with me I'm about
to on the train my train leaves in 12
minutes having bought my ticket yet this
camera's might run out George tonight
it's going to be following this around
to the left up here
tonight's gonna be crazy Holly's coming
to London not one minute fine in your
car oh and now you have got to come to
London that logic and Zoku see you soon
goodbye miss you already
I've literally got a couple minutes I'm
sorry until my train leaves and I need
to get my ticket as well tonight it's
going to be long
yo it's busy Lerman AK no matter how
late you're running for your train
always walks to the end that you can get
off first
this train is so long literally the last
door I can possibly get on
for you guys that was like the quickest
train journey in the world for me the
net side that's what I allowed London is
just so much noise constantly for me
that was like an hour and 20 minute
train journey struggling to listen to
music because I also needed to charge
hey I did because I also needed to
charge my um my phone at the same time
and obviously the new iPhone you can't
charge it and listen to music at the
same time so I ended up cello to work my
laptop which was really productive but
purely because I had nothing else I
could possibly do I am absolutely
freezing why am I wearing just a t-shirt
mogul everything above it thank you so
much ma'am have a lovely evening I've
stayed in this hotel before and he just
realized oh please use the main entrance
so ever have stayed in this hotel before
I just used the rock so don't if I told
you guys earlier but I kind of have to
that looks like three two hotel rooms
tonight so the reason why I'm in London
I don't know if I've made it clear let
me just sit down and have a drink so the
reason why I'm in London tonight is
because I sometimes do you guys would
have seen before my videos I sometimes
do like talks to businesses and agencies
and basically people who are interested
in learning about the YouTube space and
how we work like from how we earn our
money to how we work with brands to how
we make our videos to the fact that as
simple as some people some companies
just don't understand because they just
don't realize that we don't have like
full camera crews and production
companies and people tweeting for me and
stuff like I just simple think things
that seem simple for me and you who
watch these videos and is it's just part
of our lives but some people who are
super super important in things like I
don't know I don't want to insult any
companies here but like the big
traditional companies like
radio and TV and ad agencies and stuff
like that some of the people basically
don't understand YouTube and want to
learn more about it so so sometimes I
get invited to go and talk in front of
tons of super important people so I
think tomorrow there's going to be like
350 super business√≠ people who I'm
guessing don't have a clue about YouTube
and they've invited me along to educate
them teach them a little something about
what I do why I do it that I have fun
making it and then it also happens to be
my job and they asked me a couple of
days ago if I wanted a hotel room in
London and you guys know what I'm like
in the morning so there was no chance
that I'm going to be getting up in
Brighton in my house and get into London
for 8:31 it's just not going to happen
I'd let you have to wake up like 5:00
a.m. so they very kindly put me this
hotel room which is absolutely lovely
it's definitely didn't they put two
hotel rooms one for me and one for
somebody that I work with whether they
couldn't make it because they're
actually staying at our house tomorrow
to look after Nylund for the day because
Zoe is on an incredibly exciting photo
shoot tomorrow I have two hotel rooms
tonight I was really hoping that they
were going to join like you know when
you're a hotel room and there's a door
in the middle that can open on both
sides I was going to tip one of the beds
up and try and push it through to the
other room and then make it quad bed two
double beds push together but my rooms
don't join and I think if I take this
bed out of that is not even gonna fit
through that door let's let's check the
view ah so donkey honey man see right
this is hotel room number one very
lovely exactly what you need from your
hotel room a lovely bed oh my gosh
what's that what's this little door ahh
that is cool
it's massive in here he could blooming
this as I go now the room
now I think that other hotel rooms
should be along here somewhere
14 no wonder doesn't doing I've got one
one here on one room around that corner
ah are you freaking kidding me this room
is so much better this room is massive
this bed has got to be a king-size that
is way bigger than the bed in the other
room a TV I don't even know if the upper
room had a TV or not nice blue chair
alright let's check the views in here
okay exactly the same but it's it's
pretty dark so don't need a view anyway
nice table a bit to edit on double doors
the other one only had a single door
okay that is pretty cool
this bottom is so much bigger having two
hotel rooms means I get double of these
to take home with me look at this
lighting look at this this is so fancy
let's go get my case from the other room
look at that bathroom what is this what
is this this is tiny compared to the
other one and they were both the same
pride look at the size of that bed is
tiny compared to the other one like not
in general it's still a double bed like
it's big but compared to the other bed
which was the same price
this one is tiny I'm taking my pillows
I'm taking all the pillows with me if
I'm having two hotel rooms amazing I'll
make the most out of there and sleep
with eight pillows
oh whoa I don't even need to do my quad
bed idea look at the size of that bed
let's take the shoes off turn the hat
around ha ha ha ah this is awesome this
is so good oh man look at the time
quarter past midnight and I'm wide awake
it's time to ah the light on the other
side of the room is still on over there
I didn't turn it off just gonna put it
out of the wall
here we go that will do my phone light
on I've just been watching a ton of new
YouTube videos embed catching up on all
of my subscriptions box and I've been
getting tons of tweets and this has
happened a couple of times recently but
never this high before my newest vlog
that went up tonight for me yesterday
for you called DIY Oreo and chocolate
waffle that video that went up tonight
for me literally like seven or eight or
nine hours ago is trending number 10 on
YouTube
I have you on the trend in section it's
number 10 and they've just added a
features if you're on the video itself
look it literally says number 10 on
trending I don't know exactly how you
get there or why I'm there I know I've
been there a couple of times recently
alight number 27 on yesterday's vlog or
something apparently but number 10
that's not right near the top there's
some videos like number 9 number 6 some
of them have less views the mind so I
don't think it's just to do reviews I
think it may be to do like likes
comments views everyday so your
challenge today is to get this video as
many thumbs up as possible and we're
going to try and beat number 10 we're
going to try and get closer the number
10 on the trending topics that's going
to be hard because obviously a lot of
people could upload videos that are more
popular than the videos run up to day
for me therefore it'd be harder to get
higher up but that is your challenge
your challenge today see as many views
on this vlog as possible as many thumbs
up as many nice comments and we're going
to try and beat
but 10 on the trending spot I don't know
how we're going to do their I'm
just warning you now don't think it's
just to do a views in that I have no
idea you know I said I swatches in
YouTube videos I was kind of playing a
new app on my phone as well been playing
it for the light the last week and I'm
becoming upset like when I say I'm
becoming I've already played that for
like let me see you can see your total
game time on the outlet how long you've
been playing it and my total game time
on stats 15 hours 15 hours and one
minute crazy crazy crazy I'm gonna end
the vlog guys thank you again for
watching today thank you so much for the
love and the sport and the videos
recently it means more than you guys can
ever imagine and I just hope that these
videos in return for you doing
everything or the like for the thumbs up
that's the same thing or the comments or
the support whenever I leave the house
and I go out anywhere there are so many
of you that stopped me in the street and
say hello and you ask for pictures and
you save the you enjoy my videos and
that means the world to me like honestly
I know I say a lot but it means more
than you could ever imagine
so I hope they in return these videos
can like then I just brighten your day
if you having a bad day I hope that they
can take like 10 15 20 minutes out of
your day to forget about what you're
going through to forget about your
homework
forget about your hard times your
struggles if you're going through any of
that and just like take a liver your
brain have some chilled down time
watching my vlog and just take a step
back anyways guys I'll catch you in the
morning like I said a million times in
this video we've got an incredibly busy
day tomorrow so I don't know what's
going up and we just get after I've got
a vlog as much as I can and do whatever
I can for you I'll see you in the
morning good night guys I was just about
to put my camera battery on charge and
I've only got implements in the
room-service menu oh don't even start
Oreo chocolate buttons
