good evening guys good evening it is not
the morning it's not the morning I meant
to start this vlog in the morning
however today is just flown past it's
been one of those days where I swear I
woke up I was like this I'm gonna replay
the day okay ah looking at my watch
although I don't actually have a watch I
don't wear it let's pretend I'm looking
looking - iPhone oh that's early 8
o'clock that's a good time to wake up
and start the day fresh Oh what now
literally start my vlogging at 7:00 p.m.
like exactly 7:00 p.m. on the dot 1900
monday the 17th of october and it'll my
shoulder that was pretty good how you
doing you tired yeah join a little
brother or sister should we get you a
brother or sister how you doing you
having a good day let me know what
you've been up to in the comments today
I have spent the day just tied in and
sort in like this house has been so so
so messy I cannot even describe like I
don't know it's hard because I live
obviously my own life so I know the ins
and outs of everything however I don't
know how much you guys get to see in
these videos like I tell you all the
time I try and show you a true
representative of what actually goes on
what is actually happening inside my
life through my eyes through everything
but I don't know if you can always see
everything that is going on because I
don't film for 24 hours a day
I should like wear some glasses with a
camera on them and livestream 24 no that
would be bloomin creepy ya shouldn't do
that anyways take my word for it the
house was incredibly messy today I load
of emails I needed to get sorted loads
of stuff edit the vlog bla bla bla bla
so done the house is looking incredibly
tidy and trust me upstairs is looking
immaculate as well the only sorting
we've got left to do is this pile here
but other than that look it is also tidy
down here it's incredible and then
upstairs is also pretty down
tidy basically we team worked it today I
check with the whole of the downstairs
Zoey tackled all of the upstairs to get
we got most of it done you know got one
big pile in there and then we've got a
lot of rubbish we need to go to the Skip
don'twe to the bin other than that we've
done more or less nearly as you can
imagine because it's 7 p.m. already have
a breakfast already have my lunch
so it's dinnertime I'm just putting you
guys balancing in here somewhere there
we go I bought something the other day
that I thought would be fun to do in a
video all of you an absolutely crazy
about my solid chocolate DIY pumpkin if
you haven't seen it it's got like nearly
a million views it's got 100,000 thumbs
up like as a joke I challenged you in
that video to get a hundred thousand
thumbs up I thought I was bent or I
didn't I was being stupid I was joking
about and somehow I've just seen that
the videos on 104,000 thumbs up that
blows my mind on one of these daily
vlogs we've managed to get 100,000
thumbs up so today I bought something
will any bite today it arrived a couple
of days ago but I was away I've got a
waffle maker like I'm guessing it's
really really big like a big waffle
maker the only thing that I'm a little
bit mmm don't know how it's going to go
is because I don't know how to make like
the pancake waffle mixture the batter
which is quite important if you make it
I'm guessing it's going to be in here
somewhere
in the instructions I don't know what to
what to expect this is cool I cannot put
out my bag and take that around with me
imagine on the train just cooking up a
waffle with this bit plugged into the
wall on the train well that looks nice
yes so did you want waffles for dinner
the only thing is I don't have to make
pancake mixture batter stuff as you know
sorry I have a ridiculous ridiculous
amount of chocolate and sweets in this
house but you guys send us a ton there's
a company send us a ton we get
incredibly influenced by like festive
occasions like Christmas and Easter and
Halloween and we buy a ton this is like
one of our chocolate cupboards and sweet
cupboards it is absolutely full like I
don't even know whether I should be
showing you that or whether that's
embarrassing because it's so full and so
messy that is Israel it is you've seen
it now this dishwasher is annoying me
Shh I didn't have to pause yeah
stop making noise we haven't had our
dinner yet Zoe and I so I feel like it
would be smart to make some savory
waffles so what I'm going to do is I'm
gonna get get some cheese out I tell you
what would be so delicious
well I'm gonna come at Subway if you
will and like hummus and pepper and
we've got head back yeah I know but you
have my goat cheese everything great on
the bloomin things spin it spin it would
be nice and pop the only thing though is
I then add my the actual batter
I'm guessing mini milk what's happening
we're watching out but I'm gonna I'm
doing my little Christmas organizer so I
think I want to look out
Zoe's got a ridiculous amount of
Christmas magazines all here she's got
an organizer for Christmas very
organized and prepared I'm more of a a
shorter week before kind of guy now I'm
actually quite good with Christmas
presents no not since I met you I don't
leave it to the last minute I am good
I'm just not as eager as you
yeah that's your mum like your mother
I'm sorry if you're watching this video
Traci but I swear your mum has bought
Christmas presents like six months ago
how to make waffle mix waffle fries what
it says prep five minutes I reckon I've
already been pregnant for like 20
minutes
why did it have to say beat them by hand
we've got a bloomin cake
anything over there Jamie Oliver if
you're watching I'm IX fluffy yet I need
some help man all right screw it it's
time to add in all the of ingredientes
I'm kind of just kind of just adding in
all the ingredients now at the same time
you would think I'm joking when I say
this but I'm genuinely not like a
promise you I'm not being able to work
out my arms tomorrow in the gym like
this is akin so bad I mean that looks
smooth to me think you might be done oh
my gosh that is so hot
okay the moment of truth this is it this
good bail is so bad I need it closer
Wow I need another scoop oh no oh no
right you ready
Oh No oh crap oh crap I mean we may be
having a tiny little issue here but
we'll just ignore it
I'm not too sure when we can check on it
but it does have a red light up here
which i think means like don't open it
yet I wasn't gonna ruin it so I'm going
to try and wait for it to go green but
it's smoking away kind of come across a
dilemma Zoey what have I done
ingredients you're following anyway
because I just followed you tosser I've
followed just the top search on Google
and one or a British one I don't know
half these put sugar in it therefore it
is not a savory waffle therefore if we
put stuff like cheese and peppers where
there might not take might not taste
good because I put sugar with it because
I just followed the recipe I'm baking
soda yeah I've never known for baking
soda and waffles
which I don't know we might just have to
have some sweet dinner some sweet at
dinner the bloomin lights going green
okay you ready
I honestly haven't looked yet
whoo that is sick
I don't know I'm so shocked but this is
awesome
Zoe you are not ready for your waffle
what do you want on it shall I just give
you a surprise what we do need is this
cheeky little guy hiding in there and
now we go to the secret stash and get
this out
I love her five minutes ago you like
peppers cheese spinach and now you've
got Nutella and whipped cream does it
taste good
because actually so I've come to realize
that there is no point going
half-hearted with this thing we've made
it with a mixture or the batter or
whatever it's called and I'm just gonna
freestyle it okay
Oreos I'm gonna put inside the thing
whilst it's cook in dairy milk buttons
and M&Ms like inside the waffle thing
we're just going to try it out this is
going to be like the most candy in a
waffle ever open up all the packets this
could be more stupid than the solid
chocolate pumpkin now that video is
stupid it got 100,000 likes let's see
how many this one can get okay that is
your challenge you have to beat the
likes on the solid chocolate pumpkin
okay and this is where we start add in
the other ingredients this isn't gonna
fit let's just break it Oreo Oreo
chocolate buttons and a couple of M&Ms
do not try this at home right we're
going to try and close it
oh my gosh I think it's closed I think
it's worked this is like ten million
calories moment of truth again the
little green light is come on guys
the moment of truth I don't even know if
this is going to be fully cooked
oh my God look is not done yet it's not
done yet let's leave it in for a little
bit longer it's been about 10 minutes
more the green light has gone off what
oh my gosh the chocolates like burning
we need to get it out we need to get it
out and try it go oh right let's turn
that off
so did you like my one what's yours is
green what is that
all right where are you putting yeah are
you supposed to do that so I don't know
M&Ms peanut M&Ms Oreos and chocolate
buttons you're probably supposed to
sprinkle it on top I know but the only
thing is I just think I just burnt the
Oreos let's give it a try I don't even
know if it's cooked guys don't try this
at home you're probably gonna get ill I
don't think this is cooked
Oh cheeky little peanut in mine for my
mmm let's burn it with a chocolate oh I
still got the peanut yeah it's not good
you shouldn't cooked it for so long but
then it wouldn't have been cooked okay
let's try this chocolatey bet mmm mmm
mmm no I'm eating it but I am I don't
know what there is actually cooked or
not so please don't try this at home and
copy me because I don't want to be left
at stake is that saying I don't want to
be to blame
that's a bet one don't want to be to
blame if you are
if you get ill however try me normals
they're just as delicious and then just
sprinkle it on top like a normal person
don't do it weirdly and cook it like me
got something to admit to you the
waffles
they weren't filling enough they were
kind of more like a dessert they didn't
really they didn't fill us up for dinner
so we've just ordered some pasta and
also got a brighter as well which I'm so
excited about this I my favorite kind of
cheese but I got a pasta with salmon or
do you know what it looks like this is a
bit right considering money enough
doesn't it look like one of the things
you love William when you're not speed
or light in the bowl yeah Oh should have
thought about that anyways we just
ordered some food because the waffles
seemed really fill us up and we're about
to watch the missing or missing the
missing episode 1 of season 2 I've ever
seen season 1 but apparently you don't
have to see season 1 to have see season
2 it's different storyline I'll let you
know what I think about how it's going
I'm all tucked up in bed I'm absolutely
knackered and I've got the gym super
early tomorrow morning I don't know why
I do this to myself why do I stay up so
late watching YouTube videos when I've
got to be up early in the morning if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up go
down below smash the subscribe button if
in already subscribed and I'll catch you
towards a new daily vlog getting that
guy's Zoe's embed at the moment and then
out there that goes out to the hot tub
where's the bathroom you're asked in
through here
