good morning guys good morning and
welcome back to a new vlog where I'm
currently as you can see in the middle
of nowhere so Zoe for my birthday back
in September booked a little oh my gosh
she's just started raining as I go to
blog but to little hideaway then if you
can hear Nala barking booked a little
hideaway for us in a cabin in the woods
like literally as scary as that sounds
like we are in that's like a little hot
I think it's call that logs and stuff in
it for us in the woods as you would have
seen on Twitter and from no vlogs over
the last couple of days there is no
Wi-Fi here at all like none if you want
Wi-Fi you have to go like in the woods
with your phone to have to try and get
3G and no phone signal there is no phone
signal here at all it is crazy but but I
just want to show you guys around
because it is so so cute we've had such
a relaxing last couple of days here and
then it's our last day here today and we
didn't want to film anything whilst we
were here we just wanted to have some
time off or even if I did film anything
I wouldn't have even been able to upload
it because as I said we've got no
internet but I do want to just show you
guys where we're staying what we've
experienced and how cute this place is
so this is like the woods the garden
when all has been running around playing
we've got a really really awesome fire
pit here where obviously you have your
fire in there and then you can sit
around here whether there's only Zoe and
I so I mean that's quite a big fire pit
for two people we haven't actually used
that area but I want to show you the hut
lot of the cabin the what I don't even
know what to call it it is so cute look
at this that over there is a hot tub
I'll show you that in a second this is
literally the cabin so you can open
these doors that go in it's tiny it's
tiny tiny it's like a little bungalow
with a secret area above actually let me
show you the hot tub because I need to
see wherever need to top it up this hot
tub is heated via logs like actual logs
so this is the hot tub here we're
currently heating it at the moment and
then you make a fire oh I need to put
some more logs on I need to get it going
all no it looks like it's gone out
let's get another log chuck him in there
I need to like push it around a bit
anyways that is heating the hot tub as
you can see of all the smoke coming up
there so and I gonna jump in there in a
minute once it's all heated up I think
it takes like three hours to heat up
it's been going for about an hour now so
we got a couple of hours left before we
can get in it all the tiny check the
temperature and everything this is
another entrance to the place but I'll
go through the main one to show ya ah
the sun's come out now around the front
of the place this is the this is how you
get in if you walk along there for like
five or ten minutes you get to where
your car can park and then this is the
main entrance now that's going to be
right by the door I can tell hello baby
where you go in do you want to go out
coming in that's should I take my shoes
off before I go in come on inside so
when you come through this door I'm
warning you now it is really really
small I'll show you the kitchen first
over here this is the tiny cute little
kitchen look at this we've got a load of
washing up we need to do so ignol of
that mess it is so cute
this one we bought like Coco Pops and
like crisps and we filled up the fridge
revita most of it obviously already I've
got some mac and cheese that I'm just
about to eat it's so so cute and then
from there if you turn around this is
the rest of the little cabin you got log
Ben over there with a sofa got knowledge
little bed we bought down there
obviously you can open up these doors so
you can just have all the air fresh air
exposed and all that can go in and out
she's been running around I'll show you
what's up that ladder in a second
through here got a little table to have
breakfast with the doors open and your
dinner
another little like log burner II kind
of thing some chairs you got the bed so
he's in bed at the moment
most little shelving bit super super
cute through here you've got like a tiny
little wardrobe area and then out there
that goes out to the hot tub where's the
bathroom you're asked in through here
such a cute little bathroom look at this
thing
look at this it's like a little bucket
it's so cool you having a good time you
having a good time running around in the
woods now let me show you this cool
little place up here because obviously
it's kind of like a bungalow this place
so that you can properly stand up up
here or have to move that bit to climb
up my head or up here there's a little
chair tune beanbags and a cute little
light and it's just like a little
chillin area wait can you stand up you
can stand up hello
and then it's got two little windows so
you can see out into the forest this
place is so so sick there is a horse
over there I don't know if you'll be
able to see or not I've got black on my
hand from doing the fire but over there
that's a new horse
well a little is blooming massive that's
kind of it for the little tour I'm not
going to film too much more because as I
said we're taking taking these couple of
days off a vlogging but I didn't want to
come and experience something really
really cool and awesome
without having you guys here to
experience it so I thought I'd bring you
along just for a little tour and then
cut that to a normal blog I hope you've
enjoyed it this place is so cool let me
know what you think of in the comments I
need to climb back down this ladder hmm
probably shouldn't do this well vlog in
let me know what you think of this place
in the comments give it a thumbs up if
you liked it and stuff and I see you on
my back home this is the scary ass walk
that we had to do in the pitch black
we've already that we've already done a
little weigh your eyes on the cabin yeah
Alfie you Nullah wants to be with you
Nullah
we litter that tenth of the way I know
you can do it come on come on Ella get
yeah we're trying to vlog whilst
carrying everything so if the angle is a
bit shaky in everything that's why we
had such a good time we just got in the
hot tub which you have to as you saw yet
to heat with logs we use it for four
hours and it was still freezing but we
enjoyed it we still got in we made the
most of it back through the forest we go
member that you need to stop on the way
out here there was a lovely man who met
us and helped us and showed us around
the cabin and he had a wheelbarrow with
him we'll borrow wheelbarrow with him
don't know where that's gone now but
that was definitely easier with that
he's given up no I haven't given up it
desserts yeah you know it barks go
really yeah I mean like when you're
carrying the shop in and it really hurts
it's not heavy painful yeah right Jim so
you all Oh God
we found the wheelbarrow come on up and
we got signal you got a phone signal
I got a cig no that was good that was so
fun we just took note on and then walk
before getting in the car as well and
now we're heading back home we're
heading back a day early we were
actually going to be leaving tomorrow
morning however we just think in work
out better to get work done tomorrow if
we're at home first thing yeah
mmm get the whole day here of the
Linnaean which is good exactly because
if we didn't book tonight
then we would have had to have left at
9:30 this morning
didn't actually mean to book until
Monday when I check my thing I was like
oh and there may be there I may have
even done it for that reason I can't
remember yeah you did this a long time
ago I feel like it's good to do things
like that every now and then because
it's like you recharge do you know what
I mean yeah well now I've come back one
into make videos more than ever and like
it's nice to not be constantly scrolling
for sure like you realize I have no idea
where we are you only realize how much
time you spend online when you take the
time to take it to not spend the time
one because that make sense yes it's
like crazy like we actually had like the
conversations well no we do normally a
lot more than normal
oh look at that house NOLA you already
asleep yeah the night gonna be home soon
I'm gonna bloom and go on a laptop
I don't know a laptop properly in like a
couple of days I'm so excited to look at
my subscription box and see who's
uploaded I don't know why there's a
strobe going on some victor of the
lights I'm sorry first thing we do when
we get back probably and Shaun come over
and we order I never let the fashion
stopped we order a wagon one mistake
away yeah so bloomin excited and we're
catching up on the x-acto basically
catching up everything that we missed
whilst having no TV and no internet for
watch loads of new videos on YouTube
that Rimmer sub box we're now watching
The X Factor and we're eating the
takeaway so good lovin happy if you
wonder where that last clip was I
completely forgot to explain it I just
let the camera up for the scrapbook of
my life my book you guys all know the
book I'll put a picture on the screen
now I'm signing like thousands of copies
to go up in like I think they're going
in books for Christmas I'm not really
too sure I try and find out where
they're going away
no Zoey sign 20,000 I'm signing three
and a half thousand so I've got boxes
down there full of them and I've got a
three and a half thousand to sign in
like the next week so I'm very bloomin
busy we finish up eating dinner and
we're all watching hunters back off what
I know an episode two so don't leak
anything in the comments I know most of
you guys would have finishing one that
we haven't already seen it you need to
go and see me you need to check it out
clean slash Miranda she's got her own
series on Netflix and so far Manion
episode 2 it is incredible
see you later good bye stay away from
the clowns
righty-ho those hooligans left now those
hooligans then are set up to sound like
a grandma talking about young kids i
don't know why i always think you're
gonna be hiding oh hello I want another
one so much it's not fair you're hugging
her now what I want guys I've come to
realize that there's nothing why it is
the lighting that's so bad
there is nothing more in my life at the
moment just in general that I want more
than another pug I don't if I ever told
you guys the story about when Zoe was
once again how I was plucked in like a
salon place the woman who sat opposite I
might have already said this I'm sorry
if I have but it would have been a while
ago come on Missy it's upstairs to bed
the woman who sat opposite her had a
white pug on her lap not for like not
the yellow ones a white one like actual
white
yeah let's share Big Brother Walter now
I've never actually seen a white hug
before I didn't even know there was such
thing it turns out there is Zoe was so
shocked and lying all on this little
white puppy that then apparently super
well behaved and only a couple of weeks
old I think it was at 14 weeks old
though he was so in awe of this white
pug that she asked for the breeders
details and the woman gave her the
breeders data so we have actually got
written down somewhere the details of
the breeder who produces what parks
there's no harm having two doggies
getting your first dog is incredibly
hard work like I cannot even describe
how much work it is when you get a dog
like honestly unbelievable but now we're
kind of like used to the dog lifestyle
so we don't ever go out for more than
four hours because obviously we have to
sit no like to the toiler and play with
her and take her out for walks and stuff
but we're used to that now and we also
have to be up early in the morning is
one of us one of us has to put her to
bed at night and all the typical stuff
that you have to do when you get a dog
but we kind of used to that and were
restricted to that lifestyle so if we
would have to I mean it'll add work but
it won't restrict anything anymore
because it's the same restrictions as
having one if that makes sense basically
what I'm trying to say guys here's a one
another pug and I want a white pug I
completely forgot to end yesterday's
vlog I've just been editing the video
now oh my gosh got my hair to go in the
shower if you enjoyed the blog guys and
you like the cabin place that we were
staying in the woods and everything give
the video a thumbs up to let me know go
down below your challenge today is to
hit 35,000 thumbs up 35,000 go down
below smash thumbs up and subscribe if
you're not already and I'll catch you
tomorrow
bye guys oh I think it's down okay take
care
