good morning guys good morning and
welcome to a brand new day today I'm
feeling amazing I got up early hit the
gym straightaway 9 a.m. Jim session man
it was a hard one today guys it was
really really hard because as you know
yesterday if you saw the vlog I went to
the gym with Marcus and bouldering and
bowling the bowling isn't like a proper
workout be still using your arms but go
to the gym yesterday and bouldering like
rock climbing that's working out twice
in one day and then this morning OSR
technically within 24 hours I went to
the gym or that worked out three times
in 24 hours so I'm very proud of myself
so and I just finished up a meeting
downstairs that we had that went
incredibly well as well I've edited half
of the vlog but I've got to stop editing
now because we've got a special guest
coming well I say we knowledge got a
special guest coming over and I think
you're all going to know and I think
you're going to love who it is if you
have Instagram if you have Facebook
you're going to know this very very
popular puggy we've got mr. Doug the pug
coming over today he's from America like
and I think he's over at the moment
because he's on a book tour ladies guys
it's a dog a pug with his own book out
taken over the world how crazy is that
he's got his own book and blooming all
that was scary
or like a bat in my face and as he's
over in the UK at the moment we got a
message
he's been tweeted I'm saying he because
I believe that it is him he's got his
own Twitter account his own Instagram
account and he said that he wants to go
on a date and wants to hang out with
Nala so we've we've cleared a part of
our Diaries they've cleared a part of
their Diaries they're jumped on the
train this morning and they're gonna be
here any second Nala is gonna have her
very first date today with Doug the pug
but she doesn't even realize what's
about to happen
do you you don't even realize have you
dressed up all nice for Doug have you
hey mister oh I think it's
down yeah oh hey guys
you hungry one treat can I get some
family photos hey is so cute
chill I love our relaxed years look at
this oh we're trying to take the perfect
pictures they are so cute together oh my
gosh I'm sorry Doug he's getting chased
I love what you doing Hey look at you oh
you should be bowing he loves it Doug
the Pug has left I'm so sad
he is so awesome oh my gosh I can't even
describe how much I want that dog just
to cuddle everyday he's so relaxed like
Nala in these videos I try and show a
true representative of what she's
actually like she's crazy
like she is so so excitable she's two
years old and a lot of pug owners will
tell me she's crazy because she too but
I don't know this just something in her
genes there's something inside her that
makes her just so so excited like I
can't even describe but Doug is like so
chilled literally I like stroke him or
like move his leg and he's just like mmm
like just you tell him to sit down for a
photo in his life you get him to smile
oh mate you tell him to smile and he
legit smiles for the camera like did you
have fun with Doug did you have fun with
Doug Doug you boy
your boyfriend no let's got a boyfriend
have you got a boyfriend oh you're so
cute she's been looking for him ever
since he left he's gone he's gone now
you were crazy a minute ago when Doug
was here now you're sleepy Missy hello
you tie it now you going sleep
she is so grumpy you come because I wake
you up
I'm just finished editing up the blog
for today had some lunch and just before
I go out because I'm about to pop out to
town now I wanted to show you this which
is Doug's book Doug himself gave it to
us today like himself Jake and his
owners giver hello baby can you tell I'm
talking about your boyfriend
look at this who's that oh look at this
that's so cute okay Nala okay okay Missy
Missy oh you snot it on it I'm pretty
sure I mentioned to you guys added that
Doug is over here on Auk book tour like
mind blowing this dog has a book this is
the book here called Doug the pug king
of the Internet he literally has over 2
million followers on Instagram 2 million
I've only opened the first page so far
and look at it it's signed white like
that's actually wet ink that's actually
signed I'm guessing by him this is
signed by him and that's Leslie who we
met today and I'm just gonna have a
flick through is so funny oh my gosh I
love him so much oh my gosh there's a
celebrity section of celebrities Hayley
Williams Christina Perri Tori Kelly oh
my gosh look at all of this Oh Justin
Bieber Justin as cuddle dug in Calvin
Klein's of course
Doug is just sick he's so so cool I just
thought I'd show you guys that book cuz
it is hilarious and they gave us a copy
today so thank you very much Leslie Rock
thank you for that thank you for
bringing your doggie over it's lovely to
meet you guys if you watching wasn't it
wasn't it so much fun wasn't it so much
fun yes there are I need to head out
because I haven't actually told you guys
something that's going on today yeah and
I don't know
I don't know what the plan is how it's
going to work so we're just gonna have
to see what happens for my birthday
Zoey bought me like a trip away we're
going to go away for a trip away for a
couple of days together in the middle of
nowhere though we've got this really
really cool licking like I don't know
not like it's not like a cottage how do
I describe her a shack in the middle of
the woods in the middle of nowhere
there's no phone signal
at all and apparently no internet so I
don't know what's going to happen we're
just gonna have to see what happens no
phone like no phone literally no phone
signals I can't even text and I can't
even upload org on Twitter or anything
no internet but I think you'll be nice I
think it's important to say breaks
offline and stuff like that and
obviously with me filming every single
day and uploading every single day take
your time off the internet it's not
something I ever ever ever do so I think
it will be nice to have a break have
some time off I'm gonna go to town
because I need to go I need to go and
buy some new black jeans because these
are the only ones I have and they're not
really jeans they're like kind of like
trousers like really really soft but
they collect so much dirt and dust and
stuff like this fluff maybe a couple of
new jumpers and t-shirts because it's
getting colder now and then I'm also
going to go and buy little food because
obviously there's no like delivery or
restaurants or takeaways or anything
like that where we're going for this
weekend so I'm going to go to a food
shop so that we can take you there today
and nollans coming as well aren't you
you excited
I mentioned it this morning if I'm just
feeling bloomin good today welcome in
just such a good mood I think it's just
because I got straight up and just got
straight to the gym there's something
about working out early in the morning
that just I think it relaxes me like I
don't feel as stressed always like I
don't know I don't know I can't really
explain it it's something that just
makes me feel better when I've worked
out and maybe that feeling is caused by
different things for different people
but I think I found out that working now
is one of the things that makes me feel
that way and maybe for you it could be
reading it could be taking a bath it
could be getting up and doing yoga I
think for me I finally found that thing
and it's working out found two bits are
like I haven't feel much whilst I've
been in town although I just bought
loads of delicious food from M&S as well
it is so heavy we've got to take this
away with us for the weekend I'm so
excited for this weekend away it's gonna
be so good we were meant to leave an
hour ago you having your dinner before
we go in yeah I don't mean to breathes
when she she just wants to eat it as
quick as possible we're about to head
off now we fully packed the car packed
up everything and now we can go and just
relax I'm going to shampoo and
conditioner you both have come on get
those
okay as you would have seen on Twitter
guys I decided to take this trip away
off of youtube number one because it's
just nice to occasionally take time off
number two because there's literally no
Wi-Fi or phone safer here so I don't
even know how would have been able to
upload even if I did and number three it
just did because I just did but I'm
ending the vlog because I I want to get
this one up I think it's going to have
to go out once we get back from the trip
because as I said there's no Wi-Fi here
or phone signal and I can confirm that
now we're here there is nothing the only
way I've managed tweets if I spy on my
phone going out into the woods and
trying to find 3G like holding my phone
up in the air anyways if you enjoy the
video if you enjoyed hanging out with
Doug the pug for the day then give the
video a thumbs up let me know
where's Nara you sleep become a seer
though she's at now I'm asleep we're not
doing YouTube at the moment now for you
were away the only thing I have film
from this trip away is like a cabin tour
slash Shack Hut tour thing and that we
going up probably tomorrow so get
excited for that do like a tour of this
place that we're staying that you can
kind of see a little sneak peak now in
the background but yeah I'll catch you
tomorrow
thank you so much with loving spot I'll
see you tomorrow good bye guys
today
