Marcus is just about to arrive at the
house so I'm going to answer the door
with this on the road do you think it
was camera when you ring the bell jump
up quick
ready for the gym I got into like 2:00
in the morning with it right oh why why
that's everybody's just out here Tommy
gosh that scary but last night we
listened delusional
oh yeah mocks you kind of decorate the
other room I never like oh there he is
eerie yes good morning guys how you
doing Ivan actually started the blog pop
you haven't said hello what you up to
I hope you having a lovely day it's a
beautiful sunny day in Brighton we've
got the one and only Markus bootleg with
us today we're trying to find a good
place to have some breakfast
although lost actually lunch buy and
have breakfast yeah today's menu
mock's is very specific about where he's
boy names Marshall hello guys all right
we are off to go bold room we've jumped
in the car
we're just driving now feel like a taxi
driver I don't drive people vomit every
angle right this is over the angles too
close you can't move it so today me and
now Fred are heading off to a bouldering
section we're going bouldering which is
a rock climber I don't know why is it
called Boulder because you're not I
think it's because you don't have a
harness and you know why it up ah so
it's like I don't know why that means
bold it's like that's the difference
you've got climbing in bold yeah it's
like you've got rock climbing and then
you wish for pussies in your bold ring
because you know college is for the
legislature all you don't break here let
us say there we go there I've been once
before in my life already making excuses
that you just say oh I don't I'm not the
one who owns a pair of shoes that's what
I'm saying
you called it overly at the gym lab 20
2017 but he said he's gonna the biggest
gym the biggest lad in his gym clothes
all that is uncomfortable in the gym I'm
confident in the gym who confidence
oozes from me in the gym Boulder loses
on me on the chair there that you bought
you teaming gym but that's it all that
is is a cocky guy
so we just go in our Marcus is gonna try
the slackline start in the middle I
wanna cover to your leg can't start in
the middle of it it's going to be good
though from his gymnastic days
it's Mouse's not there he is
gone this left ones there there's two on
the left yeah marketers trying out this
blue one that is basically just up in a
straight line go on you got this yeah
get that leg up yeah
push up on here come on oh I'll give it
she clean always make sure you clean
your stones
oh hey how was that you got that right
just before we go on a competition with
Marcus I'm so bad at this who can go up
here the most up this go on try I don't
think I can
we're back with the car vlogs what did
you think the road chat Malfi road chat
what did you think of your first climb
in the UK first dunno it's like I wet
myself you know when the tap in the
bathroom yeah sprays everywhere look at
that looks like what yeah you did Peters
that have done at my hands
knocks ripped up his hands now it's
called the one I really liked was when I
climbed up without my art because I'm
Arthur bodies changes held up without
the legs on the yellow yeah yeah that
great the end was good I don't even know
when I last beyond today has been all
over the place what climb it was amazing
the gym was amazing we went for lunch
but I believes that I forgot to film it
we're now back home haven't even had a
shower yet higher Sean's here as well
I'm not tired I just feel dirty I went
to the gym this morning and then what
climbing I still haven't showered it
sort of that and my vlog is live and
it's got some unbelievable sports I
thank you so much and all of them yes
this vide end of the sport
we've just got bid suppers which is so
as Marcus paid for it thanks Marcus
I'm so excited
huge a dangle thank you so much no yes
not i stealing it away thank you no love
know how to help him out I was right in
with this mask on but as you can hear
Nala was not having any of it I just had
a shower got changed nada
you gave it away you let mark know that
I was hiding no more barking the mosque
has gone away now no you don't like it
what is going on in here what's
happening zoella beauty yeah it's my
hair guys just let you know our bowling
game starts in 19 minutes and we meant
to be there 15 minutes early and I was
getting a doing a bit little one you
just chill into hanging out no we're
going out now so I'm going to give you a
good tree okay sit down
lay down there we go all right we'll see
you soon you got your water and
everything got your TV on what your
robot was we split up because we
couldn't all fit in one car
Mia marks in his car Shawn I think papi
might even be coming as well you know
and Zoe and Mark are over B do you think
I think so we're already five minutes
late we put this so last minute there
was one lane left
so he's winning so far look at her
little face
know you jump video and not just one
strike go Marcus shut up yeah we're
going in playing we've got papi added on
our team
just in case she turns up she might
become any marketers getting a better
score and puppies go then his actual guy
we've also got some pros playing next to
us they were all like their own balls
and everything and then I polished them
look look at him bolt
he's so something good
Oh who's got it what let's not look
Marcus is just what picked up a lighter
ball and he someone's at me he throws
the ball halfway down the lane he throws
watch this
hahaha Sean's had two strikes on him oh
so far speak to it yes sir
two in a row oh no that could be your
scores going to jump so much got more
quiz wait that was good solid bowl war
finished yeah pop is here now she just
turned up and she's somehow winning like
me and marks been taking her goes as a
joke and she's beating us that is how
that was good my very last all night
night he's confident about this one he's
asked for the running camp was it / oh
and they fail to surprise they've got
poppy score mark is 96 me a hundred nine
poppy 114 Zoe 96 mark onion 12 join a
hunger for b1
you're right F of it don't steal that
person's bag but that's not yours
don't steal their if you're serious
you're gonna break it you're gonna bark
a look at this serious game of
basketball going on oh yes mark gone who
to thinks gonna win
Marcus used to play for like Brighton or
England or something so hopefully Marcus
44:55 26 and 10 I go for it get those
biceps at work
hahaha go Zoe quick you got it got it
got it
quick cast it back out no cost it back
out quick go Zoe get that either you got
a little one
we're all dead over here and then what
Zoey's doing
ensuring it's over the other side of the
blaze by himself made a shooting what
our games too friendly for you
catching a bit man we just got homeless
your knowledge doing no way she's just
watching TV hero no no yeah we're
watching hunted which is one of my
favorite TV shows if you guys don't
already watch hunted mock nyeh sitting
down with a nice glass of red wine
yeah enjoying it watching TV very
romantic it is very cute ah Zoey the
arrow of limit third wheel in our date
and you look at use your fault she's
only on about she was thank you watching
the TV did you enjoy your watching telly
good night man night what are you
talking about mark just woke me up on
the sofa Alfie let's go to bed I'm up
I'm gonna have my vlog guys it has been
a bloomin busy I know baby it's been a
busy old day kicked off with the gym
then Boulder and slash rock climb in and
then bowling oh wait and pizza so I'm
absolutely knackered I've got the GM I
have to be at the gym to work out in
seven and a half hours from now I don't
even know how I'm gonna do it my arms
are gonna ache from bouldering and the
rest of my body's gonna from working out
of Marcos I'm gonna be dead if you
enjoyed the video guys give it a thumbs
up go down below hit that button
subscribe if you're not already thank
you so much for all of the sport I know
that it already won yesterday's vlog
with the UM the scary clown prank you
guys are going crazy about it I'll leave
a link down below if you haven't seen it
already I got you the morning guys
Oh where did you go
