tell everyone who I follow on snapchat
DJ killed BJ
today's named DJ killed
I don't announce a DJ callus Oh Khaled
all right I'm starting my build guys
although it is super early in the
morning just got back from the chit it's
like half hour six and evening or 700
right then leave me out it's it's
quarter to 7:00 in the evening and I am
I'm yet to start this video so good
morning guys how you doing we're having
an amazing day we've got a lot of fun
stuff happening for this video I'm
wearing orange but gazzarri's currently
shooting one of her Halloween videos at
the moment I told you that she's
shooting some special crazy amazing
stuff over the next couple of days and
we just shot video where we're
decorating this room for like a
Halloween party and it was awesome I'll
show you around the room in a second
yeah monsley she's sitting there
watching my blog yes George
trying to get an early preview of my
blog by watching it real life wait hold
on right no sure you can't fight in my
video apologize when I just didn't come
ma'am it is all done it's now time to
celebrate marks 32nd but I take a shower
I obviously so it's 23 not 23 Mark's 32
oh he's run Elizabeth it just has a
young looking face he shapes always is
very sick you're 36 box shaves with
stubble so they look younger actually 36
23 there Zoe and pop you into home sense
a couple of weeks ago and they bought
they bought some masks and they've just
walked in the room showing us what
put my head in it properly papi oh my
god look at them this is one of them
iiiii I know you're gonna scare so much
bet you it on the eyes is terrifying
ah yeah that's it oh my god Alfie's
really news
oh my angle it Brody you are there to
get John cashmere add a surreal so sure
this is so bad I hate it I haven't shown
you guys around the room yet this is for
a video on Zoey's main channel so I
don't want to show too much but she's
showing in her vlogs right I got masks
on the door look at all of this he
doesn't this just looks sick all the
food and everything and as I said
tonight we're celebrating marks birthday
his 32nd birthday where we're going to
watch it some horror movies to do we're
gonna be watching some horror movies
each of those a good food I think we're
gonna start off watching it the cool
yeah :
find out if we got it upstairs I think
about being on DVD far we've got the
cool and then after that we're gonna
watch the country - yeah which I'm so
excited for you
creepiest thing I love that one it's
amazing how slowly how did you read that
are you joking fifty a happy fit yeah
nah
I'm very seriously you have to get it in
100 yeah we're about to start the first
movie which is the country - you like UK
I love it and you were just saying I
want something chocolaty so where's it
gone oh here it is
look at that whopper Halloweeny spooky
cake yay oh I thought my Widow there you
go they're doing a Ouija board my sister
and I want to know are there any spirits
in that want to communicate with us guys
everyone else is downstairs
give me one to film number two we are
about to watch I think I've said this a
few times already but one could the call
poppy is like had to change our trousers
because she did
oh where the movies are over
it is like poppy scarred for life then
even though the time Poppy's period uh
South cried spiderweb in my hair
mind blown scary filming scary film in
Salem if the most intense don't ever
watched my life the time is currently I
saw his friends dead nine minutes to one
pop is your bed color four hours ago
what are you doing just kissing my dog
so it's been asleep for like an hour
did you enjoy the last film
mark look at this
and um adhere in an the toilet my toilet
I don't know IDs on stairs look no he's
not he's not no get you know something's
happening he's in there I mean no not
come just come and look who's in there
there's no one in there there's Sean oh
I'm not sure
who is that coming up guys no whoa it's
working off we go seriously I can't see
it no seriously I hate you so much
your eyes look so dark no let me see
your face I
oh boy it's locked my vantage of a
little while I series I'm going I cry
stop look at their leaves in its bed
this is the worst day of my life
oh look it's so scary on the bed I can't
do it I can't you understand I don't
like it
it's horrible like I can't feel my heart
wait ribs sir
lay off your chance
Oh going there I'll save you I can't
take it
well maybe you should put on a menu Java
you put it on icon why cuz I hate yeah I
know
put it on Shawn Wally where are the
other ends the other ones does this I've
actually had these masks I couldn't show
you guys for over a year
well I bought them to do a prank on you
two I said I was going to do a fake
burglary prank and ruin your flat and
then hide inside it last Halloween but
you went to Dublin so I could never do
it if you guys didn't go to Dublin
you're just kind of like ruin your flat
so you'd walk in think you got burgled
and then I was gonna be hiding in there
with like Morgan or che or someone so
I've got pictures from over a year ago
weird with me and dad wearing these
that's like what touch you're gonna go
down yeah magic huge punch I call me how
real that look and now just slide your
head in oh good it's really comfortable
once it's on just going to pick guys a
gonna end the vlog here I feel so sorry
for everyone because everyone is on
proper edge now like nobody wants to go
to sleep
mock's he wants to sleep in his car
because he's scared I'm going to prank
him during the night oh my gosh that was
so funny right if you enjoy the video
give it a big ol thumbs up give it a
thumbs up it's marks birthday
celebrations today and I just pranked it
well though we did get some lovely
presents as well right yes to this video
you absolutely smash the thumbs up the
day before you smashed it my video with
the chocolate pumpkin is called like
over 60,000 thumbs up that is absolutely
crazy if you enjoyed this vlog and
you're new here subscribe if you're not
ready links down below it's free press
that button I'll catch you tomorrow with
a new daily vlog
when God
