good morning guys good morning how you
doing today we are Halloween shopping
but oh my gosh they're so good imagine
doing the chubby bunny challenge with
them she's a little bit excited who
remembers when I was absolutely obsessed
with these I literally used to drink
like six a day of the black currant ones
these were my favorite drink ever I
found the best decoration this is
actually sick do you know how much this
would scare poppies are they imagine if
I hung this outside of her window
measured on the back of the toilet door
so that when you're in there by yourself
it's like chewy actually are we actually
going to get this you have to carry it
around now can I tell the barber in ASDA
so Zoey is film in a or you guys
obviously there's a free trolley just
there's only
or is that someone else's that I'm about
to steal if I've just stolen your
trolley and ouster
I'm sorry you Inc this is mine
so the reason why we're in Alta today is
shopping for Halloween stuff is because
as you can imagine Zoe is filming a few
Halloween videos beef and we multiple
she's got a few Halloween videos coming
for you guys soon and and one of them
involves a lot of bacon so we've come to
answer to get all of the Halloween
baking ingredients but of course as you
walk in you see all the Halloween
something you first get here so that's
well that's what we're doing now by some
Halloween this guy just won't stop stop
you buying us like all-new cutlery yeah
I want to be the jelly in like
mayors in something like this they look
really cool I'm buying this for a
Halloween video myself on this channel
I'm not going to tell you what I'm doing
when I leave it for another vlog all I'm
going to say that it involves a lot of
chocolate and not a lot of chocolate
growing up this was the one who else
used to watch this - for three pounds
okay then we're going to need quite a
lot of these guys two four six eight ten
twelve fourteen sixteen eighteen twenty
Zoe different that's enough finish
shopping but this is the issue I boots
kind of full of of gadgets and stuff I
keep on trying to vlog but he won't like
messing up my sentences and stuff I feel
really like disorientated today and just
a bit all over the place I think it's
because I still feel really really ill I
think often so much all of this morning
I was up for like hours made to be at
the gym this morning is Monday normally
I kick every Monday off in the gym but I
didn't go today I cancel my my I
can't even speak c-listers I'm sad
canceled my session with my trainer
because I was just up so much in the
night last night of my chest pains
kicking off again some reason I don't
know why they're back but I also haven't
had breakfast yet and it's like
lunchtime so I think that might be why I
feel kind of a bit wobbly that's a
strange-looking pumpkin sweet and creamy
this is a cool new angle
hello I feel like I can mum often their
kids to school but just been food
shopping to my favorite place M&S or
actually tight tight core between M&S
and white rose but waitress does have a
really really good cafe which i loved so
we just went there secret messy person
I'm not a secret I don't gnarly to run
out showing them what you just showed me
oh my gosh okay guys I may have a secret
stash of water bottles all my cars
locked of water bottles and when I go to
the gym and then I never ever empty them
look at that hidden behind my driver's
seat
I can say you're the messy one not me
don't Allah go get it oh wow is that
your new outfit for master she loves her
she's parading Hey look at the little
head so I'm finally home I've just
finished eating a sandwich had some
carrot cake as well so I'm feeling a
little bit more energized a package is
just arrived for me and normally when I
receive something on that what have I
ordered now that's turned out what
stupid thing but that the packaging even
says itself it's so sick and even like
look at that even in masking tape the
sellotape stuff if you don't know who
the Cybermen are then you've been living
under a rock it's a group of youtubers
that predominately make gaming videos
I'm friends with all of them and one of
them Josh got in touch with the other
day mr. Alfie we've got our new track
suits our track suits are so good do you
want me to send you one and I was like
Josh you know I wear tracksuit bottoms
all the time just for comfy clothes at
home please send me a so I'm guessing
this is assignment almost this seidman
clothing calm oh man okay he simply
loads of stuff large tracksuit top our
extra smooth the Zoe that is so cute and
then an extra small tracksuit for Zoe
Josh in particular thank you so much for
sending all of this and just the Simon
as a whole thank you so much man I'm
tempted put it on now
hey my bike think honey - yep definitely
need to pump these up ass we're going to
Toys R Us it's just like a casual thing
for me now as you just saw got my bike
out super super excited because it is a
glorious day like it is so lovely today
and I thought I haven't ridden that bike
properly since I got it like years ago
I've never probably been I've ridden it
once and then there was that picture
taken the you guys have all seen online
and I've never really properly ridden it
since and it's had flat tire so I
haven't been able to ride it I just got
out the shed to ride it and we don't
have a bike pump do you remember the
other day when I got the unicycle for my
birthday I went to my friend Max's house
to pick up the bike pump to pump up the
tire well I dropped it back to his house
so I'm off to Toys R Us now to see
whether they sell bike pumps and
hopefully we can go for a nice bike ride
because the weather is weather is insane
Bernie I've got to pick up Zoey some
like a helium gas canister random random
random but I need a bike pump a bike
pump and a helium gas canister oh this
one looks like the boy oh yeah look what
we got everybody we managed to find one
yeah
imagine if this didn't fit are you
serious
that actually doesn't fit you're
probably watching this video laughing at
me because I'm doing it so wrong and
it's simply blown up a bike tire but
I've never seen one like that I've been
cycling look at my helmet safety first
kids I've been cycling for like five
minutes now and there are so many of you
guys that watch these videos about
because I think school or college is
just finished and working stuff that I
don't even know if I'm going to be a
cycle because so many of you are
stopping me which is a really lovely
thing don't get me wrong but and I don't
know actually just go back and then come
back out later we're not going to be
able to cycle for longer whoa hats off
literally hats off to people who cycle
oh my gosh I don't think cycling at this
time of day was a good idea I let you
got followed by a car with one of you
guys in it half the time
I'd never caught a shower now few days
the whole time I think if I do any more
cycling I'm gonna do it early in the
morning when people at work and school
and college and stuff that that just
didn't really work very well I'm tired
and I didn't even cycle very far at all
or is it going on
what is going on in here
you're crazy
what you're baking up or can I not show
them so early on today I bought this and
you may be thinking like a bloomin have
you bought this and also 20 bars massive
bars of chocolate I don't know if this
is a good idea or not I want to try and
make a solid like solid chocolate
pumpkin for Halloween so I'm going to
melt one of this chocolate here in this
bowl that so is nicely prepared for me
thank you very much I'm going to melt
all of this chocolate into that bowl and
then pour the chocolate I was going to
say don't try this at home if it goes
well do try this home it could be great
for Halloween pour the chocolate through
the holes here fill this entire always
this always got like a little light
inside there look at that
fill this entire thing full of melted
chocolate up until all of its face then
put it like that in the freezer let it
freeze and then I'm going to try and cut
off this plastic and we're going to be
left with a solid chocolate pumpkin
should have probably bought a smaller
one than this because that is massive
but there is no harm in trying so let's
give it a go if this is going to ages
isn't it yeah it's not will this
chocolate yeah is it gonna take it's
actually in effect really not yeah you
need to boil the kettle oh yeah yeah
water's boiling bubbling away let's get
this on there set up a cheeky little
time-lapse here for you guys let's get
going I'm going to do two bars at a time
melt it pour it in there another to melt
it pour it in there and try and make a
little system I'll update you as I'm
going
it's gonna taste so bloomin I tell it's
really worth it though we're gonna have
a solid chocolate pumpkin so let's see
it's 20 past 6:00
the first two are fully melted oh my
gosh that is steamy the first two are
fully melted everybody I'm tempted to
just add another two in with those two
because I kind of feel like the hot
melted chocolate like this stuff is
going to help these two new chocolates
melt even you guys are still really
steamy this looks incredible
why do I not do this more often as
always reminding me that I kind of I
didn't clean it out so I wouldn't been
the most hygienic then that's hip-hop if
you don't sit that's always really off
oh my gosh it is been 10 minutes this
could be the best Halloween Halloween
Halloween haunted Halloween Halloween
treats ever for like kids and family and
friends and stuff a solid pumpkin you
know how many times at Easter I just
wish you could buy like a massive solid
Easter egg are you going you need to do
that I'm going to make the world's
biggest solid Easter Egg at Easter got a
bit of a way to go yeah quite wait what
else can I do it the world's biggest me
at Christmas bread man NOLA I'm gonna
get like that's a pug I can plastic Park
that's Hollow make a chocolate Nala this
is my news day everything comment down
below something you're into it chocolate
bin I'm going to fill my bin hot
chocolate melted chocolate look how
delicate it is oh he does it the
professional Baker coming in and helping
out people comment down below with some
names for this little boy or girl
I didn't fill it you think Phillip I do
quite like Gertrude Pauline Pauline the
pumpkin
it could be pulling eight down twelve to
go do you think we need all of them I
think we will
it's pretty big Pauline is pretty damn
big got a couple of tiny lumps at
there's one he's hanging on oh my god
how are we gonna pour it into those
holes we need a jug this is the only one
we're gonna have to use oh yeah that's
good that's good
the realization has hit us of how we're
going to pour this into Pauline's face
looking out there so again our nation
set in guys how are we gonna pull this
engine is mounted chopped into Pauline's
face still gonna have to fill this jug
up and then pour the jargon through I'm
said through the nose Pauline this is
just gonna be so messy Alfie please oh
my god do you know how satisfying that
is oh my god Pauline just doesn't know
what's come in Pauline is not lovely try
not to get it down the outside of the
judge you know how hard it is yeah we're
talking about ten thousand calories of
chocolate right now that uh one more
gone you can get one more scoop out of
that there we go okay now for the
pouring into Pauline do you know I think
this is just the weirdest thing is the
best thing I've ever done on YouTube
this is top quality content look at that
it's just like a waterfall of chocolate
you know how warm bullies getting oh my
gosh my arms ache so much she want me to
take over you need a spoon in there and
like scrape all out okay I'm out in the
next lot
this this just looks incredible look at
this you're not even ready look at it so
mad right let's fill this up jug number
two you ready it's gonna get heavy saris
gonna pour this jug now be accurate go
down go down go down
you're very accurate you ready your car
isn't lying right the last for the last
four are nearly melted so nearly done
we're just not gonna have enough and not
gonna have enough to fill the rest up
with just four chocolate bars look we've
used 20 Pauline is getting so heavy
my chocolate baby I've got two issues
and with Pauline issue number one this
camera still doesn't look very good
quality that's another issue issue
number one is that I don't have enough
chocolate so I'm gonna have to go to the
shop now she's like two-thirds full
maybe a little bit more maybe
three-quarters full issue number two is
that I just had a practice session with
Pauline in the freezer because I have to
freeze her
I fully named her Pauline now by the way
so you if you commented something else
like Jake I'm very sorry but her name is
Pauline the whole point is that I freeze
Pauline so that she's fully solid and I
can cut away the orange plastic and
we're left with just like the pumpkin
issue number two Pauline doesn't fit in
our freezer our freezer here has drawers
so that just say for example if I took
this drawer out you can't get rid of
that drawer here like and she doesn't
fit in there it's blooming cold and dark
outside there's only half past seven and
it's already pitched back to
I mean I don't even know if this place
is gonna have enough chocolate for me I
might just need this whole thing just
thrown out there
I think Pauline is going to be very
happy with my purchase we just got a
blooming like the entire thing that the
shop buys when they buy chocolate bars
we just bought the whole one hello baby
back at the station
with a brand new stack and we're back in
the game who give my jack
look good give my chocolate eight
chocolate bars later and this is what
we're left with get serious this could
be the last pour in session
that we have just stay very still we've
got another issue if I carry on pouring
any more chocolate into the pumpkin and
I can't of here before it feels to here
it's just gonna start leaking out of its
mouth I might have to just get duct tape
and duct tape it all up you can yeah I
think that's wrong gonna have to do set
from the nose now you're gonna have to
duct tape it all and then once it's
solid I can move the duct tape I mean
Pauline doesn't look very well this is
what's left the fact that you've just
left one hole we're gonna fill it up
through the hole stop laughing and then
tomorrow I'm gonna leave and then I'm
gonna cover the last hole then I'm gonna
leave her in the garden so that she gets
really cold because if she won't fit in
our fridge
I'm not and then tomorrow and tomorrow
we're going to cut all of the plastic
off and be left with a solid pumpkin if
I could give you one piece of advice by
a smaller plastic pumpkin than I have
dad you do the last one can't measure in
the pumpkin scene if it can fit in mom
and dad's freezer they've got a tape
measure measure in their freezer I've
got to drive a bloody melted chocolate
pumpkin sixth it's 16 kilograms over to
your house before I freeze it I should
probably take these batteries at the
bottom the batteries are out just gently
put it back together but be careful you
don't split up then up the little
schnozzle it's 16 kilograms for lane
bowling also we've got match inside men
track suits on thank you so much guys
for sending us these come on write
dedication for this video dedication to
the cause 100,000 thumbs up as you
challenge 100,000 thumbs up for Kerry
and Pauline the 16 kilogram pumpkin to
my blooming pet I bet you it's not even
gonna fit a bit my mom's measured it
my mum is not good at math why we
trusting my mum busy boy I bring gifts
all right let's see if it fits
they're all important that that I heavy
it is be careful you don't drop him come
on isn't that heavy all chopped up yes
when melted solid let's move if you buy
people know if you guys eat this why I
want mum to hold it mom can I have you
this is careful it doesn't come out the
nose
Sheila all right I think it's gonna be a
little goofy I owe you guys all need
food no it doesn't bear well you got
chippings it's got a nose the second
tryout you can't take the tray out this
is literate ridicu let you see because
it's got the the ice bars looks it's
connected you can't take it out the only
way this is going to work okay where
wait stop is if we put some then we got
any duct tape we'll sell it for over
that and then we turn it on its side and
then put it back up yeah
make sure it's fully on maybe bit more
well this is just as tall push it push
it hard bigger are you telling me we
have to drive this Hollywood feat in our
fridge I think you need to put it in the
fridge oh no the fridge will still do it
it will just take over
look you've got all overnight this I can
we best turn but down down okay I don't
need your fries your own food dad these
are your food for my blue moon chocolate
everything back mums for Zoey a present
today
very big we hands together as bit sloppy
Oh what is it a sleigh finally home guys
neither it's going to be so excited to
see me you ready
so what was that what you cooking oh
sorry I'm just cooking 16 kilograms of
chocolate 16 kilograms bloom in
chocolate
now the annoying thing is that it is 2
minutes to 11:00 at night and we're not
actually going to be able to see the
chocolate creation until lunchtime
tomorrow when I go over to my parents so
I'm going to leave the vlog here now
I'm going to carry this blog on tomorrow
as soon as I get to my parents house and
we see the chocolate masterpiece
hopefully it's solid enough to get out
and then I'll end the vlog there but as
I said if you're excited for this guys
it's like one of the craziest things
I've ever done in these videos smash the
thumbs up down below if you want me to
do anything else similar like another
shape or something cool let me know down
below in the comments I will catch you
tomorrow when we're over at my parents
thank you for watching thank you for
coming along on this journey today I'll
see you tomorrow
all right it's the next day I don't even
know mama bought a like Stanley knife
like a scalpel earlier on cut away oh my
gosh I just hope yeah do it all here but
it I'm not employed me carrying this
although living home actually I'm gonna
scare him anyway oh my god it's so solid
I don't know how I'm gonna do things
here
sorry Stanley no it's like I'm looking
yes from this from the craft section in
WH Smith so I want to cut away the
orange but without cutting into the
chocolate okay I didn't really think
through this
oh good go no because I'm scared of and
take the mouth off oh my god
take this here for me I'm scared how can
I put well oh go on I think we can pull
the whole bottom half off oh look at
that look how yes let's just fill it oh
oh I lost an eye did it let's do what
the shape of the eye is now could pull
it go go inside or something come on hey
no this is dead show me it's faith I'm
gonna I'm gonna try and cut a face into
it using this little scalpel knife thing
I'll see you in a minute
I don't even know how I'm gonna cut this
mouth now well you can if you've got no
no don't dig it out darling you're gonna
ruin that because as soon as you put in
this chocolate shown soft
I just tried to touch a bit and we'll
that fell off Penelope just wasn't meant
to have a nice face face I mean she's
got a lovely face it's just not doesn't
look like a normal pumpkin that doesn't
mean it's bad though just different
what's normal
hey buzzy hey give her a smile
mommy take a fight empennage them before
he gets this video up yeah Oh mom as a
word like to make it last
literally two days French women being a
thirty two massive packets of chocolate
this is what we're left with oh my god
it's heavy I think it looks sick that's
solid chocolate I really want to just
bite it
this is stupid this video I'm ever done
right I'm gonna end the video guys if
you enjoyed it if you make one of these
please tweet me a picture or tag me on
Instagram or comment down below I want
to see you guys make them but actually
better than this because I mean that's
why people mini ones as well yeah make
that so I've said to them I said to buy
smaller ones like this big like eye
Terry's chocolate orange shibez that
would be perfect don't try and do it the
size of a football like me this is why
if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up I'll see you tomorrow with the
normal daily blog subscribe if you're
new here and you haven't subscribed
already
link is down below I'll see you tomorrow
good bye guys
