hey guys how you doing are you having a
lovely day I was just editing the vlog
and I saw a clip in my video of me
yesterday eating a muffin in the hotel
room in London
we got given these of our dinner which
we had yesterday and they were insane so
I can't possibly leave it even though
going after finishing my muffin
Zoey didn't want hers objective is still
there do not want yours
in my pocket it goes for the taxi and
yesterday in the car I sat on my jumper
so the seat was more comfortable so I'm
guessing no I didn't wear my jumper to
do gyms I took it off left my jumper in
the car then Joe sat on my jumper then
when he got the car I sat on my jumper
and I think there might still be a
muffin in here that's all I'm saying
we're gonna open this together I can
hear it oh it's crumbly that's my muffin
from yesterday but there's gonna be so
many crumbs in the pocket of here now
yeah there's a lot is it bad I'm still
just gonna eat it with this bit fluffy
now let's go all right let's go
we do have one of each of these tins but
everyone used to come over including
myself and Zoey has eaten all of the
good ones from the tins so yeah no move
eaten all the good ones so we've got
replacements ready for Christmas oh
that's not gonna happen is it I'm
definitely gonna open them I'm gonna
open the heroes you don't like the
heroes runs I live in the heroes also
before we go I've got an Advent present
to give you because we've been messing
this up recently
going to London and stuff so when I open
the door to Sainsbury's this morning
there was this parcel which is fragile
thrown over the gate whoever delivered
it this morning from yodel just threw it
over the gate onto our driveway which is
nice we've been in a warning and is
quite fragile so this is possibly broken
or you can have this one which is the
one that I was actually going to give
you today that's really really calmed
down here which one do you want it's
mine
they're possibly broken one yeah then
I'll give you that one tomorrow or
something yeah where you walking - oh
she's running away oh that might have
the price on it
oh nice wrapping paper Oh some hairy do
you like it survived being chucked over
the fence the next thought is cute did
you like you're weird you're weird mugs
just go isn't it
physical chip yeah all right let's roll
we've got to get going we're off to town
to Manas can see not Christmas shop but
kind of Christmas shop there's a person
that is all you wants to get me for
Christmas there's quite specific and
there's lots of different ones so today
there's already just said to me after
I'm going to tell you what your main
Christmas present is from me because I
said the other Jew tell me what it is
they've known that I've once a month
ages okay oh there's my coat
so for ages as you know if you've been
watching the videos I've been wanting to
get like a piano in the house
I literally have nearly bought on a
couple of times but they're just it's
not really something you just by
yourself
playing piano no leave her husband
Reggiano but whenever I go around
people's houses to have one bite one of
Jim's horizontal it's so like I can't
really describe it but everybody like
congregate to congregate congregates
had another word everyone goes together
and swarms the piano and people play and
jam together and people can sing sing
along it is such like a community thing
and I love that whenever i chat friends
about how much time I spend filming and
editing videos a lot of youtubers you'll
notice or maybe they don't even say I
don't know play music what instruments
because it's one thing that they do when
you do a puzzle that when you're doing
it you don't think about anything else
you don't think about social media you
don't think about editing videos you
don't think about uploading on time and
stuff you're like in the zone and
enjoying enjoying what you're doing
have you got the fob for the parking
yeah so so yeah basically I wanted to
get piano apps in the aegis and we were
in a shop the other day and there's a
piano but it's song one or something and
I was pretending to play the piano I
think it's even in the garden center and
I said really really wanted piano I was
looking it was it possibly a no-show and
so his face was like cheers how's that
what that's what's gonna get for
Christmas oh that's great amazing yeah
Zoe saying I don't know just yeah piano
you won and I'm like but I don't want
anything special I just want like a
standard piano and like one of the
little smaller headphones into and stuff
like that as well just to be able to be
remiss about if you do enjoy as well
so today we're gonna go
you about to once we get it is what
we're gonna do we're popping in Sam
we're gonna grab some lunches or one
thing we were gonna do boo don't have
time bikes we were going to put all the
seats down and put the BMXers in the
back and go for a bike ride we'll have
to do it another day it's okay we'll do
that another day um and we're gonna go
pick my lap for mom and dad to drop and
yes I'm gonna stop the links we need to
get going first stop we come straight to
Wagamama after Zoey had it the other day
fresh hot here when we came as I has
been obsessed nuclear two days ago poor
Zoe right from home when I was in town
just not as good but it's cold needs to
be fresh in the plate first then last
day everywhere we're going the light is
look so fancy
yeah sure is yeah they do look cool
don't they
with the taller back yeah this one here
down here is like super high-tech so
this one you plug it into your iPad and
it teaches you how to play along this
top there and then this one here this is
the one that I've been looking at and
then this one as well this is the second
time that I've come into the piano shop
the other the other day when Zoey and I
spoke about my Christmas present
potentially being one of these I popped
in because I was in town and I had a
look I got a couple of different ones of
different prices for different qualities
and this was kind of life
the one why did you make this very
successful thanks so much
hey doggies and never never know hey hey
hey hey buzzy hey buzzy a carnie teach
your mom how to group call hello Oh dad
you wanna join where's your phone yeah I
pop it fuzzy boy give me that toy give
me it sorry mom and dad haven't watched
any black mirror so Zoe and I just put
in on the episode white bear and we're
just introducing them to blackmail I
cannot believe that you haven't seen any
it's not scary it's just future bass may
or may not come height right let's say
may or may not I did know you may or may
not have your heart on and kind of just
fell asleep on the floor for like half
an hour Jake checking off an hour yeah
I could hear you drugged at me and I
could hear you saying a mom say is he
asleep yeah but then never I could hear
it
oh no good EU vlog in me but I just
couldn't really move so so tired of his
Felicity by the fire and we just watched
an episode of black two episodes black
mirror with mom and dad
we watched which we watched white shut
up and dance both of them incredibly
dark incredibly weird especially shut up
and dance is like crazy dark a mum and
dad have now gone off to go serve their
dinner and I left thinking black mirror
is all about killing people and violence
and bad stuff so now now we're gonna
watch some Junipero we're trying to
persuade them that they're not all like
that
this one's quite a long one though yeah
even their mum loves Prison Break
that's quite Boylan I think it's just
that I forgot how much black marrow
makes you like pink lover so and I'm a
blonde in Monrovia and it's just a mic
b-minor yours
oh wait we both ordered from the same
place oh we've got crepes
we've got mold teasers that's good oh my
gosh that makes me so happy that they
put the ice cream separately so that it
doesn't go soggy all right let's go meet
the crepes okay in the kitchen it's mum
and dad having they're like amazing
freshly cooked dinner that dad made
chicken and ham pie chicken wings look
at this that's right always there my
looks so good we're still watching black
mirror fuzzy things he's come in you
coming with us puzzle you stay in here
go in the bus let's go you come into our
house coming in come on no I think it's
something like quarter past okay
19 minutes past 9:00 it feels like it's
like half past 11:00 I can feel as late
I think it's just cuz it's so cold
