good morning guys
it is Saturday how are you doing I feel
so ill and so bummed up today but I'm
glad that it's Saturday because it means
I don't have any like meetings or
anything I have to go to I can just take
the day listen to me
I don't even sound like myself gorgeous
breakfast is ready
my parcel was just right you can all my
voice guys and pastors just arrived in
the post for math and he said that the
delivery company messed up the delivery
is mentoring for my birthday I'm just
gonna scooch back
why is he gonna like jump out this yeah
I don't trust mark it was like creepy
balls and stuff opener no eyes no
projector yeah
that's so sick so that you can watch
films on a wall all night I mean
everything see resist he said that you
mentioned he said that you mentioned a
projector so he was like right look at
that just hotels with me yeah I think
this might be the one he has I'm not
sure I look so cool we could even watch
films outside on a white sheet just been
talking about boxing out in our goal
today this is our perfect oh yeah we can
watch Sheldon pitch-black tonight all
right I've just got all changed up I'm
wearing the latest clubs in the world
today I still don't sound like myself
but voice what is going on I should try
I can't even speak look at these
tracksuit bottoms I'm currently wearing
camo tracksuit bottoms with like a
really really cozy thick Naik I think
it's a jumper maybe it's a t-shirt I'm
wearing is it I don't know we've got
zero food in the fridge
Zuri's currently tied in our bedroom and
I said I'm gonna go pick us up some
lunch for
Waitrose let's go yourself sushi
you know what you're just so hungry that
you just can't even wait to get home
guys literally what I'm like now I'm
gonna have to eat one of these bits of
sushi before my drive hmm
kill them kill her ah come here good
girl there we go
where is it wizzy you can smell is it
another doggies we giving them let's do
this yeah do it if you like dude get on
the other one get on your head
there we go cute girl
should I get treat come down come down
it is so hot like I can't even describe
take my trousers off as well luckily you
guys are so high up you can't see any of
that what got shorts on yeah so much
better
whoa my buddy can breathe no more hats
oh nice wash the light blue Mack I try
and balance you guys here icaridin if
it's gonna work
whoa oh sure I don't turn down super
crazy Saturday night everybody
number one out clubbin mad no jaqen we
are currently I'm not in bed I'm not
going to commit sin I'm in bed eight
o'clock on a Saturday I'm on the bed
it's a different thing I'm on the bed am
not in the bed watch in X Factor just
bit more cozy than made on the sofa
Niall is already asleep in between my
legs
so he's licking it soon I bathe every
boy has moves yesterday
Zoey hasn't put out mail are you feeling
any better though yeah
you feeling better we watch x-factor
although our TV for like musician oh hey
guys you have a you fit in bed kidding
me I cleaned my for a day right now so
he's been in bed with every day
no our bedroom is like immaculate I'm
sorry tiny doing the bedroom it took me
all day I just put like 12 magazines on
the floor and it didn't go down well no
didn't not so he's looking up like the
most extravagant baking oh is it a
Christmas thing I didn't know that the
whole time I picked right this is what
happens
look I don't get healthy while I'm doing
stuff all he's doing is on his laptop
I'm listening what it's doing okay the
last one you said was coffee meringue
let's go back up a coffee meringue look
Oh
okay start again our TV keeps them
stopping like the signal goes turns off
and then comes back turns off thing
comes back so I don't even ever get over
to watch X actors white chocolate and
berry three take a look at ah but that's
so extravagant that's not something we
could actually bake just to like yes
you're so good but we'd have to have
like 20 people over our house otherwise
it's just gonna get thrown away
can you won't be able to eat unless we
make a miniature one one of my videos we
should like half all the ingredients one
of you one of my videos I wanted
around Christmastime is an alternative
to a Christmas cake because I don't like
Christmas cake really alcohol or not
it's like love it is that the one that
you mean like like its own oh I love
that one with the like and then you get
looking and see white like icing on top
yeah I don't you only have the white
icing on my mom makes the amazing one
hate Christmas cake so I'm like I put on
my mum's one I just don't like I don't
like sometimes um you know Jim there's
always say she doesn't like your
Christmas cake it's not your mom's
Christmas the engine
I got you tied mum's oh no because it's
everything in it though hey I need a my
raisins that's like me saying I hate
mushrooms but have you tried this
mushroom and leek pie it's great
wouldn't like that exactly so I want to
think of like an alternative for a
Christmas cake why not laughs that it's
bloomin amazing oh my god she's crazier
more even as a freesia
no no that just looks incredible well
speak up Oh Oh did you ever see the
video moment :
me and Marcus made those did you
actually make them properly yeah
wait watch yeah what's this perfect this
blog log roll you ready for this look
your log how it good good marks no page
what did it look like at the end
Wow reading off yes really look at us
sippy yawns ooh okay look pasty this is
our Moxie's channel oh you know even
ready for the end it's sick serious look
I get it looks good did you present you
know me crap about to us Dennis a new
play see this is actually the foot
I thought you'd be us so make sure you
do leave us be responsible you think
you'll be here respond a video response
we'll be seeing you soon ciao
what are you cooking series so if you
want to see us do Mel star and giving
good thumbs up please
that's the best of our new cooking
series what happened to that guy a
cooking series Oh Marcus this was on
your channel you're slacking I'm calling
you out in front of everyone Marcus yo
what is happening
with this bit of hair on my head Aunt
Martha I'm really enjoying your theme
Hospital on Marcus Kay that's what I'm
saying Marcus Butler getting cooled out
right now where's your gaming channel
gone where's your cooking series gone
where's your gaming channel gone oh look
at this cranberry ginger and white
chocolate pop but don't because these
are all so extravagant it's not
something we could let bake up now yes
we could not right now does this not
make you hate your life not I read this
and I'm just like I want matter by such
an effort to make hey that would be a
nice one to do a white Christmas
cheesecake looks like snowflakes this is
up the longest clip of my vlog ever most
of my blogs in the last three days have
been in bed this is not good
I meant to be out and about so mince
pies happening Green soul now I was
going to film this part of my are the
cameras still really low what completely
camera hire a sushi packet from yeah
today yeah that'll do I was going to
film this part of the vlog yesterday but
I wanted to properly have a chat sit
down and explain why and show you
basically just going to a bit more
detail and I didn't want to do that bed
with knowledge leave next to me Zoe
asleep next to me and it being like 1
o'clock in the morning so I thought I'd
just get up early today film this clip
and put it at the end of yesterday's
vlog so that is what is going on if
you're thinking why were you in bed a
minute ago watch an X Factor talking
about Christmas cooking and now you're
like fully dressed in like daylight that
my friend is why so today I thought I
would take it back old school about a
year ago I did a video called I think it
was like three youtubers you should
watch three youtubers you should watch
three youtubers you should watch and I
shouted out three youtubers that I was
really really enjoying at that moment in
time that I wanted you guys to all go
and check out because they're making
great stuff and back in that video I
shouted out Sara close Joella and Alexis
geez ole and I still have all of their
videos still making great stuff but
today I thought I would do it again
shout out small stuff because this
community this thing that we have going
on
me and you watching this is blooming
like incredible but you guys there are
so many of you now
it's insane it blows my mind and I want
I want to open your eyes up to watch
some maybe some new people that you
haven't heard of before that I watch
that are making absolutely great content
so today I've got three youtubers for
you that I'm loving at the moment and I
would love if you went over and checked
out we're going to start off with number
one who's somebody that actually did
mention in yesterday's daily vlog
whether I didn't really say much Zoey
and I were talking about her and her
boyfriend her name is ebony day and she
has three YouTube channels that six
she has three YouTube channels and I
love that love like she's great singing
a lot of other channels as well but
particularly for me personally had daily
vlogs like I absolutely loved her daily
vlogs if you haven't already gonna
checked out every day her daily videos
Zoey and I watch them together they're
just super relaxed really calm
it's just like an insight on her and her
fiance fiance they're engaged and
they're just so cute like they're so so
cute together they're so excitable so
happy so positive talking about amazing
things like mental health and stuff if
you guys liked our videos I feel like we
can really really boost her stuff man
she's got twenty six thousand and fifty
eight subscribers these videos the your
watch might now get even dickless amount
of views like just stupid stupid numbers
of views and because she's only got
twenty six thousand subscribers I'm
guessing most of you guys have never
ever seen one of her videos so I will
leave a link down below please go check
out a channel go and subscribe guys she
makes cute little nice friendly daily
vlogs and they're just really really
positive such a nice underlying message
and I really really enjoy them like just
sit down have your breakfast cup of tea
in the evening slain on the sofa sitting
in bed watching our videos they're just
a super cute couple and imagine if we
got to like 50,000 subscribers or
something if you're not already
subscribed go check out our videos first
I'm not just trying to boost these
peoples subscribers go check out their
stuff and I hope you enjoy it
subscribe if you haven't already to her
number two is a youtuber who is killing
at the moment like his videos are
getting insane views and I like laughs
hysterically they are very very rude and
so if you are young and you watch these
videos they're probably not going to be
for you because there is quite a lot
swearing I know some of his friends like
smoke in the videos and stuff his name
is david dobrik he uploads every other
day and they're kind of like daily vlogs
but almost like the best moments of the
day they're like kind of let's get
almost like they're acting like they're
so quick and short and funny every video
is four minutes 20 long and they're just
really really really fast paced pure
comedy again I'll leave a link down
below go check them out go say hey to
stuff go subscribe if you enjoy and
everything his name is david dobrik and
his videos are awesome third one this is
fabulous
Hannah now I only found her channel how
long ago did I find Hannah's Channel
maybe like a month ago maybe two months
ago and it's just really really cute
like it's really really nice just super
like fresh nice I think it's because she
seems like she just loves making videos
I can just tell that she's enjoying it
so much and she's so smiley and so like
sweet I don't know how to I don't know
how to describe it Zoe and I watch our
videos I mean they're mainly like Beauty
kind of stuff like I'm looking at the
now there's like outfit challenges try
on hold makeup tutorials kind of like
the similar style to what Zoe makes so
not probably predominately watch by boys
so I'm probably one of the minority that
watch hair channel I really really like
her stuff she seems really really nice
I've never met her before if you want to
go check out her stuff so I'm looking
down at my laptop look at her channel go
check it out she makes a really many
nice content super nice stuff I'm really
really well put together my day so he's
singing in the backseat of your Rover
that is it guys I've got a busy day
today which is tomorrow for you I hope
you've enjoyed this vlog I'm sorry that
it was mixed up over two days managed
vidi vidi wanted to shout out some
channels and show you guys hopefully
some new youtubers that you may not have
heard of before and it introduced you
guys and
get more people watching their content
because they're making great stuff and
that's what this is about having a
community we've got such an awesome
friendly community here on this channel
and I just want to spread it I want to
introduce you guys to go and be nice to
some more people because I know that you
guys are nice people and the people that
I just shouted out make great stuff
right I'm gonna go now thank you for
watching the video hope you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you did all also
as you're watching this I've got a new
video on my main YouTube channel going
up I'll leave a link down below not
going to tell you what it is all I'm
saying is that it is hilarious like very
very funny and features Zoe and an
animation and I'm gonna go goodbye
