I had the worst night's sleep last night
and I was this close this close to
canceling this morning's gym session
listened to my throat a son of man but I
didn't and I'm so happy that I stuck
with their committed and got the session
in if you want something in life go and
bloom and get it a good morning guys
good morning good morning you join me in
town oh my gosh there's a guy in front
of me carrying a massive strawberry I'm
not gonna make it too obvious but I'm
gonna film him I'm about to get my mop
dropped off my hair you guys asked me
why I wear hats so much is awful at the
moment strawberry - is it it's not even
a bean bag don't know what that is
anyway is my hair on my head is like an
absolute mop at the moment I can't even
scribe I could basically put it in a man
bun if I wanted it's that long but I
don't want to do that so I'm gonna go
get all chopped today how are you guys
doing hope you're having a lovely day
the weather here again I don't know how
or why because it's October but it's
just completely blue sky is beautiful
and wearing Shores
I've got shorts on in October what is
going on so I have headed into town a
tiny bit earlier a couple of hours
before my haircut because I need to go
and edit my vlog from yesterday to go up
tonight and I also haven't had lunch
today I've been to the gym and have
breakfast and everything but I haven't
had lunch yet so I'm going to try and
find a nice spot to have lunch and edit
my vlog at the same time for my hair I
could go to my office
I think I'd obviously in someone with a
coffee and stuff I've got my healthy
lunch here a nice juice which I drank
most off and then just ads in the blog
this is perfect
I swear like an hour ago before I went
and got lunch and started editing the
blog the sky was so blue and it was so
nice it's now absolutely freezing and
I'm regretting wearing shorts more than
anything like why am I not wearing more
layers I swear like a minute going to
this vlog I was bragging about how good
it was that I was wearing shorts
so just finish getting my getting my mop
trimmed up look at it
look how short it is so much better I'm
currently taking all of the backroads
rushing as fast as I possibly can guys
it is for 48 in the afternoon I've
edited my vlog as you've seen done the
thumbnail done everything but I haven't
been able to I literally haven't had a
chance to upload I've been in the
hairdresser's the Apple Store has the
fastest internet out of anywhere here
it's going to be crazy there's gonna be
so many of you guys in town so I don't
even know whether this is like going to
work or not it's the only way I can get
it up sometime soon all right let's go
uploading guys five minutes left
uploaded probably and Seana just got
here they didn't even recognize me did I
call my head you know nothing gives me
no my head is that sure I asked for
shorter than usual sure right four
minutes remain into the upload vlog is
all done and then I quickly pop over
here is apparently they've got these
things that you put on your phone and it
means that aunt Claire it means that
other people can't see what you're doing
on your phone a second you
but where are they no I need never
that's anti-glare that's for the sauna
thing screams lecture you know that's
just potato this one that says reflect
in German or French or something better
which one it is
shut up they might have there as always
thank you very much Apple your internet
great service we're hitting up Leon
grabbing some snacks this isn't dinner
this is just a snack the other day I
grabbed a halloumi wrap and it was
amazing John how much stuff have you
bought you today today I bought myself
nothing
poppy how much of you bought this never
happened no just asking how much people
everyone loves on the up day that um
sure
how much you've you bots they thought oh
oh and there's bags behind the bags
everybody one of them that shown stats
that's not are they out in these shoes
basket are they out look at having all
their bags
smell what oh you fought it it stinks
oh can you smell for buspar nice know
what autumn so we are so weird
hello hmm hello Zoe is probably fighting
or asleep are you hiding I don't trust
you can't hide him on the corner
somewhere Rubinek are you she upstairs
hello ah you in here I thought you were
hiding goodies from dinner though he's
not very feeling good today everybody
she's been in bed most of the day had to
cancel the common meetings and stuff I'm
sorry did I not give you enough
attention
did I not say hello when I came in I'm
sorry baby hey oh wow oh my gosh you're
excited
do you want your during your dinner
coming in come and then get me then go
and then let's go come on let's go get
mean coming in oh my gosh should we go
to the toilet first
let's put you outside first coming into
the toilet I dropped this camera on the
floor Valley by accident and now I feel
like it's gone worst quality I feel like
it's gone really bad in low light like
is it really bad or is that just me
is it still bad quality nothing like
it's gone better quality but by the name
what is this what is this where your
balls are there in here you had your
reps in here this morning
wait wait now that weights going to go
for some reason it feels really really
late but it is not it's only 7 p.m. also
my throat is still so messed up it's
only 7:00 p.m. on a Friday which means
the night is still young because I'm
Fridays we go clubbing we go drink it no
and don't do any of that it upwards I
just like chill out means it's the
weekend no meetings tomorrow you like my
haircut there sure isn't that dancers
having a breakfast
I mean having our dinner I'm just giving
Zoey a massage and it's what you
probably killed yeah he likes you
you just farted on me
veggie Noir never look at me at least it
didn't go all right let me put you guys
up here
sorry gonna fall on my hands no gonna
fall it's not me that's no gonna fall in
yeh right I'm going to my friend Holly's
tonight you're not even close it's right
there okay let me concert the massage
guys I'm going to my friend hoodies
house tonight just to go and chill and
hang out and some of her friends and
want to go in Zoe was invited but she
doesn't feel very well look at this this
is like honestly the worst massage
please you're gonna have to leave okay
let me mess why'd you open it I get so
many tweets every day and commerce when
it's done saying that means only a
couple goals and we soak you we're not
you I saw the other day always spent
enough more for your anniversary blog
was talking about farting I've just bite
on her twice now and worried in like
take away in bed and then I'm leaving
her while she's ill in bed
there's no couples goals here guys if
anything it just you know real couple
this is just real the reality of a
couple there's no picture s perfect
couple there's no such thing as that Zoe
and I are even like he's like the cutest
couple ever
evany and David a pretty cute I bet even
like he farts on how many every day if
you're watching a movie
are you insane oh yeah yeah it's a
lead-up hello
don't put it there let me just put it
about alpha this time it won't fall Ali
let me give you a massage
no speaking my head that's not your head
that's what my headache is you for your
hair tied up psyche on doesn't matter
oh my god this is not a nice Oh get in
the knocks ow no I'm serious really not
nice massage I'm getting the knots out
you're making me feel more Airy my mouth
open all alone yeah my man I mean you
know if people walk on your back I've
ever but not on your back I wish there's
multiple camera angles or let's let's
switch off the camera quickly right
because so much hair why don't you
explain how to massage that people at
home can do it to their high partner
it's the way which you must watch guys
you sit on them that's very important
you have to say on them preferably on
their bum so it's nice and padded they
can't even see you in the shop then use
both hands and you go like this motion
right well then you have to fight the
like a motorbike these things on the
front of a ship yeah oh I got my head
when I got my hair cut earlier the girl
massaged my head okay so why don't you
just do what she did to you to me oh is
that what she did
yes what she did even you know kisses on
your face yeah you suck in my ear yeah
if she is watching this like no didn't
just a cloud why she didn't suck my hair
or kiss me it was like sucking ear what
the bloody hell even is that that's what
you like to suck is not the least sexy
thing I've ever heard can you hear
sucked this feels like suddenly it's
like you know the lion getting a big
business fits this top what is it
yeah that's what it is like this is nice
isn't it no is this not nice actually
it's not bad
considering everything else you've done
in this massage I haven't finished the
massage yet it ends with an ice-cold
glass of water and two paracetamol sir
like help Joe with the massage no not
the pain of the massage to help with the
headache give me that little fishy give
me that little fishy that good just got
changed and I'm popping out like I said
earlier I'm just trying to get Nala a
treat that is good for dogs were bad
right family like a dental one liver
liver I don't let me have any that's
good for that all of you had me going
through your draw dental sticks daily
oral care dental sticks go see mommy and
she's gone I've got a surprise for my
friend Harley today she is gonna be over
the moon
once I tell her I'm going to try and
film it now holy surprise isn't she
gonna be excited yeah alright there's
your little fishy as well see you later
here's your little fishy as well see you
later
you do on what you want let me in silly
saucy boy your present what do you mean
it's only small funny joke do you mean
that you have to close your eyes it's no
I know I wish it was I got down flooding
massive gnomes that you have to shut
your eyes
you have to it's nice I promise you is
nice a hamster close your eyes it's in
my hand
so long with it
oh my god you suck you you like it love
it I'm gonna fill it up now cuz I saw
your tweet earlier you're so funny
defriend cuz it got ro8 it gets ejection
I can tell oh wait I mean I don't want
to say what today in my video you joking
you're away hey Gary sorry next day no
we got front-row Justin Bieber tickets I
thank him I was gonna I was gonna is
schirmer's I get this and then Zoey was
like yeah then circled the date that
you're going I was like no I bought 2017
calendar I can't suck or the blooming
day oh yeah give you hope are you ready
I've just left my friend Holly's now we
ended up playing like I didn't film
anything because I didn't want to just
fill all my friends back from school I I
joined it chilled hangout like old times
rapid have a camera everyone's faces you
know although I did snapchat the
weirdest thing of all but also the best
thing we ended up all playing hide and
seek in the dark for like hours just
hide-and-seek in the dark around the
entire like five bedroom flat it was so
much funnier so so again oh no don't
fade right just wall that looks so
bloomin scary oh it's late
like 12 o'clock at night where's my
little doggy hey baby hey hey have you
been sleeping it'd be even faster sleep
with mummy just filling up the boys
water bottle flashing the shoutings over
sleep screw this bit on I'm gonna end my
blog down here everybody because I don't
wanna go upstairs just wakes up straight
away let me know we think my haircut in
the comments down below it's quite a lot
shorter than usual but still long on the
top it looks like a nest at the moment
I'll style it better tomorrow again I'm
sorry that I didn't feel much tonight
but like I said I wanted to just catch
up with friends without them to stick a
camera in their faces
yeah it's good insight one night you're
straight we literally ended up pain is
it articulate articulate the game
I'm hide-and-seek in the dark let's lit
your head I'm going to go to bed now so
thank you so much watching this video
your challenge today I'm going to say
your task 28,000 thumbs up that is your
challenge go down below smash the thumbs
up and tell your friends to do the same
leave some lovely comments I'm gonna try
and read and reply to a load of you
knowledge literacy from the fall down
here already to draw the wooden floor I
see us tomorrow thank you so much for
the love and support and see you bright
and early in the morn it's the weekend
it's Coney Saturday Thea if I didn't
lovely weekend I'll catch you to morrow
good night guys I really like me is
because nice camera now for hmm now
really is caramel filled twists
Twizzlers caramel apple
