good whoa my vote good morning guys good
morning and welcome to a new daily brow
thank you so much with the spoiler
videos recently it has been unbelievable
we've just woken up it's super early
it's still dark outside Zoey's in a
pyjamas still I love them because he's
don't told them that don't tell them
guys on it don't look don't know don't
this ten minutes to 7:00 in the evening
it's ten minutes seven but I have had a
busy day I promise you I've been doing
so much stuff I kicked off this morning
bright and early with a gym session that
went something along the lines of this
after the gym I got home had a shower at
some lunch had a protein shake headed to
a meeting and then after the meeting I
met up with my hairdresser Phil you guys
have probably seen him in videos before
and Sean and we were bouldering like
rock climbing it was unbelievable
on one of the climbs as I fell like I
was gripped too hard and I don't know if
you can see that but that like this one
here lit up like a ripped all my skin
and it's like flappy so my hand is like
super super sore which is gonna suck in
the gym tomorrow morning but other than
that other than that little rip in my
hand I've had a fantastic day I've just
been reading all of your comments on my
new daily blog thank you so much there's
so much positivity in this community at
the moment and I just want to take a
minute to say thank you
five-four-three-two-one
my dinner is ready
I've been the worst vlogger today just
gone sofa I fell asleep for over an hour
I think yours like an hour and a half
yeah I did yeah next unit we're just
going off and often often often each
other to stop certain alarm for a half
an hour now enough nothing more woke up
an hour I woke up at 904 I set my alarm
for 8 o'clock
Zoe's heads and must acknowledge on the
exact same page as me Marla we're bros
nada
the other day a parcel arrived to the
house and Zoe had ordered like I didn't
know this was going on this is usually
me that's doing this a ton of American
sweets in candy but specifically
specifically that's why it is not
specifically Halloween like Halloween
candy so we're going to start off by
trying this one this is a KitKat crunchy
that's not cookie dough American okay
good I know what we're trying yeah do
you enjoy yeah we can try it if you want
to know you don't
come on this is our ease this is Zoe's
beloved kick out that she's been saving
one last try in a Petrus that I said
this on York love already did not know
you did say where you found that now
don't open out for bad you save if you
want to say yeah I want to save it do
you know when you're like really hungry
in the mood that's Jacob I said don't
open a key I look great she's good
you're so high come down my heart now we
might try that what by the Oreo should
we try with about the Oreos since I know
I think you should try I've never
actually tried under these these of
birthday Oreos sorry about me trying
candy guys I know I just did a mean John
a video crying candy legit wasn't
planning to the Zoey ordered loads after
this birthday one I'll show you the
stuff is this good their way show them
let me show you the packet birthday
Oreos am I ready
oh it's like colored in the middle mmm
now mate can you get that in UK no
where'd you get that fun they had a
packet in Urban Outfitters one and then
I ordered the modern soda American soda
or something humming boy I opened that
is incredible all that mmm
who's I was gonna say who's bringing you
but let's all gasp who's rig enough II
literally she means me all the time sure
sure
what you wan what you are what you do it
I'm trying to FaceTime you you're in bed
aren't you granny
okay
I'm guessing she was gonna say don't
film me but kind of froze hello Elly lay
oh my god I don't want to ring though
his Frankfort for sheepishly
I've actually just woken up from an hour
and a half now oh god bad vision
no that's a good decision you won't
sleep I did I did an hour in the gym
this morning and two hours rock-climb
and I'm tired
finally got papi off of the phone 20
minutes later she just asked nothing to
talk about she rings me so often that
that actually isn't any I know it's
really nice but she does really soft and
that there is actually nothing else we
could talk like possibly talk about tell
them your day
Quizlet I've never even heard of a
twizzler in caramel apple it is the
thing okay why would you want a time I
need started in the next one oh that's
like a big grab bag that's kind of like
that's like a big like trick-or-treating
bag yeah yeah wow that smells so strong
oh my gosh
you ready mmm oh my god I love that I
really like me is because nice caramel
apple hmm now really is caramel filled
twists Twizzlers caramel apple highly
rate they taste like those things you
can get right into the mix which one's
the like long one I like long ones with
the stuff in the middle
yes oh my god oh so you get those off
school to the time right I'm gonna save
the one that I'm most excited for last
which is this one this one oh this I
don't try to hit that well sorry let's
just go for that one now we've got
Snickers pumpkins no pumpkin I don't
know these are pumpkin flavored or just
in the shape of pumpkins oh well I hope
the pumpkin flavor I'm interested to
know if Snickers is the same oh yeah
nope isn't Snickers in the u.s. Milky
Way
no because it says was it bounty look
milk chocolate with creamy caramel and
peanut are they pumpkin shaped if they
aren't gonna be look at that
we're collapse knickers now so put them
in Snickers guys Snickers hmm
cigarette quite spot-on that's like a
normal Snickers just pumpkin shape I
think I got two of these so you can have
them Indian corn candy made with real
honey they don't have any normal candy I
mean I've used four times yeah okay so I
don't know what these are they're Indian
ones Indian yeah they look like
Halloween are they not pumpkin blade or
anything no I don't think that energy in
corn I just like that they look like
Halloween colors yeah they look like
teeth kind of don't they I bet it's just
pure sugar in taste of anything I don't
like them that was good thing I like
them but it's just pure like it's just
like sugar it's kind of like we're super
map you know that the sugar mice yes
it's like low but small version yeah you
just
I just can't taste anything as having
sugar right lastly the last Halloween
candy we bought probably the most
popular branches lollipops in the flavor
caramel apple caramel corn write or sing
the line all the like company sets was
sold out already
I suppose America do go hard on
Halloween I wish we did Halloween and
looking for yeah pops I didn't know that
at probably the most popular branches
lollipops oh my god I love the look a
bit do you remember
Oh looks way better than mine mine's our
half and half yours has barely got Jonas
which No
don't really taste the same guys good
what does that taste like mine just
takes of Apple um Hubba Bubba green
apple that's the one that's what it
tastes like
and I love that are you getting any
caramel if I lick the balm Bev I've got
a massive shock there at the bottom
there you go oh my gosh different lick
mine is it really that different
just lick mine it's all Apple oh my god
I prefer yours what sales I love it
being all up lick that Knut pollutes
that concludes Halloween taste in
American candy part of this blog hope
you enjoyed that I'd like to know what
other like American Halloween candy
there is I know there's lots of pumpkin
spice stuff on that but it was all sold
out
we us some other American fun is that
extra chewing gum chewing gum and
pumpkin spice flavor daddy I'm gonna
like this I think I'm gonna like it I'm
not a huge fan of pumpkin I'm just not
the biggest fan of flavored chewing gum
because I like I never go for it it gets
less flavored quicker it's like you
instantly want to swallow it but you
can't because it's a flavor that I don't
know it's kind of like how some people
don't like mints well it looks good yeah
yeah it's not a cinnamon yarn I'm gonna
like that
it's such a shame because if that was a
sweet that you could swallow I think I
would like it but because it's a chewing
gum that you just chew in your marrow
any reason I ever get chewing gum mr.
Mehra breath smell good and my breath
would you smell a pumpkin and like I
would love that
the only thing doubt and scented breath
it does taste like a Starbucks or
tonight hey autumn today so much legit
is like pumpkin spice they've got the
flavored like yeah that's amazing I like
this more than what I thought I'd like
that
blood ferment just because I don't
really like flavor chewing gum yeah you
sleeping baby you don't like a little
French of you it's like that oh my gosh
this is like the worst lighting I look
so dead it's only better
we're just gonna have to accept that the
lighting is it's not the best right now
so one of you guys if by the way if you
can hear like random speaking about
gonzo is editing the vlog if you can is
snoring Nala is fast asleep and snoring
so loud one of you guys called selfie
with two E's fan with two N's
page on Twitter I believe their name is
Cody they tweeted me yesterday saying
say this in a vlog may help a few people
and I read it and it blew my mind and it
was just so true that I wanted to read
it to you guys in a video and that's
what I'm gonna do you have eighty six
thousand four hundred dollars in your
account and someone stole $10 from you
would you be upset through all of the
eighty-six thousand three hundred ninety
dollars left away in the hopes of
getting back at the person who took your
ten dollars or would you move on and
live move on a live see we have 86,400
seconds and every day so don't let
someone's negative ten seconds
ruin the rest of your eighty-six
thousand three hundred ninety don't
sweat the small stuff
life is bigger than that I like that
quote but that's crazy
I love it but because someone's small
ten seconds can ruin your day I know but
I feel like money and mental your mind
is so different
like I wouldn't really out like what it
son given because you picture as
different this is your toy you know how
people with no money can never really
buy you happiness yeah money is like
like money is just went everything it's
not really like when someone's negative
to you in a day really think about it
but that's what this whole core is
saying if if it's it's such a small
portion of your day don't let it get to
you carry on living don't sweat it
and just enjoy the rest of your day and
if you put it in perspective of
something that you can easily dispose of
like money maybe if we all talked to
mentally be able to dispose of those
negative comments and negativity that
somebody might put on you and our lives
would all be a bit better maybe that I
mean it's hard to think of because
obviously we brought up and we're
trained to take in not purposely but we
get affected by negativity maybe just
that's a human nature to take in
negativity more definitely more than
positivity but by putting in the terms
of money and below so if somebody took
$10 off if you had eighty six thousand
four hundred dollars would you be
annoyed now because it's only ten
dollars however if somebody was horrible
to you for ten seconds now get you
bombed down for the rest of the day and
we shouldn't do that so I decided to
read that before for end of load today
leave you guys with something to think
about
let me know your favorite comment down
below your favorite quote of all time
comment down below I'm gonna read some
I'll reply to you guys I'm also going to
end the vlog now because it is one
minute to one go to Lee for the gym in
like under eight hours like seven and a
half hours thank you so much with the
love and support again like I said that
we get in the blog I've been looking at
the comments recent I've been looking at
the thumbs up I've been looking at
everything online the Twitter everything
and you guys the support has been crazy
so thank you so much with the love
recently if you want to leave a thumbs
up on this video feel free to guys
challenge yourselves get as many as you
possibly can I'm not going to give you a
target today I know you guys have been
seeing some it's nickimja vlogs as well
something that's coming out soon but I'm
not going to tell you what if you know
you know I'll catch you guys in the
morning
good night guys why are you taking all
the pain OH
dude
