why is getting up in the morning so
bloomin hard
got Christmas music on guys
and it is currently the 5th of October
you can't have Christmas music on until
November oh so it's wrong is that your
bro no this is our house my rules
overtake the world no they done
Zoey has had breakfast and is now on to
eat in one of the cakes which normally
I'd say that's not very healthy but I
kind of bought eight cakes yesterday
yeah for anniversaries do we have to eat
them so all elbow so fair enough I've
just got to just got back from the gym
and I've got four scrambled eggs with
some melted cheese in that serious but
it's not Frosty the Snowman
it's literally sunny it is a completely
blue sky Zoey look at the sky it's cold
though but it's a complete blue sky and
we listening to Frosty the Snowman okay
let's go no no what do you think about
this she's literally asleep in the Sun
just you wait with no Johnson's now you
want snow this year I just got all
dressed and ready for today I've got a
very very very exciting important
meeting starting in nine minutes in my
office which is definitely more than
nine minutes away so I need to get going
quick look at knowledge just laying in
the Sun see you later see you later have
a nice bath where are you come and say
goodbye oh that's all good
so just finished up the main meeting of
today I've still got one more like half
an hour meeting before I can go and help
I haven't even told you guys today wait
if I even fully said good morning to you
guys yet I feel like a half but if I
haven't good morning guys how you doing
so today the main plan is I'm going to
help my friend Holly move house she
currently lives with her parents she did
go to uni so she's lived by herself
before but she currently lives back a
home of my parents and my turn and then
today she is moving in super excited I'm
so excited today she is moving in with
two of her friends she's rented like a
massive van which I don't even know if I
trust her driving a van this is Holly
we're talking about like my craziest
friend she's rented like a massive ban
to move all of her stuff and I'm going
to go along and help her carry
everything out from put it in the van
and put it into our new flat thanks so
much
what she just called me up and saying
that she doesn't have any screwdrivers
no screws no nails no little hangers no
hammer or anything to put stuff on the
wall so I so I'm in a shop now trying to
find trying to find bits to buy got all
the goods I feel like I need to get her
like a celebratory know the kitchen
looks closed I was going to get her some
cupcakes but it's closed all right let's
see if I can get some ice cream see if
they do take away
looks amazing
got some celebratory moving in gelato
that's what I'm talking about
now I've just received a text from Holly
saying apparently I've got to carry by
myself and move a washing machine
I don't think Holly realizes how how
skinny I am not hopefully we go to the G
of a couple of weeks oh my gosh I don't
even know where her new place is I'm
going to try and find it on Google Maps
might just put it my sat-nav actually
let's get go in to meet Holly Jesse and
Holly's mum I don't know what this is
going to be like I don't even know
whether how much I'm gonna be able to
film because I think we're just gonna be
like hanging things on the wall and
apparently carrying washing machines and
moving beds and cupboards and clothes
and today is one of those days where
just I get a one-up on Holly she's gonna
owe me after this if ever needed a lift
anywhere or somebody to go for a late
night adventure bowling or something
Holly's gonna owe me hey mister oh my
gosh she's like a ballet dancer hey hey
hey come here why are you taking all the
pain oh I really want to feel really
happy don't be so much
there you go thank you Jesse oh that's a
good thing baby's not is she oh it
worked its way you could just put like
dinner in there but it's fine well you
know it's coming now no it's coming
around this corner why we bring it back
up because we're gonna turn it upside
down yeah because then you've got just
yeah
now turn it upside down watch this i'ma
do this
yeah bit wheel because it's thinner this
way round you know pocket around the
corner I think you might still be able
to cry listen it's gotta be the other
way up so it's going to be like how it
no it can't be
why not we've just tried that okay not
it now watch this not on its side but
how you would have it naturally watch
this fella and then we're gonna go up
showdown goodness okay I'm not doing
anything
me neither I'm now camerawoman Oh out
guys I knew there's a reason I was
friends of you so a guy she really likes
ever yep oh this is the best way that
works so driven well kind of it now long
what you mean honey you're happy to
damage here we go oh honey it's bad
oh just think on it over time I wish you
don't know how to stop this oh good
ponies about to dry candyfloss great no
really sweet I just do one or like 700
mean if you want to put seven in one
fight yeah yeah just try one it's gonna
blow your mind
they're so delicious yeah I'm cross with
the gray
do you like them no they don't
they're incredible Holies rooms really
coming together it's okay I love it just
this bit to tackle next final update on
Holly's room I haven't filmed - oh my
gosh
it looks so good
look at it all it's literally like done
in a day oh you left a bucket there I've
just left Holly's now guys that was the
longest day / evening of like oh no you
get shaken about of like packing I've
ever had unpacking I mean not packing
unpacking I've ever had in my entire
life like so so productive but I can't
eat it's like half past 11:00 a night
right I just got home now
and in my bag I've got a prank that I
wanted to play on Zoey tonight but I
thought I was going to be free from like
7 or 8 p.m. I did not think of y'all
often so I think it's a bit too late
ah she's already gone to bed
I thought we she might be on the sofa I
don't even can hear me in my bag today I
got some of the scariest masks ever
I really wanted to break up tonight but
it's half past 11:00 and I know she's
gonna be fast asleep and it wouldn't be
fair to prank her while she's asleep
that's a bit too mean just going up to
bed
I've got the gym super early in the
morning
so I do need to try and carelessly Sozo
is not asleep in the end she's actually
up editing a new video for you guys and
it's quarter past twelve and she's still
awake those late for you
she's been editing this one part of a
video with music to the last like half
an hour since been in bed this is all I
can hear lychee first open clubbing
whilst we're trying to sleep I'm gonna
end the vlog guys I need to get some
sleep I've got the gym and like eight
hours if you've enjoyed the video give
it a big ol thumbs up again I'm not
going to leave you of a number to hit
today a challenge you guys set yourself
the challenge yesterday's vlog the one
of our four year anniversary has got the
most views any of my daily vlogs I've
had ever like the most thumbs up and the
most views my blogs have ever had in
like five or six hours it is crazy
so thank you so much with the llama yes
for this video now if you want to say
goodbye message that's a nice message
alright I'll see in the morning guys
good night night them look how many
there are
