good morning guys good morning how you
doing we're currently still in bed we're
having a slow morning with delicious
food look at your breakfast you
literally got a chocolate cake show them
all the other cakes look at all of that
you buddy all of those were oh my god
huh there's literally eight of them if
you had your breakfast
yeah you've already had yours haven't
you no that's mine okay no that's my
breakfast and we're just watching TV
trying to find something fun ah yes I
used to watch this so much much younger
this and cribs you never had this this
is oh the signal keeps on going like
them oh my goodness bloody ell so then
if you guys saw yesterday's video
properly but I am Odin Zoey a big bunch
of roses as big as I possibly could they
have a shop in fighting called guns in
fact they have two of them and I asked
how many roses they could possibly get
for me white roses for today and I think
they said something like 30 or something
so I said that's not enough I need some
more so I kind of bought all the roses
both the shops had got the deliveries to
go to one of the shop and they got them
to make me a massive bunch and send them
you like them Marvin look how crazy it
looks smells so good
do you like them Zoey's ordered tons of
American candy and sweets look at all of
this oh it's all like pumpkin like
pumpkin spice and stuff
yeah should we try some so it's
currently tiding going through a wipe
here box and everything look at all of
these looks so cool right seen a bear
I've just finished up editing today's
vlog it's currently 3 p.m. and I haven't
had any lunch yet so I've heard some
very big rumors that Waitrose and now
selling freshly made sushi apparently
apparently it's come today so that's
what we're going look at this oh my god
this is sick oh my gosh this is today
shopping what some milk
sushi sushi sushi and some soy sauce
can we talk about Waitrose having like a
proper sushi section I can't even begin
to tell you how excited I am
why they even do edamame and I bought
this for the very first time gem I roll
salmon cheese I think it's like salmon
and rice and cheese looks good
so bloomin lovely day guys the weather
is just incredible how we have it I mean
I'm not complaining I'm definitely not
complaining but we are having an amazing
October also on that note how is it
already October like I feel like 2016
has only just begun I can't even imagine
writing 2017 down 2017 in a couple of
months it's going to be 27 teen whereas
this year gone so I'm just driving home
but I'm about to go past Toys R Us and I
feel like there could be some fun things
that we could pick up on the way home we
don't have any room for anything new in
the house but I mean we could fit some
stuff in the garden we could buy some
fun stuff Zoey is gonna kill me let's go
to Toys R Us I got something super super
exciting not that I was going in for I
went in there to see whether I could get
you guys are going to laugh when I say
this I wanted to get a blow-up swimming
pool but not used for actual swimming
just to use because I have 10,000 you
guys know I do I have 10,000 bull pit
bulls that I bought in our shed in our
garden and I don't
what to do with them I bought them like
so long ago before people were really
using them in videos and I didn't know
what to do with them they've sat in the
shed since then every single youtuber
Under the Sun has made videos with ball
pit bulls snap got 10,000 bull pit bulls
sitting there doing nothing so what it
includes you guys in the planning in the
process of this way let me take my
bracelet is a really annoying way I want
to know what you guys think I should do
with them my latest idea my newest thing
and I don't know if anyone's done this
before I just thought of it last night
is to buy a mini trampoline let you know
when you're a kid and you have the tiny
tiny little circular ones or you can do
is jump up and down like no flips or
anything I want to get a tiny one of
those and then a blow-up swimming pool
fill the swimming pool with bull pit
bulls and then invite some friends over
all of us like run jump on the
trampoline and do like flips and stuff
into the swimming pool but not full of
water full of bull bit balls Biden I so
I just tried to get a swimming pool in
there like a blow-up one and they had
one that could have done like it was
okay
but it wasn't really that deep it
definitely was not gonna fit ten
thousand balls so I might have to look
on Amazon or something anyways I should
get home before I sue she's gonna be
gonna be warm in a minute I did get one
thing I don't have to show you or not I
think I should show you okay I'm going
to show you what I got just because it's
so excited so you know the game Pie Face
that went absolutely viral everywhere
now I did a video on it and you guys
loved it like absolutely loved this the
little game where it's like splattering
the face of Pi they've made a new one
called Pie Face showdown so there's two
of you and it's like a speed competition
of some sort I don't know it says that
whoever does it the reacts the fastest
the opponent the other person gets
splattered in the face and there's like
two buttons so I want to try and do this
with like Zoe or Sean or poppy or my mum
imagine if I did that my mum or my
grandma anyway anyways I bought that
because it's like a jewel competition
version which looks amazing right let's
get going home oh here we go
it one time one time here we go here we
go now
whoo oh yeah check this out for a lunch
that just looks incredible gotta tell
everyone what you just said no tell them
I said are you even gonna tell them yeah
actually I said isn't it wonderful that
we spent four years together no you did
not tell them what you said so I'll be
went to kiss me and I went it's I farted
in my mouth with my mouth no I should
really hang on that's the quaint it's
gonna be taken away I'm gonna bail and
look at my hair look at my hair
I did a fart noise and I was like that's
what you sound like when you find it was
like pudding why do I know you never
said that's what I sound like I said
let's be honest you've done a fart like
that before
like what and I said like what what no
sweat
I've never sure I said if you haven't
done that thing where you think you're
gonna do and it just goes I can't
believe you just said that one YouTube
like actually I didn't believe that but
it's just something but it happens it
does happen you think you're the loudest
fun it's just air and you're like no
yeah I know but it's not like a proper
fart noise I've never bought it I never
farted
of course I remember your grandma always
says she's never farted mygerber has
ever bought you know I just don't
believe that you're the camera mom's I
can I think it's passed down the family
because she's never farted Niva hi why
do I look white I've never farted have I
are you actually kidding then there's
video footage of you fart ain't no I
never thought you did I've never bought
an Euler path knowledge of the rankest
fart last night she was cuddling me so
close and if she did the rank is far
look at her
we all know that Zoe knows I do it I
just do have you ever done you know
there's guns of fire air like the Mucky
what a big people are you poor
and you're right the reason why we
started speaking about this is also the
ridge Raman bed is because I started
feeling really ill again like the
feeling I felt like it two days ago the
feeling when you feel like you're about
to get ill that's what I feel I'm right
now sighs it is not like that all of
yesterday I got really sore throats Joe
I need another cup of tea I think you're
just tired
I'm gonna say but maybe you are I know
the reason why we started talking about
the farting it was Wednesday and I got
really excited about bake-off another
amendment or Tuesday we've got that to
look forward to tomorrow that's true um
the reason why we started talking about
fighting is because I wanted to tell you
guys about our first kiss so the first
time we ever guessed
just as I lips touched Zoey Thornton no
I did okay you said you were gonna tell
him haha shall I
because you made up a story I didn't
make up a story made up a story so I'm
just gonna tell everyone's I dedicate
I'm gonna tell everyone that because
that's such a cute thing when we first
kissed after that I went and brush my
teeth to go to bed and Alfie was like we
don't sing or singing or something why
would I be dogs you were like we were in
a hotel room he was like like this
really happy to it sorry I'm just really
happy if you couldn't tell and I was
like oh yes later I did not make who do
you believe come on or my side of the
story which is the first time we kissed
as I lips touch show me when oh no I did
I definitely did not find in front of
you for a while
yeah you did no I did not you Dinks one
time you said you held a pee for five
days it was five my three days don't
make that true day three days that is so
bad Zoey Zoey game laughing so he came
to mine as in my parents house cuz I was
living my parents back then and my
parents upstairs Twila has like cracks
on the door no lock and and isn't the
same room as a sink or bathroom or like
a shower so we've got basically the room
next to my bedroom so it goes if you go
to the top of the stair
I'm sorry my hair is a mess if you go to
the top of the stairs
there's my bedroom or my old bedroom and
I knit for my family
then there's the bathroom which is a
bath and shower and a sink
then it's Papi's bedroom then mom and
dad's bedroom then a spare bedroom and
then just a toilet no sink and nothing's
if you ever wear your poo you need to
wipe your hands in it or not wipe them
wash them you go from the toilet
straight to the bathroom and you wash
your hands afterwards which means that
you can't do the good old trick or
pretending you're going for a wee no
pretending you're going for a shower and
you're actually going for a poo which is
what I'm guessing couples would do it
first where they like oh yeah just going
for a shower doesn't care and it's just
like we're gonna go for a but no we
don't know yeah but like when they first
meet Zoey likes brushing their teeth and
I'm like why my name's going going for a
wee head I'm not fitting that in but
anyways what would we say the first time
we can't so yet no I didn't
hopefully today okay so you can believe
Alfie's stupid Stormin down below which
one you believe I give the video thumbs
up if you believe that ha ha
well let us know if you ever get
disappointed when you think you're gonna
do allowed father's name yeah let us
know your first kiss with your current
girlfriend a boyfriend was like Annie
and how long it took before you broke
the pool fart barrier yeah let us know
if any of you've been in long life I've
known friends of mine that have been in
relationships like six seven years and
still have never ever like admit that
they pooed or farted or farted yeah I
never even have been together like five
six years and I've never fought in front
of the other person I can do that I
driving just far like surely you should
get stomach cramp also this is like a
four year anniversary and we're just
laying in bed talking about do any fart
in this is I'm very sorry guys and
that's gonna cute romantic date tonight
candlelit dinner I've tidied the whole
house yeah sorry said she wants to get
pizza tonight is that what we're doing
for a romantic evening
actually I don't want to go for a walk
because I look like this why don't why
don't I jump in the bath have really
nice
that's more than you can weigh massage
can I make it the most relaxing fun than
having a full body massage afterwards
with our music spa music yeah I look so
disgusting well you don't I've had like
a massive allergic reaction to a product
guys please stop using one of the
reasons why I have not been on camera in
a while
because I honestly how bad is my skin
though his face was it was someone's eye
it looked like I had like um chicken pox
yeah wasn't even like spots it was like
red rashes like a brush kind of thing
all over base like so bad I love you oh
my god are you like I'm lying on a dog
oh you are not or a donkey or something
Oh what an honest smelly dog yeah these
are real dogs like you're lying on my
legs you know these are real no no no we
don't never do the faux fur guys look at
you you are just the cutest dog in the
whole wide world so Zoey no talking
earlier about how we could ever get
another dog because I really really want
to get another pug I think it just has
to be a pug don't know why I just feel
like it does it is tempting to get maybe
like French Bulldog or a Boston Terrier
it's a Boston Terrier that Tom sister
has is now yeah Boston Terrier they're
awesome I don't think we could get
something too big because it pugs only
need up to like half an hour walk in a
day whereas if we got like a Labrador
something obviously they need like a
couple of hours walking a day so it'd be
quite weird let me just put you down
what's the turnaround sit be that's what
I mean like imagine taking that measure
if we got like a Labrador and we took
that dog out for two hours walk in a day
an olive only for like half an hour or
an hour Nala would be so confused why
she's not going at the time but it
wouldn't be good for to go out for that
much exercise
yeah plus also just on lifestyles I
don't think would fit walking the dog
for two hours a day I can I think we
have the time to do that a pug fits all
ABS perfectly but the main thing that
would
and if you've experienced this if you've
had multiple dogs or multiple pugs
especially with multiple caps or
something then let us know because we've
never ever had animals like this for
hide cats growing up but we had two cats
at the same time if we were to get
another dog how annoyed would not be and
would it ever change her forever because
obviously I know at first the shift of
like attention would be incredibly hard
for Nala and I know it always is like
when families are babies and stuff and
they've got a dog it'd be super
confusing but eventually would she be
fine with being another dog so for
example like Zoey and I were lain
upstairs earlier as you saw just in bed
together
Annihilus I in the middle just fast
asleep if there was another dog there
she would have been like trying to
compete to get the most attention but
would that slow down and gradually stop
if we had them for like a year I don't
really know I suppose that's a question
I'm just getting out there and then if
any of you guys know any tips or advice
then anything would be much appreciated
because I'd love to eventually like not
soon so maybe like next year
get another pug but I want to know that
it wouldn't really really affect Nala
and that she still would be like sleep
on the sofa cover up there and she
wouldn't be like trying to get more
attention off of us than this other dog
I don't know anyways not feeling very
well guys today I did tell you that Phil
I think you mentioning that though it's
just always some food that looks amazing
but I don't really feel like eating so I
so I didn't order anything but I'm about
to make but to make some eggs not like
that not bored eggs I'm going to make
some scrambled eggs and I'm going to put
in some mature cheese some cheesy
scrambled eggs for dinner
just my sunlight but him yeah basically
an omelet but last time I tried to make
an omelet
it turned into scrambled eggs and I
tried to make an omelet so now I'm just
going to purposely make some scrambled
eggs because I don't want to
accidentally make scrambled eggs and
tell you guys I'm trying to make an
omelet but I am trying to make some
scrambled eggs not an omelet I mean not
gonna lie I think you came a little bit
bare off
I'm gonna end my vlog the quickest
ending of a vlog I've ever done because
I need to sleep I've got the gym half an
hour earlier than usual tomorrow morning
if you enjoyed the video guys I can't
even believe that we've been together
for years and like people have been
working out since the day that they got
leaps that we were together that we were
together ten months before then oh my
god and lizard yeah I don't even know
what to say
thanks for the love and support as
always give the video a thumbs up if you
feel like being nice I'm not even gonna
challenge you today challenge yourselves
comment down below how many you think we
should get and give us much thumbs up
sports you can subscribe if you haven't
already let me know when you want me to
play this pie face alright I said I was
going to end the video quickly I see two
more guys goodnight it's annoying that
it's completely blue sky right now and
when we come out of this meeting Zoe
it's gonna be dark
