so if you're up to date with these vlogs
you will know that the other day when I
came for dinner in town I decided to
have a few cocktails so I left my car
here now this morning I've had to jump
in a taxi back into town to get my car
to go to the gym that is how committed I
am to the gym everybody good morning
good morning guys how you doing hope
you're having a lovely day whatever
you're doing wherever you are in the
world it is amazing weather like the sky
is completely blue I can't even see one
cloud let's get going let's put some
music on and let's go hit the gym
I am absolutely knackered just jumped
out of my car to go grab some food you
know you know the week before last I
popped into that place called to cook
that was all like frozen but delicious
food I'm going to pop back in there
today see what they've got try and get
myself some good delicious healthy meals
for the week here we go mmm this is good
so it may look like I'm still in the car
after getting all of that food from the
frozen food place after the gym but I
have in fact been home edited the vlog
uploaded the vlog I just completely
forgot to film it
I've just popped out now and I just
bought a load of Zoe's favorite cakes
and pastries perfect thank you so much
and then can I get one of each of those
maybe a couple of these as well oh my
gosh I literally can't see anything
right I know you literally cannot see me
but I tried to talk just then so many
times whilst driving and the camera was
getting thrown all over the place and
had to concentrate on the road so
basically I've got you really really
quick because oh and I've got like six
minutes to get to a meeting outside of
the house and I'm currently home in the
car you can't even see me hello Zoe no
I've never ever celebrated an
anniversary like we always always always
forget about it but I've remembered that
it's tomorrow I think a Zoe has no idea
like she's gonna forget and that's
actually fine we always do however I've
got our absolute favorite cakes and
pastries ready for tomorrow morning she
has no idea I've also ordered her 50
white roses 50 I let you hang at the
places like what's the most they can do
they're like 30 okay can you bring up
your other store your other florist and
see if you can buy all of their roses as
well so they got all of their roses but
I've got 50 white roses being delivered
tomorrow morning and then I just got
card as well for her and stuff and it's
gonna be amazing like it's gonna be
awesome I've got to go what to get going
otherwise I'm going to be late for this
meeting
hey little one
hey we're in the car on the way to the
final meeting of today my vlog is all
scheduled and ready to go up live whilst
we're in this meeting I think I've got
everything else ready and done it's
annoying that it's completely blue sky
right now and when we come out of this
meeting Zoe it's gonna be dark yeah but
I like no I want to like get out I feel
like I haven't been able to get out the
house yet I'd do anything today where's
my little sausage there she is hey hey
hey have you been a good girl
I've even a good girl right are you just
gonna run to mommy now if you do I'm
going to be really upset okay see how it
is don't worry for you all go comment in
yes I have not had a shower since I've
been to the gym this morning I'm still
wear my gym clothes
it's absolutely gross but I've just been
non-stop in which we haven't had a
moment to have a shower today
i stunk up some dinner what we have in
our greed but you're not going to want
anything I want to surprise myself with
smoked salmon and pesto tartlets does
that sound good
you don't like salmon I'm going to have
smoked salmon and pesto it says it
serves two I'm very hungry I'm just
going to vote for them what do you want
for dinner how about this in here
macaroni cheese how long does it take to
do 45 minutes yeah go on then I'll have
another you okay up there you okay
what's the matter
see you guys know that I love my shoes I
buy like everyone's got their own little
obsession Zoey loves buying festive
things whatever season it is whether
that's like Christmas or Halloween or I
don't even know any every single day is
some kind of festive day fitori that's
what she loves buying Zoey says she's
just addicted to buying no but you don't
buy like some people are into like
buying designer shoes or design a
handbag so you don't buy expensive
clothes or anything I just like look
like you buy like track suit let's show
than them I do love these I picked these
the other day love the color now I love
that color I've never really got into
like buying I supposed gadgets I do buy
a lot of gadgets I do buy a lot but as
of the last year I've really gotten to
buying shoes so today I thought I would
show you my I don't know what so dark in
this room do these mutts not work no
they don't work we got thing outside
perfect there we go okay so today I
thought I would show you my shoe storage
let me just quickly go and get two pairs
of shoes of mine that downstairs just to
fill it all out otherwise we're gonna
have two missing gaps and that's what
that's just annoying I've got them both
here let me go and fill the spots in
welcome to my shoe storage everybody
look at that this is so cool and then
I've got three
there as well that I couldn't fit on the
top because of the ceiling I've wanted
shoe storage for ages where I can
visibly see the shoes like all stacked
up because so many of them like I had at
one point all my shoes in the bottom is
covered here but I could never ever see
the ones at the back so therefore I
never ever wore them but having it
stored this way I can always see all of
my shoes it's unbelievable let me go
through a couple of my favorite pairs ok
so here I've obviously got three pairs
I'll let you can open it like this as
well so these are three pairs of uses
that I've got here that are probably up
there with my favorite some getting the
new v2s
tonight actually the new ones these are
if you're not into shoes I'm your
sneakers I'm very very sorry these are
some black ultra bass that I absolutely
love these are so comfortable I wear
those to the gym most days I've got
these ones in here which buy absolutely
love but because the bottom like dips in
I don't know if you can see that they're
really hard to drive in so sometimes
you'll press down to accelerate here and
then the next second you accelerate here
but because of the bump you push down
harder so I don't ever drive in those
shoes or man these my digi camos
absolutely love those these are some new
ones I haven't worn these runs yet I
literally got these the other day that
still got the label on look at these
nmds these basically the same similar as
the ones below again I can't drive in
those got some of these guys when I was
on holiday but also got them in black up
here to me no just loads of nmds let any
of these enemies
I love these nmds look at them that's so
cool these are amazing I think these are
exclusive to JD there's some like run
nmds I think they're for running they're
so nice though more than in the gym the
other day one last pair one last pair
I'm going to show you these which I
really like although I bought them a
size too small which is a bit annoying
too they're super super tight I wasn't
even planning on showing you all of that
today but that's my shoe storage let me
know what your favorite shoe is what's
your favorite what's your favorite
sneaker I'm about to pick up the new fit
of the easies tonight I think tonight
and I'm really really excited to see how
they see how they fit
right dinner is done so I've got salmon
tartlets I want to say on quinoa and
Zoe's got mac and cheese that I'm so
jealous about Zoe smell this it smells
incredible oh there you go look at this
little doggie come on you need to go out
to the toilet you see you out to the
toilet
look at her I don't know where the day
has gone whoa it's a clear night tonight
all the stars are out looks amazing
somehow it's like half-past twelve don't
know how I swear like ten minutes ago at
six o'clock fell asleep on the sofa I
tried to stop watching the series power
I got told it was amazing
started watching episode 1 today love
now I was like 20 minutes into it woke
up at the end of episode 2 have no idea
what happened so I've got to really
watch that at some point so this is the
difficult thing Zoe like so many Oh Zoe
lights so many candles every evening
because she just absolutely loves camera
she's an obsession with candles and then
she goes to bed and I never know which
one she's knitting which one she hasn't
and then it's just like a hunt from
around the house it's like playing
hide-and-seek but with candles we have
to try and find out which ones which one
she's lit and which one she hasn't and
then blow them all out but just a bit
more of a risk because if I get it wrong
could potentially have a house fire
just going to bet got myself a really
milky cup of tea I put so much you're
welcome because I just wanted to drink
it straight away the vlog now guys thank
you so much for watching today
if you enjoyed the video give it a big
ol thumbs up subscribe down below if you
have an ID do you want anything to say
Nana to understand anything to these
guys don't say goodnight you're so silly
then I bye bye everyone see in the
morning see in the morning guys
goodnight
