oh that's really good
good morning guys good morning how you
doing today you joined me going pumpkin
picking that we are going to pick
pumpkins
out of the field I've never done this
before this is super super exciting
we're back at the place where we picked
it and if you watch the blog when we
went to come pick strawberries and
courgettes and goose breweries and stuff
like that
or today poppy Sean Zoe and I have come
back Incans
look at these we're gonna go pick some
of these yourself today so just ask the
woman who works there whereabouts the
pumpkin field and she's out of the
pumpkins yeah there's not really many
left of those I mean we have to be fair
come on the last day you can possibly
come the pumpkin field closes after
today only get a pumpkin it's only the
first turn my hat around
oh my lenses all dirty as well you can
actually see my face how you guys doing
hope you're having a lovely day it is
beautiful out here today the sky is like
completely blue it's amazing please do
not pick here the crop is not ready or
finished I mean yeah it doesn't really
look doesn't look particularly ready
does it I'm just hoping there's at least
one small cute little pumpkin left that
we can go and get that's all what I want
to do I just want to pick my own pumpkin
was I meant to bring like a knife or
something with me how am I gonna like
price the pumpkin pour the pumpkin off
of the plant we're about to find out oh
I think we've arrived at the pumpkin
field everyone stopped is there any left
can you see them there's a little one
now though it's got a hole in it oh no
he doesn't look very happy does he Oh No
who's been eating him oh this little one
looks cute this little guy looks so cute
oh no someone's pulled the top off oh
and there's a hole in it we came too
late way too late look this one probably
look at all like this just mad surely if
we came any earlier than this they would
just go rotting in our house because
don't they just like droop and get wet
gradually animals are definitely the
salvage them let's just look at that one
that's literally cut in half I'm gonna
find one even if I have to go and buy it
from the shop and pretend that I got it
from here to you guys that's what I'm
gonna do crap
edit that out wait crap I edit my own
videos Alfie edit that out
do you know what you should do guys for
your blog posts you should pop down to
the shop back down there and buy some
and then just put them down are we gonna
keep him yeah we pop him in the back oh
you found any we found one little guy
watching we named him Tony no any
singing with a P Y from compete penelope
pumpkin little girl Penelope Yeah right
let's pop her in a bag you look like a
bloody pumpkin over your head if you
guys are looking at all these pictures
and you thinking are you all found nice
pumpkins now we found one we found one
pumpkin and we're all just taking
pictures with the same one wait you're
pulling it off is it attached guys I
found one as well but it's not so happy
this is wrappings when you find a
pumpkin do we want this yeah are you
gonna eat it I'm not gonna eat it it was
already picked when I got it judge you
want it you don't like the Hajis
apparently I'm going in to order the
broccoli I don't like walking through
this there's going to be like animals in
it that oh my gosh look it's massive
look look at that
that one's flowering jumping on the
tractor to get that
this is cold so the others are off to
find blue pumpkins I didn't even know
that was the thing we just saw a woman
with a blue pumpkin so they're off to go
and find those I've got to edit
tonight's main Channel video and the
daily vlog before my photo shoot this
afternoon which starts in like a couple
of hours so I'm just going to edit my
vlog and my main channel as much as I
possibly can before I've got this super
exciting photo shoot so the shoot starts
in 3 hours and 13 minutes in Brighton
we're currently out in like Worthing or
some maybe pause Worthing I'm not really
too sure it's like half an hour away and
I got to edit these two videos and get
them all ready before my shoot I can't
tell you what it's for I'm gonna show
you sneak peeks it's for future
merchandise coming up soon in the next
couple of months you guys are gonna go
crazy once you see it man oh my gosh
alright I'm so editing my videos look
what these guys have Flemming got you
guys got so much we have like a million
little pumpkins now I mean I don't know
what we're gonna do with them just drop
them around the house for Halloween now
let's go get some food just on the way
to the garden centre to go grab some
lunch this place we've been before in
the videos
it is incredible they do the best pizza
ever like ever ever they've got a pizza
specialist like a chef here who just
cooks the pizzas I'm also Stu editing
the vlogs
don't you re done the daily vlog nearly
nearly nearly and I've started colour
correcting the main channel video as oh
he's just told me that they've got
Christmas stuff in here already have
they got Christmas No
look at this we've just called about
food I got a bit carried away I've got
two meals out of the usual to dinner
days they call me I've gone for a tuna
baguette and also a roast dinner but I
didn't get any of the meat with it
because I've got the tuna burger
so I just got load of vegetables pop
he's gone for a suit
I know I didn't get any gravy so he's
got a pizza I've got another one of the
biggest hot chocolates I do every time I
would probably put on a lot of weight
though Shaun's also waiting for his meat
so it's quite a bit buzzy thing is it
good to see I don't like peas
oh my god and I think I want a third
dinner
nice headphone jumping that's fine so
just finish eating parently I've got one
really no beard hair coming out of my
cheek
and I just missed it while shaving yeah
but it's like so far away from your
beard okay Zoey's gonna try and pull it
out but if you don't get it first time
it's gonna hurt so bags it's a bit oh my
god that even hurts I got it
stuff to get super excited that I did
bring a spare battery with me today I
just put the spare battery in my camera
and it has no charge
so I'm now logging on my iPhone which I
mean it will be good to test what this
iPhone is like for logging because this
is the new iPhone 7 and I've never used
it to film um for a blog before so let
me know what you think in the comments
obviously the audio might be different
it might be a bit more shaky a bit less
shaky I don't know it's the best I can
do my camera's got no charge I'm on the
hunt to find the others I'm guessing
they're in here somewhere
this is the Christmas set there's a
Christmas section and it's October the
1st the Christmas section
so cold I can see them I see them over
there what are you wearing what Zoe God
so it's you guys look at your eye route
come on I want to face off with this
little thing this one we might be in
luck here everybody as long as I don't
break this thing
I think I might have the one there we go
please work come on I've had enough
Christmas face swapping and now looking
at the little plants gonna buy that one
the big old boy Barry he's really cold
he's so big big boy Barry see you guys
in a bit
goodbye you look so cozy this this is
all fairy your one looks like Christmas
like a reindeer and like pumpkin this
little setup Zoey's done laid in America
know that are you excited are you
excited to go are we going to go out we
buy that where are we going we just got
a photo shoot now
now let's getting a little outfit or not
yay hey what you got the holy this
Christmas settle this been going on over
here this is so cool this is like Zoey's
dreams ari loves it we should have a
house like a room in our house that's
just always Christmasy for you just
permanent set up
all right we're going fill out everybody
we got a beard yeah again as well
what do we think guys look at this oh
that's really here that's good I think
she's in a trance was always taking over
mrs. Claus yeah it's hard to know what
to do with the mouth if you've got the
beard on it like makes you pout in this
hotel now we're just leaving and we've
been told that if you push this bookcase
there's a secret room oh wait the lights
are on but this is lovely I just got
home the most like efficient photo shoot
ever
like ever ever so I booked a hotel room
out for the photo shoot and I had a
photo shoot like set designer there and
obviously the photographer Matt there
the set designer she was lovely like she
is so so amazing I will try my best
remember to leave a link down below if
you guys ever want a photo shoot or
anything of like anything that needs
like a set or or like a background or a
backdrop or sundae for a photo shoot she
is absolutely amazing I will try my best
to leave her links down below if I
forget please remind me and I'll add
them so I basically turned up sorry I'm
just about to try and get my main my
daily vlog just gonna like wash those at
the photo shoot which you guys know
whenever videos go live whilst I'm not
there to read the comments and see how
you guys react to it I'm like did it I'm
a bit nervous so I'm a bit nervous so I
turned up to the photo shoot just now
and the backdrop and everything had
already all been set up and stuff
obviously I did have a lot of input
choosing the items choosing my outfit
choosing my glass is what gnarley' was
gonna be wearing absolutely everything
for the shoot but I've just been doing
that over emails picking all the items
gradually with the woman so when I
turned up today I knew kind of what I
knew what it was going to
because I knew each individual item and
everything like the little car and the
presents and the wrapping paper and the
decorations on the tree and everything
but obviously I hadn't seen it all set
up so when I walked in there today I was
like oh my gosh this looks insane it was
so so good so I basically walked him got
changed did loads of like images and
photos and everything and then could
leave and then it was all that done the
shoot was finished I was literally in
there super super quick and out but it
was just like the pre ton and they took
a lot time for that to be able to get to
be able to make everything work out and
it was amazing I'm so excited I'm not
gonna tell you what it's for you guys
can all guess and speculate in the
comments down below and have your
guesses and bet your friends what it's
for but I'll tell you now you're not
going to be able to work it out I'm
telling you it's so so exciting it's
coming fairly soon as well I need to get
on sorting out this new main channel
video with Jo and Marcus that's going up
in 53 minutes I need to bring or text
the boys I believe like jozin like I
think Jo's in that Portsmouth or
something and Marcus is in Paris so
hopefully all three of us are gonna be
able to get our videos off at the same
time we've done like a triple
collaboration I'm so excited for this
once this videos gone up and my daily
vlogs all it's already on and my vlogs
been off for an hour and seven minutes
I'm gonna be so relaxed and so carving
the photoshoot and picking the pumpkins
today man today has been awesome
alright half hour seven and the videos
are finally done both of them up you
guys are showing them so much love and
support so thank you so much I can
finally eat my dinner that has been
downstairs we're hoping Shauna's ami
for like 45 minutes I've gone for the
the good old Loving Hut I've gone for a
burger which is it's like a vegan burger
some sweet potato fries and then I just
throw in a hot dog for poppy and I to
share I kind of haven't blogged you know
what guys I think it's like midnight and
the moment everyone has gone to bed but
the room is an absolute tip just such a
mess and the same with the kitchen so he
was baking all evening and got really
tired didn't have time to tidy it all up
just look all of this I
on top of that the table is a confident
mess so okay it's 10 to 12 I've got the
gym pretty early in the morning but
since I spent a load of the evening
editing and I didn't get to hang out
with everyone I feel quite bad I'm going
to stay down tonight and tidy everything
up and make sure it's all spotless for
tomorrow morning 25 minutes later and
I'm all done and I'm so happy that I did
that look at much tidier only this room
is I might fold it away with the
blankets and everything we were using
completely spotless tidied all of the
table down and then as you go through
here tied it up all of the bins tied it
up all the cameras and everything tied
it up all the table most of the stuff is
probably insurance to go back tomorrow
with them and finally the kitchen is
like spotless look at all of that I mean
I haven't put all of this in the
dishwasher because it's going to be
really loud but I've tied it all up and
I stuck it up into the right places and
stuff ready for tomorrow morning all
right
I'm gonna turn the TV off guys close
with the blinds no you think and go to
bed I hope you've enjoyed the vlog it's
been such a busy packed fun day I cannot
wait for you to see the results for that
photo shoot oh my gosh actually I'm
gonna end the vlog down here quickly
because I don't want to go upstairs and
wake everybody up if you've enjoyed the
vlog please go down below mash it with
some thumbs up smash your some support
your target today we're gonna go big
we're gonna go out there we're just
gonna do it I'm a bit scared 40,000
thumbs up I've never ever ever asked
that many thumbs up on a daily vlog
before but I believe in you guys I
honestly think we can do that normally
we get like 30 to 35,000 40,000 that is
your challenge for today I don't know
how I'm gonna sleep I'm like buzzing
wide awake for some reason but it's like
past midnight and I've got the gym early
tomorrow morning I'm gonna go to sleep
guys thank you so much for the love and
support you give me every single day it
means so much to me I hope you all
enjoyed the new video that went up
yesterday the new main Channel video
with Joe and Marcus if you haven't seen
it already I'm going to leave it down
below go check it out go shoot some love
gonna leave some lovely comments go
check out their videos as well go check
out the woman who helped design with a
set up for the photo shoot today I'll
catch you tomorrow
good night guys what smells amazing yeah
Trey what the hell is out in there hello
there's a lump in there yes plenty
others hello
