good morning guys good morning today you
join me on my sofa in like a a mermaid
kind of thing like this is legit and
I've also got like a really creepy bowl
for my bowl of cereal this morning
serious though this thing that I'm in
isn't just like a blanket it's actually
like attached together and it's properly
like a mermaid's tail I can't really
describe it weird it's a bit weird but
it's quite cool mark bought it for Zoey
I think but it's comfy so thank you very
much mark I'm not feeling very well
today I just feel a little bit you know
when you just feel like you're about to
get properly ill I just feel like tired
and weak and like I've got sore throat
and my acid reflux was playing up last
night during the night just a little bit
of a mess you know I think I just need
Zoey here to come and to come and look
after me and watch some TV and just
relax with me that's what I'm currently
doing but myself this morning just
watching TV
was some cosy lighting on the sofa
eating some Coco Pops in a mermaid
outfit with a creepy-ass Bowl hello how
you doing I'm currently wearing marks
mermaid outfit thing eating Coco Pops on
the sofa Zoey and I are finally back
home look at this little baby look at
her I missed you so much NOLA hey take
it yay babe a bigger boot so I just got
out of the shower I'm all fresh and I'm
feeling so much better
I know I didn't know I did not read a
blog yesterday I did try and block the
day but I literally ended up filming
like 3 or 4 minutes of me on the sofa
just feeling like crap but trying to
trying to be energized trying to film a
vlog for you and it just didn't work out
so I'm sorry that there was no video
yesterday however I am feeling quite a
bit better now which is good and Zoey's
that
niall is back aren't you you are so
sleepy what you need help with what you
trying to sell a tape are you going to
get my hand here we go these are all of
the the new pages of Sony's signed book
thousands and thousands and thousands
this is the only party has left today
and that's it and then you've done all
of them think how many people all of you
guys watching this video how many of you
are going to be happy because this is
going to be signed and there's even some
sort by me and their son side by se√°n
in their poppy in their mark in their
Joe in their even yet even your down
side side yeah good mark the signing a
he helped me oh you didn't sign an a I'm
super happy that these guys are back you
know there's so much more like energy in
the house I just feel like I could get
ill any day we're going to be energized
got to get out the house what our
showers feel fresh make yourself look
good to be able to feel good to have to
feel confident that's the end for today
I'm about to head out now to go for
dinner with one of my friends max I
don't really know what to wear because
it was raining loads this morning but
then got really really sunny I might
throw on this jacket do you like this
jacket Zoe I haven't 102 I'm on this in
ages oh yeah oh very smart although I'm
wearing a cap with it so maybe not very
smart are you sure you don't want to
come for dinner or anything
no I bet you are wearing your pajamas
and I'm about to leave and I'm quite
tightly you want to come for dinner
you've already had your dinner don't
look at me like you haven't I know it's
funny though oh yeah
Zoe bought some crazy have you tried one
yes my mom had these drinks and she was
like oh join a drink these are for
mocking then from Lidl try this one tell
me what you think I like Vera drinks how
you think this tastes like a mint way
they're not the same no they're
different flavors okay wait wait I'm
gonna put these guys in this cupboard
like a tripod yeah why do we look green
not sure maybe my camera setting one
minute oh that's so much better
we were like green before okay so what
flavor is this premium premium Halle
Berry
just tell me what you think that tastes
like is it disgusting
try it trust me don't smell it just go
what smells amazing yeah Trey what the
hose are in there
hello there's a log in there yes full of
aloe the plenty on his hello that's like
a plot isn't it I don't want to eat a
plan
oh my god what does it taste like yeah
you tell me what is it that it tastes
like oh my god isn't it so it's like and
it's what sweet is you're not sure but
oh sure sure but I think so I think it
tastes up share but but it tastes
exactly like one particular thing and I
can't mean there if you know the pink
you know the little pink sherbert Sachi
that you squeeze the top and then you
just pour it that's exactly what it
tastes like the little to peel your
fighting little ones that you get a lot
of fireworks evening yeah okay that's
crazy
I haven't tried this one yet but it with
coconut juice these are just for middle
or Audi I felt like good for you though
she's gonna know why don't know cuz this
tastes like pure sugar Wow superior
taste award that one is crazy
I don't like this one yeah do you like
coconut mm-hmm you might like them mmm
taste at war it's not more than this
console because it needs to go in there
no no they're not temperature-wise it
just tastes like it says like a pina
colada
that's exact you it is I love you dick
Yolanda I'm gonna put these in the
fridge so I really like them anyway I
can't get used to is the lovely Paulo
because you go to swallow it it's crazy
though
says a levira pulp inside but it's crazy
though that it doesn't look preservative
free no added colour colorants it's
crazy you know that it doesn't say
tastes like each other
tastes like with coconut juice yeah but
it doesn't say taste like pina colada
I bet you a lot more people would buy it
if it said it tastes like no I really
like if you're like a Gallardo thanks
for doing advert singing that song right
anyway oh my gosh growing a certain
international station mmm
hat chunky with let me finish wanna
go-o-o I haven't tried it yet I tried
out again know how it's not save it
let's try it now I want to say that when
later when I'm not here tonight when you
get back I'll put it in the fridge in
the freezer
nice the freezer also some company said
I lose the other day peanut butter for
me and it specifically said Alfie for
you to put in the freezer and then they
said a salted caramel one which is Zoe's
favor and it said Zoe food put in the
fridge because I like my chocolate in
the freezer Zoey likes hers in the
fridge anyways my friend Max is gonna
kill me if I don't jump in the car and
leave now because I'm gonna be late to
his so just go into town with man we've
come into a restaurant called Oaxaca you
guys cornered restaurant we dumped all
the time although forget it saturday is
so damn busy and we've actually at one
of these little fancy thing
the fathers when your tables ready but I
don't think we'll get a point too long
there's only two of us
just looking at the drinks at the moment
what you're going to go for I don't know
whether to drink one all I park my car
in town and we're going out as my
celebratory drinks one of my friends
afterwards like an old-school French
there's going to be tons and tons not
his family thing
by the don't drink now at all then I
Drive or I leave my car in town again
tomorrow
I'm telling you don't need my car even
tomorrow and I am coming to town
tomorrow
we are drinking tonight we've gone for a
vanilla something either fuck it that
what it is and a strawberry daiquiri
okay strong just covers about one other
charge and I completely forgot to film
our food we've ordered so much stuff I'm
going to show you now although just one
you looked incredibly disappointed from
this basically old finish this is like
the leftovers of all of our food I don't
know how much I'm going to film tonight
when the tribe films best but my camera
battery is about to an agile I'm
currently editing that video that you've
just been watching my cameraman at a
gorge as soon as I finished filming that
clip in the restaurant so I didn't even
get to film the drinks that I went to
afterwards with load of my friends and
my friends family and like it was just
so strange being back around people that
I was like so close with in school like
one of my friends kit who's in one of my
drum like my drama group and my drama
session and we used to do loads like
plays together in school and he moved to
Australia last year for a year and then
he just got back a couple of weeks ago
so I was like catching up with him and
it was so weird seeing friends after
like five years of seeing like not
seeing them but they're still exactly
the same and that's the amazing thing
with friends that you make when you're
younger is that you still have so much
in common with them you're still you've
got some inside jokes like so many
memories together that you can talk
about that I thought it would could have
possibly been awkward I was a little bit
like not nervous to see everybody
because I don't really get nervous about
that kind of stuff but I just didn't
really know what to expect and as soon
as I turned up and everyone was there
and I was chatting with them everyone
was exactly how they were and hopefully
so was I when we were all friends back
in the day and it was just it was like
no time had passed and we will just
hanging out again it was crazy except
for this time we're hanging out in a pub
rather than obviously when we were
friends in school we weren't old enough
to go to pubs and stuff so we were
hanging out in school and lesson in
class and playing football after zanac
and anyways I'm rambling on I'm sorry
that this blog was kind of short as I
said my cameraman had a charge and I
stupidly forgot to pack battery with me
don't worry today i've got--let I've
even got a spare battery now and film on
this one and I've got a spare back to my
pocket this is the next day my camera
ain't gonna run that charge today so get
ready for two also if you're thinking
why am I sitting in a car by myself you
laughter wait see tomorrow's vlog
tomorrow
or today for me is a very very exciting
day if you enjoyed the video guys and
you're glad that I'm back home with Zoe
and Nala and we're all reunited and my
hanging out then give the video a big ol
thumbs up your challenge this battery is
running out don't want got a spare one
your challenge today is 33,000 thumbs up
33,000 go down below smash the thumbs up
button subscribe if you're not already
and I will catch you tomorrow
also today as you are watching this a
new main channel video is going live
with Joe and Marcus so links down below
go check it out go and enjoy it it is
crazy is stupid it is funny I will see
you tomorrow the brand new daily vlog
good bye guys honest how scary a chill
chill how's that yeah at the school
birthplace here we go we've just arrived
at location number 1
