good morning guys
good morning and welcome back to a new
vlog how you doing
lovely day very enthusiastic very
enthusiastic we can send her tired
I actually am off-camera I'm like
falling asleep stop or go through the
forest
so Marcus is gone because he needs those
those healthy games yeah I know we
actually do still annoying that I can't
tell you guys what we're doing you guys
are allowed to guess but I'm just not
allowed to confirm so you can probably
work out lovely doing well hopefully not
bloody like that that's all I'm saying
that's all I'm saying this camera is
about to run out I tried I've got
another one charging the road and
petitioner so hope you're having a
lovely day Alex who's with us from gleam
is she still asleep
no Thomas Thomas not left
watch me missed out Lauren Kia surely
stars not just bit one there we go mate
what Stalin you're not special enough
for that one you know so alex is she
still asleep she's in asleep let's just
wait but you see there's no chance she's
awake which is not up yet Joe's also too
tired to be up my fliers are also undone
we should gonna go grab some breakfast
so they're technically breakfast has
finished so we're just gonna see what we
can get
they were like 11 minutes late for
breakfast and the woman was just like
now it's all tidied up was being been
taken away
here we go Marcus there's your second
home mate actually saying that I could
have actually had a gym session today on
pizza it's a busy place but also you
have nice and cold outside good fresh
though brilliant fresh fill around the
countryside or something can we go can
we go yeah let's go you guys over here a
super polite we just met Monica who is
lovely chatting about how nice this
country is some good places to go had
this sneaky little bit with Marx's bicep
the food is really fine yeah they face
the thing that we're filming for today
have you seen the t-shirts that we're
wearing have you honestly not trying to
find out where we're going I don't think
this is it man no one is in there
yeah there's no one's in there it's not
open not brought you're going in another
shop that's not the restaurant oh my
gosh it is
for me despair nothing isn't it ha ha
wait let your mom do you guys do
breakfast yeah you denominator amazing
we get to choose whichever seat let's do
it
good breakfast they call yeah
considering the situation oh my gosh it
is time to get going I don't even know
what I need to be honest I really really
want to have to tell you guys what we're
doing
do I need my wash bag it's time to shoot
this secret project we're getting picked
up now downstairs all the others are
done I've just been getting my vlog up
as quick as possible for you I think it
is all good I get scared I get on edge
we're gonna have to leave Mike like my
heart it's really pounding enough to
leave my blog uploading by itself I've
scheduled everything all tweets and
Facebook's and everything and the video
to go live by itself but I'm not gonna
actually be on my laptop to check it's
all gone good so hopefully hopefully
I'll go okay
or jumping in harness how scary a
chilled chilled house paradise cool
fireplace here we go we've just arrived
at location number one it's looking
pretty nice thank you so much it's
bright out here
lucky of what my sunglasses we are
shooting until 3:30 in the morning I got
my chocolate one more quiz where are you
oh that is scary as it is oh my gosh
what we're shooting
I know I keep I'm talking about what
we're doing but not but not telling you
exactly what we're doing
we're shooting something with ITV that
is very very scary now screaming oh I'm
going to eat your kidneys never imagined
just coming down here at night going
down there oh I understand the light on
down here this is bloody Marcos Marcos
it's got the biggest bum I met you
doughnuts you anymore you've lost quite
a lot of your bum is it still big ah
that's good I'm happy stir there the
menage a bit of a change of scenery guys
I want to talk about falling when you
fall you get back up you remember why
you started
I don't physically mean fall over I mean
when you're trying to do something in
life and it doesn't work out it doesn't
go to plan the thing that you pictured
in your head happening so vividly
doesn't work out that
isn't failing that's just part of life
sometimes things don't happen the way in
which we want them to happen that's okay
because we learn from our mistakes we
pick ourselves back up and we keep going
we remember in our heads at all times
why we started why we were pushing why
we were driving so hard and so fast to
achieve our goals not aims and we put
all of that energy and all of that
effort into getting back up and fighting
for what you want to do I don't even
have anything specific that I'm talking
about I'm just talking about everything
about life there are so many things that
I've accomplished that I never dreamt
that I would even a be out like I didn't
even think we're possible whether that
was me not enjoying English lessons in
school and finding English probably the
hardest subject I'm not gonna lie just
because I didn't have a passion for it
so I didn't have the drive to keep him
going and wanting to pass but I had to
get a minimum of a C in GCC to be able
to get into college
so what a butt off and I got those two
seasoned English and English literature
even though even I didn't particularly
enjoy it that's just what I had to do
and we all have situations and things
that we've driven and pushed so hard to
achieve
that we forget about and that are in the
past but don't forget about them use
those successes to drive you further to
create more success in the future
I don't know what I'm feeling like this
this is the first clip since I've been
home I got home a couple of hours ago
and Zoe's not here
Nana's not here I've been thinking about
the filming that opportunity that I just
had over the last couple of days abroad
with Marcus and Joe and how crazy what
we were able to experience and take part
in actually is and I've just been
thinking about how lucky I am how lucky
I am to have all of you guys how lucky I
am to have done everything I've done in
my life at the age of 23 like it is
crazy I'm 23 years old but mainly that
there's nothing different between me
achieving my goals and my dreams and you
achieving your goals and your dreams
like all I'm trying to say guys is don't
give up on your dreams if you want
something in life
blooming go and get it and don't stop
until you get it and you will get
knocked down on the way there
we things that are so hard along the way
that you feel like giving up and you you
just have to all times remember why you
started that is the only reason that
it's gonna keep you going and remember
why you started you wouldn't be trying
to achieve it if deep down you didn't
want to achieve it whatever that's
passing a grade in school whether that's
making a new friend whether that's
writing a book whether that's making
YouTube videos whether that's to be that
lawyer to get that accountant job to do
whatever you want in life to be an
artist you're gonna have to make some
crap are to be able to make good our
I've made my so many crap videos I'm
sure I'm gonna look back on this video
in the future and be like that was a
load of crap
but right now I'm enjoying making it and
it's part of the process its path taking
those steps to get to the end goal but I
don't even I don't even think there is
an end goal because once you're at that
goal you can set yourself a new goal in
you just carry on and on you take baby
steps and you get there I just don't any
of you guys to want something in life
and feel like it's unachievable because
it's not and there's so many people
that'll see every day given up on their
dreams thinking that their dreams can't
be reality one day and it makes me sad
like it genuinely does what's the point
in accepting failure there isn't a point
there isn't there's no such thing as
failure because because to be able to
succeed you have to fail so therefore
fail in is part of succeeding
I remember being back in school and
thinking how are those kids getting such
crazy crazy grades
don't get me wrong I got quite good
grades myself in school but in GCSE I
got two A's six B's and three C's but
you know those kids you just get like 10
a stars or like ten days and to a stars
and then you ask them like bloomin oak
you've got amazing well done and they're
like yeah I didn't really work too much
and they did they work their butt off
and you know what they're saying that
because they don't want to say that they
worked their butt off but
if that's like a bad thing to do if I
could go back to school I would spend
every single second I promise you in
Lesson working my butt off out of lesson
I would be revising every day because
what why not that's the whole point of
school is to come up with good grades so
why would you turn up to school every
day if you're not gonna do absolutely
best to get those good grades and that's
the same with work if you want to get
that raise if you want to get that
managerial goal if you want to get from
one job to the next job then you've got
to show that you're committed that
you're dedicated that you're bloody
amazing you've got to be better than
everybody else because that's just how
it is and you can be because people that
are better at you right really better
you because they're trying to be better
than you so you need to try be better
than them and that's possible
of course that's possible because
because they're doing that they're
currently doing that so why can't you
and that's the same of anything if you
look at an artist and think oh my gosh
how did they get so famous a singer
because they've worked their butt off
and they've made crap songs and they
don't crap are and they've painted crap
art and they've drawn crap and they've
made crap are along the way they've got
them to where they are today and now
they're making amazing stuff pretty deep
Bay I did not expect this to be my first
flip back home I thought I was going to
get back home and just carry on some
normal normal then you blog in I'm sorry
if you didn't want to listen to what I
just said
if you didn't then you probably clicked
off the video by now if you're still
here thank you I'm sorry for my spiel I
just wanted to I just wanted to get that
off my chest
because it bothers me when I see people
online who aren't chasing their dreams
but I know you guys I know what you like
I know how strong you are I know how
courageous you guys are anything is
possible I'm telling you now anything
last night I got two and a half hours
sleep we finished filming I got back to
my hotel at 5:30 a.m. I went to bed and
then I had to get up early to catch my
flight back today obviously I cut
yesterday's vlog early as you can tell
that's why we're going into today
because I wasn't allowed to daily vlog
when we're filming on set
we were we're filming like 15 hours or
something I'm home alone so he's at her
mum's so - nada with her and it's weird
it's really really really weird like
it's quiet like I'm used to Zoe not
being here it's not that I don't miss
Zoe I do miss Larry not being here of
course I do I'm used to always being
around Zoe but it's even more weird not
having Nala here like she would always
be sitting on me or sitting on my feet
or laying next to me or making some
little like cute snoring noises like the
house is silent I feel like I should
like invite a friend over or do
something I feel like I should go out
and go bowling or go rock climbing or go
to the gym or do something but it is
nice to just sit back do nothing and
chill and I think it's important I do
that today just started watching the new
episode of hunted if you're not already
watching this series you need to go and
check it out is insane it's basically
pairs of people have to just run away
from my ex mi5 and like detectives and
their job is to track them down in 30
days and if they don't find them within
30 days they win 100,000 pounds they're
not allowed out of the country and I
don't think that they have like 200
pounds each or something - lost in the
mumps they can't get like a hotel or
anything but obviously all CCTV has
tracked any cars they have a user track
like it is so crazy you need to go check
it out scald hunted I'm gonna go to
sleep now
thank you for watching this mixed-up
disheveled day I hope you've enjoyed it
somehow if you have your challenge today
you smashed yesterday's challenge so
much I asked for that wait did I even
ask for 30 to maybe ask for $26,000 up I
don't know the new vlog is neat you're
like thirty six thousand thumbs up or
something would dickless so your
challenge today let's just match yet no
challenge says 36 thousand thumbs up
guys if you can do it you are incredible
if you can't you're still incredible
subscribe if you haven't already
leave some lovely comments leave some
comments telling me what you're up to
what your dreams are what your ambitions
are in life I'm gonna try and reply to a
load of you tomorrow I'll see you in the
morning
night guys I'll see you soon I'm gonna
miss you Oh
