good morning good morning good morning
guys how you doing
we've got an exciting day today I'm
packing up all my stuff I got my boxers
and jeans now have a couple of pairs of
jeans some jumper a t-shirt thing couple
of t-shirts another pair of jeans a hat
hoodie it's about eight o'clock in the
morning and I'm off to catch a flight I
cannot tell you I'm going because it's
for a secret project coming out in the
near future
I can film it happening and everything
but I'm just not sure
currently what I'm allowed to tell you
what I'm allowed to show you what I'm
allowed to do within these videos but I
have made it clear that if somebody
wants me to work on their project then I
bring you guys along that's just how it
works so daily vlog so whatever projects
I'm working on I have to be able to show
you at least something from my vlog and
they've agreed to that which is great
I'm also going with Marcus and Joe so
I'm super super excited it's going to be
a lot of fun right over there for two
nights I want to say we land back here
on Thursday and it's currently Tuesday
so that would be two nights correct
hey guys I just thought I'd let you know
what I'm doing I've probably got about
25 minutes until I need to get in the
car and go to the airport and as you can
see if I need to just started packing
and I need to get in shower
so so I better hurry my back up babe a
little pumpkin I'll see you soon I'm
going to miss you Oh triple cuddle bye
bye
thank you
thank you so much just arrived at the
app what nobody else is here yeah I
think they're all like 45 minutes away
I've arrived so early but it's better to
be early than late
check this out you've got Zoey here
Casper Joe then you go oh that's the
same one over here you wat feel Zoey me
Joe Miranda Casper Miranda and then over
here
you even got another one with all Zoey
seven posters of Zoey we are literally
taking over all the magazine's let every
like young teenager magazine there is at
least one or two or three youtubers on
there he is
is Marcus Butler the one and only hello
mate
all right just about to board the plane
now this is Luton Airport is the worst
Airport are they've been to in the whole
world literally nothing to do and
everyone knows better than like
sunturion we know they're just like a
room
he says threatened shot okay there was a
frat which made it good Anna wasabi
other than that there was nothing there
this is our plane want a pink aeroplane
today a pink pair of name next remark so
exciting if I am no way I'm sitting next
to him yeah
during this bump into a detailed
reaction video you want to help me with
this one judge order details reacting
with you to Mark's Butler's hair okay
Jonah beam I try not to cry are you
gonna do another Pokemon okay to be
honest you output
Marcus do you like that picture like
Amelia and Jose just taking a picture
Marcus something's come from it
this is routes to probably maybe I had
your swollen up this you really soon a
machine but really not lies bro by me
handsome fella Alfie yeah
Marcus hang on mate CCO she just all
these SC hours you destroying your head
and they're quite big dog off every
quality surface was fastened left or a
decision what a lovely evening
seven o'clock two hours closer in the
backseat of your whispering you know Joe
is speak so on eyes drop my coat
Joe speak so much crap everything that
comes out of his mouth is just stupid
women love leaving you know guys it's
two hours ahead here so it's five just 5
p.m. in the UK but it's 7 p.m. over here
Joanne I through marks being taken away
or anal examination I think he's just
gonna come out of here after it gets his
pot checked here he is how was that did
it feel good finger yep your bum
you put three at oh there's a load of
you guys outside we have no idea how
we're not allowed to say like I said
that it which country were in hey guys
can't go in the room without filming
showing you guys straight I mean strange
choice of beds I have two single beds
white oh my TV's just started okay got a
nice little desk
alright let's have a look at the
bathroom oh this is cool nice little
shower hello I'm gonna head straight
down with the guys I'm Alex Alex is here
from gleam so I look after us and help
us with the shoot and everything if I
haven't told you I'm here but I'm gonna
try and find out now what I can tell you
what I can't we're basically here to
film something crazy exciting this hotel
is lovely this is really cool isn't it
on more crescendo so kudos it
you're this dinner looks incredible this
looks insane
here we go Joe's just got a cheeky
little shot he shot the looks like it
does little bit candidate we know you
know your breasts doing your reps you
get like a little plastic shot last week
our lives
I just finished having dinner I didn't
really feel much because we were with
one of the one of the members of crew
they're helping us film for this I'm not
allowed to say much I just asked the guy
at dinner what I'm allowed to say what
I'm not allowed to say about what we're
doing you guys are probably gonna work
it out
there is a little doggie Nala hey Nona
hey
Oh bloomin heck he does not look happy
wait that dog did not look at you with
me oh my gosh
literally I'm coming to a into a
supermarket to try and get some my
favorite game they've got a grabbing
machine so Joe's just come up with an
idea for the vlog we're going to be
trying Eastern European candy I'm not
allowed to say where exactly because I'm
not allowed to tell you where I am
all good Marcus you left your bag have
you have you any amino energy
is it how savage on Joe sucks and
perform or he's got two singles how
savage is that I've got a king in the
middle
no have you I got you I got Michael
Keenan every going to look nice all
right don't I don't worry about it so I
got it back to the last minute we've
decided to film some main Channel videos
although a kind of making making do with
what we've got we using one of these
comes to film the main channel videos
and then we're going to get all three of
these one from Joe's room Marcus just
lucky has a tripod on him I need to take
this out the wall hopefully it comes off
perfect
we just finished filming three main
channel videos who's Marcus had is
Willie out the whole time the who could
get naked the quickest I mean I was
second Malik hello fully clothed the
family through videos takes out he
doesn't that well tomorrow is gonna be
living take ours tomorrow we are filming
obviously still can't tell you what
we're filming tomorrow for 12 hours a 12
hour video shoot tomorrow so much hope
hope you done I'm just gonna give it
matter
Oh Marcus kisses toe better go on just
do it for the vlog time to go to bed
everybody it's half past 1:00 in the
morning although time is two hours ahead
so there's only like half past 11 UK
time so it's not actually very late but
it doesn't mean that we do have to wake
up two hours earlier than usual
we have got shoot tomorrow for 12 hours
like on video shoot for 12 hours and
that is not even including time to like
get there early prepare for the shoe
hair and makeup and not outfit changes
and tomorrow is going to be a long day a
very good day
I've been waiting for tomorrow for a
good couple of months a good couple of
months
zoe is beyond excited
I think she might even be more excited
from what we film in then what I am I'm
sure after tomorrow I'm going to be so
excited but it's going to be intense
it's going to be intense and you'll see
why I just put my braces in it is time
to go to sleep
Scotty half past two in the morning
which is just ridiculous
my camera's also about to run out charge
so I need to end this quite quickly
hopefully I can get this vlog up on time
again I don't really know I'm just we
don't really know too much we're not
really allowed to know too much because
that's that's what the show is about not
knowing too much of what is going on we
did manage to from three main channel
videos tonight one for me one for
Germont for marcus for this Sunday so
get excited for those I'm going to end
this blog now thank you so much for
tchen if you're excited for the secret
project let me know by giving the video
a big thumbs up your challenge is to hit
30 mm um ZUP go down below smash the bun
subscribe if you're not already and I
will hopefully catch you tomorrow
morning super bright and early it's Cory
office - its office - I'll catch you in
our 8 hours 7 and 1/2 hours good night
guys
I didn't realize what was going on it's
time to say goodbye to the tree house
