good morning guys good morning oh then
you drop my sushi that kinda gives that
way that is not the morning it's
actually lunchtime soy sauce two
portions of sushi and let's take you
back to this morning because it's been a
long day so far I've gone up at 6:30 had
a coffee had a banana and at 7:30 my
personal trainer came over today was the
first day working out with my personal
trainer in like over a year literally
over a year and I've committed to Monday
Tuesday Wednesday Fridays four days a
week I'm gonna be training with my
personal trainer
and it's gonna be savaged today was like
today it was bad it just it just was
like I knew that it was gonna be painful
I knew that it was gonna eight I know
that tomorrow I'm gonna take an
incredible amount but already today my
legs first day back with dinner late day
and I'm like struggling to walk down the
stairs already if you follow me on
Twitter you will see that last night I
tweeted saying let me just find it dude
hope you were caught in the first
episode of the podcast on Wednesday that
is true that is happening in here open
it up
should be if I'm right the last bits of
equipment that I need to make this
podcast happen don't get rid of all of
that we've got the zoom h6 super excited
about using that so we can have up to
six microphones recording at once and
then we've got four pairs of headphones
because at the moment we've got four
microphones and we're going to be having
three guests on a podcast two three four
here we go some headphone extensions so
that everyone can sit further away and
also some multi headphone kind of pick
to things as well and some batteries for
the h6 this little baby here is what
it's gonna record the podcast for us
this is gonna this is gonna do the magic
and obviously I've got all the mics
separately down says you guys have seen
those already we've got the little mic
stands looking like this and I mean not
that you'll see this this is going to be
a podcast this is just audio but it's
coming and then we've got these mike
rizzo over here the shure sm7b
microphones awesome
anyways i'm gonna crap on eat my sushi i
let me try these head friends on see
whoever they I mean again it doesn't
matter if they don't look good it's
gonna be weird recording something
without video because I'm so used to
everything I do
being filming it's going to be cool just
like chatting and having like it doesn't
matter whether my hair is done or not it
doesn't I mean not like I care anyway I
don't look at me alright let's give
these headphones err well let's try them
oh yeah that's what Oh sick okay they
actually look quite good as well I'm
happy with those I'm gonna crack one eat
my sushi hope you guys are having a
lovely day if you're part of the LBW
Club let me know down below give the
video thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already turn on my notifications today's
an exciting day because actually
something got delivered this morning I'm
not going to show it today's blog
because the weather isn't the best
however I will give you a little hint
now so it's literally our didn't know
what time is arriving that's lovely
and sorry it's a bit dirty it's not mine
let's just say I've been limped it for
six weeks so we're gonna have some fun
we're getting to get up to some cool
stuff if you know what I mean I'm also
off to an eight cheering gig tonight but
last time I saw him it was in front of
like 20,000 people he normally performs
in front of like 88,000 people can I
even see in him that super intimate gig
2,000 people tiny venue tonight I was
messaging him last night and we might be
grabbing a on a drink beforehand as well
which could be cool and in the blog it's
never been in a broth before actually no
he has been in road before business on
stage
leaving the office heading back home
switching up my bags and then I've got
to head to London I've got a couple of
meetings back to back in London before
before the gig tonight I really need to
get going my train leaves like now I
work my legs out so hard this morning
I'm literally hobbling
right meter number one just about to go
in and see my employer and also head of
Finance and Accounting these meet sound
boring his head genuine trillion
tentative to our meeting just finished
that's perfect thank you thank you very
much thank you've got the double chicken
salad sweet potato fries and then the
Naughty Bear the gin and tonic and the
corona thanks so much
Steve's complaining he feels bloated
know if those good food that I'm
complaining was my legs I'm literally
Steve's why you looking like that
I went from run this morning obviously
not very long vacant Road I've just got
all right expert okay it's when I put a
nap work then I'm like done yeah I
haven't been any ABS yeah and no others
yeah that's my weakest point all right
we're just heading in now I'm a little
bit confused because we're at the o2 but
it's not performing at the OGS
performing though to indigo which is I
can might just smaller venue I got
hooked up with the tickets so vehicle
after - we just need fine where we're
going it's a moment I have no idea
this venue is tiny it's just gonna be
chilling out there in a minute
boy this is small
Oh
it
what you say unreal
he is just a savages they just the
distally
Jinora is right it's like what you said
earlier
if we can see like they've got like the
most insane dance in this big set it's
not to incite them but you're seeing
more than just them perform you're
seeing like a whole production you'll
see like a shot you're seeing like which
is causes savage but egg can do bringing
out with just himself yeah and he can
keep I know normally obviously today was
small but normally like ninety thousand
people entertained busking like straight
up mistress bus in on stage unbelievable
madness we're gonna try and get an uber
back home now actually I think there's
only two thousand people normally here
is twenty two thousand people at the o2
so I don't think it would actually be
too bad getting home I saw in anyone to
you new here that a Ravensbourne uni
yeah I applied to do digital film
production and I got an unconditional
offer your boy got an unconditional
offer which means that I didn't even
need any results for my a-levels and
they accepted me just for my interview
and showing them our YouTube videos and
then I deferred it because YouTube was
going good and I was like tour in
America and stuff like that with you
guys coming to meet me
and then they were like hate you want to
come this year and I was like now
YouTube's cool man I'll just do this and
then I just cancel the offer nicely
politely that's like a nice you know I
know a lot of good people that went here
did amazing courses including zurka Josh
went yeah Josh went there I would love
to go and do a day if anyone's watch any
works or even spawn you know I'd love to
come along and do like a day of the
course and what I was gonna do that
would be cool Steve's long and me out so
hard I can't walk for my bluey legs man
shut - Lee we both ordered ubers
you basically can't order it - outside
the o2 you have to order it - like a
10-minute walk away and Steve's taking
us the wrong way about eight times I'm
hoping it's just around this corner bro
it's not I can see it's not isn't it
Matt in London it's never dark
yeah because the light pollution yeah oh
my gosh that's true then literally the
sky oh my god looking at my vlog isn't
that mad
isn't that hectic no that's so bad I
don't like that you don't I don't I
don't I don't I like see I live is like
pure stars see you on Wednesday
I am absolutely naked and also more
importantly than anything I've got to
get myself some sleep because I've got
to be up in exactly six hours if not
even earlier because as you know as I
told you earlier on this morning I've
now committed to working out with my
personal trainer Monday Tuesday
Wednesday and Friday every single week
I've got to be up training at 7:30
tomorrow which means been up at 6:30 in
getting a coffee and some food or banana
or something that's about it for today
everybody if you've enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up subscribe if you're not
already it's just it's just a little way
for you to say thank you I appreciate
you making your videos every day for
free feel like if I carry on speak and
I'm just gonna waffle a load of rubbish
because I'm like a bad fall asleep I'll
see you in the moon tomorrow we can go
out in the car I'm super excited an Audi
r8 v10 is sitting on my driveway
literally just there knows my taxi
driver just dropped me home drove in the
gate he was up you have an Audi r8 and I
was like yeah but I haven't driven it
yet like I haven't even had a John so
that's gonna be super exciting I just
want to like take my mom out or take my
I like some of my family or friends out
in the car and see how they react also
I've never driven it so I'm gonna be out
like crazy so I want to put a camera in
the front it's gonna be loud it's gonna
be sick and I'll see you tomorrow guys
