good morning guys good morning how you
doing if you saw yesterday's blog you'll
know that Zoe and I currently in London
to do a bit of Christmas shopping today
we stayed over last night in a hotel
we've just had the most insane looking
breakfast delivered to our room we've
got we've got yogurt fruit salad
scrambled eggs and salmon two portions
of toast orange juice grapefruit juice
and yogurt smoothie tomatoes little
soldiers for the eggs
tons of pastries and jams and and of
course a latte as well yeah
this hotel is sick we've also been
watching this morning what's this
present called as I read the syndicate
the syndicate I haven't watched season
one or season two but we're now watching
season three but it doesn't matter
because they're all like completely
different stories they're not joint it's
kind of like black mirror in the respect
that you can watch any season you don't
have to watch previous seasons for it to
make sense it's are completely different
so we're watching season three of The
Syndicate and it's really good so far I
want to show you guys the view from my
hotel room it's sick that we're like six
floors up look how nice the weather
looks now that is a weather check and a
half this lot it is so cool oh my god
you ready let's roll pretty late start
to the day because we've both been
editing all those Oh II woke up actually
wait let me show you something really
good before the vlog properly starts
I've got this like red rash coming on my
face here check that don't know what it
is
so if I hold the camera this time my
face looks normal fold the cover in this
hand there was some really weird red
Rashi Khanna thing so ignore this in the
vlog today it's been happening a couple
of times recently but today's Britain
particularly bad so I just wanted to
give you a heads up for everyone
comments up oh I've got some weird stuff
on his face yeah I don't know what it is
either
it's weird anyways we are leaving the
hotel don't drop your camera be careful
is so high oh don't don't drop your
cloth on someone's head down there see
you down there have fun walking down the
stairs quick three two oh so he's trying
to take a picture thank you
this looks so crazy I don't know how
they get all the greenery unbelievable
just so extravagant
this is my advent calendar isn't it
that's literally my truck my calendar
let's go it's gonna let 10 trillion
pounds gone sorry try it on you know I'm
trying to get us all ready to try on the
diamond ring just for a thumbnail I
think that one bit convert it onto a
ring that'll be nice look how keen Zoe
as though he's trying to diamond ring
shop for herself I don't know which one
of these I would like
the smallest you - you are not helping
out and the smallest one you've got
so we actually took monkeys with me we
popped all our own diamonds so you've
got the Tiffany promise that you are
going to start so many rumors that
bloody massive on you you got such small
hairdos that which is a good thing yeah
actually it's a good point three three
carat this piece is thirty one thousand
nine hundred
beeeautiful but this is what the public
expects you to be wearing yeah
eventually if it does happen this is
what I'd like to see you Thank You Jess
how much did you love that just wanted
to give you an update so far we have
zero presents for anybody
Chunhua Spanish no business is actually
really really good looking around just
haven't managed to find anything that's
quite right yeah although I've got hope
for down here there's a section down
here that we specifically wanted to go
to we just spent like two hours in
Selfridges we got three people that work
with me as Christmas presents we've got
a Christmas present for my dad
we I've decided a Christmas present for
Shawn that were literally jumping in the
car now to go and get from a separate
place so we're doing good the only
person what you've already got
got how like a main thing you know I
mean yeah I think I think we've pretty
life fill I don't feel like it's too
close to Christmas and I'm worried I
feel like we're on top of everything I'm
confident I feel good the only thing
that I don't feel good about is how many
amazing clothes and shoes and stuff I
just saw in there that I didn't buy for
myself because I'm like no not allowed
to run anytime shopping at myself today
but there yeah guys the clothes in there
and stuff that were just walking by and
I'm like no don't look and the gadgets
we went in the gadget section we've all
like the drones and boosted boards and
cameras and TVs and stuff and I'm like
Alfie no no
so I feel happy I'm happy with myself
that I didn't end up shopping for myself
which is usually what happens when it
comes to Christmas shopping but in there
buying things for myself successfully
got another present we've now just come
in to really cute little place called
kingly Court so festive we've come into
a place with crumbs and doilies there's
like the best places for cakes we're
gonna get one of these for us for a home
and then one of these to take to Tonya
Jim's party tonight and of course I need
a cheeky little Cobra coffee for now
mince pies has to be yeah to mince pie
maybe to Nutella amazing this is the
Christmas shop Carnaby Street oh my gosh
any money's always getting an Instagram
are you getting an Instagram
we're back in the call left heading back
to our hotel room super successful day
shopping the only thing that wasn't
successful that I remembered about half
an hour ago was the only clothes I
bought for today in this trip is what
I'm wearing now and Tanya and you have
got a Christmas party tonight at their
house they would go into which I have no
clothes for purposely because I thought
oh Worcester in London I'll buy myself a
nice new t-shirt a shirt to wear and
kind of forgot I was so adamant I'm not
shopping for myself that I forgot to buy
myself whatever I was going to wear or
some was in there feeding on them unless
they just left there who for that that I
am forgot to we've got the syndicate up
to carry on watching it we got another
Bolognese the same as last night's
dinner
another smart Oh Pastore kind of thing
stamens same as last night's dinner for
Zoey
mash and it was so good yesterday that I
even had to go for one and I never
normally eat mash and I still haven't
even finished my little coffee I love
this that is a goal one day to own a
cold brew coffee brand imagine how cool
that would be anyone watching this wants
to start up a cold brew company with me
let me know I'm here for you I'm ready
literally just about to leave the hotel
now there lies that I haven't finished
with my cobras coffee then if I should
drink coffee by 7 p.m. but no looks like
I'm drinking like an alcoholic drink
like old school yeah when I was drinking
it earlier on in the street you know my
hand on this side and the branding not
standing that was like people are gonna
walk past me but let me know he's a
sweetie now and then also we've got
given these my dinner which we had
yesterday and they were insane so I
can't possibly leave it even though
going they just smashed up oh my god
that's so good
we've got loads of cakes from eating
cake yeah pantry but to buy hotel room
just consumed that realistically we
probably won't when do we ever in a
hotel in London and if I do I never seen
a hotel this fancy in London
now Jimmy how to propose you
we're about to leave any second now but
the girls have one up to go and leave
Sean and I are the only ones here there
with a fool is they give just smashing
it I can't be in the changes
Neverland is the beach version so that's
just got home guys that was a long drive
we just got papi and Shawn back as Earth
so and I switch drivin she was getting
tired
we don't ever like to drive home tired
so we switched over I had been so fluffy
like her each day the amount of comments
that I got tonight saying he died you
have you have a car but I think it's
because I could product in it when it
was wet this morning I mean also I did
get a cup of Monday need to brush my
teeth
need to wash my face also downstairs
I've just seen that whilst we've been
away in London one of those other brand
I've have a park on me speak Abin
presence has arrived and is a good one
but tomorrow say get excited to see that
and I'll see in the morning give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it
subscribe if you already linked down
below to my Christmas match there's
literally only a couple of days left if
you actually order it to get it in time
for Christmas which is what you want to
do is get it in time for Christmas if
you do want some customs manage if you
know some of the will link down below go
grab it whilst it's there because I
don't need to get it in there not right
in time I catch in the morning
