good morning guys good morning
I'm already jest started editing the
vlog already and has time to get outside
oh look at this weather oh my gosh what
a weather check a imagine this just been
the view out your bed just waking up
every morning and seeing this how you
guys doing I hope you're doing well feel
like you haven't properly spoken to you
in a couple of days let me know what
you're up to in the comments let me know
how you're feeling comment down below
from a scale of one to ten how you're
feeling I'm interested I want to know I
want to know what you guys are up to
trying to find some socks to put on I've
been to the gym seven times in the last
six days so I'm not going to be going to
the gym this morning I need to like
relax let my body get let my body get
back to normal aching morning photo
shoot going on the mums even taking
pictures of us taking pictures as you
can see we finish up and breakfast then
I got in the hot tub of everybody
literally all of us got in one hot tub
I'm surprised it didn't like fall
through the floor with six of us in one
hot tub then jumped in the shower got
dressed and everything and ready for the
day we're packing up because we're
leaving today we're going back home are
you gonna miss it here yeah as a waif
showed up late oh wow I didn't realize
what was going on it's time to say
goodbye to the treehouse I'm going to
miss it so much we've had so many good
memories here
goodbye hot tub thank you for looking
after my iPhone in yesterday's video
goodbye bedroom
I miss you thank you for the comfy
nights goodbye bathroom
goodbye balcony goodbye mom and dad's
hot tub
mom and dad's room right if we
definitely got everything
I've got everything of mine has everyone
got everything we've triple double check
for missing poppy sunglasses yeah you
got them in here which what are you guys
doing this one did you win
what kind of playing card game oh that's
a good and I've come for some soup
sandwich sandwich sandwich
look at Zoe's symmetry way finished up
our lunch and we're now off to go and
play this game that I bought like a
couple of weeks ago good spikeball it
looks so good I don't know how well our
family gonna go to play it but we'll see
there was no I game that's such a
good game we worked out how to play it
laughter catch it I love that game if I
was brave like Joe and marks and Caspar
and stuff that game would have been sick
for Poppins oh he didn't like it see you
later
oh wow we left the cakes on the bonnet
and my sunglasses on the roof there we
go
nature kicks and my sunglasses see you
later just got home
oh my gosh my spine is like bent so
excited to see Nala you ready
Dougie dougie dougie oh my gosh there's
not a water over hey hey hey hey hello
hello one of them just kicked it over
hey hey hey have you guys missed us
we've been home alone for three days
they haven't really I'm joking guys
we've had somebody staying here and look
it up from three days all right I'm
gonna get some kitchen mold like clear
it all up
fuzzy boy are you crying for your mommy
Oh
we told buzz that mums going to get back
in a minute and he's been so excited to
see how that every time you say it is
that her she here come on alright let's
see his reaction
mum he's just been crying PA who's that
he's been crying for you non-stop
all the foods arrived dad I got your
present close your eyes
hands out it's not alright a tea stained
egg Oh a tea stained egg that's when the
extras in Wagamama teeth stains in there
we go put your tea stained egg is it
good okay this all looks incredible and
X Factor is just about a star chair
challenge you will go through cuz Sean
still it goodbye buzzy boy bye mate Oh
follow mum as usual when we got pugs
everybody warned me that they're
literally like shadows like they just
follow you around and that cannot be a
better way than then being a shadow they
choose their one owner fuzzy boy come
here you won't do what you I'm telling
everyone that they're literally like
shadows aren't they oh yeah I know one
I woke tucked up in bed guys I am
absolutely knackered
like I don't I don't know why I'm so
tired it was like 8 o'clock earlier and
I was nearly falling asleep at 8 o'clock
you guys know I normally go to bed at
like 2:00 in the morning I think maybe
go to this tree house all songs text me
I think maybe going to this treehouse
has been a good thing because maybe it's
like a reset my routine and now I'm
gonna start waking up early and going to
bed early anyways I've got the gym at 9
a.m. tomorrow so I'm going to head to
sleep currently half past 10 guys it's
so early if you've enjoyed the vlog give
it a big ol thumbs up to let me know go
down below smash the thumbs up and
yesterday's vlog has got so much love so
thank you for reading the comments all
of tonight replying to a load of you
guys and you've all been so lovely so
thank you so much as always for being so
nice I'll catch you tomorrow guys
subscribe if you haven't already good
night
do what
oh my god the bottom
