good morning guys
oh my gosh oh my gosh
we're unit speed mom's ready for the gym
she's just working here we go in I am
coming 20 minutes
look at this view to wake up to in the
middle of the woods
you can't beat it here all right let's
get up let's get going to the gym good
morning you're shining see you editing
early edit man huh early get it done in
the morning
get that work out we're the only ones
gonna go
stop it okay now you've been silly papi
why are you moving your face I don't
even eat a major ring so like I said in
yesterday's vlog the breakfast every
morning and whenever you order room
service gets delivered for through a
hatch so this is our our breakfast right
you carry it it's gonna be heavy outside
let's go next to yo a little bit of time
has passed
got my morning juice a fiery apple
cayenne pepper and apple is it KN or
cayenne pepper cayenne cayenne pepper
and apple and we're about to head off
for a morning walk down to the beach
there's like a 20-minute half an hour
walk through the woods down to the beach
I don't if you remember the vlog last
time we went it got crazy views because
Zoe fell over in the sea like properly
fell into the sea you are you've got
your wellies on so you can play it this
time we've come into some allotment
gardens kind of thing mum is very
excited because mum does all her
gardening sessions and courses Wow guys
look at these three different kinds of
kale mum wants to know why the sweet
peas are going now mum walking around
here is like when I get a new camera
literally this is so easy to please her
just show her some blooming like
vegetables because she's not stroking
that plant over there
15 minutes later mum is still
commentating on every plant we
she's that were walking past she's now
trying to find out if the the green in
there is lilies do you know what it is
mum Matt you being serious it's the
stuff that we used I look at the little
dark can you see the little dark it's
the stuff that we used to put my
goldfish we just have to buy that stuff
we could have come here and just grab
some the Ducks here even have little
houses in the middle this cute little
bridge and this is where we're going
Beach walk this is to draw your feet off
mum this the golf hole it's the first
tee yeah it is number one 109 yards well
if you're crap at golf then yeah your
balls might go in there but the aim is
to get it up there by that flag that's
nice no mum this is gold
can you help mum she's a bit confused
what is this piece of floor for the
stick is the tea where you start off
working your golf ball but mum says it
can't be up there because what if you
hit it in here well then your crap and
gold exactly so mom and dad have come up
with a game I do feel like we're about
five years old so I've gone little dog
poo bag in case we need a poo oh that's
my name Sean see then
I know first foul of the country code
take your crew home with you okay wait
we're not picking up two wings defined
on your more guess the Pooh Oh each have
a little list of things I begin I prefer
one leaf of three spots v-shaped twig
colored litter live insect we have two
alive insect in there I'll take a
picture on our phone Bach masa flour a
conquer five different leaves when you
say yeah everyone watching this video
it's going to be like guys you're all
like 20 years old we can still play fun
games what we found already not a type
of me five differently Oh what one hope
he's got a stinging nettle
but that's literally the most obvious
spiky one I've ever seen deep dark in
the woods now I don't even know if
that's the same but I've started
collecting my stuff I got some colored
litter and four different kind of leave
sir Oh all spiky leave spikey leaf I've
got one of these while and try and take
it Val I try to hit one off the floor so
doctor killer there we go
my fifth kind of leave I need to get
some bark with moss on it yes look at
that what we got that's no ha ha I was a
good a very good my v-shaped guy's gonna
snap it oh here we go and got my one No
so no mercy I don't trust you what do
you mean how'd you turn it to see you're
collecting it took me to find that
v-shape
wish everyone else yeah getting hold of
mine I want to get poppies that's my
challenge just to break poppies v-shaped
twig everyone else has gone way ahead of
us we've been taking some instagrams
taking some snapchats
the lighting in here is incredible
why was this cheating where is this
cheating going don't these kind of look
like dinosaur eggs they're like proper
circular I reckon an alien might hatch
out concern let's pretend to push as
Olien
there I actually can't go in I haven't
got wellies on everyone else's when
wellies we've found any fossils yeah I'm
still looking could be one in here could
be it no nothing could be a trance or
action they're very small one it is in
there my aim is to find a fossil within
all of these there's not actually rocks
but it's like super crumbly you can find
fossils in here sometimes if you look
well enough I didn't manage to find any
fossils at the beach it's too hard you
need a specialist equipment like tiny
little hammers little scalpels and stuff
don't have any of that so we're just
heading back now lovely walk it's like
the perfect length walk down to the
beach it's just so calming here Sean
snapchatting look at this Concord tree
do you know on this big one here sorry
yeah whoa look at the size of that one
dad open that one up boom in it yeah mom
look at that one
just breaking where that bitch is here
just squeeze it squeeze little token oh
oh how you gorgeous army very scared so
excited and we're back home that was a
lovely walk was now lunch has arrived
we've gone for another egg and cress
sandwich okay cheese toastie the club
sandwich looks incredible they even gave
us some free chips mum's going to go and
get a pedicure and it's like 25 minute
pedicure so dad's going to wait up there
and he's grabbing and drinking his lunch
up whilst mum gets that done
we'll just hanging out go check out one
of our instagrams because I can't Lee
just editing pictures and stuff like
that and putting up loads of images so
if you liked it go check out all of our
stuff my new vlog is nearly up 38
minutes - that's life I'm so excited for
you to see this blog I know you're going
to love it so if you haven't seen
yesterday's video go check it out
just making up a hot chocolate getting
that milk in there mix that guy up
mixing it up add a few cheeky little
goes
hot tub time just checking oven got my
phone or anything on me Oh 38.5 that is
hot it's hot my son Iceland yeah that is
hot I'll be this is silly
this is not silly he doing it how do I
do it guys I've just been told on
Twitter and by lots of you that this
bone is waterproof this is the iPhone 7
lots of people also said that it's
water-resistant and don't put it in the
water I feel like we need to test it
though just because if any of you wander
it's educational if anybody watching
happens to drop their phone in the bath
I would like to be able to tell you ever
it's going to last or not are you ready
talk about how oh you're gonna be for
the next 24 hours without phone can you
ring someone and see if it works
underwater well we don't know if it can
go underwater yet obviously I'm just
scared of this bit I don't understand
how that can go underwater and then plug
into a charger put the bubbles on profet
that's what I'm saying
where the bubbles let's turn the bubbles
on everyone and Richard no I died
everywhere to attend you dropped one on
to one meter to eat for 30 minutes okay
no each one a drop in capture goody
oh right now 3 2 2 over par scared
- what oh my god the bottom I think you
so good
is there word ring coffee it still works
yay that is so good then I guess nothing
let me ring someone Mahmoud we got your
phone on your mom no it does it with the
key ah actually my camera mom I'm gonna
bring you so good I am so hot
I had to get out because I'm like
sweating like mad this is just insane
dinner's just arrived the finesse the
lobster fish pies oh my god hang on Zoe
no she's not there
Oh
it's time to go to bed I am NOT goodness
only about 10 o'clock I'm so tired
today has been awesome today's been so
good at such a fun day the family need
to put my braces in I'm all tucked up in
bed I need to be really quiet service
today
you
