good morning guys good morning now I do
not want these videos to start turning
into car vlogs and that is kind of the
way we're heading because I'm starting
every vlog in the moment in the car
Justin hello it's already 11 o'clock in
the morning I have a breakfast I have at
lunch I've already been to a meeting and
I've just come out of the dentist so a
super super productive day however I
haven't been to the gym yet I've got the
gym at 4:30 today because I couldn't do
it this morning due to meetings good bye
see you later
good bye I'll see you soon we got two
doggies here today how you guys doing
you good you good me I haven't told you
guys what we're doing today
all I'm gonna say is dad is scared of
hot you're gonna be so scared dad is
scared of heights and we're about to do
something that's very high up in the sky
it's not skydiving it could be worse we
could be skydiving or bungee jumping but
we're not doing either of those birth
but you've never done this before either
Sean have you excited we need to jump in
this taxi and then we're heading there
guys
that'd be done a little boo I can smell
it you scared bro all right no I'm just
messing with your dad get Shaun scared
and dad scared this is going to be
awesome
perfect this is the one so basically if
you don't already know what is going on
if you haven't gathered from tweets from
Instagram from snapchats
our family are going away for the
weekend just an amazing like it's the
treehouse space we've been a couple of
times you basically got a treehouse in
this hotel is crazy and I thought the
best way to get there would be a
helicopter so I've booked a helicopter
to take us the girls are driving because
we're not getting a helicopter back and
those guys didn't want to come in on the
helicopter but me Dad and Sean are going
on a helicopter get the Train no you
can't get the Train
listen Nick's gonna get up dad you're
saying you yeah you're goin in that guy
sleeping in a bag open top yeah look all
of these little planes these are so
small in real light
they're so tiny in real life that's
crazy
so two seizures uh yeah
in this run yeah amazing this is our guy
our pilots just casually pulling the
helicopter if he's strong enough to do
that I trust him he's a boss to trust
him like the whole he's sick isn't it
look at them just went for a quick we
before we fly don't want to wet myself
whilst we're in the air lift the tab to
our dude in the back it's like a car so
three-point harness but it's still got
that as I said guys this isn't just a
normal helicopter ride this is how we're
getting to the hotel that we're going to
for the next couple of days like I legit
just booked a helicopter to take us to
the hotel this is crazy
what is life oh that's so scared
that was awesome
how is that very good they get that good
then I'm we've arrived before the gals
or the girls drove and we've beaten them
to it yeah fully out the helicopter how
was that man that was honestly one of
the best things I've ever done
it's just an insane it's like it's I've
done a couple of helicopter chips before
one two like this guy's house for a
meeting and one in New York but this
helicopter
it's so like visible that there's so
much glass you can just get the best use
out of it ever and also do you give a
hug I want to give it a hug wow that
mate thanks to the trip the views I look
at the weather
oh my gosh can we talk about that the
weather in the UK held out for us gave
us the best views ever for the
helicopter I'm jealous of John Gaines
just fly it back now it's really it gets
just like that it's so cool that's the
goals is now it's give it
the girls were meant to be leaving
before us so that they could see us land
however however they're all stuck in
traffic suite just arrived quite a bit
early in them so I think we're going to
grab some lunch all right what 3G teas
yeah
cheers dad laughs agreement you dad says
it's too posh here to shout much deposit
if I had oh thank you
thank you so much for me don't you think
that looks amazing
how is your drive
mom how is your drive it's perfect I'm
somewhere see you later
everyone's arrived the others all jumped
into the golf cart to get taken up to
the tree houses mums parked in the non
treehouse car park so we're going to
jump in her car drive over to the tree
houses and join the others
there's the others they're guiding us
hope in Zoe in the back yeah squeezed
everything in thank you how excited are
you guys mum's in the front that's all
going to have left are you already eaten
whilst we're getting shown around the
woman hasn't even left yet and you're
already eaten no they are big old grapes
yeah they look quite healthy oh my gosh
that's juices look at base now when
we've stated before we've never had the
fanciest room the mum and dad I've got
like a glass walkway going through into
their room they got the fanciest really
nice they've got another balcony
what you seen your articles you seen one
yes where is he Suzy not a nice time
teaching about judo so
we're going through around into our room
now so like copy and show oh my gosh
it's per couple
that is focal Laser thirst aide I love
that that's so cute
and then you guys have seen this one
before we've stayed here then with this
one's got the cheeky little upstairs as
well for puppy and Shawn I've just tried
this one which is immunity and it's got
like km have a tangerine something
extract something something all right
just try set what okay
doesn't it knock your head off smells I
got an old set so much so we go and try
this what is that yeah it's got cayenne
pepper right now cayenne pepper hey sir
so it's hanging it's got loads of
extracts and try this just going for a
big swig don't do a tiny sip big swing
what do you like that I was like it is
so hot so hot right now then I'm going
to get changed
I'm having to take this jumper off and
wearing it as a t-shirt today but it's
actually a jumper so it's super thick
and I've just taken my jeans off I need
two person shorts on I'm like sweating
out how amazing is it so it that it's
September and it's sunny it's just crazy
what did you do it's so hard cuz we're
in the lot but obviously when the
windows are there's no snow it dips in
yeah I didn't even look in this one but
no what are you two doing drinking
champagne out here
no Papi's found all the way you again
there I promise you I haven't locked you
in turn it around my wife haven't locked
out okay let me try and get a key I've
got my tweezers to try and help you get
out no turn it the other way can we try
and get the door we go okay see that
going past like that what's really scary
I was like oh my god I'm actually look
to anything we're heading off to the spa
now as you know I've got the new iPhone
7 which i think is like waterproof or
water-resistant or something so I might
leave this camera here and try and film
on my iPhone that just insert the
footage but I don't actually know
whether it's resistant or proof and I
don't want to break it so I'm going to
tweet asking you guys in a second for
some help and for some advice we've all
had lunch and have drinks and now we're
heading off to the spa just to go relax
we're not getting any treatments or
anything we're just all just going to go
swimming all my friends are here
very good slow why that's it good okay
that a mosquito mumbling okay mother
trucker
we're heading off to the spa to go swim
in literally when there's a group of six
of us like this anything takes like 20
minutes just to make sure that everyone
has the swimming stuff we haven't even
got changed and put it on now we're
gonna change when we get there
but just for everyone to put on all
their swimming stuff but for everyone to
grab all this room and stuff takes so
long so a sauna that's what I'm talking
about
sauna I'm gonna have to be careful about
how much I feel that was awesome
this poor here's a hydro pool so every
single section has a little button you
can press and it like tons of jets power
and power at each like massage you while
you're in the water
someone's driving this drunk
what you guys moaning oh we're not you
someone in the familiar it was calm we
were just enjoying ourselves we were
doing the ear buds we were do it on the
head there I went in the sauna and I
went in the steam room I'm not gonna do
that I did all about I just put on some
moisturizers if I look a little bit
sweaty I'm not sweaty this is just
moisturizer and it's dry and gradually
if you haven't seen this place before
where we're staying I just want to give
you a little tour because I haven't been
here in a while
and there might be some new guys of you
there may be some new ones of you
watching so let me show you around over
here we've got like the little kitchen
area and they fill up all of these every
morning
you've got like it's not caramel that's
a hot chocolate so you melt that with
the milk in here over here you've got
the wood burner which I'm not sure we'll
need because it's so hot today with the
TV and a little like iPad kind of thing
where you order all your food off table
sofa outside you've got a balcony hot
tub through here into the bedroom you've
got all the cupboards for that storage
and everything all your clothes our bed
which also goes out into the same
balcony with the same hot tub TV as well
hello hello then you got through into
the bathroom which is gigantic you've
got a massive shower I can't even
explain how big this shower it's like
you can fit four Leefolt by people in
here and then coming back out you got
two sinks toilet our little cheeky
little bday thing where you washed your
bum I've never used one of them maybe
I'll try for the first time tonight or
tomorrow and then a bath looking out
into the forest Oh with a cheeky little
TV and then coming back through here you
can go through the other door you've got
another toilet and then up here you've
got property insurance from these stairs
are crazy they're like alternate which
thing is normal like seems like it would
be logical but they're so strange to
walk up and then you've got ps2
beanbags and poppy and Shawn's bed which
has some
had views out here looking out into the
forest this place is basically the dream
this is like the goals we literally
staying in a tree house like in a tree
house and there is another room in this
one tree house you get two rooms per
treehouse if you come through the other
door then obviously this is the one that
you saw earlier which is mum and dads
and they're just basically the same but
they've got a massive walkway and no
upstairs
look at this walkway they've got so cool
looking at oh and they've got another
hot tub as well I just ordered dinner
mum's gonna give me a massage
whilst this coming Bobby not fill new
swimming pool here I've got some poor
place in here as always given poppy a
massage and we're watching TV
apparentiy there's loads of fireworks
outside there's a wedding going on
earlier they're all red as well
that's so cute so look is now the
wedding romantic reckoning job or anger
no that's amazing you're so cute look at
it ha ha ha cheers guys I'm never happy
so the place here just delivered us for
free like we did not order this and
magnum but this is absolutely massive
1.5 litre thank you so much and all the
dinners arrived - yeah
the salmon started look so posh for the
Harry Potter
ready for this oh yeah how does it there
look at all of their yo I'm so happy
alright it's time to go to bed I think
everyone else is already in bed just
leaving mom and dad's room now it's so
good being just next door so easy
I was sofa like washing dinner I
couldn't eat my dessert
are you eating yours in bed is it good
I'm all tucked up in bed about a treacle
tart which looks absolutely amazing I'm
so glad to be back login after having
two days off well technically only one
day yesterday the day before I did film
I just couldn't find any of the footage
for some reason I filmed on three
different SD cards and one of them I
couldn't find the footage which was like
8 a.m. until 7 p.m. so I couldn't really
upload the video I don't know where it
is hopefully I'll find it one day maybe
I can just upload it in the future
anyways if you've enjoyed this video
guys it has been an insane day we got a
bloomin helicopter here today we got a
helicopter to get to this treehouse or
is going on this is insane we're going
to have such a fun couple of days we've
got some crazy games some crazy stuff
we're thinking about doing some archery
some clay pigeon shooting some beach
walks we got a lot of stuff that we
could potentially do a lot a lot a lot
of fun stuff if you enjoyed the video if
you're excited for the next couple of
logs go down below hit the thumbs up
button show me some love hit that button
down below subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch you tomorrow I'll
see you bright and early I'm going to
try and hit the gym in the morning good
night guys good night
