good morning guys good morning today
Nullah and i off to the vet shop me yeah
we're gonna go get a check-up she's
feeling a lot better today if you didn't
watch yesterday's vlog yesterday Nala in
the morning was sick three times so we
took off to the vets what you'll checked
up got her some medicine had a little
injection but now you're feeling much
better she's a lot more awake running
around the garden barking at birds and
feeling positive about this vet visit
the check up on him Superman
good girl oh hey fancy city new year how
did that go
the vets couldn't have gone better they
literally said that she looks oh she's
again back to full recovery
super super quickly I've got a couple
I've got a little thing of medicine that
we just have to give her twice a day for
the next two days just to make sure her
stomach is nice and settled and calm
like you are now gonna sit in there I
love you no not in the middle let's get
going home should we go home just go
back to the vet my food has arrived I've
ordered some vegan healthy food for
myself and Mark we order for me the
other night popular don't if you
remember and it was so incredible that I
had to just order it for us now and I
kind of got a bit carried away as usual
and ordered a lot you know when you're
just so full up you do not to do with
yourself I feel like I can't do anything
that eating that food has taken all of
my energy out of me but I need to edit
today's blog I've got some good news
everybody I cover the packages this one
and these have just arrived to make this
camera even better let's start with the
audio because you guys missing that the
audio in these videos isn't the best
I bought two little fluffy decks you
know the little things on the top of the
camera that I have they're like super
fluffy they basically make it so that if
it's windy you can't hear the wind this
is what they look like they look like a
funky little hairdo oh so I've got two
of these to put on the top number two I
don't know if that's going to make a
difference now but it will make a
difference from outside a massive
difference this that I bought is
basically just the same thing let me see
I just wanted it's a different brand I
just wanted to see if they're better or
not they're wave flutter
these might be quite a lot better and
I'll save these ones for next time I
can't find any little scissors anywhere
so I've got my beard trimmer is this a
stupid idea to try and trim the hair
rather than cut it I mean it's working
okay and the last update to the new
camera the most important one is a brand
new lens this is going to make my camera
quite a lot bigger I'm not going to be
able to get my camera in my pocket
anymore but I think who has ever even
read those things oh my gosh is way
bigger than what I again it's not too
big however it does come with some fancy
little like food look at that whoa I'm
gonna take this end off the camera
and we're gonna cut to the new lens I'm
so excited this lens is crazy look at
this oh my god
basically this is going to be so awesome
for when I'm out in public in the
streets walking around showing you guys
new exciting places hanging out with
friends but the good thing about this
lens is that I can also do this and then
it just goes back to normal how we were
before was about here so I can just
choose how zoomed in I want a Eva I can
even have it like this
or if I want I can have it like this I'm
so excited
like I am so excited I don't know if I
remind you guys I even let you know that
I do read my comments in all of my daily
vlogs like I've been sitting here for
the last like half an hour just reading
through all of your comments but I kind
of forget to tell you that I do that so
if you do ever leave a comment it's
quite likely I would have read it I mean
there is quite a lot of them so I don't
read every single one but I do try and
read a good lot of them let's go
downstairs and see what the others think
of this new camera so he's gonna laugh
so much when she sees this oh you
startled me Picardo think about my god
yeah but then it can zoom in if you want
it yeah I prefer it I spell like if it
asks cuz you got a tiny head I have to
feel like that I've got a big old head
that's common so chewed up but you can
zoom in to have it normal that's
intimidating but I like it like middle
yeah just a bit wider these two have
been watching old school movies all day
what if you watched today
Matilda hocus-pocus which is um you must
emoji and now watch it Aladdin Nala does
not like this I'm going ala you both had
to turn yeah I want to show you guys the
difference between filming on this
camera and filming on I don't even have
a g7x but suppose this is close enough
this is the other camera that you
probably used to be filming on and don't
get me wrong I do really like filming on
there but it's just so zoomed in both my
arms are at the exact same point and
like I can zoom in on this one but that
one is brighter this one is slightly
like darker so no this one's darker a
more realistic looking this one is more
like brighter and energized let me know
what you think in the comments there's
no rush I own both the cameras we can
mess about both of them I can film on
both of them and just see what happens
I'm currently sitting here just
scrolling through Twitter completely
normally and if you're verified you get
X
little like tap so this here is my
Twitter page and then over ii got
notifications mentions which is what all
of you guys have and this is all
mentions then if you're verified you get
an excellent verified tab which
basically shows you if anybody who's
verified likes or tweets and if your
stuff and i just clicked on there and
you are never gonna believe who is on
there is this even real life
JK rowling thanks for the support app
ones blog and tweets my video j gate
like JK Rowling has just tweeted out my
video like that's actually her what
everyone is tweet me saying are you Loki
fact not even Loki everybody I'm just
straight up and that is crazy
I don't even know how she would have
seen it she must have watched it to be
able to tweet her
I literally just heard you say she we
pretend we're asleep do you guys see my
Twitter no I got my Twitter that's good
isn't it nice so cool oh you've been
tweeted by JK Rowling that's cool isn't
it rolling rolling rolling
she's just so do I should just weed out
any vlog that's insane one of the
birthday presents my parents got me was
this wooden game called puckett I'm
gonna beat you guys down here like this
so basically the rules of the game I
have to get all of my pieces through
here onto Zoey side she has to get hers
all through here the first person to
have none on their side wins three two
one
oh I hate this game the gum back oh my
gosh you beat me that's talking when you
don't breathe that is the most stressful
thing I've ever played in my life
because you called the creek what you're
like doing things coming if you try and
rush it it doesn't mean that you do any
better than you just stop flicking bad
ones that is so stressful another one of
the presents I got for my birthday was
this I put it all together but the only
thing I haven't done is pump the tire
the tire is completely flat so I need to
go are you sure you've got one oh no
uh-oh I may have not all a little bit so
he's pretty sure that she's got a bike
pump in the shed in the garden I mean
the only issue is trying to find the
bike pump within all of these bull pit
bulls that I bought oh my gosh I don't
if we're gonna have any luck guys what
is that okay I found a bike helm ow
I found a bike helmet I don't think
we're gonna be able to get anything
there's no luck it's too full of all my
bull pit bulls no the only way I think
this is going to work is if I Drive us
to my friend Max's house because he is a
bike mechanic oh that's his actual job
is to fix like pedal bikes and stuff and
he doesn't live far away so I could just
knit to his house I'm gonna drive over
to his place now so that we can mess
about and play with this unicycle
tonight I am so excited like a unicycle
is one of those things that I just
wanted to have I've wanted to own
because having a go on one in a shop
isn't enough time to be able to master
it to be able to get good I think this
is gonna be fun this is gonna be fun and
we got the bike pump all right let's
get back home and go on the unicycle I'm
so excited
/ nervous because I think they're gonna
be a lot harder to ride them what I
think they're gonna be guys I've only
got a really small pump oh look at the
size of that is triads just not very
bouncy jump you're taking the pier work
those arms all work that muscle here we
go
Alfie you need to hold Marc Marc stand
by ow I don't trust Mike holding me no
you never drop you you just have to hold
like hold his shoulder or something so
you can balance Rob how do we do it we
should want you to be on how do unicycle
I honestly I don't like this here we go
ah Alfie Oh Alfie I can't bear to watch
oh oh my god this is more my bows I'm
laughing at more I'll feel mark your
footsteps walk in I could pull em in
most like one knows the rains come on
yeah oh hey Zoe
my my cute Ryan oh hold on like tight
and to prepare to watch they're gonna
watch their minimize oh I'll better back
a little bit already
yep you're doing really well
all right say that sister yeah yeah but
that's a hug a minute uh-huh I'm holding
on yeah that's good that's a good grip
that's really good oh my I really got my
name okay y'all got in the back walk
with me there what are you doing oh oh
don't know how we're gonna ever be able
to do Oh
can anyone can any of you guys do this
if you can calm down 20 year video of
you doing that I'm worried too tired
cause I've just been woken up by the TV
program yeah speaking him I wasn't
asleep
I was speaking I just woke up all
speaking a lot of rubbish I was now
closed awake I know I was saying but I
think I'll saying it because I felt
other night I think you were still in a
dream but you're like Mary shape sighs
she's then and you don't know where she
was like what I wish she's there
good night man nice seeing a bear in the
morning I feel so confused you know when
you fall asleep on the sofa you just
fall asleep and then you wake up like an
hour or so later and you just don't know
what's going on what the time isn't
where you are that's currently how I
feel so I hope you've enjoyed the video
see you in the morning do something
today that challenges you that scares
you that gets you and takes you out of
your comfort zone and you'll be proud
that you did it tomorrow
