good morning guys good mor let's just
check that there's no one on you can
hear me shouting to my camera how you
guys doing I hope you're having a lovely
day wherever you are in the world
whatever you're up to do something today
that challenges you this scares you that
gets you and takes you out of your
comfort zone and you'll be proud that
you did it tomorrow that is today's
challenge everybody make sure you try
and do that it's been a busy old morning
you know we're having like our TV box
tech package upgrade so we've got
somebody on the aerial screwing things
in changing wires
we've got Nala who was sick this morning
unfortunately so we haven't been able to
get a breakfast but she's like barking
saying that she's hungry but we don't
want to give her food in case she's sick
again so we're caring and looking after
her I had a late night getting back from
Harry Potter last night with my mum
which was in credible and the Lumos
charity are doing such amazing work and
it was an amazing opportunity to have to
go and see what they're doing so if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog go check it
out right now as you can imagine as you
can guess from my clothing for my attire
from my energy hopefully because I like
to get to these gym sessions as
energized as possible I'm off to the gym
to go and workout do you want to come
with me should we go together or shall I
leave you guys in the car also can we
talk about how I'm three minutes early
I'm currently early to the gym I'm early
somewhere come on then gang let's do
this
I've just got a wind noise reduction
setting on this camera will be a little
bit better I'm also quite shaky from
using my arms in the gym just popping in
to a place called Cooke to grab some
food I definitely didn't get carried
away everybody I just got so much food
that place is incredible look you know
that I mean I get a lot of takeaways
like let's not lie we order out most
nights but this is like delicious food
already cooked for you and like proper
healthy and everything like really
really healthy that place there is a few
of them I know that they're not just in
Brighton veggie chili con carne that is
like a classic rich chili of soya mince
and that it looks amazing basically best
before the 16th of February 2017 what
what that is incredible and then I also
got butternut squash and spinach
tartlets that look insane I don't even
know that what says some think potatoes
like cheesy potatoes peas and leeks with
lemon and herb butter look incredible
piece as Zoe's favorite vegetables
macaroni cheese a massive macaroni
cheese this is my kind of food this is
mica and this little just looks insane
vegetable chickpea tahini unbelievable
only self funny me tell you how excited
I am to get how many all of that where
McKee's think I lost my kick I still owe
that 50 pounds to charity please keep on
reminding me guys I am gonna pay it the
only thing is I said that I'll put it in
a charity pot if you don't know what I'm
on about basically the other day in a
video Zoe tried to prank me or she did
Frank me with her daddy longlegs that is
like the one animal that I'm petrified
of I absolutely hate daddy longlegs and
I hate spiders
although Zoe tells me they're not
spiders they're flies
they're still disgusting let's not lie
that guy's looking at me because I'm
talking to myself
anyway Zoe said she would pay 50 pounds
to charity if I held this daddy longlegs
I said I would rather pay 50 pounds
myself to charity to not hold the daddy
longlegs and I haven't paid the 50
pounds yet I said that I would put the
money in one of those pots like you know
when you go to a shop and on the till
there's the charity pot now the only
if that is that the hole to put the
money in is like this big because it's
for coins I can't really like wedge 50
pounds worth of notes down that tiny
little hole so I haven't managed yet to
give that money to charity but I am
gonna do it my next time I see a charity
pot that woman's also looking at me hey
next time I see a charity bought this
big enough or somebody's got like a
charity bucket or something I will
donate the 50 pounds don't you re its
cash in my wallet fifty pounds weight of
charity anyways let's go home before
this food that defrost so he is
currently looking to buy Christmas food
not for Christmas time Nonna's currently
at the best just getting everything
checked up to make sure that she's okay
I think she's I think she's fine she's
still super energetic which makes me not
worried about dough still running around
the garden barking at birds and
everything but just had a poorly Tommy
him throwing up a couple of times this
morning so she hasn't had any breakfast
because otherwise I'd just come straight
back up and she's just getting checked
over by the vets the moment so hopefully
that's oh good we've got a meeting
starting in ten minutes
you ready I think our meeting is in
christmas-related unintentionally
christmas-related
you'll have to wait and find out
they got your house yeah my vlog is
finally up and I'm off to film for
Zoey's video today yeah okay what we
filming it feeling better
I don't if I film since Nile has been
back from the vets or not but basically
a while ago she had to go to the vets
for like five days and magic that was
real
she had a good effect like five days
because she had something wrong with her
stomach and they think that there's a
chance that she could have that again so
she's just been given an injection to
trying to help her stomach and she's
just eating rice and chicken today and
maybe tomorrow as well and then she's
gonna go back to the best tomorrow to
make sure that everything's okay so
she's getting all the care and love this
she needs aren't you
hey again lots of cuddles and attention
marks here as well obviously you saw him
a second ago you going for we yeah I'm
gonna film it Billy thank you've never
called it a dilly damn boy get your
daddy done cow day all dank quickest put
a minute where am I saying
hello or shiny you guys away
dinner's just arrived in these two got
wine go on this and I just cooked some
of the food that I got from the shop
called cook earlier on today I don't
even know what if you don't even know
what it is that I'm cooking just put it
in the oven it was incredible routine
wait is this one of the things do I open
this or is there already one's open I
know yeah you've got a separate in
there this what's this
skin s Kyn these are views these on the
plane before we had like gel versions of
these we're currently watching what is
this celebrity Bear Grylls yeah
yeah oh wow
D puffs sorts out fine lines hey what
are you trying to say nothing
whoa that feels good that's really good
listener
they're so good here we go are they on
oh good beautiful the TV show you
watching is for Stand Up to Cancer if
you want to donate I don't know if it's
only in the UK or not you're just gonna
have to Google yourselves guys I'm not
too sure about the terms and conditions
ask the bill payers permission text
fight two-seven-zero 404 that's ten
British pounds to charity oh yeah just
go on the website but if you want to do
the text you know what it is it's ten
pounds
ask the bill payer whoever pays the bill
I'm about to do it now though is just
done it we're watching the TV show yeah
my dinner's ready
I have no idea what these are thin
they're like sweet potato something you
know early one today I was talking about
donating this 50 pounds and I was saying
but it can't fit inside the little
bucket things what I think I'm gonna do
is text fight by Eve time so that's 50
pounds I've done it twice three four
five one two three four five and are you
gonna cry because we're about to watch
The One Direction film we're about to
watch The One Direction movie I haven't
seen this in ages this is us how much
I've won two tend to miss one direction
mark do you want some of this Hey before
the film starts we found the DVD
everybody of us you've already put these
things off are you ready
what did this do
I might feel great but they look tired
Markie boy enjoy some of this cake a
family friend of ours deliver a cake
over to my house today for my birthday
how lovely is that look at this whoa so
I'll just do that much this is all
caramel got a One Direction party going
on in there
oh I'm facemasks yeah help yourself
these are amazing I just can't look at
this picture
I literally just can't look at that
you're pretty sweaty mark it's not is
that's just sweat why it's very greasy
face my ass oh my gosh feel like I wanna
turn with the lights off boys if any of
you are watching this vlog by any chance
tweet me I miss you guys
I miss you too do you know my favorite
part of this documentary slash film is
when Niall was in the hotel at me don't
you know how we got the best fans in the
world
Oh opens the window do you know much I
wish I went to this
now we didn't go to this we didn't enter
this tour there anything that you this
tour did we know that wasn't this tour
that was the one after Zoey and this one
direction so much I wanted to see them
one last time all of them together
Zayn there as well one last show it's
time to go to bed I don't even know if
you guys can see me it's time to go to
bed night mark where's my sleepy baby
where are you
where's my poor little baby hey you
can't be under there you're gonna get
too hot and then you're gonna feel even
more poorly okay guys it is time to go
to sleep
thank you so much for watching today I'm
gonna end up not quickly because it is
Connie past 1:00 a.m. in the morning and
I've got the gym and 9 a.m. thank you so
much for watching today if you enjoyed
it give it a big ol thumbs up your
challenge today is 25,000 wear head
looks ridiculous I need my hair cut it's
25,000 thumbs up I've got my new lens
arriving tomorrow
I'm so excited subscribe if you haven't
already
I'll see you then guys I guess I train
that's what they do right
