good morning guys good morning you join
us today in London we offer a very very
exciting day like I told you at the end
of yesterday's video
we've just finished having breakfast
when a place called Balthazar which is
my dad's favorite place to come practice
in London he is super suggested it's
just me and my I've gone for scrambled
eggs and salmon on toast mum's gone for
avocado and eggs on toast so we're going
to email the other day apparently
apparently JK Rowling has invited Zoe
and I but as though we can't make it
today
to go and see the new play so so excited
that she's going to be there herself
doing the talk is with the Lumos charity
there's gonna be a ton of like VIPs and
vloggers and bloggers and stuff but I
don't really know so mums come along
with me mom's room watching all the
films yes to that in everything to get
up today yeah you watch the last two
yesterday because if you don't already
know this play or the book depend if
you're read in the book starts at the
end of the last film and then skips 19
is it nineteen years into the future
I think ulti over the play is six hours
long yeah it's two players split into
two with intervals between each one so I
don't know how much I'm gonna have to
film today okay hey then how working
video to film today because we're gonna
be in a theatre for six hours in the do
everything I can I'm going to try and
film apparently there's some of the
actors and actresses they're just gonna
see what happens today we ought to go
and see the new play cursed child super
super exciting you guys know I bought
some new shoes the other day and these
shoes a little a little bit expensive
shall we say somehow I've got this all
on it today I am pretty annoyed right
now
right now
this is some cool
look how extravagant is in here it's
crazy
we're gonna grab a drink
yeah
that's crazy yeah so consuming against
that's what they do right I mean that's
what you do whenever I go overseas in
the airport no camera equipment
customers Chris office Park where a
quarter way through or at the first
interval and then we have another one
and never the second half and nothing's
more than in the last resort at everyone
else's over Jordan right this is
and just got one of every snap that they
sell I was just I want one of everything
I'm barely blood anything since coming
out
we just wanna grab some food we're
halfway through it is incredible but I
don't want to leak anything and tell you
those things that happen or even I love
it and I'm not good at like
concentrating for long time fell asleep
10 minutes while they were in a normal
scene they weren't doing anything
I love it
and then I'm sorry JK she's actually
there watching she's probably seen you
sleeping I love it it's absolutely the
first I reckon it's the best live
performance so have you ever seen in my
life
there's nothing scary live performance
right it's I think it's the best I'll
say that it's the best piece of
entertainment that's ever been made in
the whole world as far as I know I'm
sure there's other things out I think is
how its first much bit like them
anything this even is similar or of like
I don't want to give anything away to
you guys but the magic that happens like
the ones were like it's insane people
fly in floating through the air
I have no idea how they're doing any of
it which makes it even more magical that
it actually feels magic we've got an
hour until we have to get back the
popping to the Apple store to try and
get me a phone case because you know
I've got the iPhone 7 now but I haven't
got a case for it George Austin might
buy an iPhone today one of the new ones
my mama's here as well she'd just get a
bunch of us but she's not tough to go
and grab the coffee and she's gonna go
back and sit and chill there we haven't
just kicked you away I have no idea
where anything is all I know is that I
need a new phone case
coming to snow to get frozen yogurt
this is good
I just got home that was the most I I
don't even know what to say
unbelievable what I'm going to talk
about it more tomorrow and insert it now
but I did get Zoey I'm like changing
color all the time it's the TV screen
I did get Zoey a couple of presents the
some of them were for free as well two
of you guys who watch these videos your
dad and mum own the stool that do love
the merchandise of the place see he gave
me so his gifts that I was about to buy
for free which is ugly ugly right so the
first thing is this is the charity
Lumos t-shirt I didn't buy that one they
gave that to us
we got your one that they had already
how cute is that amazing and then I got
you a couple of presents
wait what house would you say you are I
knew you'd say Gryffindor so got your
Gryffindor oh and it was going to say
yeah I actually love lanyards I wanted
gradually way to find your keys in your
handbag though he keeps all of her house
keys on an actual lanyard in her bag
because then we need to put your hand in
you can find it easily
I thought realistic because they did
like t-shirts and badges and things but
I thought realistically something that
you're actually used Gryffindor pen it's
like a proper sick one as well and then
I got you a couple of presents that
weren't from Harry Potter they were just
from the place with me and mum with Mike
know when you see that I didn't buy
those they gave me those for free
they're these me mum were just getting
some dinner to eat in the bar on the way
home that bought yeah oh these you know
chocolate cookie and chocolate Oh
cookies and cream lipsticks
delicious thank you gorgeous no I've
never had them I haven't even tried the
other ones what they called Mickey or
makuu or something Makar d'emic I don't
know maybe just some the place that
would burn our dinner from on the way
home anyways I'm gonna leave today's
blog here I don't think I filmed very
much so what I'm probably gonna do is
add it to tomorrow's vlog because I've
also got a busy day tomorrow so you're
gonna get two days in one I will see you
in the morning or in a second right
about now I've just finished editing
that video and I was gonna match it up
with today's vlog but the video is
actually quite long so I'm gonna leave
it as it is I just want to speak a
little bit about the Lumos charity and
what they do because it is unbelievable
and I want to try and raise awareness
and let all of you guys know so that if
you want to get involved you can get
involved I'll leave a link down below to
the stuff you can go check it out so
basically the numerous charity Jake
around and I Joe started it herself
there's 8 million people who live in
orphanages in Europe they stopped doing
they stopped having them in the UK about
my facts might not be a hundred
inaccurate just because I only learned
bold in this stuff yesterday but they
stopped they stopped having them in the
UK about 20 years ago and that is
because statistically they're actually
very very damaging like if I said in
this vlog I'm gonna volunteer and go and
work in an orphanage for two weeks or a
month or something like that and I'm
gonna donate thousand pounds to help
them out you guys would be like that's
amazing keep doing it Alfie but
statistically it would be better to
spend my time and money helping those
people get back with their family
members and loved ones or foster carers
or be adopted by a family because there
is mad stats over 80 years of data that
have shown that they just don't really
work and there are three kinds of and
there are three kind of orphanages and
this is again this is only what I learnt
yesterday there's ones where they're run
really really well but for example Luna
Lovegood went over and saw one I think
it was in Haiti I want to say as she
went there she saw somebody who had
lived in this one place for 41 years 41
years like that
just that in itself proves that this
system doesn't work these these people
growing up in the orphanages should be
put back into society they shouldn't be
staying in the home for their entire
life they should be with caring loving
family and parents and it is a very
tricky one to talk about because because
the idea of an orphanage is very very
positive but they're also kind of
orphanages where for example they get a
million pounds funding from the
government in other countries not in
Europe but just safer Zomba they get a
million pounds funding from the
government to run for the year the owner
will spend fifty thousand pounds running
it and the people living there will stay
in like cages and things and it's all he
did never ever spoken about and nine
hundred fifty thousand pounds would just
be going straight in their back pocket
and then purely run in this orphanage
just for money and they don't care about
the children the people that adults that
are staying there and living in these
poor conditions they literally kept like
captive and they're only there because
they make the main person who owns the
place a ton of money per year that
they're that they should be pouring into
helping these people's lives get better
and they don't and then there's a worse
kind of orphanage where somebody will
get money from the government and they
won't put any of it into helping the
people who are meant to be helped and
they'll sell those people off for like
slavery or sex trafficking and horrible
stuff like this and they're making that
money straight into their back pocket by
ruining these people's lives so it's a
super tricky one because like I said if
I was to say to you guys
I'm gonna go volunteer in an orphanage
for a week but it's not as amazing as it
could be but the best thing would be for
those people to go back to their
families or go back to their parent or
go back to their siblings or go to a new
family and be welcomed into a loving
home because that long term the stats of
that happening are far better than the
statistics come in from orphanages I
don't want to be too preaching
everything and the last thing I want to
do is create a debate in the comments
I'm just saying some of the facts that I
found out yesterday if you do want to
know more properly I will leave like I
said some links down below but I think
this is something really
really amazing that Jojo carolien is
helping to conquer this issue the first
thing to have to solve and make a step
to making this change is educating the
general public that these orphanages
don't work statistically there are
better things that we can be doing to
help to help these people have the best
upbringing and life possible there are
better places we group in our money to
make that happen
for example fostering and adoption but
yes anyways that's enough that's enough
you guys get what I'm saying go check
out the links down below thank you so
much Lewis for inviting me yesterday it
was unbelievable the show was the best
thing the best piece of entertainment I
have ever seen in my life full stop TVs
films anything it was unbelievable if
you haven't got tickets you need to try
and get some tickets to go and see yeah
I'm gonna end the vlog here guys thank
you so much watch and thank you so much
for spending your time today
watching this video taking a moment out
I hope it made you happy I hope it made
you smile I hope it made you think we've
got a special guest coming over tomorrow
which is today for me they've just
arrived downstairs you guys are gonna
love who it is get excited for
tomorrow's vlog give the video a thumbs
up also I want to say thank you so much
for with the sport MOTU birthday videos
you guys crushed there on one of them
asked for 42,000 thumbs up I went on it
a minute ago in this over 50,000
thumbs-up so thank you your task today
is 30,000 thumbs up good have no smash a
thumbs up and subscribe if you're not
already wow been speaking a lot and now
I need to edit this is that video and
upload it I'll see you tomorrow
good night guys
