hey what's up hello and the prettiest
and the day wears on all night asleep
with the words and see what that clear
I'm gonna hate myself
hello see you're pretty as soon as you
come in the door how does it go we're
gonna press play and sing it with it
your 30s as you come in the door are
just limit you got a star cholesterol
this is my morning everybody
Sahara whip-it introduced her to my
story
yeah morning guys good morning welcome
back to bit of a strange daily vlog
maybe sing anymore that song I'm gonna
get copyrighted my videos gonna get
taken down what you're gonna say any
part of that song I'm gonna kick you out
bed hey hey hey hey hey good morning
good morning good morning oh you just
want to go see mommy she literally just
ran upstairs to go and see Zoey I see
how it is Nala just going to take you
out of the toilet I hope you're not
hungry do you know why I'm not gonna
feed you today could you got away from
me she's looking up at you like what
lets you have no idea what was logged
this morning what have we done we son
hey what's up below doo de doo doo de
doo de doo
I've had that song stuck in my head all
morning Louis stayed over last night and
he just left this morning he went off to
a meeting at 10 o'clock it's currently
nearly 2 p.m. 2 p.m.
oh I thought it was one day I really
wanna listen to one day I miss one day
soon oh I got my phone up it on
by I know we are off to go and see the
Saucony Jolie's super super exciting I
feel like I haven't seen him in ages
somebody tweeted me yesterday saying
when he next couldn't see the most loved
the southeastern enjoy these vlogs well
that's what we're doing today and also
two other exciting things today
one is my new camera has just arrived I
haven't had the chance to go through it
and have a look at it yet
but once we get home we will do that as
soon as we get back number two is the
new iPhone comes out today and we if it
arrives on time then we're both going to
be getting it today and that's blooming
exciting my cameras flashing a spot to
run our charge that is not a good sign
I'm going to text Jonathan and see if
you can charge a battery for me oh wow
rebel T's on what your where opt at me
it looks like the Ford there's no again
opposite you behind
oh there no I can't see a sign on cars
it's a Ford
we are blue sign her said forgot to tell
you is Amelia's birthday last week
so we've got our presence with us as
well just super exciting we're trying to
guess the gender of the new baby and
yeah
sewing you're saying one felt no we are
you having a brother or a sister are you
really are you sure is mommy a girl or a
boy I love your outfit haha doctor says
thanks very much Amelia's doing Zoey's
makeup it's really good
everyone's having a go mMmmm what is gym
eye makeup
Oh leave it over my JWoww fee oh oh baby
technique of making it dirty oh is that
the stuff on that brush look at your
blog I'm perfect
oh wow just doing my neck yes one of
them make some more mess I'll help you
more of that you coming with us yeah
coming them let's jump you inside can
you climb in history there we go the
kids let's go drive on a fun adventure
we just go home after an awesome evening
no not evening afternoon with the
sekolah holy moly Jolie's like I said to
you there's two exciting packages that
arrived today hope he's heading over now
to hang out with us tonight and for
dinner
Shawn's hanging out a friend so
unfortunately he can't hang with us
tonight he was invited but he's busy so
watch throughout I want to show you what
arrived in the post finally I say
finally it came out today I am so so
excited you probably already know it is
you probably see from Twitter or the
thumbnail or the title don't know my
iPhone 7 the iPhone 7 the iPhone 7 I am
so excited just to try it out
I've got the 256 gigabytes in black
gigabytes 250
six that is so big my current iPhone is
you've got your as well haven't you yeah
you excited yeah where is my package
number two here it is here is my package
number two I did open out earlier but I
haven't had a chance to like look at it
properly I stuck it on charged my
brand-new vlogging camera so that I
don't have to use this one anymore this
is my new vlogging camera everybody this
is the 16 millimeter lens on it I've got
a different lens arriving tomorrow that
I think is going to be even better but
I'm so excited to try it out so my
current iPhone 6 is backing up so that I
can plug in the iPhone 7 and restore the
backup from my laptop because i do not
use iCloud don't use it don't trust it's
too easy to hack and stuff like that so
nobody I know even uses iCloud back it
up manually on our laptops pop users are
now like I said and we've ordered so
much delicious food took it what's in
here is that my rap and my burger and my
lasagna
don't don't dawn oh you can't see it
straight away are you ready so excited
to see the two cameras on the back wow
look at that it's got two lenses on the
back
look there's no thing on the bottom no
aux cable I'm going to plug it all data
back up from my current iPhone and then
I'll vlog in a minute you're tired Missy
you sleepy just take in Oh to visit the
toilet coming in let's take you out for
a week
there we go Missy what's knowledge going
for a wee outside I will give you an
update on this iPhone what I think so
far I haven't really used both the
lenses yet on the both the little
cameras the main thing I noticed so far
is that this home screen button here
isn't actually a button anymore is like
a touch screen pad so when you press it
it like you can choose the whole how
much it vibrates and how much like that
kind of the noise the clicker noise that
it makes because it's no longer a button
it's obviously got iOS 10 which is nose
to the new emoji isn't everything like
that feel
is just a bit cleaner like obviously
under the phone is new but I don't mean
actually like clean I mean just like a
bit crisper just a bit yeah I've been
nicer suppose the tech seems a little
bit sharper like just looking at
everything on the phone just looks a
little bit sharper I haven't tried out
the camera yet let me try and take a
selfie oh yeah okay that looks nice well
it doesn't a nice because I look tired
but the camera quality looks really nice
and I think the zoom is way better
because of the dual cameras on the back
I really like the color of it as well I
went for the matte black one I think it
looks really really nice I don't think
I've mentioned this yet in my vlog
tomorrow is my birthday
I turned 23 tomorrow and that is exactly
one hour and 45 minutes until I turned
23 years old that is crazy
I still feel like I'm 17 why not do it
who are you doing you snap Cheyenne
Zoey 9 are asleep but I just wanna walk
in here for a minute it is 11:59 I'm
gonna turn 23 any second I'm currently
22 within this clip in the vlog I'm
going to turn 23 this is crazy I'm
telling a year I'm 23 I'm 23 I'm 23
years old I've been making these videos
since I was like was it 15 or 16 2009
man the journey the journey that we've
had together I started off making vlogs
when I was in like year 10 oh my gosh
and 23 years old I can no longer sing
Taylor Swift 22 because I'm not I'm 23
before I end the vlog and go to sleep
overall review of the iPhone really
really liked it it'll be interesting to
know what the battery life is like
obviously I can't test that today in one
day I left an over the next like a
couple of weeks or so really love the
color love everything so far I need to
get a case for it because I don't want
to drop it and smash your cracker or
something but I haven't managed to have
time in today's vlog to show you the new
vlog
Kember I have got a new lens arriving
tomorrow which is going to make the
camera even better so I feel like I
might as well just hold off into the new
lens arrives tomorrow I say tomorrow but
it's actually technically later today 23
it's the 17th of September 2016 it's my
birthday I'm going to tell her for the
night close the blinds and head up to
bed I'm going to end the vlog down here
they're gonna know as soon as I get into
bed I'm just going to fall asleep if you
want to wish me a happy birthday
give the video a thumbs up smash the
video with a thumbs I'm going to give
you a crazy target to hit in today's
vlog usually we go with something along
28,000 thumbs up 32,000 thumbs up today
your target is 40,000 thumbs up just
smash as many as you possibly can if you
want to wish me happy birthday give the
video a thumbs up thank you in advance
for all of the tweets all of the
Instagram comments all the facebook like
everything you guys possibly do because
I know that you guys are going to give
me so much love and support to more like
you do every single day let alone when
it's my birthday so thank you from the
bottom of my heart tomorrow it's going
to be incredible we've got an exciting
week planned not just tomorrow I'm going
to head out for dinner with my family
tomorrow subscribe if you haven't
already click the button down below
smash it is free to split subscribe and
you'll be sent these videos every single
day turn on your notifications whatever
I've never told you guys to do that
before if you haven't already turned on
like my video notifications so that you
get a little message on your phone one
upload a new vlog go turn them on I will
catch you tomorrow bright and early on
my birthday thank you so much again I
love you so much I'll catch you tomorrow
get that guy's then I show them your bow
look how pretty you look okay pretty you
look
