good morning guys good morning today
we're off to the gym bright and early
again for the third session this week
today we're gonna be boxing not to
actually learn how to fight more
interest in that just to get fit
that was the sweatiest gym session I
have ever had
boxing is also like so much fun but so
bloomin intense what do you got on show
daddy what you've got if you've got
little Bo are you getting shy you're
getting shy you're getting shy can I
show them your Bo look how pretty you
look look how pretty you look so I just
got home and a very very exciting parcel
has just arrived
gnarlie you're gonna have to jump up for
this one I'm afraid as you know I've
been having troubles with my vlogging
cameras for the last couple of months I
resorted to using an old camera I
stopped using this camera so long ago
but for the last two or three days I've
had to use this one because all my
others are so broken well I ordered a
camera from Amazon I normally love
Amazon so much I ordered one from Amazon
I paid 600 pounds for the camera 49
pounds 50 for the person packaging 49
pounds 50 like how can something even
cost that much and then it didn't get a
tracking number and it got lost in the
post Nirvana pampers and they were super
super good about it and they gave me my
refund but I did wait over a week for it
it was meant to revive after two days I
awaited an eight or nine days then I
wrong Amazon like yeah what is happening
with this camera I really really need it
apparently got lost in the post and they
didn't have a tracking number and I have
no idea what happened so I ordered one
from another website which I've never
ordered from before called alza il Z a I
have no idea I don't think it's even in
the UK I think it might be in like
Germany or Czech no it's in the Czech
and they've been amazing like this was
the only place I could find this camera
at all online like everywhere as a pan
it's like a discontinued camera so
hopefully I don't break this
if we like it and I break it I don't
think we're gonna have to get another
one I need to but I need to buy the
lenses separately for this camera but I
didn't want to order the lenses in case
this camera didn't ever turn up
currently with Louie we just ran a globe
from a lunch but I completely forgot to
film it who has usually it was
incredibly good wasn't there I went for
some sweet corn fritters sweet corn
fritters
I'm so I just bought like a whole bag
full of I that's a healthy chocolate I
mean there's always room for chocolate
it's healthier chocolate then normal
chocolate we're just about to head back
to the car now I got my boosted boards
with me Louise what booster ball with
him then we're going to go for a skate
on the beach I need to pop into the
office as well just see what happens we
haven't really got a plan for today I
don't really know it's a lovely day life
it's a very much it's on it's out it's
warm
get that shot go and get that come down
to the beach this is awesome it's like
the perfect weather it's nice and sunny
but not too hot we're going to go and
check out the I 360
the massive Tower like the penis-looking
thing along the beach British Airways I
360 know couple of and Toria magic that
fell down now run that is odd see I
think it's thirty quid to go on per
person two hundred people at a time or
something how mad is that yeah
alright we've boosted in booster
boarding on the grass I feel like if I
fall off then I won't hurt myself
it'll get I don't feel good can we talk
about how blue the sea looks today it's
crazy for Brighton so blue oh wait
literally look at this now I'm gonna
flip my screen man look at yourself look
how blue the water looks that's unreal
look at that that is just insane there's
sand as well that is crazy
get that shot oh let you know I was
telling you about the wind turbines can
you see in the distance over there that
thing yeah that's making the wind
turbines I don't if you can see the wind
turbines themself
see that little thing just there in the
middle of the screen that's building
wind turbines sit sit please okay
oh boy yeah I know I haven't got
anything to give you label don't worry
about the Trix we haven't got anything
to give you babes
alright oh crap I went reverse
this is not going to end well Larry bro
where are you I am definitely going to
pull off at this this feels it feels so
good on my bum or just fun
I'm going now
sorry look where we are everybody I
haven't been to my office to my studio
to the pointless pad in like a couple of
weeks this is crazy
currently - changing over the water I
can't brought along as empty we're in
the dodgiest lift in the world the
chance of this breaking - Louie no don't
or never never - Tim and the chances
break in his life or 90% one is later is
so bad okay we made it we made it Zoey
this is payback for the spider yesterday
ah dumber
let's get Nala instead hey baby
hey it's not open now
I tried to scare you get you back for
the spider yesterday hey baby
ah hey hey see in a minute come to the
front door hey who's this he was in LA
there a good year present today what
your present oh my god shall I guess
what it is you have to guess you won't
guess one of them I'm going to put this
one in a close your eyes let me see
Oh men pleasure eyes hi there you go
what is that
Oh guys your eyes what is that
I just don't know there you go oh nice
like close your eyes no this one's
different
we had it before it yeah this is like
delicious little chocolate balls with
the coating on with your pasty I will
look them over
oh yeah they're aren't they insane Milly
we've just smashed two packets each yeah
you can't just say you want your lip
after everything to help up here
Thank You Zoey Lou have just ordered
some food however I don't really feel
like a takeaway today because I bought
myself when I nicked into Tesco
yesterday and got that bread I bought
myself some salmon so I'm going to cook
myself some salmo no burn it up here
we've got a couple of packets of quinoa
so I'm going to pop in packet Timor as
well I have no idea what this vlog has
been today all I know why is it like I'm
like smoking underwater this camera is a
piece of rubbish all I know is that I've
got a new lens arriving tomorrow and I'm
very very excited the following day I
have another new lens arriving and I'm
even more excited about that one I think
the new camera is going to be way better
than all of this stuff boy at the moment
I'm leaving in focus it's you look at
this Louie oh look at that we're doing
what's good there we go oh my gosh this
lighting is horrific
I literally look like I haven't slept in
52 days she put you to bed
Hey seem to be doing this a lot at the
moment and I'm very very sorry I just
end my vlog so late at night that I
don't want to film the rest like the
proper ending in bed wake me up wake
Nala up so I end up just forgetting to
end my vlog and just falling asleep so
I'm ending the vlog now I hope you
enjoyed it if you did give it a thumbs
up smash the bun down below subscribe if
you haven't already I will catch you
tomorrow which is a very very very
exciting day off somewhere exciting and
we've got too excited parcels arriving
today
which is tomorrow fee a oz each party
I don't mean that's a game oh my god
