good morning guys good morning how you
doin
I need absolutely down this coffee I've
got to leave like two minutes ago
I took yesterday off of vlogging to hang
out probably with the team because
yesterday we had a work Christmas party
it was like super chilled super relaxed
in fact we had we had this fancy cake
made for it and we couldn't even finish
all of it but literally only at half of
the top layer and all of the rest is
still there when everyone was leaving
yesterday and we're saying goodbye I was
like see in 2018 but blooming 28 how is
that even a thing 2018 all right I need
to pack up all of my stuff and get going
I'm off to town - don't film a video for
direct lines YouTube channel which will
be coming out hopefully before Christmas
if I can film it today and it all goes
good then before Christmas which I'm
really excited about taking a big camera
to film it on it's a video out in public
that I'm filming so it's quite dependent
on the weather if it rains I have no
idea how it's gonna go or whether I'll
even be able to film it see you later
see you later oh actually really quick
before I go peepee Christmas match link
down below check it out also I've got
this got this to open today is like the
12th or the 13th I don't even know I'm
going open number 12 I think it is 13 is
it the 13th today or deep today where's
Tom gone so he's doing out this from
last night we got everyone matching
Christmas pajamas I've got something
like ordered the other day Zoey doesn't
know yet what it is after all I'm not
sure when because we're off to London
over the next couple of days I'm gonna
be surprising Zoey a bit it is crazy
I've done I've done some weird few good
stuff on my time on YouTube and the
thing that I bought to justify Zoey with
the other day it's definitely up there
for one of the weirdest purchases
I've ever done I mean it is giant you're
not even ready maybe I could even do it
in today's vlog but I've got to go in
through this video in town and it's also
a super important day because today is a
review with my project manager so every
three months me and my project manager
sit down and we have a review together
about what's gone well in the past and
what hasn't gone well what's gone well
in the present hasn't gone well what
what we hoping is going to go well in
the future what we're going to work on
together how we see us working together
to work the best way possible
we basically sit down and have a review
every three months of how we can work
even better than we currently are
together and my creative producer also
has a review coming up this week as well
so it's going to be a fun week I love
reviews I think it's super important
everyone and I really really need to get
going but I just want to say this life
is so fast-paced that it's really
difficult to often take quality time
offline put that screen away get some
pen and paper out and reflect and review
on how everything is going in your life
set yourself some goals set yourself
some challenges some things to work on
and really really take the time to
understand how everything is going and
work your best in the future to improve
those things right I need to get going
to town just got to town and it's
actually pretty nice weather you know
like peeking through the clouds I mean
is very very cloudy but I can see blue
sky that's the important thing
that means people are going to be in
good moods that means the video that I'm
filming for Dorot lion is gonna go well
if we've learned good mood then they're
going to be happy to stop I can to them
I'm just about to step into a restaurant
now for the review of project manager so
I will see you in about hour an hour and
a half
hey that's festive
it's been a good few hours since I last
blogged not a very successful film in
session today sometimes you try and film
videos in public and he goes awesome
some days hey how's it going like today
where it just doesn't work very well I
didn't quit again
is he in Bev just stopped me for a
picture and what are you guys up to so
we made food for homeless I'm just
delivering it rice and pass that's so
nice oh my gosh amazing guys I love that
that was sick those who just handing out
little packages they made totally super
love food and snacks and stuff you guys
should be doing that get involved if you
can that's awesome and now on the way to
a photo studio to go jump in and see how
a photo shoots going for the TCS website
one of the people on the greatest or
I've got a new match coming out soon and
there's a photo shoot happening invited
today for all of the images for the
website and for social like Instagram
and everything like that
so we're just heading over to the studio
now just going to see how that's going
go and give them some encouragement
teaching them some new poses to strike
while Stan modeling the merch this is
awesome
nice work man yeah no way
the lover the worst fear we had to
cancel filming today we tried our best
with public videos it's all I so
dependent on how how many people want to
stop and want to get involved in the
video and today it's just too cold for
people to stop and get involved so I'm
gonna try again tomorrow
lost him in London if that doesn't work
then I'm gonna try again on the weekend
less people will be working and in a
Russian on the way to meetings and stuff
hopefully on the weekend people be more
okay to stop and get involved festive
studio
the studio is sick although it's hot
it's fine yeah here you go I got your
back man we're in town
no I just got you one I don't how warm
it's gonna be no I I've got two juices
just got back oh you can't even see me
hey there we go just got back home now
and it's time to pack up pack a little
bag a little suitcase because tonight
Zoe and I often wow this room is messy
oh my gosh
tomorrow we're in London all day
Christmas shopping through booked a
hotel up there tonight so we can drive
up hopefully if we've got time when we
get there but I don't trust that we
definitely will because London traffic
is just insane but hopefully we're gonna
have time to go to winter wonderland
tonight which is going to be fun if we
can make it and then tomorrow during the
day we're Christmas shopping all day in
London which will be nice that's the
plan that's why we're going there to get
tons hopefully all of hopefully finish
all of the Christmas have we only got
one light bulb left working and now
hopefully we're gonna finish all of the
Christmas shopping tomorrow guys check
this we have one bulb left that is
working all the others have like died
just at a shower so that I'm feeling all
fresh and ready for London whoa Harlow
is like a greyhound running this morning
I at the 12th of Maverick or madman
calendar but today's actually the 14th
so I've got the 13th to open you had
good sized chocolate in here good
because sometimes you get chocolates
that are in different shapes then you
get done over the zombies are smaller
than others yeah
I apologize about the bad light that say
is little bit creepy but in fact about
the song I saw Beth Ditto perform this
live in Brighton yeah she performs have
no shoes on she got into the crowd put
the microphone to my mouth yeah yeah got
all of her security to push everyone out
the way we were hugging each other she
was sweaty as heck both singing into the
microphone together over to this song as
soon as she got back on the stage just
like she doesn't care she has no shoes
on here she went to his head we just
cuddle it up hugging each other
singing into the one microphone and all
the crowds of pushback is just me in her
so funny
zip invited like 10 years ago
certain somebody could be watching at
like you want we just got to London this
camber lighting is awful we're gonna
jump in the taxi go to our hotel we
don't have Park in our hotel so that's
wrong just somewhere random in London
that we could actually get parking and
pay for we're gonna jump in also I'm
gonna need an edamame for the whole this
hold of these grips in this journey I'm
putting them into a water bottle once
I've eaten the Beach Hotel we've just
jumped in a taxi we're driving through
Londoners there are so many amazing
Christmas lights driving through London
I've got a super wide angle lens on the
camera we've just arrived in the hotel
you know there's like a secret door in
the wall have you seen that way there's
a secret door that's where the ghosts
live oh my god actually the last time we
were in a hotel room together
that's when legit ghost stuff happened
if you've seen the vlog you know the
vlog pls definitely don't even down in
the room it's like a sauna in here
I personally Oh fan speed and I just
need to know as you come into the
bathroom we've got this here little sink
I know and as you come on here what the
shower I don't know I always give hotel
room tours you guys probably don't care
I told the toilet and the bathtub where
the little TV in it as you do you know
doesn't everyone just have a TV in their
bath no I don't actually know anyone who
actually has a TV in their bath in
person in their house they have burrata
on the menu I only know hotel rooms to
do that I don't know any individuals to
do that that I have one you have a TV in
their bath actually in their house not
just in a hotel and then this here is
our room we've got one little edit desk
here cuz I would edit the vlog we've
got my edit desk there for me to edit
the vlog and then absolutely joy in bed
this is the best bit in here they have
what oh my gosh this is the best bin
here Oh someone's at the door anywhere
perfect as I've shown you a minute ago
this is the best bit all the little
snacks up here of course the djinns is
there gin of course their bloomin is
this Hendrix okay I'm happy
booked rosewater gin and snacks Zoey can
I see you do a front-flip on the bed go
on you got that the bed is so big you
find cut you can't possibly hurt
yourself without using your hands
stand on the bed and dry do a front-flip
d100 my god again doesn't know there's
not dirt anymore
I'm fit the camera way I filmed a clip
downstairs on my blog camera as we were
checking in can I show you the price of
the most expensive room in this hotel it
will blow your mind like the only place
I've ever seen a hotel room that
expensive is in Dubai there's a hotel
room there's a hotel room for forty six
thousand pound there were four thousand
pounds a night which is unbelievable but
I kind of but I believe it you know I
mean that is really stick for somewhere
in London that it can be that extortion
thank you yo this looks so good we've
got a burrata a starter oh my god she
literally got so much mash tomato pasta
bolognese and some spinach and of course
oh that's cute they give us little
muffins some bread
