we're going downstairs together while my
voice is so low going to wake up nan it
together today I said wake up she's
definitely Audia weight she's just
sitting that watchin go and then go and
then go and then oh she's trying to
bring the toy out but it was too big
good morning guys
mana croak croak II can't croaking my
voices today right should we do a
weather check shall I show you how
beautiful the day is tell them the time
okay so it's twenty prosper in the
morning oh hello it's gonna be twenty
seven today oh yeah I heard it's a heat
wave today 27 degrees Celsius in London
because I like that's really London
today oh and I'm right not Fahrenheit
Celsius 27 degrees I don't know what
that is in Fahrenheit in London today
it's going to be 32 to put it this way
when we were in Mykonos on holiday on
our family holiday that was like 30 31
today in London is going to be 32 let me
just sit down and chat with ya
I've met you going to the gym this
morning at 9 o'clock but last night at 2
a.m. my chest was going in saying you
know I had that crazy chest pain last
year and and this year's was it's still
going on but it's just not as frequent
anymore it was basically diagnosed as
like really really bad acid reflux and I
had loads of like checks and Hospital
stuff and biopsies taken things and then
it viewer then if you're watching the
videos back then and there's certain
foods and things that I do that trigger
my chest hurting for example eating moss
laying down eating chocolate drinking
caffeine stuff like that so I try and
make sure that I stay away from all of
those things fizzy drinks as well I
don't drink but I must have had
something yesterday the only thing I can
think it possibly could have
Ben would have been one of those two
juices yesterday because both of those
juices I had I'd never had before so
maybe it was something in there that
disagreed with my chest but I was
literally awake in like agony sitting on
the floor taking like gaviscon lighting
crazy crippling chest pain for like over
an hour last night to the point where I
text my trainer at half past three in
the morning saying man I know it's the
middle of the night but I'm not gonna be
able to train at 9:00 a.m. tomorrow
because I'm just going to be so tired
so that canceled the gym today but I'm
feeling I'm feeling not too bad I just
had not too much sleep but the weather
is lovely and nothing we're going to go
into some fun straightaway it's super
early today
wait good nigga go so we're off today to
stammer Park that is where we're going
so we've got to get dressed get ready so
are you in the shower oh is that your
wee that loud oh that is the showers
gonna so that is a loud wee
right and back in then then they were
just doing like a aha little rabbit
chillin then they were just do like a
fire alarm check or something just
popping in to the pet shop to grab some
things for the guinea pigs one do we
normally get lavender medium fill up we
get this medium wood shavings and one of
these and now the actual reason that
we've come in its to grab too long leads
here we go
training line ten meter are they got any
longer ones you sharing a drink
you're literally you've got like a
baby's bottle for your dogs so we're
just having some breakfast sat out in
the Sun relaxing in my tank top a lean
breakfast this is called I was gonna
explain what it is but you guys can see
what it is
Zoe's gone for the full English she
wants gone full English Poppy's gonna
lean breakfast with salmon this looks
delicious
do you guys still behave in Nala are you
behaving why do you always pretend to be
good on the camera and sit down you're
naughty in real life heading up into the
countryside into the woods to go on a
walk it is incredibly hot here so we're
having to having to get into the woods
get into the shade look at it up here
it's amazing
hey Missy hey Missy Nala Mazon I should
have all my PB sunglasses left them in
the car Nala is on a long lead like 10
meters 10 meters she would be fine off
the lead it's just other dogs other dogs
she runs too so I bought this today
never ever tried this before with her
and I'm gonna try and whistle train her
so I blow the whistle every time she
comes through so I give her a treat so
he's loving nervous yes to love what the
noise is because if we had the Bell you
know the little Bell she does at home
if we did that and she came she would
know to get a tree good girl good girl
good boy right now let's try a little
bit further away when they're not paying
attention lets you happens this is two
vlogs in a row that I've been in the
woods now this song is just a park that
this isn't Dave's house the woods
yesterday
it's literally Dave's house how crazy is
that this is so nice and cold in here
the dogs are going to love there I've
never seen a pug fetch sticks the dew of
a stick bob is funny
fuzzy boy
you went past it may you missed it
someone is loving their life you
enjoying yourself you exploring busy boy
look at him come in we got a tree in
your heart in your pocket no no forget
it
why do I do oh good boy you guys tired
all it is running back now Robbie look
up there oh it's a floating leaf look at
this leaf just floating in the air
look at that leaf how crazy is that
here's a concealer company yes sorry so
mad hey buddy hey 83 are you gonna
stroke him nah let's just trot on a
stinging nettle or something and she's
been authentic and work walk as soon as
you pick her up she happens to be fine
Nala you being carried I think she just
stood on a twig or something on her back
right that she's hurt at she's only hurt
it when she's trying to walk on out
which makes me think that she's knowing
true pain this is gonna be good for my
muscles I can Makarios off are you
feeling sorry for yourself yeah
we feel a little poorly fur you feelin
sorry for yourself you're cuddling your
little toy we've just finished up a
meeting that lasted about two hours at
the house very very very successful just
a meeting couldn't really film it and
now I now chase on his waiver will you
do with your foot dancin chaise on his
waiver he's jumped on the train from
London to hang out with me today and I
don't really know what we're going to
get up to we want to do something fun
but we don't have a plan yet so
hopefully he's got something planned
what do you want what do you want
you want an autograph okay call awesome
I just let you in I got one of my books
waiting for you here you go ma'am
there's your book is my senior the
second one yeah have you got the second
one okay wait there one minute he go
mate there's no other sign it as well
see you later right did you let him in
can I get your Oscar I've got the gelato
out everybody what flavors are there
today Zoey but Oleta yesterday brownie
oh my gosh chip cookie no um banana
custard raspberry pavlova Dada scoff and
carrot cake miss Coco yo-yo so it
doesn't look like we've been out but I
have in fact just been out with Jay
doing something that I felt so weird I
felt like I was doing something illegal
look hmm so you guys know that I love to
buy shoes I have an obsession with shoes
and shoes that have just come out and
shoes that are no longer available
because some shoes are super hard to get
you have to you can't like queue up in
the shop and get them because they're
like they're like and I imagine like an
iPhone on release day but then they
never ever come out again that's what
shot some shoes are like so Yeezys like
this pair here that
or once they come out they never ever
ever go on sale again so there's like
one boatload it's kind of like the
limited dis merch that I do except from
a lot more rare because they're like
collectible shoes so I've contacted the
guy in Brighton who basically buys shoes
and then sells them on so I just went
and bought a pair of Yeezys off of him
and a pair of these nmds that I really
really wanted I'll show you what both of
them look like so the nmds all just
hopped on the floor brand new with the
tags on and everything I like this
super cool and quite out there those
ones actually
and then the easies don't put it on let
me just open them up here like this
these look like behind the camera looks
like the color of already got these are
tan these are tan uses but obviously as
I'm buying shoes off of like a random
guy or he's not a random guy here's a
shoe dealer like is actually a thing
though I watched a documentary on
YouTube about few dealers in New York
anyways I bought these shoes off of this
shoe dealer in Brighton and I have to
pay cash I never I never get have cash
out so I just had to buy shoes off in
cash I felt like I was luckily I went
inside his house and I even met his mom
and I'm guessing it was his brother or
something and what you do in the poking
your head in sorry
I'll go it sorry I'll go in the other
room I went to his house and I met his
mom and like looked at all the shoes cuz
he's got like 30 pairs he's selling at
the moment or something so was all it
was all like legit and like friendly and
nice it wasn't a scary experience but
buying shoes for like cash from somebody
and not from a shop I was like okay this
could be weird this could go imagine if
I just go out the car and then somebody
was just there like y'all give me the
cash I haven't even got the shoes
anyways it was all good I just thought
I'd let you know because I just some
super super excited it's got two new
pairs of shoes and I felt like guys
doing some dodgy kind of deal set for it
was all good because it was like in his
house of his bedroom nos ran to his mom
and stuff and on the way back Trey
picked up a pizza so he's a half bloomin
heck have you got enough stuff on there
bro
yeah have you seen how much stuff is on
my pizza look at that there's a whole
vegetable patch she put you to bed she
put you to bed little one put you to bed
yeah
she put a bed little one this like me
it's the following day everybody I
didn't want to end the vlog last night
because Zoey was fast asleep in bed so I
thought you know what I'm gonna let her
stay asleep without going okay guys I'm
all tucked up in bed and waking her up
like I do every single night so I hope
you enjoyed the video if you don't judge
my hair by the way my hair looks like a
nest on my hand today you'll see in
tomorrow's video if you enjoyed the vlog
give it a big old thumbs up don't know
what else to say 7 thank you so much for
watching subscribe if you haven't
already your task today let's go I'm
going to give you an exact number your
task today is 26,000 721 thumbs up that
is your task you have to get that exact
number go down below give the video a
thumbs up I will catch you tomorrow good
night it's my kind of Christmas like to
look at that house oh yeah it's got
lights on there this is my new home
