it's piggy get piggy can you get piggy
go in there and go doo-doo-doo-doo ha ha
ha oh no Miss Piggy Oh Noddy you just
bit my finger you've never met me before
but you didn't mean to you meant to get
your piggy good morning guys good
morning good morning
how you doing I've just got back from
the gym I'm feeling incredibly energized
because today instead of going to the
gym at 9 o'clock my trainer and I
trained at 11 o'clock which meant I got
2 hours more energy before working out
and it actually made a difference I find
incredibly hard to go up in the mornings
and if you find it hard to get up in the
morning training at 9 a.m. is incredibly
hard and that is what I did four times
last week this week kicked it off Monday
morning we went to the gym 11 o'clock on
the way back I picked up an almond and
milk spelt with a Y and this is
activated almonds alkaline water dates
peanut butter matcha vanilla coconut
nectar and Himalayan pink salt and I got
a green juice literally green look at it
it looks like moldy been here there is
more or less the same kind of stuff with
wall plant protein pea and hemp and
spirulina and the in spirulina makes you
like poo yourself hopefully that won't
happen today just me you today me and
you hanging out being best pals give me
some respect
Oh savage just got rejected I should try
and teach not of that because she can
high-five and she can pour but she can't
respect up here good girl sit right
there I'm going to get some treats out
of this little box you still waiting
good girl poor
good girl what respect yeah ow
blue Minette respect respect respect ah
respect yeah you're gonna cut my hand
but you did it there you go ah this has
been
in the whole time there we go that was
easy to teach you how to respect but you
just ended up scratching my hand anyways
I'm going to eat my breakfast drink my
juices jump in the shower get dressed
we've got a very very exciting day today
I'm going to hang out of one of my
friends Dave and I don't really know
what we're going to be getting up to I
think he's bought a hut like it's on
wheels is kind of light I think he's
going to be living in it
it's a hut but it's on wheels and it has
two bedrooms and it's like it looks
super super old-school
he bought it on eBay and I think today
we're gonna go and see it and check it
out I don't know we just will get after
you to see what happens
whoa good girl there you go
I'm yet to explain anything we finished
up having lunch it was delicious tiny
little pub I'm gonna leave it down to
Dave to explain what's going on and
where we are we're currently in the
middle of nowhere
well welcome to the woods
I call it Corcovado which is a place I
went to in Costa Rica which is the most
biologically diverse place in the world
and this is 25 acres of pure heaven
really and Alethea is my first guest
today I got the keys the other day where
the audio so good there's just nothing
here completely quiet and I'm we're just
imagining what to do with it so I'm
thinking about a volleyball court over
here and we're like and I like he's
actually being serious I like Dave
Davies going you're gonna live on here
oh look at my face I'm I'm 100% in ten
days my my shepherd's hut turns up which
is like well we're gonna go see it
tonight yeah semi converted little tiny
home basically that I'm going to put in
over there and then put a golf hole in
the volleyball court so whoa yeah this
is literally 25 acres of just natural
playground yeah a wild it's a wise or
any good trees to climb oh maybe there's
150 year old ancient veteran oak trees
which are like they're kind of like the
godfathers of the
so we have to respect them yeah yeah
we'll just give them a card when we get
to the top does every week are busy no
cause it doesn't mean my private line on
you just can't hurt them yeah yeah I
think they would like a zip line I'm
being serious they would they would like
they would appreciate yet they're strong
I'll show you something there's one
called Goliath I'll show you my very
first golf shot your first ever shot
here my first ever shot I'm gonna try
and get it between these wires and land
about 100 yards down there this is
embarrassing here we go Micah we have it
not bad not bad
probably lost it but your turn mate I'll
turn mine is good is it
oh yeah I know you got the sports kills
Elfi yeah this floor spongy in it yeah
Oh God
go my but you need to spend a bit of
time down there practicing you found it
that's lucky yes Eddie out that first
time yeah okay all right shot three
hundred and fifty see it's hard to know
where to put it straight this time we
call that one a worker Alfie yeah joke
on we can eat them after this well go oh
here's a good one
well I just munched it in my finger haha
that's good but um I think good done
with another couple of weeks I'm gonna
grow potatoes yeah I'm gonna go potatoes
and I want to get the right apple trees
going cuz I'm not sure if they're out if
they're I'm cooking apples or eating
apples but I want to get the basics
going on so if anyone watching this
video has any good eco fun ideas that
Dave can do on this land let us know how
that is the guy we're jumping back in
the car we've been exploring walking
around all of the 25 acres it's crazy
guys we're off to go and see how do I
explain what we're going to say it's
called a Shepherd's heart but these days
people call them tiny home so I haven't
I like that tiny home I bought it on
eBay
check it to the guy and we're going to
go and he made it so we go go and City
so if we don't like it he's like yo this
took me Mom so I made this I'm gonna be
agony awkward conversation oh no
we have no idea where we're going we've
got some some instructions that danger
and down there basically say drive into
a look so you shouldn't be driving then
just carry on is this it
left or not that is that that's just
straight up forest isn't it yeah that
looks like your house I want to see your
reaction for when you see this I thought
fill me cool go any closer to it guns
unless right OH oh my gosh that's it
he's right there
hey dougie oh it's fine I'm the
Christmas lights I look at that house oh
yeah it's got lights on there this is my
new home is it open yeah go on in I've
got there is a full set of keys for it
this is a bit this is so much bigger
than white door oh yeah yeah wait did
you build this I'll bill that yeah oh my
gosh anything so what about the mother
lode you come look at it it's been
chucking in though don't worry about the
tournament that's your hot water hot or
a electric heating on the table or
underneath underneath the cupboard I'll
have to explain numerous things to the
white stain I've spent with mulch and
paint on it
that's that control don't worry about
water amazing so it fridge microwave
underlay one fridge and microwave no I
comes why I can actually be straight up
living in there this connector that's my
actually what Oh seriously fold up are
the deal ah look at this winter warmers
though may look at the light awesome
I've got I'll have to explain things
okay I win you give us over a room tour
check it out oh oh it is be that boudoir
Alfie the boudoir
that's a standard double no trace of it
so yeah really run is fix happy on this
easy child-friendly divide on kids fall
out okay I know you fell out so easy to
us useful ease
I see us then just to stop these is
money bumping on that's a smart justice
twin you got kid so much thank you from
all up done it'll keep doing it yeah
perfect what they do you can have a
thinking this is killer
oh yes oh you have got halfway with yeah
but what I mean I haven't got the
electrics
no no no there's a cable he's laying
there if you turn that tap on yeah yeah
that's that's long this is much mad this
is that so why to the fuse block
with wide ingenue so thing your pattern
yeah the other end of our table is at
the fuse box willing to be blondie come
if you've got to go to my shop
Mike yeah that's it okay it's me hold it
I will no I'm not going to keep all I
need to do is go to some aforementioned
home where store get a electric shower
bug in here and then there's water here
and electric here and I go yeah shower
is done and the floor sink toilet what
lights up flat again yes little shelves
as well amazing um it's you you have
totally nailed this man look at these
look at that put a little bit stiff good
hadn't been used I think when you use it
it'll win wearing it's one of these
different this is a whole new world over
the view isn't it you got user again
inside these ancient in here
foam insulation then the squeegee wakil
insulation again the time group the main
thing I can be in it oh yeah yeah it's
ready to roll it's ready to roll yes
this is like a because the whole point
is I want to start from scratch on my
own but all these people need to get
going step to come off I am excited is
that I was better and I for didn't be
anywhere
I just as long as we can get the lorry
man to pick him up properly and drop him
off properly I think it's fine I think
yeah you just have to hire somebody who
is used to doing like delicate the pros
we need a pro yeah whose glacier there's
things like that that go to like
collectable events all the time and they
have to be taken like gently yeah like
all those burger like burger van
and things like that that all needs
proper okay no yeah even these kinds of
old Rick Butler antique events yeah
Dave's dropping me back home and just
grabbing a hot chocolate for the car
journey make it so this is cool
oh no it's missing what hello hey baby
what what's happened yeah no I threw it
away because you never ever eat them I
do eat them they're my favorite
you always ordered them you forget to
eat them it's on the receipt yeah so
just to make sure you didn't forget it I
put it in the fridge for you yeah yeah
did you order me there uh I texted you
order me dinner hi gorgeous why do you
blame me you know cuz I would love to
have dinner with you and you didn't
reply to me no I didn't reply I just
ordered it because I was literally five
minutes away and outside there's no
point reply and I'll be home in five
minutes then I get home and are you
already ordered the food so I decided it
was my fault so I've got no dinner
tonight and we let you have nothing in
the fridge and Zoe's had her dinner so
they really know what to do I really
want to show you what we went to go and
see today what do you mean see today I
showed you a picture oh yeah should we
put you to bed now
she be to bed you're so funny
you're like a little kid he doesn't want
the good bed see just pretend that
you're asleep we gonna be she's so funny
at nighttime see you in the morning
gorgeous
no no
all right I'm all tucked up into bed
after a very exciting day like I feel
like for the entire day I was just like
a 11 out of 10 excited at the
possibilities of the forest
there's Dave's house like that forest is
his land he has 25 acres to play around
with and make like an eco Haven he wants
to keep it all electric and like
solar-powered and suffer that's there's
not going to be I've straightaway said I
want to get some quad bikes on whether
he's ok you can get quad bikes on there
so they have to be electric you kind of
federal got bikes suffering research in
tonight and stuff it's so cool it's so
so cool I want to try and buy a hammock
as well and try and get one that like
covers over the top so I can get bit by
any bugs at nighttime and sleep in a
hammock there and I don't know if you
guys have any fun ideas of things that
Dave can do there with his friends with
his family long term short term whatever
zip lines golf course or not golf course
but like one golf hole then comment out
below
I'm going to catch you guys tomorrow
because that's kinda past midnight and
I've got the gym at 9 a.m. so I need to
get some sleep get a video thumbs up if
you enjoyed it if you'd love to the
little hop give the video a thumbs up to
let us know I think it was insane like
it was so much better than what I
thought it was going to be I thought
it's just going to yak I thought it's
just going to be like a tiny little
shack and you wouldn't even get to sleep
in it
but it's got like a proper double bed
and the downstairs seating area turns
into a double bed as well and the single
is insane
alright I got you guys to my subscribe
if you haven't already good night
do not put it in direct contact with our
sensitive organ thank you now if pain
persists bathe entire body in fresh
goat's milk and cry
