do not put in direct contact with our
sensitive organ like your mouth if pain
persists bathe entire body in fresh
goat's milk and cry good morning guys
good morning if you took part in the
challenge of doing something nice and
passing on this message then let me know
how it went my voice sounds really
croaky considering I didn't drink last
night I drove and I literally just had
mocktails so non-alcoholic cocktails hi
then oh you're having a lovely day it's
the weekend it's currently Saturday I've
got a video going up the same day you're
watching this that you guys have been
waiting for for so so long I'm sure
you'll already know I went to Mykonos
with my family this year is me Zoe poppy
sure my mum and my dad and I took this
time off of vlogging because I just
wanted to relax and not have to film
everything of everyone like people in
swimming costumes they might not be
comfortable and stuff like that anyways
I took the time off for vlogging however
I did kind of vlog one of the days I
didn't do any speak into camera but I'm
or just shot like a little artsy video
of what we were up to on one of the days
so that is going to be going up on my
other YouTube channel pointlessblog the
same time you're watching this the exact
same time and the music the song that
I've used is a song called weight in
gold by gallant and is so-so
I know you guys are going to love the
video suppose this one pause this vlog
right now click the link down below go
show it some love go and give it a
thumbs up go check it out go leave some
lovely comments let's have a weather
check we haven't done this in a while we
used to do a weather check every morning
dun dun dun do you see what I mean it's
like gray but can see little bits of
blue poking through there I feel like it
could be a really nice day if you just
give it like an hour or so see you later
Radhi hope
righty-ho righty-ho so today we've got a
really really busy day why am I like to
sing rapping today we've got a super fun
exciting day so you know my good old
buddy old pal Roman Atwood II and
Brittany you know Roman and Brit if you
don't you're missing out their videos
are amazing well they're on a world tour
at the moment with mr. Fuji to be as
well and tonight is their show in London
we've been trying to plan to hang out
I've been inviting them over here
they've been invite me over there for
literally like the last year we've been
trying to get dates together so that I
can stay with them or they can serve me
it just hasn't worked out but as I said
it's their London show tonight and
London's only like an hour away from me
so I've just been texting Brit now I'm
gonna go grab lunch for me and Zoe it's
lunchtime at the moment and then I'm
gonna get my butt up to London to go
hang out with them and probably end up
just seeing their show tonight as well
because they've got their they've got a
meet-and-greet from 4 until 6 and then
the show from 8 until 10 I think we're
just going to hang out dry and have some
fun try and do some exploring them no
it's raining I bet it would be a nice
day today now it's raining first stop
the coop
Zoe want some very obscure sandwich
things
darryl e cheese salt and vinegar Walkers
crisps and a French Dip
some reason
there we go every time we go in that
deli to get myself lunch I just get
carried away just get more and more
every single time I just got myself two
sandwiches I don't even need two
sandwiches they just look amazing I got
us some goodies oh not for You Missy all
right there's a plate oh my god I get
this whole thing krispies Krispies
Jeremy I also got some drinks lemonade
world elderflower and rose lemonade and
then I got a flapjack eat yummy and your
one doesn't have raisins don't worry
there's no I want the raisins and nuts
I'm sorry I didn't get you anything
you've had your I want to show them the
size of s so excited to eat I Utica your
camera no I didn't want to feel you
eating I just want them to see how big
your baguette is that you think you're
gonna eat I mean all of this okay it's
like my sandwich is like this big and
you've got like oh my gosh is it well I
think is not that huh
you know I said that we didn't get you
anything oh your poor pies geez look at
that
I'll be in Molly's we've got vanilla
scented sustainable natural roissy hey
Bubba
well that looks like one of your bath
fizzies how's that oh that's so cute I
love mohaka J yeah the packaging is
amazing should we smell your new doggie
shampoo oh wow that's cool packaging
smells like Christmas trees no smelly
yes smells like Christmas trees Oh
Wow there's two of these Oh
oh yeah drop them in the bed that's
gonna go everywhere oh god that is
disgusting maybe we should let her eat
that on the floor right come in oh she's
not gonna let you hey John got that on
the floor oh nana you're just happy it's
not on your side of the bed now no no no
Nullah my bag is packed
I got myself a jumper I'm already just
trimmed trim my beard Roman Lucy Britt
I've even just trimmed my beard for you
to look presentable to come and hang out
I was just about to order a taxi and
then my mum rang me and she said ah I
can just drop me to the station instead
if you want so mums come and pick me up
with dad to drop it to the train station
I'll see you guys in like a week no I
mean tonight we try to catch round
before
hey I see you in a month see you later
you're not gonna believe this
I've got 20 minutes until my train I
don't know ever that means that I've uh
what I don't know ever that means that I
ever miss my train or all whether I'm 20
minutes early we will just pretend that
I'm early and then it sounds like mall
organized dedication to the cause guys
and walk into the front of the train so
that I can get off first and it is
absolutely chucking it down I've let you
walk outside of the station because this
train is so long I'm going to be the
closest to the front always take the
stairs guys always take the stairs now
we had a little bit of an issue just
then I wanted to be the first off the
training I just got off of the train I
was the third one after walking all the
way to the front I took too long getting
off the train because I had packing up
my laptop and everything I just met a
couple of you guys as well who had just
been to Zoe's apartment today
competition winners they said that an
amazing time they don't like goody bags
full of stuff as well which is cool I
forget what blogging in London is like
everyone stares here right and people
are just I used to act in London
everyone's like what does that keep
doing so Roman Britain Fouzia currently
in a metre group of a ton of their
viewers so I'm off to chase house to go
and get a wagon llamas I think he's
already ordered it because he knows I
don't have much time
hey how you doing why is this not so why
is it not so right give me how long you
gonna give me no I'll give you just
until we until I leave and I'm leaving
in like I don't know a little better
don't worry about it don't worry about
it yeah what was the other question
three why do you have so many sour-sweet
well you know my job is a youtuber yes
and to be a youtuber you have to do
sweet related challenges so you just
pour a whole bloody child okay so this
are you doing the 100 layer of sour
sweet challenge like the bathtub of sour
sweet as you got some more things I got
like hot ones and sour ones in there how
many Scoville today probably nothing to
be honest they just don't taste very
nicely motor fight so I've got a present
for you oh yes nicely for you you can't
keep it you have to before I show you it
I haven't even shown these guys you have
to say whether you're gonna have someone
not before I show you what it is
I mean basically are you hardcore or not
I've got something and you have to have
a nibble if you say yes you'll have some
you're good a bad idea extroverts me
look at the top yeah 6.4 million
scovilles everybody I'm a crazy person
no I'm not doing that
6.4 million scovilles friend is insanity
if you haven't seen the video that chain
Shaun did where they at Chile let
different temperatures of Chile the
highest one they did was 140,000
scovilles and Jay was like what do you
buy in a long one hundred and forty
thousand this chocolate is called
instant regret and it's 6.4 million
scovilles does you buy that from just
online this bar contains absurdly high
amounts of Chile and is likely to cause
horrendous burning sensation it really
is supremely hot do not put in direct
contact of your eyes or sensitive organs
if pain persists bathe entire body in
fresh goat's milk and cry then seek
medical advice bathe entire body in
fresh goat's milk and cry we better
leave
Thanks one quick show me the cube has it
been solved yeah look sharing the other
side
he can't snow there right so we're
trying to work out the best way to get
to the venue right now to get a taxi all
the way there is going to like around
that location it's going to be so crazy
busy like so so busy so what we're gonna
have to do is we're gonna have to jump
in the car and then we're gonna have to
walk the rest of it to have to get there
in time Jay can't make it tonight he's
going out for dinner for a friend's
birthday I'm worried because there's
three and a half thousand people and
obviously a lot of people watch these
videos that watch Roman and watch fuzzy
and stuff so I don't know how crazy it's
going to be to get taxi there
I'm going to miss hanging out with them
it's going to take too long London
you're too crazy
we're gonna have to walk some of it we
just got at the taxi guys
we're walking I didn't know we were
going this way yeah we're going the
obvious way Jay was trying to walk some
sneaky route but I'm like right for
walking we're getting there the quickest
way possible
I'm heads down hood up just right yet
bicular there's three and a half
thousand people Jay why you say idiot
guys look how many people there are all
around that corner there holy I'm so we
walk around oh my gosh
this is nuts I'm getting in somehow
yeah then in follow-up surgeries Navi
found a route to get to the other side
I'm on your team but tonight you are oh
I'm sorry
break your camera everything you have
God remove it
where's zoella that brings me to my guys
Ben Oregon's alright she's what you know
okay Leah she had work to do but she
sends her love
I wanted to feel her love not just end
in lieu of you or see how she'll come
next time we're gonna win watch I have
no idea what to expect
wrong is when you go around
this crowds going to heat up yeah I
really want you to experience the show
it's gonna be really good cuz nobody has
to nd what to expect at our show that's
the thing my friend before when I was
with Chaya
you the same book what is the show and I
was like I know name of it and that's
about it it's actually proper you get
its proper I'm just skeptical a drag me
on Rome is already asked me if I want to
shave my head will to live in kisses you
want to shave your head
something else I learned is that a few
things and stuff about yourself that
somebody who doesn't like you is going
to use against your hurt you before they
do then they lose all power to affect
you because as long as there is no enemy
on your inside no enemy on your outside
can do you anymore so Roma did a
challenge for them one don't face with
water in a condominium water on your
head they're going to do a somebody in
the crowd now and then
I have no I've no doubt nobody else
gonna try put some of the footage inside
this blog so you guys can see what
they're picking someone to do the condom
challenge on
so guys it's the hardest thing to do in
my life is like one another so my weight
Oh
Oh first time that was mad what's the
hottest chili you've ever done
no no not make me know that what is it I
don't know but I just did this crazy
thing it just ruined my whole meet so
one of my friends the other day did a
chili challenge and it was the hottest
one that could possibly get sauce
it was 140,000 skybilz so what you don't
eat it out because it will let you ruin
the show some chalk now instead look
elegant and read the dot read the dark
how many scovilles 6.4 million
it really is supremely hard do not put
in direct contact with eyes or sensitive
organs like your mouth if pain persists
bathe entire body in fresh goat's milk
and cry that's me because when we did
the bean boozled you were instantly sick
this is just to see that pop oh I
appreciate this laughs ah I'm gonna save
this for a rainy day
Susie says he's gonna do it you gonna do
off the show yeah no you can't you can
you'll kill with it Brett you doing it
Rome is giving away his shoes
and I will get there read here we got
Roman Road at the hotel
always going on somehow it's nearly 1:00
a.m. we've all come out to try and get
some food then that's everything thank
you so much ma'am
have a good night I'm just closing it
with the blinds and turning all the
lights I really really want to end this
vlog now but I also want to talk
properly what I thought of you sets and
feces talk because it was so positive
and I'll get under it tomorrow I'm going
to end it for each my books at the time
is currently half past three I left
London at 2:00 a.m. after hanging out
with them I had such an amazing evening
I have no idea why filmed and what I
didn't but I'm just going to go to bed
now and end this vlog properly tomorrow
I slept the whole car journey home and
I'm like I'm still asleep guys it's the
next day everybody I just had the
longest sleep ever that was a late night
half past three
I want to start off by saying
congratulations on the sellout tour to
Roman and Lucy that venue was 3,600
seats and the crowd oh my gosh the
energy that was there was just
incredible like so so crazy and also the
energy from them to the show like it's
hard for youtubers I'm not gonna lie
I've probably got a to fish with my
mouth I just MIT it's hard for youtubers
to do shows like that because we film
our lives but we're not performers like
it's a weird one that we don't sing we
don't dance or so obviously some people
do but like Roman is just entertaining
he's not a singer he's not a dancer he's
not do you know I mean so to do
something on stage in front of people
went to him to captivate 3,600 people
and bring the energy that he does and
the same with fousey is incredible the
show was so positive
and inspiring I didn't want to put too
much in the vlog of what actually went
on because I don't want to leak the show
of course if you guys go and see it or
you've seen it then you know what it was
but I didn't want to ruin anything for
for the excitement of things in the
future for those two but it is insane
it's such such such a good time so
thanks guys for having me along I will
see you soon
I'm sure I want to try and fly over and
go and see Roman and Brit for a bit I
don't know when I'm that's going to LA
or anything goes the Yousef I hope you
enjoyed the video if you did it's such a
shame I tried so hard to get the clips
of me the water balloon on my face but I
couldn't get any footage at all I'm
going to try and include it in like a
future video and a try I'm still going
to try and get the footage for you and
put it into a vlog so I can show you
what actually happened to me on the
stage because it was hilarious but I
couldn't I couldn't get any footage in
time because obviously I'm editing this
in the morning and it goes up in the
evening so they've nobody's had time to
really send me the footage yet but I
will do my best if you enjoyed the video
if you enjoyed the show if you enjoy me
hanging out with the guys and Britt and
everyone give the video a massive thumbs
up smash it let me know I will catch you
tomorrow with the brand new vlog which
is today for me I'm having a fun day at
such lovely weather today also like I
said it beginning the video there was a
new main channel video going at the same
time you are watching this link is down
below go check it out go shirts and love
it's my family holiday some drone
footage really cool music you'll see
I'll catch it to my guy
goodnight I am so sweaty it's
unbelievable
I need to get home
