I am so sweaty is unbelievable I need to
get home and get in the shower my
fitness and cardio needs to improve well
close your eyes yeah they don't open
them no peek in its panna chocolate if I
don't Oh cinnamon thank you
close your eyes got your number present
what's your background everyone it's
gonna be my blooming earring I bet you
have a look oh my god that's not even
funny
that's horrible where did you even get
that from someone just tweeted me yet
how how is someone else got that I've
never looked so just just gross in my
life how have people got that it's not
the seeing your vlog isn't it maybe I
did I think that was in my thumbnail
actually or is that miles longer today
someone's bug it's last kind of all I
filmed yesterday I just got stuck in
meetings and phone calls and things that
weren't good to fill so it's been a
while since I did my last Q&A so I
thought I would fill this video the rest
of the video the vast majority of the
video I'm so sorry for the lack of
content that I filmed today I truly am
tomorrow which is today for me I'm off
to London to go and hang out roaming out
with Britt and fouseytube
so you're gonna have an amazing vlog
tomorrow and I've got a great main
channel pointlessblog video going up on
Sunday at 5 p.m. as well but today I've
just tweeted now saying hashtag ask
pointlessblog
go go go so what we're going to do is
we're just going to turn this little
video into a Q&A I hope that's a game of
you if it's not then you can click off
the video but I'm going to still going
to be fun it's still going to be a fun
video it's just going to be a Q&A Alisha
asked what's my favorite song at night
this is a hard one because I've recently
started listening to the radio since I
Drive now or since like January I
I listen to the radio a lot which
obviously means that I'm being
introduced to much more music but it
also means that I don't know what I'm
listening to because it's just playing
by itself on the radio and I'm driving
my car and I don't know the name of the
songs this might surprise you but just
going to go over comm one we're gonna go
Callum Scott dancing on my own I tweeted
it the other day and you follow me on
Twitter this song here okay that's
probably my favorite song at the moment
I love that song as so much I just put
on repeat when I'm in the car this is an
interesting one who is your favorite
youtuber to watch and why I actually
watched so much YouTube like I don't
think people realize like yes I make
youtube videos every day but I would say
I'm just as much a viewer as I am like a
youtuber like a video maker like I
watched so many youtubers let me go on
my youtube history and see what I've
been watching recently david dobrik
Roman app word Joey Graceffa Yousef oli
white my own vlog that's definitely not
embarrassing Ben Brown
Troy Colin Furze love Colin Furze if you
haven't checked out his videos you need
to go and check them out ever
blackberries new YouTube channel loving
that now this is living Miranda now this
is living sprinkleofglitter zurka I've
watched so many blooming youtubers I
don't think you guys even understand I
love watching daily vlogs like I love I
think it's just the nosy instinct or
being able to look into somebody else's
life that I'm not friends with that I
wouldn't be able to although I do
actually watch some of my friends daily
vlogs as well but people that I don't
get to see every day just to know what
they've been up to
like I thought is that maybe that's why
you guys watch these videos I don't
really know and one of my favorite
youtubers to watch at the moment and his
content is very different to mine he
uploads I think it's three times a week
his name is david dobrik i DM din the
other day like bro i absolutely love
your videos you're killing it keep it up
and he is IA man I love your videos too
so David if you're watching I love your
videos at the moment man
and you guys need to all go check back
if you haven't already david / che in
fact to introduce me to him only
recently and i love this stuff
what's the best trick you've taught Nala
oh and this is a hard one I didn't know
she can do it the standards like sit lay
down she likes spins round in circles if
you tell her turn she can give you a
poor she can high-five you I think the
best one would still be where is it is
it down there it's not down there
Zoe has like a little bell and if you
put the bell on the floor and tell it to
ring the bell she'll run up and like hit
the Bell no good ding um I don't know
that's a bit weird but yeah that's
probably the best what TV series would
you recommend to watch I haven't really
watched that many TV series but the ones
that I do watch I absolutely love lot of
course stranger things if you haven't
seen stranger things I don't know why
you're even watching this video because
you should be going to watch it it's so
good and Zoe no I've just saw watching a
program called like one something right
let me have a go let me find out what
the name of it is hello
what's that TV series we've just started
watching it so one something is now one
of us perfect thank you
one of us and yes I did just call Zoe
while she's literally upstairs
it's a BBC TV series and there is a guy
that is put in a cage you'll find out
why you have to go and watch it he's
basically putting a cage in a farm and
there's about eight or ten people there
everyone goes to bed and leaves this guy
in the cage when they come back in the
morning he's been killed
like actually murdered by one of them
and nobody will admit who and they're
all trying to work out themselves who
did it the police are trying to work out
where he's gone it's really really good
I've only watched at 2 or 3 episodes but
it's good you should go check it out
somebody called forever sug says tips on
YouTube now YouTube is such a hard-on
because there is no formula there is no
thing that can make you popular on
YouTube at all like you can literally
get a shout out from the biggest
youtuber in the entire world and your
videos be rubbish and you get tons of
subscribers and then nobody ends are
watching them and at the same time you
can make a
videos have barely any subscribers and
get tons and tons of views on the videos
that you do upload YouTube is as simple
as the people that watch YouTube all of
you guys and myself I watch tons of
YouTube videos we get to choose who is
popular on YouTube because when you
watch TV you don't get to actually
choose which programs get a lot of views
because the most popular channels by
like have the TV shows playing on them
so for example X Factor is always going
to get a lot a lot a lot of views
because it's on a great Channel at a
great time with YouTube everyone is
exactly equal I press the same upload
button as savers or Zoi presses the
upload button bazooey has 10 million
subscribers and I have 5 million
subscribers I know I press the same
upload button as maybe you watching this
video
everybody is exactly equal and the
people that watch the videos choose how
many views how popular how many
subscribers etc these videos get so it's
a hard one to give advice on the only
thing I would say is make sure you are
having fun that is the most important
thing I love love love making YouTube
videos and that is purely why I do it
number 2 is consistency if they don't
get a lot of views you're not happy with
them your videos will improve I'm
probably gonna watch this video back in
a couple of months and be like waters
are doing that was the worst video but
right now I'm enjoying making it so I
don't mind keep doing if you're enjoying
it do it for that reason and it doesn't
matter about the views it doesn't matter
about it likes it doesn't matter about
the subscribers make sure you're having
fun I don't know it's a hard one just
make tons of videos that you love making
and just have fun see what happens just
because it gets less views or more views
or whatever that doesn't mean it's more
successful the success should be how
much fun you'll have in making the video
and the outcome and the project like one
of my friends has recently started
making videos and she said she watched
her video about the other day and this
and it hadn't even gone on youtube yet
she let you just finish internet press
play to watch it through before it goes
live and started crying because she
loved the video so much that is what
it's about
so that enjoying making the videos when
was the last time you in contact with
Troy boy and are you gonna see him soon
Troy and I were literally text in like
last week or week four it was on the
wane I was on the way into edit right
the whole the whole car journey join our
would just text in and I think he's
going to come over actually and stay
with Zoe and I for a couple of days
which would be nice I haven't I've
thought I saw him like after your show
the other day in London but I haven't
but I haven't seen him like properly
properly Nate we haven't had a proper
cuddle and I did I went on set some
lunch like yo I want you to bring some
pajamas one us and just get some
takeaway on the sofa and just watch TV
and relax so that's our plan so he's
gonna he's gonna come over soon this is
a great question to leave it on and I'm
not going to answer it myself I'm gonna
leave all of you guys to answer in the
comments okay so this question is from
Sophia and she asks if you could do and
take it take some time to think okay
take some time to think about this
answer if you could do one kind thing
for someone else what would it be and
why one thing for anybody and only one
person what would it be as a really
tough question comment your answer down
below guys I'm going to read through all
of them I'm going to reply to a ton of
them and right now I need to get my butt
out of here I need to get to the train
station get on a train and go and see
Roman Brit and fuzzy in London for their
show tonight I hope you enjoyed this
video I know it's a little bit different
everybody I'm sorry that it wasn't full
daily vlog but they just got carried
away and taken away from me I was just
busy I was just doing things that
weren't worth filming give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it thank you so
much as always for the love and the
support you guys are the best I hope you
enjoyed the challenge that I set you and
yesterday's video how you've taken it in
and you've done something nice for
somebody else and I'll catch you
tomorrow good bye guys
send in your alert it's not just
probably the most multi looking one I
feel that really might struggle being
allergic to nuts
