good morning gorgeous
good morning good morning guys good
morning right can we talk about how
blooming intense my gym workout was this
morning like honestly I had to stop for
about 10 minutes in the middle of that
and just I and I just told my trainer if
I carry on I'm literally going to be
sick like my breakfast is just it's not
going to agree with me look at the Sun
in my eyes it's so sunny today
like you can't it you can't even barely
see me I've got a challenge for you
today something positive I'm just going
to get you close the blind because
unless you can't blog it's too bright
there we go I've got a challenge for you
guys today I want you tomorrow to do
something nice for somebody have a
little think about it tonight
and do something for somebody tomorrow
that you know is going to make a
difference to them it's going to
brighten up their day it's going to make
them smile it's going to make them happy
whether that's helping an old lady
across the road whether that's given a
family member a lift in your car because
they can't drive and you can't drive
whether that's going up to the one kid
in your class that nobody speaks to and
having a chat with them and making
friends with them your task is to do one
good deed for somebody and all I want
you to say to them after you've done
this deed one thing is ask them the
following day so the day after you've
done the nice thing to them to do
something nice to somebody else in
return try and pass on this good deed
try and pass on
is positivity this this gesture we're
going to try and work it around the
world slowly so every day they're
probably about let's just say half a
million people that are going to watch
this video right now so if every single
one of you did something nice to
somebody else tomorrow big or small
whatever it is you ask them to do
something nice to somebody else the
following day that will be 1 million
people spreading positivity and
hopefully that person that you tell to
do something nice will tell the person
that they're doing something nice to to
also do something nice to somebody else
and that person will do something nice
to help somebody else and they're going
to tell that person to tell somebody
else and we're going to pass this
message around everybody we're going to
create some positivity in this world I
step on line I step on my house and I
see so much negativity and hurt and
bullying going on that I just ask you
one small thing today starting with me
all I ask for you in return for making
this video is that you do one nice thing
for somebody else whether you know them
or whether you don't and ask that person
in return to do something nice to
somebody else and starting tomorrow
we're going to make this world a more
positive and more happy place I promise
you like I just said my body is aching
so much from the gym but I'm taking that
as a positive sign of how much hard work
I'm putting into the gym I've trained
three times this week early in the
morning had breakfast before I went to
the gym
normally I don't even eat breakfast you
guys know I struggled to get up in the
mornings you guys know I struggled to
eat breakfast in the morning but not
this week not this week today is such an
exciting day and I know you watching
this you know why this is exciting
because you've been waiting for this day
for so long it's been so long since I
released a new item of merchandise and
you guys go absolutely crazy over all of
this PB stuff that I do I walk out the
streets every time I go to town every
time I go to the supermarket I'm I go
somewhere I see one of you guys I see
two of us I see ten of you guys wearing
my merchandise it makes me so happy
like I just hope that if you see
somebody wear my merchandise in the
street that you go over to them you tell
them hey I also watch out this video
it's let's chat what are you up to today
let's go grab a coffee together let's
make friends let's talk you guys are
going to be sharing so much in common by
watching this videos every single day
that if you see somebody walking around
the streets wearing a piece of my
merchandise wearing a necklace with a
poster with one of my books you know
that it's so likely that you're going to
get on with those people and you can
make friends look around in your school
to see who else is using a pp notebook
and going over chat with them go and
make friends with today right now as you
are watching this and you're gonna have
to be quick there is a new item or P B
much available now let me just quickly
says in that verse because I don't want
to go on and on about it in this video
too much I don't this whole blog just to
be promoting this merchandise that's not
what these videos are about this is just
an extra little something that I do for
you guys because we have fun doing it
now when I buy merchandise in buy buy
like one big bulk load and when that
runs out of stock I buy more in and
that's how it works like a bigger buy a
big boat loading at once now the item
that is coming up today I barely bought
any in because I want it to be like
super exclusive I want it to be like if
you have a pair of these you're one of
you're one of a very very select group
so all I'm saying is you're gonna have
to be quick if you want one if you want
a pair I'll tell you what it is now a
pair of PB sunglasses now I've been
working on these sunglasses for months
and months and months hello
you got meeting in here on skype
yeah I'm just talking how many
sunglasses I've been kicked out of the
other room so we're going to carry on
here so I've been working on these
sunglasses for it's hard like literally
months and months and months because
like I do with everything one of our
items I test them out these sunglasses
were and I'm honest like being honest
the 7/7
I tried seven different samples of
sunglasses so I got the first ones in
with logo everything like that tried
them on
not really right another pair tried them
see what the fits like try them on Zoey
try them on my family try them on my
friends to make sure that they fit my
head and Zoey's got a smaller who I
stood at the door Zoey
small end of me so I feel like the best
place to talk about this sunglasses it's
going to be out in the Sun because it is
literally so sunny today right
I got a culprit ah this stub my toe so
hard on a blooming brick
I tried seven different pairs of styles
of sunglasses before perfecting and
finding the correct ones I tried them on
myself I tried them on Zoe I tried them
on my family tried them on my friends
because obviously everybody has a
different shaped face a different sized
head and I wanted them to like look good
on everybody so if you buy it there
they look good that's the whole point or
and to protect your eyes these are UV
400 protection as well so they do
protect your eyes
so the sunglasses themselves are like
plain black like this Olo you can see me
in there and then on the back here it
has the PB logos put on to the side so
that obviously when the sunglasses are
open and you're wearing them it says on
the side the little PB logo and my
favorite thing about these sunglasses is
that I don't know if you can see how you
can't you can just see me
let me turn them around they've got a
gradual tint I don't know if you can see
that look like that so they're more
tinted at the top than they are at the
bottom so they just look sick as I said
I'm not going to keep them going on and
on about them but there are barely any
available and when I say this let me put
it into context so when I did limited
edition merchandise I ordered like one
bulk load
I've ordered of these 1/5 1/5 of what I
previously ordered for the other items
that were limited edition the limited
edition items all sold out within like
16 hours I want to say maybe 19 hours so
these are probably going to sell out in
like five or six hours or something let
me know if you end up getting a pair
because I want to know what you honestly
think of them I tried so many different
pairs on so many different styles all of
the different like reflection the colors
of the lenses how big the logos were I
printed some with a logo and it was so
quality but the logo is the worst
quality ever so then we had to get them
printed again and redone basically I'm
super super happy with them and they are
now out for sale right now as your
I will leave links down below PB merch
Kota you gay you guys do your fan you do
your thing
it's a little bit later on we've got a
fun evening planned we've got a couple
of guests coming over
we've got Holly who is literally outside
now you all know Holly from the vlogs
and I think probably this rule might be
popping over for a half now or so later
on as well tonight it's sourced Vox Hey
oh yeah that was the one that we asked
everyone in the vlog powerful times and
I have to I know you die now you die
we're trying out different lip products
and apparently this is so this is the
sexy mother pucker extreme plump is it
meant they know this rough as hell are
you don't is it meant to do this D or
not are we about to slate the product if
I say that huh no really what it's meant
to do this what do you do then
mont your lip your lips why do I want it
my lip thousand beestings
way that sounds good right wait what
serious why how long want it no I just
want to see what how long will it count
them for - I am look how terrified ears
cuz I don't want you oh it doesn't yeah
let me put it on your arm only during it
poppies do nothing she is gonna science
more lipsticks you leave that on there
you just wait is it gonna really hurt
doesn't hurt just says weird
I don't know how I can persuaded to do
this what the hell Mudge if I wake up
tomorrow this yeah it feels weird it
gets like what is it does that yo what's
it doing though know what's actually in
it that's doing that sure it feels like
it's like aa caution this little so
almost immediately plumped buzz tingle
and zing
little bit it proper feels like it's
like vibrating goodbye see you later
have a nice weekend paulie's got her
University graduation on Wednesday so
she's come over tonight Zoe's doing her
makeup and hair and then Holly's gonna
try and recreate her on Wednesday when
she goes to her graduation she hasn't
seen what she looks like yet look how
good she looks okay ready
imagine be like oh I really don't like
it oh do you need me to get close I like
amazing show I had like a long day or a
makeup at Ghana and then she it's so
glam and I look at oh and I never ha
come on this film is rude
please keep there today we're having
this horse wash of Hani ends up I got
hiccups by the way Oh God
you pick an item oh yeah I'll be caught
that one's a tea bag we can't do that
one now is that what you're going for
no that looks very nutty sitting you're
allergic not just probably the nice lady
looking one I feel that Holly might
struggle being allergic to that so like
lots of these things look like you
choose one I tell you what's in it you
have a little menu here right you want
to get for this what my favorite
chocolates in there and also if I come
up an allergic reaction at least when I
would - at least you get on camera as
well and at least you look pretty to go
to the hospital unless I have that shot
very well
yeah yeah I put them in limbs earlier
that stuff you put on me
they have chia cacao and goji berry you
like goji berry yeah way to boost your
meals and extra nutrients and are also
great for some snack on that Oh all
right here we go John take your pitch
wait I think what nuts of you Chad I
know you'll say on there may contain
traces of nuts wait you look really
allergic to it oh yeah you're no I don't
want you to die in this video didn't say
acting environmental that contains nut
so nice especially if contains not that
I think ties not literally in
environment in a container hi oh that's
fine and blooming out have a little
pinch get those nuts down looks like
birdseed to me
you ready alright you're not noisy maybe
I've got hip-hop yeah definitely done to
that yes sir
don't spit it out I genuinely like you
bring all that on serious nothing when
you put that little yoga yeah if you had
your bet honey in for longer John
delicious
may you have nuts and if you're allergic
to nuts probably oh my god don't eat it
altered caramel blissful yeah let's find
that here they are this has got coke on
them oh oh you kind of good like you
have good enough wait can you can you
have coconut no you got a good class of
one I know I can't have you know you've
just eaten up no hope that's all I can
taste from this it's coconut
oh yeah there's coconut ha ha ha ok you
know it that that there is coconut I
know this big bitch ago cannot change
names that's all I can taste right now
is coconut that's it that there that was
coconut-y he's not I'm working up what
is it ugh I don't know I have to have it
because I'm
allergic to it how did you find out you
were allergic to it so let's go and like
someone gave me um coconut powder yeah
all right swollen up will you just
touched it as well well the big doesn't
happen for my mouth weren't really funny
and now honey it's pretty funny you
still going on okay well then what so as
good Hospital then they tested me for
loads of nuts but then um could you
breathe
not really I'm just happy I do feel look
winded yourself Polly we've just given
you coconuts and that's what you're
allergic to
stop panicking come on you breathing
loudly so I know used to see you're
still worried then all right we're about
jab coconut white can you be near it I'm
matching me so you need to tilt the
camera down slightly there we go you can
actually see the box now so these are
perfect to pop in your bag for an hour
these balls are packed with energy and
perfect they look so good bye give me a
bit you're not having any come look I'm
gonna off and then give you the red try
the bloomerang is get outta cut all this
okay
these hand cops are so annoying I really
like it although I'm failing to see
where this logic camera comes in fruit
crisps now you can have these wait wha
take look Emily fruit all right
banana why here cupcake just a perfect
moment of ripeness tea of just the right
amount of crunching it's a sweet and
creamy flavor mmm they smell like pain
but they taste good I just really good
no really good mmm well that's my
favorite thing so far yeah Oh No mmm
that was probably bad yes - Emily the
apple of my eye I know you'll think I've
gone bananas but I named these Christmas
after you so I could you so I could see
your name wherever I went just like you
there flirty and delicious love Alex
died so cute like the Far East Emily and
Alex are
star fruit cross lovers from an
astonishing way of quests in a vacuum
that preserves our natural tasty
goodness while creating an amazing
crunch what did Joe say what did Joe
sugg say there'll be a water made out of
everything
birch water that's so funny we've got a
phone jack that is for a birch tree
thanks for clarifying so now we make a
hole at the top oh no it's that color
Joe there's not a nice
and I thought what birth share each job
is here but what it is amazing I want I
love that yeah I don't know
birch water with Bilbrey and loganberry
mmm that's really wife's really the
berries I really like the bottom like
the engine as well delicious isn't that
just cool oh my god that's so good I
love that much more refined the ice
little boy chocolate sweet very nice
look at that very very pleasing can I
just explain what's in it yeah yeah oh
my hey cups go through refine discs of
dark chocolate sweetened coconut blossom
nectar and delicately flavored using
super food ingredient things like snaps
or after eights our throats I love our
fruits oh wow look at that got coconut
blondie yeah doc drop yeah
now you gone no come on that's not
coconut D what's up everybody everybody
comes coconut fibers good daya bigger
better yes so coconut trees now don't
eat you're locked up just in case oh my
god it's really dark chocolate that's
gonna be rear it
mmm mmm oh it's nice man I'm really like
that oh my god
I would genuine your face sold out in a
corner shop I would buy that Oh garbage
on
I don't really like dark chocolate but I
really like fat hmm
I'm having another one I just don't know
what
why trippin Google that why we got four
items left who's going next
oh it goes imagine how hurt I was just
some what you doing wait am i what don't
need cops yeah they did you can't come
so after how did I which is an
Australian brand yes oh good maybe I'll
help you out that song that's amazing
you know there's a guy in the Guinness
record I'm still hit on there there's a
man who had hiccups for 26 years
imagine that that's it for you no don't
say that please where's that guys
definitely not only like you call honey
ah okay you don't want it why is this
another thing to sprinkle on something
green raisin and rot and barberries a
delicious mix of nuts seeds and fruits
these troops are checked for on-the-go
snacking or refueling after the gym oh
yeah
they've got 15 grams of protein in that
is that good mmm every night I'm Bilbrey
so these cookies have a complex
character soft yet crunchy and sweet but
savory their a blend of all sing jingle
see although that young yeah it is a
really strange consistency mmm though
it's kind of it tastes kinda like the
shortbread
you have to member all this stuff is
like really good for you yes I mean like
it tastes so good to him he's probably
got up to it and green hands mmm
so this angry God which I already bought
it's good it's not easy to hide your
hunger but with this bucket you can bury
those outrageous hungry emotions I buy
these in the shop already these are
really good no but yeah my favorite one
is the cacao one yeah that's really good
Oh some didn't they remember I like the
texture of those because they don't feel
too dry I love berry snow the only thing
in this crumb Oh humm breeze what let's
go almonds in it hey you got that are
you like that yeah
cranberries almonds oats dates sunflower
seeds this's would have been one of my
favourite boxes I pretty much like
everything in there and we show a couple
of things there wasn't very many
savories they were all quite sweet sweet
never I like that yeah
sweet things are healthy yeah like that
after the gym hey I'm gonna actually go
make this tea it's a rhubarb and ginger
mmm he was rather right after I'm gonna
go and make myself a tea I'll let you
know how it is all is just left
we're tucked up in bed look at my hair
watching one of us which we've been told
is amazing we just aren't episode 1 I'll
let you know what I think of it the
thing with watching TV programmes in bed
is that I always always always fall
asleep whilst watching them so I left
the video saying I'll let you know what
I think of it I fell asleep at the end
of episode 1 I woke up in the middle of
the Nile so what was going on and he was
on episode 3 was playing on the TV
outside though I don't want to ruin
anything turn it off so I've only seen
most of episode 1 so far it's currently
the next morning and just go back from
the gym if you're wondering why I'm
wearing a vest I'm loving it so far so
if you haven't already watched it go
check it out and everything I'm going to
end the vlog now I really do hope you
enjoyed it there's a super long one
there was a challenge for you at the
beginning new merchandise which is
available right now be super quick if
you want to pair those sunglasses
and of course softbox which you guys
love us doing so thank you so much with
the love and support guys your challenge
today is 35,000 thumbs up go down below
smash the thumbs up and subscribe if
you're not already and I will catch you
tomorrow goodnight guys good night if
you come into the apartment its split in
two I believe six different selfie
points where you can take pictures for
Instagram
