after yesterday's leg workout i legit
don't know whether I'm gonna be able to
walk like my legs are aching and I'm
currently laying in bed come on we need
to get up now jump up Missy you jump
over me come on get your butt up get out
she's too tired or my bomb
I can walk let me try and squat no not
happenin
oh my gosh my thighs so my legs feel
like they gonna fall off
must be heavy music okay everybody we've
just arrived at the gym I'm currently
like eight minutes late and I have to
leave early today because I'm off to
London let's just get in the gym let's
get in this get let get working out I'm
gonna miss you so much today little one
yeah hahaha my mum and Buzz are gonna
come over in a minute and come and play
with you for a bit yeah
whilst we're out they're gonna come and
play just get into the train station now
I haven't explained what we're up to
today I did warn you that it's a very
very exciting day
and it is it is going to be very very
exciting for all of you watching Sean's
just got here I've no idea where he is
what to try and find them all I need one
a ticket
all the train is in six minutes there is
I can see him we have five minutes
perfect timing
get that vlogger shot getting on the
train you know the one three-minute
spare perfect time in that's what I'm
talking about
gonna get this just go to Victoria train
station we need to order an uber it is
all your busy as always and yet we need
to grab some food we need to order an
uber I still haven't even told you guys
why we're here today
don't worry I'm going to tell you in a
minute we'll sit down we'll have a chat
I don't need to say good morning I've
even asked how you guys would do it I'm
going to break one of my own balls now
everybody but I'm not gonna take the
stairs I'm going to go on the escalator
of only for one reason always take the
stairs unless it was leg day yesterday I
did my legs yesterday I'm not even going
to try to take one of those stairs let
me say that honestly that's why I have
high leg day yesterday look I know you
did not feel like I haven't even said
good morning to you so good morning guys
hope you're having a lovely day we are
currently on our way I don't want to get
this wrong I know I'm gonna say it wrong
and I'm not with Zoe we are on our way
to go to an apartment which is fully
stocked with tons of new zoella stuff
like tons of new products that aren't
out there's always been working on for
literally like over a year now I've been
testing them all out Missouri have you
been tested out as well so then smelling
all of them trying all of them like
using all of them and they are finally
coming out soon I don't actually know
when basically the company that make
them with Zoe have rented an apartment
and they've made it look beautiful and
Sean myself poppy and Zoe were heading
down today to go and see it and just go
and enjoy it and like almost celebrate
pop in Zoe I've driven in Zoe's mini we
didn't want to be crushed in
back of the mini so we jumped on the
train instead even though we left like
half an hour later and got the train and
now a car they're five minutes away and
we're currently like 15 minutes away so
I think we're going to be getting there
round about the same kind of time
somehow turned up at the exact same time
as poppy and Zoe even though they drove
isn't that strange
so this is the outside I have no idea
what to expect
oh my gosh sorry you've got your own
snapchat filter here oh this is sick
oh my god look at the floor
we need to keep that off to us we're
outside our house yeah good Oh mug hair
we've been inside now for about 20
minutes looking around everyone got
super super excited I didn't feel I
wanted to try and take it in myself so
as you come through the door this is the
first thing you say step inside the
extraordinary similar apartment on this
side we have the bedroom I'm going to
take you to the bedroom first just
because everyone else is over there
we've got mark here we've got Maddie
here tons people here so as you come
through the bedroom we've got oh my gosh
I don't I don't know what you guys have
seen because obviously I get to see
everything as it's being like tested and
tried and planned and we use them like
there's so much stuff in our videos that
we used as no branding on it whether
that's like merchandise for clothes or
for here candles and we've been using
some like this now blogs like or just in
general in their in the blog by accident
the so long now and you guys don't even
know about it so this here is zoella
lifestyle candles got gingerbread we've
got my Eden we've just been using it
over like the last year see so lazy it
oh my gosh I remember literally us
naming these that's Zoey literally got
coming up with the names and then
through here you can smell it through
the top and they open up amazingly like
I don't wanna break the seal but crazy
we got up up here we've got some Reed
diffusers and then over here look at
that this is like actual copper copper
not like plastic like actual copper on
the wall cut out some more Reed if our
here's the reader fuses here Duda to do
and all the candles live the life you
love designed just for you
I hear some candles so you can smell
them that's what I was saying about the
packaging guys how they opened so cool
and like different pictures inside each
one look like that Zoe there and then
obviously you can lift up this and smell
to the candle smell it
I've got a massive Z in lights and then
over here we've got the bed like the bed
that they bought in here they emptied
the whole apartment of filled your
brand-new furniture that they knew that
Zoe would like like designed all we've
got oh my gosh there is so much
basically if you come into the apartment
it's split into I believe six different
selfie points where you can take
pictures for Instagram but this is
actually put onto the bedsheets
so this is selfie point number six we've
got some socks like some cozy
zoella lifestyle socks pillows that
actual ZOA like pillows naps fix
everything
there's so soft candle collections
candles all of this on it there's the
socks
Lazydays up here we've got some of the
artwork just like pictures blown up big
now we're about to go into the bathroom
and you know how much a Zoey is obsessed
with baths selfie spot number seven
bubbles no troubles look at this bar
whoo they literally put cents on the
bulb on the walls they've literally got
this here with like zoella on the little
Spoony bits
this is lightly whipped body cream this
stuff is so excited oh oh no nearly
spilt it I so nice build yet forgot
that's what you put in your bath is net
the scooper dupa foaming bath soap I
know
was oh my gosh I've tried that one sugar
scrub look at all this down here this is
one of my favorites I love this stuff so
much hand on heart hand cleanser like a
hand cleanser just pop that in your bag
this is insane this place is so awesome
they have done such a good is it like
getting the bomb everyone else is over
there so I feel like we should just get
in the bottom I'm in the bath what am i
doing the chick snail
that's the bedroom and the bathroom now
we will get through into the main
problem which is very very Christmassy
other not nice
why not babe you guys ordering food it's
so common here it's so relaxing what
Christmas music playing got a little bit
up here try me some lip balm lip balm to
you oh my laughing hey you're like yeah
I'm just showing them everything got
something your passes this is a big ol
boy best chums yeah yeah
that's why comes in a packet too
religious hymns playing in the
background of my of my apartment tour
and then we've got Zola beauty hamper
like a pamper hamper this entire thing
is stuffed full of amazing things look
at this up here I'm not going to show
you too much to each other better place
because there is so much stuff here
there's always been vlogging it all snap
China when everything so go check out
her blog for more detail and all the
products I'm trying to show them
everything but it's taken there's so
much stuff here to show them I know that
I've just told them to go check out your
video I'm going to show you guys around
though look at all of this as well look
at the mirror
zor-el of beauty stockings
it was early bits on the floor and then
round to the kitchen obviously tons of
it is gingerbread scented so we've got
like gingerbread stuff everywhere or I
say obviously tons of it I don't know
what you guys know a lot again like I'm
assuming you guys know by now what is
out and what is now we got spar in a jar
tiny little jars bath fizzes oh my gosh
can we I deliver I'm not joking we can
yeah we'll just sit on the floor I need
to all of this an actual Christmas tree
Weaver's ed at the top that is so cute I
love these bags here so kindness around
like confetti and then look at the
glittery bag inside so awesome all the
presents is are we there so you can
stand next to her and put the other bag
here let down there crackers zoella
crackers and remember everything here is
coming out wise we're going into the
last room that everything is going to be
coming out for sale soon I'd let me try
point out mostly this month mostly like
anything you see in this place that I've
filmed most of it comes out in September
so you walk through here I'm going like
a little officee room just super cute so
over here we've got like pencils such
cute colors little planner with all the
different little sections of course I'm
getting that shot you getting that snap
up here look at this pot little black
plant pots I forgot how much was coming
out
like I've been trying to tell like say
to these guys and explain how long we've
known like Zoe has been using one of
these on her keys I kid you not
if you go back in her videos on my vlogs
straight up like 6 months or something
and you guys have never ever noticed
she's had pictures with you guys in the
street holding her car keys and one of
them was the little Zed all of this has
been hanging on her keys and you haven't
even known we've got the warm hands warm
heart travel mug and gloves so cute
zoella every day I don't even know how
long this clip is gonna VIN I've tried
to do the best tool I possibly can of
this Euler apartment let's do it if you
want to find out more
oh yeah she's got snapchat daughter mne
oh my gosh
yes but not her no you have to come down
you can't put out fair right I want to
show you the map no way how could that
she's got her own filter just here only
here that is about it for the tour I'm
going to leave it there because I don't
want this whole vlog just to be a tour
because Zoe is going to do more than in
depth one herself if you're exciting
with this stuff guys let her know on
Twitter letting on so Allah beauty
accounts online
get that get that shot get that somebody
asked me pop on Twitter earlier if you
were drunk in yesterday's video do you
want to make a comment naked what no you
would not
lady thought you were not drugged during
the day junk on life you're an idiot
Joseph's here now everybody is arrived
to get his stock up for his bathroom
coming this much possibly what's your
favorite pic so far my favorite drinks
bottle no for you in the gym that would
look nice you're going to the gym in a
minute
Thank You fashion hey yeah zoella
protein chappy I would I would taste
with me our own captain before I
obviously is not guilty about my age but
I would feel cracks my sister's in it
supported program exactly what I tell my
favor is the shocks no they're very like
they look nice oh yeah yeah and I love
the the notepad sir I love I love this
how it's like dipped in I embossed the
easyJet pins Julia yours truly Oh be it
oh you don't know Zoey these are to be
mu stylist to it which is good that's
why I like that and also my favorite
thing it's just like that this smelly
stuff but I love the smelly stuff that's
like the whole collection smell yeah it
does
no ginger bread hankering yeah but also
is diffuser we've got Eden diffuser yeah
I'll show my blog that one earlier I was
like what is Eden well how can I
describe the smell it just smells our
garden by home that's hard to explain
that's exactly what the many of the kind
of was oh really
yeah what's this my god that's my rig
what's that
then we're wrapping up here what are you
doing what you doing go away go away
I have reserved it you all began you how
do you do it huh you don't turn it on my
man stand amid a okay my list it now
Bret you should go let me show you out
no why be king 23 yeah I got 23 yet
ready goodbye
she let Shawn like you stay in here by
man at night Papa you seen this night
yes you're not back a long blog for my
camera from Kony in the car heading back
we have been in the car for an hour and
a half so far my spine is like this
literally snapped in half and sit in the
back of this tiny little mini wish I got
the train back instead of this
no there's not worried about your drivin
it's just the traffic in London I I'm
not even in focus this camera now I've
enjoyed your company a lot today public
catch just got home changed into comfy
clothes and we've got so much food that
poppy and I picked up and we bit this
little one up for my mummys house
hey hey NOLA hello we had a fun day buzz
have you look all this good food
we've got Wagga Mama's and then poppy
and I ordered from somewhere called like
health kitchen or health cafe love
health health okay something like that
you kick a pop I've only got 100 left
new hundred layer challenge of nature's
ready on her head that's 298 to go gone
you got this three ways going well so
far six well I don't know how it's
actually hold did not Hey oh no oh no oh
sure and we're just been watching a load
of films tonight relaxing and just
chilling today went so quickly I swear I
literally like started my vlog showed
you guys around the apartment and then
by the time we got home it was like 8
o'clock or something it's so much good
food the food was delicious I definitely
want to eat from there again I'm going
to be quicking in the video guys because
no neurons are you both asleep popping
she wanted both asleep but only waking
people up
if you've enjoyed the vlog give it a big
ol thumbs up to let me know yesterday's
video has so far already and I'm not
even asleep yet got fifty thousand
thumbs up thank you so much for the love
and spawn that video I want to try and
do another fun challenge like that if
you can think of any let me know in the
comments give this video a thumbs up and
subscribe if you're not already I'll
catch you tomorrow guys good night night
good night
are you ready 100 we've done it I don't
know what we've done who does it
