good morning guys I've just finished up
in the gym having a savage leg workout
like okay my legs literally feel like
jelly like walking to the car I was like
what I was all that what I couldn't walk
properly it's the first day back to
school for a ton of people today's if
you are going back I hope you had a
lovely first day at school I hope it
went well you've joined the New Year
it's a fresh start and I can tell it's
going to be a good year this is gonna be
your yet make this year your year try
the hardest you've ever tried try new
things make new friends put the effort
in to see your old friends if you just
got into college because going to a new
college or new university or a new
school it's hard to keep up with your
old friends but maintain those
relationships and most importantly have
a lot of fun if you're a little bit
worried about school or about college or
about work because you're starting to
fresh you're starting to new I can
assure you that everybody else around
you is feeling the exact same just
remember that remember that no she's
properly getting in her old bed it's so
cute I'm surprised you still fit in
there methey Oh or do you prefer to
super mummy no she left her bed to come
and sit with me mates I same size as my
head now you can fit one whole head in
that I bet that's quite comfy to put
your whole head in it's really comfy
imagine having a pillow when you're met
yeah that's what I mean like you sink
into it I'm literally not gonna be able
to walk to my what did you do at the gym
legs and like going up and down this and
weed circuits as well only filmed one
circuit for the vlog the rest of them
didn't film anything
oh so I so me saying to you can you help
me carry boxes from upstairs all the way
downstairs yeah that might be on very
hard by literally not even driving home
my legs are so wobbly and obviously it
mainly hurts the day after and then two
days after as well let's do it again see
you I again Oh
I'm not doing that oh look like how you
just walked no please that was so funny
just walk to that just walk by uh-huh
I'll hold the camera still and you just
walk nah out of shop please we're
tidying with sorting today is a tie game
day I'm trying to sort the house out
declutter everything take a look at this
bookshop there's always been tidying
I still got tons of youtubes books in
there people wait literally everything
one that is actually a youtubers book
and then all the other books were
putting into boxes and storing them
upstairs when I store in everything
properly time for me to get in the
shower so have another challenge morning
because I went straight to the gym but
you guys ain't coming with me you're
gonna have to stay out here all right
all showered and already my hair is
still wet I haven't done anything with
it ignore the hair our lunches just
arrived or this smells delicious I kinda
just got changed again today we are
heading out to somewhere pretty mundane
to do something exciting
alright we're going to need quite a few
of these one two three four five six
seven if I've done my maths right that
is enough now I should try and find my
car I have no idea where I just parked
it now we need a head back and get using
all of these kit kats for something
incredibly exciting whoa I got the kids
home everybody I'm so glad that the
first place I went adstar had enough and
just put a little light up there now I'm
pulling the table a bit more forward so
I can sit down here I feel like I'm
shooting a proper sit-down video I'm not
this is so just my daily vlog I've seen
so many people did a hundred layers of
like eyelashes like literally eyelashes
come out this much 100 layers of nail
varnish today I wanted to do a delicious
one 100 layers of Kit Kats and yes I am
gonna eat it don't worry guys this is
not going to be going in the bin I'm
going to put the whole Tower I might
break it to go to put it in my fridge or
my freezer and then every time gets to
come man we can eat a little bit of it's
not going to go in the bin don't you
worry do you think I throw away this
much chocolate I'm going to open a nun
packet all of these last one here we go
oh my god
I wonder how many calories 106 calories
in each one that would be 11,000 872
calories like nearly 12,000 calories as
well as an if you like your weekly
intake we're going to start opening them
I like to do a cheeky little time lapse
in fact not a little time lapse a big
time lapse and we're going to go like
this and then I'm just going to build
them up and up and up this is going to
be sick I hope it balances if it don't
just fall over I wish this is going to
be so high I'm not going to be able to
do this this is going to be cool you
know the tower is going to be ten times
this height two three four five six
seven eight nine - oh my no I
it's not gonna like this isn't gonna
work if you believe in me and you think
I'm actually going to be able to do all
100 give the video a thumbs up now smash
the thumbs up other
that is 20 and it's still strong and
just putting them in piles of five so
that I can see how many I've got left I
wish this video is sponsored by kit cap
this would have been like the best
sponsorship ever so he's going to come
downstairs and below what the hell are
you doing out there
number 50 that is 50 50 layers of
kick-ass I'm just going to move the
camera angle I'm going to try and finish
the last 50 standing up to make it a
little bit easier
I like to move the camera angle Jen like
I said if you have faith in me
and you think I'm actually going to be
able to manage this smash the video of a
thumbs up I want to see how many of you
actually think this is doable and then
afters remember I'm going to freeze this
and then in my blogs in the evening I'm
just going to sit there eating this guy
70 KitKat's
70 90 no not 90 80 80 we saw 20 left
that is 80 I'm gonna have to come round
and move the camera angle again for
you're on 80 90 90 I honestly thought
that we were going to get like 60 90 the
last 10 I know that one broke the back
so that's 99 1 on the spare 12 because
I'm just ate one because it broke 100 I
feel I should get zombie to film this oh
my it looks like a work of art I know so
that's 90 I've got 10 I've got 10 more
to put on you're gonna get up tonight
here um I'll go outside if I have to
you're gonna go outside Zoe you start
okay there we go who's currently
standing outside I might not even do it
night if it fell now boom 91 92 93 94 95
oh my gosh 97 geez yeah we'll be that
one yeah 98 2 more number 99
are you ready
100 we've done it I don't know what
we've done who does it
oh my god can I just like do like a nice
panning shot oh my gosh that is crazy
just goes on and on 100 well if you film
from this side it's not as straight as
what you think
it doesn't look straight from this how
does it not look at that kinking at that
it's crazy success what would you know
if I counted alone
there wasn't one hundred know there was
I counted all out there should be eleven
of these spare count them I'm kind of
layers one unit you're gonna count to
100 93 94 95 96 97 98 99 now you just
said 1900 yeah could I eat one I don't
know what to do now wait can I see
through it hello-o Kit Kat man filled up
I'm in a lift
it's like what is visually very pleasing
should we try and drop one definitely
more pleasing than a bloody egg on then
you ready
let me just hope just looked yeah yeah
good I wish this response my Kit Kat I
know you the best sponsor yeah ready
yeah oh no no no no puppy how did that
happen it didn't even go through one I
missed the first one okay I'm just gonna
hide you re like I said I'm gonna put
these all yes are the reason because
delete them oh mighty good the wires no
my friends over she break your drum kick
outs ready yeah oh my god you at three
four you got such a big mouth forgotten
how much I love Kit Kat so there's a
hundred layers that means as two hundred
sticks of Kip
look at that 10 minutes later the table
is completely back to normal and we now
have a massive collection of Kit Kats
we've got two boxes stat for the Kit
Kats it's time to end the vlog everybody
it's time I look like an egg with my
hair back like this it's time to say
good night
it's time to say farewell and I'll catch
you tomorrow right if you've enjoyed the
video guys you know what to do I'm not
going to say it tonight thank you for
the love and support and all of the
videos recently it has been crazy
tomorrow we're heading to London for a
very very exciting day and I know I say
that I do have excited it's often but
isn't more exciting though is not in
tomorrow is very exciting I'll catch you
bright and early I've got the gym at 9
a.m. so I'll see you super thee good
night guys good night that is the most
disgusting thing I've ever seen in my
life
