are you already wrapping Christmas
presents I got woken up this morning
from Christmas music playing downstairs
I can hear it it was so loud it looks
you woke me up are you all happy hours
know what we are and then I went back to
sleep and then it changed song it went
me up and then I'll go back to sleep I
may have been asleep for quite long I
kind of slept until 10 o'clock this
morning and I promise to myself that I'm
gonna wake up every day at 8 o'clock
although it's Sunday so come on come on
good morning guys good morning rice
there are some things yesterday that I
wanted to blog and I didn't manage to
vlog because I just didn't have enough
time in the day I bought myself a 360
camera and then I never really used it
won't literally never used it at all and
I thought there's no point it just
sitting in my office so I may as well
give it to one of you guys who's going
to put it to good use so I asked all of
you to comment down below with what you
would use the camera for and I'll pick
somebody and you guys know that I sent
it to somebody in it was either
Australia or New Zealand and she worked
on a ship called the one and all ship
and it was like a massive old literally
look like a pirate ship and I never ever
heard that from her like I just send it
to her and that was it
and normally that's the way these things
happen when these giveaways I just send
somebody the item and then they
obviously receive it well yesterday Zoe
was going through her Pia box and this
arrived a massive photo of the one and
all ship and inside is a letter from the
gal and it says dear up thank you so
much for the 360-degree camera I've got
you a beanie and a shirt for my
merchandise that I hope you'll like a
t-shirt that says the one and all
and beneath which is so lovely on her
and there is also a big picture that she
took on the 360 camera now of course
with a 360 camera you need to look at it
digitally like on a screen but this is
this is a picture she took and print it
off and that's like a 360 degree photo
of the ship is
nice to know that the NGO that received
the camera is actually using it and
stuff that makes me sir and she send a
letter all the way back from Australia
and sent me some merchandise that's so
sick
I just thought I'd update you because I
do often get comments they're like I bet
these giveaway is a fake I bet you never
send anything this here Bruce I sent one
to Australia on a ship
I sent the camera to that ship whilst
we're on the topic of things that
arrived in the post yesterday Zoey
received a letter from a boy Liam he
basically says I'm checking of it is
very very long basically said he's a
massive fan of Zoey and I and he started
website we're selling t-shirts and
hoodies with a range of cute and funny
comments on them and the website is
called Uncle Joe's clothes calm let me
read your story just briefly hello my
name is Liam Uncle John's clothes is my
effort to help people who have down
syndrome and to have the families and
carers of those who have this congenital
disorder I was inspired to create Uncle
Joe's clothes after meeting my very own
uncle Joe about two years ago I was
introduced to my girlfriend's family
this included Uncle Joe
Uncle Joe has Down syndrome over the
past few years I have witnessed how much
love effort patience and patience their
family had put into caring for Uncle Joe
especially I love how he's called Uncle
Joe that's sick especially his older
sister who is one of the most amazing
women I've ever met after witnessing
this it made me want to help raise money
for people like Uncle Joe and the many
families and carers out there who have a
similar who are similar to the one I've
been so lucky to me Uncle Joe's clothes
is not only a way to spread awareness
about the hard-working families of
people behind these individuals but it's
also a way to give back as a portion of
the profit will go to the charity downs
- syndrome dog WK every t-shirt you buy
can help people who suffer from this
disorder and help the people around them
I love that I love that letter Liam and
Vera's literally got it on wearing your
hoodie this morning like it's step on a
lego I just thought I was so cute it's
so sweet so Liam thank you for the
letter thank you for the clothing and if
you guys want to go and check out and
help sports a great cause Uncle Joe's
clothes calm there we go that's my post
posting updates from today the two items
that Ken
the post are you ready
not to brag but I am so sick at reverse
Park in like parallel parking I'm not
too great at all but parking like this
like reverse it I am so bloomin good the
space that I just got in was so tight
bang first time right anyways we need to
go pick up some stuff for them for today
so I need a second birthday card for
both of them this is definitely not the
wrought iron look at this I've got a
three there and a three there be
I knew they were twos then got near the
quads we were looking for but I still
need to get some cream cheese some this
Scot this skit I don't know this has
biscotti on it but it's not the ones
that Zoey had before I don't think I
actually got the right thing got two
different kinds of biscuits that were
the ones that Zoey asked for but they
were the only ones they had that was
similar so we'll have to see them I've
done it somewhere else on the way 42
minutes until we need to hit my parents
house I need to nip home get changed
grab my laptop I don't even really know
literally feels like Christmas in this
house smells like Christmas Christmas
music right I need to get ready are you
nearly ready so it turns out the
biscuits that I got earlier with a
complete one ones like complete not even
similar so the guy that I I had no idea
what I was looking for I said have you
got any biscuits be scoff and the guy
was like yeah these are the ones no I
don't think that's their means like this
is the closest we've got bought them
completely completely wrong so we're on
the way to my parents now those just
jumped out the car and popping in to
Sainsbury's to see if she can well she
will be able to get them because she
actually knows what they are knowledge
very very nervous on you
where's mummy gone she's very very upset
there's oh he's jumped up the door and
she hasn't gone with her you confused
we've got the cheesecake in this bag
down here and up here
these are pop cakes are they're actually
for puppies like for dogs there's always
made they look incredible oh no I don't
think that other than they had them they
not have them
no we've just arrived however we're
popping straight back out because we
need to get those biscuits they must be
important
look at all of this that mum and dad
have done this is so cute we've all got
no hat everyone watching this video is
going to be like it's your dog's
birthday calm down now you've even got
banners all my comments are gonna be
like you guys need to calm down
right clearly not and there too two
whole years
isn't that crazy that we've had that in
November gonna have them two years so
hey buzzy boy come and say hello
come and say hello M&S what you playing
that even you guys do not have any
bisque off biscuit so we've been to
Waitrose M&S Sainsbury's and Tesco's
nobody has one can you balance a 20 P
coin on top of the lemon to win a free
coffee today
alright and all proceeds go to the
million Cancer Support
y'all M&S dude the best hot chocolates
ever they're hot I do especially
YouTube's new terms and conditions I'm
definitely gonna have to beat that
George uncle doesn't called mocha be
able to taste the rice now yes you will
you will I was straight trying to drink
through the cream then all of a sudden
God came through the creaminess of that
quick anyways they are amazing hot
chocolates just don't drink them as soon
as you get it because they're very hot
Oh see all of these for us to share egg
crush sandwich on the hunt for bisque
off biscuits she's on a mission I'm
getting pretty crazy up in here drinking
MMS trick sinister Shh don't only one of
my get kicked out might get arrested I'm
just gonna keep my camera rolling in
case in case you find them then I can
get the reaction I don't know their
biscuits are this is drinks and crisps
they've got all the chocolate and then
it should be for you tella you tella
call them out Zoe
oh look look at this sorry no serious
come look at this
you've got they've got the sprightly fat
happy bistec off spread this is 11 oh it
does say biscuit so you need to
apologize to Asda you need to apologize
it says biscuits in the air
you got them well you just go crazy how
happy you yeah of course she did help me
show you what you brought home sure I
didn't the guy told me they were similar
oh shut up come on let's go get your
butt out you know got your card have you
not got your card you can't pay for it
we've got them and we pays for them
they're ours
dad dad put your present Oh Joyce is it
biscotti there you go
lego ninjago Q's Spinjitzu I should be
making it later the others are all
playing some games downstairs everybody
I think has bought their own game like
board game kind of thing to play today
however I have an edited I did hit a cat
head I haven't edited my daily blog yet
so it's gonna take me a while I'm gonna
start here and edit this whilst laying a
mum and dad's bed whilst those guys play
games get this up and all done and then
I can go and hang out of everybody
I'm just finished editing the vlog I can
finally go back downstairs
it's just exported then I need to make
the thumb now get it uploaded and stuff
it's all good that's a good ol blog if
you didn't see yesterday I gave away the
two side posters and there's more coming
the video is uploading all done out of
my hands hello Lulu hey Louie Louie lay
up I like your hat thank you looks very
Oh
oh no you done a poo you food on your
arm oh you've got stay still a dog hair
hanging out of your nose who's really
far
you've never hug each other actually
Rami
do you ever give up Poppaea hug when you
say hello or goodbye
Oh your eyebrows knock one day though is
doing the best cupcake we finally got a
biscuit biscuit not biscotti this got
calm this I used a recipe online from
James patisserie going look it up bot
let the cream you say go on you can just
mix it mom is gonna kill you
that's a new sofa oh no they look well
you better get that off don't do a
tissue
oh my god
pop you've just made it like 10 times
worse mom look at that she's fat holding
look at that silly go oh oh my mom look
can you wipe it off here as well on here
imma gonna get mom lick it off I'm eat
it eat it mom oh my god you look like
you I love you I love each other yeah
your son copycat copy are you ready
what are you doing to my dog put on your
hands that's my mum that's for a wall
that doesn't look crazy good yes it is
Wow oh the pressure triangle on the cake
you are you don't ever take a quick one
mom oh my gosh
oh yeah mom quick quick mom mommy good
hot jacket look at that
we'll get there you go same sure how's
your one same we're doing the dogs
presents now this is not a file
this is Buzzy's file as a carbonara and
I'm called ygg I'm gonna read it woof
woof woof hey fuzzy what present you
going for the fast that's for buzz
that's from let's go for this one you
will opening one fuzzy boy fuzzy here's
a present for you
is it the same as you bought Nala we
can't open it Mika this is poppy and
Shawn Oscar yay Nala wish it Oh poppy
bringing the presents from Shawn and
poppy what's the ring ring the same as
everybody else has got them wrapped up
very nice Nala
that is called christina fishing game
you'll probably be scared of them so why
you laughing is going to be the worst
idea that is the most disgusting thing
I've ever seen in my life as II run buzz
run very fast away from guys so gross
but we've given them the pupcakes none
of you enjoying that oh my gosh look at
them don't worry guys there's all like
dog-friendly there pupcakes not no more
cupcakes
okay Nylund looks crazy oh let's take
the hat off you so you can just eat your
cake bus is grinding on the second one
finished up all the delicious dinner
desserts everything all the doggie
little celebrations we're now playing
some games what we play in we had enough
now Nala we going home going home
she let me see not on she's saying see
you later buddy boy have a good birthday
tomorrow
come on sausage she go upstairs Zoe I
got your present he gay hey that's not
Nala
that's another doggy it's bedtime
everybody I got my braces in oh my being
too loud I'm sorry
if you've enjoyed the video you know
today smash the thumbs up button smash
the subscribe button if you know already
65% of my views on this YouTube channel
from people that aren't even subscribes
if you're not already go down below
hit the button I don't know what we're
getting up to tomorrow it's Monday
though which is exciting actually I do
know I'm gay not to I've got the gym at
9 a.m. with my personal trainer 9 a.m. I
catch you tomorrow guys
see you then good night good night good
night
