it's time to come wait the two little
doggies up where's little buzzy boy hey
hey hello mister someone excited
come on go go go go go good for we skip
the poos come on doggies they boast on
their ways they poked on their poos
they're very very wet their paws Oh
soaking wet wait wait all right now time
to give the beginni some breakfast get
the two little boys breaking all this up
for them Nalla let me see your face
Nullah
ah ha ha you got peanut butter
everywhere basics the roof of their
mouth look at you you look so crazy oh
my god you do good morning guys good
morning good morning and welcome to the
weekend it is Saturday saturday Saturday
oh oh get it at work don't covered in
peanut butter now although it don't work
normal jobs so technically the weekend
isn't the same kind of thing for me as
it is for maybe you if you want Monday
to fry there you go to school or you go
to college but the big difference for me
is that I do not get any emails or any
phone calls or any meetings or anything
like that on the weekend which is so so
good I woke up early today I woke up at
20 minutes to 8:00 and I was just wide
awake so I just like put the bird if I
did something that was Oh II did when I
was asleep would have annoyed me but I
know that Zoe wakes up early I just
opened up with the blinds at quarter to
8:00 open up all the blinds let
light in our room and it felt so good
waking up early didn't there yeah I
loved it buzz you've still got peanut
butter on your mouth how's your day
going everyone
how is it going I hope you having a
lovely weekend as well I hope you're
doing something that's fun something
that's a bit different try something new
your challenge this weekend who's Texas
why you textin challenge this weekend is
to try something new that you've never
done before give it a go and just see
how it goes you might enjoy it you never
know
you can't phew there I wonder neither
dog loves more dogs a lot more wood you
know they love me more so just keep
thinking about the fact I've got an
asshole one way John Durr oh hello mate
hello mate good boy mom and dad have
taken you home now
you going off well you know you're going
to pizza home aren't you two by nine or
a present
we're going to buy Nola's birthday
present yes we are oh yes we are peanut
butter buzzers gone home gone back with
his parents and it's time for us to pop
out and go and get the dogs and birthday
presents because we're celebrating the
dog's birthday's tomorrow even though
the birthdays are actually on Monday
they're going to be two years old but in
November we would let me treat now just
was to get ready
in November we would have had Nala for
two years how was the time gone so
quickly it literally feels like
yesterday we were going to pick her up
like I've daily vlog for so long now I
mean when I started this thing bill I'm
going to try I used to be the worst
person uploading on YouTube
I used to upload my folks like two three
months late I used to miss days on this
kind of vlogging stuff now with the
daily vlogs I know my other channel are
still miss videos occasionally stuff but
these daily vlogs I've been uploading
every day for so bloomin long it's
insane I think it's a genes kind of day
not a short day gonna put some jeans on
all changed
no don't like an orange t-shirt look how
bright this is feel like it's like
summery I'm gonna try picked up this
camera because you can't
see this broken of me got this it's
incredible break I'm going to try and
tighten some screws with this come to
pets at home I'm a buying the doggies
birthday presents although we're not
letting Nala see what we're buying
because she don't want her to see her in
present because she will for sure she
will we don't want to ruin it though
he's not so fast i bond more don't want
her to see what we're buying
Marley making friends look a chilled
this rub is so you guys know how much I
love camembert I bought myself a mini
camembert the other day look how tiny it
is that normally as big as this but
about a little one just put little
scores in it put some honey on the top
and that is ready to go in here go and
cook go and bake we're watching John
castle to do their stand up to cancer
silence it's like a whole day is now
let's turn silent for the whole day
what's your hours left so know if it's
for the whole day or not and this is
live stream we enjoy can for some really
attractive fish and this is live
streamed at the moment on YouTube
and then I've also got a camembert an
entire oh my gosh this looks incredible
and I'm half eating my pasta am i
watching a Christmas movie
you tired pala look how sleepy oh she
was asleep on me for like ten minutes
and I just get my camera I was trying to
reach to get my camera
ages and I finally managed to and then
Zoe's baking goes off and all the jumps
up right I'm like at the point now or we
don't really have any plans today and I
don't know ever do they have an app on
the sofa I'm so sleepy or whether to get
out and do something productive like
going to the gym as your baking going
good I'm trying to pick a cheesecake to
me for us yeah fast we you may be
watching the villa would you mean for us
who else is going to eat it for Zoey
because we're celebrating the dog's
birthday tomorrow is making pop cakes
yeah pop cakes for you hello my name is
Mel quite nice yeah whatever like proper
ingredients but just things that dogs
can eat all that she's getting grumpy
because I'm I'm in the way of a spot
where she is lying no ignore the hair
today guys it's look it's all over the
place is a mess so it's been baking all
day as you know half of the dogs half
for us and this is some cheesecake mix
that she's left here for me to dry have
you dried up this is like incredible
yeah okay oh my gosh I don't if these
guys are going to know what the best
Goffman or what is it bit Scott how can
we describe it it's like biscuit crushed
biscuits flavour it's just crazy
but I don't really like cheesecake but
this is so good and these are for the
puppies yeah and I'm going to decorate
those tomorrow before we leave - because
you have to put cream cheese on top
you're the best Baker in the world no
I'm just gonna leave you to tidy up it's
my idea it's not that much - and that's
this is all clean so this can all come
out and then you just pull all that in
easy
you know when you go to get in the back
you step in it's literally the
temperature of the actual Sun I feel
like I've just got no skin on my leg
left I regret it that so much so I've
never been so hot as I am right now in
my life that bath was so hot
I literally just sat there that's the
first part that I've ever not enjoy I
used to have baths like three four times
a week and then of course showers the
other like the rest of the time not just
not washing I was good at tweet earnest
and this is my first bath in so long but
I thought everyone went tweeting about
life yeah that's really dirty but now I
shower every day I just haven't had a
bath in a Jasmine when I lived to my
parents house I used to boss like I
didn't really have showers I just a bath
so often but today I put too much for
water em don't ever do it guys I
literally say to you
you said bit more cold in you told me
but more cold any when you were not
getting out what did you say well waste
of a bath bomb yeah I know you've got
enough bath bombs it's fine
I am I literally had to get out and then
I just went and had a cold shower
because I went so much I was just like
so hot hey no it's enough of that gross
talk currently just tidying up all the
dishes and everything like that doing
the dishwasher and stuff so he's cooking
us up some dinner what you cooking I'm
doing a linear red pepper hummus and
spinach wrap sounds very very healthy
very delicious today it's just been a
chilled one today it's been really
really gelled it's been nice to just not
do anything like we're not leaving the
house I do like to be patchy I have I
did leave the house oh yeah we have left
house loads it's going to touch it
buzzer on a walk but we also went out
and got their birthday presents yeah we
have enough to house I don't know what
thinking so I'm just like no the candles
and this thing is ridiculous look at it
it's so savage are there's none left in
them maybe that one
that halloumi looked incredible
is only got black bits on it because I
just put pepper in there halloumi is my
favorite user I can or actually coming
back yeah I was gonna say it's a very
very closed core thin they're both
drawing because you can't it come every
day but I could eat halloumi every day
whilst eating dinners oh and I watch in
Roman and Brit do their skydive guessing
all of you guys know Roman outward and
breath you're about to do a skydive and
this is ridiculous there's 88,000 people
watching no 90,000 oh my gosh they have
300 thousand people watching them it's
know about to jump out there this is all
live this is Britt ham is it I think so
because she's got the suit on see your
look at that that looks so calm I
promised you guys that today I would
announce the winner of the posters I
know I'm not even joking when I say this
I'll prove that I'm picking the winners
from the comments on the video when I
first received these I said leave a nice
comment give the video a thumbs up do
some nice stuff and I'll pick a couple
of you and send you some some posters my
phone is dead no charge my laptop is
dead no charge so I literally cannot go
on that video to look at the comments so
I'm going to have to do that tomorrow
I'm going to try my best so I'm just
turning the lights off thousand blogging
I'm gonna try my best to do it tomorrow
morning and film it and then put at the
end of this video so that you guys can
find out in this video who the winners
are I'm going to enter VOC down here
guys cuz I don't want to go upstairs and
wake so in all her up they're both just
gone to bed and they're going to sleep
today was a super chilled rum we just
relaxed at home did a couple of errands
tidied up the place tidied up loads of
stuff upstairs and just spend the day
relaxing you know so if you enjoy that
you know what to do smash the video with
some thumbs up go down below your target
today is 30,000
thumbs up go down below smash yet
subscribe if you haven't already guys
and I'll catch you tomorrow ma tomorrow
we're celebrating the dog but I've said
that so many times but tomorrow we're
celebrating the dog's birthdays so I'll
see you then can that guys good night
thanks for sticking around everybody
right to the end of the vlog it is time
to announce the winners of these posters
now I've only got two signed by puppy
Shawn Zoe and I and so I'm just going to
give both of them away all the rest on I
don't even know how many he actually
said maybe like 50 or something
absolutely incredible I'm going through
the comments on the vlog called look
what arrived this vlog was uploaded on
the 23rd of August and I told you guys
just leave some sport down below and
I'll pick some of the winners so first
winner Polly Livingston I watch your
vlogs every day around 5:30
that's super early that's half now after
I upload and it's always so positive and
really lifts my mood I'm so happy I
found a channel three years ago and have
supported it ever since
thanks Alfie for your videos kiss on
Twitter if you ever want to get in touch
with send me a poster my Twitter's holy
X limp Holly Livingston you win poster
number one I'm going to get in touch
with you on Twitter
and we'll send you a poster as soon as
possible let me just screenshot your
your comment so that I don't lose it
then we got you one winner
number two is Rosie forever and she
comments I love that B so much is it I
find it weird reading these comments out
because I don't often like these are
like reading comments that are nice
about myself I'm not doing that like a
big head of weight it's just cute
comments I love happy so much is
inspired me so much and has helped me
through hard times I'm getting bullied
in school and I've been scared and
worried about going in but watching out
these videos have helped me so much I'm
I just wanna say thank you Dan for doing
a nice thing to make Alfie smart because
he's helped all of us and it'd be nice
if someone did something nice to him so
once again thank you Dad and she's also
commented her Twitter which is Rosie a
xox oh I think I think that's
she's commented anyways Rosie you've won
the second poster your poster is this
run I'm going to get in touch review as
well and send you the poster finally
I've done the post to giveaway I know it
took longer than what I thought but I
went to Scotland and I didn't have the
posters were me and they weren't signed
and ascend is our first thing on Monday
so you'll get your post as soon guys as
soon as I can contact you and get your
addresses should we do some more like
I've got all of these runs sitting here
I'm not going to like stick them up on
my wall or anything because I can't have
a picture of myself on my own wall that
would be a bit weird
chewy shall I give away some more leave
some nice stuff you know what to do
thumbs up subscribe comment down below
do whatever you want to do be nice on
this video and I will give away unknown
another three five ten posters I don't
know I'll try and get the others to sign
them as well and that's the end of the
video I think so good night oh no what's
happened to mummy what's happened to
mummy
