oh no what's happened to mummy what's
happened to mummy help her quickly to
help go help go help
don't tell me go help mummy the thing is
of knowledge you've asked to go down all
the stairs or none of the stairs she
never stops on the stairs he helped it
mummy oh no everything that mean where
the dog just walks off when the owner
pretends to fall in the street and the
dog carries on walking yeah they just
doesn't even notice what not only do
good more than beeps good morning with
this little bit of hair do it I'm a
birdie today I match the upwards always
taking dialer out to the toilet I'm
never normally awake at this time honey
the neighbours off as well today we've
got a special guest joining us it's not
Marc it's not Trey it's not Marcus it is
a fact buzzy by buzz is joining us today
mum is like going away with dad to do
some birthday stuff from yesterday and
we've got buzz for today so it's going
to be fun we're gonna have two crazy
little puppies running around I'm gonna
get editing my vlog because yesterday my
vlog was like 45 minutes late and I
promised you on Twitter
I said tomorrow's vlog is not going to
be late I'm going to get up at 9 and I'm
going to edit the vlog the time
is currently one minute to nine and I'm
about to make a breakfast and edit the
vlog I stick to my promises which one of
you was there was it you or was it you
who pulled all of mr. Fuji's gloves off
you've taken his jacket off and his
trousers isn't it who do we think it was
alright I'm about to start editing guys
got both the little doggy
here with me have an eye a couple of
hours have passed I've just finished
editing uploading tonight's daily vlog
which I am super happy about so there's
no chance it is going to be going up
late tonight I'm going to try and get
into that strict routine of getting up
in the morning 8:00 a.m. latest everyday
having breakfast editing the vlog
going to the gym maybe sometimes going
to the gym I want to sort under the gym
light I'm not even going to say because
I know as soon as I say a certain amount
of times and if I miss that it's not
good
I'm going to try to start going to the
gym this a more often at the moment I
don't go at all
so hopefully more often than what I
currently do which is zero I asked a
load of youtubers earlier on a couple of
hours ago to suggest some youtubers
right let me read what I wrote there's
like a Facebook group of a ton of
youtubers on it and I wrote in it saying
I want to do a video promoting a few
youtubers that find it hard to get their
videos out there if you watch slash know
anyone that deserves a little push I'd
love to try and help give them one
please link me some people's channels
below and so fast so many people Finn
linking me like awesome awesome
youtubers channels that some I haven't
seen before some are already watch and
stuff like that so I've literally just
been laying in bed watching tons and
tons of different youtubers trying to
find some new cool people that you guys
may not know about that I can introduce
you to maybe in like tomorrow's video or
in a couple of days time I want to try
and pick like three or five I did a
video January 2015
called three youtubers you should watch
something like that and the three
youtubers that I put in that video where
Joella Sara close and Alexis someone's
calling my phone
Alexis geeze all look at my bloomin hair
what's that I genetically hello good how
are you and now I caught him what I was
just saying to you about the video last
year with Alexis diesel Joella and Sarah
close I shouted those throughout in a
video and I just said if you guys
haven't checked them out you should if
you haven't already and now I think it's
just time that I do another one not for
any particular reason other than there
is so much great content uploaded to
this site as well as other websites
every single day and so much of it isn't
getting out there and people aren't
finding it and I've got very lucky to
have all of you guys watching me a very
very very big audience and I want to
introduce you guys to some new people to
watch because why why not they're making
great stuff and everyone should be
watching it so that's what I've been
doing for the last couple of hours
watching tons and tons of YouTube videos
trying to find some new people to
introduce you guys to as well as do my
daily vlog and as well as babysitting
this little one down here and this one
4:00 p.m. everybody you know that sounds
like the perfect lunch tie what am I
doing with my life why it's my eating
schedule so messed up like my sleep
schedules really good I had breakfast
this morning at like quarter past eight
or something and now it's four o'clock
and I haven't even had lunch I cannot
wait to eat all the best look out all my
bag is I just got so carried away I just
got more and more and more as I looked
around the deli there was just so many
things that I was out of course and I
want that of course I want that and I
ended up just getting like back it's a
team quinoa chips what and there was
also the cutest old lady in there Evan
she was talking about how she's having
people over tonight for a dinner party
as she was picking up this thing that
she wanted for dessert for her and her
friend and it was one pound fifty and
they were like I'm really sorry we can't
accept card for anything under five
pounds and this little this old woman's
face was like so cute she was like oh
it's okay I don't have any cash on me oh
it was only gonna be for dessert tonight
doesn't matter about the dessert and I
was like this is breaking my heart
don't worry add it to my shoes I can
come back and give you the money back
cause like no no no on the money back
you got to enjoy your dessert take this
no more about queueing up I'll pay for
it and just have a lovely evening with
your friend and enjoy your dessert and
her little face her little face oh my
gosh she was so cute anyways I need to
get the home and eat all of it up any
all of this good food are you gonna miss
me so much when I go Oh buzz okay mate
do you want to be in the prop I just
sneezed on me
I haven't actually told you about one in
I going they probably guessed from
background we've come Brock climb in its
Holly's first time rock climb then why
don't you like the shoes
one should we do this is so empty here
tonight normally it's so busy as whether
it's a Friday people probably out like
drinking we're out rock-climbing that's
ridiculous but that one is on there's
one there and one there yeah imagine
holding on to this one you're only
allowed to touch that one get to the top
pull he's stuck oh my gosh I mean not
quite you got about here
no you did really well them
yeah go on reach it reach it no no both
hands the same way now trying to tang
the bar spins it makes black collapses
are so hard
you got look at these sleepy puppies you
tired you tired israil buzzy boy got
back from what climb in about 45 minutes
ago just ordered some food for all so I
kind of think why I need to do I need a
jumper now just ordered some food for
tonight and none of the delivery
websites were working they were too busy
because it's Friday so I'm just going to
pick it up in the car I'm not gonna go
on about it because I know I said it in
my vlog the other day but that Pizza
Express has the best service ever and
the manager came over to me today with
another member of staff who watch the
video so hope you're watching I think I
think his name was Jim I'm pretty sure
it was Jim so hello Jim if you're
watching and he came over and he said
the regional manager like in charge of
the whole region or piece of expresses
spoke to that restaurant and said that
they saw my video and congratulated them
and stuff like that so if the regional
manager is watching thank you for
speaking to other members of staff and
congratulating them for their hard work
because this Pizza Express is just
amazing they even said here's a free
drink for you and elderflower because we
know you like it and here's a free drink
for Zoey make sure their Zoey gets it
and something else out of course and
they did offer us any free desserts we
want it but but I think we've got enough
food that we didn't need dessert so I
said it was all good
Zoey's choice of what we're watching on
on TV what have you picked I mean that
just sounds good
series on Netflix yeah well I kind of
want to start watching narcos again
because I go into like episode three or
four and loved it
but for some reason you didn't carry on
watching it I don't know why and I
really and season two I believe it's
just come up today I want to say or
something about season two came up today
so I think maybe we should watch narcos
it turns out that I never actually saw
the last episode
of making a murderer so I never know
what happened and I'll say mr. Summerlee
not never actually watch so I need to
watch her shoes out okay this would you
know that so we put it on and I fell
asleep within like 10 minutes I've just
woken up and it's like 10 minutes to
11:00 so we're just bear both the
doggies to bed you're going in here
tonight on yay
there you go baby a night Missy see you
in the morning buddy boys in here no no
buddy just put two kids to bed them to
be so quiet so that we don't wait them
it's time to end the vlog everybody I
feel like almost not drunk but a bit
like yeah disoriented like like hungover
almost just so confused on what's going
on like it's not even late the time is
like 11 o'clock or something
four minutes past 11:00 and I've just
woken up from like an hour's nap or
something on the sofa and I just feel
like I don't know what's going on I feel
strange I feel tired but I thought I
could just have a power nap and I don't
know I just put my bracelet in as well I
stand this be still wear them every day
it's time to say goodnight it's time to
say goodbye
hope you've enjoyed the video if you
have you know what to do you guys all
showed the videos so much love and
support go down below smash the thumbs
up butter I'll catch you tomorrow
subscribe if you haven't already
I'll see you then do we know what we get
up to this weekend sorry we don't know
again on to this weekend we'll have some
fun I'll see it tomorrow
who's birthday on Sunday I put it some
day on the fifth is that Monday I was
celebrating on Sunday but on Monday is
the dog's birthday it's their second
birthday I'm so excited right I'll see
you tomorrow guys in a new daily vlog
good bye bye good night good night good
night good night good night
they should have gone the alarm this
morning because I woke up incredibly
late and I still haven't had a shower
