frosty oh there's no snow no it's just
frost nah then no diskit buzz
let's get buzz hey buzzy boy
she got side in the really cold icy
weather you don't even realize how cold
this is gonna be go and then go on yeah
good doggies good morning guys good
morning Heder and can we talk about the
weather today yes the grass may be solid
it may be frosty but and all of this is
blown everywhere the sky is like legit
Bloom Sweetie barking it it's time for a
coffee
Oh lousy boys coming down have you ever
out there today today it's gonna be a
nice trip the coffee on me a sick day
I've got my friend vine comin over in
literally two minutes to hang out this
morning and his girlfriend's coming his
rock Carol he's one of the best BMXers
in the world like he probably won't
admit himself but straight up
statistically I think he's one of the
best BMXers in though he can like double
backflip let's put it that way
mmm-hmm and recently he launched a new
bike company and he is built I haven't
seen fully I've seen slight small little
pictures Zoe and I a custom BMX each
like our own colors logos all over at
Zoe's has apparently got like a chrome
chain or something I have no idea
although knows that it's going to be
sick and here's arriving in one minute
apparently and then after that I think
I'm going to go to town because I've got
to get Jim a present
Tania jimmer coming over today at 4
o'clock and we ordered two and a present
online but we haven't yet found anything
perfect for Jim so I need to hit town
get Jim a present then turn you into
ever coming over later tonight we're
gonna be making pizzas we're gonna be
having fun we want both doggies here as
you saw this morning it's just gonna be
a good day give you excited the blog if
you know that this is gonna be a sick
one smash the video of a thumbs up
I'm so excited I love the color like the
gum I love this she was saying blitz I
want to see so blitz as I said she's
gonna blitz the bike the front one pedal
then you're back on just drag
just go and invite her to carolyn ryan
off to oaxaca and try my absolute best
to find Jim a Christmas present I
realized how late we've left yet and he
is also a man who has got everything
hello I'm in a snowboarding shop do you
think Jim would like this thanks so much
I tried to warn you guys that today was
going to literally be non-stop it was so
lovely getting to hang out with Ryan and
Carol just dropped them off at Oaxaca so
they're gonna have a lunch there I've
got to rush straight back I got Jim's
present got myself some lunch got myself
a coffee got Zoey some lunch now I've
got to head back home asap to wrap this
up and get back edit the daily vlog wrap
the present I just brought Jim eat some
food and then time the Jim arrive in any
minute and we're just gonna chill hang
out make some pizzas tonight let's get
going
if you want to check out my new company
it's called collective bikes at
collective wipes and Instagram and
everything it's you've seen the Box
yourself that's it
go check them out Ryan if you watch in
thank you so much for the bikes they're
like savage I cannot wait for it to be
nice weather cruising on the beach Rizzo
a it's going to be Savage
hey doggies hey no it does not say and
Zoe are you I actually went to town and
P yeah
I faced I'm sorry to make sure no you
don't
alright let me explain to the camera so
every year Tana Zoey do like a present
thing for each other me and Jim don't
really do it
Zoe said that she's in what Martha my
present so she was like okay you have to
get Jim something and I was like okay I
have to get Jim something what have we
got Tanya though as always I we haven't
got a tiny or anything
I've got tiniest stuff and I was like
okay I need to get Jim something no
because we don't normally do this so is
it all good so I literally went to town
but what do I get somebody who's got
everything everything did you take the
price off okay good sorry back to any of
our size edges in snowboarding jacket
yeah when are you going yeah perfect
so it's like waterproof it's caught with
the tech details on it they're so cool
and it's basically like you know when
you get too hot so you need something a
bit thinner just like that and also good
enough now has not spent all the time on
my ass yeah he says it is fees not level
of snowboarding I had a new delivery
today this see what's inside
tendu you want to see what's inside here
I don't know what it is that I've
ordered I knew I always wanted to buy
you a while and mark time you're gonna
even better with them on them sliders
you guys are the fashion couple we just
come out to wait trailers because as
I've said a couple of jumpers in the
bogs tonight we're making pizzas but we
haven't got any light ingredients but on
the top of the pizzas because we didn't
know what these guys would want so we
just wait tries to grab some cheese I
want to get some baked beans maybe some
tuna do you maybe I don't think I are
you gonna be paying for them Tom gotta
pass we need mascarpone this is what I
want this one here that is the guy
these guys have no parachute there we go
let's get one more just in case
can you do an outfit of the day from a
video can you explain all your outfit
and why you chose this match in London
and then she comes but people love I
wear like this every day
Topshop and I have a TV on point what
else have you got in there John receipts
really bad
Selfridges I did find something for Jim
went after the assailant not on this
receipt that was for some something away
confit
I'm not drinking make sure you can't see
that in your video that is actually
cheaper
I mean this is a good story I love it so
much I bought them for the Sox shop
luxurious and I love them so much I love
them so much and these are my Gucci
slide perfect size yeah let's check the
magazines there she is
there he is there he is Oh Zoe verse
Alfie apparently cheeky bit of Shawn
Mendes Tanya burr Tanya burr Caspar Lee
another one is OE check that when it's
two it's very very you want something
really big
shoot some back alright final Pete says
this is mine
half and half and gone baked beans on
one side tuna on the other obviously
mascarpone and mozzarella and everything
a bit parmesan on the outside
Zoe's cute little heart there's some
beans snuck in there hidden tans Jimbo's
even got some honey on the top it's
going in
go on enjoy that cook well for me
two of the pizzas are done we've got
Jameson Zoe's tone and I just made some
GMTs guys I kind of didn't put enough
flour on line on the bottom I couldn't
get it off I didn't put enough flour on
the bottom look at it just woken up on
the sofa I'm falling asleep
have you actually that's pretty good you
know farewell friends I may see you a
few days by Zoe is nice and I mean you
just taking the dogs out to the toilet
I got strained to bed I can't even tell
you're hot I am won't even tell you how
tired I am
I don't know why it's just hit me I
think I'd sure do know why I two coffees
today I had one this morning then one in
town and I bet you've just had like crap
the caffeine crash no I've never had two
coffees in one day
really yeah and I did today only
actually in the blog here it's 10
o'clock 10 o'clock I'm like out of that
hope you enjoyed the vlog if you did
give it a thumbs up I'm literally about
to fall asleep again subscribe if you're
not already let me know if you're a new
subscriber let me know if you've just
subscribed tweet me tweet me for you
giving the video a thumbs up as well
tweet me if you've ordered any Christmas
much let me oh yes yes
trying to say anything during say
goodnight to everyone know somewhere
yeah I know no idea buzzes I've been
calling him up here but he won't come on
he thinks we're gonna put him back in
his little bed and he doesn't want to go
to bed does he and then in the morning
