literally they should have gone the
alarm this morning because I woke up
incredibly late and I still haven't had
a shower I had this business idea a
couple of days ago I don't normally
bring stuff like this into the vlogs
good morning good morning guys I
completely forgot to say good morning I
had a business idea couple of days ago I
tell you more about it in the future not
going to tell you now and now I'm off to
go and look at a space to rent to make
this business of reality so come with me
come forth let's go look at this space
see if we like and it could potentially
be something really really cool in the
future it might not it could buy it
we're going to have to go find out so
this is one of the spaces we're looking
at the moment there's two spaces that
others is next door and is identical but
I don't know if we'll be allowed to like
knock a door knock a door through here
but it's basically on quite busy road I
think there might be some parking behind
as well obviously we'd have to do it all
up and everything guys
that was really really good like I had
no idea what to expect there were barely
any pictures online of that place and
I'm very excited I did I tell you
haven't had a shower yet I didn't even
have time to have a shower because I
woke up so late today so I'm going to go
back home have a shower freshen up then
I need to grab some breakfast and then
head into the office to make a little
phone call the normal stuff make phone
calls edit my vlog do stuff like that
finally all fresh and showered although
I know I look like I haven't had a
shower and I've just got the same
clothes on but when I was wearing this
outfit earlier it was so comfortable
because the weather is so nice but I
just thought I put it back on you know I
didn't wear it yes bear just walk this
morning it's still clean just headed to
the office now in town but it's such a
lovely day I just want to go to the
beach or go skating
hi dad yeah I did oh yeah what's your
most days thank you and I got something
bus left the trick great you have ten
seconds
yeah that dude just busted a double
tailwind
that's insane if you don't know what
that is oh sorry
I used to scoot for like a year and a
heart let you trick scooter stuff so fun
if you haven't tried it you need to go
and try it
that was sick that guy is really good
and after having this office for over a
year
the lift is still broken I just don't
know if I'm ever going to make it I feel
like I might just get stuck the amount
of times I press my floor and it's just
gone to another floor are we going to
make it today
well good today just been sorting out so
much exciting stuff in the office guys
oh my gosh you're not even ready for
what is coming in life I want to say
four weeks don't hold me till there but
I want to say four weeks just popping
out to go grab some breakfast it's
definitely not 3 p.m. or anything I just
haven't had time to eat yet today why am
I even in focus come on count this
camera letting me down I've got so much
done but everything it's just been so
rushed I'm trying to find apparently
there's an amazing place around here
that sells Type R Street I that's
probably the one and then can I get the
tofu pad thai and the vegetable tempura
never walk down this road before oh my
gosh look at some of the size of some of
those diamonds although I'm not diamond
shopping for you guys want me to be
diving shop before I'm leaving diamond
shopping I'm literally just waiting they
said it's gonna be 10 minutes to my
food's ready so I thought I'd just walk
around for 10 minutes oh my gosh look
how big that diamond ring is that is
insane
can you hear that let's serious oh my
god I feel like the liver what the hell
was that noise oh my gosh that lift I
need to edit the daily vlog it cannot go
up Nate finally six o'clock even the
office I was meant to be at my mum and
dad's house at 6 o'clock tonight to go
out for a birthday dinner today is my
dad's birthday I'm so excited for him to
see the presents room for him but as
usual I'm running late I was meant to me
at my mum's at 6 o'clock it's currently
like five minutes past 6:00
and I need to get changed because we're
going to a super fancy restaurant
tonight for my dad's birthday his
favorite restaurant in all of Brighton
half forgotten the name of that I can't
genuinely don't know the name of it it's
I'm really really fancy like fish
restaurant so I need to go home and get
changed get dressed just a little bit
smarter like I don't just super smart
for just a bit better and I'm going to
pick Sami up as well and then drive and
then drive over to mom and dad's and I
think we're going to do is presence and
everything like that this is so I love I
love birthdays so much they're just so
exciting so like positive so happy
everyone's in a good mood everyone's
celebrating
considering I literally took about six
minutes to get ready feel like I've done
an okay job I put on some posh shoes
some black jeans with no rips in the
knees a shirt that I've never worn
before that has like little paint
splatter bits on it and I've put some
product in my hair as well
sorry wrapped two of his presence and we
also done his card while starts getting
ready Nala is a home eaten her dinner at
the moment and I just remember the
restaurant name as well it's called the
salt rooms which is like a really really
nice like fish and steak restaurant in
Brighton but puppies wrap the rest of
his presence because poppy Shaun Zoey
and I all just like collectively bought
stuff this year and all the presents are
from all of the kids so so super super
excited happy birthday yeah oh we got
matching outfits on dad gorgeous yeah
I'm small yeah yo this is where we're
going tonight the salt rooms it looks so
lovely these guys are doing
Easter's I can't eat that
would you ever eat one
you don't even chew it you just
swallowed that like you know you don't
just eat you they're pumped you chew air
now
probably you're gonna chew your oyster
sure are you gonna chew it why are
curing
no way coffee glides taller she's had it
in her mouth but I five minutes is it
nice
go on feel if it is up oh my gosh this
looks so nice Travis come on even what
is I think it's liek something roughly
as well some chips
Wow thank you so much oh my gosh
is it good
you got a Cornetto
No
I trust knowledge yes you will
Turkish paces
that either candy gosh
time for us to head back home hey just
having dinner with just pour out and
dinner with someone else bye have a nice
day tomorrow I'll give up na na na
this little one won't do any walking
will you are you refusing you too tired
to a second night to everyone
hmm she's literally just lying on the
sofa refusing to move every time I went
to pick you up she'd rolled on her back
and put a legs in the air let's go turn
off all the lights go upstairs and get
to bed now let's fast asleep uh sorry in
there I'm going to come in here to get
changed tonight more blooming shirt I
never wear a shirt ever anywhere my
camera keeps on running our charge so
I'm just gonna have to end it all that's
the third time it's run out if you
enjoyed the video leave some lovely
comments subscribe if you haven't
already I'll see you tomorrow good night
guys good night good night don't even
tempt me by unicycle and they'll want
one so bad
