so it's just made me breakfast some
little egg and soldiers I haven't had
this literally since I was a kid
good morning guys good morning good
morning Bobby how you doing
whoa yes i'm i yeah i'm not doing it cuz
you're not grumpy though popping isn't
grumpy today
hey Hayden I've just been in the office
and stuff sort of loads of things out
now it's time to go shopping because
today's challenge is to go skip up I
don't know what the others run is to go
skateboarding now as you know I got a
new skateboard about a year ago with
Marcus and I've been looking for it for
six months I wanted to take it over to
America with me and Marcus couldn't find
it now Sean wants to go skateboarding
today and I still can't find up and look
at all of yesterday all of this morning
we can't find out so we're gonna have to
go buy a new skateboard today I think
we'd still Sean hasn't lost it I don't
actually I don't I don't know have you
got your skateboard I myself was in your
way so you don't need a new one
it's really old
I genuinely haven't got a skateboard
I've lost mine I can't go skateboarding
without one these two look all right
we're in another shop looking at decks
again seeing what they've got kind of
Kemp to just buy a plane deck keep it
nice and simple and they're cheaper as
well don't even tempt me if I unicycle
and they want one so bad we're in a
third shop now
no more shoes we're not huge your pet no
I do not I did not my vans are fine
I think we found the board after looking
three shops now this is the one we need
look at this oh my gosh I really like
that one yeah yeah we've been in three
different shops all we've been in all
the skate shops in Brighton that's the
guy in you Ella's life Manny it's the
right size as well the other talent in
the right size all right we're going for
it guys this guy's going to grip it for
me as well whilst we go for lunch so
we're trying to go into this place
called idea for lunch I came here in a
couple of times recently my dogs we're
quite Ingle
you know I thought it was completely
full it's basically like vegetarian and
you just grab what you want and it's
delicious it's like amazing this looks
amazing
Bobby is not hungry how can you not be
hungry with all of that just finished up
lunch it's time to go pick up my new
baby I'm excited to see more gripped up
what did you say
oh no thought I just bought it with no
wheels wait can you try my death I'm
good popped into the office to grab
Sean's board oh my good we got my board
all done I hope you guys enjoyed that
little time lapse in the show past
putting it together we want for the
venture trucks the RIP 2 wheels the red
bearings and of course the Adventure
Time skateboard now we did also buy one
more thing because sean has been
persuading me recently who's out vehicle
appears but you don't ever wear an
earring which I do you didn't only know
that today we bought a little hoop and
I'm going to drop it in my ear and just
see what it looks like it could look
ridiculous it might not fit we're just
I'm gonna have to re pierce it jacket
yeah it's gonna I don't want anything in
there in years man where are you trying
to place it
just go for it I'm trying to get it in
the hole oh there we go
is it done yes in some tiny hurry dances
yeah there's good or you skater boy look
at that I got tiny little hoop earring
after a million trillion years of I
don't even know what's taking so long
around we plan to go skating this
morning at 11 o'clock the time is
currently 509 in the evenings because we
were still buying presents for your dad
time for us to go skating so he's in a
meeting at home and pops back to gon
hang out with Zoe and we are just going
for Demi I'm just worried though because
it's summer holidays at the moment still
in the UK it's going to be so busy in
the skate park we're going to is tiny we
don't tie all the kids of mad skills I'm
really good like really Garrick and I've
got an earring if you better that new
earrings totally add into your skill
levels
we've arrived Sean's gonna go and check
how busy it is how many people are there
zero no one's there yep now I can't I've
got no one to impress my sick skills
yeah we've got these guys here
wait this isn't the skatepark last time
there was like bowls and everything this
is like what is this and then I
remembered that this isn't the skatepark
the new skate parks actually there I
don't know if you guys can see but those
people down there a skating that's the
skate park we've come to the wrong bit
this is like the old skate park there's
rubbish and burn and
yeah this is all falling apart by I got
I got faith in you don't hurt the face
he just smashed it first time Shawn's
gonna go for it it's good it's scary
yeah
we've got a big audience watching us
enjoy guys no one else here escaped and
everyone's just on the scooter see all
that guys savage pressure I just got
home wasn't very successful we tried to
skate but there was so many of you guys
there
that was super super excited to meet us
and we're just chatting and chatting and
chatting that we couldn't really
skateboard because it was just super
super busy so which ended up speaking of
loading you guys for a half an hour and
then decided to just come back home
because probably seeing Zoey's here keep
it do boo - keep your knuckle dude
Tiki Buddha okay Cybil a patella - ducky
will do better more we watchin sorry
this is Zoe's choice Santa Claus for the
second time today no it's not but a
second you guys make a mistake
is it the second time you've watched it
today play she's watching a Christmas
film
Zoey doesn't like my earring everybody
she said where did you find now yeah
okay do you like it pretend you've got a
lie-detector test on I don't hate it if
that's what you mean I don't love it and
I don't hate it but saying I have a love
for you I don't know yeah not really
that's my thumbnail copy so we've got a
little train going on Zoey's shining
here passing it to Sean who's signing if
you're thinking what what are these this
is Zoey's new book oh I could give you a
little link they go up these go up for
people to grab
so they will have been up for an hour
when you watch this okay so if you guys
want a signed one by Zoe definitely
signed by Zoe she's signing a lot of
them could possibly be signed by Sean
poppy and I as well but definitely Zoe
Zoe signing a ton of them view and when
I say a ton I mean a lot of them and
we're just and we're just jumping in now
jumping in the side in some peers
laughter we've got little training then
Sean sign in and poppy signing and then
I'm gonna sign your dad signed one
trying to rapport Watson Allah
look at her she's at the end see you
later guys see you later
where's my doggy there she is
support being Sean have just gone home I
have got something super super exciting
upstairs now I'm not allowed to show you
guys watching this for I don't know
maybe maybe a couple of months now maybe
about six week I don't know but I am
allowed to show Zoe I want to film Zoe's
reaction basically I've got so much new
merchandise coming out I've got
something coming out hopefully this
weekend I can start showing you bits
tomorrow and then I've got so much new
stuff coming out in about six or seven
weeks I'm so excited I got the samples
through today the final samples and Zoe
hasn't seen them yet so I want to film
her reaction I'm going to show you these
not only want to film your face because
I'm not allowed to show them yet so just
have a look at them well that's it's not
the bag yeah I like should I tell you
which one my favorite is point to it I
like that one
yeah that one's not coming out I'm not
worried about this one I love that one
yeah yeah Sean was like I love it as
well cuz I've got it as something that
color that I wear the same I like these
I love that one this one I love that
color I think this is just even gonna be
good because that one hasn't been
however and it should off by now yeah I
really like them and this one is gonna
have a discolor logo yeah lummix
trying to balance this little table on
top of the proper table so that I can
put you guys down here right I think
does that okay ignore the hair is
driving me absolutely nuts I haven't
done it to then wonder how all day so so
he's gone up to bed I'm just chilling
here with with Nala she currently looks
like this you fast asleep
no you're so cute and I tweeted earlier
on Twitter asking you guys let me
quickly read the tweet I want it I said
I want to do another one of those
sit-down kind of videos like this one
and I linked to video that myself and
fun for Louie Shaw good making friends
and peer pressure what topics such
topics would you like me to talk about
and obviously as always there was so
many amazing replies and a copy of piece
of view I've copied a lot four of them
and I wasn't planning on speaking on the
spilled my drink on speaking about any
of the topics in actual today's vlog but
one of them just so happened to -
syncing with something to happen today
and I was chanted Zoe about there and I
just thought I might as well just sit
down Zoe's gone to bed I just have a
little chat before I go to bed and go to
sleep
about it because but genuinely I find it
an interesting topic I think some of you
guys will find it interest in why not
why not let's just talk about it now so
the topic is are you ready what to do
when you meet your favorite youtuber are
you going do a play of your piggy are
you come over here to loathe me okay but
instantly goodness you that you're out
in public that the person hasn't come to
the house because that's a whole nother
story so II know I have tons and tons of
people outside a house every single day
and that's one place personally that I
refuse to meet bball because that's
where I live this is my private property
and you can't let people that climb over
the walls and stuff it it gets crazy
we're not going to talk about stuff like
that today
I think we just talk about life you bump
into a youtuber in town let's just stick
with that not at an event certain event
at a meet-up
completely different than youtuber knows
that you're going to meet them let's
just say you bump into your favorite
youtuber in town at
before we start let me tell you what
happened today and then I'll kind of
just talk about what if you can hear
some weird licking noise
Nola's licking her paws I was as I said
as you saw I was up at the skate park
and tons of you guys were up there and
one little boy said to me and he was
super super sweet I don't know his name
I didn't ask he said it's so nice of you
to sit down and talk to us because I was
just sitting on one of the skate mounts
which you're next to me both sitting
down just chatting people for literally
like over half an hour maybe like 45
minutes and I was of course what do you
mean like sitting on a challenge do you
know what what else do you expect me to
just like ignore you when you're there
like of course I'll have a conversation
with you guys and he's that well I met
another youtuber and I'm not going to
put the person's name in he did tell me
the other youtuber just to let you know
is a very very nice youtuber I am
friends with them and he said he met
this other youtuber in Brighton and they
were really rude to him and I was I
really that's so interesting because I'm
friends with that youtuber and I know
that they're not like that they're not
rude so I said oh really what happened
what do you mean like I was genuinely
interested I don't know what they could
have possibly done so I said where did
you meet them and he said I was in
church of square in town which is like a
big big shopping center or like a
shopping mall or whatever you call it in
Brighton and I was like eh I said what's
what happened he said well after I met
them they just walked away and I said
what do you mean after you met them he
said he stopped the person said Can I
grab a picture I had a picture of them
and then the youtuber walked away and I
said to him but did you take your
picture like did they did they stop for
a pitching you say yeah of course they
stopped for a picture but they didn't
talk to me afterwards after having the
pictures they said thank you and walked
oh and I was like but that's not rude
and I had to explain that this YouTube
is very very popular and that they
probably get stopped a lot a lot a lot
of times like when I go to town now this
isn't bragging like there's no point oh
I wouldn't be bragging to him just being
completely honest you like if I go to
town now I don't really go into town
much on the weekends like when I went in
stand today I don't even know I don't
even know how many pictures I had like
there is so many of you guys that watch
these videos most YouTube in general now
that it is just crazy like it is
mentor it's mad like going out and about
yeah I don't know I don't know I've gone
into I've gone into Brighton the
shopping center before and been taken
out by security because I'm like shut
park the shopping center down from so
many of you guys me to me so I had to
try to explain to this boy that the
YouTube has stopping for the picture and
not being able to chat afterwards isn't
necessarily food because that youtuber
clips that they could be rushing to go
meet their mom for lunch they could be
rushing for a train they could be going
to a shop to go meet their friends that
that could have been the hundredth time
that they've stopped today that youtuber
could have severe anxiety social anxiety
find stopping and making that time and
interaction very difficult like there's
so much more that people don't know
about like youtubers and normal people
and the fact that they stopped and had a
picture that's lovely of them and and
that it wasn't rude because the way in
which he described it to me is I met
this youtuber once and they were so rude
they didn't talk to me afterwards not to
another i I just found it really odd I
just found it really odd that he would
explain it to be rude when he's still
got the picture and say like hey how you
doing even the nice day and stuff like
that it wasn't a rude situation it just
often gets very busy in town for people
that make youtube videos if they have
large audiences just like if somebody
who had a large audience who's a singer
or a TV actor or film actor or do you
not mean something like that
so so going back to the question which
is what to do when you meet your
favorite youtuber I think just a couple
of little tips would be to just take it
slow like I get so many people coming up
to me in the street just screaming in my
face because they're so excited like I
know often people can't handle it just
screaming with excitement and stuff like
that and it scares everyone around me
and to be like whoa what is going on and
it scares me as well I genuinely have
jumped so many times from people like
grabbing me on the back of me like an
eye in a picture or like screaming in my
face
the fact that they've seen me so I think
try and just take it slow like youtubers
please remember tip number one
please remember that youtubers or
whoever you meet if you meet somebody
that you love somebody that you watch on
TV love their music whatever these
people are normal people and I find that
hard myself when I did but when I did
band aid I walked into the green room
and there's just like Ed Sheeran and
Harry stars and I was literally like oh
my gosh I what do I do
and over time not compare myself to Ed
Sheeran a hairy sauce of course but I'm
just saying like I let you all in this
room and I was like I don't know how to
behave I can don't know what to do and
then after chatting to the both like
individually for like 10 20 minutes I
was it you chant ed flap 20 minutes
you just realized that they're normal
people and I just felt instantly I was
just like completely stripped back and
just so like wow there was no need for
me to feel like hmm because I'm just
saying a chat like your normal person so
then tip number one I haven't I'm
evidently I haven't pre thought this
video through like this so niches just
tweeted it earlier tip number one
remember that youtubers are normal
people so treat them as you would like
to be treated
tip number two try and just like gauge
the situation because I will always
always always stop for pictures if I'm
out in public and I'm walking down the
street I will always stop for a picture
with you but sometimes the picture does
have to be more rush than other times
because there are large groups of people
waiting like if there's two people I can
stop and chat for like a couple of
minutes with them but if there's like 60
people waiting for pictures if I stopped
and wait a couple of minutes of every
cut every people by the time we're done
there's 60 bill they're due but up so
many more people so try just like gauge
but every no it's difficult to explain I
suppose that comes under like when
normal people like I met a mum today in
town and she said to me uh what are you
doing inviting today you just come out
to get pictures with people because
there were so many people around me
having pictures this mom honestly
thought that I had gone to town today
just gonna have pictures with like
people who watch my videos on site know
I've come I'm come out to get my
that's birthday present but she like
genuinely thought and that's not like a
bad thing I could understand because I
was just stop still tons of people
around me having picture after picture
after picture with people but it does
blow my mind like that woman genuinely
thought that I was just there to have
pictures that's what I was doing all day
I was just spending my day today walking
around town trying to get people to have
pictures with me I don't know I don't
know
number three is probably being polite I
get so many people and I cannot even
describe how many people come up to me
don't say hello don't like don't even
say anything they come up to me tapped
me on the shoulder they already have
their phone out take a selfie and walk
away like that's it it's literally like
I'm a collectible Pokemon it's like
somebody is like playing the Pokemon Go
app and this found like a Pokemon they
want swiped it and then they leave once
they've got it and of course some people
have like social anxiety and find
talking to people difficult but I'll
have like groups of like six people come
up to me one by one take their picture
no one even say how are you doing or
even hi and walk away like I think again
that comes under the remember that we're
normal people like I love to chat before
I love to stop for pictures like if you
stopping up a picture let's chat about
how your day is going let's chat about
what you're doing inviting I was
chatting to some girls today and they
were saying oh we've just gone down to
Brighton for the day we need to grab
some lunch but we don't know where to go
and also I have you tried caffeine
Cohoes just there literally amazing cafe
do some cakes do some sandwiches it's
more like like nibbles of a coffee and
they're like perfect and after having
the pictures they all went into the cafe
and got lunch I think that's just a one
point really one point to make with this
video and that is just going back to the
youtubers and normal people I don't know
if I've even spoken about anything
worthwhile in this little segment but I
hope somehow I've answered your question
I promise you personally I will always
do everything I can to give you guys a
lot of my time when I see you out and
about and suas on the house which I've
made that list so many times and still
even today Zoey Nye to close the blinds
early
because people were leaning through the
fence trying to take pictures of us
watching TV I mean that's just normal
people taking pictures of us watching
our TV Cheers
this one has literally been asleep for
so long heaven here I don't know how
it's five minutes to 1:00 in the morning
I'd literally just been selling my
laptop planning stuff for the future
I swear I'm most productive late at
night it really isn't very good I just
seem to I think it's because there's no
distractions everyone else is asleep
not as asleep Zoey's asleep
barely anybody's online so it's a lot
quieter
nobody's uploading YouTube videos I'm
going to quit yeah my vlog down here so
that I don't have to go upstairs and
wake Zoey up today's vlog was all over
the place we tried to go skateboard and
I couldn't find my skateboard I bought a
new skateboard the skate park was too
busy with you guys that we can actually
skate and then I don't even know what
done tonight just hung out just chilled
look at her way into got to bed if you
enjoyed the video guys you know what to
do you always show me so much love and
sports smash the video some thumbs up
tomorrow we've got a super super
exciting day and I also get to the gym
again I'm into the gym yesterday but I
didn't vlog it because I didn't vlog
yesterday well I will I did vlog it it
was just such a boring day I didn't
bother uploading it I'll catch you
tomorrow guys subscribe if you haven't
already good night
you've been a good girl you've been a
good girl today
