you've been a good girl you've been a
good girl today we missed you so much we
missed you so much
yeah you still got yours on who have
used to got your ring on have used to
got your ring on last night
you guys are horrible I'm the only one
with my ring still on well it's just
called commitment isn't it oh my gosh
tutti frutti grapes
wait somebody tweeted me strawberry
grapes the other day do they have any
strawberry one yes you didn't even give
me fire good morning guys good morning
welcome back thank you so much for being
so chilled yes sir took the day off
because we were in the car for nine
hours driving from Edinburgh all about
an to brighter how was the drive
yesterday long but it was it was so
comfortable since been back from
Edinburgh we realized that we have
literally except from bottles of water
nothing else in our fridge so we're just
just some food shopping four years ago
today I hit 100,000 subscribers on
YouTube four years ago today there's
only one way we could possibly celebrate
but we've had too many recently
too many so
I'm gonna leave that
I'm so bad Poppaea churner in the home
section we're trying to find them now
not only in the clothes but this trolley
is giving off like crazy static shock
like so bad so I'm going to pretend that
there's something on puppy's face and
touch her face but you feel me yo you do
me so good my camera keeps from running
out a charge I've got to be super quick
but we just finished up shop in the
static shock didn't work I might try
again in a second but we're just heading
off now always set the stairs guys
always take the stairs we just got home
and we're unpacking all of the stuff
that we've just bought for the next week
or so and looking in the fridge I
remembered that yesterday when we got
home from Edinburgh a parcel arrived of
something that I ordered I just
absolutely showed you a little bit so
you know in these vlogs though and I
love to buy and I don't know I don't
even ever sorry I love to buy different
kinds of water and I was online the
other day and I saw a couple of bottles
of water that took my fancy black water
apparently it tastes the same it's got
some extra like vitamins or something I
don't really know but it's black water
my this is just water it looks like see
someone's enjoy the dark side it says
enhanced alkaline mineral water so what
a couple of bottles what six bottle was
actually and I won sorry not to taste
them should we taste them yeah I don't
really know what to expect
they sell alkaline water in 42 geez it's
black
no that's charcoal water that's why I
drank chocolate is really good for your
digestion does it smell like normal
water honest he doesn't have a smell
water no is it literally like normal I
need to put you guys down here
what doesn't like it oh no no you're
sliding no I like it it's so weird it's
like I think that's good I'm giving that
a very I'm giving that a nine out of 10
rating why okay I'm going I'm going to
give it a ten out of ten for trickery
because it looks like it should taste
different to what it tastes I like that
see you later it's my dad's birthday on
the 1st of September which is this
Thursday we bought in one kind of jokey
present that he will actually like in
Edinburgh and we've got him his card but
other than that we haven't really got
him anything so he's working at the
moment at home me poppy and Sean I'm
gonna go nip into town it's going to be
super super busy it's Bank Holiday
Monday and we're gonna go and try and
buy him his birthday presents we're just
gonna see what happens we've got some
ideas of things we want to get him I
would say in the vlogs but I can't say
I'll show you because I know he watches
this and dad if you're watching I'm not
going to show anyone or leaked anything
of your birthday presents because I know
you're watching him he kids back from
town I haven't blogged in ages been back
for quite a while it's just editing the
vlog art getting that up so I hope you
enjoyed yesterday's video without quite
kind of quite a strange day for food we
had a breakfast I say strange it's kind
of normal for me you guys are going to
write us what you do every day we have
breakfast at like or Jirka and 12:00
ya know half 11 half 11 then we haven't
had lunch in our 6 o'clock as always
cooking up some spinach and ricotta
pasta for both of us some sauce and some
broccoli yeah and I think I'm going to
have lasagna in the deli section earlier
in M&S they had like a vegetable lasagna
and it looked amazing preheat oven do
you not want it now now do you want it
now preheat oven oh that's not the oven
should we give you your dinner as well
where is not as
I found it now someone's a bit more
energetic I feel it when I'm speaking to
Nala I'm speaking to a baby you know as
soon as I Oh what's this and stuff
that's what I feel like right now that's
it
you can't just grab it you have to be
polite gun then good girl gone good girl
I know it's already quite late an
evening but it's so lovely outside like
the sky is like more or less completely
completely blue there is like few white
clouds out there but it just looks
lovely and I feel like I should be
outside
Zara's currently editing a vlog upstairs
so she's busy busy busy but I'm kind of
just sitting there watching YouTube
videos and about to stop eating some
candy floss grapes do you know I'm about
to say I think she knows what I'm about
to say no no now where you going why you
laying on the floor why you hide him
from the camera what's going to see if
you if you wanted to if you just wanted
to go on a walk joana going to walk
would that be nice I kind of nearly ate
the entire thing is that bad let's throw
on some shoes
don't put your shoes on Hey gonna put
your shoes on just before we leave I
want to throw out there and say I
haven't forgotten about the poster
competition you know the other day in my
vlog somebody sent me a guy who I'm
friends with an Instagram sent me like
tons of posters he made well I've signed
one Zoey signed at poppy signed it and
Shaun signed it and another one so I'm
going to be picking two of you who are
nice on that video in the comments and
the thumbs up and subscribe and doing
all of that I'm going to pick two of you
probably tonight or something I'll let
you know Eve on Twitter or in one of
these videos or something you'll know if
you've won see ya
we need to put you in your seatbelt if
any of you watch and have a dog you need
to get one of these things
it basically clicked normally I had all
the different seatbelt coins clips down
there I can normal seatbelt and then
goes onto their harness or their collar
it's so good
does anyone else ever get it when
they've worn a hat all day and then when
they like move their hair maybe you guys
might get if you were in like your hair
in a sub position all day but if you tie
your hair back all day and then you take
it out and you move it does it ever hurt
hopefully not just me look at it's a
pretty weird thing too right now if I'd
like that
oh you're so just now at the park
I saw a mum a daughter and a grandma
walking their dog around but that was
cute enough right that was super super
cute they were really really sweet who's
just text me so he's just text me please
can I have a cuddle and a baby Colin
from your snotty girlfriend
that's legit was always just text me if
you didn't guess she's currently ill
she's not just like snotty for no reason
so I was walking along and they were
just chatting out normal stuff I don't
really know what I wasn't lepre tic
listening I was just walking along Nala
and I heard the girl and she wasn't even
little like she was probably like 14 or
so she said mommy please or something
like I don't know if she actually said
mommy I just call my mom mommy she said
please can I go on the exercise machines
because in the park you know there's the
gift of me lot on that machine like this
there's all those like exercise machines
and they were like yeah of course you
can and I've never seen somebody so
excited like these bikes you have to pay
for them you don't have to like do
anything particular they're literally
just free like gym equipment built into
the park like you can anyone can just
use it and the fact that her parents or
her mum and her grandma said that she
could use this gym equipment it was like
it was her birthday she was so excited
and I know there's only such a tiny
thing most of you watching what we like
Alfie water you
all about me go to sleep you're being
weird but it was so refreshing
seeing somebody of like a fairly mature
age like 15 years old gets so excited
about something so simple that costs
nothing that anybody can do I don't know
it just reminded me of how when I was
younger I used to do things like do
paintings with potatoes so you cut
potatoes not when I was 15 but like cop
taters into shapes and stuff and like do
finger-painting and playing sound pits
like my mom used to do so many
activities my mom and my dad for me and
poppy which to do like we were such
hands-on messy having fun really
experiencing things as having like stick
insects like we did so many activities
when we were younger we didn't just sit
down watch your screen we didn't just
sit there on an iPad playing apps we
went at the house or did fun things in
the house all of the time and the
excitement this like 14 15 euro had for
something so simple and it just reminded
me that it's the small things in life
that mean the most hanging out of your
family hanging out of your friends just
having fun I do it myself like just
before taking all on a walk I was just
sitting here watching youtube videos was
oh it was upstairs I should have went
and seen my grandma I should have went
and seen my mom like it's fine to spend
some time behind the screen and stuff of
course and that's mostly what I do this
is my life I film it obviously I don't
know you you might understand where I'm
coming from you might not but it was
lovely to see it was such a small
mundane thing but it just reminded me of
the bigger picture of just living in the
moment and enjoying everything and every
opportunity that comes your way
someone's ringing my mobile out here so
he's calling me hello but it I did get
your text let's go to the treat cupboard
don't do the door look at all of this
all right Colin himself although only
little miniature ones or as I like to
call them healthier one because it's a
smaller portion
I mean I don't think that's how it works
but we'll go with healthy because it's
smaller so therefore with us less
chocolate and less sugar
here you go we need to talk about
something what we just discovered what
have you found out I swear to god I'm
racking my brain I don't remember the
conversation we just had you did you
just said it reporter the camera what
did I say what did you find out that
I've done online
why is my long-term memory so good but I
can't remember what we were just talking
about you followed a was pinging at me
you followed a pregnancy yogurt or like
pregnancy workout now everyone thinks
I'm pregnant
I need two brilliant women I'm not
pregnant you're not pregnant I need to
on seven what did you just do a static
shock from my phone I need to answer
everybody's questions so I followed the
account not last night you know there's
that bit on your Instagram let me find
out drop the phone the official name for
the section this section on Instagram is
called or Manette explore so I was on
the explore page yesterday on Instagram
just like this a little bit here you
can't even see it
that page there and I was just going
through looking at other things that are
like related to me that I might like oh
this picture of Troy and I saw the
cutest pitch are you listening to my
explanation because you lost me yeah and
I found the cutest picture of let me
find it now a mum with two little twins
how cute is this let me show you there
we go so I went on the account others
all just like the cutest little babies
look at that baby and like here a dad
with two little daughters doesn't
there's nothing cuter look at that baby
oh my god oh look at that
what's this one haha you're following
succussion pics are cute babies oh you
can't see us yet evil you must account
for pictures of cute babies yes so I
followed this a girl last night it's
good at expect for which is obviously
expecting babies you having babies and
stuff and they're just so cute London
that smiling baby and you guys went so
crazy thinking that Zoey and I were
having a baby that they deemed me let me
read you their DM you know really who
dmg them they do me this hello there I
noticed we're having a ton of people
brackets believe your followers
commenting on our feed and posting
photos of you and at zoella I'd like to
respect your privacy would you like me
to hide and delete these comments lots
of love and if you need any support you
can reach out my name is is that Diane
Diane yeah do things have so many of you
flooded they obviously think that I will
only practice because we're secretly
pregnant you guys flooded their
Instagram with um named us with comments
saying that we're having a baby and
they're obviously they've seen it on
their account and been like oh they
obviously don't be able to know this
prevent do you see good joint you off
you want us to delete the comments so
nice is that so we're not pregnant
obviously not like no we're not pregnant
but this is just the cutest account ever
you need to go check it out and you will
and so I mean they're actors at expect
full and this is the one who doesn't
want babies right now what do you mean
by now I'm 22 years old I don't want a
baby yeah age is just a number of course
it is but look how cute that little baby
is look at this one little baby you look
at that little baby anyways I just
thought I would clear that up because a
lot of you've been commenting on their
stuff and I completely forgot about
death and then Zoe literally just said
to me apparently followed a pregnancy
account knows what I did last night
this is like a messy version enable me
to the high speed again to create we did
the ice cream tasted video
