good morning good morning good morning
and welcome back to Edinburgh this is
our last proper day in Edinburgh
tomorrow and even super early in the
morning by the time you're watching this
we've already left
we've just popped in to cuckoos bakery
here looks like this and we just got one
of every single cupcake they sell they
just look to incredibly good we popped
in yesterday and they had none left
like not even one left so whilst we were
in there yesterday we ordered one of
every single cupcake to have to take
back with us for our journey Poppy's got
all of them there in the biggest box
Shaun's back at the flat edging up his
new video that's going up yesterday for
you guys with tape a chili challenge
chili roulette and we're out just
enjoying this lovely weather everyone we
bump into keeps on reminding us how
lucky with them with the weather here
and how it's never ever usually like
this
I feel incredibly lucky so thank you
Edinburgh for blessing us with lovely
weather and I hope wherever you guys are
as well you've got some nice weather for
yourself we're back where we're staying
and apparently well this just proves it
that is how good the cupcakes are
looking oh my gosh we're gonna have to
cut like that is ridiculous
look at them right this is the list of
all the flavors everybody I'm going to
show you now and if you want to actually
know properly what they are then pause
the video now or scroll down like this
doo-doo-doo doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo hello everybody and
welcome to a cupcake tasting video you
need to try this
yeah which one is this one Roscoe
cheesecake raspberry cheesecake I try to
show you what it looks like because the
guys already cut into it what's that one
oh my god oh my god June you're not in
shock an unsharp man let's go for this
chocolate boy Oh Robert please transfer
that to them this is so yeah and a
brownie you don't make sense of caramel
deer buck find out into four in the
middle for in video uh I guess nope he's
just taking all the car I'll get it back
Brad why are we trying to go in we're
trampled this guy yes that's one that's
the one that I want to try you ready
this is like a messy version anyone we
do the ice cream
it's free winter the ice cream taste in
video is it banana bread is it banana
bread
it's been over there banana bread is
hands-down my favorite cake I'm you like
peanut is that the only cake I'd make is
banana red Safran that is incredible got
your favorite so guys my favorite thing
part I don't know goo but still carrot
cake that's I'm not short enough says
carrot cake all of it man
you have no passing on yours now it's
very good hot dog puppy you're
vegetarian ha
she says what she truly feels this is
cheesecake
oh sure did you eat all the cupcake no I
hate all the pop songs oh did you eat
that did you eat that one that was
Poppy's favorite yeah yeah
Pimm's Cup cake did you eat further
shrimp chair fries wake up me open your
eyes did you want a burger pop open them
hello what Mike right I'm happy a quote
from Bobby
Rison ha ha ha only we could get room
service for at an air B&B right children
are going to walk up to town and go
shoppings my guide to the company you're
watching a film in your have a look at
your Twitter cracked yet have a look
here Twitter readout just an OK
coming up your volume have you done to
where you smash they're happy why you
read them out is eight and under and
wearing P younger in my tongue what was
that one what was that one did you just
say did anyone else eat four cakes just
to themselves when they're hungry we're
off to someone who come from obscure run
or something that that I don't we know
what to expect I think it's like an
illusions place here we go
camera obscura
I've no idea one for tickets gosh boy
little chaps as well I know we've got
mirror maze
am I gonna walk into it last time I did
one I smacked my head and we do have
some clean ice ice ice or anything on a
string probably done one of these before
again we have to leave coffee ah thank
you step going little gloves so that you
are thanks for the help so that we don't
dirty the mirrors if you've never been
in a mirror maze before basically all
the walls look exactly the same and you
don't want to walk into no oh my gosh
this is how you have to enjoy I did it
didn't didn't didn't didn't did it
are we stuck yeah because the thing is
with this is you can't see where you're
going so a lot of people that walking
smack the head in share sound like right
now look at this which one is real and
which one is not but would try to you
yeah all right now see you oh wait
where's ecoo I can see poppy and
Zoe somehow yeah but I don't know where
they are
what Zoe you are there but I can't see
you in real life oh no is there one of
the spinny things you can't even discern
me here doesn't it make your head go
with ya oh my gosh how do you do that so
well punch on man look around sure
oh my gosh so you don't get your eyes
shot oh no I had don't like this I still
feel dizzy don't look at them otherwise
you're going to be like hypnotized then
you're gonna think you're a dog what
inside on that whilst looking at that oh
my god that is horrible look at this
jumps out yay
whoa that is cool I was so happy
Oh
has someone stolen something me yeah
just just and poppy and Shawn are gonna
get married
you might as well say
we're the only people here to witness
this mom and dad on you do do you should
just know yes I've got some maps here
you're wealthy is that the ring the ring
we should get married
sorry not gonna get married I didn't
even get the rings on you just witnessed
our wedding mine actually fits on my
wedding my dry Joe I wanted to press my
dog Alfie and Zoey
officially married we've just come into
a little restaurant for dinner so hot
past six already today it's gone so
quickly
I've come for an onion soup that looks
incredible Shawn's Mon Calamari mussels
and a tomato very very tomatoey tomato
salad I think that also my blog was was
through at dinner
but when so I'm shocked it went out to
something called the Military Tattoo
which was I think big performance a big
show up at the castle we got tickets but
yep I've got the tickets with us yet -
yeah the tick is literally like a year
in advance to be able to go to this it's
like the busiest as amazing thing ever
apparently is the last night tonight so
everyone's like super super excited
about this one night we have no idea
where we're going
the taxi driver just told us up the
assessor's the quickest way I have no
idea there's eight and a half thousand
people going tonight oh my gosh this
looks crazy we're following this dude
here
he's helping us out look at all of these
guys very serious faces we're just
getting a picture with the dancers now
I'm so excited you guys excited
you excited
let's ujin move my pants
the fans give them warm welcome to
Edinburgh for the first time for the
band the Nepalese I
you
Oh
is so scary
Oh
you
oh yeah we've just left as it's all
ending that was in shred like so much
better than what I thought it was going
to be that was insane everyone there was
so talented we left for the eight and a
half thousand people all rush down this
walkway and it gets crazy
I completely forgot to end that vlog so
I'm back from Edinburgh now but wow that
was an incredible day like so so busy
those cupcakes were insane we got
married sure and a pop we got married
and then we went to the tattoo the
military tattoo that was incredible I'm
editing it now and I already want to go
back and see it if you enjoyed the vlog
guys you know what to do
smash the video of a thumbs up subscribe
if you're not already and I'll see you
tomorrow which is actually today for me
and it's been a fun day so get excited
for tomorrow's vlog good bye you look
genuinely worried then you
breathe fire
