good morning guys good morning it's an
absolutely beautiful day here think you
just spat a bit I got so excited look at
this it's all gone it's all trim it's
all short I feel like a little baby
again
it's such a beautiful day here in
Edinburgh everyone told me when I was
coming up on Twitter be prepared for the
rain be prepare for horrible weather
packet code Packer jumper I should have
packed more shorts let's get the daily
weather check-in look at that got my cup
of tea thank you very much Sean let's go
see what the others are up to what
you're doing doing your nails rich kids
of Instagram rich kids of Instagram
let's see what these two are up to
editing Zoe look at my face you're
skinnier how did you having a big thank
you what are you ask my face your both
laugh it out
place you haven't got a jar and I'm
quite sure again a guarded jaw I can't
see my face Robert this is just round
bluff today I haven't quite a chill day
today we're just heading out
we're going shopping we're going chilly
we're basically just going to look
around the city and explore Cockburn
Cockburn Street I think we've got a bit
too many cameras one two three four five
six and that's not even including the
one I'm filming on or the one where your
ones would you ever get pet on the delay
pop you were done not after playing with
him yesterday they were so sick they're
like little bellies the woman was like
tickling their belly roll out go bowling
with it use it as the bowl the time is
currently 10:45 in the morning what time
what time are we leaving for breakfast
in in ten minutes that gives me just
enough time to show you that I can now
solve the 2 by 2 very quickly let me put
you here I'm going to speed this up
times - ok mixing it up my eyes are
closed and I'm just mixing it up ok
all right let me put you have a look at
the cube see what see what the situation
is ok 3 2 1 doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo
yeah there we go
now I need to go and get ready to go
leave for breakfast and this is what
happens we go to go for breakfast the
girls just take non-stop pictures boots
right it looks incredible I've gone for
scrambled eggs with spinach tomatoes and
that on toast thanks Shawn it's really
good
Poppy's looks good Zoe's looks amazing
get those pictures when I was young I
used to be obsessed with fossils and
crystals you've just come into a fossil
in Crystal shop and there is some of the
maddest stuff you've ever seen and look
at that cave there poor meteor
oh my God look at that circle back there
look at this meteorite four point five
five billion years old a meteor I know
way dad used to always take me into
shorts ideas and buy new things so I'm
going to buy him one as a present look
at that one
oh sure look at that stuff many rock
Kumar's about
Wow oh my gosh this guy here or I say
that gun fever this way or this one
we may have just got a couple of fossils
there's a silent disco going around
why not just have a silent disco around
the city
they all seem to be loved in there that
was cool
just look around
it looks like the one that this is
amazing look at this food wall carrot
cake
McCall out the salads and stuff burrito
bowls they'll raise health kick that's
what we need some of those orange shots
ginger carrot cayenne pepper lemon and
apple that's exactly what we need
yeah
this on have 120 set it's not spicy
okay it's Lily always fighting
yeah
I've only just realized that it's three
o'clock and I haven't had a chance at
all today
get edit and upload my vlog so the
others are all going up the castle
sadly I'm gonna have to miss out on edit
row' castle I'm going to go find a
coffee shop try and edit my vlog and
upload it back into the Apple Store
upload and there's like hundreds of you
waiting thank you so much
whoo but I've been taking into the back
of there is so many of you in the Apple
store oh my god that was absolutely
insane I don't know if you guys could
actually see what happened or if I even
managed to film any of it but I
basically went to Coster to edit my vlog
try to upload it the internet was too
slow went to Starbucks the internet was
even slower so I had no choice but other
than to go to the Apple store which I
thought there could be some of you there
because you've known that I've uploaded
my vlogs there for the last two days but
I didn't quite anticipate what happened
I literally walked in the entirety of
the store downstairs was just full up of
you guys you all start going crazy so I
like went upstairs as swiftly as I could
facing the other way to walk up and try
and upload my video without making the
store go nuts people must have latched
on everyone was screaming the whole
store was screaming members of staff was
screaming one guy came up to me
afterwards and spoke to me and said that
there was a shooting at Apple Store
where he used to work like last week or
something I didn't even hear about that
but he thought there was a shooting
downstairs in the Apple Store because so
he was screaming for me so I'm sorry to
anybody watching that I scared and stuff
but I never intended that to happen so
went upstairs and you guys just like
filled the whole store and I had to get
taken out by the security who was so
lovely I thought they were going to
really really cross with it being so
busy and everyone running around and
stuff but the members of staff was so
lovely took me into like a back part at
the Apple store helped me upload my
video and stuff like that and then both
of the exits who are full of like so
many of you guys are crowds and crowds
of you guys
when I went out I went out the back
except just let you know I'm not gonna
be uploading from there again I went out
the back exit of the shop and everyone
that the whole street was full on the
right-hand side of you guys and I just
ran to the left as fast as I could
because I knew that there was no chance
I was ever ever going to be able to
safely have pictures with any of you
because there was too many but when it
comes to meetups now if there's like 50
of you or 6070 it's okay to be able to
have like pictures because everyone can
like like patient in stuff but when he
goes past like a certain number it's too
hard to control and it's just dangerous
and I think if I try to have pictures of
all of you guys outside normal black
members of the public walking past would
have got crushed it got squished
people would have been in the road it
would have got too much so I'm very very
sorry I didn't manage to get stopped for
any pictures come apart
get up that hill but and I've got my
vlog up and hopefully why I don't think
anybody got hurt which is the most
important thing over pictures is safety
everybody stayed safe thank you again to
everybody Napster who was so lovely and
helped me out
and and then I tried to jump in the taxi
to come and meet these guys because I
literally couldn't walk on feet because
there was so many of you behind me
chasing me literally chasing me
Oh what do I have to hold the shopping
why it's quite heavy actually whilst all
of that was going on you guys went on a
tour how was the tour bus was it good I
wanted to go on it so bad boy somebody
at the front speaking like and if you
just look on your left here and we did
and it was so good
did you got it to the flower oh my gosh
I wish I not have I would have been so
sick although I had to get my vlog up
get my blog up now we're just walking
back to overstaying we're going to chill
out for an hour and to read your
comments reply to some comments tweet a
load of yeah
and then I think we're going to head
back up for dinner later on it's just
such a lovely evening she nice Zuri is
not feeling very well
you'll wrapped up like a liquid help
stir yes Eric Kandel oh it has the talk
she's not allowed to talk can I talk to
you can you listen we've had a pretty
slow evening you know there's always
been asleep a lot in the sofa and had a
bath Poppy's had a bath and is now in
bed the time Wow
is quarter to twelve I thought he is
about 11 o'clock quarter to twelve we've
got a takeaway for dinner tonight add
some tomato pasta and some like cheese
bits on the side just editing this vlog
that you're watching right now just
enter the rest of the video together so
that I don't have to go to the Apple
store to upload it tomorrow and then
cause mayhem again that was crazy today
so crazy I'm so glad that nobody got
hurt I could have gone so bad Shaun sent
in this video just going up on when's it
going up or the day you're watching this
Shaun's video of chairs covered up
you know in our film and I kind of like
the behind-the-scenes the other day when
they had loads of cheese and stuff
that's all what I'm saying go check it
out oh sure it's in love Jay is yeah no
Jackie didn't have to see the video to
know what about right I'm going to end
the vlog guys thank you so much with
love and support today I don't even let
me check how many likes the new blog has
got so far where is it where is it where
is it the new video is currently on
15,000 likes and I haven't even gone to
sleep yet so your challenge let's just
double it okay we're just going to go in
also I told you on Twitter today that
I've got a new limited edition piece of
merchandise coming soon so when I
started to emerge back in the day I used
to do everything limited-edition which
means I make the product like try it all
out of him wearing the product I'm going
to say I don't want to hit too much what
it is but I've been using wearing the
product for a while now you guys haven't
been ever been noticing you don't know
what it is you might go to work it out
and I've ordered in a bulk load of them
they're currently sitting in a warehouse
and as soon as you guys order them once
they're sold out they are sold out
forever forever ever forever ever
they're probably going to be launching
in probably about a week or so maybe a
bit less maybe a couple of days more but
around a week so to get excited
something super super excited comes soon
and I I honestly think this is the most
exclusive piece of merchandise I have
ever done like I did not order many this
time normally we're not done limited
things I haven't ordered a lot of
ordered quite a few and they've sold out
within like I think the longest time
ever to sell out anything was 19 hours
so I know that these are just going to
go so so quickly like I can just tell
already I haven't ordered many I wanted
to keep this item so that if you've got
one it's really cool anyways guys I'll
tell you more about that in the future
when I'm back home and I can show you
the item I don't have any with me at the
moment I should have bought something
Scotland with me thank you so much
remember your task is 30,000 thumbs up
go down below
after the thumbs up button show some
love subscribe if you haven't already
fun fact I think about 65% of the views
on this YouTube channel and from people
that aren't subscribed so if you're not
already go down below subscribe and I'll
catch you tomorrow for another fun daily
vlog tomorrow we've got a really really
fun day planned so see you then good
night guys
slur some creepy stairs in the place
we're staying we don't know it needs to
