slesin creepy stares in the place we're
staying we don't know where it needs to
what is that I drew is that where
someone's been sleeping to be from
Paranormal Activity oh don't say that
reading material don't say that he has a
lil feel fair food
this is his bed border like a good
morning good morning good morning
welcome to Edinburgh how you doing how
you having a lovely day let me know how
your day is going in the comments today
super exciting like I told you the end
of yesterday's vlog we are off to
edinburgh zoo - edinburgh zoo apparently
we're even gonna be feeding penguins
today rumor has it that how true is no
it's true we're off eating penguins
today well gonna pass to come around
everyone tell everyone everyone tell
everyone what animal were most excited
to see i'm most excited to see I don't
even know what animals they've got there
I'm gonna say monkeys monkey baby
monkeys hopefully they got babies a
Gibbon not too big maybe like a little
spider monkey spider monkey yeah I don't
know if they've got gorillas and
gorillas there we go hello everyone my
name is Sean I'm excited to go to
Edinburgh Zoo to see the Penguins
because I want to finger in pick up a
penguin hoping for your turn I want to
see the oh you know there you get oh
good I'm not all good you're just
staring at me I know you're inside see
the Panda
panda pen popular popular days for the
zoo days is that today yeah the Panda
what give my father me up there you know
oh yeah I'm excited for guinea pigs - do
you think they got guinea pigs
I don't want animals I just look like
rhinos not big then maybe a hope then
we're gonna have to wait and see they
were about two minutes away from the zoo
we're just popping in Tesco to go grab
some breakfast we don't know what
they're going to have there here's some
of the animals they got wanna meet this
boy want to give him a cuddle I've just
downloaded the app just so we can see
where all the animals we want to find
are but I think what we're going to do
is we're just going to walk around and
see what we bump into I've just seen
apparently there was a pygmy hippo a
pygmy hippo popped you and when you told
me once that we could get pygmy giraffes
I got so excited when I was younger pop
it on we could get pygmy draught and I
was like I'm gonna get one that's the
pet that I want ruff to go see some
crazy animals I don't know what's in
here hey so been two wrong
hey mister binturong you don't think
he's awake yet what is in here smelly
animals
hey a band egg full of banter hello
Hedwig hey let this Hedwig can you see
Hedwig hey hey he looked us it's a ban
tag this so cute he's so sick he's so
good at rock climbing
they lay on bustling get down apparently
we're about to see some koalas and very
very excited I think they're all inside
at the moment look at this one to sleep
in thank you
when a quorum is born is the size of a
jellybean make it blinder with no ears
I require court into the pouch that's
one judge palmistry it's sketchy that
big
if you come you should bring a booster
board or a Segway oh that's how we're
gonna walk out leaving do you mean yeah
I can't speak that we're gonna walk out
leafing look at this little guy just
chillin literally sitting like a human
with his hands in his lap or we go and
get that snapchat get that my blood so
weeds open your mouths oh these are like
my favorite ever look at the golden one
look at him oh my gosh look at these
guys
Hey I think I want to give him you know
if I had a monkey I would love a monkey
his arms are there that's so sir he's
literally my favorite animals ever I
cannot even tell you how much I wanna
cuddle one where's the golden boy gone
he's chillin over there I don't know if
you can really see him got our well he's
on gonna feed the Penguins
I want to be able to swim like that this
guy's my favorite the big one up there
like
here we go dan this means business we're
just getting shown the armadillos
excited about see little four month old
baby oh my gosh so yeah this is the
newest addition so this is the first
time we've ever bred three-banded
armadillo' s-- at the zoo so we're super
excited
well oh wow I love how it all goes into
each other hey so that's our three bands
but they're hastely
and our teal playing they match up it's
just like an even cooler guinea pig guys
I found a Pokemon hey me we give them
like a supplement for impairment like I
feel a them kick this the woman's just
getting her sister out she's been told
to keep an eye on her
guys we can't lose her she's going very
quick mommy oh oh wow their mom's fast
Mama's gone yeah you guys see the pandas
bye he was so cute they were just like
even cooler they were like evolved
versions of guinea pigs I love them just
as we went to leave again we looked at
the webcam on the app and the pandas
have woken up what we need to go it's
this way apparently this is the only
place in the UK you can see pandas
he's so Jill just gobbling it up what do
we need to sing panda panda panda panda
and and and yeah trying to eat some of
the bamboo like see if it tastes good
yeah oh my gosh it's Amanda go on eat
some have a bite howdy I Shawn I'm gonna
buy you this you have to wear it for the
whole time we're in Edinburgh at least
if it rains you're all good what was it
the same size the same one
it's actually really comfy on my neck
we've just left the zoo that was a lot
of fun a lot of animals we saw today the
girls will jump back in the car
I am knackered it's Lydians are we in a
massive car we just popped up to the
place for overstaying I quickly edited
weblog whilst everyone was getting ready
pop back out to go get some food because
we haven't really had like
for lunch today they have to be quiet
people we fear will pop them back out to
go to a pub to go get some food and
upload our videos hopefully as good
internet was much good that was draw
again
sure here we go
daylight robbery this is calling it
I love with her tiles just ordered the
food and I'm having to rush out because
it's ten minutes past 4:00 you know I
said I hope that I'm good internet the
internet was like honestly I can't even
describe if I pressed upload
probably would have taken six days and
that's not even in exaggeration that
upload speed was naught point naught
nine megabytes six minute upload thank
you so much Apple write blogs all done
I cannot believe that the vlog is going
to be up on time
I just xo8 she said the food has just
arrived on the table I need to get to
this restaurant hall so quickly also a
big shout-out to the lovely woman in
Apple Store who came over and gave me a
laptop charger my laptop would have died
otherwise so thank you so much and thank
you for watching my video as well
because she said that she watched my
videos oh man that looks insane went for
a vegan burger with cause Yeti fryers
finished up all of that delicious food I
had beetroot burger very very tasty
considering not only the biggest fan of
it true that I went for I just thought
no this camera battery's flashing as
well I just put it I thought it's a new
one
I thought I charge this when mother one
just ran out come out to Harvey Nichols
we're upstairs shoe shopping
the girls are downstairs sunglass your
fence is dangerous
this is varied especially in this shop
this is so dangerous I really like this
I really like them as well I've never
seen them before
especially that's why
he's always been looking at some crazy
shoes but they don't have them in her
size this is the goals everybody a
chocolate lounge and chocolate just goes
around you just sit there and it
delivers chocolate to you choice just
come on yes boy yes Troy boy that can
happen storm so he's uploading that
video does the upload going it's going
good got my new job before I give the
video a thumbs up if you like my new
Jamba we finish uploading zombies blog
all done
Sean's dancing to the back pipes that
playing over there my man in a kilt very
very traditional Scottish
all right now we're now about to cross a
bridge over to the other side which we
haven't actually been to whilst we've
been here it looks so awesome
looks like Harry Potter imagine having a
flat like up there that would be so
crazy we're off of Cockburn Road
probably my favorite road we've walked
as a bar Cockburn love it say what say
what pop like there's somebody
performing now it's Marcus Butler it's
Marcus Butler I've been looking for all
day yes it's the water only it's
actually him oh my god tonight you seen
a comedy show just walking down now I
have no idea what to expect
thank you so much for joining me because
I've just come in this seats over here
if you like I come around there's also
goods seized the bench so you don't have
to stand at the back it's over we're
just walking back to where we're staying
he was so so good I don't know if I
fully explained basically a woman called
Lucy who works for gleam she would have
been in tons of videos of mine that was
her boyfriend and he was just doing like
a stand-up show for free kind of thing
and then you tip at the end if you
enjoyed it it was an hour long which is
like super super long for stand-up
comedy to be able to keep going for an
hour it was wasn't insane like I
expected it to be good I didn't like
oversee the internet to be bad but it
was so much better than what I thought
it was going to be the unit you never
know if it's going to be like the kind
of comedy that you like so yeah it's
good for someone else yeah I've never
ever seen or heard of any of his stuff
before there was one joke in particular
I didn't want to feel much of that no
there's quite a few Menards like
throttle off in my head balance yeah but
there was one when he said at one point
that once he tried to break up with his
girlfriend after being with her for a
year and she just said no and then end
up staying together for another two
years because he just couldn't break up
with her because she said no they're not
breaking up that is literally oh okay if
Shawn ever tried to break up poppy she
just like may not know we're not
breaking up and I was like dying so much
anyone in Edinburgh who's here for the
Fringe Festival I know it's only on for
like how many more days like two or
three more days or something if you're
if you're still here or you want to go
and see something you have to go and see
it so funny I'll leave all of his links
down below
I'll leave like Twitter and everything
and I'm sure he'll be doing like more
shows around the place around the
country around the world yeah
actually around the world because he was
saying he did some in Australia so I
leave all this details down below you
guys need to go and check him out you
need to go follow him and everything he
is
like no destruction then he is
absolutely her light that was so good
we've ordered such a big wagon armors
Marx and Matt have gone back to the
hotel now I just fell asleep on the sofa
with Zoe I've no idea what the time is I
think it's about midnight did you have a
lovely day yes I'm just so tired I'm so
tired oh I can't see you anymore oh well
I was gonna end the vlog I hope you're
having a lovely day hope you enjoyed the
zoo hope you enjoyed shopping with us
and just travelling around and
experience in Edinburgh subscribe if you
haven't already guys smash the video of
the thumbs up if you're feeling nice and
I'll catch you in the morning for
another day in Scotland I'll see you
then good night first time don't worry
we'll edit that one out
hahaha
