see you later good morning guys good
morning as you seen so far we jumped up
fairly early I found it incredibly hard
to get up this morning we had breakfast
like buffet style which was delicious
Zoe's back at the hotel editing at the
moment getting her blog up and
everything and signing some stuff for
you I don't know just stuff for you guys
and stuff for you guys and we're off
shopping don't really know where we're
going on what to expect but then we've
got about 45 minutes spare before we
have to head back to the hotel and then
leave to drive up to Scotland to
Edinburgh heading brah I'm excited
got another long drive today the
architecture here beautiful you haven't
been to liveable before highly advise it
Louis sprinkleofglitter went to
university here and if you ever speak to
her for even more than 10 seconds she
tells you to get to Liverpool it's just
our favorite place in the entire world
goodbye those two are off to go and get
Poppy's from new clothes or something
I'm going to try and get a new camera
for you guys because well not just for
you but for me as well because as you
know I've been looking to get a new one
of these for two months now if you were
as sold out everywhere
I've even went into August yesterday
here didn't have an in stock nope nope
they don't have it we're gonna have to
stick around with this camera for now
we've kind of got to be back already in
ten minutes to leave and we've only been
in one shop so far Zara
I just bought Zoe a couple of bomber
jackets that I saw that I knew she'd
like probably got a dress and a bomber
jacket as well and we're going to try
and pop in just a really quick visit
five minutes to urban outfitters you can
just tell this admin outfits from the
look of it I don't know how this has
happened but Zoe's come way being the
best off from this shopping trip
she's got the most stuff and she didn't
even come I didn't get anything
somehow you got the most stuff without
even coming shopping yeah
like Shawn a night Shawn and I didn't
even get one thing you got two bags oh
but I love that that's cool isn't it
yeah love it love it love that rock
check yeah nice that's nice like that so
if you put in there oh you're gonna
bought everything honestly the best are
alike it's time to say farewell time to
say goodbye to this amazing view and
this amazingly massive hotel room
farewell goodbye did you get your makeup
from in here you know you had some bits
in there umber you got it all I got it
right okay
oh hey autobots roll out literally like
Tetris you ready I don't want to hit
your I ain't going for it we good no
we're not good if we press lock on here
and the wind mirrors go in that means
we've got enough room yeah yeah it's not
properly we did it those get you right
back
done a 40-minute journey already oh my
gosh you see
there's my goofs over there this goats
in this car over here I don't if I'm
gonna be allowed to film these I might
get told off hey little guys hey
sheepies Hey
oh no they're running away oh they're
bit scared of me
hi anyways we've done a 40 minute
journey so far we're just stopping off
because there's a waitress here and a
Starbucks we're gonna grab some lunch
some drinks Oh some nearly run me over
some lunch and some drinks and then
after this we've got like three and a
half hours you only left I let them go
first
thank you after this we got a three and
a half hour journey left so I think
we're gonna try and do like the bulk of
it like two or two and a half hours and
then we're gonna have a little toilet
breaking everything and then we're going
to head back out for the last hour and
then we're going to be in our final
destination in England Oh
dangerous they've got Krispy Kreme
I mean yes not in that what did you say
Krispy Kreme Krispy Kreme how did I know
I know that these are the best ones
original thank you so much and refresher
that's it you also thank you
this is Marcus favorite drink oh I won
that green guy the other day yeah we've
just driven past the sign this is
welcome to Edinburgh we've officially
driven or say we Zoe's officially driven
from Brighton to Edinburgh you have to
be proud of our that is insane well done
Chloe loves our we've ever lived in
Edinburgh said it right that time keep
on adding G in the middle Edinburgh
it's not like that Edinburgh we've
arrived it is super hilly already
reminds me Shawn's like running around
like a little kid reminds me of Brighton
because thirdly place that says he lives
here also Edinburgh your Wi-Fi is not
great you need to sort that one out
having to go out to try and find the
spot to upload the vlog it's going to be
all good for tomorrow because I can
upload overnight even if it takes like
10 hours that's going to be ok
but right now you know that slips it up
my one of my dream cars the little
minute yeah that's the thing I wouldn't
fit in it otherwise I would get one
really really old-school one heading out
for a little explore I'm also heading
out to me up to upload my vlog Zoe's
blog and Sean's new favorite this video
look at the cute trams even those have
Wi-Fi I think we just hop on
that way fun literally jump on it here's
their Wi-Fi if you guys don't already
know
Edinburgh Festival is on at the moment
which is like had Jaques explain it that
described there we have it in them we
have invited it's like there's music
there's well perform the whole city is
taken over by people perform in people
doing like comedy nights singing dancing
like whatever
that's just like a festival across the
whole city I'm guessing this is one of
the locations because I've called cute
or like bars and tents and stuff out
that architecture here is even crazier
than Liverpool it literally looks like
Harry Potter look at that are you
commonly see it's so dark in the camera
I feel so relaxed now you're relieved
Apple Store I love you as always thank
you for lending me your internet I mean
and then I can lend it some shoes death
but thank you so much my vlog is now
uploaded was about to go up any minutes
just processing so Israel stop loading
Sean's upload in how long has just got
left
oh it's done hey how you doing I'm
saying
yeah right we're back in the Apple store
you got to have a look at this because
you know the other day when we're
speaking in the vlog and Sean and I was
saying that we want to make a jokey
track we want to make a music song yeah
a music song I mean that's how that's
this how I hope songs needs it we want
to buy one of these to plug into our
laptop and then we also might wanna buy
one of these a groove controller and
then a little to limit mic a little my
phone to me this makes sense like this
or something it obviously come away and
it takes like what four hours to get to
live for four hours get here so on the
way back we've got eight hours to play
with or if you said
in the last vlog they were going to try
and do on a train journey no but we can
do it while we're here because we've got
the place where we're staying
I think we're saying here for like three
days or something yeah we can make big
drought house with them there I don't
know which microphone to buy this three
it's throwing me off with the same brand
this running this one this one I'm going
to be in your blog no you can't you want
to be in it right there we go what do
you think you think our tracks going to
be good making a song yeah I might quit
YouTube guys I think I'm going to going
to go from a musician
why laughing laughing at my new career
someone's tapped me on the shoulder hey
we got all of the music equipment get
ready for the new track do you know what
people are going to actually think we're
going to do drop one of those what's the
video that's going around at the moment
we wear you dis yer cell phone yeah dis
track but what's it called this is so
gross yourself that's the one Zoe
everyone we're not making a roster
subtract we're just and less yeah again
I'm gonna roast you in my trap I'm gonna
make a second drought I'll be the one
who like sits down and the Dean
literally cry my eyes haha I'm good I
think I just found Marcus box Butler
Marquess hey Marcus Lukas joannec lab
yes he doesn't want to grab the food
looks incredible but just saw some
people passed with the most amazing and
complete sir we're not eating now are we
I say metric
hey I'm saying nibbles I think that's
not even a slice the size that this is
the full-size pizza but I'm saying what
we do is we eat something now and then
order delivery later yo look at those
shoes they look incredible so jealous
thank you
he knew what it was about should we find
out what's in here
oh I know there is someone in there go
Sean go go Sean
go in your little house we're trying to
work out what to go for
I think let's go and ask how good is the
sweet potato is it amazing it is what we
saying sweet potato or the veggie chili
Oh seaside this is meant to just be a
snap we've got dinner later on but it
kind of looks really good I think
between you a 60th Street judge salad
and chips
it's my different let's do it yeah that
looks really good look at yours
oh no I will edit that one out
don't worry we'll edit that one out as
well first time don't worry we'll edit
that one out
I just give it up on life right now
we're back at the face for staying that
was beautiful outside oh my gosh the
view from these windows incredible our
dinner has arrived and it looks also
we're watching the Great British Bake
Off which is really really good here we
are
what does it finished what this was
still on we watching another cooking
program
well that's chose that's why I thought
it we were watching it before but I've
been on my laptop for a little bit our
jamie oliver's has just arrived I am so
excited this looks insane are you guys
are when you guys went pajamas your cozy
I feel like I should go put my pajamas
on now before I eat if you got cozy
trousers on it right that is it
I'm going in here I'm going fur where's
my stuff got my coffee tracksuit bottoms
on it's time to go to bed though he's
been in bed for like the last half an
hour so reading nice now you come and do
it if you want it'll I might Sally hell
of a day he's getting charger like ma'am
hi pop LA I am washing my penny you get
a far no more too far oh you're no
Knight errantry in a knight 500
apparently I'm not cuddles are you
because she's reading can I speak to you
I'm not like and I look at you can you
look at me
okay she's not allowed to look at me
this she's breathing so we can't talk
you can't look at me and we can't cuddle
oh I've just realized that I didn't end
last night's blog I swear I literally
filmed getting into bed and then didn't
end the actual vlog so I hope you
enjoyed it if you did give it a big old
thumbs up right now it is the next day
for me and we are off to go do something
crazy
crazy exciting so get excited for
tomorrow's vlog this one thumbs up if
you enjoyed it subscribe if you're not
already and I'll catch ya tomorrow bye
guys I love how dark the hallway is
Groff see it's so big
