yeah this is looking good
tuck that right back in oh no when you
get the rest we need to see whether we
can fit my drone in I don't think it's
going to go
Oh droney boy
no but the parcel shelf oh I'm going to
miss you so much you don't even know
that we're going away you don't even
know
goodbye Missy I wish you were coming
we're having a party your sat-nav
there we go good morning guys good
morning and welcome to the adventure
we're often a trip today yesterday you
saw us preparing you saw us get in the
car that we're in right now the Range
Rover Evoque and today we are off on the
travels we've already started we have to
say goodbye to nyla which was very sad
she or she always looked so like guilty
no not guilty that's not the right word
she looked so solemn so sad like a big
eyes and just look at you like like Dory
finding dory the new wife
not red God and he's a control I've got
like dollar now and I'm going to pass my
camera around and want everyone to say
one thing that they're mostly of their
composite design she's driving one thing
they are most excited for I am most
excited for and you don't like to say
the same things just finding cool new
places when Zoey and I went to the vine
to be flogged or eyelid white trim Zoey
we didn't bloggers I mean I went to the
Isle of Wight couple years ago together
I bought her like a trip away for our
present and in 2013 and we found this
like really quiet beach that nobody else
was on and we just have I could really
chilled awesome day so I'm excited to
try and find some spots that we didn't
know existed sure the line goes right
about my lap same to you think whatever
you want right so I did a little bit of
research earlier on and there's you know
you went on that ferris thing I'm game
prophet oh yeah ever good enough
only there's a massive one in difficult
I feel like this long I might be wrong
with this equation let's don't let where
to go so we're going to Liverpool on the
way up so four hours four or five hours
flow to our laughing alcohol we're going
to stay the night in Liverpool and then
go to for another four hours on to
Edinburgh but there's the thing with the
swing so I really want to go on so I'm
just looking forward to seeing the whole
town of edible and see Loch Ness I'm
trying I wanna see negli go on a mission
to find your dressing I found it
it is he just had it oughta be all right
opieop tommy 'thunder yeah there you go
oh I hope he's done facebooking Jana
without spoiling the video God tell
everyone tell us towards the camera tell
you what we may start actual don't look
as white as the you know I'm a no I
can't forget me in oh just you
don't get anyone else I stood there okay
I'm ace excited about finding a nice
restaurant
don't you ever know related like just
finding some very nice babe places
the same thing you said needed to pick
with you I want to feed the Penguins
I want a cuddle and I'm really excited
to go to the world of illusions oh I
just realized apparently there's
dungeons as well from the edge of
production I saw his burst excites the
eight hour drive I'm most excited to try
I'm most excited my epic massager
obviously give me one yet I think I just
I'm just excited to see that all the
like old past Mahendra like a caboose
tree so like yeah
sorry short hooker yeah that was good
that was good
you can say that now so that's what
we're up to everybody that's what
everyone's heads up what they were cited
about comment down below what you're
most excited about about our trip just
to recap we are off to Liverpool today
and half half way up to Edinburgh then
we're staying tonight in Liverpool in a
hotel we've got no dough but defray the
beer and then tomorrow we're driving up
to enema another four-hour drive but all
comfy all nice when the big old ringing
drover
and it isn't anything yeah we're going
to just edit it I couldn't keep my drone
in the car so annoying so it does a very
afraid of camera yeah we can just just
make that attach it to attend a school
bus or tow truck gets you kick down
money I forget things then first stop of
the day I think this might be the only
one actually the cause genuinely so
comfortable that it doesn't feel like
we've been driving for an hour it's like
it was a little bit longer now isn't it
just feels like we were driving for like
we haven't even 20 minutes or something
yeah we haven't even like tropical into
the tunes I mean even sight editing
yesterday's vlog yeah challenge to find
the girls anything they've gone greg's
KFC McDonald's Papa John's top fishing
 mas I can see papi in MLS got quite
a mix of food I got healthy salmon salad
that all quinoa superfood salad and then
I also kind of got some chicken popcorn
from KFC pop pop it
turn that ring go goodbye
but so we've just got out to grab some
more drinks and stuff like that we're
really really far out we're quite nearly
north now past Birmingham I would just
leaving poppy until I've been away from
her actually going right I'm gonna jump
in to go grab some stuff who wants walk
this so tempting to buy poppy something
stupid like this I just don't know where
that's gonna fit in the car we've just
had a switcheroo of all the seats I'm
still in the back you're not laying on
me
Shaun's gone in the front because he
feels you lord
allow me that's on there just go ahead a
cause Shawn's been on his laptop there
is 100% no chance the poppy was laying
on me it's so hot my nice
why isn't air coming out oh recording on
this
I'm gonna eat my salad and I'm gonna eat
my chocolate raisins no sharing sharing
did you say Sharon Sharon Sharon Sharon
Scheiber family we've just arrived in
Liverpool we're driving through the city
at the moment it's really really cool
looking there was a massive sign back
there that said love life love that good
driving Zoey very good you tired your
bum Aiken was it comfy than your mini I
think we can all say it so much you're
not going to wear that that's so heavy
the others have just gone in - always
room I haven't looked at all of the
rooms that like about going to poppy
insurance let me put them on Kim here
give them smooth yo oh my gosh that is
the biggest bathroom this bathroom was
literally at the size of a hotel room
that you'd get in New York oh my this is
mad look at the ceiling look at all like
the brick I think this building is like
a really old factory or something it's
called the Titanic you're wondering it
looks out onto the water the windows a
little bit dirty obviously because the
water but look like the building
opposites just like so derelict a
massive and I'm guessing this building
was also the same and then they bought
it and they turned it into a really sick
hotel this is so cool look at that I
want to shoot a video of like that all
the brick wall is my background who's at
the door
it was it so - now might you want to
shoot a video or the brick as the
background
I love how dark the hallway is because
obviously it's so big to light it up
would just cost so much lectricity there
we go
if you want to order attacks in this
hotel you can push it my god you do it
spin it around and which the button
that's so sick that's so awesome thank
you
literally can't see anything we've just
arrived at the docks we've been here a
couple years ago sure and that's why I
want to go down that imagine going down
that that would be amazing
we came here a few years ago with Louise
I was gonna bring my sunglasses out
decided to leave them in the hotel room
some reason now I literally kind of
Myers which is great so sunny why did I
not bring my sunglasses
it's beautiful here absolutely lovely
weather
Hey Oh No why is this not open we could
have got a sense of no no nuts what am I
in the way was I in the way sorry
look how cute all the little wagons are
no ice cream one cheese on toast and
paninis this is cute they got like a
little love bridge kind of thing
although it's not a bridge just like a
love gate happy first birthday Harrison
I don't know if I should be reading
these is it nice to read them out and
people know what they're saying or is it
like a person within they're not meant
to read the first lock was this the
first ever one oh my gosh look what you
started
look what you started all of this this
is exactly what I need in my office if
anyone can build this let me know in the
comments oh my gosh imagine all of this
I would play it literally every day but
then if you guys are going to remember
this but where we are right now is where
Louise Zoe and I had a meet-up like
years ago and it was absolutely crazy to
the point where the palete like the
police turned up and they'd take us to
the back entrance put us in a police car
all the way to the hotel it was crazy
we're heading back to the hotel to go
grab some dinner we've booked a table in
the restaurant there tonight it's meant
to be amazing I can't get over how long
my beard is getting now like my stubble
it looks looks gross but it's in it in
between stage it's going to be nice this
place here is so lovely
Justin it some people are running down
with our books I think I just saw people
sprint alert the parents I'm running go
Sean go on go jump over at job
whoa look at these girls phone cases
they're so cool I love them tons people
have just stopped but that is what we're
doing tomorrow swan pedalos this place
is just so big and open is so like calm
here in a goal at the surface here is in
fact she even four-door still water
bubbler water 1/2 line about what you
would find
I've got two starters thank you so much
thank you
ah this is awesome thanks so much thank
you
how's your food going yes it is nice
petite this teeth just good good
I'm sorry mind that looks incredible I
can't even describe how Philip I am and
also I should say a massive thank you to
the general manager here it just came
over to our table or not the general
manager he says he's going to be in
tomorrow but they heard that Zoe's here
at the hotel and they just gave us the
whole meal and all the drinks and
desserts to our room completely for free
thank you so much if you're watching
brownie cheesecake oh my gosh down I
can't have chocolate coz on my chest
school this one's got flowers on it
it looks so fancy I can't eat one of the
flowers mangos
where I eat this picture on go on
it's the time of the evening or I need
to say farewell I need to say goodbye I
need to part ways with you
no won't my lame I need to end my vlog
basically everybody I need to go do my
teeth I need braces in and I need to go
to sleep because we're waking up early
tomorrow to continue our adventure forth
to Scotland to Edinburgh Edinburgh
Edinburgh Edinburgh I add an extra G
Edinburgh Edinburgh anyways that's what
we're going tomorrow I think we're gonna
spend the morning still in Liverpool
shopping around have a look around the
place a bit more because I absolutely
love it here and then we're gonna then
we're gonna hit the drive the four-hour
drive continuing up I know I know
No Zoey's been begging me you look like
the girl from the ring right now for a
massage which I will do because you did
lots and lots of driving today so if you
enjoyed the video and you excited for
the rest of the trip give this video a
massive thumbs up go down below smash
the thumbs up but if you guys don't do
it needs some lovely comments subscribe
if you're not already in everything and
I'll catch you in the morning we're
waking up Otto we cannot like ate after
we downstairs for breakfast 8:30 so I
see you bright and early in the morning
good night guys oh look at that
this looks oh it's got Charlock than
that it's got y'all look on that
