good morning guys good morning now such
quite energetic for me I really don't
feel very well today again third day in
a row where I just don't feel good
really don't I'm trying to make myself
feel good I'm trying to be energetic I'm
trying to stay positive and trying to
get up and get things done and act like
normal but it's just hard because I just
don't feel very well today
currently edit is currently 12 o'clock
lunch time having that breakfast or
lunch that probably doesn't help does it
eating probably would make me feel
better I'm gonna eat in a minute
currently editing the vlog now how are
you good Nullah
hey you're not Nala you're busy boy
hey buzz haha I'm joking I didn't
actually get them mixed up we've got
buzz over here today my mom is out with
her twin my moms have twin if you didn't
know don't know why I acted surprised
then she's been a twin all of her life I
just don't know if I've ever told you
that fact my mom is a twin she's also
out with her other sister they're all
meeting up going shopping and one of my
cousins so buzzy boys with us today and
he's a sleepy one his knee he's sleepy
where's your sister
she was Zoe look at my hair today
everything I haven't even had a shower I
need to oh my gosh look at it this is
embarrassing something really exciting
is happening today and I know I say this
a lot but I actually mean that something
really really exciting is happening
today and it's happening in 45 minutes
you know while ago we were looking to go
to Scotland for a couple of days and I
didn't tell you when or what was
happening we put the Scotland trip will
actually go in tomorrow morning poppy
and Shawn to come in as well but because
ohi's got a mini we're not all gonna fit
in the mini you wee but if if me poppy
shawn as i went in that mini we wouldn't
be able to have any luggage because the
boot is like the size of this iphone we
also can't go my car because I'm the
only one insured in my car
so therefore Zoe can't drive it and so
prefers to do the long drive she's much
more confident and better at driving
than me so she's gonna do I think well
it was going to be like most of the
driving but now is turning out to be all
of the drive n
why in a second so that means that we
can't take my car now the last car we
could possibly take it would be Poppy's
but as you know if you don't already
poppy also has a mini so again there
would be no room for luggage if we went
in Poppins mini
you know the other day when we were at
the summer party with all of the
youtubes there when Zoe and I were
getting in our car the car next Ross I
was like that is my dream car it wasn't
an Audi r8 that is my like dream dream
car it was a Range Rover Evoque if you
don't know what a Range Rover Evoque is
it literally is like the nicest looking
comfiest car in the world like it looks
so I've been in the before covered in my
friends ago an animatronic fender got
one my friend Simon mini Minter's got
one they're amazing they are like the
best car ever so we've only gone ahead
and rented one for a week like we're not
going to Scotland for Oi
I don't actually know how long we're
going for there's quite a few days but
yes we've rented this Range Rover the
only bad thing about it is that I know
I'm gonna love it so much that I'm gonna
want to get one myself and then the
positive to counteract that is that the
company that we've rented off you have
to be 23 years old to be able to drive
one of their cars I'm only 22 I'm 23
next month
so I can't actually drive it so the only
person that is going to drive there is
going to be as I and less like Sean the
pop you want to have a go because maybe
I know their names aren't down on the
one we booked it yeah the only person
that can drive is Zoe so she's gonna
bloom in lover life because an automatic
big car like that so comfortable it's
just going to be amazing
I'm gonna crack on with this edit I'm
gonna go make some breakfast made myself
some porridge and I'll see you in a bit
you happy that your brother's over hey
we've got double doggies today got both
of you haven't we our Range Rover just
arrived and I cannot even tell you now
seeing it sitting in it feeling it how
much I want to drive that damn car but
like I said with the rental company you
have to be 23 years old to be able to
drive any of their cars I'm 22 I'm 23
next month if we were doing this
a month later I could be driving that
car now I'm now off to go and get some
lunch / breakfast / no just just lunch
because it's literally like what even is
the time two minutes past two
I kind of just realized that I can't get
out of the driveway the Range Rover is
kind of in the way so I can't get out oh
look at that
this looks oh it's got child lock dammit
it's got a child lock on that Oh what
look at there this is so sick this is
even that touchscreen there we go hi
enough first time in the rain G okay
okay let's get the aircon a little bit
down yes cool it's so high up and big
and the guy said who were renting off is
it is not actually that much bigger size
why is that my a three it's just a lot
higher up so it feels bigger yeah
yeah we like the same width as the
actual road and now we're going back to
my car I've got the biggest bag they had
so that we don't run out again thank you
so much
hey guys straight back in the car and
heading off to go and help papi shoot
some blog pictures I've got quite free
day today trying to just oh I'm trying
to just take it chilled today I would
have just ended up being stressed and
then I just wouldn't have been in a good
mindset to leave tomorrow to go away on
the trip so so I've left today quite
free what we doing then what am i
helping you out with your mid open is
that why I came over just to pop this
are you serious I'm going to show you
out
thank you yay yeah come in shop wake up
in your face you make Gordon
Alfie that time there smoking I don't
know if you guys know but Shaun got a
p.o box recently I'll leave that Shaun's
address down below you can't send me
parcels there
you can't send Zoe Buster's there or
poppy this is purely for sure anything
okay you can't send poppy anything with
my name on it or Zoe's name stuff like
that it isn't going to come to us so
please do not send stuff to she want to
be a box for us it's purely Shaun's
so a dude called let me show you his his
business got sick look at that then if
it's in focus
it's at kick posters posters calms down
his name is Dan Shaun's buddy on
Instagram I follow him as well got
really really cool stuff a lot of things
to do like sneakers shoes trainers and
he's a setup some packages
we sent a big box for short but inside
it says one to Alfea so I'm going to
open this and he's also done like a
poster size a poster for me oh that's
thick there's more than one oh there's a
hey guys wait see it over there that's
so sad see what Sammy
yeah me nah wow that ministers is named
on their signature a key posters that's
so cool
that is awesome get this on damn I'm
loving that
what if you finish your one like a boy
that is so sick okay they actually say
some of you've probably seen it how cool
is that
Soph Madonna that's so sick it's like
that it's printed loads for us as well
thank you so much I'm going to should we
all sign one and I'll give it away yeah
I think we should get everywhere I'm
gonna give one away in this video all we
have to do to win what should they do
comment down below thanks Dan
have you puppies put green you'll give
the video some love you guys know to do
be nice
I'll find somebody who's being super
nice and send you one of these or fact I
can always send a couple he's printed
lower loads I'll send you guys a couple
be nice deal with the good stuff
subscribe I just turn off the camera and
then realize half an open this yeah this
is to happy
let's see what he's put in there this is
more like his stuff always right Israel
NASA letter I'm not gonna read out and
camera so in here we've got awesome own
cases
well there is all these boys literally
look match my eases that I'm wearing and
then oh y'all some F actually haven't
got air freshening my coracle yeah so
now you've got those I've got some air
freshness in sneaker shapes
Easy's nmds nmds sticker of his boys
hand or a pink as well get your phone in
case you ever got a phone case and now
things are smashed up there now you can
protect it I got these some more
stickers this goes like Christmas down
some more stickers and some t-shirts
sick yo that's really cold pink t-shirt
you guys love the pink t-shirts
oh where the Big D show the movement and
then a black one as well Oh long sleeve
yeah he's got a good answer thank you
very much but all of the good is we've
been spoiled we have him not going to
show you any short and stuff he is
shooting stuff bought his videos you'll
have to watch them to find out
I just realized that I haven't vlogged
for like three or four hours we went
over to go see my grandma which was
lovely grand moff your what Jen hello
she's recently start watching all of my
videos and now we're back over here back
home why you guys whispering you're
talking about me what are you saying
about me yeah we're gonna order some
dinner tomorrow night going on no not
tomorrow night tomorrow morning
we're going on an adventure just showing
Shaun the new car what do you think why
we all still west room I don't know what
we insure on a stand over here tonight
so that we can leave early what time we
leaving tomorrow morning
but knowing me nice very ambitious hour
10 where we'll be ready today I said we
fully packed everything tonight and we
put everything downstairs by the front
door I don't want to sleep at tonight
because I want to get up do my makeup
dinner's arrived oh I only got some
chicken satay and not no no me dance I
did I got chicken satay and maybe some
spring rolls it's midnight the girls
have gone up to bed Sean and I tied it
up all of the stuff from dinner and wash
we're watching wait where's Nala well no
she wanna bet no I think she don't even
I don't even with an awesome I've seen
her yeah I bet you poppy stolen and put
her in your bed I'm all tucked up in bed
and if you can hear what I'm watching
super that is corny like past 12 o'clock
everyone else does fast asleep I'm not
gonna go to see when to open is watching
this film super bad it's one of my
favorite films if you haven't seen the
film suit but I think it's like 15 or an
18 it is so so good
tomorrow morning we leave we set off for
adventure hope you're excited I
not wait we'll get up like five or six
days or pure fun pure adventure we've
got some crazy stuff booked and planned
to do along the way me Zoe poppy and
Sean it's gonna be so good give the
video a thumbs up if you excited for the
trip we're about to do subscribe if you
haven't already get down below it's
literally free tip the subscribe button
now catch you tomorrow good bye guys
bambam water bamboo water ah I didn't
even know that what
