bambe water bamboo water ah I didn't
even know that I know Chris good morning
guys good morning I look like I'm still
wearing the same clothes as I went to
bed in last night which I actually am
but they're brand new and they're
comfortable so I just put them back on
this morning you are about to film a
video for Joseph's channel he's got a
fancy microphone but we can't get it to
work at the moment I reckon I want this
one ready there see all his empty
folders looking good it's me to work in
I'm a true three to one no there is SD
card in you working knowledge started
loving Zoe again today haven't you she's
actually been on me all day she won't
leave my side oh yeah do you love mummy
again yeah we have to make it about is
your microphone good yeah really good
okay we just finished filming Joe's
video I'm not gonna say what happened
but somebody had to eat some neh SDS dog
treats like proper fishy ones just going
to edit the main channel video if you
didn't see yesterday's video with Zoe I
basically hired a private detective like
an actual detective to come to the house
you guys kind of showed it in my daily
blog but I tried to keep it secret what
I was doing last week and he came and he
like put everything on us and measured
all of us and we could ask each of her
five questions whatever we wanted and we
found out the truth from each other so
go check it out and just editing that
now would it went up last night for you
guys how you doing baby
are you still doing what I said he's
still sticking to the plan but ending
that you love mummy as much as me yeah
this is the reality of being with
youtubers editing editing and editing
thus literally always good in all day
sunday is the busiest day because
everybody uploads main channel videos
I've also got a daily vlogger and up
Jose Ronnie uploaded your dead book as
well
first because o is new Christmas rage so
that is six videos going up today
between the three of us so although this
is just the beginning of the vlog I've
got something super exciting plan to
happen in a minute once they've on Sun
all the editing we're going to be doing
something really really exciting for
this vlog that you're watching right now
because I've wanted to do it for a last
couple of days and haven't done it yet
and I also haven't done one with mr.
Joseph Segura here also this cam has
broken even more you know it's got the
two little black marks on the screen
floppy around picking noise I need to
get a new one I've never done a source
for a lord in our last beta Jonah knows
me oh I don't even gets it then it's at
the free trail to my own address
I never receive our curse bootless know
the thing is depends Max's fault lips
smacks Max Payne boy I used to love that
again that was bloomin scary that day
jump play yeah slow-mo right we're back
with sauced box this time we've got Joe
hello
featuring new guests every day I can't
guarantee you don't start that
here is it last week no anything oh well
she said she's one of the bosses I've
got a delivery
yeah pressure although it was good dose
of I didn't know what any of the healthy
things works a lot it's like really
healthy vegan stuffing look II just
Oscar so I'm gonna ask you this week
chose it
yes what what is me yeah what's been off
but no no Joe get the box you've got no
right yeah you know I would
okay let Joe take the first one to try I
think it hurts work we've got 20 minutes
until we have to go pick up our dinner I
mean the tumblers okay so we can't eat
them why not I feel funny this will bind
to an Amiga 300 and in the middle we got
come on let's do it yeah about the
protein ball code right here we go
show me olives why is that I this run
here the protein fall company these
protein balls have a refreshing lemony
taste all perfect but after those warm
weather workout our legs below
options like paper repackaging oh nice
and how then it looks like 15% poach a
lick put a hook through that and you
catch a big old carp with that oily oily
ready yeah teaches at walk I would put
in my mouth shut
hmm lemon cake mmm yum can that yeah
that's good I like that
JC food no oh I knew you're gonna do
that see food what's that what filming
right now my girl we got right there
morita-ya my grams of protein per chip
15 grams of packet that's quite good Bob
yeah off to the gym smash one of them
because I definitely work out all the
time
wait you always say nice things about it
with someone no no no no we show
everything yeah if you don't like it so
you don't live yeah do that movies good
mom I know I picked up yes a recently
like them they do I quite like no I've
always liked it it was called oh no oh
no this is cool yeah oh no laughs
where's Alvin lemon and Rose Marie oh
you don't like olives fresh green olives
and fears of sunshine well lemon a very
spring garlic but being honest I got a
fuse miss sunshine I'm not sure about
that actually come on I don't like
olives I'll just do it get a food source
box come a picture icon it yeah I live
on it yeah they are fitted I'm gonna try
this little bit sure the strongest olive
laughing kill me okay tonight know your
name
that's markup in garlic onion yeah
that's not it
Oh work Annie I'm all day long you don't
have to eat Jeff chose me golly yours
you could have mine I just had a little
bit of it very very young strong not
Stevie's now how did you sauce boxing :
once a month
yeah all right let's go lost your mom is
yeah well more just like trying than
what your thinks the way which is Owen I
use that is we try everything and then
our two or three favorite things in
order again with
order them not fire these but we just
gotta find the stuff online no I see but
this one here we can't we've got them in
a cupboard they're amazing recorded that
before anyways what are we doing Hey
look Inspiral crispy purple corn kale
chip now you know I'm not feeling this
now that feels nice
get it just kale you might not believe
I'm not fond of kale hey yo you're
kidding I'm not a big fan of kale I'm
sorry Marcus I'm not a fan of kale
go on just smell as like just don't look
like quavers do it smells like Duke
they're not bad though no I like that I
like that
what's this gonna drink it yeah yeah
bamboo or bambe water
bamboo water ah I didn't even know that
what family water hints of green tea
with a smoky of today's bamboo water is
less syrupy the maple this does River
water even more refreshing just tastes
like pond water yeah it had let me tuck
it Oh God God you ain't done right a
what they've done and just saw right
everything you've got you've got normal
water you've got a almond meal like that
you've got our milk you got you you got
your bloomin what is it well Paraiba do
you hate me like Milton but why now
every ylk wait bloody coconut water
ah coconut water the Truro fight as you
can squeeze juice out off to make a
drink out of it I guarantee next week
will be like that I think if you start
that it's less syrupy the maple or birch
water is it all dry really fast by now
some birch little oh my god Mildred we
should go get some birch water yes oh
it's so refreshing drink normal water
one of the benefits of this yeah I got
we are we haven't got to this point in
civilization silly drinking and
flavonoids flavonoid has flavonoids
that's what it has annoyance I'm gonna
be honest though I don't know if I would
drink that oh yeah I wouldn't buy a bar
drink yet I think it depends what
benefits it has is it not say on there
no I can tell you in confidence right
now I now get at all I'm really craving
some bamboo water come on let's just go
in
Shire oil I think these things
okay four big enough mulberries donut
all right yeah that is cool
boy smells delightful Oh oh my god it
smells like Christmas
yes it's not that opening a tin of roses
that's so good it tastes alike that's my
favorite so far that's a winner for me
not healthy as well
I prefer that of a bamboo or Terrain
dae-jung bamboo water I really like
those holy how many tons I like
chocolate-covered raisins oh yeah they
taste like vomit
they taste like Christmas in earth yeah
oh you know I hate to get them guys I'm
so excited for the Christmas edition of
source box juicy dried cranberries how
can they be you see Android I do like
cranberry is that not a bit
contradictive yep I don't eat them all
day long
oh my oh that's so sweet
our next month you get virtual I want to
be there for that one I love to try
birch for one give my opinion okay this
is the planet organic energize cheer and
vanilla hemp protein raw and organic
hemp that's what they that's like that's
an ambush a complains yeah it's the will
Easter of weed yeah isn't that like the
weed blonde is the sibling of it mm-hmm
yeah aa little bit brand yeah nice okay
basic vegan no jiggle it has a funny
soapy oh I really don't like wash wash
down some bamboo
I passed be Europe much water pop nope I
would you want mine peanut protein
begonia on this one yeah no I don't like
peanut have you tried this in before
mm-hmm how do you love it
I can just tell peanuts I'm rotating
this smells good
my papers and tastes great Oh try that
look like marry me like I bought protein
pot in the gym watch as I clean up it
was like this never moist it was like
this big and just sort like it was like
powder I think if you like peanuts
you'll really like this but I don't like
peanuts
well yeah I like that mmm tastes like
peanut butter it's nice but obviously
he's trying really how
coffee they didn't they don't um pad me
straight over any but you haven't
already that it's moisturize yeah I
don't find it that dry I actually don't
think it's that dry dryer yeah wait need
protein there's also these these are you
know drinks so you've got a Wow mint
organic yerba mate with peppermint and
garden and you just put it into your
drink yeah they're very good right Great
Britain rose hit that beat sound amazing
I love the some of these where you got
some under movin Gandhi water I'm gonna
go over the flower what you just
sprinkle them in yeah maybe it might
have to be hot that could be doctor
having teeth yeah right these oh my good
he's what we're going to cover raw cacao
and you tumor at least scrumptious
freaking bike mmm I really like that
munch I felt my dumped off this uni very
life viscous Minton oh yeah it could be
it could be very light of you powdery
protein who knows what's going to come
out like ever end this kind of stuff
Bay's good view and it is very nice
especially olives
what's your favorite everyone has to
pick the one plate oh my face oh I know
good buddies I know means they're gonna
be the same one yeah I said no oh yeah
that was mine as well these are
definitely my favorite dad out
okay look another one just to mention we
did get these as well these a cheer or
plant-based omega-3 no fishy taste Oh
mmm I do quite like this one I'm
actually going to take these are they
big that is the question I hate
swallowing in massive tub dad is 19 guys
though is quite small that's you
slightly irregular omega-3 sighs yeah
these were definitely my favorite the
chocolate comes near oven off more
breeze it is artful nothing it's not so
bad I think I gotta cut it drop it now
avoid it I'll tell we're now okay okay
well now that was my favorite so now
some bamboo water yeah go on
that's even wash one bamboo yeah so are
cuz I just want eyes want to test it
it's not gonna give me a consumer I have
maker three tablets sticking your throat
no it goes down fine but not you
like oh my Rama or Christ I did not
taste savory well if this doesn't have a
fishy taste then try this easy to
swallow and have adapted to fashion no
fishy smell or oculi yeah you go down
easy I can feel it like that now there's
my timid it will go down no thanks
right okay that's it that's the second
ask the source box for this month done
cheers cheers everybody I was going to
get here now I'm gonna subscribe oh yeah
Amazon though because now like if you
want healthy snacks or home lights just
say what you're editing or that like I
always get hungry when I'm editing and I
just want to like grab something like um
so maybe you don't use Excel or
something you can just order like 20
packets of healthy stuff that you did
like from this and also I'm terrible
work like doing food shopping so I feel
like a new thing every now and then a
month I come from a person but oh my
gosh of a food again
yeah that's it's like a wiggler little
snacks and we've just covered lots of
really cool brands from different so
much of our cupboard is full with yeah
house many brands up wandering the
Wonder they've gone through all the
brands there's so many maybe in like
healthy vegan brands and that is in a
boo matter yeah well they got every
different kind of wood water yeah so
yeah can't wait till next week we're
looking at willow water straight from
the heart of a willow tree do me a favor
one eats more these ones bamboo bamboo
he's going to pick up our pizza girl
that
it's time to go get our dinner it's also
incredibly late oh the screen it's also
20 minutes past 8:00 and we're only just
picking up dinner tons my friends
tonight have all hanging out for you
know my friend Morgan um you guys must
know him I went to the doctors fact I
went to the hospital in London to go and
see him because he had like some surgery
on his chest remember that if you don't
then you know but anyways it was his
birthday yesterday so tons of us are
going over to his place tonight to go
and have a game of poker I'm gonna have
like a poker evening everyone's heading
over at 8 o'clock although I did so
there I was gonna be late because we're
uploading with the videos not tonight
they went live at 7 then we're doing the
sauce box then we're getting dinner so I
think I'm gonna head over about nine ten
o'clock kind of thing anyways I need to
go pick up this dinner as mentally also
if you wonder what I do when I go like
this every time I'm on my vlog and I go
down here because we have this little
like remote thing that opens our gates
for our driveway so if you ever like why
I feel always like pits hand in the air
that my friend is why
I even left my wallet in the car
or at home I'm just really hoping I've
left it in the car come on
ah yes I did not want have to drive all
that home get my wallet and come all the
way back you will never ever be able to
find a nicer team than in that Pizza
Express they're just so bloomin lovely
last time they forgot to give me one of
the items I think it was like some
calamari or something I hadn't even got
home and realized that they had
forgotten it next thing I knew I was
getting a ring on my door they jumped in
a taxi to deliver hey nice new item just
to deliver the calamari like absolutely
insane and today I was just chatting to
them because delivery said that it would
be like two hours or something
absolutely insane to be able to get the
piece of express to my house not no
one's waiting two hours for dinner so
instead I just rang up jumped in the car
and came and picked it up as soon as
they could make it and he was all you
didn't order any drinks with your food
today and I was like yeah we didn't vide
anything is that you not want any cokes
and he sprites and I'd already paid at
this point and I'm like no no it's all
good it's all good we didn't order any
he's like let me go and get something
right now he'll get his I I insist let
me get them on me and he'd went got me
two bottles of sprite and two bottles of
coke just because I hadn't ordered any
just because I didn't order any drinks
room up that is so lovely
so if anyone is watching he runs a
restaurant or anything like that the
team in pizza express in brighton going
home actually not invited in home the
best team I've ever ever had served me
in a restaurant incredible P so express
managers high up people if you're
watching or if your dad or your mom or
somebody you know your aunty uncle owns
B to express or is high up you guys need
to give tips or bonuses or whatever you
can do to all of the members of staff in
the home Pizza Express they're insane
anyways I probably get this food home
stop man ting otherwise it's gonna be
cold bye Alan come on we're friends lift
my hand
that's what my heartbeat alright your
approach Therese you rolled over did you
do your little sleepy thing where you
want to be carried you're gonna make me
miss my train
yes you are yeah you are I'll see in a
little bit I'll be back I won't be back
too late tonight see you later see you
later oh yeah don't forget the boot okay
right guys I've just dropped Joe off at
the train station and we're now heading
out you know I told you early on that I
might be going to a poker night tonight
well I am going is 10 o'clock I'm I mean
technically I am probably late but I did
tell them I would be late so this is the
road yeah this is the right Road right
now I just got to find somewhere to put
them in park I'm well aware that I do
look a little bit like a thug right now
with my hood up and everything but it's
a pink hoodie so no one's going to be
scared of me I've also got tracksuit
bottoms on just being all comfy just
walking up to my friends now
I don't know how much I'm gonna film
because I don't know who's there and I
don't know who wants like who would be
okay with it on YouTube and who wouldn't
we just go and see what happens chaser
actually he's come from London I don't
know how but it is currently 1 a-m maybe
actually see 1:30 a.m. in the morning I
didn't want to say that late I was only
planning on staying like two like maybe
that 12 because I got there at 10
o'clock but you know what it's like with
poker everyone's just like oh oh one
more hand one more hand one more hand
and I even came up we all put in 10
pounds each and I won 13 pounds 40 so so
it must be pretty good at poker that's
the first time I've ever won that is the
first time I've ever won whenever I play
with those guys usually I'm always like
the first or second one out
it's timed and the flower were watching
a program about seals and dollars
running around the floor thinking that
she's going to be able to catch a seal
for some reason it's currently like 2:30
in the morning
hope you enjoyed the vlog if you did if
you enjoyed the source box opening with
mr. Joseph sug give the video big or
thumbs up to let me know let's see how
many wouldn't get yesterday's video I
think is on like 33 thousand so your
challenge is to beat that and I'll catch
ya in tomorrow we've got two dollies
we've got Buzzle day as well and
something super exciting is arriving
tomorrow so I'll see you then good night
where's the good one this is the best
run Joe this is the novelty making my
like mouth water just looking at it
