today is a big day today is a very big
day look at me right now what about you
why did you never tell me will I look
like a little potato in your in the
corner potatoes I go one thing to say a
one thing only
2014 Alfie is back in the house he's
back in the box
I've just had my hair cut and so he's
saying that it's short on the side so
therefore I look like 2014 Alfie and
more so than that like bloomin uploaded
on points blog tonight didn't tell
anybody
complete surprise out of nowhere
uploading on Prince Braga is the
one-year anniversary from my previous
video on my pointless blog channel some
of you probably didn't even watch me
didn't know who I was back when I was
uploading on that channel so this was
technically my second YouTube channel
and my main youtube channel was a
channel called pointlessblog why you
stopping on one video a week on it that
kind of stopped happen in a year ago
today and today uploaded on the one-year
anniversary of no videos girlfriend
versus sister number three so I'll leave
a link down below if you want to go
check it out you guys are showing it so
much love I want to see if we can get it
the most thumbs up the most commented
video on that YouTube channel but
anyways 2014 I'll be back today is the
beak the big day kicking off the late
start to the vlog with mrs. potato over
there my girlfriend no mm wait in
Joanna's back no it's a big day for a
big present we've got Buster and ala
here buzzy boys asleep in here
look it averted me did you worry in
summer I asked you a question yeah did
you worry in summer when our house was
so hot that we couldn't cool down yeah
our house would always be too hot yeah
our conservatory is so has so much glass
that in the summer is literally like a
sauna it was like a greenhouse anyways
yeah now it's really cool although we
got the fires on today is a big present
that was actually meant to be given to
Zoey in yesterday's vlog but I forgot
and I forgot to to present so I just
opened two presents now so you won't see
those presidents go to offices Zoey's
vlog and her spot you get even more
zoella today I'm gonna put these on our
table at Christmas three pumps did you
make the price on air did I leave the
price on it or did you leave the price
on air you can't read the price these
are really cute so if any of you don't
know these are three pounds 75 felt
table scatter
how cute are they I already have some
what are they called
like sequins like gold ones harmless
like sequins
I don't know cool cuz they're nice
little that felt different colors
Israelis down because the taste of them
on the table a table theme I'm going for
this year is gold and green so gold
green foliage perfect right color then
also it's a big day for another thing as
well today
tonight's lunch and also dinner is sushi
sushi days it I know you actually have
to cook me vegetables so I'm gonna have
some vegetables on the side
sushi days is back 2014 Alphaeus haircut
is back
we've got pointlessblog back we've got
Zoey's green foliage Christmas trees
no spot is back buzzes back over here
I'm gonna smash this sushi and have some
dinner
Oh whilst watching elf on the TV with my
massive green juice after my McDonald's
last night of what the biggest green
juice today and then we've got tons of
boxes deliveries that arrive today to
open together there's exciting okay let
me smash this sushi
I did try and warn you that I've got a
few parcels to go through let's start
off with the past for that I kind of
already started opening this morning Oh
lemon ACK this is one of the slamball
was that you'll love it we've got a TRX
kit here I've used it myself a little
bit but not enough I'm excited for that
oh you know that I want to start getting
into yoga this is a yoga wheel I
definitely did not order the pink one I
ordered a black one they've obviously
served me the wrong color
but it doesn't matter it doesn't matter
there's nothing wrong with pink looks
kind of like a big necklace I don't know
too much of what this actually is or if
it's just like a gimmick or it is
actually good for yoga but I saw people
like stretching their backs on them
these next to a real heavy a workout
just undoing these are you kidding me
there's another box inside the box
another slamball this one is 20 pounds
this one has a stick on the boxing heavy
box in yellow a 10 pound slamball this
is one soggy slamball it's like deflated
I need to pump it up but it is that is
heavy that's 25 pounds so we got one
stumble to stumbles through stumble for
stumble a yoga wheel and a TRX kit oh
and just a little bit of cardboard you
know like not much though just just just
a little bit
is past 1:00 a.m. in the morning some
ISM still awake drinking orange juice
not more so got to be up at like half
past 6:00 tomorrow in the morning
whenever I don't have to get up early in
the morning I go to bed really early and
whenever we have to go early in the
morning some reason choose to eat
chocolate at nighttime and go to bed a
real late so good we're going little
bird whilst we stood here one thing that
I should let you know is that the signed
Christmas posters these ones here look
at the foil all hand signed by me
there's hardly any left and remember
that if you do want one by Christmas
check on the kids to a website at the
top it says Xmas orders make sure you
click on that and check if you can get
your order before Christmas because I
just really don't want anyone to be
ordering anything late and that goes for
the popper sockets and the phone cases
too time for me to turn on these
Christmas lights or if you wanted a long
video today I know this one was a short
one I uploaded three videos today I
think yesterday for you I have loaded a
super long daily vlog with Joe and Zoey
and Taylor Swift and Ed Sheeran as well
I also upload to my main channel like
the main channel pointers blog video and
as well as those too
Zoey and I also just sat down here
cheered fuck off tower chatter to a lot
of you guys on YouTube live so that's
what my gaming channel if you're feeling
a good spirit if you want to do
something nice get the video thumbs up
subscribe down below if you're not
already tomorrow it's gonna be so sick
I'm hanging out with my friend Ryan and
his girlfriend Carol and Tanya and Jim
and Zoey I'm a gun bmxing and I going
rock climbing and actually I don't want
to leak everything we're doing
I got you toy good bye guys
