so just before this video begins I
wanted to let you know that you know
last week when I was filming the super
exciting secret video with Zoey and we
hired a detective to come into the house
to film it with us I tried to not leak
what was actually going on when we were
filming that video but that video is out
right now so before you watch this vlog
please pause this video now click the
link down below and go and check it out
go give it a thumbs up go and enjoy it
Zoey and I took a couple's lie-detector
test like we had a professional
polygraph man come into the house wire
us all up and we could ask each other
any five questions we wanted to find the
answers out it was crazy it was so so
cool so pause this video now go down
below check it out give it some love
it's on my main youtube channel and then
come back and enjoy the vlog I'll see
you in a bit good morning baby
how you doing should go and get you some
breakfast
hahaha giving them Oh stretchy stretchy
all right let's open up these curtains
and have a weather check oh yo that's
pretty nice actually that's really not
too bad good morning good morning good
morning guys had the worst night's sleep
ever last night my chest
you guys know like my chest problems
that I had like all of last year
still happening at the moment basically
if you don't already know I found it
last year loads of things that trigger
my acid reflux really badly and last
night I did two of those things I
shouldn't have done it but I thought it
was going to be okay but just hasn't
been too bad recently I drank alcohol
and I drank fizzy drinks shouldn't do
either of them did both for that beer
last night and I had cocktails last
night and living paid for it denied
where's Jay what how come you're over
there
no one ever sits on this sofa
justyou don't you get Nala oh my god
have you done this yet let's get your
butt outside go to the toilet good go
how you feeling boy you can give you get
or you let me get some food I was
thinking maybe we just live work you
serious to the house yeah they do
breakfast right now that eyes great with
delivery I've never even ordered thank
for breakfast before
wait wait wait Missy can they could go
now you boys need some food as well
let's see what we got in there for you
alright here we go boys no you can't
climb out that's cheating you have to
let me put it in good boy
no no high there we go
let me give me some more water
you're so sleepy the breakfast has
arrived
the one with extra bacon and extra
sausage that is mine and the dairy free
vegetarian that is chase I think we both
just the both left a brown bread as well
what just happened
oh no you did not guys I've just solved
that in front of Jay in front of J in
front where's your one is mine no it's
not where's your bloomin one it's
upstairs oh that is my Rubik's Cube from
my bag that I brought downstairs and
yourselves and ten no it's not I win
it's gonna be in that bag now annoyed
are you gonna be when you find that you
found it yes though cheated look at this
compared to this I guess come on the
beds all made all tidy for Zuri tonight
just got out of the shower Jay we need
an update can I see your solve it your
solved cube
right there with me where is that no is
my where's the cube the cube is so it's
really difficult
yeah the topic you know there's no
excuses
you either have or you haven't so Mike
you actually you guys know she's never
quick
their flame oh boy
hahaha Marla give me some give me some
poor not a poor good girl yeah a
thoughtless satisfy the video video but
sorry
you watch this tutorial you're a bad kid
you won't fall right you're a bad kid
honey there's your water can you jump in
good girl
here we go there you go so the plan is
to go bowling chase still thinks he's
better than me
even though I beat him last time so
we're going bowling just gonna kinda go
for a couple of games
LoZ five or six as you know Zoey's been
up with her family just spending some
time over the last couple of days up
there in wheelchair Jo's room with her
as well and I've just been on the phone
to Zoey Joe's coming back for the
weekend which is nice
chase Sammi hadn't heading off to London
tonight ran so we've got until four
o'clock when Jones are we get back we're
gonna go bowling for a bit Trey thinks
he's better than me he's not
Oh
it turns out the bowling is completely
booked for today so unfortunately we
couldn't go
we've just been driving around stuck in
traffic for the last like half an hour
not being able to get in anywhere so I'm
just dropping trade to the train station
and he's heading back to London a bit
early there's not really much we can do
really sad it sits on a bowl I just
wanna go bowling
so they ever want to do as soon as I
drop che at the train station
it just becomes a nice day there's now
blue sky everywhere I don't get it
I've just pulled up to Tesco now just to
grab some nibbles some food some things
that Zoe and Joe might like once they
get back tonight because we've literally
got no food in our fridge that's why we
had to order breakfast this morning
because we don't even have milk
we have nothing or actually we have
cheese that's a lie we have cheese and
we have cereal but we don't have any
milk right so let's go get some food how
you doing we're even sleeping have you
been sleeping I don't feel that great
today I feel just like a bit sore throat
a little bit just like you know like
before you get ill when you can just
tell you're about to get ill that's what
I feel that today I feel just like very
weak very tired
my throat's really scratchy like I can
tell a coffee is gonna come this isn't
good we need to fight it we cannot let
like I feel that right now all I want to
do is just lay down and have a nap on
the sofa and watch TV or something but I
feel like if I do that and I let myself
do that then I'm gonna get ill and I
don't want to get ill that's the last
thing I want right now but I can't even
speak it with him right
that's the last thing I want right now
also I don't if you guys can tell but I
haven't like trimmed my beard in like
four days now normally I trim it every
couple of days but I've been waiting
I've wait like four days what I might do
is just do like a month and see what
happens like just see if I could grow
like a little miniature bit I don't want
a beard I just want to see if I can like
these little patch cubits here never
grow and it's so annoying I mean we're
getting there we're getting there a
little bit look it's going to bear that
side not so much but if I grow it thick
enough then maybe I can just like push
it together look at the weather now
literally at ten seconds ago in this
blog I was saying that it was blue sky
and now look at it I'm back in bed we're
not in bed I'm back on my bed with my
little pup editing the daily vlog - got
tonight I've just had a bowl of porridge
and I'm just drinking some water with
lemon juice squeezed it out hoping there
that'll make me feel a bit more like
refreshed and a bit more awake but I'm
just getting the vlog done so I can't
blog for this vlog too long because I
need to get this vlog down for tonight
no no the doors going to go in a minute
and you're going to be so excited when
you find out who it is oh yeah have you
seen this I haven't even shown these
guys these shoes yet so Zoey bought
these online the other day look how
bright they are though I imagine them in
a nightclub when it's dark they're less
we're never gonna wear them though out
at night so if I was like I'm gonna whip
out the middle leave as a shuffle
yeah that's not you should wear them
when we go to the karaoke place yeah
that would be sick Jamie wait for last
night just lick it then where's the good
one this is the best run joy that's this
is the novelty it's not just keep it
don't lick it you have to put it in eyes
look fine it's watermelon flavor all
great nothing make it better making my
like mouth water just looking at it
it's a good hmm off to go and get some
dinner
we're going to get orders from Wacom on
this oh yeah how was your trip and Zoe's
car I was did it right your back because
he always mini is like it's all right
but I feel like I need to work on my art
muscles a bit more I guess are there
more spots if I'm in a car for too long
my ass eight yeah it's like my driving
lessons cuz I learnt to drive in four
days
yeah so I deliver like six hours each
day and I'm not used to sitting down
from car just on me my son
ate so bad no chance anyways gonna get
some food here we go we've got so much
food we're watching dynamo at the moment
on the TV and apparently this is the
night that jokes you guys know I went to
can see dynamo I saw him Brighton Joe
saw him in London at the o2 and Joe was
there this night that it's actually on
the TV button Catherine and apparently
Casper goes off on stage in a second
that's what he is
don't know that doesn't look good
movie and all that there's neither
that's so random real it you just
sitting down watching that that's my
claim to fame you've made it yeah Oh -
oh yeah Zoe is forcing Joe to have a
face mask I'm glad you're here otherwise
it would have been me they don't know
I've got nothing to do you know is that
the cayenne pepper ever smells pepper oh
it's not okay you wait Joe it starts
burning in a minute really it's
literally chili on your face
that's me divine I'm going to kick off
more likely to get in you're right you
don't stop talking which is your wife
over this room have annoyed you that
nollans me more than you now she does of
course she does look at her
NOLA she loved me more than mummy so
I've been looking after you wash mummy
ran away Savage I've got eyes closed
because oh he's pulled weight I've just
wanna do bought me a present
I bought you presents last week twice
why why elite where's my press oh yes my
doggies back up here with me no no I'm
not gonna like these I'm scared
whoa whizz it Nala just crapped herself
careful don't aspire ladies find out
yeah I don't like this movie with a
bloomin blanket thank you no look yeah
Oh
swimming clothes it's not as nice think
kadhi I do like that that's really soft
pink t-shirt yeah
ah some comfy butter well fuzzy just
playing it as a finger I will wear it
try try the hood young you go to seven
whatever you're laughing baby seal alike
from the small but you know that let me
try not be swamped your knees are shot
oh no gay pinky show ya Columbia 5000
rocking tisha demo
yeah we're the pink of the day in your
legs and we'll teach on top and some leg
oh it's really nice I like it is long
yay now stand on one leg
nobody could be on my either on the
bottom half
there we go driving in town uh-huh
Teddy Toby nunu tell you to be custard
nears the bloomin yeah the telly tubby
custard was pink oh yeah it any WI so
tentatively toast with our junga I don't
think that used to cut in this Marty
patient I like the neck on that yep
I'm still not feeling 100% guys then
just like really weak and although that
still knit one join Accord bed coming in
right yeah stopped end the vlog I can't
even speak my throat so she loves me so
much more doesn't she so whenever one of
us goes away for a couple of days not
always soaks normally it's always me
like if I go to America for a couple of
days I went to went to New York I come
back home and allas literally like hmm
don't care at all that you're back and
now she's doing st. and to Zoey but for
the first ever time normally she does it
to me oh I'm tired I'm gonna end the
vlog now thank you so much for watching
today if you enjoyed it give it a big ol
thumbs up let's try and get more thumbs
up go on yesterday's vlog see how many
thumbs up it's got and let's try and
beat that I think it's got like 27,000
or something
subscribe if you haven't already I
hopefully I feel better tomorrow really
still just don't feel good I feel yeah
there's our week and weird
goodnight Oh as you're watching this
I've got a brand new video out and it is
so so exciting so I leave a link down
below so Zoe and I I'll catch to my
I mean I may have gotten the show of my
hat on today I didn't turn it on I
didn't turn it only I realized before I
turn the shower on
