good morning good morning do you get
embarrassed when I shot and probably I'm
not at all poppy hates it
how you doing guys today something very
important is happening because it just
went and it got everything it's got a
little bit far recently it's got a bit
too much cause I'm going to admit okay
you know I wear a lot of hats
I mean I may have gotten the show of my
hat on today I didn't turn it on I
didn't turn it on yet I realized before
I turn the shower off but I did get in
the shower with my hat on my head today
because I'm just so used to wearing it
so in but my watch isn't it right why am
I even wearing a watch if it's not right
in ten minutes I'm getting my haircut
hey of course all right we're back Hey
of course yellow stir so as I am I'm off
to go and get my haircut
although we're having any breakfast yet
today I've fed the guinea pigs I've done
all my jobs that I need to do whilst on
his way I've kept everything clean and
tidy fed the guinea pigs fed Nala
taking all out and walk this morning had
a shower were nearly with my hat one
bird the guinea pigs to Nala no fed the
old dammit because I'm not meant to do
that
all my hair is cut short so it's all got
I really don't like it
thank you so much I ain't just thanks
for that I mean it's definitely not too
late to go back get it put back on
anyone so hair extensions let me know
sure how you do it thank you oh we're
about to get hit by van watch out -
Alfie let's rate your haircut it's
cookie boy Ted no definitely not my
friend show me those thighs as well well
sure yeah look at that pull off on the
top dodgy an empty body right want to go
get some food as usual we have not had
breakfast yet we have had a smoothie
rewinding the afternoon the other day I
went to a veggie restaurant is kind of
like a deli vibe me and poppy and Shaun
it was the same day as pride I think it
was it was amazing cheese vegetarian our
friend is also meeting us for hey my
friend is also meeting us for I'm gonna
say brunch yeah well no I'm just gonna
okay is a solid line to cheetaway
it's like one it's one o'clock so it's
just lunch these guys want to go for
pizza
I'm throwing out the healthy option of a
nice vegetarian salad she agrees with
the vegetarian salad don't ya yeah thank
you
exactly better than Pizza yeah hater as
well no
let's get some scooters you know I
nearly bought a scooter the other day I
added a scooter to my Amazon Prime
basket the other day but I haven't
ordered it yet I really want one you
can't even bunnyhop you'll break the
floor going you got that right you ready
for this yeah why you scooter shaming
that's so not cool we both was fine
I look at you doing it all in one hand
to bitey why don't we both buy one of
these you see whoever can do it fast
it's gonna be you cause you can do it
3x3 well no it's different isn't it yeah
buy one when Jay and I both just bought
a 2x2 each you happy just to prove I did
it now look boy I've just solved mine
already damn it I'm taking my dad it's
broken I got in so Vic and I've my money
back imagine somebody trying to return
it because they can't solve it it's
really hard to mix up though look like
all the colors are so close to each
other well yeah because there's only two
by two squares did that done I haven't
actually solved this guys I just haven't
mixed up yeah guys I've done all of that
side all of that side three of that side
three of that side basically I have to
just switch these two and then I've done
it oh good then Jay just show Jade he's
like God I know I'm just pissed off why
you pissed off you've already done it
and I haven't done earth you bought it
like a second we're still on the same
road that I could get right by the time
I come back from my meeting I want that
done
that's your challenge I've got six
minutes until I've got a meeting on my
office I need to run trades getting
annoyed because I can sell more than him
but I can't solve a 3x3 Rubik's Cube
which is technically harder but because
I'm like used to doing that I find it
easier this is a 2x2 my aim is to get
this solved by the time I meet back up
at a off to my meeting I'm gonna try and
solve it in my meet and without them
noticing the meeting and just going
downstairs and letting the people in now
I'm having the meeting with look how
lovely she's tied to draw the office up
for me
this looks amazing she's even got like
little healthy snacks out on the table
why should probably move my rube
actually not will liver there I do want
to solve it in this meeting I'm gonna be
that guy and say that I'm not allowed to
tell you what this meeting is about but
it's very very exciting and the thing
that it's about is hopefully launching
in like six weeks so get excited have
you managed to solve your cube yeah I
don't know my cube looks would be
different now blumenau long story short
have you done the cube yes all right
these guys are idiots on back home I
have no idea when I lost blogged today
has been very disheveled shall I say
I've just edited yesterday's vlog for
you one minute until it goes live which
is very very exciting
so have you enjoyed that what game are
we playing what did we just play for
planning ahead yeah that's fine I'll
just beat that alright so I did I've
never played that game before
that's me one just said before you play
I know but then I hadn't played lay
mines I hadn't I thought I'd made it but
I hadn't played it can we just discuss
I don't mind you don't mind losing Jay
who won okay okay hold my hand who won
how happy is that me yeah although you
are getting better at the Rubik's Cube
yeah give me some bro no you would like
make him fight me out in the blog I love
you baby
okay right I'll be back in a couple of
hours I love you
hey how you doing
thank you just come out for dinner
Jay is making us eat tons and crazy
veggie food a long time no idea will it
work Fontaine I don't know you just
bought two of those this is what it is
what is that it looks like a meat
there's like a chicken way
this is only some of the food we've got
way more on the way we've just finished
up dinner we're now heading into my
office which may sound a little strange
but we're going to play table tennis
those guys are playing table tennis
let's get one of these out no no cover
your face bro is it powerful I'm gonna
get the blue one out just so that these
guys don't shoot me
we've moved to table tennis table it's
going to be these nut bollocks
everywhere we've got enough war so the
way what you do is you put it forward
them back no no no bro that's baiting
you oh my god
yes if I shoot yourself in the stomach
well now forward and now back again no
another set that's it oh just get it
bounce back do it against the wind it'll
bounce right back sure
straighten the penis go okay that's not
too bad doing the same yeah
are you better at table tennis than you
are at bowling we agreed that the losers
could get shot
come on yep do you get shot each and us
or just one okay
basically these guys just be us 2119 we
just beat them it's our turn to shoot
them yes
I'll shoot it hot little ogre pull it
back and forward this step now pull it
forward okay
oh yeah three two one we need to get
shot we just lost 2-1 you can cycle
whilst they shoot
no llores is going to try and shoot was
no way we're don't stand in front of him
there's only front of him because he
hits it at you and then Trey's gonna
swing the bat
3 2 1 3 2 1 3 2 1
where's my little doggy hey baby
hey coming in this car sew it together
let's go to the toilet good girl have
you missed me tonight have you missed me
have you missed me just the one that you
wanted bloom a neck I think it is it's
midnight and she's this wide awake this
is like when you give a kid chocolate at
nighttime and then you decide they're
never gonna sleep this is not oh right
now no no it's midnight it's very late
I'll see you at nine o'clock nine
o'clock coming let me see come on
should we get sleep and that's kind of
when I fell asleep so I hope you enjoyed
the vlog if you did you guys know what
to do I don't even do I even need to
tell you do I even need to say give the
video a thumbs up because you always
give the video a thumbs up you guys are
crazy
yesterday's vlog right let's quickly
check so yesterday I think I challenged
you to get a 30 mm or so I'm sitting in
like nice warm position because I'm like
the next like cooked out yesterday's
vlog already has three hundred thirty
three thousand views yes thirty six
thousand three hundred ninety eight
likes your challenge is to get more
likes on this video than 36 thousand 398
go down below smash the thumbs up button
subscribe if you're not already tonight
for me which is tomorrow for you Zoey
and Joe are coming over and staying for
the weekend so get excited for some sug
family vlogs and I'll see ya to morrow
good night and you can work to make your
own dreams a reality and not somebody
else's and I'm being honest like I've
done this myself when I started making
YouTube videos
