I see you in a few hours little one
you're gonna be a good girl
yeah see you later baby good morning
guys good morning good morning good
morning how are you doing serious though
how are you actually doing like I want
to know how you doing comment down below
we used to do this all the time
comment down below how you're feeling
from a scale of 1 to them yo it's a blue
sky now I mean over there it's so cloudy
over here it's and that's where I'm
going anyway so comment down below how
you're feeling on a scale of 1 to 10 in
life not just today overall in life and
if you're not feeling a 7 or above let's
do something together I will honestly
try and help you me and you watching
this video we're gonna do something to
make your life a seven or above if your
score is currently not a 7 or above tip
number one do more of what makes you
happy in life there is no point living
for other people if you're working a job
for somebody else and you're not
enjoying it you're working to make their
dreams a reality you need to stop that
don't stop the work don't quit the job
but in every single second a minute an
hour of your spare time you need to work
on something that you absolutely love
your dream job maybe it's not even a job
yet but you can one day turn that into
your job and you can work to make your
own dreams a reality and not somebody
else's and I'm being honest like I've
done this myself when I started making
YouTube videos I didn't even know it
could be a job and seven years later
some crazy how I don't even know it is
my full-time job this thing that I do
and it's possible for you ever that's
painting pictures however that playing
football whatever that's been a gardener
whatever it is that you love to do and
if you don't know what the thing that
you love is yet that's completely cool
that's fine I didn't know what I wanted
to do for years and years and years go
and find it go out there start loads of
clubs loads of hobbies do loads of
things and find out what your passion is
and then make that into your job is that
a good way to start today's vlog
yo that was deep already okay so today
I'm meeting up with my friend Matt you
guys I think you've met Matt in videos
before he's basically the photographer
that I use whenever I want to shoot
really nice images and today we're just
meeting up to shoot some photos I don't
really know well half of the day we're
shooting photos for Pb March my
merchandise stuff and the first half of
the day which is meant to be now I meant
to be leaving right now you're
distracting me
we're shooting just pictures for nothing
really we don't really know what we're
shooting for which is gonna take a load
of nice images maybe they might go on my
Instagram they might go on a poster in
the future they might go on I don't know
I literally have no idea we're just
gonna try and do it loads of nice
pictures and see what happens all of
these traffic lights aren't working jeez
this is so dangerous okay wait now they
are they all work in they just went off
for a minute
okay so I've been shooting out and about
with Matt for the last couple of hours
we got all the pictures that we need to
done outside and everything and now
we've come over to do you remember a
while ago when I was filming videos for
whilst I was away I came to her talked
with the artist residents and it's like
this is the location so absolutely
amazing that's the beach the West Pier
the I 360 thing that new thingamajiggy D
they've given us two rooms today to just
use for pictures which is lovely of them
so thank you so much of those guys this
here is one of them they're just so sick
like they just look so cool I love the
style look at that got another one and
just setting up some some posters and
stuff I don't know if I've told you guys
but we're shooting a load of PB match
pictures today as well and this is the
other room some similar kind of style
just so cool on to the bathroom I love
with the woods and the brick I want
brick walls I'm so jealous that's so oh
my good look at the side of the bath
it's just basically just photo shoot
photo shoot photo shoot today this would
you guys probably think I'm weird
talking about how nice the wood is
doesn't even look that cold
no that was blooming freeze in that day
oh my god we're shooting pictures of so
many items that I'm not allowed to show
you guys and things that aren't out yet
so I don't know how much I can I can
show you hidden oh yeah we're now shoot
some little bits on the corner
got loads of stuff hanging up in here
look at this all the new stock is now
going to come with it actually printed
in rather than the label come on better
that looks so cool isn't it compared to
that that's the old stuff it just has a
label in it that isn't mine and instead
of that we've now got this it looks so
much better that way sighs man yeah
let's go great photo shoot is all done
all finished it's currently hot path to
heading in heading down now to go get
some some food
this bag is definitely gonna break you
know this phase when you just lose track
of time and it's just gone before you
know it that's today the vlogs already
gone live finish the furthest shoot
everything went incredible having
amazing lunch I don't even know if I
showed you air we kind of had like eight
dishes between three of us very very
full up incredibly tasty
I was just sitting down reading for your
comments and everything when I got to
knock at the door
these two wait don't say anything don't
say anything because I don't want to log
that these two are about to film a
collab Poppy's here as well I think
she's like ordering sushi or something
in the upper room knowledge here as well
we just been on FaceTime with Joe and
Zoe and these two are about to film a
clap I'm not gonna tell you what it is
and leak anything you're gonna when's it
going up guys I think they're both gonna
cry or be sick that's definitely gonna
be crying
I think say 100% cry I just want to say
like
I just want to say that when it comes to
my few permit we'll have a good time
guys oh my gosh oh my gosh it's a very
dangerous video in fact is more
dangerous because there's two videos
that kind of make each of the other ones
worse you guys would have to see hello
how you doing your hair looks crazy oh
there we go now it's no more they've
both finished filming their challenges
let's just say that that won't even
speak my self but they're not feeling
too good not feeling too good
are you saying what you've done or not
how you feelin we know we haven't we did
a chilly as challenge they did two
challenges one of them involved chili
and but not like Chili's do you mind
sumac I'm talking like the sorceress one
of the sources called hi 1009 stupid
sources 100 it was bad
hey man I just want to go to sleep at
one point you literally didn't make any
sense my nose is gonna bubble yeah and
then Sean sits on they used one and now
we've got loads of sushi look at all of
this amazing food you feel like eating
you need to eat to help settle your
stomach
see you later guys good bye
see maybe tomorrow
he's sausage sausage sneak up to bed Jay
I'm talking to you sausage that I was
just talking all about so keep the aim
seriously lit one come on George a
common one I do doubt you're the same
height as me let's just leave her see if
she comes see in the morning I don't
think she loves me she's having cares oh
he's not here no no she just wants me to
pick her up
come look she's so silly have you seen
what she does this Jay Jay says he's
waking up at 6:30 in the morning to have
a cold shower and then go for a run
around the beach why would I pay you
is it a charity run or just a run you
all get some sleep know what else I
never said the I'm joining in on this
okay you say that now it's morning awake
you'll be fine what time you act you
waking up what time we waking up night
number two of sleeping on my own well
actually not sleeping on my own I got
this little silly sausage you tired yeah
why did she look scared a midnight
because she was literally like yawning
she was so died she's been asleep
downstairs like an hour right it's time
to say good night
it's time to say farewell thank you for
watching today's video
I hope you enjoyed it I had such a
successful day photo shoot
helping chafe and Shawn film their
videos dinner with poppy and Shawn and
Jay looking after this little sleepy
sausage all day got load of work and
email e stuff done yeah I don't even
know I'm telling you I've done because
you've seen more or less everything that
I've done tomorrow I've got a super busy
day I've got a meeting a temper
I've got a haircut 12 o'clock and then
I've got another meeting at 1:30 but
it's going to be fun I'm going to try
and make sure that all the meetings are
super short and then we can have a fun
packed full day for the vlog chains
obviously staying over she just saw and
we're gonna try and wake up early I
promised him that were both gonna wake
up at 7:30 I mean I don't know no I'm
gonna do it I'm gonna I'm gonna put all
my effort in to wake up early for him
tomorrow I need for some buns yellow on
my lips like I got such a bad old sir do
you want to say anything before the vlog
ends do you want to say goodbye well
good night
oh you're so cute
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it yesterday I set you the
challenge of 29,000 thumbs up in the
vlog I've just checked it now before I
go to sleep and there is already 30,000
likes and I haven't even gone to sleep
yet and you've already broken there oh
my gosh okay your challenge we're gonna
go big we're just gonna do it okay
32,000 thumbs up that's your challenge
go down below hit the thumbs up button
let's get 32,000 also I've been doing a
couple of giveaways recently on Twitter
this is right which if you don't already
follow me here and I've been giving away
quite a few bits of my merchandise like
a beanie at the moment I'd jump at the
other day I want to start doing some
more I also want to do some more
giveaways in the vlogs or maybe like
some more vlogging cameras or some
tripods or some camcorders or some
whatever so comment down below some that
you would like me to do like to give to
him what I did I went into the Apple
store once and just bought a brand new
Mac laptop and gave it away to one of
you guys I'll catch you guys bright and
early tomorrow morning subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll see you
tomorrow good night guys I didn't get
back though
