good morning good morning little one oh
all right then
she's just like yes yes get going dad
come on we know that's super fun can you
smell all the different doggies Nala was
like everything tell ya that's it bear
create your own agility course through a
tunnel through a hoop hurdle and long
jump no I wouldn't even do the tunnel
Nala never gonna do long jump I don't
think you're then then you got long
enough legs good morning guys good
morning I welcome to another video today
so far you joined me we just went to the
pet shop to go and get some stuff for
the little guinea pig 'yes who are about
to get all clean and we bought them a
bloomin big treat as well wash with our
apple and biscuit dairy dari i don't
know looks amazing
boy are you ready to get clean and we're
going to trim your nails and trim your
hair as well you're going to full
makeover you had a bath this morning
neither why you shaded me today
whenever i turn on my camera another for
a shade on me mother come here let me
show you them how clean you are come
here
come and show them your glossy coat look
at it look how clean she is look at
Percy I do that's Pippin I didn't see
his bum I'm about to cook up my lunch so
he actually made me breakfast this
morning in bed didn't ya porridge with
honey and banana absolutely delicious
for lunch I'm just going to cut myself
up some salmon with soy sauce do you
want anything for lunch or you're not
now where they not go up the stairs you
guys think couples goals is sitting on a
yacht with your girlfriend drinking
champagne
this is the real couples goals cleaning
your guinea pigs poo and now we're just
cutting the kiddies nails
here we go Percy you need your little
shampoo guinea pig shampoo who would
have known if I'd known I was gonna say
thought that's gonna say no no I know
you can have a little bar Hey that's a
perfect guinea pig sighs we should just
fill this up are you making it fellow
it's one was there for service in that
scene possibly need I know I know I know
I know but he would proper jump out
what's happening so Euston Allah who
just like sits in there good for me I
just want to do your little feet can I
know them good boy and it's all done
look at their clean new house for their
treats you play football mate mm-hmm
time for me to make myself some food got
some salmon I just cooked and I think
I'm going to have a packet of quinoa
brown rice red rice and quinoa this
looks so delicious things got a bit
carried away I've got quite a lot of
salmon no no no guys
so he's off how long are you going for
though he's going for three days she's
leaving me say a goodbye message goodbye
don't forget to feed the guinea pig no
not to me a goodbye message to everyone
else um well I'll be working on my
channel say you have one chance for a
goodbye message and you use it for self
promo
so to you good bye guys I won't see you
on here for a while but look after Alfie
make sure he's behaving himself and let
me know if he isn't trying to get out
it's gonna make you guys Jonah get out
of them now it won't come on
I stole it I didn't get back though
hey like my lips like brushed you love
it
Nala you get annoyed because mummys go
in she's gonna miss you so much do you
think you're me feel many well yeah
mommy's never gonna see you again
she's moving to Australia yeah
five-thirty you saying goodbye to her
yes yes Oh
I'm acting like I'm going collectivist
so long guys I hope you're fine without
me
yeah your realize how much I do in the
house when I'm not there yeah that looks
like what play is she putting on and
just a little bit of her Justin Bieber
no you're not what we put on Christmas
playlist
yeah I just feel like it puts me in a
great mood it's good for a long journey
isn't it
just me and you baby just me my little
doggy for the next few days just me and
you
she's gonna miss show you so much I'm
gonna miss Zoey as well but probably not
as much as now that we need to have a
little chat okay
just me and you and these people
watching the video we need to go to the
vets we're going to go to the baths and
you're walking away we're going to go to
the vets it's going to be nice they just
have analytical check up there's going
to check your weight just check that
your health is that okay yeah
should we go come and then let's go it's
going to be nice
you'd think she was excited to go to the
vets flip it up
go on go you been a good girl now that
was a very very good girl at the vets
why don't you have a drink no they're
trying to drink I don't know if I told
you but she had a puppy checkup today
not really so sure if she counts as a
puppy she's about to be - never
it hasn't buzzed his second birthday
next month that's so exciting
do you want your dinner do you want your
dinner all right here we go baby
there you go she was so good in the vets
I felt like a proud dad you know she
just sucked there between my legs just
waiting nicely in the waiting room she
was a little bit nervous when we went
into the actual like vet's room she was
bit like all but very very good overall
just sat there chilled I was giving her
some treats she was laying down what's
they did all the checks and everything
very well-behaved
good job little one good job now it's
time to sit down and read the comments
because whilst I was out my vlog went
live or just before I went out so I need
to sit down and read through all your
comments and see what you're thinking of
the new video I seem to always get one
comment at the top of every video saying
is anybody else watching with no socks
on why is I don't get it I don't get why
that's the thing listening to my voice
answer who I went to see yesterday if
you didn't see yesterday's blog go check
it out I'm off to go grab dinner with my
friend Holly you all know Holly my
friend Jesse you probably don't know my
friend Vicky you probably don't know off
to go grab dinner with them need to pick
holly up first I'll see you in a bit
just bit Holly up she's got a master
plan what's your plan what family huh
she said I'm having a meet-up in
Brighton I need to rent a venue
and then I happy planet planet it will
be crazy
no gym properly so we can hire like a
penny we have set the crepes
we can absolutely I get Holly is going
to plan you guys a meet-up and I'm going
to go yeah we're heading off to dinner
at the moment like I told you guys
although we can't get through to even
with our friends so it might just be us
to this rate darker thank you so much
beautiful about to get a camera man
follows around
he might never
hey we're actually get a thing I'm just
your cover my see you figure out did I
hang out this is a fun game anyway game
recording I don't know I don't want to
go they do it
yeah
my crib
well
I'm coming
this is hot
this one will be
I'm all tucked up in bed now guides that
was such a lovely evening with my
friends I knew her you want to film too
much because I don't know whether my
friends Jessie and Vicki a couple on
camera or want to be on camera or I
don't know I just filmed a little well
actually I didn't think I even filmed
anything I think Holly just stole my
camera my cobbler times and film some
bit so there may have been some footage
from the meal I haven't seen what she
filmed yet all I know is that she just
took the camera a couple of times it's
so weird being in bed and just nobody
being here why say no but it means
always not let anyone else ever sleeps
there
well actually tonight neither is aren't
you baby yes or look at that stretch
okay laugh you die in the Mummy's space
I've got a photo shoot at 10 o'clock
tomorrow morning so I need to get some
sleep it's currently half past 12:00 at
night I've just been in bed watching
later YouTube videos watching loads of
daily vloggers and stuff let me know
actually your task today is to comment
down below with a youtuber who you watch
but you feel other people may not know
about I want to check out some new
youtubers that I don't know about I want
to watch them I love watching daily
vlogs I don't know why I just do I think
it's just this is the same when people
ask me why why do people watch your vlog
zelphia
I say I think it's because people just
have like a nosy instinct like a natural
nosy instinct to find out what other
people's lives are like and I for sure
have that because I love watching daily
vlogs ok right my camera battery is
going Dignan inning is about to die any
second if you enjoyed today's vlog give
it a big ol thumbs up guys go down below
your task is 29,000 thumbs up that's
what you have to beat today we've got a
couple of days without Zoey so it's
going to be strange we're gonna make it
fun though we're still gonna have a lot
of fun Kenny hanging out 9 looking
FaceTime her as well we're gonna hanging
out my sister got a photo shoot tomorrow
morning like I said I I really should
get to see you now guys subscribe if you
haven't already is so
easy literally go download hit the
subscribe button to see more videos I'll
catch you to more oh good I can be
really loud in bed there's no nice to
wake up self knowledge that she's like
so sleepy
goodnight what you done whilst on that
you've literally got a beard have you
seen that laughs yeah I like a rolled in
mud
what I gave
