apparently these grapes taste like
actual candy floss probably tweet about
them this morning did you say
yeah he tweeted like oh my god Candido
Oscar I've never even heard of this I
have but they're always sold out all the
time I don't know if like right this is
the first time I've ever seen them and
I've looked for them like for two years
ready yeah oh how do they do that
that is insane I almost don't want you
to put it wait where are they from to be
able to buy them Marks & Spencer Marks &
Spencer County coffee grapes oh do then
it's candy floss great season apparentiy
wait trace do some good ones everybody
go and try them except from people in
Brighton otherwise they're gonna sell
out and then we won't be able to get
anymore I'm joking seriously that insane
on another one that's just crazy good
morning peeps good morning how you doing
thought we'd start today's vlog outside
because the weather well I don't if that
wasn't good idea actually I was gonna
say because the weather is amazing but
it means that I can't believe my eyes
because the Sun is literally like
shining in them how you doing baby you
good you enjoying the weather we just
took the cutest Instagram picture ever
and I'm not saying I'm not the cute
thing in the picture Nala is like she
was literally sitting here and she had
like one poor on me just looking up at
me like oh my god it looks so give you
didn't see I'll put on the screen now
anyways how are you guys doing I hope
you're having a lovely day wherever you
are it's Sunday at the moment for me
which means it's kind of like oh my god
handle her she's literally playing with
a little stone are you guarding it are
you hiding under your chin what is it
AHA I think these are Zoe's but I'm
gonna put them on so I can actually have
my eyes open as I was saying today's a
little bit of a chilled one it's Sunday
and I think we're gonna spend the day
just like relaxing we're gonna do a lot
of tidying there is so much mess in the
house that you guys probably don't get
to see in the videos but I've got so
much just clutter like I've got like
my kayaks inside I've got like all my
camera gear because I took it back here
from the office so I kind of need to
have like a big tidy up Zoe's also
tidying up a load of stuff she did some
shopping the other day and I think we're
gonna try and go for a Sunday lunch as
well I think we're just going to take it
chill today see what happens get a lot
of things done that we put off that we
do need to get done for example with the
rubbish look at all of this mess we need
to do the bins I want to show you
something so exciting
look at this oh my gosh
that is ridiculous I think it's going to
happen today
11 million subscribers owee you're so
close sorting out so much stuff that
we've needed to sort out for ages and I
just found this this says to Zoe from
Jess now just gave me this parcel it was
either in new york or playlist' I can't
remember I think it was New York I'm
sorry just like forgotten and I couldn't
fit it in my luggage to bring back over
so I gave it to Louise to take back for
me she had enough room in her luggage
this just proves that I do keep both Zoe
Nike everything that we get from you
guys so so Louise brought it back over
for me and we didn't see Louise for
after the ages until the other day she
came down to Brighton for the day and I
hung out with Zoe for a bit and she
brought this along so Jess Zoe is only
just looking through it now I believe if
I can remember rightly your sister has
an online shop and some of the stuff she
thought Zoe would like maybe it's your
shop but I feel like it's your sisters
and this is it here we're going to go
through it we're going to look at it all
now I'm sorry that I haven't got back
about this sooner Jess we only just got
it the other day and we haven't looked
at it also we haven't seen it at all
yeah so Jess I'm about to give you a
password that you gave to me either in
Orlando or New York
kazowie there we go Jess what does it
say oh my gosh New York was it New York
I thought isn't it York
that means I've actually bumped into
Alfie somewhere in New York City if
Alfie had space in his luggage then you
should be receiving this card with that
if not I'll send it to your peer box
don't you RHS Louise had enough space
look all of these is it her shop her
sister yes I knew it is her sisters No
so sweet thank you yes
what nothing ah that's so close like a
little crop we'll say what she try and
say shan't say that you're weird yeah
she knows you're weird you these are so
nice just when it's like hot weather
like today ah that's so cool what have
you got on your mouth you sure I just
thought I'd add that into the blog and
show you guys that we do actually look
through and read everything that you
guys give us even if it takes like four
months for me to get it to Zoey she will
get it look at all of that I don't know
if you guys had seen in the vlogs but
there was so much mess there before of
mine and I'm showing it all out burn in
the right places
I'm currently outside emptying our
massive shed there is so much of
something let me show you in a minute
oh I thought you were gonna kiss the
camera haha who remembers the picture
like the first day I got this bike I was
riding at home this one here and one of
you guys took a snapshot of me on the
bike looking directly into your camera
like I did not know they were taking the
photo it was just a random car going
past and it looks like I'm posing for
the picture it is like Israel it's the
funniest picture ever I want to go in
some more bike rides this has been
tucked away at the back of our shed but
I'm putting it right back at the front
so I can go on some bike rides soon I
bought something a couple of months ago
and I bought them for a video a lot of
them and I wanted to do something really
really fun but a lot of youtubers
recently been doing videos with them so
I've just put off doing anything with
them at all they've taken up all the
entire room in this shed here because I
make daily videos and I try and do like
fun I don't really just film my day I
try and do fun activities in the day to
make the vlogs fun so that I'm having a
lot of fun so companies end up sending
me to put in my videos or I end up
buying tons of fun gadgets and things
but yeah this stuff that I bought so
many people have been using them
recently in videos that I don't it's not
worth me using it and then all of my
comments just being flooded with that
I'm copying this person I'm copying that
person it's an unoriginal video so I
just haven't used them but I but before
I give them to charity I just wanted to
show you guys how many I bought to make
a fun video with that I'm never gonna
use now are you ready to see how many
ball pit bulls I bought look at that
literally it's as high as our house in
ball pit bulls like I said I wanted to
do something crazy with them but it's
not worth it because there are so many
people out there that have done videos
with them and I honestly bought these
like months and months ago like I bought
these so long ago and I haven't got
around to using them yet but now so many
people have used them in videos if I go
ahead and make a fun video of these all
of my comments are just going to say
that I've copied every youtuber ever and
now I have no idea where to put them
like what the hell do I do with this
just walk in to go and grab some lunch I
think I said earlier that we're going
for a roast dinner papi and Shawn if I
didn't and that's what we're doing
hey this is called never sat outside
before this is so cool this will be
awesome in the evening oh my gosh so how
are you ever gonna eat over
yeah you think you'll get eat all of
that I'm sorry Zoe isn't too hungry
because we kind of a comic there just
before we came out
and as she really wanted me to get a
roaster that she could have some of
there but I kind of went for mussels
which she knew I would've NER I got I
got some vegetables he asked for us to
share goli got my - your muscles I was
mafias market this looks crazy this
sounds like Greek yeah I've never seen
muscles like that in the UK
let's different bought yours ya know
you've got your food coming as well
you've got your horse coffee you lovepit
use us your favorite vegetables net
there we go
where's my doggy doggy doggy doggy doggy
what have you done to your pen look at
the shape of it that's not in the shape
we left it is it baby and she's gone to
find mummy do you remember when Zoey
used to play this game with gnarley'
when she was younger I regret it if
you're getting a puppy anything you do
with them whilst they're a puppy they're
still gonna do when they're older
forever
I'm just warning you because dad and
Shawn used to play a game with puzzle
with the time where they used to get the
bin bag when they're putting a new bin
bag in the bin and like shake it around
and let him chase it and stuff like that
and bark at it and he still does that
til today and it's so annoying like if
you're at mum and dads and they're
changing the bin bag there was nothing
you can do to stop buzz going crazy
because that's what Sheila dad did with
him when he was a puppy and that is the
same with Nala and coming out of her pen
we thought it was smart and funny and
fun to play hide and seek with Zoey so
what we do is I would open this Zoey
would be missing like gone and now I
would have to go and find her somewhere
in the house so now anytime I come home
by myself like when Zoey's still out all
like now when's oh he's just gone to the
toilet it's not cos she loves you more
she thinks she's played hide and seek
nah she doesn't know it's not it's not
look at that they're watching coming in
let's go to the toilet coming in sri
provoked purse she believed octopus come
here are you ready go oh um you kind of
missed it you missed the octopus
go
good girl let me see it let me see it
what no don't go out oh my gosh
yay we got a caterpillar gay gonna flow
out they - oh there's mommy hittin 11
million I'm singing indianature haha
every time you hit another mili and you
always do that yeah you have to do it
for the vlog doing the K I never I
didn't get it in here sorry
11 million subscribers 11 million that's
enough now right I said now you can stop
nobody else subscribe
you got enough it's too big it's getting
too big it's too out of control there's
too many of us now what will we do we
can take over the world
Latika you've got more subscribers than
people here come on for president in the
United States I mean go for it there we
go zoey is running for president
Kanye watch out jump watch out Hilary
watch out though he's coming for you 11
million subscribers that is absolutely
insane you've already got 100 more 11
million 1
hundred and one I've just had a bowl of
cereal because we had lunch like we went
for the roaster a weird time is 4 p.m.
when we went so it kind of wasn't lunch
obviously it was late but then it kind
of wasn't dinner because it's 4 p.m. we
normally do about 8 p.m. so so I just
got a bit peckish and had a bowl of
cereal just need to put those candles
back most subscribed female bloggers in
the whole of the UK that is crazy but we
can be uses candles they barely even
went down at all since mummy and daddy
both have been yummy food to celebrate I
thought I'd get you something yummy say
congratulations to mummy I'm so tired
and we've got a super addy actually not
an early start don't know I said that
all it's really not early but we're
filming tomorrow I don't think I'm going
to tell you even tomorrow I'm going to
try and hide it as a secret from the
vlog but Zoe and I filming tomorrow
morning in my office and we've hired
somebody to come along for the video and
it's I don't know I've never seen that
like a youtuber do this before yeah no I
think it's gonna be I think it's going
to be insane like it's gonna be so crazy
we're not read the video I think you
probably going to be your favorite
zombie video ever but it does mean that
we should get some sleep and get ready
for tomorrow it doesn't know it's 20 to
12 Israelis or 20 to 11 or 12 22 12
nul has already been asleep for like and
now what haven't you haven't you look at
your little legs and hands crossing over
I'm going to show you five seconds of
the film and the TV and you all have to
comment it down below go 1 2 3 no no not
you you guys shout out this is for them
there is for them to comment here Shh I
said fire you're the worst I'm gonna
have to blur out and I'm gonna have to
beep at what you said alright come on
let's go to bed
what is that in your back pocket
sitting on your credit loss imagine if
you broke that what are you doing
just get asleep I'll give you a massage
pit no never million really yep oh I
need to like lick my back Joe me to
click it don't you know when you cross
your arms and I pull you against my back
right let's do it yeah you got it
do you know what drives you so much you
do it gently how much more cost get it
here you said check yeah you're right
don't do harder thinks I think it is be
wearing me like a backpack no no your
arms go underneath you ready oh this
isn't doing anything
oh that work then maybe not and I'll
have my copper tube going just go to bed
Oh what's this what's that little bit I
see you there everybody what you saying
so Ella where you're getting three clubs
for you know I can't eat chocolate can i
free for me okay why she's leaving no
bed tonight
nada
killing him okay I'm gonna miss a good
girl
let's give you a tree coming down into
bed on your bed
good girl Zoe what have you done
of you very good at decorating that tree
what are you messing with me from blame
everyone trip today
I blame do you know who I blame Tom
Fletcher you're encouraging Zoey's
Christmas shenanigans nun Jake and I
like it I do like you encouraged me
let's be honest you and Tom just
encourage each other no what you do you
don't encourage each other you allow
each other to do it without thinking
it's weird weird are you looking for
Christmas presents
you are the Christmas spirit I'm looking
for the remote DVD birthday it's time to
watch out what has already been on for
like 20 minutes or so but we're just
gonna go to sleep and watch also thank
you so much for following me around
today if you enjoyed it give the video
you guys know to do you always show the
videos up you always give the video a
thumbs up so just thank you for
everything you do I'll catch you
tomorrow
super I know I say a lot we've actually
got a super exciting day tomorrow I
promise you it's going to be really
really exciting
subscribe if you haven't already so you
can see tomorrow's video and I'll see
you in the morning good night good night
good night good night
skirts let's go each a man staring at me
I'm gonna slip away
five
