skirts line it's scary man staring at me
I'm going to slip away this Nala she
just knows whenever something comes for
her teases me what's in your box today
ahaha that is the cutest I've ever seen
like a pig with big ears yeah she's not
interested in the toys at first as you
can imagine she oh oh this is gonna be
too big for her no she can so hitch it
around yeah she can push it around well
if we got fish bite oh nice and stinky
not his favorite not our favorite she
does actually like yeah she loves those
venison strips that is literally her
favorite duck and oats oven-baked dog
treat okay it's good for skin and coat
breath ah Nagar she's sitting down she's
like yeah okay I'm getting that pork and
potato treats Thank You Tyler
are you excited another good white
weight good thing could go ah let's say
Q I'll be gone in three seconds
take this Hey look at you you comfy you
comfortable yeah
oh say get away stop filming me daddy oh
my gosh she literally just need to lay
down like that I think I've slowed my
vlog yet today you know he did yeah but
obviously good morning good morning guys
good morning and welcome to the video my
lens looks incredibly dirty I'm sorry
about that that's very rude of me
there we go that's a little bit better
how you doing hope you having a lovely
day but going around my voice I'm always
so loud you are we're off shopping today
food shopping we've got nothing in our
fridge what we ensure no joining us but
ah cute you guys are matching yeah
before we start the shopping we're gonna
get some tactical lunch in they look
half bad I know their bar dad and mum
mum and dad and mum that feels weird
saying like that yeah mum and dad
arrived I could far it's only ten
minutes with my house and dad and mum
right with pinks and stuff
what we call the future better
what you got roasted onions and
farmhouse cheddar cheese maybe
oh really they make you food as well
thank you so much Bob oh we got one of
these fancy Donuts just went if it every
nose skills for no days we've got one of
these little fancy things that tells you
when your food's ready
I know that everyone in America has them
over here only special places right yeah
yeah I kind of got a bit carried away I
got a chicken and cheese sandwich and
then papi was ordering this and I was
like oh my gosh I have to get that so I
kind of just got both but it is three
o'clock and all of eating all day so far
is a goal of frosted Chinese so it's all
geared we just tied up the shopping but
I realized that it's half-past three and
I haven't actually uploaded my vlog yet
for today I edited it earlier but I
didn't get a chance to uploaded before
we came out
so just heading back to the car now to
grab my laptop I'm going to try and
upload my vlog was hot spot in my
internet off of my phone the internet
here somehow is crazy fast like faster
than in my house I've got two minutes
left to upload
I feel really bad though because sorry
though is just left it shopping which is
still with poppy and Sean the whole
point is that we come together and we
choose what food we want for the
following week and I've kind of just
left there to do it by yourself but I'm
only going to be two minutes it says 90%
uploaded two minutes remaining
oh yes my videos done Oh Dan now can oh
now can carry on shopping
I already feel like a lost kid in a
supermarket you know when you're younger
and your heart light stops could you
turn ma'am your mom's not there you're
like where she that's what I feel like
this is like hide and seek literally
can't find them anywhere
yow yeah where's Zoey oh no I did the
whole shop I missed the whole thing I'm
sorry
oh yes camembert my favorite utensil
that we have at home is this to squeeze
lemon juice into water I know I was
using it wrong for so long I didn't
realize oh he told me the other day but
this one and a line one I'm going to get
that Gina why cocktails gin and tonic
thank I use use the lemon or the line I
want the orange one yellow orange and
lime okay make sure you get a line one I
try to show them the other day I've been
doing it the wrong way I do it the right
way now don't worry it's a bit silly
they do this yeah let's get an orange
one as well do you love it they're so
cute the line one for gin and gin and
tonics but you can't squeeze it now you
couldn't win deer to fit wouldn't that
shame I think we're gonna buy this to
add to our cocktail bar to put nice
little drinks on it's nice and soft on
the bottom so it won't scratch the table
yeah we do have you guys seen our
cocktail bar at home Zoe bought like a
big you must have seen it's like a big
gold trolley full of all different
alcohols which so he doesn't actually
drink and they are mostly Jen because
Jen is my favorite alcohol but we need
some you some cool cocktail glasses look
at that look at the shape of it that is
literally the most comfortable bed ever
night guys
isn't it so have you sat on this bed the
membrane it's incredible
lay on it wha mean you got your bag on
hot lay on that I know my old one this
is the one you need boy I want to come
lay on that oh he all right
that was four in bed and the little one
said roll over roll over
no you said moreover ah oh
scooti man's watching me and he's kind
of looking at milk we'd have to pretend
that I'm not logging he's staring at me
screw it's like he's scary man staring
at me I'm gonna slip away
a camera I feel obliged to try all of
the or they'll have no soft is worth or
who's going to be that one's way harder
and more expensive about all my gosh
this one is good
this one you like sink into it this one
is good you like to sink into it turns
what you like
that one you pop a sink in oh this one's
good bye see you later
we're back home the vlog is up which
means one thing and one thing only it's
time to have a look at these RC cars
that arrived yesterday I'm going to open
one of them because Sean's busy tonight
so I can't race him
I'm going to save the big one for Wishon
and I'm going to open this smaller one
here I've just been reading the comments
on my new vlog and so many of you
commented saying you want me enrollment
to race I knew that Bowman had wait let
me put the camera down
I knew that Roman was really into his RC
cars and recently born RC boat and it is
insane but Roman if you watch it next
time I come over when you come over here
bring your car I'll bring my car we're
gonna have a race although I think
you've got like the best biggest fastest
car they've got so I'll probably need to
get one of them otherwise it's going to
be a bit unfair I'm so excited to see
this like I've never ever owned a proper
RC car I've owned remote-control cars
but not not anything like this
I literally might have to charge this in
my car because I have no idea how else I
can charge this so I've got it working
however I don't have anything that can
charge this and it says in the
instructions you cannot charge it in an
automobile like a car so I've only got
enough charge to play with it now until
it runs out like what it came with
because the batteries came with a little
bit of charge just ordering three of
these now that can come tomorrow good
bye I see you in like 15 minutes
all right I'm heading off to the park to
go and get some practice in the pressure
of putting this in the right place that
should be all good now as I said I've
never driven anything like this before
so don't expect me to be great here we
go I know you need two hands to steer it
this thing is ridiculous
oh no not the GoPro aw damn it I'm gonna
stick it back on
she's got no more charge left Oh a
little bit oh that was a good little
driving session for today a lot harder
and faster than what I thought it was
going to be I honestly thought it was
going to be like super easy but you turn
the remote like the wheel with the
tiniest being is like Shh skid round
like absolute mad these things are crazy
I've wanted one as I said to you ever
since I was a kid I've always wanted one
I nearly bought one once when I was
about 12 and it was petrol and I was so
excited but they get so expensive
because of the amount of upkeep you need
to do to them so this one is an electric
one that I bought just to keep it nice
and simple and it's awesome this is so
so good I cannot wait to get home and
open let me know the comments and below
smash some thumbs-up and sup if you're
ready in you're excited for the big one
it's going to be a crazy vlog that vlog
when we raise them is going to be insane
as you saw I have just as the car runs
out judge this camera just ran out of
charge I was saying as you saw I've just
ordered that Oh No
I've just ordered the right charging
cable so that's going to be arriving
tomorrow I'm trying to vlog the right
charging cables going to be arriving
tomorrow so that we can race the RC car
soon honey I'm home
just changed up my camera battery oh
what a party in here as I was editing a
video for the min rave I may avoided two
dinners tonight
they call me six dinner sit have you
have you seen that wait it's not seen it
six in Silver's book wasn't it I don't
know you don't know six in a said
please tell me you guys know vi
intercept the cat that used to play you
know everybody that's I know so many
people that have got cats that come into
their house hey no that's a dick
16 as it is basically a book like a
children's book about a cat that has
dinner in its own house like where it's
actually the owners live and then it
goes next door and next door love the
cat so they feed him so there's one cat
that goes to six different houses and
has dinner and they all feed him dinner
because they love him but they don't
know that the other houses are feeding
him butter yeah yes a kids book but
that's basically me except from
everybody knows that I do he locks I'm
telling you now so I kind of got a bit
carried away I got a vegetable catsuit
curry and then I also got a tuna steak
with quinoa
hello sausage hey you look like a little
battered sausage burrito baby yes like
you are the real-life burrito baby for
my sincerity oh look at you
I think she's in her element you love in
your life yeah oh she's so cute
aren't you she's so sleepy medical baby
yeah do you my baby we're about to watch
the film goosebumps we just watched the
trailer it looks pretty good I'd never
actually heard of it before but um yeah
hopefully it's good on it you guys know
what I think we're all wrapped up he
excited for the film hmm you excited for
the film I just woke up on the sweeper
I've no idea what is going on just going
on like a casino channel the film must
have finished don't remember it at all I
think I fell asleep like first ten
minutes into a film
how long into it did you fall asleep
maybe laughs now I'm all tucked up in
bed I feel so confused and so weird
waking up from that nap as throw me off
so much just dreaming of from like weird
goblin fighting there's like three teams
on a boat and I was one of the team's we
were about to lose to the last hit that
I I feel so confused
oh right I'm going to get to see now
well I kind of I'm going to go back to
sleep if you enjoyed the video give it a
big ol thumbs up go down below smash the
thumbs up button see you tomorrow good
night
can I can i oh my gosh this is at the
poshest place ever
