good morning guys give morning and
welcome back to the vlog last night was
interesting was fun I ended up in a hot
tub last night with like Marcus and Joe
mine looks way better than yours look
it's over you're dressed and made up
already
see you later room goodbye that was not
your bed you literally slept in our bed
so you slept in that bed look how
incredible this is oh my gosh this is
like the poshest place ever why did I
not bring my drone this could have been
insane this is just incredible it's so
calm perfect weather so awesome look at
this imagine that that was somebody's
house like somebody actually used to
have that as a holiday house this is
ridiculous imagine the upkeep on this
garden how many full-time gardeners need
to be like trim in their hedges or times
and stuff just come back inside it is so
hot out there
it's insane this is all I want in my
life right now it's time to leave if
that means that means for me I've got to
squish up in the back again is it like a
sauna in there is it so hot as always
taking the roof off
oh my gosh I wish we had a bigger car oh
man look at that car that is insane I
wish we had a Range Rover oh look at
that
by next Ross there's a black Range Rover
Evoque that's all I want in my life yeah
oh so hot
don't you worry about it I thought that
cold that moment I am worried about it
got my Justin Bieber merch I bought the
water finally reached somewhere where we
could pull over and grab some food and
drink and go to the toilet that was like
the slowest I've ever been on the
motorway who Lichaj going like 10 miles
per hour what we on average maybe 20
sometimes stopping most of the time
thank you
we just got back into the car
got all of the goods we went to some
solid political tossed McDonald's M&S
and Starbucks within between us we've
got a little bit of everything I'm so
hungry
Starbucks also made Zoe's drink wrong
and then left it like that and like just
didn't make her a new one
come on now you can't give your
customers the wrong drink you need to
teach members of staff how to make the
African drinks because that's got
multiple cookie crumbles stuff in there
and it's a small string so it doesn't
even taste like the s'mores and
Starbucks bloody expensive as well as
now mission get Zoey a nicer Starbucks
and mess up a lot or just so bad this is
not the right drink and it's real watery
and there Zoey told them it's the wrong
drink and they were like now we're just
going to leave it so I'm going to take
it back and see if they'll actually sort
it out they can't be doing stuff like
that thank you
mission complete we got a new one
hopefully this is going to be
it's just a shame of stuff like that you
know it's just like when you get members
of staff working somewhere that just
can't really be bothered to do their
proper job is that better good get oh
we're finally home hey hey baby somebody
very excited it may look like we've just
left nyla overnight and all of yesterday
in her pen but we didn't don't you I
we've had friends stay here the whole
time looking after her playing with her
and everything like that and staying
over last night and then about half an
hour ago their fortunes at him and then
we came back obviously when you're gonna
choose a toy more about this one the
place where we went was only two hours
away we left a half past two to come
home and we've only just got back now
and it's six o'clock that traffic was
reading yes all right
those are the blinds make you all nice
and cold in here I'm going to edit the
vlog already an hour late
this camera is so broken look look at
this focus I swear I've tried so many
times to get a new camera and nowhere
has them in stock I'm gonna have to
order one online I've also just put my
braces in so if I sound a little bit
different that is why so whilst we're
away my mum came over I don't if I told
you that order I did the other day in
the video I told you that I've ordered
something it was late at night super
super exciting and I believe these two
packages are that I'm not 100% sure
though because I thought they were going
to be the same size and what is a lot
bigger than the other let's slide them
in the other room let's have a look I
mean I hope this is what I think it is
that is what I'm talking about yes okay
so this is one of the two I'll explain
in a minute oh my gosh
no way this one is so much bigger one
thing that I love buying are just stupid
gadgets and one thing that I've always
wanted is a proper remote-control car
now one of my fav in fact my favorite
youtube channel called dude path that
did a video with this brand of
remote-control car I don't know what
it's quite I think it's like Traxxas
they did a video Traxxas if you haven't
already checked it out I'll try leave a
link down below if not just search dude
perfect cars or something it will come
up it's collect 15 million business
ridiculous
ever since see in that video I've wanted
one of these and the other day I was on
Amazon and they would they were there
for sale for Next Day Delivery for free
so I ordered I didn't want to get the
same ones because I wanted it to be a
bit more fun and I wanted to so that
Sean and I could race I thought I
ordered two that were roughly the same
size it turns out that one is this big
and one is blooming massive so yeah this
one's got XL 2.5 Titan 1:12 t-55 big la
550 and this one I have no idea what I I
don't know what any of it is I just
wanted them online as it says on the
packet is ready to drive ready to race
so that is exactly what we're going to
do they look so sick I'm so excited I'm
not going to race them today because the
time is already 9:00 p.m. in the evening
and Sean's out with some friends at the
moment so we can't do it today we will
do it very soon hopefully over the next
couple of days if Sean's free
we're juncture if I tell him that I've
got these two because I don't think he
knows yet I don't think about you told
him I'm sure he will make time putting a
little pie in Missouri how you doing you
so sleepy no you can't even open your
eyes by oh I'm gonna miss you I'm gonna
be back in like an hour yes I am you can
have nice cuddles with papi I'm heading
off now I was meant to be at a barbecue
today
my friend my friend Jesse's house hung
absolutely worse I couldn't make it
goodbye I've seen you like an hour yeah
all right but I couldn't make it because
the bloomin traffic and then oh I'm not
going I don't know where I'm going I
meant I was meant to be a barbecue it's
3 p.m. and my friends Jesse's house but
because of the traffic I couldn't go
like I was so late and then by the time
I got back at 6 o'clock I dead it my
vlog and I've just finished editing
uploading it now and it's 9:02 they're
all leaving Oh goodbye they're all
leaving to go out clubbing tonight I'm
definitely not going after last night no
chance I'm drinking two nights in a row
I literally drink probably like once
every four months but yeah they were
going clubbing tonight so I've got an
hour to see them so I brought over got
my spaghetti bolognaise for dinner
oh I bought earlier and yeah just gonna
go and see my friends for a bit so what
was meant to be just an hour of Holly's
house kind of ended up - dropping
everybody in town and then go into a bar
for an hour as well but I haven't drunk
I literally got lime and soda and I'll
just pop a car around the corner so I'm
gonna go pick it up now apparentiy
Shaun's also at my house now sorry
so when I get back I can show them the
cars
it's currently the next day I'm just
about to upload this video that you're
watching right now so I hope you enjoyed
it I had to be super quiet last night
because Ari and Oliver both asleep in
bed and I didn't want to wake them up so
if you enjoyed the video please go down
below smash it with a thumbs up thank
you so much for the love and the support
of the videos recently it has been
absolutely insane like the views are my
most recent few videos just crazy you
guys are unbelievable your support your
love and everything means so much to me
so thank you so much and I'll see you
tomorrow good night so I just wanna say
that I love you guys and what you are
about to get naked
