free warning this video is going to be
incredibly long and feature tons of your
favorite youtubers good morning guys
good morning today you join us in
Churchill Square why forgot sunglasses
on indoors Oh what is that that's
exactly what I want to do right now
oh it's a kid's cinema okay maybe that's
not what I want to do I thought it's
kinda like blow up battery castle or
something right so as you know today
we've got a party going on this evening
it's like two hours away or something
and as per usual I haven't bought my
outfit I've got the top and the jacket
I'm gonna wear but I haven't what do you
do it you do it the whole way
your arms are going to be so weak now
Mensch boy
right so off to buy me some new black
jeans maybe some new shoes I don't
really know how smart to go over my
shoes and the girls are off to go and
get their eyebrows the red edge they're
trying to get me to get my monorail done
like a little bit here
I don't know apparently you can get a
rash and I'm not really up for getting a
rush today when we've got party this
evening goodbye have fun hope you don't
get eyebrow rash this is what I need in
my life yeah I'm going to get one this
is that I need I got my black jeans for
tonight and I may or may not be getting
three purposed or pieces of match even
the hat is the smoked salmon bagel
really good is it amazing all right
we'll go for one of them one of those
and an orange juice please
yeah that's good for a amazing so the
girls is you know getting their eyebrows
done at the moment we thought it'd be a
perfect time to pop out got myself some
shoes got myself some Justin Bieber
merch
and just popped out to go and grab some
breakfast don't tell the girls otherwise
they're gonna be annoyed of us okay how
dare you do this without they well you
know they will definitely know ecofield
could have invited us I got salmon cream
cheese bagel she was going for a sausage
bagels lesson see stretching our baby
all right
so you calling her back yeah that see I
always call it a bun and that and then
but I think it's actually about enough
cuz insane research a back so many of
you guys have been noticing this black
mark on my screen in my videos and I get
all my comments about it like what is
that black mark what's that dot on the
screen this is my fourth g7x camera
in like 9 or 10 weeks but I'm going to
go and see if they've got a new one now
so I can get rid of this black dot for
you guys what a surprise they didn't
have any g7x marches so we're gonna have
to stick with the little black dot for a
while guys however I did manage to get
like a suction mount for the GoPro and a
new memory card Missouri because she's
been needing a new memory card for a
while but no new camera or in couriers
and some some dudes going to try and see
if he can find me find me a camera yeah
I don't think they sell them here
another nothing they don't have it we've
just come into the Apple store and Sean
and I have just come up with an amazing
idea for a video what we want to do is
we want to get the Train like to London
or somewhere where we genuinely need to
go and then we're going to buy this a
tiny little keyboard and this which I
don't have a clue what it actually is
you just press the buttons and it makes
different noises I'm guessing and this
is well microphone for our phone and we
want to make an entire song that our
challenges you have to make the song
whilst but on the one journey on the
track you're like we need to get a
longer train though because an hour is
like I don't know I was only knows any
of them so that's the challenge though
and we literally have to like make a
song using all of this then also like
films sounds they were like record like
okay like by pitch drinking's like yeah
maybe I thought in there
would you think let me know give the
video tons of thumbs up tons of love if
you want that to happen we want it out
yeah yeah I think we should let us know
if you want it or if we're just being
idiots central elements say a majid
album just made on the train different
mode of transport in the back of a taxi
just keep on driving around bro until we
finish making this trap look there's our
check everybody that's what we're
talking about just coming to mend coins
which is basically a gadget shot this is
like a video idea heaven in here think I
like drones remote-control cars
Oh a remote-control boat Marcus MUX
Butler it's not him keep on thinking
people here Sean and I both just bought
a load of stuff for some new videos some
new main channel start challenging
videos so messy fun videos I'm not gonna
oh I'm not going to show you guys what
there is in there because I don't want
to ruin any surprises but the girls are
in the car and they keep on ringing bill
up where are you just put on my new
Justin Bieber hat what do you guys think
of his tour merch how crazy is that that
he is on a world tour and Urban
Outfitters the clothes shop selling his
merchandise how sad so the party that
we're going to lead to tonight is for
the management company it's like a
summer party hosted by the management
company that Zoe myself and poppy are
all signed to Sean isn't signed to any
management company yet for like his
social stuff that he does probably only
just signed the other day and you're not
allowed plus ones to the party there's
not enough room in the hotel so sadly
Sean can't come and poppy is very very
sad
she's not coming I wish she could come
although she would be so hyper
if the hotel let us we should have asked
us to the hotel let us bring her we've
got a two-hour drive so I'm just
preparing big old drink I need to say
one last goodbye to my little baby so
I'm not going to see her until tomorrow
morning
goodbye sausage goodbye little one I
love you so much you're going to have
fun while we're away yeah you can
so much fun see you in the morning oh I
wish you could come and I'm squished up
in the back of the mini for this long
journey oh I'm hot already
can you guys hear the music from this
guy's motorbike
look at him dancing one-handed he's
loving there
Oh No here he is
oh yeah this is a summer party run away
to know Christmas songs look at this
massive thing what is that water
fountain
all right then this is ridiculous okay
fancy this place is this is hot when I
went to Buckingham Palace
Wow
we finally made it to our room and what
I say room is literally like the size of
a flat on an apartment like this you can
live here this is so down big so I'm
going to turn the camera around it's
going to shock you because it's just
this place is so extravagant we didn't
have to pay for this like the this is
insane I'm so thankful what huh we're
ordering some snacks some food look at
this room this isn't even like obviously
the bedroom this is just like a chilled
extra room that we have you can look out
onto the main driveway there and there
is let there's a sign down there signed
gleam which is why we're here today for
the gleam party look at all of this
absolutely incredible over here they've
given us some Prosecco we've got little
bits of fruit we've got some cookies
which were eaten one of those you also
get given like a little tablet down here
which is where you can like look at the
room history you can order things you
can order food and drinks and look at
the weather and browse the Internet this
woman here is apparently the cousin of
the person who's whose house this whole
place was not this room like the entire
place was owned by a woman called I want
to say that Aston family might be
getting it wrong and then you come
through these two doors into our bedroom
that is mad and look at these
when this door is closed and
looks like a secret hidden room like
that but you can't see it but then when
you open it come don't dorm our bathroom
a and then ran here we walk around here
there's another hidden one which is like
a walk-in wardrobe this is just mad like
absolute like you could literally live
in here this is so big anyways and it a
stir a stir a sto our we've been on face
time trying to find papi and we have no
idea where home is each room is named
not numbered so RM is good Spencer and
we just have no idea where any of the
rooms are everyone else I believe is
like you'd be getting ready for tonight
or in the bar having a drink already
we're just ordering some food because
all I've had is breakfast and I'm hungry
yay I am so excited for this oh your
salmon and noodles yeah we got yeah and
then I've got some french fries as well
and we are about to eat I know that I
know that guys today yes because we
haven't had lunch yet mmm this is like a
starter do you know what I hate when you
go to a shop and you find the jeans that
you want and somebody has put back the
wrong jeans in the section of the ones
that you want I stupidly didn't try them
on so it's kind of my fault but look at
these jeans look how tight they are
they're the right size I can't even do
them up here somebody's put back the
wrong jeans in the section for the ones
that I wanted so for this posh party
tonight I'm just gonna have to wear my
jeans with my ripped knees in I'm all
dressed and ready ready to go got my new
shoes on the only slight issue is my
ripped jeans like we're just going to
have to ignore it pretend it's not
happening we're still going to have a
good evening we're not going to let this
get to us everybody okay I'm happy with
my jacket I'm happy with my new t-shirt
happy on my new shoes the jeans I like
them in general so it's all good Zoe's
asked me to put her shoes on her whilst
she's curling her hair where abouts are
they
what boyfriend points right now where
are your feet everyone is looking
amazing were they doing at all still
they do tours here look at these two get
that walking pot shop look at this place
this isn't this is amazing everyone's
out here looking amazing
guys look at Leon socks he's got in on
the socks is loving her yes look at
those now I'm rolling brother are your
chances by the way my jars is a nice and
airy they done up yeah these ones I can
do up hey babe
we have no idea where we're going we've
left everybody took about hour to get
the photo done everyone together we're
just heading to try and find a drink
Marcus Marcus I know it's not there he
is the teacher my boy are you saying
What did he say yeah look at all of this
I don't know if I meant to going through
yet or not look at Amy at the end this
is incredible
or you're definitely surfing on that
layer laoda saying I'm going in that CIA
you're quite confident Amish Oh too
niche yeah look at that hot tub we got
lectures going in look at this size
exactly I'm gonna want to be tonight oh
yeah boy is he doing Joe you're going to
be fine but Casper is definitely going
in come on stand up Joe Joe you need to
stand up Joe tell us something
oh my god Sam Marcus Butler Marcus
Marcus Butler oh my gosh is Marcus
there's like lobster here as well
Oh someone's gone in on the lobster
everyone else has gone normal food have
you spilled yet and you haven't even
started eating Jonathan I kind of went a
bit in I just got a bit carried away
best and you guys are there's so much
the people that work leave so so God
come and fill this
Wow moving on oh my god
leon's on it by himself just testing it
out testing out the slide yeah nice yeah
warming it up yeah okay
I'm taking you out woman yes you're
naked
watch it oh yeah okay okay just
and just initial in this one in the
middle
good
Oh
he does
me sexy pod sign right
yes that's all
and bicep
you know at the beginning when you sit
down
it's an awesome question
the connection
squeezing back-to-back can you put your
hands up if we push down on the two
cards
this is I Instagram something this man's
getting smothered enjoys
he's never gonna sleep sorry no I come
to attack the pudding ball I want that
one what do you think
yeah yeah
I don't know waste my blog is gonna be
like awful of you off of my blog is
justly lucky blood gas was getting told
off he's getting told off and not going
to meeting my seven good nice to know
what not
are you wrong it makes me go to meetings
but uh I'll be glad to say that I've
really missed you and you never invite
me to your house Oh shucks I live
together now oh he does he does I've
just been very busy we got DJ stark on
the deck how's it going everyone else
wants to move everyone else did DJ your
neck how'd it go oh here we go
loving here
tonight
on the d-day then I gorgeous see you
soon
just drops a bet I made it back to the
main hotel bar I have no idea how to get
there just changed our hat
taking off my jacket and changed up my
shoes as well it's tons of noise in here
yeah they are I don't care about your
vlogs each other Oh Oh Peter I'm taking
Gary for me come on when are we going
swimming
when we going back to Lynn for the old
know about to talk about drunken Joe so
clogged go back to my room when you're
swimmin I'll be Dave right he's a letch
one when are we gonna swim in when I'm
up for guys I'll get back to a Hatem now
I know wait for now oh my gosh
my camera's getting so we just got out
of the hot tub I've got that dressed
again I went in in my box office you can
I go in the vlog of course you can see I
just want to say that I love you guys
and oh you're about to get naked so
we're currently wait like three ham
sandwiches Oh someone's ringing me who's
that
papi FaceTime in Hey oh it's Ari we've
ordered three Bush's lasagna and three
ham sandwiches or Josh's run do we need
to sign anything you happy yeah
marks and Joe haven't eaten their
cookies let's just not tell Joe that
they ever existed your mom's libel
safety and businessmen what about place
open that open that now let's eat no no
Joe doesn't need to know there ever
existed as love hearts
look at this everybody like a happy
faces it's loving it as much in the
vetting of my dress just in this hotel
is lit react amazed and trying to walk
back to my hotel room and I just faster
like vault dude for piece of sleep I've
just come back to a room papi and Zoe by
fitness papi papi buy you in my bed
you're in my bed
joining about your room papi don't hide
you don't give auntie Turnagain señora
what you can do what are you gonna go
back to your room I know the hotel
members of staff here just by chance
made extra bed on the sofa and serve you
coffee or in the main bed I hope you've
enjoyed the vlog if you have give it a
big ol thumbs up I'm gonna go to sleep
it's nearly 4:00 a.m. I'll catch you in
the morning night thank you
so obviously Audi have heard and have
seen that I want that alright so much so
they've just given me
