please just start your vlog like that
literally not even hi guys nothing
litter just go it's my friend Holly
estate over our house last night but
she's got work today she wasn't planning
on staying but it just got so badly that
she was too tired to drive past him what
time have you got work oh it to Zoey
Holly is alive she's all good and has
opened up all of the blinds leveled the
light in she was at what's the time I
set my law for nine of like it's off ten
farewell goodbye
yesterday we cleaned all of his little
Hut absolutely very big hot where is he
I think he's sleeping in this little
house we've got some little Christmas
toys some more Christmas festive staff
and little present box full of little
festive snowballs oh and also we did
this keep on forgetting what you haven't
haven't seen because obviously I didn't
vlog yesterday took the day off to
properly tiny a sort like look how tidy
all of this area was how clean all the
parties hat is in here is like
completely tidy and all sorted we
literally blitzed everything actually
this is the outcome let me just show you
how intense or the cleaning and tidying
was yesterday that this is the outcome
that needs to be sorted today one two
three four five six seven rubbish bags
and all of this cardboard that just
proves how much sorting we did yesterday
it's time to do the advent calendar
number nine or is it number ten is it
the ninth or the tenth today is it the
tenth
oh my gosh okay right number nine and
number ten number nine a little Santa
I know it's snowing everywhere else I
legit then we get in the car we go find
some snow and number 10 little elf now
has never really experienced proper snow
not like the snow everyone else is
having that's like proper thin let me go
my inch come and show you what everybody
else around the UK is currently
experiencing
that's joules Oliver James McVey got a
bloomin shovel out that's how much it's
snowing what Louise Pentland sledging
Louise Pentlands tree literally just
everyone on my feed who's in this
country we got Giovanna Fletcher and
then we've got Zoe and Alfie let me show
you what we've got rainy wet grass even
if it does snow at three o'clock which I
don't have hope for but even if it does
the ground is so wet now it won't settle
no not unless it snowed like an insane
amount because it will just fall and
then it'll just melt because the grounds
where it needs to be like really cold
and crisp for it to be up to settle we
could just jump in the car and go and
drive and find some snow like we don't
have to drive like half an hour to have
to go and get some and then we can build
a snowman I just want to build I want to
build an igloo and sleep in it but
you're nice and warm out there you nice
and warm our eyebrows locked no bloody
oh here we go
all right these guys been filming videos
all day and the subject that I wanted to
try that I thought of about a month ago
when I started looking into doing like
vlogmas videos sorry can I use some of
this wrapping paper you all know those
tens machine things that like make your
muscles go crazy they're actually
thought they're not for that they're
actually for might sports injuries and
things that's where they're for their
job yeah muscle stealers yeah it's doing
it muscles so I bought two of them on
Amazon the other day or a couple of
weeks ago
and I want to try
shoot a little video Zowie and we're
gonna try and see who can wrap presents
better me or Joe you guys sent your
bloody Star Wars oh it does Volvos yeah
so we're gonna put these on Zoey's gonna
be in control of them and Joe and I are
gonna see who can wrap presents the best
so that's what we did with my hands
machine box is over well we could do
that that's quite a good box that's a
great idea Joseph I'm actually scared to
turn this oh I don't like doing it
myself yeah I think you turn on to
comfort with it and do it you ready yeah
what should I put on fast to begin with
let's put it on - how do you know where
it on there yeah oh really yeah
I'm done I'm done
that's quite good oh my God he's so nice
why are you doing this we should I want
to hold it in my other hands I can't
turn it off with my like yeah if you put
it on you have to hold it in the other
three
good night something no now we got with
this mess to clear up yeah well though
we did why we didn't even review the
present wrap in this is mine guys vote
down below who you think this is better
this is mine and this is Joe's I think
mine's got it the boy that's genuinely
not too bad both normally and put them
under the tree there's like empty boxes
there we go Joe going straight into
filming a video for Joe's channel he's
trying out my new camera yeah I went for
waiting fronting so it doesn't go
forward for nice little background set
with the little light yes very different
sets while you get some new cameras and
Lumix G H 5 you're never actually used
before
well I like that you do you vlog on this
healthy sometimes it's not pain Holly
look come and try this you will love it
you love it it's good for you you do
sport you play hockey
yeah very guy go on but you can you can
choose the pressure if you wonder why I
look like this we've just finished the
video yeah
your vibe you just try it just try so we
did on eight just then do each other's
makeup only view of that I need to go
get change I know I need to go beat up
my face so tonight we are off to
Capitals come on come amazing tonight
we're off to Capitals
boom the Jingle Bell Ball tonight and
joke I'll make it jokes go into another
gate in London darkness you go to the
darkness
Ami's OE Holly and now mark I'm all off
to go 28 perform Taylor performance
Oh your girl in man she's my girl she
just doesn't know that that's the only
thing if say goodbye to the vlog see you
later bro say about the car daddy I
don't know was she good in the snow
see that bro he hikes I did so we've
just seen in the car on the way here on
Twitter a potential run in order tonight
I don't know if it's true
I thought this Taylor and on the
potential running water that I saw
Taylor was performing first and we're 20
minutes late and I'm like I don't want
to miss Taylor oh crap we're going
straight through the back girl mock's
just came as well
yo Taylor's on the stage
oh wow she's literally there my girl
honey Wow Taylor
oh my going to meet my payment
I'm sorry
the old Taylor can come to the hump
right
walked away here in the car what did you
ask you again
my favorite
well he's got beer ins and sweets big
Shack is currently performing
it's go ahead
myself
yo looking at that's crazy
change smokers about before
edge here it is up next
though he's never seen a poem for
farewell my friend
catch you soon I'm saying goodbye miss
you already have you got everything
see you later Polly's always ready for
some nugs just pulled over
hopefully McDonald's is gonna be open in
here it doesn't look very promising
that's all I'm gonna say
Holly's chicken nuggets nugs oh no I
think it's closed
I think it's closed I know of course
it's open excuse me what you want nugs
I'm currently filming in a toilet the
greatest gift of them all shreddies I
just wanted to undress you change of
life in a matter of seconds bye what a
load evil problem was eliminated
flatulence filtering garments what
that's gotta go the film - forgot to
film anything else we did get nuggets we
did get muck flurries we then got home
and literally crashed out we were so
tired that was like the most spontaneous
but best evening ever know we were like
2 meters away from Taylor Swift and
which led perform and we saw the
chainsmokers and Cigala and so many
people the script like he was forcing it
is so so good if you've enjoyed the
video give it a thumbs up subscribe if
you're not already guys Christmas
merchandise a link down below if you
want to go grab some Christmas merch for
your brother for your sister for
yourself for your grandma for your dog
link down below to my Christmas match
I'll catch you in the morning
