hey baby hey coming in gone get nemi
good girl good morning guys oh I feel
absolutely naked
absolutely not get on currently just
taken all out to the toilet
how you doing a filler I can't even open
my eyes yeah I'm so tired today the time
is 9:15 in the morning and my car was
meant to be picked up as I told you in
yesterday's video my windscreen wiper on
my car isn't really working at the
moment so the car company were meant to
pick up my car and take it to go and get
fixed to 8:45 this morning I mean I was
asleep but they never came life they
rung the doorbell it would have woken me
up and they never came so I don't know
what's going to happen I don't know if
it's gonna get fixed or not I'll sort it
out well sort it out
doesn't Wow the Sun Wow look at blooming
nice it is oh my gosh someone is very
very - this morning you went by the door
for mummy all right let's get you some
breakfast first
Zoe normally comes downstairs early it
doesn't all his breakfast and everything
so this morning she's very confused
what's going on she's just like waiting
by the door like what you're not my mum
wait you don't do my breakfast do you
today I do today I am doing the
breakfast there's somebody ready is
somebody ready right sit down wait wait
good girl go and then gunman good girl
there you go have a drink as well they
all did some crazy stuff on Amazon Prime
last night guys
I'm not going to tell you what it is or
what they are shall I say because it's
not a one thing it's two things but I am
there arriving tomorrow I said the
comfiest but you could find that the
confess spot in the whole entire bed and
you pick there I've had this Julia for
so long now and the lift is still crap
and broken she one sky little spider
here gloating like get it off me get it
off me
there get it off me he's got a tiny
little spider hanging right here oh yes
on your drink book on you yes it's on
your t-shirt I can leave it is Timmy
hello man hello
don't squish him thanks Chris where is
he oh he's reading place or thing
oh oh he's coming he's coming for your
face yeah pop is on a mission Marcin she
has exactly 24 minutes to get to where
she needs to go so I came into town I
bought tons of stuff that I've been
I like shout in Milan vlog in so I came
into town at that jacket I came into
town way early this morning as you know
my car got picked up earlier so I had to
get attacked in town ah
hey Ange and I sat down for like
literally two or three hours planning so
much new merchandise for you guys super
super exciting so much stuff if you
haven't already followed PB merch on
Instagram and Twitter updates all the
time about the new stuff coming out go
follow it go check out all of the stuff
get involved with helping us decide and
what kind of thing you guys want I kind
of didn't have breakfast this morning so
I headed out for a brunch with these two
we've finished up eating that which
popped into prep and our puppies trying
to shop because I haven't told you but
more evening we've got like an extremely
extravagant summer party papi gets in
telling me off for Charlotte we've got
like Oh seriously like extravagant
summer party that would go to you
tomorrow because the puppy's buying you
bought a new dress right you haven't you
need some shoes and now she needs some
shoes I haven't bought anything yet so I
have no idea
hey so I have no idea what I'm going to
be wearing and I've got to work most of
today in the office so hopefully I'm
going to be able to pop out why I don't
care I'm not bothered understand I'm
gonna dress - then tomorrow gonna go
I've got nothing to wear when you go to
town in my baby oh well now I'm gonna
try and get it all today right what
you're saying then am i coming to meet
you guys yeah I'm hungry I don't need to
be like you Albert say okay I'll come
now okay
it has been all I just realize I'm not
allowed to show so oh no so much of my
office everything over that side of my
office one two three four five six seven
things over that site is in in the
reflections of my office is future
merchandise stuff that you guys are not
allowed I'm gonna have to walk out here
it's already 5:20 in the evening and
this rug is only just properly beginning
but don't you re I've got a lot of fun
stuff planned that we're going to be
doing tonight the vlog has got 12
minutes left to upload it's 5:20 as I
just said I've got to pick up my car the
windscreen wiper is fixed good news it
was something to do like the mechanical
system that makes your windscreen wiper
move I don't know I got it fixed for
free on the warranty which is good so
thank you very much ow d very great
service and but I've got to get there
before 6 o'clock that's when it closes I
have to pick up my car before 6:00 it's
currently 5:20 I've got 11 minutes left
upload my blog is already late because
I've just been working on this merch
stuff all day and on top of that I meant
to be going to meet poppy Shaun
Zoe buzz and Nala to go for dinner now I
don't know what to do I'm just gonna
have to sit here and wait for this and
every minute - OH - just do it Stan I
wish the internet was faster why is that
like people can do like brain and face
transplant these days like there is some
crazy technology out there yet yet Wi-Fi
is still not great whilst the blog's
uploading I thought we'd go over here
and look in the games cupboard so if you
don't already know this cover here what
are they what is this that I've ordered
I think it's just empty box oh no I know
what it is it's soundproofing get over
there get over there let's look at our
games cupboard I should probably get a
light in here or something
Jimbo and Joe sugg bought me this whoo
give the video a thumbs up if you
remember a Joe sugg bought me there so
let me show you if you don't remember if
you don't remember then you're missing
out because this is just this is amazing
this was my Christmas present from Joe
one year
let's see what other crazy things we've
got in here what just got a drone in
here another drone in here a magic kit
oh yeah wait not then this
oh no that's crayon this where's what
I'm this is what I'm talking about hair
chalk I bought I bought hair chalk once
which apparently is like to color in
night slash dye your hair let me know if
you want Zowie to do this to my hair in
one video will make all my hair crazy
different colors 12 11 10 9 8 7 oh it's
done time to process
goodbye office I'll see you soon goodbye
I've literally got like 10 minutes to go
and get my car from Audi and because I
haven't got my car needs to jump in a
taxi so hopefully there's one available
and hopefully they're quick
howdy have got me a present so no gonna
want one even more now
little miniature all right thank you so
obviously I would have heard and have
seen that I want that alright so much so
they've just given me a
remote-controlled toy all right - driver
oh my gosh guys this isn't helping me
want one so bad
howdy thank you so much for fixing my
car for free and hooking me up with
loads of loads of toys and stuff I've
now got four minutes to be able to meet
the others or for dinner actually before
that I should quit in check on my laptop
see if my videos gone live cuz because
it was uploading but I didn't get a
chance to actually ticket live whilst I
was in the office okay right let's get
going I have just arrived at stammer
Park let me see how late I am I'm
currently 16 minutes wall not late
because they invited me when they were
already sat down in the restaurant so I
wouldn't really say late sixteen minutes
later than what I wanted to be coming in
mr. Audi you're coming in with me it's
such a lovely evening but there is
literally nowhere better than being here
right now I couldn't imagine being
anywhere else this is amazing if you
watch these vlogs often you probably
already know this place it's called
stammer Park or I think this is called a
damn house or something yeah proud
country house a finger stem house yeah
look I got given not see how would he
gave it to me it gave me my own a
alright though like we've got your
present it's in your car we've got our 8
for you that's low look at it so I want
to hold on hopefully it's got the
batteries in no that doesn't count as
the re Shaun I need a pop one and it's
not that well no some color that I want
it as well howdy don't do this to me
just going to the car get a charge off
okay we have an ordered food you haven't
ordered yet
no whoa okay so apparently what I was
saying was this place has apparently
changed hands recently which means that
the owner has changed
wee
means that now it's going to be done
slightly differently so today we're
going to judge it I'm going to let you
know what I think let you know if it's
better if it's worse I'm going to be
honest the outside the seating and
everything they're done who explain
amazing there was never chairs here
before so far they're doing a good job
hello doggies
hey hey doggies sorry look I already
gave me my own alright
these guys are relieved that I've turned
up to help them look after the dogs
apparently they're doing or not as
specifically it's just a pretty bad fall
so I've been given knowledge to look
after have you been doing bad thoughts
have you wind going you got a little
tweet with you what's this that's a nice
toy and I don't think this is this isn't
theirs is it how is it buzzes let's look
at this new menu let's see what there's
always a lot Hacha
I'm doing a review on this place I am
because we come here often it's just
it's an audience so I'm gonna let them
know whether it's better or worse thank
you so much y'all that looks amazing
this looks incredible look at our sticky
toffee pudding
hopefully you don't get to finish it
haha thank you well last anything I may
have to address about this this little
sausage is getting very very excited so
I brought her out for a walk you'll be a
much more naughty than your brother
aren't you a big group of people have
just come and sat down on the table next
to us and all she wants to do is go over
and play with them are you ready I don't
think you are yeah keep crashing it but
three my legs edit going fine for the
reverse
can you inject it how are you guys
getting home you drive I got my alright
don't worry about me stone wait leave me
alone
get away got my racing skills look no no
where are you no look that's the dream
car it is pretty quick I reckon this guy
about honey about hundred miles per hour
possibly yeah
buzz not my new alright no buzz no
that's my new car would be quite getting
back I know we're racing the r8 verse a
horse do you think you're faster do you
think you could be our little car en da
ah
go show embrace it go go go
imagine a fee just reversed on purpose
over it whoa overall score and rating
and review out of stammer house with the
new members of staff absolutely amazing
great service by the woman who are
serving us food delicious just as good
as before don't you have anything else
to say what do you think of the food
today good
Zoe good I knew I recommend a brown
really good recommend everything let me
know when I can borrow the rnq and I
need that there guy forever if you ever
need it if you want to get insured on it
you want to drive it let me know just
put in my car inside my car there we go
hey hello how you doing what you saying
where is that I can't see ya foul
he says
I mean I'm doing how are you doing yes
how are you doing for upstairs and Zoe's
office going through all of her mail
that she gets sent from you guys from
companies from everybody and
occasionally I get sent stuff I don't
have like a mailbox or an address where
people can send me things that sometimes
people send me things to Zoe's one and
somebody a woman called Gabby says dear
Alfie and Ange
I hope you like the notebooks come in
handy for all the future things
oh I hope these notebooks I'm so good at
read it and it was from the chroma story
I don't have that's in focus it's not in
focus look at you that is the PB on it
feels so good and then look at this
little one for ang what so cute thank
you so much guys this of course is not
sponsored they just sent me this oh and
also somebody just sent me something
else like a massive the clean sweep skin
brush for men skin toning workout takes
30 seconds USB charger hundreds of
waterproof and beard friendly you should
plug it in now until apps shall I plug
it in and charge it now and then tonight
we can clean my face thoroughly alright
also just prop it on charge I've got
another parcel here a third one oh I've
got send some ray-bans
oh I like them yo these are key
Australia ok these are gonna look even
more ridiculous look at their bigger
wait what what did you say wait try it
I've done it give it all you can see his
cardboard
really
no blink well Jess I'm not stupid
you've done it wrong I haven't done it
wrong you have there's nothing in there
this is cardboard yes I don't think
you're supposed to see the cardboard
what are you supposed to see then you're
so cute what's this gap for they're so
you slide your phone in and you go on
the website and then you look through it
and it shows your phone screen all I can
see is the cardboard or else there's no
blimmin screen in there is there look
there's no monitor in there though he's
got some crazy lipstick on or lip gloss
I was just trying to help
what do you think I mean I would never
kiss you with that one no way no it's
like 10 o'clock in the evening I think
it's time to try out this new thing that
I got this is not sponsored trust me if
it responds that I tell you guys
whenever videos are sponsored I'll let
you know that I'm working with a brand
this isn't sponsored they just sent me
this get out of there this weird thing I
don't really know what it does
seems a bit rude
do I still I wash my face before I don't
know when you do it I should only read
instructions challenge what we have to
kiss and guess what flavor is no we have
to see if this is if this smudges on to
you or not no we don't let me kiss your
nipple no you can't kiss when they fall
no one's if blue goes round of course it
will
nope what Donna I've I got a blue nipple
goes in we're gonna work a simian of
course it is look what are we doing I
mean a finger got a little bit less on
that side than that side there we go all
rinsed all super clean it feels like it
does that you feel really clean I don't
if that's just because I'm not used to
like properly that's not good right I
need to moisturize my face now I do
moisturize my face I'm not very good at
washing it properly I normally just wash
it like them in the shower would like
water in them that's about it maybe body
wash don't use that you're going to use
it to assures hi and now I need to go to
the other bathroom because for some
reason I don't really know why this is
the bathroom night I keep my toothbrush
in I thought I lost my peepee necklace
I've been looking for it for a while
it's on the edge of the bed oh yeah my
new hair products still need to try
these runs out bought then the other day
and I completely forgot to end the vlog
and it she got into bed and fell asleep
within light fell to sleep fell to sleep
within like 10 minutes so I hope you
enjoyed the video I know it's a bit of a
long one give the video a thumbs up if
you enjoy the longer vlogs today's vlog
which is tomorrow for you is going to be
incredibly long so get excited I'm
hanging out with tons of youtubers and
I'll catch you in the morning
good night
love baby Oh
