drunken love baby
done
have you moved your bed around you
changed it into a diamond shape out give
me him now give me elephant yeah good
morning guys welcome back I took
yesterday off of daily vlogging so I am
super excited and happy to finally be
back as in a ton of meetings yesterday
and stuff up in London it wasn't really
very fun day for the vlog so I did film
it and I was like this is just rubbish
this is boring this is me going to
meeting to meeting so I didn't bother
uploading there oh my gosh the weather
way I've got to quickly be going up
what's my gates on my driver gonna close
Oh quick
we're kicking off this morning meeting
up my friend Lawrence you guys probably
do know him from blog she would have
seen him in the background around places
and of course my friend che who you all
know and they're actually already there
I'm running slightly late I think I'm
like four minutes late already
the place is only like ten minutes away
so I need to get my buck going let's go
for breakfast
quit weather jet before I get in the car
look at the sky oh my gosh it's just
insane
you guys are so late
what you doing finished up breakfast
that was absolutely delicious like so so
good I always forget how good the
breakfast club actually are itching a
how good it actually is it's amazing in
there met so many of you guys so many
and one of you was vlogging as well and
had like the s120 like such a good
little setup I just popped into the
office as well to see and
kachanov her and got a little bit of
work done flat half an hour or so and
now off to go meet Trey and Lawrence
again and we're gonna go bowling did you
put it away for my parking ticket from
this morning what no I've been here for
two hours and 11 minutes and it's 13
that's more than the minimum wage so
some people could work two hours park
their car and lose money right in a node
Council or whoever owns this parking
space thing that's embarrassing that's
really really bad this is the first time
since I remembered look the trampolines
are good I definitely want to go on them
in a minute pirate adventure golf but
we're not here to do any of that
we're here to go bowling which I do love
I love all them man they've got a big
block slide that's more impressive than
my bouncy car a shooting day this is
amazing and the weather's so nice right
so as you know last time when I'm
bowling with Trey and Holly
we both betray all three games today
we're going to do the same
who's winning
J is losing again we came the other day
Polly shut three-strikes unloaded
we came the other day fully and che lost
all three games he's so bad boy that was
good
Lloris has five strikes so far in this
game
that is ridiculous Jay's come back out
of nowhere and he could beat Lawrence
oh my god yoyoyo one left one left Loras
is up Oh Ginny bit Jim what
oh she committed Olympics oh it's doing
the alpide a skip y'all one or five
laureates and sure and literally drew
that is that's so unlikely so you
finished up bowling so much fun I love
bowling
I wish when I was younger that there was
like a bowling club or something that
definitely would have done that people
need to make bowling into more of a
popular sport we were gonna have another
game of bowling or head back home but
I've just told everybody about the you
know when holly and I came to the indoor
glow-in-the-dark dinosaur it sounds
ridiculous bowling the other day if you
saw it then you'll know I'm drugged
knife we didn't see it you probably hang
out I'm crazy it was so much fun that I
think I've got like an hour to spare
before Marcus arrives so we're going to
try and go there now alright which
colors do you guys want pink
that's serious considering and I'm green
I feel underdressed occasion you look so
much better
oh man wear a white t-shirt I guess you
guys on those boys oh yes Jack I'd have
to make this into by the way devotion
here we go
Park - oh my god nice a stick with a bum
oh oh my god it's lost in the jungle
where is it oh come on what you did it
and we got it - I believe you've got to
make it in - oh is it rolling back oh
stop
yeah
I'm really dying yeah
you gotta intake no way oh my god oh it
was so close rolling oh let's see where
you got six of us laughter it's so hard
this home get it you got a beat for hey
I didn't even get up oh this is the best
hole that they have you literally hit it
up
and then it has to go into all of this I
need to get four three two one two three
or four that's good
that's so good yeah this little ones
mashing us down these are two hole in
ones I got 600
oh oh that's good
- is it would throw years place to get
it in na I'd be happy with that one but
I didn't get in
yeah oh oh what was that
Jordan we're in the danger zone
yes why I know you got sick cuz you're
next it spices good it's really good
try six is better okay going in my
you're up first on this so this whole
you can get in there you get it in one
if you miss it falls down these holes
forever and you get it in six both of
you get another go go on
oh okay Lawrence this one doc Darby's
good rabbit chaise up no pressure but
you did play go for like four years
oh I'm so not getting this in gone you
got to make it one minute literally six
point dad you won't leave without six oh
you sing something
Laura to me change I got Shawn Francis J
you got 45 I was just behind you I
didn't but you suck I don't know if this
is safe
I mean did you hear that sound yeah
sounds broken dinosaur than air but and
it I think we should walk hello mister
lift hello
oh it's working again what will get
every trap let's go I saw you like Trey
your glasses are so wonky today
Ray's funny cuz you turned upside down
and it's still one my life and thanks so
much
oh thank you yeah that looks cute check
yours looks good
joh gets left out okay Sanjay eat that
eat it oh yeah I remember lost on the
habit it's got no drink left to do is it
really hot
is he dying very good lunch thank you so
much haha these guys have been so cute
they just wait so long whilst we're
eating to prove it yeah thank you so
much have a lovely day if I don't see
you have fun let's book tennis Lawrence
yeah indoor that's a little bird down
here that always got a pony leg you can
still fly it's okay mate it's alright
alright we've just finished up bowling
lunch
mini golf I'd fun bloomin ech productive
day already
good that was really good chase
hilarious tastes so funny
we're gonna go meet up with Marcus and
Stephanie and then I don't need no we're
getting up to she's apparently her
favorite thing do you know this no do
you know what we're doing I don't know
what you're then we're going to laser
tag and then maybe bouldering what
climbing is that her favorite things to
do is day later I said to Argos what
what does she want to do when we arrived
he said her favorite thing ever it's
laser tag I was okay well let's do it
then
the other today we might be able to
hopefully the aim of today bowling
indoor glow-in-the-dark dinosaur
mini-golf laser tag and bouldering and
Zoe is at home in a meeting all day
about a new book
savage car parks fall come on somebody
come out finally managed to get into the
car park all good park the car and now
we are in the lanes I've just been
speaking to Marcus and he is currently
sat on the beach with Stephanie at the
moment so I'm gonna go meet them Sean's
gonna go meet his dad I think thing I'm
trying to call him trying to get through
he doesn't know where his dad is these
met you meeting his dad study where are
you daddy
goodbye see in a bit man good luck
finding your dad Oh
let's quickly run this is the good thing
Marcus's message me saying yeah I'm on
the beach come and meet me yeah okay
Marcus yeah cool yeah that that's just
going to be easy to find you that's
going to be so easy
cheers me Marcus no that's not Marcus
Marcus Marcus Nance not Marcus hmm
maybe that's Marcus Marcus Butler no
it's not her either
Donna Marie is
is this it Marcus oh maybe not listen to
this this is what marketers just sent me
it's the game my friends that you have
to figure out how to winner I'm giving
you until 1600 1613 to find me if you
have found me
you lose my friend 1613 market is
currently 1611 I have two minutes on the
entire a bright and bloody Beach to find
you we're definitely not near the
ice-cream things you're way too healthy
for any of that you could have at least
tell me what color clothes you're
wearing there he is and it's still 1611
look at him oh my gosh can you guys see
the time 1611 and there he is just
bumped into Jenny who's wearing my
t-shirt so gone Sophie who's got marks
phone case that's so good marks and
Stephanie have left me here I just
snapchat me non-stop
yeah just for nothing pictures with tons
of you guys are you ready for laser tag
um no no that's cue man Trev on your
nail let's say cue laser zone
have you got your own gun with you
apparently my hairs
go Ahead's going to glow so much man I'm
quite the second it's got all our own
clothes in her bag and our own gun she's
gonna fix it very serious fruit Oxford
where's she gone she's already playing
she's got to get changed into her
shooting clothes oh well a boy that's
you muck yeah look at my camera oh I
don't think I'm allowed to film in here
but I've already been shot have I been
sure yeah
Oh backup markers your hair is literally
like neon green wear yellow you shot
your own team my gun doesn't fire no my
flashing yellow doesn't fire oh yeah
Max and I are hiding oh no my guns back
on I need to play Oh game over you
sweaty I definitely did not do well I
shot like ten million bullets in here
about five yeah says how many shots
fired second of 18 that's what I'm
talking about
whoa okay right so the plan I can't turn
off against the plan now is to drive
back to mine I think as always finish a
meeting although I think she's not
feeling too well so she might be asleep
we're all gonna head back and I think
we're gonna grab some food together and
then just see what happens tonight I
know Marcus and Stephanie are driving
back to London so I don't think they're
gonna stay too late however which Ignacy
happens take it chilled have a fun day
you know it's such lovely weather when
the weather is nice in Brighton it's
literally the best place to live in the
entire world
Missy join your dinner coming in wait
don't think it go
yeah it's loving it so much of Jeff I
know I was forced to do this no you were
you just paid sorry today let's get your
head full where does it hurt
what ah yeah well it looks good you know
hmm
he bit my hair there boy norther NOLA
NOLA it looks so good Nicky's laptop all
right did you say you'd walk around like
a nice I said I don't think of it
you say you've got my laser zone with it
mock's is about to leave we still got
that Oh his hair spraying it in well I'm
not I wanna stay in there forever
okay perfect
see you later oh what's that
that's raining on my window no what were
you singing carry on singing what you're
singing can you keep this gonna lock it
in your pocket taking this one to the
grave
can you carry on singing the song you
would just sing into me if I show you
know you're not that one the one before
the one that you're making up on the
spot
come on no it was just for you not for
your viewers why hello sausage can we
get the ice cream and take it to bed yes
if one condition what if I die there for
the mass know what try and guess no it
doesn't send a bad name we can watch
Harry Potter no we can watch a Christmas
film no you can never hit the bed on
them what if this on one condition what
you take it back after and put it in the
freezer no oh all these other things you
said
you sleep
yeah we're dreaming about John dreaming
about how much you love me you know
doing about Nora
what you do in again the ice cream out
heat up the spoon so it melts the ice
cream be careful if you're doing this
guys watching this video don't ask to me
eat the spoon and put it in your mouth
or something well that worked so well at
all didn't work at all oh that's a big
bet Oh
tucked up in bed guys I have all tucked
up in bed it has been a very strange day
like I was planning to hang out with
Marcus and Stephanie all day I then
spent up until lunchtime hanging out of
chain Lauritz and just getting off to a
load of fun with them and then Sean
joined us as well went out for lunch and
everything and then then they're not
going to laser tag or laser zone
whatever you call it laser zone and
somehow I don't if I showed you guys but
I came second of everybody they're like
normally I suck so bad random people -
yeah there's like 18 of us wow there's
so much fun like so sweating I couldn't
really feel mean that I wanted to film
in there but you have to hold two hands
on the gun all times otherwise you can't
shoot because I pray there's two
different senses so I couldn't really
film that's why there's better any
footage but I hope you enjoyed that
nevertheless give the video bigger
thumbs up if you enjoyed all the
activities we did today and hanging out
with Marcus and Stephanie and this
buttface over here I didn't get to join
in on any other you didn't did you
you're working all day worked in a way
work work work work work um mostly gonna
say I know we can go again to Laser zone
I want to go again potat like a gopher
on my head or my chest or something mmm
no I'm gonna go a laptop now buy some
new gadgets you guys know today's attack
before yeah we're up with che and my
friend Luke and Laura was lobbyist there
I feel like he was yeah maybe I don't
know yeah Holly was there Marx is white
hair was literally like a man giving in
power goes I mean it's not a neon
lighting right I'm gonna go my laptop
order some new gadgets and stuff for the
vlogs because there are so many fun
things out at the moment if you ever see
anything that you want me to do in the
vlogs let me know down below tweet me
face with me Instagram me email me
whatever I will find out thank you so
much for watching today and being back
it was lovely to have yesterday off and
now I'm feeling refreshed and ready to
get back into it after one day off I am
what we don't tomorrow I don't know my
car's getting picked up tomorrow morning
to get fixed I don't know if I told you
my windscreen wiper is slightly bent
some reason so it doesn't like wipe the
whole screen I do though skeptics
tomorrow I'll catch you then give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it your
target today is 26,000 thumbs up that is
your target to beat I'll see you
tomorrow morning bright and early
subscribe if you haven't already and
I'll catch ya then good night dragon
love baby young Oh what you were single
me
oh yeah we are watching Morrison go Matt
I forgot to tell you guys that watching
more listen god I've been drinkin I'm
enjoying them she happen I've been
drinking water
