good morning oh man I just realized I
haven't actually checked to see whether
there
the dye is out of my hair as soon as I
got out of the shower I put a hat on
because I couldn't be bothered to dry my
hair today let's see if the gray has
actually gone under also we're back to
the camera because I just don't think
the phone quality was as good okay the
gray has all gone as the red gone out of
my beard seems to have gone up my beard
as well we'll get the gray / silver has
got a silver / gray and the red has also
gone out of my beard slow start to
today's vlog very early productive start
to today as a whole so we kicked off
this morning waking up about 9 o'clock
Zoe actually made me breakfast in bed
thanks Zoe and my edited to daily vlogs
because as you know I didn't upload a
daily vlog yesterday which was the day
before yesterday for you so I don't like
to videos today which was yesterday
confusing I basically had to edit to
daily folks today so no one else want
some water
yes joint lemon with it yes and then
I've just started editing the main
channel video that would have went up
yesterday for you guys which features
Tania Jim Zoe and mr. Joseph sorry so I
hope you enjoyed that one as well mark
and Zoe have just filmed just today it's
been so productive for everyone no
markings I have just finished filming a
video for Zoe's channel yeah and one
video left to film yeah yeah
everyone's had showers and some these
you've got incredibly incredibly messy I
kind of bought it but without looking
properly at it like I saw the top of it
and stuff nozzle are you having like
that I was in a rush and then when I got
home I'm like hmm there's quite a few
more rips than what I thought and this
one is so nearly on my nipple that's the
hole in my nipples here that would have
been bad show me to make lunch today
okay I got it
I'll do it so get okay oh cheese from
yesterday we've still got Colin we could
take it to your mum yes we haven't eaten
Colin yet which we bought all you've
even got the candle ready just
Herman a video for Marks main YouTube
channel was very interest interesting
sure you say very very interesting he's
now heading off to meet open the door
yep see you soon I will do what oh my
god oh no mark hold the bottom oh no you
got too much stuff it's good you bring
your whole life every time you come
every day marks days he brings enough
clothes and belongings and everything to
literally live here for like three weeks
we're having a nice little cuddle a
little sausage we love to see buzz she
gets so excited we're going in the car
off to my mum and dad's for a Sunday
roast the time is Karli 6:20 in the
evening we've also got Poppy's cake here
as well to do tonight
mum's got a swing ball in her garden
she's just bought oh my gosh this is
like my childhood game swing ball Pro
not a normal one no Matt are it's even
got a scoring system look at all of this
rose thank you ma'am this looks insane
I'm sorting out with the chicken taking
off the bone
you guys don't eat human food well
literally just sat next to you look at
that look at them yeah never be that
where we go
what's it oh my gosh they can just smell
the chicken how is that they don't going
to leave you now we've got the game that
I uploaded yesterday my main YouTube
channel for us all to play hot seat
everybody just come in
slide homie come on Colin you just want
to see ya
why was he gonna oh oh oh no push it
properly n if I need a property in
because it will fall around it's awfully
quick do again pressure
yeah
hey guys hopefully 1 million Instagram
followers no don't blow and it's one
year yeah yeah when you're Mia god bless
ya oh you scared buzzy boy you run
it up to Mum you can't blow it out yeah
girl in the caterpillar Carly in the
caterpillar Poppy's gone fast what do I
know more about than anyone else in the
room oh that's great bloody hard is net
great actually not that mass well then
how to choose a new one because now
everyone knows that when it's not yours
Tommy hey code my bumhole on Oh Bobby
ok listen to the dogs they're being so
naughty upstairs I'm gonna sneak up
what are you two doing naughty doggies
look at them oh my gosh
what are you doing look at the carpet
look at with her foot marks oh my gosh
buzzy buzzy boy hey results are in from
the game in last place we have with for
four points not even five is dad four
points this a bit this is first game
you've ever lost in second to last place
with seven points we have mum third to
last place with 8 points tied
we have Shawn and Alfie in second place
we have with 10 points this is poppy so
in first place we have Zoe with 11
points only one point and coming in
good girl into bed
you got choice of two beds very spoil a
blanket and two toys no all the night I
just get back up oh just ducked up into
bed I've got such a good program that we
should watch tonight Zoe my hair looks
ridiculous I still need a booger God
please can you remind me we laughing at
what you just said that sounds like
Booker we only do booked a haircut
what's it okay okay I got this
blog has been like four minutes long I
swear I've done like nothing today in
this world and normally they're so much
more productive and fun bits because I
edited three videos today and filmed a
video as well but I don't want to watch
Netflix no I want to watch I want to
watch that programme the puppies will
come out with that on the island for a
year
called Eden Eden that's the one but it's
on channel 4 I believe not an excellent
oh there's expelled come on Dallas have
you seen that I've seen that I've got my
prices in just about to finish watching
episode 1 of Eden it is so good if you
haven't already gone and checked it out
you need to do so this is awesome go
check out the three videos that I
uploaded yesterday for you or leave a
link to them all down below subscribe if
you haven't already and I'll catch you
tomorrow we've got a very very exciting
day it's a very very important meeting I
don't know if I'm allowed to film it but
it'll be an adventure we can go together
and Zoe's coming as well so I'll see you
in the morning wait oh this planner
we're going to go again
