I'm so tired
look at that winner oh my gosh good
morning guys good morning guys today I
am testing out using a different combine
oh I have no idea whether you guys are
going to like it I don't know whether
I'm gonna like it if you hate it don't
you worry tomorrow we're going to be
back to normal I just wanted to test it
out so I'm currently using the Samsung
it's not even else how you guys are
doing how you doing hope you having a
lovely day
welcome to pride today is oh my gosh
you're not even gonna guess the time let
me show you the time first it's Saturday
and 834 it's 834 in the morning and I'm
this awake on a Saturday
we got blooming lovely weather as I've
just shown you we've got poppy my sister
and her friend poppy downstairs get in
some like face makeup you stuff it down
to look all cool and jazzy for pride
what was I just saying
forgot my saying I'm 200 that was it I'm
currently filming today on the Samsung
s7 so actually a mobile rather than a
camera because this is a lot easier to
carry in my pocket I've broken four of
the g7 X cameras in the last like in the
last like two months or something
ridiculous so today we're gonna be
trying out this camera let me know what
you think what's going on in here what
is Turan I believe my phone already
where's that phone this is my new vlog
camera just oh yeah we're gonna call it
you go look it up that's insane
so I'm testing out this phone today or
is anything in here what about films are
they nah just a bassinet
my skin looks crazy in this camera crazy
yesterday we bought some naughty
breakfast very exciting but naughty I
did warn you trusted trusted Freddy's
trusted Freddy's rusted shreddies Lima
speaking this too early it's way too
early
oh we got the creepy little Bowl creepy
little Bowl and we've got a creepy
little mug pop what look you're going
for
Grady not you can't this a really hot
girl that's gonna let sick oh yes I was
telling you guys yesterday what we
bought so you bought silver hairspray
pink hair spray glitter to put in your
hair different glitter to put in your
hair and then we bought these as well I
am a lot of good all of this stuff which
is like or different glitter bits what
let me see how it's going yeah that
looks so good ain't it 1u lexan in the
Sun use some B then I don't have what
I'm wearing today I've got to find the
perfect was always getting dressed she's
kind of Nikki Oh reverse out of there
you're good now don't know what to wear
I just want bright colors some really
really bright colors proper out there
like the more you dress up the less you
stand out I'm going to have to get used
to looking not here but here look at the
cameras on the side also you could wear
this or I might even fit into it yeah
Zoe's got a metallic silver dress or I'm
trying that one it might fit me as a
t-shirt guys we're going to have to go
crazy with my hair today this t-shirt is
waitlet you can see my nipples this is
far too tight that mark look at this
is a dress of Zoey's look at my nipples
that you can see this is the first time
I've ever used dry shampoo it's made my
hair go gray if I put too much in I've
got a grey highlights and it's pretty
cool I've changed up to just a normal
pink t-shirt Society marker you styling
my hair yeah
I'm gonna let mark do whatever he wants
to my hair today with color
yeah with color we've got all of the
glittery stuff what kind of style are we
hoping for today mark curly whirly I'm
going to let you out the chocolate bar
the car you Riley now I'm gonna make it
like like maybe like beach curls what do
you think no it's quite cool it's like
Disney hair
did I literally looks like a Disney how
it looks like I've got highlights in it
because my black patch coming outside to
dye my hair silver well done with silver
yeah yeah and then we've got glitter
spreads off after and look at my hair Oh
have you made a hole in it oh you made
like a little amazing look at this
hairdresser mark what how do you want it
Kipps do whatever you want okay
is it really silver yeah oh my gosh it
looks so silky now I'm inside and what
do you think comment down below what you
think oh yeah all the time
we literally have zero tonic Oh guys I
don't know what to do my life do we have
to go to Tesco yeah yeah let's get two
of them
then we've got Zoe a couple of drinks of
drugs she doesn't drink alcohol the gin
that Mark bought is this is spicy gin
he's just going to try a little bit
straight now just before fitting the
other stuff
spicy oh that looks good looks so good
now I like the lips as you know I like
to buy the weirdest stuff I can find
online ages ago
and it's just been sitting on the side
in the kitchen you
the background videos I bought this kit
online that basically is called men's
society glitter beard kit I mean my
beard isn't as big as that but I could
add a little bit of stubble going on
just a little bit so we're going to make
it glittery fill up I mean like a luxury
salon like G&T was getting like all that
we've been dreaming there my big dumb
don't touch as well it's harder to see
in this camera than it is in real life
it stands out more marks a bad guess
hair glittered how scare do you like 11
marks hair is a his prized possession
you ready
do I trust J of course you do oh of
course
hey you just did my hair I'm trustworthy
you don't go crazy I'm more trustworthy
than you
Kim oh my gosh it looks so good ahh
you can't see it too much in the count
in real life it's insane that's so
annoying that you guys can't see it it
looks ridiculous
Evans Carly getting his makeup done no
Lulu he's going pink he's doing the pink
now that's what you're about to be
wearing that's to stop the hair dye I'm
getting on your t-shirt please be read
oh my gosh it's like candy floss is it
right yeah all right we're just walking
down now - Preston Park which is where
one area of pride is this is like the
main place where I used to go when I was
younger
well that's lucky we didn't go this way
Zoe I was about to tell you to drive
down here kind of glad we didn't we
literally got the best parking spot ever
look at the ride go in for air that's
what we're going everybody
whoa the parade still on I thought we
missed yeah
it turns out we were just standing in
the wrong view for like 20 minutes and
because we printed off our tickets are
few is tiny but heaven is all the way
over there in a massive unit with his
all we're going to see him in a minute
though we're going to wake him the
inside you're excited
also our disguises have many worth the
amount of people that stopped already it
said come here pictures and I'm like oh
I thought this was going to I didn't we
were perfect thank you so much
whoo I got my wrist bag got my wristband
I'm so happy okay we're in
why do you say gamma L Series you got
most of tonight who you are with yeah I
said it's not working is it though it's
silk and that's okay okay fine thank you
all right we just got some drinks
they're busy I do you know I wish I wish
we bought karaoke for tonight
okay let's go we just got some drinks
another gin and tonic and Holly wants to
gun party where Vince is already party
she's more own store for moment show
everyone your straw
on your lips
No
we finished up that knowledge it would
just come out to have an alien or see
what else going on here so much going on
there's a piercing stand body piercing
are you gonna get body piercing oh my
goodness
oh really oh let me get some freebies
Holly did you want any cat any birds
with your ketchup
we just got cheeseburgers I am beyond
happy Evan is tactically eating it
leaning forward because he but must have
ketchup and mayo in that all right
another fiver for any sauces just in
case I split down myself what have they
done is it good oh yeah it's reversible
yeah let's sit down somewhere come round
I'm not sure what this audio is like it
is so windy becoming man to order the
rides at the moment also I was jumping
in the background
Holly I want you to go on that one would
you do it no you wouldn't but then we're
going to go on this
if I trust their quality justice
Oh
that was far how is that I'm dizzy
losing everything
Diane
ah no if you wanted a try - we loved
your voiceover exactly
wait so this way now we're going to go
again
whoa
hey you're writing an exciting off boy
it's open now ready for Mitch right
Oh
tell me
time for us to leave was going to head
back because we've left Nile at for
three and a half hours and because she's
a pug we can only leave her for four
hours at home by herself so we're
heading back for a couple of hours going
to take her out on a walk gonna play
with her for a bit and then and then I
think we might come back later on or
maybe hit the beach or I don't know
check this guy's outfit it's got a tail
and everything hey Dan
there's always gone for a pretty small
sausage good we're currently all playing
hot seat towards Evan likes to call it
hot squat actually tomorrow there should
be a main channel video of this me
playing with Jim Tania Zoe and kind of
Joe ish kind of Joe got off on my main
channel tomorrow so look at my bloomin
hair if you draw D up as you're watching
this there'll be a link down below don't
enjoy it go show it some love do you not
like the chocolate make the system see
oh these guys give interview today we've
done you not like it
that's okay are you comfortable I'm very
fun for your Bert
how are you constable wait Evans it back
I need to get the perfect photo no my
much I'm looking at how weird is that
mark let's see it's a bit dub it's a
pizza right we're going to meet box and
then we've got tons of meat boxes
alright we've got two margaritas with
mascarpone on them one was just spare
cuz I thought you know what why bloody
not three of these what is this oh it's
Jacob but were they don't really is
lovely thank you Evan says he eats any
pizza and then as soon as I start
talking about my favorite pizzas he's
not interested in spice I decide always
know but no sweet corn that's unholy
nine board or stool no tuna or beans
yeah no means my favorite Beach
- no mic all over my hair I feel that it
looks like it's real
it is real
my favorite business tuner and sweet
corn those are two things that will
never be content having our pizza we try
yet I've had corn that I mean I might
junior and sweet corns many a sense I
have on you know sandwiches casseroles
things that they belong in the very
tight on a pizza
I just wanted go to America and try and
order it - no I won't do that but we're
not in America we're not in America okay
next one all right I will definitely try
it
judai tuna I love to know how they're
proven what are you on about
if you like tuna and literally
approaches what do you like you to milk
next time is over dyes remind me
goodnight see you later man night see
you soon say goodbye everyone has gone
to bed everything's just left and going
back to where he's staying in Brighton
in which he's actually staying
embroidered amidgett on some lights he's
standing point him for an extra week so
hopefully we're going to be able to get
to hang out of him some more today's in
a fun day look at my hair it looks blue
in this comber it's like proper shiny
gray in real life but I kind of think it
looks quite cool anyways I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog if you did give it
a big ol thumbs up let me know what you
think about this camera I know it's a
little bit different it's so much
smaller so much easier to blog with than
the big one but obviously we'd have to
get used to it if we were going to use
it and yeah just thank you for the
support
thank you so much for everything you
guys do for me it means I know I say a
lot but more than you could ever ever
content myself seriously with this hair
imagine like it means so much it's so
amazing getting to celebrate just such a
positive fun day everyone was just so
happy wearing whatever they wanted
actually however they wanted being
completely themselves that's the
important thing
day was a day for everybody and
especially the lgbtq+ community to just
act and be who they truly are and not be
scrutinized not be targeted or judged or
anything and it was amazing is so so I
wish I wish that it was like that every
single day and everyone could be
themselves without being judged we will
get there we are get in there everything
is getting better and better every
single day in this world
anyways I'm gonna stop rambling I love
us so much of a netbook down here
because Zoe are not already asleep
upstairs and bet your target for today's
thumbs up ah don't do Lu Gong is 28,000
thumbs up okay I know you're going to
absolutely smash it 28,000 thumbs up go
down below smash the thumbs up and
subscribe if you're not already I'm
going to catch you tomorrow with an
extreme tomorrow morning I've got such a
great morning something I've never ever
done before so I'm excited and I'll see
ya then good good good good good good
good good night
and he can
and he got you
