goodbye hmm
are you gonna be here when I get back
I'll be gone good morning guys good
morning good morning how on earth they
are doing look at this the grass is like
a seven that little line there it's all
growing back from when I killed it with
my bouncy castle anyways I hope you
having a lovely day let me know what
you're doing in the comments down below
I mean the weather's not too great today
I swear this morning there was a blue oh
there's a little bit of a blue sky over
there up here we've got quite a grey
cloudy sky then if we move over there it
looks pretty nice and blue I'm just
hoping everything's moving this way so
that it gets rid of the grey and brings
the blue over on it doesn't bring the
blue as in the clouds disappear Zoe is
in town having a super exciting meeting
just taking all about good gal going for
a week and then I'm about to pop to the
studio maybe pop to town as well and
grab some lunch with ang and just catch
up because we've been away for a couple
of days from each other coming in inside
so we need to have a good old catch-up
and both see how everything's going
here's to little treats coming in Kyo
there's one there's another I'm going to
close this
you should have elephant in there there
you go you can have elephant to play
with I'll see in a couple of hours oh
you look so cute I will see you in a
couple of hours gorgeous bye bye
in other clubs you get in using my name
my mama don't like you and she likes
everyone so just come out to grab lunch
and just currently up all doing what she
wants
we've just been sorting out tons of
stuff because as I said we haven't been
with each other for a couple of days for
lunch I went for some I went to a new
place this place is called ideal or
something like that let me see if the
cutter I don't know ideas or idea or
something and I've gone for sweet corn
fritters like addressing some squash
hummus and salad looks amazing and I've
got a latte coming on the way thank you
so much thank you thank you I love my
little side up and feed on up there
so probably Shawn just ran me and they
are currently parked in their car in
Churchill Square which is about ten
minutes right here and then they're
going to walk down and join us
although then we have this coolest table
in the world so then how did I do it for
the same as me probably chewing on their
way as well
there are we're going to come into a new
class from her hair I don't know just
unless they sit there completely forgot
to show you about popping in Sean joined
us if you're not from Brighton you might
not be aware that tomorrow is pride
which is basically a celebration of the
lgbtq+ community and it's like a massive
massive celebration here so the biggest
event brighton and hove as a city do
during the year it's incredible everyone
is so happy so positive it's going to be
amazing and I think I'm going to try and
head out with Zoe it's going to be so
busy though like literally so busy so
we're going to try and buy some outfits
today to where we're going to buy some
fun stuff
ice ball oh my god it's like yeah then
 well then once hair color sprays
are we saying pink pink hairspray
I don't need to just go full-on bed set
and then no one would ever know it was
me
oh my gosh papi look at your boyfriend
pop and just currently in the queue
they're at the post office picking up
some new samples for merchandise future
stuff coming Chiron what have you found
is it like it's bigger than a giant
nickel I mean fried egg giant right egg
head is it chocolate that oh dear
luminaire no it's my light man no way
that you care
Bob Bob Bob just popped into the good
old 42 juice
they had my favorite drink which they
never ever have I don't know how to
pronounce it it's like kefir lemonade
and it's basically like natural
probiotics that they like run and it's
hey hey doing oh you got kendama yeah
awesome this boys nailing the kendama
just bought it earlier oh he's got it
boy yes oh my gosh Shaun's looking to
buy a little ring we've just bought I
know Saudi man wrapped up is it possible
to open it just to stay just bookmark a
little present there we go
amazing
thank you so much yeah now this is going
to go tomorrow so I'll give it to him
today yeah kind of heating up Sean's
ring to try and make it fit his finger
sausage fingers
it's not black it's a different ring
yeah that's that's indica yeah I'm sorry
shining Paulista when it comes to hair
products I never ever know what to use
there's too much available my hair just
doesn't play ball it doesn't like any of
them
so I think today I'm going to try and
buy two or three new ones I used to
always use one of these actually just
remember I just use the purple one I
think it wasn't these they brought out
hand and I'm gonna set it oh you had the
little pad a bit they put in your life
roots I think Jo suck use that does it I
think so I got some
I need to lay good you told me about it
really good my entire school years that
is what I used in my head that was the
one and I used to use stuff like this
when I was proper younger when I was in
like year five and saying I think my
hair was so stiff it was literally wet
constantly and it was like rock solid
like a quit my whole head used to be
flat and then it would go at the top I
go yeah like yeah that's what my was
like Mugler no Markus Markus market ah
why didn't he tell me using Brighton
today Marcus Marcus Butler these hats
that I wear basically every single day
I'll have it in green red and blue I've
now come into whistles and they've got
it in black and gray I'm gonna have to
get them I know you guys hate me wearing
hats but when I can't be bothered to do
my hair this is the best resort to go to
any rather than having messy hair for
the videos that's in a bit man goodbye
see you tomorrow
so I've just left the others now I'm
jumping back in my car to head back home
and we've got a special I've already
told you because I just bought him a
present
we've got a special guest joining us
tonight mr. mark fellows is at the house
who I believe he's either at the house
will come into the house any minute to
hang out of Zoe and I tonight and
tomorrow
but yeah just any man has been a lovely
day it's been super super relaxed I've
just like caught up with Ange and
everything this morning and now with
locks actually gone live and I have I'm
normal laptop like I always try and get
on my laptop the minute my vlog goes
live and read all of your comments for
the first like half an hour or hour or
so and today I manage through that it's
currently six o'clock in the evening and
I'm still in town this is weird I don't
like it like I don't know how what you
guys think of the new vlog I kind of
haven't been there to gauge whether you
enjoying it or not whoa that is a crazy
Ferrari oh my gosh and bright red as
well today it's been successful
everybody we just bought me two new hats
like as if I don't already have enough
hats
and he can
you can't know
la doggy I missed you a half hello chaps
why you hide your face you got me a
present the other day hey there you go
that's the string would you tell would I
thank you
oh yeah it's a creepy face is a creepy
one oh my gosh I love that oh my gosh hi
CJ
boy we are drinking this tonight yes
tonight Oh Maddie can go with my gin
collection if you guys didn't already
know I'm obsessed with Jim I got some
presents from a - presents for myself so
that you're gonna love see you open my
presents so wait so Marc brought you
presents and you brought this up yeah
trainers what is happy where I hate him
wearing what Danny ah yeah well that's
nice and then lit you should it's this
amazing
it's the same as this one and the green
one and the red one but just different
colors it's always the same hat I just
got it in five colors now feel a soft
day or you cannot not like it you really
cat no I wasn't oh my god that suits you
yeah I just messed your hair out oh no I
look like a baseball player
I went jewelry shopping as well but I
didn't find anything that I liked so I
got Marc something yeah this was
just very you did you actually yeah
promise yeah why'd you quiet it was just
very you I love it
you chose candor
oh my god I'm often
and it's a really long let you wear them
is this really funny yeah it's real
silver and gold plated fudge I saw the
cat was like oh thank you like it yeah
yeah that's right when you just said I
got your present I was like I got you
results did you know I was the longest
chain they had oh my god I love it you
like it I love it so much thanks Elfie
it's right focus there we go you seen my
man bitch cuz you know I was talking
about pride earlier this is the main
spot in which it happens this is called
Preston Park oh that's a dance ten it's
so sick when I was younger mommies your
the point the dance ends were amazing
look at that look at that I just popped
out to a little M&S source of petrol and
I will get some right there's mashed
potato
Zoey wanted wagon Mama's for dinner but
now we've decided to pop here instead
because I want to start trying there and
then if I think I said you guys out I
want to start trying to eat a little bit
healthier so I want to grab some salmon
for dinner tonight I don't know if they
sell something here though would you
look at this going to have some salmon
what you haven't for dinner
I think Kevin pies yeah so we want to
call in the caterpillar I just said I'm
trying to eat healthy and you're
persuading me by getting a call in
there's nothing more that I want in my
life right now than a colin is there any
excuse poppy just hit one more Instagram
followers we need seven people for Colin
I mean even though she's not there
we still need to celebrate come on the
other guys are already eating because I
spent ages just trying to work out how
to transfer files from the Samsung s7
phone that I have from the Samsung from
the Samsung s7 phone look at my hair I
need it cut so bad I've decided today
I'm gonna get my hair cut really short
mark you're not cutting it marks any
wants to cut it no you're not oh no you
wouldn't be good although do people know
that you've got your own yeah mark cuts
his own hair that's crazy
do you know in yesterday's video I was
looking in John Lewis for a new camera
and I just couldn't find them I couldn't
find one that was good enough I think
tomorrow's vlog I'm gonna test using the
Samsung phone the s7 phone for
tomorrow's vlog it's not as good in
low-light the outside it is phenomenal
and it's so much small and it will never
on our charge super easy to use
so that's willing them to try and use
tomorrow anyway it's for just that now
we gonna watch horror film tonight yeah
we're gonna have a horror movie night
pop is just talking about a program
called is Eden oh yeah have you heard
about this mark I've heard about it so
it's 24 people in the UK and it's really
it's not acted also I know my hair's
crazy I know you don't need to comment
it 24 people in the UK I believe 24 who
go to an island to just start like their
own civilization again for a year they
live they have to build their houses
they have to farm their own food
dude everything for a year looks like
what backrub them
number for a year so imagine everything
for a year I'm probably they probably
don't even a mobile so I don't know and
there's three episodes out so far
probably just told me she's watching
that Nala are you watching it or I don't
fin that's how you kiss Kim Piggy a kiss
oh that's okay okay then yeah finally my
food is done we've got salmon and quinoa
and my veg oh I've got my little thing
over there I asked you thanks love
thanks for that hun thanks for that baby
go baby
we definitely not call each other baby I
forgot sorry I got you another present
earlier close your eyes you have to
guess what it is did you see you have to
guess before you open them wait these
guys haven't even seen what it is card
game Nate chocolate yeah what kind is it
the one that was in the source box open
it 42 no this is my favorite chocolate
do they have any other flavors yeah no
what other flavors I did know how to
pick that once on you that was one that
you liked was mark made I made it eating
fondue eating fondue so we have like I
think it's white and chocolate little
cookie thing mark bought this over I
liked whole bits of chocolate
marshmallow mmm I was meant to be
healthy from today what was wrong ain't
one of them why oh gosh what one the
chocolate ball was it just a water drop
Lucien you want one either
mmm I did not expect it to be like that
inside in one wooden your face without
video now all in there cheers Cheers
cheers everybody why I couldn't cheer to
me Cheers yes this to I am I have no
idea how I got this laid eyes poppy my
sister and her friend poppy are coming
over tomorrow morning together like
makeup done and everything for pride
8:00 a.m. in a little bit so I've got to
keep up with my advice in off hours
coming in Lille 1 to be to bed if we put
you to bed so cinch
yeah oh my god yes you know that little
one see in the morning
tonight we watched a film called hacked
was there waves more me and mark and Zoe
was like half asleep but half not it was
kind of like boom Eagle but really
really scary horrific horror film but he
not into that
don't look it up it was really intense
and now I'm like the last one left awake
just finished watching a horror film
anyways right I'm gonna in the book guys
thank you so much for watching today if
you enjoyed it give it a big ol thumbs
up as usual yesterday's vlog is
absolutely smashing the likes I think
it's already for me got 28,000 thumbs up
so let's see if we can beat that
tomorrow as I've said a multiple times
in this video it is pride it is going to
be so much fun we're going to get up
there and just have fun and enjoy
ourselves and celebrate so hope you
excited for that and I'll catch you in
love morning good night guys I'm not
even tired I don't even know how I'm
gonna fall asleep good night what's this
bone spine no back yes um
