what are you doing good morning guys how
you doing what are you up to have you
been since I last saw you don't actually
have ups absalom that apps not so you've
got bits it up yeah
she's equally do crunches in your sleep
it must it may be when you look didn't
maybe when you tense when you and
propone
just somewhat get that was going on
toddlers upstairs she's just been
working out today this morning and she's
in the shower getting dressed
jim is currently at a meeting already
and we're Max and Schilling will exit
yeah
Martha is Martha's popped out with a
friend another doggy friend so now let's
just sleep in you tired
mmm-hmm hey Lou good you scare are you
smell so doggy because her mother been
licking each other's faces I know I'm
not straight getting you like a dog but
then also feelin kind of like you know
in your making my hair greasy is what
you're doing yeah it's already kind of
greasy nose cancer is it shiny iPod
though well go is shiny I kind of need
to pop it on to Cartier you guys know
that I wear one of these bracelets that
don't come off
supposedly well guess what that's very
show them yours because I can't show the
mine I wear one of these ones oh he does
they're actually bought them for each
other but mine they're not met to come
off and you have to screwdriver them on
and off it sounds crazy it is a bit
weird they could love bangles love
bracelet love bracelets and you
basically meant to put them on with like
a partner or something and then you
don't ever take them off
mine's falling off me twice luckily both
times at home because they're incredibly
incredibly incredibly incredibly
expensive so I don't want to lose that
but it's falling off me twice I need to
pop out to the shop to see if they can
fix that for me as I just said Tania's
in the shower and Jim's out a meeting so
I think what we should do is put this
little one to bed because she's so tired
and we should pop out go get some
food jump in your car and then also
catch some Pokemon
how's that sound there are some good
pokémon around here yesterday I was
catching loads of stuff that I don't
really catch and bright hey there's
loads of eby's around here yeah I think
I could I could evolve my no you can't
you know then you can get a pay pour in
and you know how good that is
oh just not great angle Wow
I want to hold my Eevee mommy pin you to
bed let me flip your little ear back
she's already asleep again in corner for
New Year like it was yesterday
you know what I really want to do you
again James back from his meeting how
was that look at that that's what it was
all about I know it was really good she
very positive I walked out and actually
emailed the class had a meeting with on
the way out to snakes cleaner for really
good like that was a lovely meeting whoa
we just went on a nice little walk I
didn't really film too much I was
literally just busy catching pokémon's
and let me show you what I do you all
have all I didn't catch them all we
don't even maybe catch them all but then
gets them all they call me Jim Ketchum
now they call you Jim Ketchum look what
I just got 1,400 they pour in the man in
the shop when we're buying our food said
to me there's more to life in that game
well he doesn't know shit
and I was like have you got the game no
but my friends do
well then that's where you go involved
you need to download it but we just
bought so much delicious food I love
that I'm right I bought a salmon quiche
and a wrap I just realized I went yeah
you know how to have seven eggs yeah
then no you're not I picked this and the
man in the shot was like that is a good
choice
well that was before you slate me flem
Pokemon but it's a boost juice let me
see is it good see if you've been
watching these videos for a while you'll
know that whenever Zoe and I see a posh
bottle of water so these are that ah we
always buy it but good we're interested
to know why oh I am why some water can
be more expensive than others previously
we bought waters like two or three
pounds before which is ridiculous or a
bottle of water today
today we've sinned canned water this was
1 pound 25 it's got like a little
quick-release kind of leads and right
there can't pour the water we don't get
it right
is this normal here yeah yeah anyway
it's kind of like a sparrow there are my
god no no not a drowsy then that's just
lie of money that's just like buckston
water everyone yeah yeah good little
thing on there oh you have to take the
little plastic yeah oh oh there you go
it's really did oh wow you slide it okay
it's already worth the money you slide
it so we gonna try right
I thought it really and water do you
like shopping under like a busy drink
the water is you know messes you mind I
kind of love out of a can
really good can I try wait you slide
there George try out seven what is that
peach honking thank you that is so weird
it not being fizzy yeah
that's nearly little tiny bit I don't if
I like that I like that you can just
slide it back close to like put it back
in your bag learn yeah every can should
be at like so I never finish account
it's gonna blow your mind
squats - oh is weird isn't it it's so
weird - I water my flask I can campaign
something this is my current editing
situation got two little doggies next to
me hey then he both so sleepy now I just
just finished editing uploading
tonight's new daily vlog you get there
takis what's happening over ere
very good I think what is this it's like
brownie
I just got mushed my finger into it yeah
that's what it's like can't wait to see
your reaction isn't it amazing and then
trying to flash back to house it appears
show shop come on put your two your
narrow oh thank you so much yes you made
me the biggest tea in the world easy
more about say more hmm got to cleanse
my palate with my mighty now go try this
really good time I got a present for you
it's a present left to EJ okay yeah and
out this is a dad no do I actually have
to eat that yeah you have to eat it put
it off close your eyes put in your mouth
go it's not like that that's nice quick
it's not dirty coffee with it I'm
feeding your mouth
goodbye doggies play BAE BAE yeah see
you soon
lady hit about let's not do that one
again
have you got this one ah that's really
cute someone take it in there's a lot
taken my
Jim's gone to a meeting and the girls
have bought me champagne I thought that
meant bit of everything I didn't realize
it mean dress you're banking which is
what would not you're doing for summer
parties apparently yeah I can see you
hello dress number two no this is a one
how frustrating it fits me here but it's
too big here this is the thing with
clothes is that you tryna medium from
one like brand or one t-shirt then
you're trying to meet him in another and
it's completely different the fit
widened clothes companies just use like
one universal size hey Zoe
I don't know oh that's been around
that looks cool he's always trying to
help turnout I know when you get me who
please
successful shopping got a couple of
t-shirts so far and now we're in
anthropology which is basically like if
you're into interior you're into how
bits and stuff this is the one that this
place is awesome there's so much going
on in here
so I've separated from the girls they've
won makeup shopping now and I think
they're going to go buy some booty bits
or baking bit because I'm Indian want to
do some baking later on tonight grab
myself some coffee going ice laughter oh
my gosh my own level two we're gonna
fall
I've come to John Lewis or this is
actually what John Lewis was before John
Lewis was John Lewis this is a fetus
something I don't know basically going
to see if I can get any blogging combo
because this one just keeps on breaking
I've had four of these and now there's
like weird smudges and marks in the
screen audio and televisions cameras
perfect so I've had this camera here the
whole you guys didn't like it I've had
that camera it's a little bit too big
now I've had four of these ones and
there's good burr
that's what musing right now and I've
also had one of these ones which wasn't
very good how you doing I'm good you get
do you by the camera oh my god haha
should we get vicha
so there's this so many camera that I've
been looking at like is it a 6300 kkona
kkona kkona counter come on please say
they've got it
here it is oh my gosh no it's massive
that's even bigger than one amusing at
the moment I just tried four different
cameras this is still the one that I
think it's going to be the best it is
called the Sony why will my camera not
focus this is prime example one in why
need a new one the a6300 but it doesn't
have inbuilt stabilizations
the footage might be a little bit show I
don't know I don't know I wanna wanna I
want to go home and watch a load of
reviews and those people who use it to
vlog and see what their footage looks
like before I spent a stupid amount of
money on a new camera I'm not sure if
you guys were aware but the other day
when Sean and I bought two GoPro
sessions they were the last two in the
shop in fact I even have to get the one
from the actual side in the shop and I
got like 10
hands off books mine was slightly
scratched only on the back of though not
on the lens but Zoey really really
wanted one but there was only two in the
shop so she didn't manage to get one so
I'm going to buy one now and surprise
her for my like a tiny Jim's this camera
is about to run out of charge
any second dislike doo-doo-doo here we
go hopefully they can fix my bracelet so
I fell to buy a new camera as you guys
know and now they've taken my bracelet
in to try and repair it and it's going
to cost me up to 200 pounds so I just
said to them that that can't but like
it's not my fault it's broken
it must be faulty when I bought it so
they're going to try and do it for free
I can't keep on cutting out what I
missed you I miss you today even though
I saw you like an hour or so ago close
your eyes put your present keep them
closed
no it wasn't from this shop I just put
it in that bag keep your eyes closed I
got myself nothing
where did Jim by Tom presents
okay keep your eyes closed no no peeking
what do you think it is that were you on
it you literally just then when you
hugged it you look like the little kid
you know when he gets the banana
Thank You order gonna really go this
yesterday no extreme water place yeah
well you got one now
okay for you no no look I thought we can
do for the way home tonight is we can
stick it down that bit into your car in
the middle so we can do like carpool
karaoke just have some exciting phone
calls and stuff for future things get
excited we're about to film the new
video you know the game that we're
playing in yesterday's vlog that I just
fast forwarded that you guys didn't
actually get to see what it was it was
really really fun so we're gonna film it
from my main engine i main youtube wait
do I make main youtube channel videos no
I made it another month but I mean I
want my dough in alright just finished
filming up the main Channel video was
super super good you guys will be happy
to see that dinners just arrived which
we just got a bit carried away in
ordered look oh my gosh that looks
amazing
Joseph helped down the video as well one
do anything all you needed didn't need
he got the scoring one debater
whatsoever he goes on I got two points
Joe wasn't even played at the video and
he got basically the same school as me
you're like what's what score did I get
not to give too much why did I get
through yeah and Joe got to and he
wasn't even playing the thing is I think
I've turned up I got 2 points but free
pizza rev it up another night after
anyone oh yeah let's have a glass of
wine each I'm being really quiet cuz
their fellow men oh they're not filming
yet are you filming now
I hope lemon X all gone wrong really
sorry wanders far away George is fired
in your chair has it seeped into the
material oh no my self very very very
good reason just like there's not not
not strong cos I kind of want to buy
these new copper chants transport you
anyway can you fall on the plane
well my McLeod shuttle with him or is
there like metal oh well it isn't the
new chair she wants might make loud shad
to be noise if he Fox there metal not
Joe just pardon your new Joe Joe and I
are upstairs just session Pokemon go I
hate it
no you don't fine you love it
the he loves it but he just always
catches the same pokémon performer I'm
showing this game I prefer the Gameboy
times bullied us all into playing some
game does anyone want to play this game
what is it Jim
me and you on a team man give me five
you know why heard about it a great
things if they ask us about dinosaurs
we've got this last night we watched
like a 10 or 15 minute by little video
no any questions I've done this one no
my friend I feel I guess I'm not asking
for money I think you're T you tired
missing in a long day yes
no I don't think they realize the Gemini
on actually playing neon green green can
I be pink time if you Expendables one
more time on a so bored come on hurry up
Tommy son can you do the next one boys
name oh I would hate to be you guys
right now
Oh a tree I my son's a brush well fine -
bash - ah captures mashed potatoes so we
got three wait sorry whatever Leon
pokemon go and you didn't even know his
name
no go Jim we got this on savage on Joe
they were so easy and his team just let
him down can I just say something guys
yeah it's the job of the opposite team
cuz we're not gonna be looking at our
time when we'll just keep going to you
by shouts stop yeah Peter what do we
shout stop okay so guess don't mess in
my video world awesome
why great um that so I stopped wait come
on guys nobody knows how you play this
but your knowing the rules
Tom we know now they've got Anna the big
giant hole in the ground in America
where people get like graduated
yes quarter Oh a little past your
allowed three passes occasions when you
make something good slope that's on a
likes correlations right yeah oh my gosh
it's a Greek island coffee time golfer
honey um if Darren brown does this any
put your magic hypnotize yes yeah if
you're gonna have if your yeah um I am
very tall observers I'm like a lanky a
lamppost it's like it's tree it's
leaking on a been close bean bean sprout
Jack finds one Beanstalk yes well done
um oh you're okay
uh he's married or French horse for
hauling his head
well done oh yes more summer fun fun
don't know what we're doing
exciting yes um what's this bone spine
no Batman
yes um um where they do football be
Stadium in London
Wembley yes uh thumbs up thumbs up um
something good like the secona Joe uses
like a photo shoot - there's an under
yeah and something that you walk neither
on leave fish fish heart is not really
color the boys in Holland I don't know
so Jim and I lost I'm blaming Jim
because he couldn't guess I got the one
I got one blue bottle and I said a
flower that's blue no it's in a flower
that has the name of a color and there's
something you drink Alvin we couldn't
guess yeah until I realized that that's
kind of jeez that's why Brian or flower
at all so we lost overall ty
Owens everyone how happy Jim we lost ten
out of ten that is over we do jimin's
are you've got a bit of their video left
to film and then where we're heading
back and all has been super social
flight to ours Jones just find out four
times on demand as well on demand but
elites minute that's MELAS she loves a
good fast-melting I blow Martha robust
oh you want some she does don't you
shall investigate with us off thank you
yeah thank you
Frankie yeah cool what's your foot in
the water bowl sadly it's time for us to
pack up all of our belongings everything
by this pack it all up
see you later guys tans already asleep
goodbye tea goodbye see you soon
why'd you see like my book see you later
Jimbo no you're saved in my phone does
Jim Boehner
I'm nothing by your outlook Am I
she lay a little one what you trying to
steal before we leave in none of that
still in you're not coming with us
sausage neither come on Missy where are
you
no you need to go to your bed
come on to your bed Nullah you need to
get to your bed
come on let's go to bed this way give
you Oh as in drop on us a spare one you
three little treats if you go to your
bed into bed
I feel bad let me give you another two
there any small here you go baby no
night gorgeous we just got home I'm
gonna head up to bed I need to take the
suitcase I'm a bag
I hope you've enjoyed the vlog if you
have give it a big ol thumbs up to let
me know let's see if we can smash how
many 29,000 thumbs up that's your
challenge for today give this video a
thumbs up down below go smash it go show
it some love 29,000 I love you guys so
much thank you for just following me
around it's gonna say for the last
couple of days but it's been the last
couple of years actually I've got a good
one
comment down below when you subscribe to
me comment down below how many
subscribers and be honest that don't
make it up comment down below how many
subscribers I had when you subscribe to
my youtube channel if you haven't
already it's never too late you can
subscribe right now button is down below
go press it but I want to see if any of
you have been subscribed to me since
I've had like 10,000 subscribers or
5,000 subscribers or 2,000 subscribers
I'm gonna go brush my teeth put in my
braces make a cold glass of water and
get into bed thanks again for following
around I love you guys and appreciate
everything you do for me more than you
can imagine
I'll catch ya in the morning good good
good good good good I'm saluting
goodnight yes but I want you to get your
bum against there push your bum against
it Jim
