look you stolen my hoodie that's pretty
good on you it's just really warm also I
know I have jumpers and hoodies but
yours are always better come on I'm
going to make us breakfast
and I said I'm going to make a real nice
breakfast I'm gonna go all out eggs
tomatoes beans
halloumi as the ones Coco Pops me I can
have well I'm cooking and then there's
gonna be a little bowl cook it goes for
a fee
thank you so much yeah you're the best
girlfriend ever
yes hey I made you that water last night
Oh made me yeah made me a just a
supporter last night you poured it you
fast asleep
hey yo Coco Pops see you later
I swear we have the sleepiest dog in the
entire world she just loves to sleep
look oh you're so cute hello are you
doing oh no someone's giving me the
creepy Bowl who was that Lupul he bought
the bowl not me no I think it's cool
okay I want to just put like a plant in
it so it's got a hairstyle oh yeah I
want to put like a big cat toy I'll get
you a coffee mug at the mall can you get
that man these guys have got their
proper delicious breakfast or nearly
finished I'm an upstairs on my laptop
I've got one bowl of Coco Pops
oh no I dropped my sausage rolls good
morning guys good morning how you doing
crazy starting today's vlog we're not at
home lose sofa coming up oh you just
nearly saw a picture comment down below
now whose house I'm at I want to see if
you guys know it's recently all been
done up and it looks in credible look at
this kitchen
throughout Tanya and Jim's house in
London we've got both the doggies here
you haven't been in one of my videos and
ages have you been I love your kitchen
us you're showing them and all the guide
deep the shelves are you drink coffee
don't you yeah I'll make you an espresso
really that's so cool
let's meet your myspace a are you having
recently I've had a few when I first got
this I was like fuck no I love it though
okay what'd she make it
what's happening down here we got some
kissing going on your mouth trying to
get it once or anything oh right so
you've come away for a couple of days
all of today we're staying tonight and
all of tomorrow we've got friends
staying in our house looking after and
everything I love your fridge actually
do you know what if you actually had
your jaw Oh Jim horrible boy horrible
husband a minute ago you can play
frisbee loud do you have a frisbee first
real indication are you saying this is
the most random start to my blog and you
have to have enough
Jim what's going on Hank frisbee with a
bottle of that yeah guys let me play
frisbee of T nollie well but don't
guarantee this your drop out so is it
the door things are gonna be getting
weird gonna get crazy that is a prime
example where are we going tonight for
my time you just ever go somewhere
exciting huh when now oh we go now no
way let me zoom in on Tom's face
when I was eating one of these sausage
rolls it literally was so disgusting
there through half of it away but
because I watch your video already knew
where your bin was and you know you get
young so I came straight here yeah Zoey
loved it we've got a chase going down
they've gone bananas me now if you're
trying to do some work Ashley Jim stayed
at home I think it's because he was so
scared of Tania's drive any we popped
out to a ice-cream parlor boy am i
reading a Marino amore no not amorini
made that one up amory know they do
macaroon as well as ice cream it looks
so good
look at these do he's just strolling
over a scream
that's not very nice is it
did it take you long to learn how to do
this thank you so much oh my gosh that
is crazy
I don't want to try out I don't want to
ruin the shape this looks amazing
this is like a piece of art thank you so
much this is too big I literally don't
know how I'm going to eat all of this
it's Jim gonna kill us if I trip this in
his car I'm sorry Jim in advance look so
he's already dripped on my t-shirt looks
like a little pull me Jimbo you're alive
was narlikar do you're alive what's
going on in here oh look at that fancy
controller was it real gold yeah yeah
you would have been bawling and
pronounce the G Oh Jeff sleep ballin
ballin ballin ton what you doing coming
in Tom walk across here oh my god the
kitchen I'm on the roof yeah go with
them let's get a corner eat start I'll
wait
Kim I think just copy in your son you're
Ruth hole they copy in it your life is
goings of if anyone can walk across it
is you
yeah why don't we lay you down flat and
then I'll go inside and you'll be I'll
go inside you'll be worried yeah Jim oh
look it's serious if this broke it's not
worth it come on right dog give me my
bat we doing we're looking through I'm
on the roof I guess bum out get your bum
against there push your bum against it
Jim put your bum against it get your
genitals out it's wrong with your on Tom
put your bomb without Jim's getting in
and scram over there with Zoe
darlin I climb back inside Tom Tania I
know my feet are so dirty you're gonna
have to calm down mate and lucky well if
he hurts himself now I'd hate for it to
be my fault but I have just locked about
wait oh I tried it so much we Oh
serves me right for locking you out
there's someone watching in the other
window I listen to wash my hand now
covered in roof dunk yeah let's get you
down Erwin I'm still missing one sock
because I taught in the dog way it's
about half an hour no I left it in the
garden instead oh you do fuck it's
better than just leave it in the garden
now the dogs can play with it I'll be
done all right anyways we're about to
play game I want it
ah just shinned up bar under your table
I'm just gonna plug you it's them on
signed one of them thanks ton
they gave it away in the vlog you went
on signature we're about to play a game
called hot seat I brought it with me
today the company sent it to me I didn't
have a clue what it was though it's got
a baby I'll go between both cameras
basically I'm not going to explain too
much happened again because I want to go
on a main Channel video with these guys
I think we're gonna shoot that tomorrow
it is right
it's basically a ridiculously funny
looking game we're gonna test play it
now just with a small selection of the
cards rather than all of the cards
if we find hilarious and full of bamboo
tackle and a bit of tea like on
hilarious then then we're gonna make it
into a main Channel video or now Jim's
also filming me filled up yeah we start
again we start games I'm just so not
bored of are you getting absolutely
useless right nice and it's true we're
all getting nowhere these rules where
they can out pickle um what's more I'm
gonna explain Dan anything with bat play
game it's gonna be fun and I'm gonna
just you know the main Channel video if
you're excited the game you know see and
basically there's rules in bold and now
i'm mmm video right so the results of
that game is Tom got three Jim got one
Zoe got three and Alfie got three did
you actually enjoy that I did you want
to read my last answer no no thank you
I'm gonna have to flip it all not
appropriate for for the vlog Zoe did you
enjoy the game died yeah okay my last
answer that these guys score two points
from was Zoe punch-out faithful for
through skylight and if you want to see
more like that then we're gonna be
filming a main Channel video version so
get excited
hello don't you like require like your
fucking name bar you don't you go he's
shut go on their website
oh my god no website and see if it has
open in times family don't the place
could be closed it's always it go go go
is the place solely know each other God
use I originally got obsessed with
having honey or indestructible Oh
goat sorry originally got obsessed with
honey on her pizza because of this place
that they sell goes often if this all
goes what if we order over the phone
then we come and pick it up you
understand both of us do you how you
doing coming them knowledge you were
Pokemon husband with me
good girl baby I wouldn't catch you now
go on Jim
go on I won't film away or you I won't
come on Jim wait a legend would come on
Jim's just told me that if he's taking
not a dollar that would be strange if
he's taken more out for we in the garden
and he also needs the toilet
he just weaves in the garden I've told
everyone hi G we in the garden tell
everyone you're we in the guard over if
I'm wave if monsters out there it's just
before bed I need away and she needs
away in a waiver her to go I'll just go
as well oh my god it's like it's not
know are those well everyone knows now
don't judge me
everyone knows now not everyone your
free throws if you look if you live near
Jim late at night look into his garden
and you my tears really out weird you to
being a Gauss I'm so jealous that Martha
was so chilled off the lead Nala would
just chase off to every dog ever and of
course we are playing Pokemon girl we
just got back from the doggy walking all
our foods here I'm so jealous we
addressing guarantee I need to go to the
car I've got track bottoms in the car
yeah my Bolognese is here yeah this
looks amazing
oh then you remember the last time we
filmed it's currently half past 11:00 at
night the girls are gone up to bed I
think they're both asleep Jim and I are
watching a YouTube video about dinosaurs
the history of life a brief history of
life dinosaur time 12 times more
terrifying because it's incredibly
Lavery I don't know what's going on so
Jim films all of his daily videos on
this phone here which is the Samsung s7
edge now as you guys know when I was in
New York
Samsung gave me just randomly as a
present the Samsung s7 which i think is
basically to say in yes sir ah splash
the edge bit I don't mean the cameras
only worse though is that same thing
just different body okay so the same
thing he films all of his videos instead
of on a camera like this which is super
annoying to carry around you guys know I
buy new cameras all the time trying to
find the perfect one which is small but
good quality he films on this well flash
- I just don't know that and it's
amazing quality I love it because it's
really good and it's super slim it's a
super small super wide angle and I bet
out of bed about to life than using this
yeah I've been familiar every day it
never goes below 60% and I pay for a
commander to do so when I get home which
moon
you can't copy so when they get home I'm
gonna mess you cannot excite I'm
actually copyright in it you can try
this no no other you guys noticed and
use the camera Oh everyone has to use
these yeah I really want to do it
why do wait they put you there I might
have the phone in my bag we're there
please please please please
I took it out when I was leaving when I
was packing earlier to come here I took
it out cause like now that's just going
to be too heavy for some reason in
yesterday's video and so many of your
comment end trust me when there's a
Fault in the camera and like in
yesterday's video there was a red mark
on the screen and a black mark on the
screen still might be there too
I don't know I couldn't see it when I
was filming and then when I said in the
footage there was like so it was so
messed up like so so blurry in Sony
people commenting someone even commented
saying I was wiping my screen clean
because I thought my screen was dirty
but it's just Happy's camera it's not
dirty
these Canon cameras break all the time
this is my fifth one in like nine weeks
and that's so it really means g7 some of
that this is g7 smart too since this one
came out this is much evil even my
fourth of my fifth I got this one fixed
eh this is my fourth why because what
happened well so I do use the new phone
spy issues different camera every time I
get a new camera I didn't want yeah but
what else is good better than this
that's this tank isn't it he doesn't
carry around you this run you know what
you put your eyes you know we carry an
iPhone stead of a laptop your laptop ID
with your cameras massive Oh
Jim just bullies me for have an 11 inch
laptop 13 it's amazing this is always
but it's the same one I can list you fit
in my pocket
yeah that's why I love it just heading
out oh yeah it's ridiculous Jim uses
like a 42 inch hey let me know normal
the long Jim is posting the worst
picture of me in the world oh no I need
a way because I'm about to wet myself
I'm also wanted out to bed only put my
braces in a bit this little ones are
sleep over here cute she is no no good
night Jimbo catching them on him I need
to do my teeth
put my braces in and go to bed it's time
to go to bed guys everyone else is
asleep aside from Jimmy's just I turn
off the lights and everything it's been
such a chill day it's been such a fun
day just taking the dogs are from
multiple walks playing Pokemon with Jim
in the park going to get in lunch going
getting ice cream playing games and just
relaxing this book could have been any
more different than Wyland yesterday
when we were like a water park doing
extreme sports and jet skiing and banana
rides and I love how we can just have
chilled days and crazy days and we all
still stick together and watch
everything it means so much to me so
thank you for watching today tomorrow is
going to be another fun amazing day
we've got a lot of stuff plants are
catch in the morning
give the video a thumbs up if you
enjoyed it go check out yesterday's
video if you have an ollie link down
below subscribe if you're new around
here and I'll catch you tomorrow I'm
going to go to bed good night good night
good night yeah yeah
