oh my god good morning guys good morning
now I warned you something exciting was
happening today and I do not lie I do
not lie to you guys I'm currently in a
wetsuit
we drove this morning two hours away
literally two hours Calum and Sarah go
on a trip there's a ton of us here let
me quickly go around Kalam's on the
phone over there everyone else is over
here we've got Shaunie we got mark that
Zoe Sarah poppy and and Callum and we've
basically come out to a watersports
place it's called action watersports
took hold in UK we basically come here
to do tons of watersports so we've got a
massive banana boat here we've got jet
skis out here look at the size of the
lake I've got my drone with me I've got
a new GoPro we've got we've got fly
boards here you know the thing that you
stand on and like boost you up in the
air let me go in here there's a picture
this is what we're gonna try and do
today let you know this thing this
that's going to be me later on
I mean maybe probably this one maybe
this one so today we just come out have
a load of fun have a day off
give it you're gonna be good look at it
that's the flyboard yeah gotta know I'm
I don't know whether I'm more excited to
do it myself or whether to watch ants do
it I think watching answer is probably
gonna be the best thing of the day could
it be giving you're gonna be good you
are yes it was good wait have you tried
the segways in my office you know the
little ones No
we need to try that we need to try that
so they've got the Banana Boat they've
got stand-up paddleboards over there I
bought I blow up two seater kayak here
it's gonna be fun it's going to be a fun
day
don't put the life jacket on try that
one for me Callum so excited
Callum so excited are you gonna be good
at this one the flyboard I'm gonna be so
bad pretty late okay just put on a hat
or helmet and I'm just put on some shoes
as well this shoe has clearly been in
the water today there is like ferg like
that there's water going everywhere
everyone's getting suited and booted is
there you ready
no they got a little fire one for us to
keep us a warm
that's so cute where's the doggy oh we
should have brought Nala Hey no love ah
tricked you good
Zoey's never been on a jet ski before he
got that blows my mind it's up to you
last time a winner won she wanted such a
sharp turn I tripped lying off the back
the jet skis are great fun but they do
do 50 miles an hour
price see you later on come on papi okay
Oh watch out I jumped on point of those
theories out there
don't jump on that's fine come on hello
multi-time put your right foot
night
yo this is scary though MIDI control
yeah
yeah I got like a short
Shawn's just gone out of ang how was
that and he's scared we've done with a
jet ski in that was so much fun that
there's so much i nip here than what I
thought like and yet remember on a lake
as well so if we went out in the sea
that you'd like hit all the waves here
it's just flat straight so you can get
so much speed so much fun because it
good but it started raining then there
yeah I was obviously a fan of Clancy and
I was going so far I was always in the
bloomin shower getting some hot water on
there how he's doing the good thing
Oh apparently I'm gonna try and die
huh are we gonna die
that was so sick that was so much fun
Sara's going out now Cullen's going out
sure and how was that
good hard so hard slammed on the hose
when it was so sensitive isn't it
yes like it I do man it's awesome Callum
bro look at that sexy pose and just
killing it oh the lenses are wet I don't
know anyways I hope you guys are
enjoying this video so far I knew that
you guys would enjoy today it is a lot
of fun Sarah killed it you smashed it oh
my gosh we're getting the Banana Boat
out have you done this before no no no
I've never done this so you guys doing
it you're not gonna do it are you guys
doing it I mean I've never done one
nothing
what is your child twister that's sick
filming does so good yeah count you can
be camera woman poppy somehow managed to
avoid getting on the banana or you guys
Zoe you don't have to you two are
getting on that banana you're gonna see
how fast it no you're gonna see how fast
it is and then not get on
I want to get in here now and I get in
here with you now there's not enough
seats Mark's not scared of this at all
how's your hair still look good in that
so I'm serious look at me I look like an
egg we're gonna get this guy out bye
guys
good luck
Oh
and lean forward and hold on to time to
get changed
that was over that was so good I have no
idea who filmed what I'm going to try
and just get everyone's footage make the
vlog as well in this we've got to get
change and leave the driver that drove
us here because we had to come in two
cars needs to leave now so I need to get
dressed as quickly and thank you so much
thank you see you later
we're back home we beat the other car
buy so much I think it's because they
stopped drop to go and get and
McDonald's which was not the plan sarin
Kalam decided to come back so that we
could all have dinner together order a
takeaway put some pajamas on and just
relax they've decided to go to
McDonald's so they're now half now
behind us were eating cereal some we're
about to order a team of looks what love
looks will have a half an hour left I'm
about to order some food now all right
for some reason deliver a move like
block to Zoe and I like Zoe knows -
always oh we're about to dis yeah
for some reason delivery blocked or
address from an empty order stuff have
no idea why we tried Sarah's account and
her bank card Mike out my bank card your
account in your bank no your bank card
Callens account comes back hard I'm
sorry short like it's been like an hour
of us trying to order some food hasn't
worked so we so we've ordered pizza
specially she's gonna go pick it up so
much easier why didn't we do that an
hour ago it's a pizza pizza these are
the sides look how cool these little
like bags are and just carry em that's
amazing thank you so much thank you see
you later guys see ya we've just been
watching through all of the footage from
today and absolutely dying with laughter
on that like what was it called like a
chariot yeah so it's like the thing with
the two seats that are like sitting down
in the two people kneeling behind just
cry laughter everybody falling off and
and hanging on for dear life
oh my gosh kind of a so just left
I don't even peeks was a good idea
unlike I sell the bed I feel soulful up
and tired and the time is like what's
the time
I'll past eight or 20 past 8:00 and I
feel like I could just sleep those
cameras a 6 or a normal GoPro is like
300 pounds maybe 350 pounds these are
160 pounds they're waterproof so you
don't need to pay extra for a Casey that
that is waterproof the audio is amazing
like has an ax microphone built-in so
good you guys thinking to getting a
GoPro get going for one of these and
then we also paid I think it was 16 or
17 pounds extra for a little like strap
but it's like a special strap because
got like a quick-release yes it's this
brandable PD I don't know what it stands
for it's so good not basically
knobby that is not puppies left and yeah
I just meant that at any time if we were
like gonna drop it in the water if we
drop it it just hangs from my wrist so
very very wire thick you don't want to
be losing it did you hear them they were
saying the amount of like phones and
they even have like lost in the water
and jewelry and they even said we've
even got Rolex in there somewhere
somebody lost
imagine losing your Rolex in the water
I'd be like give me some snow causing
the with a fine nap see you later guys
whenever I say goodbye people I'm never
the one saying goodbye bye
like okey you are thank you oh you make
her look at that you see in the morning
man she put you to bed Missy oh you're
gonna give me a massage in bed you can
give me a massage in bed no he went home
to get bed kill mom
come on gorgeous sharp it not it's bed
missing you need to go in your bed then
I seen the morning just be an odd bird
turnin on a little alliance checking all
the doors locked and everything all
right guys I'm now all tucked up into
bed it is super super late like it has
been such a long is ten minutes past
twelve I'm so exhausted thank you so
much for following me around today I
hope you enjoyed the vlog it took so
much planning with Angela to be able to
make today possible to make sure that
everybody was free on the same day to
make sure that we could book out the
entire lake from nine o'clock until
three o'clock so that we could film and
everything that's so much fun like this
so so goods if you did enjoy get the
video big old thumbs up if there's any
other activities you would love us to do
comment them down below let me know how
you do and let me know what you've been
up to today subscribe if you haven't
already and let's try and hit 33,000
thumbs up on this video that's your
challenge go down below give the video a
thumbs up I'll catch you tomorrow
morning
oh we've got really exciting day
tomorrow
sorry she's asleep I'll catch you
tomorrow good night seventy layers down
this is 70 layers ninety oh my gosh I
literally look like an extreme Miranda
sings we're getting there
