see you later have fun today bye little
one haha
doo-doo-doo doo dee doo dee lean back
lean back that's so good
good morning guys good morning and
welcome back to another daily vlog here
on this channel this morning we're
literally cooking up a storm
Oh Angie's anyway look at this healthy
oh my gosh it is lunch time everybody I
haven't really feel much this morning
because I've been busy
I've been busy packaging up this box
here this box here with ant which is
full of 800 signed PB merch posters for
you guys if you've ordered one your
posters literally in there in my office
and it's about to come to your house so
get excited all the time posters are
arriving soon if you have an audio add
one link is down below just exporting
the new daily vlog at the moment as I'm
speaking Jay and Holly were here but I
needed to edit the daily vlog so those
two have gone for breakfast and I
believe that they're going shopping now
as soon as my vlog is done and it's
uploaded I'm gonna go join them and we
can have a fun day yeah just getting all
of the stuff already and um at the
office ranch some water just arrived as
well we got all the new water so we've
got four new big old things of water how
are you doing hope you guys are having a
lovely day we've got a super exciting
day planned for tomorrow it's going to
be crazy
you're excited and are you gonna do I'm
not telling them what I'm doing you're
gonna do everything yeah yeah yeah I be
tomorrow there's gonna be me and puppy
Sean Zoe
mark Callum and Sarah all go in
somewhere and doing something ridiculous
that ang and I have booked
man you guys are going to Bremen love
the vlogs you're just going to love them
so get rid of any excited and just spent
all morning
sorting out and making it possible one
stuff so it's going to be good I also
need to carry on setting up there I've
done more or less all of it but I just
need to do some finishing touches to it
and then the laptop is completely ready
to start filming and editing and
everything for Sims it's a good day the
way there is slightly clearing up it's
not that great it's super cloudy it's
quite nice and bright and warm but just
super super cloudy so hopefully the Sun
will break through that as well
yesterday's vlog guys can we take a
moment to talk about it not only did you
finally get the sauce box which you guys
were waiting for for literally a month
now but you also got an insight into a
karaoke evening than me Holly and Jay
and I think Holly he was just bloomin
amazing she is amazing isn't she singing
so I hope you enjoyed that done before
the vlog in done with all the uploading
and everything the vlog is ready for
tonight
now just heading up to go and meet Trey
and Holly to grab a coffee and then just
see what happens today you know I think
that's the best way to have fun is to
just have no expectation no plans meet
up with friends see what happens that is
one lovely skirt it's like
no actually like that guys we need your
help will this skirt naturally go back
to this kind of like pattern or it's
probably going to put it in the washing
machine and gonna have to iron in these
lines can somebody comment down below
you can
you can still haven't told you guys what
we're doing tomorrow but I do need a new
GoPro for app and then ah they've got it
taped to the wall need to get it
unlocked before I buy it
I don't know you're laughing look at you
look at yourself oh my god haha just
bought myself a GoPro session as well as
Sean a GoPro session ready for tomorrow
what's the plan whole dog know what's
the long-term plan today your ambition
money's yours to get this tattoo
Hey and a week on I'm not letting you
get a tattoo hi paulie's decided today
that she wants to get a tattoo of a
dolphin on is it your foot or ankle a
dolphin on an ankle why would you like
them that's a good enough reason when
he's got lucky
Bailey's got a stickman tattooed on her
ribs here this she feature yourself in
she dress now where were you
hey lager a dolphin with sunglasses on
but she also wants to get another or
multiple stickman next to her Koren
stickmen why don't you get and that
stickman riding a dolphin best idea I
think you should get it
sure we go again let's get it right now
no you're not getting it right holy you
car I'm not letting you know wanna you
don't listen I will pay for your tattoo
if you also get to us
hey I do it can be your inner Polly
signing some viewers t-shirt for them
it's a stickman playing hockey this is
the same as her tattoo say hi to your
friend if you want we wanted to go play
crazy gold but unfortunately it's just
started raining and the grades of golf
that we wanted to go to is outside so I
think we're gonna we've got both our
cars here cuz obviously last night if
you saw the vlog we end up having a few
cocktails so we both left our cars in
the car park and decided to come back
and get them today
oh but right near each other I'm gonna
party over there oh I see how it is I
see how it is Jay's going to go and get
in Holly's car so now I'm going by
myself
let's go don't worry don't worry about
me keep on doing that just went to get
the passenger seat I Drive now Oh drop
together I've been bowling so many times
recently in my videos
I can never save a color I'm sure you
guys are aware of this but je is very
very competitive doesn't like to lose
and think she's very good at bowling
so our challenges to both beat him don't
even try it
just be older I did I win oh I didn't
even notice he will be so annoyed that's
the end final scores Jay got 92 a holy a
hundred and two and me one to eight
game number 2 J got 79 I got only got 90
I won Jim 13 didn't help anything
boys NJ I think a second time at these
by the scores for the last final game J
86 Holly 65 lb 109
this is just hit the jackpot 1,500
guys insane you're gonna be there while
oh my god yeah I want it I'm so happy
yo check it out
he said knowledge gonna love it this is
one
shut up Jay I just got one too oh my god
Jay how many of you was here's my two
new friends
Jay let's see yours Oh being serious
though I only spent four pounds and I
got two that's not bad is it
holy hour happier yay oh why cause the
rain your grumpy Holly you're on viale
I'm so happy right now
we even got cheese fondue and calamari I
love your jumper so I'm just bumped into
Rachel who's from Island who's come over
three times trying to meet me hasn't
managed to the first two but finally has
eyes she's wearing my jumper and my
phone case as well down there as well in
the pocket you having a good day you
having a good time good time good good
good
it's lovely to meet you Holly's now got
2,000 Instagram followers and what's
just happened they asked for a picture
they knew her name goodbye just about to
get my cover these guys don't ever come
run them Hey all right I'm going to turn
the cam around I'm gonna turn this
around you guys can take a screenshot
you ready there we go see you later
have a lovely evening hey baby hey hey
come on slit I just saw you at me
asshole did they go up your ASL it cuts
my hair so let me see yeah yeah wait
take off heavys oh okay I just saw what
is squish it so bad it is time
to have some fun tons of people recently
have been doing the was it called the
100 layer of liquid lip stick a keeper
say lip gloss he's always getting angry
liquid lipstick we're about to do the
challenge we always wanted to it in this
vlog just have some fun Zoe has an
obscene amount of liquid lipsticks this
is her draw and they are fluffy she's
picking some of them I definitely want
to get all Kylie in there I want the
Kylie lip gloss one because that's what
everyone seems going all about the
liquid lipstick healthy so oh here we go
let me see fancy got the Kylie here
super rare to get you have to get these
online and then the gone in a second
layer one this is gonna be a killer to
edit I don't think I heard this on
before
no looking eyelashes I okay lay one done
who's gonna keep you need to keep track
healthy Wow to look good yeah
oh no wait let me come around the lot no
what is this let me come on do it one
layer two and you've already like if I
was doing it round the wrong way this is
12 everybody another 88 to go oh my gosh
let's go speaking it looks like my mouth
it looks like my mouth is like wonky or
something this is crazy right we've done
oh no not them all over we've done 17
layers that it doesn't look that big you
know if it is the right shape I mean it
looks okay time for number 25 oh my gosh
you're doing well this is taking so long
if you feel like doing this challenge
don't do it this is taking so long
or number 33 whoa guys were halfway
we are halfway through the 100 callenge
do so well I thought I'd given up it's
been nearly two hours like 70 layers
down this is 70 layers 90 oh my gosh I
literally look like an extreme
mirandasings we get in there not 100
we've done 99 this is the last one what
are you doing behind me yeah here we go
this one tastes so good it's gonna be
even better taking it off yeah taking
this off it's gonna be nuts flood order
oh my gosh right so we're done yay I
think we are done all right time to
drive the lost earth
what lump on my tongue the 100 layers is
complete it looks absolutely disgusting
like look how flaky it is it's so solid
100 layers never ever try this at home
everybody it's not worth it it took
nearly three hours and it looks like
this the bit that you've all been
waiting for
Oh oh look at that that's literally like
that is disgusting I'm gonna go do the
rest in the bathroom because this is
literally not good never ever try this
anybody is not right there
I'm littering wet wipes if my lips are
red for the next week you know why you
don't need to comment here and we're
finally all done I think it is more or
less off of my lips now like still tiny
bit pink whoa
okay I was gonna say that was fun but I
don't if it actually was because it took
like three hours I'm glad I've done it
to say I've done it and it's gross that
I'm never gonna do it again how they
feel they're back to normal
good night farewell Mark Scott fairly
average sides back today actually is
that your only bag you have no this is
as I said tomorrow we've got a crazy
crazy exciting day by the time you're
watching this you would have seen on my
snapchat my Instagram my Twitter and
everything going mad because we've got
the most fun day planned ever to make
the vlog really good tomorrow I'm
charging up all of my drone stuff now
and then over here I'm charging up my
speaker
I bought two new GoPros today one for me
and one for Sean that I'm charging up
charging up a ton of batteries for this
vlogging camera and then I've got some
extra stuff packed in there that's going
to make the videos really really good
alright guys I'm all tucked up in bed I
don't even know if you can see can you
see me at all I have no idea
thank you so much for following around
today joining me with my day and hope
you've enjoyed it hope you enjoyed the
challenge my braces are in saw some
little bit this be
the challenge the job I hope you enjoyed
the challenge that we did tonight even
though it took three hours to do I
honestly thought it was going to take
like half an hour or something to give
the video they got a thumbs up
committing I so nearly how many times
did I say juice away can I do the 50
layer chatter and Zoey was like no it's
a hundred layers I was like please it's
taking so long
gonna take like ten minutes it took like
two hours I didn't realize you have to
wait for each layer to dry and that's
obviously why I had the head or in my on
my mouth to help me dry them anyways it
was I think it was as long as these guys
let if you guys think it's worth it give
the video a thumbs up and I just don't
understand that challenge
I don't really know the point of it a
set form it just feeling and looking
gross like who came up with that like oh
I'm gonna put a hundred layers on my
face of like this lipstick on I've no
idea what is really impressive though
now I'm not a - I doubt it awful day
yeah we take so long for you to do that
but it looks so weird
no it looks like a big bubble anyways
anyways I'm gonna end up guys how
excited you for tomorrow I still haven't
told them what we're doing I'm just as
excited about like the road trip yeah
there was a two-hour drive to get to the
desk anyways I'll catch you guys bright
and early tomorrow morning and yeah I
love you so much
good Oh subscribe if you haven't already
subscribe down below
goodnight goodnight goodnight you know
the problem is is that if things don't
have like preservatives then or like
