good morning guys good morning how you
doin
welcome back to another daily vlog today
we are off to the park my cars working
fingers crossed still working you
excited for today I'm very excited I'm
very excited today it's a lovely day let
me let me quickly do a weather check
with you on our board brand new pack of
chewing gums yesterday time for the
weather check don't don't dawn look at
that it's blooming beautiful my entire
family literally my entire family for my
grandpa I denied a lot of my family is
at the park are we having a picnic going
in there we don't really know what's
happening we're just meeting like tons
of my family at the park
we're not going to be there too long we
both got videos to be working on to get
up tonight let's go have some fun
look at this food that mum and probably
it made Zoey not eaten with the banana
cake come on myself a dog
it's GG hey chichi I don't know it's
nice what being Shores new GG I made
that joke you're my dog
Oh pop here you go leads come in he
finished as in lose like you're not
writing any hahaha he's stolen the
sausage oh my gosh that was so lovely
that was so relaxed today I didn't
really film too much because I just
wanted to spend time trillium in the
family it turns out all good it turns
out that I hadn't seen those cousins of
mine but actually my dad's cousins so
they're my second cousins since 7 years
ago seven years ago and they've got
between the three boys they've got three
little ones as well so I'd never ever
met any of those before the cutest
babies ever and then I think tonight I
might be going to hang out with Polly
and Jay not reassuring you'll soon know
me aren't yes so just go and see what
happens
you got your wallet
time to unpack all of the goodies we
bought gaps and managed to and guessing
us for the guineas it's time to put the
den down this is sad right this was so
much fun but now we have to we have to
say goodbye to our amazing den I kind of
don't want to put the den down I really
like this slope is so cozy I love your
shoes they're not really small oh no no
Emmys here as you seen that we haven't
done this because if I do it I want to
give yeah these guys will kill me oh my
god we should have dumped up with my own
age we can do the organ so we have time
why don't we spritz the pub record bring
it to the pub yeah and just eat this
instead they're like oh you can't bring
your own food yeah guys we've come to
the dyke pub and kitchen for some food
Shawn's super excited popular as well no
Mia's here as well but I'm fortunate I
just ate in lasagne like an hour ago so
I'm completely full up do not I might
get
yeah yeah Marmite fries that's what we
need
thank you so much
the other day I was telling you guys
about this Marmite chip business here in
the dike and it is incredible at knowing
we try one of those everyone said they
sound discussed how good is it but you
have to like Marmite obviously yeah it's
so good doesn't this look like something
from Harry Potter guys whenever I coming
in I always look at it see you later I'm
about to be killed by chain Holly you
are meant to be going to meeting but no
me has just said that she's not gonna be
friends with me any longer if I don't do
the sauce no yet they were why if I
don't like getting like the products
noemi's i I chose that I put that one in
there and I'm like it's really good are
we gonna test with you know the law with
the carries in there oh yeah yeah what
was the one that were shows that was
from Australia exactly that's the one
yes really
Michelle was like loving that are we
actually gonna do this now you guys been
waiting for this for so long
okay I'm gonna have to build a quick
quick tripod i buy this yeah are we
ready wait this is the if isn't you're
lucky this is the old boss Charlie for
me because I've already demolished a
whole box of it by myself and we haven't
like legit have not openness you doing
I'm saving every night August 1 see I'm
sorry cuz it always get an email that
says your August box do we read for this
short let's put that down
and that should take one by one yeah and
then say with rights for starting off do
you want to say what it is yeah these
are chocolate for knows I'm a bit much
them you know like how could actually
said you say that's Mari oh do you could
it yeah yeah I reach my Samar erased it
so it with Chile
these are actual soya beans and they've
embraced it on this
delicious you know soya it's normally
like tofu and soy milk and it's like not
many people like it but there is so much
variety
this is like the actual this is gonna
get me head in the gym does it taste
like around like what is it
it's like cross between a nuts and seeds
whoa that is quite a smart mighty
tomorrow yeah so tamari is like a soy
sauce but it's gluten-free do you know
how much I love soy sauce no I'm
obsessed as good as now I love these is
it bad yeah so so listen no softballs
oven-roasted row 3 and time pitcher chip
do you like bravery and joining me too I
don't know if I do maybe did one thing I
think it's bad what I was like I love
really I do know and this is all good PA
oh my god I love these they're so you
know something you know imagine knows it
for us so good mmm no I'd really like
that
hmm you know sometimes when you get
practice and stuff they just don't taste
of anything
Rosy's you could just totally have on
the room sparkling energy water let
alone
does it have caffeine enough so with
this one you are God has any caffeine
it's like a real natural energizer so
access or I need this in the morning
yeah sorry fun of caffeine oh yeah of
course and it's just so much better for
you because it's basically sparkling
water with lemon and I got first okay
chin up hmm so I say it's not what they
did that much sorry dreams having a
module there's not even any family - no
no sugar no caffeine whoo - but you're
feeling really down low
a flavored it tastes like setup in water
yeah just not a sweet mmm yeah it
doesn't it's not me yes I'm always busy
I love that I love that I normally get
trapped wind or fizzy drinks and it's
never a good day good evening never fun
which is re-enforcing away Oh Eileen
massage my tummy
oh right there and I like the mix do
that see 10 minutes later she's just
like well why Greece and we were like
been weird with beds I think oh my god a
Minu rubbing mice mice are weird like
favors well okay let's just make it both
of you far nobody talks about having
trouble sighs the thing that was from
the flight that I think it was I've got
a good question what is activated mean I
see activating dehydrate an awful lot so
activated these activated crackers yes
that would be the nuts or seeds that are
made from or soaked in water and it just
releases any to inter makes it so much
more easily digestible for you because
if you think about it when he eats raw
not it then has to be digested in your
stomach so it's basically like you're
doing that before each and it just makes
the nutrients so much more digestible
weeks it's better
there's obviously nothing wrong with
eating normal nuts and seeds yeah Shea
suggested it's even better okay I'm good
yo yo okay let's try this
I like it like that
my tongue is really spicy these are
amazing
yeah let's go for that be happy no yes
he sees our so delicious oh I love what
they look like you look like a potato
crisps hmm
baby uh-huh yes i refresh a Vulcan on
evening they're joined this job very
like flavorsome yeah oh these are Tiger
nuts hi gonna be I for there a minute
chuckling ourselves by your Oh they've
got raw cacao on them so like a kind of
chocolate treats sure really
this is the living food kitchen a
flapjack on me and say love like that
this is white rice I think you'll like
this one
what's in this this is like a coconut
one I love this mm-hmm
I could definitely show me so excite me
this to show you so you don't need to
have it pumped full of loads after fish
your flavors color sugar like this is
all natural ingredients and it tastes
exactly the same exactly what we got for
um we're gonna get through the menu hey
forget yeah nice rhythm gonna wait cheer
wore all the packaging is so neat look
at that nalu's literally sat down here
just waiting for anything to drop on the
floor so that she can enter she wishes a
horse radish a little bit in the middle
mmm lemon yeah Rahman lemon and ginger
oh my Bob you like dog ginger tea but
how do they do that
I know it's insane right the ingredients
are so simple which one do we go for
this is really good fruit I'm baack I
like the packaging that's what I mean oh
it's so cool it's really cool and this
is a chocolate orange flavor so exciting
this is so good this looks really good
no she's like tearing up all the crumbs
oh my gosh all good it's only got five
ingredients as sunnat um how is my
favorite then check off stupid question
but how does it stay fresh for as long
you know what the problem is is that if
things don't have like preservatives in
or like but how do they don't know use
them yeah and the shelf life isn't going
to be
on these cumin seeds as like it is
normal supermarket stuff that's probably
on the Shelf of not months yeah yeah but
I think when it's airtight then it's
fine it's fine it's as soon as you open
it but then it's like two or three days
I think I'm really like much but
manufacturing
why not Miami you don't make a big salad
don't good back to kitchen hey Mike what
is that you made all of this is this
comp or nothing the Trini Oh God the
free that the pigeons it's him mm-hmm I
actually have a stalker pigeon yeah
that's what I mean
Peter I named him pigeon told Peter oh
yeah
I mean it's not the nice nope something
like that otoscope Peter boom came full
isn't that my song yeah way Peter my way
full coming back music no one back 5
green mussels 15 you better hold your
baby for sure long game Peter oh wow oh
yeah we always pick up paper
hey everyone pick up their favor oh um I
like eat soon
my ingesting that we've all gone for
different yeah that's really good yeah
what's this little bit it's a little tea
cake
it would tea biscuit we finally did
Saucebox it took source tops themselves
come into the house going on what we
hand delivering the August boxing yeah
how I do it every single pound Garrett
Changez nether often when you deliver
these guys just don't realize it's you I
know miss you kinda like I dismiss you
get around the whole of the world and
one day don't be just dresses up as
somebody else delivers yolks guys as a
postman put you on a bike
no I'm she starts to get okay she can
just yeah my chance oh my god know what
I might mary poppins of my bag it's just
how much if you see me around the
speakers you're just gonna leave ya my
friends friends finally come out my two
best friends
we got holy here are we good j here ever
taught beautiful i was basically like
two hours late for these guys maybe even
more no I was ready I was actually ready
for I was ready at 4:00 and che wasn't
ready till 7:00 I was a few hours late
I'm the worst friend ever I take that on
the chin and the mitt that but we're now
here we're going to hatch oh we need to
go down this little creepy alley we are
now all together we've just booked and
it sounds random and it is as random as
it interesting so I got out of the car
parked in the car park and we've just
booked to go literally shadow on my face
we've just booked to go to a karaoke
like in your cameo key run so there's
like a private room with two microphones
over 9,000 songs for us three to just
like sing along to and have some fun
Polly how excited ei J how excited so J
is like me and doesn't like to sing out
loud or they chain you bro you're not
bad at singing but I get shot you like
this is making me anxious yeah but you
guys making me do this but you can sing
okay
Jay can sing I can't sing and I don't
ever sing in front of anybody you guys
have heard me sing and they use your boy
baton stuff it's a hand down it's going
to be ready in 24 minutes so whilst we
wait for it to be ready
we're just nipping out to go to
and arcade just to play some games and
some whathe making the room ready more
join Holly you want Dory I got all we
need Horry
I was a practice
just testing you
right so we've just come to the karaoke
place this looks awesome
amazing
oh we've even got props thank you so
much
we've basically got this entire karaoke
room just to us three we got loads our
guys we need to dress up and stuff what
is this oh my gosh yes I'm going to
leave my car here overnight
so I can have a couple of cocktails I've
got you back here just where I put my
car super early tomorrow morning anyways
so I hope this room sound
boy creepy
I love up raising my voice in my face
and then suddenly I bump into you I
don't think it the same thing like cuz
I've been searching my whole life to
find my own place so we got off stage
right drop in might one of the holiday
Jedi why what's up Nathan instance
ladies I'm the lead singer of each Oh
baby
this is gonna crush me
whoo all right let's turn the lights up
in here considering that chain I said
that we were not into singing and that
we weren't gonna sing it was just gonna
be Holly being serious I'm proud a boat
for us Jarrod give me some give me some
of that
slimming below because both chair no I
very shy about singing when we just I
think we do very well being serious I
think that's very good
she boot to bed she put you to bed oh
you're so tired now that little one see
in the morning I'm going to end the vlog
down here everybody I don't want to go
upstairs and wake us all if you've
enjoyed the video give it a big ol
thumbs up I want to see if we can smash
35,000 thumbs up in this video I know
it's been a super long while I hope
you've enjoyed it I've had so much fun
today and tomorrow is going to be purely
fun like so much fun
I'll catch you in the morning oh if you
haven't subscribed subscribe see you in
the morning
so weird like the key won't turn and I
got my foot in the clutch and every day
