good morning guys good morning hope
you're having a lovely day oh it does
are we in this room it's not the morning
it's currently two o'clock in the
afternoon I've been sorting out some
stuff with a new office today I've been
editing a video that's going up on dark
lines YouTube channel coming up soon
I've been editing the debt I've been in
loads and loads of stuff but we've just
had a very exciting delivery arrived at
the house some Christmas
donuts I feel like we need to at least
try a little bit of each one oh my gosh
but then the bad thing is that all gonna
have a slice missing out of them and now
no there's no e down and we got a box
each yeah dum-dums have literally just
drop these off at our house I'd cheesy
scrambled egg for breakfast and I've got
nine donuts for lunch alright let's come
and sit down over here and try them
we're halfway through trying all of
these nine donuts were filming it at the
moment over on Zoe's blog so if you
haven't seen it go check it out when
literally I'm just eating a half and
don't know 1 3 3 this is the sixth one
wait one two three four five five out it
yeah we've got four left to try okay go
check it out as Oceano if you want to
but obviously one minute we're over wait
don't go just yet what's the rest of the
ball come now no no no no a block pass
where's the rock
getting your advent calendar present
it's my turn to give Zoe and having
calendar present and I've got one yeah
this is a good one
she's currently singing
actually like lure you into the room do
you know like I thought you were gonna
say it was for a challenge or something
that you're gonna miss nice but you have
to do that I do have to do it we have to
use them okay let's test them let's see
which one we get first time do you throw
all of them I'm not really too sure how
it works so summer stretches am i seated
should you roll with them oh that's the
one I don't order that what that is I
can do that
sure try that yeah yeah yeah and now you
have to push up though see after you
float in try and lift up your legs a
little bit so he loves to say this is
the reason why she can't touch her toes
is because our arms aren't long enough
they lift up your needs a little bit
yeah oh my god you bum that's not what
you're supposed to days pushing your bum
forward on the picture it's not like
this yes it is
no it's not on the picture so you can
see the bomb underneath hmm I think that
last just likes if you ask me know that
you can see the bomb underneath Oh
love you your bum has to be up off the
ground you see what I'm saying like
there's is like way off the ground now
have a look at that yeah you own it
oh you can do it that's really good
gorgeous oh my god can you touch your
nose with your knees huh how do you do
that honestly I cannot do that yes you
can no I truly let me try you can do
that now spit your knees and put them
all back on the floor and got on the
floor on the floor going you got that
your knees on the floor yeah you got me
bruise on your leg go put your knees
lean back back back knees on the floor
knees on the floor oh that's close
there's some cool ones
oh that's cool nuts so I've got a really
challenging one for you perfect
got it amazing yoga skills the new vlogs
just gonna live and then already started
cleaning up and tidy in the kitchen and
also why we tied in the kitchen
apparently Zoey and poppy of course
somebody coming over to do their nails
tonight and that is something that I've
actually always wanted to do is get a
manicure I've never ever had one before
but because I bought my nails I'm just
interested to see what they can look
like if they were all tidied up we're
gonna have a puzzle session if you've
noticed in my vlogs today my voice keeps
on cracking I think I think my voice is
breaking for the second time although I
actually never realized my voice
breaking when I was younger a lot of
people say boys balls drop and they're
right now one of my friends John
literally
got one day no noise no like a different
voice literally like yo my name is Joel
but mine was just so gradually for like
a long time hear it and then your people
don't my friend Laura who's been in my
blokes a lot you guys know Lawrence and
Jay actually just find him out there
shots fired
whose voice cracked all the time like up
and down my never really happened like
that maybe mine's just never broke is my
voice fire oh you're in your videos you
used to speak really hyper is she
bothering to go out yeah nobody needs to
do that
maybe my voice has broke then when you
hear voices singing let's be jolly deck
the halls with boughs of holly you back
it around the Christmas tree I saw her
in my place
why did you a thousand-piece puzzle what
you've done I did this all in two color
order times but I had to move that oh
these ones will join together sorry and
Pavia get in the nail was done
downstairs I'm off tonight I think I
said earlier on in the vlog that I'm off
tonight to go rock climb in I'm so
excited I haven't been since that time
in the vlog you know a couple of weeks
ago when I went with my friend Max and I
taught myself there and then how to
backflip
it's cold wear shorts yeah
Bogey's gonna try pegs with his shaky
hand
the way looks if you haven't fun editing
you've got chocolate over your camera
lens lady gave love you hi just go back
home now from boulderon it was super
good I didn't come to much because I
didn't realize that there was a winter
competition on and that's why it was so
damn busy I don't even know if you can
see but he was like three or four times
the amount of people I've ever seen
there before Zoe know about was oh he's
already in the bath that's when just
filming it gets the wall this way about
two jumping it off together I have no
idea how but I just spent two hours in
the bath so he was in for like half an
hour so you know literally just sat
there on my Instagram just looking
through there like suggestion page or
whatever it is you sleep we watch in
Paddington one we literally watch number
two in the cinema last night
