come on then and then good girl gone
then done your breakfast to someone want
their breakfast coming in wait
go in there good girl you little boys
need some breakfast as well do ya is
that what you're waiting for
I know
look at this weather check everybody
it's absolutely horrible it's chucking
it down but like I say we do not let
that bring us down we do not let that
affect our day good morning guys good
morning and welcome to another amazing
fun beautiful day just with some rain
don't let that affect your day we're
still gonna have fun we're still gonna
have a delicious breakfast that I don't
know what we're gonna have yeah Wally
fed the guinea pigs I've already fed
little Nala BAM Evan I did you have a
yummy breakfast did you enjoy it
what cereal do we have walking up some
golden syrup porridge that could be good
golden and exotic banana papaya honey
and granola evidently that looks too
healthy nobody has opened up just may
means always some little breakfast got
some cold lemon water here and then two
little porridges so the plan for today
is to have a really really relaxed one
Zoe is currently at home building a den
I'm about to drive to whiterose to go
and buy loads of picnic food and snacks
and cocktail sausages and just the
really delicious yummy food and then
we're gonna watch a film and just relax
all day time to find some picnic
everybody I've got my basket I have not
the best idea of what I'm looking for
I'm getting some fruit looking good this
seems like the right kind of area okay
cocktail sausages get to package to them
and chicken katsu bites
what the heck guys my car won't start so
weird like the key won't turn and I got
my foot in the clutch and everything but
if I turn it comes up as soon as I let
go the car turns back off
well this is just fun isn't it I haven't
even got my work phone on me and I don't
bring anybody off of this phone because
I don't anyone having this number so I'm
now just sat in my car I can't ring
howdy or anyone to like come and pick up
the car and I get it fixed or do
whatever you need to do to make it work
so I've just had to ring Ange and get
Ange to try and bring LD for me to come
and pick up this car though is also on
the way to come and pick me up this is a
mess you're only allowed to be in this
car park as well for two hours park in
two hours maximum stay oh you're looking
going to be a bit longer than two hours
because I can't move my car so I
literally cannot move my car like it
won't work it won't turn on it will not
start so the people in front of me just
left I'm parked in a really really
awkward position and I'm basically
trying to hold this spot by standing in
it when Zoey arrives come and pick me up
okay she is I'm gonna get her - I'm
going to push my car and have her sat in
it - lets tear it into this space and
then hopefully soon how he can come and
pick up my phone's ring and I think
Angie's ringing me and just ringing me
okay
we got some explaining to do my car
wasn't actually broken like there was
nothing wrong with it there is something
in I don't want to try and do it the guy
did Justin the guy did try and show me
how it was done basically if my wheel is
turned like this much and then something
happens like the cars turned off or
something it basically locks my wheel so
that it doesn't move and it looks all of
like the battery everything off of the
car so that you can't even turn the key
to start the engine so all you have to
do is you have to like yank it like
really hard
jolt it to the other side and then it
works again so the guy literally got in
my car when Mom and then it started
working and also what how have you just
done that and he was like I'm the man
then I was like you literally are the
man but how have you actually done that
he was like it's not in there's not
anything wrong with that and I said you
sure I don't need to come in and hand
this into the Audi and get it fixed and
looked and he was I know it's not an
issue
there's just something happens that when
your car wind is turn and something
happens it locks and your car can't be
used why the bloomin L is that a thing I
was never told about that we should be
warned when we bought our cars that that
can happen anyways it's all sorted all
fixed now he just needed to like yank
the wheel in the other direction so good
the only not good thing is that I kind
of forgot to buy any camembert and I
forgot to buy Coco Pops and milk so now
I've got to go back out to the shops
hopefully the same thing won't happen
again
after the third shot that one didn't
have any camembert
come on please have that please have it
yes yes yes
I'm gonna take two so finally home with
all of the goods my car is working Zoey
has been busy building a tent for us to
watch the films in a relaxed
how you doing sausage how are you doing
we do love I'll come over there we have
a proper camembert pot to cook it in
then you pop the little lid on where you
need to pop it on a tray pop it on a
chair and leave the picture her fingers
and pop it in there perfect
it's gonna straighten top could you pull
them out with a yeah I'm a little bit
there we go
that should be good for about 20 to 25
minutes just spend the last 10 minutes
trying to make all the food look like a
proper picnic here we've got pizza all
cut up into little pieces
Doritos with their little mild salsa dip
some fruit Panna shockula pasta I don't
know what that is but we had it in
Greece and it's amazing lots of forms a
different little party meat and some
crisps and then in here we've got some
camembert Missy that's not for you you
know that's not yours no this is like
the best cinema on the world got the TV
there my little pup all this food and my
girlfriend it's so hot right now
do you yeah you do this is literally
what Sunday's are for we're gonna end up
working tomorrow and relaxing today
you're the opposite of what the weekend
normally is
hey you're working right she's always
working do these guys know where you're
working on oh really
cuz I didn't know if I can tell them or
not I just said you're working or
something exciting the lighting in here
is incredible my skin looks so smooth
ahh
thank you no I see girls got all the ice
oh my gosh look at my hair if you guys
don't have lime Corps do in your house
instead of Ribena and stuff you're doing
it wrong this is amazing can you go
first you do - poppy - yeah the little
food dance the puppy does another thing
if you guys don't eat camembert at home
it is literally just cheese but if you
cook it you dip your bread in it oh my
gosh I can't even describe but actually
can't describe mmm
we're currently watching four in a bed
even though there's only two of us in
this little bed that we've made actually
three of us we've got Nala down the
bottom somewhere there we go
down there as well but I need to get up
now I need to oh honey I need to go and
edit my vlog and get it uploading and
then yes and then we can watch film
later on because I really really want to
watch a film in here later on are your
minions is run at 7:00 I finally finish
editing my vlog my also from yesterday
in here I don't if you can see it oh god
that is absolutely disgusting I'm sorry
if I've just scared you or something but
a new vlog is up all done all exciting
Zoe still tacked up I bought this
shoulder band the other day to try and
help make better videos but I've kind of
got to build it like that and it could
it comes in a million different pieces
whoo okay we could all set up and work
in the gut stick that is this is awesome
very happy with that
look at that guys follow focus
everything on there something arrived
about half an hour ago while sort of
editing my video which was so exciting I
don't know ever to show you or not is to
massive massive boxes and I know you've
been waiting to know everyone ordered it
or not
two seater blow-up kayaks the Zulfi
mobile the soppy 'mobile we're going to
have a race so who do you thinks gonna
win who do you think is going to win the
the kayaking race me and you or pop in
Shaun's a fever soppy do you think do
you actually this is the creepiest Bowl
I have ever seen sorry why do we have
this really creepy Bowl Diddy I mean
mark I love it this is the cutest Bowl
we own this is just so cute
no y-you stretch in and we have another
you today are we don't to give everyone
a kiss give them a kiss
oh when I go out for a little bit
do you ever get the feeling where you
just need to get outside like I've been
in more or less a set from when my car
broke down
I've been in more or less all day and I
feel like I just need to get out so I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go and do some
Pokemon huntin in the park
you wanna come you wanna come out to the
park she's gonna walk yeah okay then
just for you see you later
coming in a present or from the park
usually if you do it I'm gonna bring you
back a leaf come on Emma see aha look at
you look with your little doggie
seatbelt on walking Nala at nighttime is
by far my favorite is so much more
relaxing there's less dogs around twine
I like blooming Humber and sniffer bum
and everything and it's just it's just
so much quieter
I guess so nice and I can catch a lot of
Pokemon as well we talked about how
creepy this green light is doesn't that
look like it's coming from a horror
movie
why have they changed with the lights
green I feel like I'm gonna be like
kidnapped or something oh my gosh what
do you have a nice time you going with
your mummy shall we come on in and no
you're so tired but we need to put you
to bed should we get a bed coming in and
you Missy you're going to your bed
tonight
you
Oh
