good morning my friends good morning and
welcome back to another blog another
blog another flower I don't know what
I'm doing I'm in a really good mood
today the weather Oh actually I can see
a little bit of blue cloud over there
blue cloud so that just I just shows
what the weather's like hey there's Ned
it's cloudy everywhere except for what's
moving blooming fast there's one little
patch of blue sky over there so we could
be in luck for some good weather right
I'm just about to drop an jackal because
today's plans I want to go and buy some
things for a new challenge video there's
a new video that I've got set in my mind
that I want to film this weekend with
Poppy Sean and Zoe but I need to buy
some stuff to be able to make it happen
Hey hello hi den good I'm just about to
leave my now I was thinking I could pull
up outside our lab and all of that yeah
and we could go straight off to like
being pure and look for video stuff oh
yeah see ya
if you didn't watch yesterday's vlog I
got new braces yesterday they're a bit
more hidden than before I've got them in
at the moment let me know in the
comments if I sound very very very very
lispy or I can kind of get away bit it's
going to improve I'm going to sound less
and less lispy but at the moment these
are brand new so I do sound a little bit
difference if you're wondering why that
is why
I gotta get you on my head needle in the
bag gotta wind up dead make that wine a
black little prick gonna make a booty
gold take that right back alright so
we've just arrived at being cube which
may sound a little bit odd for video
ideas but stick with it you wait if we
find the right thing here that we're
planning to get and don't take in a
seller we're gonna have an amazing with
you we're out in the garden giving you a
little hint but and I can't see it cause
anything so far all right and they don't
really have what we need
but I've ordered one off of Amazon Prime
that's meant to be coming today I don't
if it's going to work the one that I've
ordered it looked flat okay I just
thought being you might do better
turns out they don't next shot would
come to Halfords
ah damn it that's the biggest they do
don't want to give anything away in this
vlog third time lucky let's see if wicks
have what we're looking for
ah if we manage actually find what we're
looking for when you're watching the
main channel video you will know because
it's going to have a weird item in it
and I want you to know how much effort
has gone into getting this item so
everybody when you see the video if you
see the video comments saying that you
love the item because yeah it's taken us
a half a day to find it I think it's
just too small as there everyone's good
you're watching this like what are they
doing he knows it is doing the same
thing Josh is showing us around sharing
us with the different options of things
we've got this is quite good is this the
kind of thing you're looking for wow
that could be it you know let's buy that
yeah yeah it's amazing give any other
variants we can look at Lots so that
looks like I think that could be it
I'm so happy and it was the last one
left so good all it there's no one there
is it a bit smaller that we don't want
you want the big one I'm also going to
buy this as well
you'll see why in the video we've got to
stay safe whilst we're doing this video
guys we're looking at we're looking at a
tire new merge you've got high vis
jackets got a helmet got this headphones
or not and I'm not headphones what are
they called peer things sound protectors
that's the one thing we got it
no go thank you that was incredibly
successful lovely guy helped us out got
everything we needed maybe even a little
bit more thank you so much to Josh now
there is a fries burgers sausage bacon
and chips van just there and it looks
and smells incredible I'm trying so hard
not to go there by burger for my breath
have you had breakfast I have I could
definitely there is a place in town
called burger brothers we when the ages
are going to vlogger than if you guys
would have seen it and it is like I
think it's number one on that Trip
Advisor everything in Brighton for
burgers so what I'm going to do is I
think we should park in the other car
part yeah and on the way to my office to
cool burger yeah yeah
they don't do chips though that's fine
really annoying and if you ask them why
they're like because we're burger
brothers
it is literally run buddy brothers
really yeah and they've got their refuse
to listen baguette more try and ask them
you will not be happy my day can I get
some chips without of course you can
away if I'm just going to a dead end
yeah are you serious bend a little bit
Pokemon go on the move we've got the
burgers they look incredible
alright oh my gosh nearly fell off the
balloon back on my chair today has been
successful my top looks out white in the
cameras actually I like pink anyways
today I actually cannot believe that we
finally managed to find the item for my
new video fingers crossed poppy and Zoe
and Shawn are going to be available this
weekend to film it my main youtube
channel if they are it is going to be
hell it like I'm warning you it's going
to be a good video anyway it's time to
eat my breakfast or my brunch as usual
you guys tweet me every single day
saying I bet you Alfie hasn't had
breakfast yeah but yous about to have
brunch well guess what
I'm back to have my brunch and today
we've got a burger I'm like beyond
excited to eat this I'm going to edit
and just just popped out to go meet a
boyfriend for a minute she's got to drop
them off some stuff and I'm gonna try
and edit the vlog and I also need to set
up the new MacBook Air that I bought for
sins I'm so excited for this I feel like
I'm literally gonna fall asleep any
second
just eat an entire burger
and don't feel okay you're so tired look
at this YouTube / things yeah
even got a candle okay oh my gosh my
favorite did you know that it takes a
certain amount of time did you know this
to open Apple products on purpose so
that try anything it off or you will do
it like feel slow and do you know why
it's like if it's a business to build up
anticipation so that when you see the
product you're more excited did you know
that I will actually do that how smart
is that this is the new Sims laptop yo
yo yo yo yo I'm so excited
dedication to the cause final cuts just
downloading we've got 50 minutes until
it's done which is a perfect amount of
time to get signing some more posters
you guys I've still got like 1200 or
something
two of these posters left to sign for
you if you want one link is down below
they're all hand signed by me in my
office
so I just left the office now she's gone
home for the weekend enjoying herself
in fact she's actually gone to look at a
car to purchase because yes this you
went to come for your car didn't manage
to get it the day before she went to
cover your car didn't manage to get it
they've both already been sold today is
the third time she's going to view a car
hopefully she's going to be able to get
it today I'm still signing all of these
sitting here nearly done the first batch
for today I'm going to try and do
another one as well from over there in a
second but whilst I was signing them I
thought what a good time to go live so
I'm currently live on you-now again like
the other day everyone say hello to
yourselves anyone saying hi and there's
a three and a half thousand of you
watching which is absolutely crazy
so yeah just thought I'd let you know
what up - it's six o'clock the light
show's over I finish signing tons and
tons of posters for you guys so like I
said if you do want or need you forgot
to close this window if you do want one
of those posters I won't even ah just
spoke to yourself on that bloomin thing
if you do want one of those posters I
will leave a link down below as always
to my merchandise you guys go check them
out they're all freshly signed by me
today right let's get home
let's get out of here it's actually a
pretty lovely evening you know this
morning I was saying there was tiny
little bits of blue between the clouds
well at the moment there's so much blue
it's like 50% nice sky 50% clouds
I mean I kinda couldn't help myself
bought a little present for myself a new
hat on the way back to the car
Kym Ihnen sit good girl
okay I literally jumped home for like
two minutes
like actually two minutes I'm going off
to go grab dinner with my friend Holly
Zoe's still working at the moment
tonight she's got a ton of work to be
able to do oh my god I've got the worst
oath on my mouth just here it hurts so
bad
I need I need to get some bonjela ah
right I'm off I licked he can't even
smile at her so glad I'm off to go ah so
we just got to the marina and we're
looking Alden basically there's tons of
new flats here and there's restaurants
all underneath Holly said which is so
true it looks exactly like London it's
so cool we kind of got a bit carried
away with the drinks we got six
different drinks three each and then for
the starters we gone calamari and
mozzarella
thank you so much right we've just
finished dinner I think everybody else
in that was on a cute romantic date and
probably assumed that the Holly and I
were also on a cute romantic date
I don't if I told you in yesterday's
vlog or not there was basically we met
this boy who told us that his mom owned
a mini golf like indoor mini golf place
here at the marina in Brighton and we
were going to try and come down
yesterday but we ended up finishing
dinner really late so we couldn't come
Holly's been there before
is it good so we're going to gonna head
there now is it busy
oh look at that that's so cute look at
their how is that not cute
you win prizes as well a day to go on
that no Holly
go those kids laughing at you I've got
some burn the dark glasses we're
forgiven that's so cool you are you
jealous
you should put some around her glasses
she won but she doesn't have any maybe
then you feel cold no but then you feel
cool thank you thank you so much
Holly's given track a score which I
don't think I really trust should I
trust you
yeah the next time laughs no you did
Holly you got you
look at this if you have no idea what's
going on when a glow-in-the-dark look at
my t-shirt
glow-in-the-dark mini-golf why I want to
get a video busty like this look at that
by the wall what weight you gonna try
and go up the little pink thing all
around that um no oh my gosh like that
was what you so nearly got that in how
have you just done that how did you do
that well twice a week keeps elevate are
you doing
oh come on you do again yeah totally how
many did you get in you got it one oh my
gosh
this one's venti really hard
are you serious
what six right this is a super simple
hole you have to eat it up and it will
land in one of these and that's how many
shots you got how are you doing this
how did you just
how is that a thing that literally hit
the thing this last hole is horrible you
either get one or six you get one if you
get it in there six if you get in the
sides
no pressure Holly
okay well that's not changes that's not
one oh you could get seven or two I'm
joking go to Smasher
honey honey
well you got that hard
oh you got in the bloody flan whoa Olli
all right Holly got 32 oh my god what
they fight how you beat me by three are
you serious
this is cheating I'm not having it well
it's wrong to throw out Molly you can't
steal did you never get to it when
you're younger not to take things oh
that's good he's so embarrassing hold
your bag I don't want to go oh my gosh
she actually took a the walk of shame
they said you shouldn't steal we
literally parked on the top level
Nayla where's my liquor 1 hello you come
down silly and I completely forgot to
end the vlog I got straight into bed and
just crashed out watch some Netflix
reserve a and just fell asleep so thank
you so much for watching the vlog if you
did enjoy it give it a big ol thumbs up
my goal in life is to now build a little
puting crazy golf place myself imagine
if I built somewhere like a crazy golf
thing and all of you guys could go to
invite and how insane would that be let
me know in the comments if you think
that'd be cool
crazy golf is just the funnest thing
ever let me know give the video a thumbs
up if you enjoyed it subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll catch you up
tomorrow good night are you ready for
your presence I've got you two and a
half wha
just be nice
