the last drybrough I got it good morning
guys good morning good morning how you
doing today oh it's not my YouTube
birthday anymore and now I'm just normal
seven years and one day old on YouTube
just got back from breakfast with Calum
we're now Tana cute little date together
we ate so much food even ate cake for
breakfast but we need to head to the
office I did film the breakfast just
differently from too much I'll insert it
now just popped out for breakfast in
color I have gone in on the food got
panna shockula ham and cheese cross on
Kalam's gone bro you weren't even harder
than me to panna chocolat and a
chocolate fudge cake for breakfast a
quail are not complaining are just match
up to fresh orange juices is so cold and
delicious we got mr. lemonade lemonade
lemonade I don't really know what we're
going to be getting up to today so I'm
trying to pack my bag to just be
prepared for every sugar wet oh it's cuz
they should we do a weather check but
it's not too great I mean this is what
we're currently working with it's not
very nice but don't you worry we're not
going to let that get to us we're still
gonna have an amazing productive fun day
I assure you
oh did you give them a kiss did you did
you little Missy head have you guys seen
gallons chinstrap no no no no look at
the top of his head
let's see in a bit lower one we've just
arrived at my lens looks so dirty one
minute there we go a bit better we've
just arrived at the office just going to
edit my daily vlog in a second but first
I want to mash column at gamer
table-tennis because he's a bad kid it's
not very good but the thing is with
color
he thinks he's good so it's quite
awkward fix Enis
he thinks he's he thinks he's good at
the game okay I'm gonna tell it whilst
holding the camera don't you worry yeah
sure yeah I got this no no we are now
off to go to town to buy me a new bag
because my bag has done that annoying
thing you know in there zips light in
the middle and then it's open on both
sides I stupidly pulled it along and my
zips broken on the bag so gonna have to
go buy me a new one all right shut this
literally my exact bag but brand new you
going red yeah well that's an
interesting topic
naughty come out for Mexican get the
device
yo yo NC times like a gallon as this one
rap and any song ever that is honest
though it doesn't it he raps for any
song it never goes
no I'm not literally gonna got more food
if we tried you happy it's so hot
literally so fresh are we having for
laughing I don't know ever I'm happy or
not because I'm so growing on your head
when the edge of that windscreen move
louder than user there you call it don't
you try me okay you got you in tells me
hey she's taking pictures of me so I
just filmed her guys and then we'll get
a head to the pier to go and play
you know the game where you throw that
hey I didn't we're gonna play that game
we like going away where were things
you're an idiot
just cuz I can we louder than you but we
need to grab a M and an iPhone charger
there you go this low man we haven't got
one in Calibre's friends about to run
out if i'm on i'm find a portable one oh
wow there's tons power savage this is
the samsung s7 good thing i've got one
of those now you die actually is for a
mid summer and we so were we were in
there we literally gave him back the
receipt and said can you put it in the
bin we don't really need the receipt
here's three pounds the wire which is so
much cheaper than apples like 25 pound
one and then we threw all the package
anyways we got even return
go and quickly get the picture quick the
pressure do you want to jump in it I'll
take it you getting out you gun going
you give them a cuddle
I'll take the picture yeah you look
beautiful
one minute one more
let me join take a selfie Carlos are
they give his charger why is it working
yeah it's working column columns give it
a charger sorry no I just accidentally
bought sorry all right let's go thank
you so much guys have a lovely evening I
did a good deed for the day do you know
why she couldn't take another bitch yeah
because I zoomed in on your face I took
so many pictures of your face that it
filled her phone data they build have
bone on it could so I couldn't take any
more bitches because it was so full of
your face Lich we've just come to bright
ownio Pia the one and only right
actually not the one only technically
there's the West Pier as well but I mean
it's quite damaged Brighton Pier we need
to change up on money well there we go
he thinks he's got it should we do at
the same time God you got this
don't get too aggressive don't get too
aggressive no just take it calm now you
messed it up look what you've done
what do you think of that you just go qu
doubt he's very dodgy what do you think
of that on a short wait
hahaha I'm gonna miss these now I know
that oh my god you're actually gonna get
it oh no pressure
what so I'm gonna get this truck farm
over it's gone
no no no duck it's gonna do oh oh my
difference hey hey oh boy let this is
raw in color but it's got I feel like
you said yeah I beg you say it's a
manager on this rock us wait you got
wait where's your one oh wait you don't
have way wait hold on
oh wait what aren't you supposed to get
one nothing any of these fun oh you got
it
No are you harnessing the power that is
so close
no pressure that's it
good of all
oh my god no no about 20 times I don't
know if you can see how thin that rope
is that's what we're trying to car oh
that's it that is yeah
No how is that not here oh my god guys
I'm zooming in on the thickness of this
wire that we're playing with look at
that you've got an even blue Mencia
I'm not even into Star Wars but I want
this Star Wars going more than anything
this is our very last chance color the
last dry but I've got it
the last dry bro I've got it ah oh my
god
oh my gosh
we got it
I cannot even believe that
she likes Star Wars yeah right
yeah we just got off the pier Kellan won
a massive storm was toy and I won some
random toy in the back somewhere you
never know if you can see it on the tin
can machine first time absolutely crazy
we're about to need to car park now head
home
I'm knackered boy it's hot I'm hot
cinavia by i did pop home although i
didn't film anything because it was
literally the quickest visit I've ever
done
jump back in the car with Zoey picked up
hoppy and Shaun from their place and now
we're heading off to the cinema mum and
dad are already there and we are going
to see the BFG this is like my childhood
film I'm so excited this is so lucky a
nearly turn around I thought I wasn't
going to welcome but we are yet puppy
started crying during a general it won't
quite a Bobby inside wife in tears I
prefer running down her face right what
do you rate it how do you think it was I
loved it
yeah the animation was incredible like
so so good it just I don't know how they
film stuff like that because it's 80% of
the fairy yeah 80% the film is literally
a ten year old girl and a green screen
and that's it really cool shot so so
crazy yet a music composer and Harry
Potter a very interesting I believe very
I just wanna know I just want to do the
fart that they did they want to make all
wasn't like visual hoppers or some day
wizard is a lot of plus something and
then when they fart and it like pushes
them up in the air and like pops I want
to do that that'd be the best way too
far or they imagine him in public
although if everyone did it I don't know
anyways we're heading back home now
that's how you get around drink loads of
fizzy drink and then fall and jump
anyway so we're heading back now that
was good I advised you to go and see the
BFG film there's a lot of fun
would you guys say that it's too early
to watch home alone because I mean
that's what we're kind of doing at the
moment we're both tucked up in bed as I
say we're both and Nala as well thank
you so much for all to the sport on
yesterday's seven year anniversary
birthday whatever it is YouTube thing
that I had i uploaded like a celebratory
daily vlog for seven years on youtube
and you guys
the amount of Swiss that I'm getting now
from people saying they were crying I'm
sorry I didn't mean to make anybody cry
it was just an emotional time and I
wanted to reflect on how many crazy
things we've done so thank you so much
for all of the spawn yesterday's video
and all the videos it means more than
you could ever imagine but sadly it's
time to end this one it's time for me to
go to sleep my eyes physically hurt one
liked to keep them up to keep them up
I'm too tired to keep them open I'm
gonna get to sleep now
give this video a big old thumbs up a
massive humongous
a gigantic thumbs up if you've enjoyed
it in fact give the video a thumbs up
for me nail in the tin can first time
goodnight goodnight goodnight white
always say so Ridley I'll see you
tomorrow
I don't like get an emotional and then I
get emotional even general let alone on
YouTube look at that do whatever you
want to do in life guys this is your
life if you want something
