good morning my friends a good morning
good one today we're up right and early
and off to the vets but not for Night
Live buzz has a vet appointment this
morning and I didn't really want my mom
going by herself
so I said to her that I'd come along
with her and make sure that is okay I
think I'm running one minute late see
you later
it's a bit of a confusing start to today
as you just saw we lay off to the best
of us has got a morning iron and it's
got like a little ulcer on his eye
hugs I'm prone to get eye on sirs
luckily Tyler's never had one
this is buzz it's like mocked or ioser
or the other two is healed he's just got
a new one which is annoying that is on
some medications absolutely fingers
crossed it's going to go we've now come
out for breakfast slash lunch brunch as
usual this is my breakfast and this is
my lunch
Shawn's done the same as right it looks
so good and then we're back here as well
you know the other day when I came about
there's iced lattes so good and editing
yesterday's vlog as well which you guys
had already gone up you put snow you
guys what we're actually doing today son
gah we need to celebrate later
here's my seven year birthday on youtube
today
yes they view this today for me is seven
eight years on YouTube like I've been
making YouTube videos on my main YouTube
channel seven year
I'm only 22 so that's literally a third
of my life a third of my life my entire
existence on this planet I've been
making youtube videos for you guys
during anyone anyone in my first 1,000
subscribers still if you've been
subscribed since the beginning and let
me know the comments down below I wanna
thank you guys so much everything over
the last seven years I'll bet you'll
probably later will have a proper chat
not with them in a coffee shop by now
so their aim for today is required a
cameraman we've got youtuber caliphs
coming over Shani is here add my Tevan
be helping out these videos and we're
just going to film some sick videos
today we're in a film water challenge
channel one for my channel maybe one for
Sean's channel we're just going to see
what happens really we've got some
amazing videos planned as I said we buy
the cameraman to help us powers coming
up London
he's bought a vindictive like 10 powers
and Found camera with him and help the
Fuji to be amazing Calibre's walking up
here now so he's going to walk it
through these doors like any second now
you just got got in from the train
station he's probably lost let's be
honest there's no food as in Brighton
yeah but there's no herb is in Brighton
she's probably not he's used to get new
more the tube come up come up Helen
where are you are you feeling me you're
not gonna lay ahead
no I'm well happy grumpy popping mums go
ahead done happy I love the grumpy
popular song so much your mom nearly joy
today I'd never be three never I think
mom I don't even follow you on twitter
means heading into George all but
anything you how to fill me now
hi guys Rin toys up right so we've just
come into Toys R Us we're going to try
and grab some bits for Callum's video
tennis balls big old family there's a
very big camera I'm filming them filming
me so we just got to the location that
was shooting today's videos at here we
have got Callum oh you've got Sean what
cameraman cut him over there shooting
some stuff we've got a camera over there
another little cheeky little GoPro down
there another GoPro up there
we're basically shooting a basketball
video for calyxes channel it'll be up
sometime I'll let you know sometime when
it's up well you ready I'm excited I
think I'm going to smash it I've gotta
stir them thanks hon I said he's
incredibly cocky he hasn't shown us any
shot yeah for your block can you block
buddy what die makes it
he literally made it bro alright anyways
we're gonna go for mushy bro you made
that promise you catch you guys in a bit
here he is little pieces I've never
liked you so much healthy never liked
him so much you you're my friend
he's literally saved the day so hot
that's a good burn in my hand I know oh
yeah I'm so excited get in my face pizza
face
Pizza dab I get the pizza shop oh oh
successful semi successful successful
the videos on semi-professional
successful sorry hi cameraman Callum who
is awesome by the way we were going to
film two maybe three videos today when
did it film in half one it wasn't really
going how we're feeling it but that's
just what it is with YouTube videos
sometimes they don't work out so we
filmed another one which one I think
really well I think once it's edited
it's going to be sick that was going up
on Kalam's channel not coming McCallum
this Callum here and then we're going to
shoot my video tomorrow maybe tomorrow
if it doesn't rain we're going to shoot
it tomorrow I'll just go back home now
you're probably literally at the
beginning of this blog I probably barely
filmed anything today I wanted to try
and go and get a birthday cake - blow
out seven candles for my seven future
birthday haven't even had time to do
that's hot past ten in the evening we
haven't seen the girls all the girls
here all three also here the girls are
here let's go and crash I think I broke
my knee today like genuinely money is
like mashed but it was it go check how
is your days gone
yeah I like in your hair how's your day
how was your day pop Callum and Sarah
are ready to celebrate my 7 year YouTube
Saturday oh oh he gets a shot in here
when I wake up the neighbor nice fun
alright ready people
sorry thought you need to sing the Lukas
Graham once I it all sucks so I
literally don't know it so some kids
came up earlier no I did gadget some
kids literally came off earlier and the
moms like some what are you guys doing
kind of thing with our children a
YouTube video and the summers are uncle
youtubes and as odd you watch youtubers
and that obviously last three or there's
a young boy doesn't know Calum is but
okay maybe he doesn't watch that kind of
thing oh who did you watch on YouTube is
that yeah I watch you do know who do you
watch Oh Joe Saad Caspar Lee also oh
cool Cheers
and he was like zoella as I Oh watch me
but not and Joe and Caspar didn't have a
clue who I was
you never do and then I was like oh so
he's my girlfriend he was up can I have
a picture didn't know who I was
and then the mum knew because like the
customer's a fan or something the mom
was an alpha are you Alfie deyes can we
get a picture
see you later they do not like mommy
tonight
the greater good
notice the greater good sight right
it's my seventh view to birthday and I
haven't done anything special for in the
vlog like we just haven't had time we've
been filming do you member your sixth
birthday no what was it fifth I don't
know what did you do are you okay see
that's why I wanted food tonight I
wanted to get a cake tonight and I
wanted to put seven candles in it I
think what we should do is film a
birthday celebration tomorrow and I'm
going to put it at the end of this vlog
because just been filming all day and I
haven't managed to properly celebrate
and sit down and talk to you guys about
the incredible journey that we've had
over the last seven years and I kind of
want to do like little roundup for this
vlog and then blow seven candles out on
a cake or something so that is what I'm
gonna I'm gonna insert that as soon as I
end this clip here so thank you for
watching this video so far thank you for
sticking with me for the last seven
years thank you for sticking with me for
this video even though Leachman from
when other videos all day your support
means everything give the video a thumbs
up if you if you've enjoyed the seven
year journey that we've been on together
have you gone out to message to say why
is the hoppin oh no I haven't sorry
oh thanks is it I just talked about my
seven years on YouTube it rc4 commented
you laugh at me and say no well if you
enjoyed the video I've already said that
I'm too tired it's like 1:00 in the
morning color mancera in bed nalu's at
the bottom of bed licking her feet we've
got Harry Potter on the TV I'll catch
you guys tomorrow good night good night
good night hey wait wait stop
I've been having a think about what I
want to do and how to do this and how to
say thank you so I don't want to drag
this on and on but let's go and say
thank you so much for all the support
over the last seven years like
cannot even describe what it means to me
and how much you guys bring me up and
hopefully that you guys bring each other
up and I can help bring you up and we
all just create a happy positive I
believe we have we've created a really
happy positive friendly community we've
had so many amazing moments together
we've made so many friendships that's
agreed to me with some of you guys me
with other Creators you guys with each
other the last seven years have been
incredible and one thing that really
shows all my hair is messing up one
thing that really shows how good the
last seven years has been is some of the
edits of pictures and videos that you
guys make for me I saw one video in
particular the other day that I watched
about half of it I absolutely loved it I
tweeted the link I didn't get time to
watch all of it so I'm going to sit down
today it wasn't made specifically for my
7 year anniversary on YouTube however
it's kind of like a highlight reel of
everything
it's called pointlessblog halo and so I
just thought I'd sit down now watch it
with you guys talk and react and just
talk about the amazing moments that
we've gone through together yeah should
I press play I'm kind of I'm kind of
nervous even the music already oh my god
then I'm gonna get I'm gonna get
everything I'm gonna get anything from
you
say something this is hitting me right
in the fields oh my god that day was
crazy there's 8000 of you timed actually
living a life being surrounded by like
negative people or people that don't
believe in me because I'm so lucky to
have all of you guys you watch these
videos and you're also supportive of
anything and everything that I want to
do in life
my new book number one with my new book
that's the really number one that's
actually happy knowing how many of you
guys have got and it's so lovely and so
refreshing to just meet such nice people
I don't want to get emotional in this
video I don't like getting emotional and
then I get emotional in general let
alone on YouTube look at that do
whatever you want to do in life guys
this is your life if you want something
don't let me get it you can tell when
I'm like proper happens smiling like
those shots like my smile stroppy
is so big don't let somebody that says
something stupid so that's something
that thinks something about you don't
know something that shot did you stop
you doing what you want to do in life
it's your life it's very true outfit you
say that boy don't know so
we're changing it up a bear oh look at
this oh my god that was crazy that day
that day was look at people under
someone's younger in some of these oh my
god my New York book signing yo yo yo
hey that was the day a second ago but I
got my bomb blasts I passed my driving
test
I passed two those seem like oh my god
we had so many sick days
oh my god all over the life look at that
that was absolutely there's literally
hundreds of you just waiting for me at
the airport that was absolutely
ridiculous that day
like I forget about these moments I
forget it's hard there's been so many
crazy moments oh my god
over here deep again black-and-white
missiles warship oh no not this song I'm
legit gonna get emotional
that was always old Flass I don't even
know what to say yeah this is mad
standing looking back on so much of my
life makes me so happy that I've
dedicated every day it's to document my
life so that I can look back on there we
can look back on it together like this I
let him put in the same face Baxter I
didn't even mean to oh my god as my
first ever book Silent Night that was
the evening of my first ever book
signing when it went crazy writing your
name return AHA sending me so much love
and brighten my day all day every day
this is so key radio wiring is amazing
and I just want to enjoy every single
minute that we have together turning up
at an airport to leave a country and
seeing everyone write messages from it
oh my god
I can't handle this I can handle this
guy's good
it's just crazy like it let's be honest
it is just crazy the amount of stuff
that we've managed to do together the
amount of videos that we've all watched
that I've made literally over a thousand
videos spending one third of my entire
existence on this planet making videos
and uploading them to YouTube and it's
starting out just like a tiny little
camera in my bedroom and yes now I'm in
an office or a studio but it's still
exactly the same light you're still on a
tiny little handheld camera but this
time the camera I bought rather than
it's not my family holiday camera
anymore like I'm not a little 15 yard
teenager anymore I'm a 22 year have a
blooming dog I'm in a long-term
relationship and to know I don't want to
get too deep guys but we have had some
unbelievable time together so far and I
don't know I don't know where it's going
to go let me know I'd honestly I was
gonna say let me know what you think's
going to have an ex but I don't think
anyone does know and I think that's pure
that's the excitement that's the thing
that I love about YouTube is that I
don't know what it's going to happen
next I don't know what's going to happen
I just don't know it's it's exciting if
you've enjoyed the journey so far and I
say so far because I know that there is
so much more to come because why
wouldn't there be we've had so much fun
there's so many of you guys watching by
would it stop anytime soon we're going
to have even more fun we're going to
have even more amazing moments where
Madame Tussauds I can feel like stuff
like that
what is next I mean madam I'm like a wax
figure in London I don't know I don't
know if you've enjoyed everything we've
done so far as a community as friends
give the video a thumbs up to let me
know go smash it down below you guys
have been killing the views and the
likes and everything in the comments and
the support recently on all my videos so
I just want to say thank you
thank you for the last seven years thank
you for spending seconds minutes hours
out of every day of yours too and watch
my videos and I'll see you tomorrow
course I will because that's what I
bloom and do I make YouTube video right
I'll see you tomorrow guys good bye
