oh yeah I just can't get out of bed
today good morning guys
just embed my little pup hey hey I'm
tired today I'm finding it incredibly
hard to get out of bed we've we've got a
meeting in 19 minutes and I'm still in
bed I'm blaming you for me being late to
this meeting
she'll be in sooo cute this morning yeah
I think we're coming in - then we're
going to a GG we've been a hip for in
the vlogs
we just finished at least three and I'll
get our contain wedding credit well oh
look at these you can evolve your
squirrel man jizz here as well we just
come to get some quite a beautiful have
you know I've wrecked a fever none of us
have ever animist and it's - yeah not
that for me they go and have some
Tabasco this looks insane it's like the
temperature of the Sun so I wouldn't
touch her so you've come for some new
egg and soldiers
and we going acai smoothie but I've
already smashed out so we've come back
to our D because I want to show Zoey the
RA I basically want her approval before
I even think about getting one so
they're bringing one down now for us to
look at together and it is insane
that is so good you hear it so nice what
do you think me and Andrew like it I'll
get it in black yes we all get one each
Matt Jette
it so nice
are we gonna get one not we Alfie
there's nobody no weird we don't drive
and he said what we're gonna do is I
cannot eat I can't even and then I I
can't even describe what that r8 was
just like if you I didn't make it clear
but I was like we were looking at it not
to by just looking I want one more than
you can ever imagine I've been looking
at them online that one that we went and
looked at today was ridiculously
expensive and I took very long just to
see what she thinks of it because I
don't ever want to think about even
buying one with that and so his opinion
and Zoe liking it as oh he wanted to
drive it as well
so I took her along she absolutely loved
it and once we were looking at it
sitting here net revving the engine
stuff like that the guy was like avid
you want me to take you out me now it
was the best thing I've ever been in my
life you're going to go literally the
best thing I've ever been in in my life
so thank you Andrew formality for now
making you want it even more
but enough about the r8 for now Sean and
I about to do something that we can pan
into do for a while we're going to be
ninjas we're wearing frog shoes now
these I bought them when I bought my my
first kayak the plastic one with
Jonathan and I bought these and I never
actually wore them I don't think and
then I bought I bought like a top as
well for it and here they are my water
boarding shorts going kayaking we are
going out in the kayaks that I bought so
as you know in the vlogs I bought two
blowup kayaks - oh we've got life
jackets so you don't actually get
insurance I don't think we'll need tops
I need like as many layers on as I can
get because that C is gonna be free no
but then you don't want to you need a
it's because then it will keep the cold
on you oh we we're not ready for how
cold it's going to move we're gonna
drive along know that little quiet Beach
spot that I found the other day we're
going to drive along to there and then
try block the kayaks wash but there
hopefully it comes hopefully they come
with a football
I'm good on does it fit your foot looks
pretty damn sexy I'm so ready to get
like go show I'm run to the beach good
basically we're going kayaking we have
no idea what to expect I'm gonna pop you
guys inside this which is a waterproof
housing for this camera hope for the g7x
mark one I'm using them up to so
hopefully it fits in here I'm pretty
sure it should and I don't we're just
going to see what happens this is like
this is a kayak test if it goes well
then in the future we're gonna going to
go out proper kayaking with like good
camera equipment maybe check my drone
with us so we can fly it like a bubble
source within the water today is the
test day to see whether we come he's
gonna wear the outfit one of us has to
any outfit
there's not if it's like an outfit bro
it's literally just a talking you got
the shore the shorts are the same as
swimming was they just says is true that
they've made Quicksilver on that maimie
yeah I bought all matching matching
shoes matching top and matching trousers
but anyways we're going to get dressed
we're going to get ready then we're
going to jump in the car and we're going
to see I don't even think I could kayak
I think but it's hard is it well I deal
with me alright you need to watch off
it's not to build momentum is actually
really hot not that Crazy Legs we're not
going like out into the sea it's like a
closed harbor space isn't it yeah I
don't fit there's I still don't think
there's many why there is massive boats
we could get sucked inside of a gallon
something like it will be alright we're
just after we're gonna have to see what
happens just play it by ear see you
happens if we get hit by massive bite
it's not big deal then at least you get
it in the vlog yeah sure she'll get it
good for the blog
good bye baby see you when we get back
see Hey
pockets are so small alright we need to
get this big old boy we've got one of
these each apparently it comes with
everything we need here we go
do you reckon that's enough oh my gosh
raise it
and tonight hopefully we can put stuff
in the back TMI she wants literally will
be dressed I'm scared you're scared why
are you scared
there's a guy over there with a snorkel
he definitely has like a spear gun or
something
he's like dressed in a fully camo is
there Shox you're in your where I shot
so I'm in some blue me like Mikan off
swimming holiday short night Cuddy I
don't even know what I'm wearing I think
we bit out of our depth there's already
a skeet like it's Cupid over in there
isn't it yeah the scuba dive in there
there's already somebody with a kayak in
there we've got a blow-up kayaks could
we at least rate that our kayaks a
blow-up let's get the kayak out of the
box oh we didn't even need that we could
have left your home and just put the
kayak oh that's so hard to get on bro
it's better than going in only be going
in barefoot yeah does sick gay friends
he's gonna quit this is what we needed
on holiday I know to be fair we could
have brought these on holiday as well no
I think Shawn bhaktir did you feel like
I feel what was that noise hello
look at this look at my seat look at my
seat Mike I aah
hey right I'm putting you guys inside of
here now
so that you're fully waterproof genuine
see this is so sick I'm just taking a
camera in my ass come here come here
give me that pole yeah this is so sick
it is so calm here it's such a lovely
evening
oh we clearly could have brought our
phones with us is it already that's it
I don't even there are you going get it
now get in there bro
I don't think we're gonna get that wait
you know look at this look imagine in
the sunny weather just come in and just
somebody they like I'm about to fall in
zombies so we don't never coming home
wait seriously that is to get me
touch the stairs yeah no yeah but sure
you did did he pop the bottom of your
boat earlier side watch out in case you
sing is that Ivan touchable yeah I need
to touch it to prove that I've done it
no you're gonna climb up the stairs
wait let me touch the wall yeah judge
dear are you gonna climb up serious yes
that was just bloomin awesome I've just
got changed up into all fresh clothes
matching blue everything everything kind
of need to deflate this now and put it
back into the original packaging I've
put all the rubbish all the cardboard
into the carb or bin over there so that
is all done the aim is to fit the coax
into these do you think we're gonna do
it just as you drink all the cars
getting packed up and everything bro I
think we got this what I'm thinking let
me know by giving this video a thumbs up
smash the thumbs up down below if you
want us to buy the two-seater one
there's exactly simplice this is called
the challenger k1 and there is a
challenger k2 which is a two-seater
version now we could get one of them
tested out if we like if it's easy if
it's good then we buy another one of
them we've erased friends like Louie
Cole Marcos friends or the bass papi and
Zoe if we can persuade them I think I
think it's going to be hard to get the
girls out if you guys get the videos
enough thumbs up enough support tell the
girls that you would love it if they
came out and breached us and you believe
in them and you think they're going to
win and tell them everything they want
to hear I think they might come at know
like the water is so shallow all the way
out I said is there were some scuba
divers as you saw I meet snorkelers they
didn't know what scuba diving they were
snorkeling we were all the way out I
just saw Sean climbed up that thing out
there I said to them do you know how
deep it is because you guys office in
the water
he said just under two meters that's as
tall as me even all the way out there I
could have stood up so I'm very very
happy that I didn't decide to like
backflip off of it or something because
that would have been incredibly
dangerous probably would have broken my
legs but we can do that another day when
the tides not out as much for now I need
to deflate all of this but that was uh
that was so good
don't just come to get some fish and
chips on the way home I've never been
here it's meant to be the best of the
best
Sean's getting sold on hake nearly went
for the cod is hake better let's go for
the hate then paella scrubs and drinks
let's chuck in a little pickled egg as
well did you smash it you smashed the
jar and it's not
that's a Shawn's phone a minute ago this
is all mine insurance oh no I've just
unwrapped your ruffed Anna bloomin
gherkin oh my god
we got so much hello baby
Hey oh my gosh what are you doing in
here going for the beer box neat an ice
cream we just bought the biggest fish
and chips for just us two yeah and a
bottle of red wine what deliver it ring
and what happened and I smashed my phone
it's much too spread getting out to card
watch on the floor dude that can't be
Papi's out you gone P probably didn't
get any fish and chips we did ask if you
guys wanted any just head out quickly 13
tonight ready face ma oh yeah but now
game bottom yeah it was gone a check
this isn't exactly
how are you going to get home I've drunk
so I can't drive you hoping to drive the
pickle train you sleeping with papi and
Shawn tonight
she's not yours you sleeping with him
tonight he is nah oh thank you no night
baby you're alright
it's time to end the vlog we had a fun
day really fun day
alright then I've had a super fun day
that kayaking was more fun than I ever
thought it was gonna be and then that
fish and chips was deal it like
literally the best fish and chips I've
ever had in my life the only bad thing
was then getting out the car to go into
the fish and chip shop shortens phone
fill up its pocket and smashed and
that's like hundreds of pounds to get a
phone fix it's just so annoying that
sucks
so sad times for Shawn but if you've
enjoyed the vlog and you want to see
earlier on I spoke to Zoe and poppy Zoe
what the chances of us having a race
what do you mean any problems racing the
kayaks Eva menu veg support Shona poppy
or boys versus girls do it yeah they'd
be good yeah right if you're excited for
that let me know in the comments smash
the video some thumbs up as usual you
guys know what to do you always kill it
and not yesterday's blog so I didn't ask
in yesterday's vlog but the one before I
challenge you to get 31,000 thumbs up
and last time I checked it was on 36,000
so you guys are incredible let's see
today if we can get 33,000 thumb that's
your challenge 33,000 thumbs up good and
below smash the thumbs up button share
some love subscribe if you're not
already I will catch you tomorrow I've
got a really fun day planned tomorrow I
got a friend coming over a special guest
and we'll get him some fun so I'll see
you then
good bye good bye good bye good night
I see you sunbathing down there what
