I see you sunbathing down there what
what's the matter you growling at the
Sun is it because you're laying in the
Sun and you're too hot
good morning my friends good morning how
you doing today you join me a little bit
late start to the day because I just
spent in the morning editing the daily
vlog getting that up so it's on time
tonight then I edited episode 4 of my
Pokemon go series for my gaming channel
got that up already for tonight but I
didn't want to start the vlog because I
was literally just sat on my laptop like
a little engine Internet him it's now
quarter to two I'm about to have my
breakfast yes my breakfast I haven't had
breakfast yet and it's called - please
don't say about now okay I didn't bid
smells wood could mount the toast and
says I've been in there like a minute
how could a bear already just having
some chicken soup from my brunch
breakfast slash lunch got some soup
cooking up in the microwave and it
smells so good
did anybody else when they were younger
you used to have chicken soup whenever
they didn't feel well but when I was
when I had time out school for like
being sick or whatever
I'm mmm my mom used to make me like
chicken soup
and then a white chicken but it it was
either maybe Tomatoes well actually I
think it was like this Heinz tin cans
whatever but now whenever I smell
chicken soup it just brings me back to
like comfort food like feeling like warm
and cozy because obviously when you're
not well and like you wrap up in
blankets and you're in bed watching TV
or whatever you do it and now can smell
this chicken soup just got like five
seconds four three two one all right
that bowl is gonna be yeah I was right
the temperature of the Sun later need to
get something to pick it up with
here we go don't know how I'm gonna do
this boy I've only got one of these
surely you need to I don't know how to
pick it up without putting this bit in
the bowl yeah that's not going to work I
use this instead fun little tip whenever
I cut bread or pizza I use scissors
instead of a knife it's so much easier
let me try and show you let me put you
down there and show you look at this
it's just so much easier
you guys probably do this or I'm just
sounding like an idiot I always just cut
bread with scissors here we go how's it
gonna in here little one
yeah you good oh you got your little
editing buddy taking things old school
today I just saw somebody tweet me about
15 minutes ago saying hey outfit when
you're next gonna do you now which is if
you don't already know what you know as
it's basically a website that I used to
go on once a week and go live on camera
and just chat with you guys I love being
live and just talking to you lot because
it's like it's kind of like this but
when you comment I can reply to them
live like because it's instant it's just
like a whole different format anyways I
just use this website and go live on
there quite often like at least once a
week just going to be down there was to
put my socks on and hello and and I
haven't gone on it in absolutely ages
and somebody's just tweeting me now
asking me to go on it so I thought you
know what why not I'm live on camera and
everybody in the chat wants to say la oh
no it's lagging it's not moving very
fast
oh no it's like frozen I think there's
so many of you type and then it's frozen
everybody was going to say hello both
the new videos in our life and I'm just
heading out to go grab us some dinner
well just stick my shoes on there's been
somebody waiting outside the house all
of this morning and then after wait for
like two hours and I do not do pictures
at home like I make it so clear my daily
vlog he really really do not like people
waiting outside the house and that's why
I feel like two hours they finally
realized that we were not going to come
out we're not going to do pictures and
they drove away and now like half an
hour ago they've come back so now when I
go to get into my car they're just
sitting out there waiting they're
literally watching our videos as well
like there's somebody sitting there's
two people sat in a car just watching
our videos outside the house so
inappropriate I'm not going to have
pictures of them please do not do that
guys I know it's not all of you I know I
know I know that never ever wait outside
somebody's house it's really not fair
been stuck in traffic the honestly over
half an hour now like the traffic lights
in front of me green just no one going
anywhere oh yes here we go again again
we're moving we're moving wait for it
wait for it oh that was about two car
spaces and we stopped already
whew we got it yeah
yeah
we got the food
Oh drop agates Zoey hadn't started
filming when I left and she just filmed
an entire main Channel video the traffic
on the beach was the worst I've ever
seen in my life and then you know you
know the one-way road by Jamie Oliver's
yeah I drew it down that and then there
wasn't like obviously there was a reason
why and I'm glad that it was there
helping somebody when ambulance in the
middle just parked in the middle of the
road no hazards or nothing just no one
in the ambulance know they're obviously
gone to like go and help somebody and
left the ambulance in the middle of the
road so there was like two or three cars
in front of me probably about five or
six cars behind me
no one could turn - it's one way cuz
it's one way and it's outside zzs so I
literally sat there like usually just
glad do I just get out the car or not so
I literally just slightly put it on the
curb and then to go out the car and I
was like I'm stuck like everybody I was
stuck there for over 20 minutes and then
I did a u-turn and everyone else
everyone in the road and stuff like
people coming up to me like a one-way
street you can't turn you can't a man
I'm like we're seeing if over 20 minutes
there's an ambulance in front I'm
turning around
and I'm getting out of here ten minutes
past 9:00 in the evening and I'm just
having one of those days one of those
days that we will try not to have but
sometimes we just can't help I have them
there's not really any particular reason
why I'm just not feeling it today
not feeling 100% not like poorly not ill
just a bit man like not I just don't
feel very like I think it's the whole
Sunday thing I like doing something
active and something like I don't know
you guys know I mean you see my vlogs
are by things like bouncy castles and
bloom in stupid outfits to fight with on
the bouncy castles and drones and kayaks
and everything I like doing stuff and
sunday is the one day the week that's
designed to like not do stuff like
people take Sunday out to chill to do
nothing to relax and that's like fine
but personally I just mind I find it
hard to relax
sounds weird but I don't really like
just sitting down and watching TV during
the day like I don't mind it at
nighttime or I don't mind watching like
YouTube videos in bed in the evening and
stuff but but when it's nice weather
outside and all my friends are just
chillin
or like having Sunday rose through their
family and Zoe's edson uploading videos
and stuff and I've got all my done and
out the way early on in the day I don't
know I don't know I find out find it
strange because I've never been the guy
who just watches hours and hours of TV
and does nothing I've always done lots
and I would have spent today filming a
main Channel video I just had a tweet
literally right now somebody just
tweeted me saying where were your main
channel videos have you stopped doing
them so we should probably talk about
that because I haven't uploaded a main
channel video three weeks now I'm kind
of just a bit confused where to go with
them I filmed so much solo stuff on this
channel though I don't really want to
make any more videos on my main youtube
channel they're just me and if you look
across the board on YouTube there's not
actually that many youtubers who I'm
friends with personally who do upload
videos by themselves every single week
you know if you look at someone like Joe
sugg always film with good friends
Casper always people in the videos talax
always people in the videos jayjay most
the time people are in the videos like I
like filming and youtubers of guessing
in general because a lot of people do
like filming with other people and I've
got and I've got a list I've got like a
big old list written down like it's not
that I haven't got video ideas I was
literally on the phone to somebody today
for like 25 minutes talking about hiring
a cameraman for on Tuesday to help me
and somebody else film a couple of
videos together but just now on this
list here in front of me I've got 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 new video ideas written down
just on that one notes tablet thing
little tap that I have up saved on my
computer and they're all videos that I'm
like incredibly excited to film that
some of them I need help
and some of the moneyed friends to be
involved in them some of the money to
our location and stuff so they all come
in I'm just not as fast about missing a
video when I might blow like today I
still uploaded two videos isolated my
daily vlogging a solo did a Pokemon go
video so I'm not really too fast about
missing main channel videos I will get
back fully into the swing of them and
I'm going to be super happy with the
content and I want to try I want to try
and maybe even like I don't know let me
know we think in the comments this isn't
a hundred percent but I maybe even
thinking of just dropping the Sunday
like having this one video go live every
Sunday in the evening is like pressure
to make that video amazing let so many
people online are like I'm so excited
for your video and Sunday happy what's
it going to be I'm kind of just thinking
of like switching up the channel bit and
just upload in a couple of times a week
like whatever I feel like uploading
because I used to have this channel for
that reason like this channel was
designed for extra videos that I didn't
want on my main youtube channel because
my main youtube channel was like one
video every single Sunday so I made this
channel which originally wasn't for
daily vlogs it was just for extra video
so if I wanted to sit down and talk
about bullying if I wanted to do an
extra challenge video that week if I
wanted to do an arty shot video with
music if I wanted to do a daily vlog I
could put it on this channel because I
could only upload one video every Sunday
on my main youtube channel but this
channel is now the one that's more
strict and more like every day 5 p.m.
one day but we'll go live so if I want
to shoot the videos that I love shooting
like talking about how to make friends
and stop bullying and I don't know silly
just just whatever videos I really
really want to make this channel is no
longer the place for that because this
channel is for daily vlogs so maybe now
I switch things up and to me I now make
my main youtube channel that place and I
scrapped the sunday upload once a week
take away all that pressure and just
treat it just like I'm gonna upload
whatever I want on there if there's
going to be a challenge there's going to
be a challenge if there's going to be a
QA or a snapchat video or bloomin
showing you around my wardrobe record
closet tour or
baking video or me sitting down with a
friend talking about advice on being a
teenager and growing up and being
confident in yourself and how to combat
bullying and helping you achieve things
that you want to achieve in your life
then maybe that's the place for those
videos now and I just upload there and I
just upload on that channel whenever I
want that's where my brain is at the
moment these videos that I've got been
down here or like very I'm really really
really happy with the idea it's like
really happy with the ideas hopefully
I'm shooting someone Tuesday with a
cameraman and a friend I'm going to
shoot two videos I just tried to anyways
yeah I you don't need to know about this
videos because I'm going to make them
and they're getting really good but let
me know what you think in the comments
about scrapping this whole Sunday upload
and just uploading whenever I want
whatever I want like if I look at some
of the gamers channels like I don't if
you guys watch like ksi or you watch
mini Minter or you watch Kellogg's they
upload on their main you direct or even
like PewDiePie number-one most
subscribed 46 million subscribers he
uploads on that YouTube channel whatever
he wants it could be a daily vlog and
then the next day it could just be like
a funny little skit and then the next
day it could be a Q&A and then like he
uploads whatever so maybe I stick daily
vlogs on this channel every day at 5
p.m. and your daily vlog gaming videos
on my gaming channel and my main youtube
channel just whatever I want challenges
fun anything I don't know let me know we
think about dropping the Sunday upload
because I think that's maybe something
that now I'm looking to do - just relax
things more or maybe I don't and I just
film tons of videos and I schedule them
all to go up every single Sunday and you
get one video a hundred percent on time
every Sun I don't know I don't know I
just find it hard because sometimes I
have so many video ideas that I want to
make and they can't go my main channel
because that's one video every Sunday
they can't learn this channel because
this channel is just for daily vlogs so
I kind of don't really have a place to
put a lot of the videos that I want to
make now so I'm thinking my main channel
is that place I don't know I don't know
right I'm going to have a straw
three whatever this little yogurt is I
love these yogurt so used to help them
when I was a kid as always currently out
on a walk with Nala not really quite
sure what they've got the bit out quite
while actually serene olive just got
home and I'm just integers sorry - a new
game I found to download data called
5050 the aim of the game is to basically
split shapes into your half or quarter
or three or tells you how many pieces
you have to do it exactly it's like a
rating you can get you can see what's in
you got that is really down the middle
yeah that's real I just don't know how
to do this bit now yeah that looks good
yeah or 27 percent and and 23 percent
that's so annoying
I'm gonna go different can't do this one
it's one of those apps that's just so
simple like so easy and simple but just
frustrating because it's so easy to not
do well I think I got to level 14 a
minute ago and then I just passed it a
Zoe download if you haven't guys just
check it out it's super sick obviously
this is not paid for anything I'll let
you download the app earlier I leave
with that game to enjoy you guys I'm
sure there's oh and I just gonna sit on
this now tonight you can sleep in your
bed tonight yeah
wehmanen mommy carrying you like a baby
this is Debbie our bed except what
softer
alright mommy's gonna stay down here of
you tonight no I'm not just your mummy
bye-bye you stay by me tonight the night
I won the bed to myself tonight see you
later
so I'd be careful if I be a stranger
things stranger things
they're coming for you sorry the
strangest things are going to come
through the wall what no they're not
upstairs they can't come upstairs
they're just coming downstairs for you
now Doon Doon Doon just realized we
haven't done it Zoe we didn't do the
Saucebox
we can't do it now in bed I can't eat
before I go to sleep Felix mastered
reflux know what do it alone I'm not
allowed to eat is it two or three hours
before I get my charger up here for no
that's the first time in a while that
knot is sleeping downstairs and I
already miss her but she always starts
off it than in the night always sleeping
on my side or in the middle and then
after like two or three hours she goes
right over to Zoe site but she's always
like right here whenever whenever I fall
asleep it's weird not having her here
I'm going to end the vlog because it's
good sleep I know this vlog has been a
little bit loose my arms is coming out
of nowhere a little bit disheveled but
um today's just pretty odd today has
been all over the place I captured the
morning thank you so much for watching
give the video a thumbs up if you
haven't already checked out both of
yesterday's videos go check them out
new daily vlog and new Pokemon go video
I'll leave links down below see you in
the morning good night good night good
night can make guys ready life is going
to you ah
