ready ah good morning guys good morning
and welcome back to another amazingly
beautiful blueSky day is that even a
thing blue sky it literally look at this
look at this we are in Brighton in the
UK and there was zero clouds that is a
whole new level that is a record for
here where we live them just taking all
about to go to the toilet we've just had
breakfast that looked like this thank
you so much look at that breakfast guys
that looks incredible
I didn't really film too much because I
felt so groggy you know when you just
wake up sometimes and you like don't
really feel good like I feel a little
bit hungover
but obviously from last night as you saw
I didn't drink or anything but when you
just wake up and you just feel like sore
throat really low energy and you just
don't really feel very inspired and
stuff that's what I was like this
morning but now now I feel the opposite
it is beautiful weather it said that's
because it's an amazing day that's the
same thing as beautiful weather I'm so
blooming British talk about the weather
so much I'm sorry I trying to apologize
don't make me chase you don't make me
chase you alright
go on get to the toilet because there is
little cute outfit really hat on you
look so summery do you know what you
look like now you're not going in yet
you haven't gone to the toilet you know
you look like the hotel's in Mykonos
where we stayed or the aesthetic of the
room was like that gray and white was
now okay come then you can come in but
you're gonna regret that cuz we're going
out for like an hour now going to close
the blind like halfway just so that she
doesn't doesn't tan in the Sun we don't
want you to be get too hot do we know
you got your autumn in there I'll get
you some more and you've got your little
Harry Potter wand just in case you wanna
do any magic but no breaking out okay
you can't unlock this with your spell's
oh look who remembers this iconic door
we've just arrived at stammer Park which
is the place that we go to whenever the
Sun is out and we don't want to go to
Brighton Beach or to town because it's
so damn busy everyone when it is sunny
goes to bright and that's just the place
to be so naturally we try and do the
opposite and get out of Brighton and
we've come to order this city's invited
is net it's in like a Sussex
it's called stammer Park I'm sure you
guys know you've seen you've seen the
vlog of my mother chasing cows with my
drone if you haven't you need to go and
check it out but put the camera down
just shoot some pictures of Zoe and I
and stuff relaxing I've also got fish
and chips in my bag
I just want to picked up two guys just
walk past that definitely look like
Pokemon captures they're both on their
phone like sprinting like literally on a
mission so I was like you guys anyways I
filmed it I'll insert the clip now you
guys playing Pokemon yeah you found
anything good is that our nice good luck
guys she's gonna shoot some pictures are
we on this door oh sorry buddy nearly
got run over and there yeah we're just
going to just take in some time out
today to come down relax make the most
of the evening because we've been doing
doing our video stuff that we do you
know that YouTube thing that we do that
daily vlogging thing that I sometimes do
I am been doing that all day
Edd's in that thing all day and
uploading that thing well that's nice
these houses are so cute this is unlike
a tiny little residential only Road
residential for cars not for people like
we're allowed on here but just no cars
that aren't owned by people that live
here they're so cute
I get the tiny little cottages as always
off taking pictures somewhere so time to
see see if there's anything nearby I'm
Pokemon oh hello quad Clefairy
don't even test me Kaveri I got you oh
wow there's two gyms here
go and get that shot did you get it
you his only bloomin got the fish and
chips out as me although I haven't
actually got any fish but sausage and
chips and a couple of beers as well
because I'm not driving and I bought
Zowie just in case you was hungry which
i think you are an egg and cress
sandwich she didn't want any fish and
chips
um I'm eating some of yours oh you know
you said you weren't hungry
well that sausage looks good and you're
not gonna eat three maybe how'd you know
somebody's landed I don't if you guys
can see that I did not know you could do
hot-air balloons here let me know in the
comments so I'll give the video a thumbs
up if you think the Zoey and I should go
on a hot-air balloon ride would you do
that yeah I want to I really want to I
think I think we should I think you need
to find a good place to do it like where
I used to live it remember this should
be amazing here imagine doing in weather
like this there's no wind and blue sky
today would have been the best day to do
hi every ride sure wish if they can do
it now
no don't face I've got a tenner in my
pocket
this still Zoe shot I did liang whoa
Kanna
oh so I didn't realize her camera was
there I didn't see got that piece of
grass that's between us in mine
alright mine let me put my camera there
stopped my oh hey that whatever yeah ah
she just turned my ah look at that
let's get some down uh a nice thumbnail
for my video
like wrapping me up like that
don't even think about it can you not
let's see whether you like or not this
is lie detectors grass we had this see
that man there
do you fancy him okay no no no flinching
otherwise it means you lyin haha
so you fancies him horrible okay my
question to you and ask any question
yeah one green 51 to kiss her babies I
do I want to kiss her boobie yeah okay
can I come within like to answer that
one
don't go turn mine off again I won't
alright so nice was the question
wait resistant light is this a lie
detector do you want to kiss my baby
yeah Oh Oh savage no jacket no
No haha that's horrible
I know let's play the game where you
have to give me ten pounds if you can't
keep still well no evidently I'm not
gonna say so let's play the other way
around
oh my let me tickle your lip with that
oh now here you know as I decrease your
lip well you couldn't get still noise
let me take with me oh my how we sat in
the shade there's like can you see that
patch of grass behind us that's in the
Sun why we're not sat in that Sun saying
alright right keep still keep still
that's more cheery go y'all yeah open
them in hack what's it like to be a
bodybuilder boyfriend why put your hands
like a brush-up Yeti Yeah right can I
see yeah all right okay let's roll let's
roll come on ready are you going
beginning honestly you know much I hurt
my hand my brooming bracelets
why they're doing the same down come on
wanna see look at my hand is that your
woman out there on that all savage
Savage come on let's get out of here
I should have filmed my main channel
video out here quite nice everybody clap
your feet oh my god
I believe me got the world while Zubat
alright should we head back home head
back to our little pup and then I think
we're gonna take her out for another
walk because she isn't yeah we'll just
take you to the park walk around the
block I really want to watch the last
episode of stranger things so earlier on
we watched all of the episodes except
from the last one of stranger things we
purposely saved it for tonight but Nala
hasn't been out let me cut you put you
down there for a sec Nala hasn't been
out for a walk yet today so all lemon
alpha over it's been way too hot to take
her out buggy's find it a bit difficult
to go out in the Sun or like drop a hot
Sun anyway we've been playing with her
at home and stuff and we haven't taken a
walk yeah so I think what we could do is
I could always take her out in a walk
and you just make the house all nice and
ready for the big screening of the last
you know we should have got that just
bit over the top a projector to watch it
on magic we had a projector for the wall
match if we made a dinner with the
projector insider how much to go
swimming in there in the daylight how
much would you have to get paid
honestly I've heard there's a Gyarados
in there I've heard have you heard that
one I've heard nice oh I've heard I've
got windy bum and I'm really really cold
oh yeah my hat hey mate you left your
hat Jay where did you come from where
did you go oh crap
get in there nope get it there we go
where did you come from got an agile my
filming me you're quite an eye Joe
you're quite an eye though it's a little
bit later on in the evening and we've
just come out to technology and their
late night Beach walk Clyde the lighting
is really not very good I look green I
look like a green egg Darla needs the
toilet she's doing a little poo walk
look at her walk
oh and she's going to the toilet one
minute guys
Marla doesn't know what that noise is
look at her so lucky she's not off the
lead if you live down in Brighton or you
get the opportunity to come down here
really do come down I urge you to come
down to the beach late at night not like
crazy late like I think it's about 10
o'clock right now and it's just yeah
let's go up here it's just beautiful
like it's just so quiet it's not very
windy tonight either and it's just
really really calm it's like the perfect
time to come out and catch pokemon as
well we may or may not be catching lots
of Pokemon right now go and then you
jump in gone in just going to bed and
with a freezing cold iced drink I'm so
excited
and literally can't be a cold water in
bed this is so good just before the last
episode of strangers is it strangers
within I still what where's that from
stranger things what strangers within no
idea what is that I'm almost a pillow I
don't know I'm just making programs up
if anybody mates once make show called
strangers within go for it within the
cave young Nala
you're so stupid and we are about to
watch the last episode I'm so excited I
have no idea what the outcome is going
to be we've watched all of the is there
only seven episodes and then this is the
last eighth one over the last two or
three days very very enjoyable though is
just pointed out have logged by the time
you're watching this the weekend has
gone the weekend is over
remember to get early night wake up
fresh with a positive mind Monday
morning and make the week amazing that's
my plan that should be your plan as well
and don't be know that it's Sunday
because it means we'll have fresh in a
week ahead of us to do amazing things
comment down below one nice thing that
you want to do for somebody else to help
somebody else out in some kind of way
this week now that could be as simple as
making your grandmother dinner and
taking over to her and helping her out
that could be that could be some
voluntary work in a
local charity shop there could be
anything just literally whether it's
even helping out your brother assist
with a moment comment down one thing now
plan yeah even complimenting somebody
comment down below one thing that you're
going to do and make sure you do it this
week inspire each other get involved
each others start the conversation I'm
going to read the comments I'm gonna
even reply into a load as well let's try
and smash this video I'm going to set
the bar high thirty-one thousand thumbs
up yesterday's vlog is on twelve
thousand at the moment I want this vlog
right now to be on thirty one thousand
so go down below smash the thumbs up
button I know you guys can I will catch
you tomorrow bright and early I'll let
you know what I thought of the last
episode because I have no idea what to
expect it could be amazing it could get
weird I'll catch you tomorrow
thanks so much for watching I love you
so much I'll see you that doing the same
thing um yeah I'd like to say that a
golden Oreo okay so these look like this
it's basically a custard cream very
disappointing Oh alright them so well
catch you tomorrow
good bite goodnight goodnight goodnight
bye bye
why can't I film you I've got my hand in
the way of the camera am I allowed to
film you from there and down um so you
can't do this
