good morning guys good morning good
morning good morning and welcome back
why I forgot my sunglasses on it is not
that sunny I don't have to have them on
and welcome back to another David well
thank you for joining me today I hope
you're having a lovely evening day
morning whatever time it is when you're
watching this video apparently for the
UK anyway today is the day I don't if
this is true just seen on Twitter and
don't believe everything you see on
Twitter today is the first day of summer
holidays which means that everybody from
the ages of like I don't even know Wendy
Scott start school like 5 to 17 18 now
has a break for summer but that's great
news isn't it because that means that
you guys get to just chill and do what
you want this on me you can go into the
park and play football of your friends
you can go to the beach and some babe if
it's nice and if weather with your
friends you can go shopping you can lay
on the sofa and watch Netflix and chill
and no not like not like that I mean
just Netflix as in Andhra lap what have
I said what have I done anyways I'm just
about to go out and film Pokemon go
episode 4 for my gaming channel I'll
leave a link down below if it's up I'm
not sure when I'm gonna edit it and get
it up and stuff but um but that's what
I'm heading out today that's what I'm
heading out now in the car
zoey is doing something super exciting
she is she told me when I was asleep
this morning when she wasn't even
healthy I'm going out now you're not
allowed to tell your vlog what I'm doing
or where I'm going or what I'm doing it
for just tell miss exciting if you want
to tell them where I am so that's what
I'm telling you anyways should we make a
move I don't know where we're gonna go
and catch these Pokemon I think in the
park first there may be the beach and
just see what happens I'm gonna try and
it's hard to daily vlog and film the
Pokemon go videos in the same day
because the Pokemon go videos are kind
of like going around that plant there
looks like a metapod in my garden the
Pokemon go videos aren't really like
normal gaming videos because you're out
and about you're moving around
anyways running shut up let's get going
let's make a move
you know the car that I went to go and
view in yesterday's video I've just been
looking at them on Google all morning
like they're so beautiful
howdy r8 why did I have to go and look
at them yesterday
I literally just can't stop thinking
about them yo can we talk about how
lovely that car is and there's a learner
driver driver net oh my gosh yeah yeah
yeah okay I need a drink
I'm gonna drink it here I've just
finished filming half of Pokemon go
episode number 4 it went incredibly well
like I've found two Pokemon that are
crazy like one of them I've never ever
seen anybody oh there's another one just
popped up I've never ever seen anybody
half before one of the ones that I just
caught I want to go get some food
because it's currently like 3 o'clock
lunchtime and I haven't even had
breakfast yet but I still cannot stop
thinking or another Pokemon they've all
coming up today I cannot stop thinking
about the Audi r8 like I feel like I
should take zoe's to go and see and see
what she thinks because that car that
car I don't even know if I can get that
car because I've only I haven't been
driving for more than a year yet I'm
gonna do some investigating ok
Oh big June when I get aggressive
hello doggie just come back to grab my
laptop it's finally time to grab the
first coffee of the day although it is
like 4:00 p.m. already I'm yet to have
eaten anything I haven't even had
breakfast yet guys I kind of got a bit
carried away I went in what a veggie
sausage roll they obviously thought is
for two people because I got two
different things
give me two sets of cutlery this is a
treat so cheese something look at that
iced latt√© oh my gosh I'm just checking
out my boy hunters new song I believe it
came out last night at midnight it is
called blind spot have you don't already
know who hunter is you're doing it wrong
I believe Shawn put his song 4 a.m. in
his favorites so I know a ton of you
have been listening to his stuff since
then but if you have an orange at our
hunter and that's hate un t AR where is
this where I parked
wait I know I popped down the other Road
you needs Jack I stuff he is mad he's
just dropped his new song I'll leave a
link down below I will try to I'm the
worst at remembering that I will do my
best to leave a link down below
yo this new song is sick where's my
likkle baby
hey likkle one oh he's so tired you
stretching oh damn you're really tired
aren't ya you're not even excited to get
out of here and see me
there you go come on then little sausage
come on let's take you up for a little
stretch and little run around out here
in the grass should play some football
Nala oh if only you were big enough to
kick it back you're not really that kind
of dog are you even a tennis ball
doesn't fit in your mouth does it you
have to have like a little golf
ball-sized tennis ball we buy miniature
tennis balls for Nala
that she returns don't we it's strange
having a Dave just like planning
actually no I did film a Pokemon so that
feels like so long ago now it's strange
Zoe not being here like all day she's
been busy busy busy working on secret
project stuff have you had yours you
don't even have to say the DUI in an ER
word to her anymore we have to say this
have you had and then she's like oh wait
is this no way is this only one of them
so the other day I let everyone know
that I kind of bought two new kayaks and
the reason why I got two new ones rather
than using the one that I've originally
got is because these runs are blow up so
I can keep them in my car and then just
like foot pump them when they get down
to the beach or wherever I'm gonna use
them instead of having to carry the
whole kayak on top of my actual car
which I don't know how to do I'm going
to be honest
so this here is a blow-up kayak but I
ordered two one for sure than one for me
I don't know what my other one is I
always have bought two life jackets
because of course you've got to be safe
when your kayak in so we're gonna have
to hold out and go and kayak in I was
gonna asked what if he wants to go
tonight won't really work when we've
only got one one-seater kayak yesterday
I completely forgot to vlog these so
everybody that's ever used a camera will
know the brand SanDisk looks like this
you might not heard of it but you would
have seen that branding they basically
make like memory cards and flash drives
and stuff like that for cameras for
people that make things like YouTube
videos like me they're super super
important because this is what this is
what you film with the stores or your
videos then you plug it into your laptop
and then you drag them over and then you
edit the footage they tweeted me a few
times the other day so I followed them
and then they DM me saying yo we've got
like a package we want to send you
another okay cool I can't like guarantee
you that I'm gonna film it like I don't
just film everything people send me but
if you do want to send something there
is a chance there like it could feature
in a daily vlog they obviously took that
as we're going to impress him we're
gonna send him the best stuff that we
got so my normal memory card and I don't
if you guys know much about memory is a
64 gigabyte that is absolutely massive
that store 64 gigabytes of video which
is probably like five or six daily vlogs
worth so I can film for like five days
in a row and enough to empty my memory
card and I can film for another five
days well I didn't even know this
existed they sent me a 512 gigabyte SD
card I will literally not have to wipe
this memory card for like over a month
maybe maybe like a month and a half or
two months that is insane its 4k Ultra
HD speed of ninety five megabytes 512
gigs so I've been using that today and
yesterday it is insane thank you very
much I'm sure that is very expensive and
then you send it to me free they also
sent me this which I've never even seen
anything like this before this is a 240
gigabyte
sandesh extreme 500 have no idea this is
not paid obviously they just sent it for
very portable SSD
high-res photos and video
high-speed storage this last one again
is a product that I didn't even know
existed I don't know how it works I
don't know anything about it I have not
opened it I haven't opened it yet it's
called I I expand flash drive for iPhone
iPad and computers free up space from
your iPhone or iPad automatically backup
your photos and videos wait I'm not
allowed to film you why can't I film you
I've got my hand in the way of the
camera am I allowed to film you from
there and down you can't see that this
is show you I wish you guys could see we
just got the other delivery we've got
the other kayak it's all good
I've just been chanting Louie Cole and
kind of found out that he is level 21 on
Pokemon steve booker is little 20 on
pokemon evan edinger is ever 21 on
pokemon alfie deyes level 16 on Pokemon
literally going out now to level up on
Pokemon the plan for today do not film
Zoey
level up on Pokemon have a good evening
I think that's awesome I think that's
about it knowledge you want to come out
with me or do you want to stay here with
Mummy
not even joking you an Audi r8 just
drove past me
and I I could have sworn the driver must
have known that I want to get one
because he was driving to impress me
let's just say love it with my booster
board has no charge love when I'm not
even in focus there we go just walking
around trying to hatch my eggs on
Pokemon go literally go into the park
just to play pokemon getting into bed
with Zoey spend in the Friday evening
watching stranger things we're currently
about to begin episode 3 we watch one
two days ago then the second one
yesterday and now one Episode three it
is very very good I said a few times in
the vlogs if you haven't seen it go
check it out it is incredibly well not
incredibly but it is quite scary and she
literally did you see on just women a
guy said I'm so glad I'm not watching it
by myself or so I can film you now can I
never know now you will know soon Zoey's
blog today it's not gonna be gone up for
a while is that amusing not soon in the
future you will know what's been going
on today and why we can film her and why
shouldn't go out in public in case you
bumped into some of you guys but and
yeah we're about to watch some strange
things
nyle is with us as well fast asleep oh
that's a bomb that's all gonna fall that
was a head there's your little head
she's so tired today
alright you ready to play
or it's ridiculous and there's the new
one in red oh my gosh all right the guys
just giving us oh my gosh look at the
handle on that that's obscene
