let's go downstairs
why are you watching good morning guys
good morning good morning we've just
watched another episode Oh was that my
mouth no I don't feather we've just
watched episode 2 of stranger things and
it is really good like really good it's
on Netflix all I want to do is just stay
in bed today watching more and more and
more I don't even know is there any one
season out so far Zoe oh there's only
one season out so far
but a lot is their bed or getting up
because today poppy is planned for us
all to go strawberry picking I'm then
Saul be picking or any like kind of
picking since I was like 12 years old or
something so hopefully it's gonna be
good it's a pretty lovely day to get a
nicer a nicer
mark still here Shawna poppier coming so
he's coming I'm going I just need to get
up and actually get ready I need to have
a shower now let should we get up
not as already up it's just me I'm the
only one back in bed alright get your
little tag off yeah going in my blog oh
good
of course it is alright I've got to get
this shower
come and join us everybody today we're
off raspberry and strawberry picking
mark thanks for going coconut picking
and banana picking can't do that in this
country buddy bananas do we need a
jumper now we don't need a jumper zoe is
wearing the most strawberry picking
outfit I've ever seen anybody wear the
most strawberry picking outfit oh my
gosh strawberries raspberries and all of
the rest you can pick mine stew peas
broccoli look coconuts you can pick your
own I could be my own cause yeah they're
coconuts bananas you can pick your own
coconut I love that here we go thanks so
much
has everyone got their little planet
girl cheers matey Cheers
so apparently this sign is telling us
that the best crop today the
strawberries then beetroot carrots
broccoli cauliflower and cabbage then
broad beans peas munch - and everything
even gooseberries
they've even got gooseberries here
everybody guys are we gonna walk or are
we gonna get the tractor okay let's walk
I do want to get the tractor journey
even if we just go in a big loop every
single Instagram gal Instagram model has
taken a picture in one of these fields
and now like four or five YouTube you
people have found one everyone is going
in I don't know what kind of crop it is
whether it's a corn or wheat or
something are you loving it yeah yeah
did you get any pics pop yeah that's
what pop in Sean have run through some
like opening in the bushes ah this is so
cool look at this this is at the best
place to come with your family on like
the weekend red currants are you allowed
to just try one before I pick a lot my
ladder Wow oh my god that's so good
really sharp try one oh wow I love it
Zoey try one oh good old loganberries
because everyone knows what they aren't
they
definitely this try this ah doesn't look
very ready that one hmm I'm scared to
try that excuse me do you know if this
one's ready absolutely not no let me
find you a product luckily I didn't eat
that one
laughs however it's just amazing
thank you because we've got so many yeah
that was really good
and that is why you don't go through
picking with me it was a really dark
purple they did the slide yeah that buzz
was like definitely not the mistake that
really yeah that would be ready mine was
like pretty dark he's yeah go for it are
you look filling your little thing
already
yeah I haven't done any of just Ian I've
got a camera well found a camera I've
only like tried one of each crop so far
I haven't actually picked any two to
keep apparently this is a gooseberry
we've just found I don't know if I trust
it
it's not spy it looks like you but it's
not I'm gonna eat it go on
I just found it in the middle of this
bush no don't eat yet we're in the gauge
me filming no joke yeah it's one of the
best thing that ever happened
no it's not I'm going in on one then
there's another one back here hi then
the plants are so spiky watch out you
gone for it you don't like it there yeah
oh good it's weird don't come for a sec
come on the only issue is I'm still yet
to have any berries in here I've just
tried one of everything I try them
before you buy them truly er there's so
many good gooseberries on this one
yeah thanks tingly or just put it in
there
the plant is so spikey itself I should
have bought some gloves with me I'll go
after bloody plant with mine yeah oh
here you go there's oh there's a loads
of really good ones in here like really
good ones but I can't get them fill up
in the crystal babies there look at that
are we meant to wash them as well before
we eat them because we're kind of just
going in aren't we
ah Thomas yeah I wasn't even
exaggerating then it just went down in
my skin I'm getting that one God not
giving up good one Sean's making friends
over there fellow berry pickers what did
she say what did she say that you don't
eat them raw no she was like you might
have a sore tummy later no no seriously
I'm not lying to you what'd you do with
them it's fine that they're different
colors because the lady you're speaking
green ones but we've just been informed
we can have 13 tommy's I don't even now
to cook a gooseberry and now people to
these guys so we gonna kill are we going
to pull ourselves in the car on the way
home look at these pumpkins not quite
ready yet or can we go through there Oh
whoa there's the girls how's the picking
going we got lots
we've just been eating gooseberries not
realizing that you have to cook them so
they said Oh penny we might get ill
that's good
you've got so many have you tried them
yet
currently taking pictures for Zoey's
blog which is going to look insane
because this place is so photographic
we're now picking plums like little plum
trees around us
yeah I love plums these ones look quite
green though Oh No wow you got the cam
take some pick for them look at this one
I feel bad like picking it off the tree
we're getting there guys starting to
fill up my my little pun it let me see
yours pop oh oh you blew me joking me
let go crap mine looks now go on go on
Marx's from the biggest blackberry in
the world go and eat that it's massive
so good that's what we missed out on we
definitely should have gotten there run
Shawn quick jump on it we just bumped
into two people to watch our videos he
got here in such a corner way than us
instead of driving one of them sidewalk
trailers right yeah just cycled whilst
one and it doesn't Jazmin held on the
back of the bike with a penny board yeah
right we're gonna hand in our little
pinettes
we're gonna get some new ones to go and
get some vegetables we're gonna keep on
going
got myself a magnum double caramel and a
likkle IB now literally my favorite
I swear magnums against smaller and
smaller or I'm gonna get bigger and
bigger that is a very small Magnum poppy
is a grumpy Poppy's a grumpy grumpy pop
big grumpy grumpy poppy where do you
come from
with comfy poppy gum big lumpy bumpy can
somebody make a song and link me on
Twitter called grumpy poppy if you're a
singer you're a musician feel free to
get your friends involved make a sick
track maybe even a diss track called
grumpy poppy be much appreciated
whatever you wanna yeah with a video to
match it be appreciated by everybody a
set from poppy poppy grumpy grumpy poppy
come on pop sing along whoo
what's that it's grumpy bumpy oh what's
that
it's grumpy poppy poppy oh my god
it's a bloody courgette look at the size
of that cause yet but I mean poppy you
could make some good cause Yeti
spaghetti with all of this you love that
healthy stuff don't you with your spear
eliezer or whatever it's called they're
bloody size of that as a big old boy is
weighty as well I lost everyone was
looking oh there you are
avoid lost everyone was looking for
cause yeah
raspberry's that's pretty nice breeze is
there just when I got a load of
raspberries the lovely people here
watched our videos so they just gave us
everything for free how insane like
we've got so many punnets that was so
lovely of them look at all of this this
one's my one I think so I got like 10
plums that's the one now I don't feel so
bad about eating loads as well as we're
walking around because we're going to
open free anyway so thank you so much
but what's this place called round stone
pick your own farm man highly recommend
say hello to the lovely girls from there
on the counter when you walk in and out
they just hooked us all up oh yeah I'm
at a marathon these guys are doing some
planking photos you know the girls that
I met earlier on in the vlog we were
talking about them on the bike with the
penny board we've would just left now
we've just driven past them and we're
about to go past them again so just run
bobbies grumpy right we've just arrived
at Garden Center for lunch we've come to
good old Haskins garden center good old
pizza that's why we've come we have an
actually something joint Jenga
we happen to collagen to come gardening
we haven't come to buy any furniture
we've come to get pizza to get more
pizza and more pizza the restaurant
they've literally got a pizza oven that
is why we come here I told you this
place does the best hot chocolate in the
world
this is puppy I think it might help that
the woman who made it just said that she
loves my videos so thank you
if you're watching the amazing hot
chocolate you just made me is incredibly
impressive look at that Oh
oh my god literally like in a bowl the
pizzas are ready look at that how happy
this looks amazing
okay
so he's got little time that's happening
over there looking at cacti and plants
and stuff like that so I thought I just
come and lie down this is so comfy this
thing is amazing
I'll go live tonight I get it I'll go on
in tonight
this song she's been asking me where's
my baby are you my baby yes you are yes
you are yes you are my little piglet
because you look like a little piggy
a set from you've got a poker face your
body looks like a little pig I'm sorry
I'm sorry
you guys are my babies - they're so
obsessed with that little carrot thing
that we bought them Zoe that has to be
one of the best purchases ever
they love their current house it's so
amazing right I'll see you guys in a
minute
so my dream car is called an Audi r8 and
my friend ASA
his girlfriend got a new car today and
they were in the Audi place which is
like in Brighton and he's an athlete
they have an Audi all right here you
need to come and check it out and I'm
like don't I can't I just got a new car
in January he's after you need to come
and see it
so these women told the man who works in
our shop though I'm going to come down
to go and look at the Audi r8 and you
know I'm already good to do a bit we've
been out still be picking all day
so I've got to 7:30 and it's currently
643 to go and look at this Audi alright
so I need to go pick up my friend Acer
and then we're gonna go look at this car
but I have no intention of buying it
this is nothing to do with me he set me
up but but it's my dream car so I'm
gonna have to go never look you know an
Audi r8 looks like let me show you this
is what the car looks like that's it in
matte black the one that I'm looking at
is in silver oh my god just quite here
Ave sir this is the car that we're
looking at everybody
oh it's ridiculous and there's the new
one in red oh my gosh
alright the guys just giving us oh my
gosh look at the handle on that that's
obscene the guys just getting us there
like it used to come another look
there's not even a back it's so
ridiculous yeah have you seen the front
have you seen like that but you've seen
the sides a bit big I went I went in an
I ate you know the BMW i8 that looks
like really like Tron style when I write
in Prague the other day for this event
you guys saw him on here I am they pick
me up in an ia and I was all gonna put
my bag in the back he opened their like
the boot bit on the front whatever it
was wouldn't even fit my rucksack is
that small okay I'll just keep it with
me boy this is ridiculous
so you just come down to the beach this
lighting Zoey is incredible like you
said you can just see like every blemish
on my skin this is not good just join
Devin who is like the Pokemon master
yeah level 21 10 points hard works and
hook up call the pier looks as well
he'd Omega Pokemon strategy yeah a
five-kilometer look bro my flat it has
five gems and so I go around and I take
each one and you get your eggs done at
the same time it's a great strategy use
the lucky egg while battling as well
don't let experiences it's good except
that you know people have now taken them
over and I only have two pounds you just
come out for dinner come to the salmon
special linguini and of course like old
times we've gone for the blank weren't
you hungry they've headed back home Oh
yours looks good you like a suit we're
literally the last people in here I feel
bad thank you so much thank ya that was
such a lovely evening just turning off
all the lights
oh you can't really see me already turn
off all the lights my hair it's all over
the place because from where the Hat all
day all right I'm all tucked up in bed
guys I'm gonna end the vlog I cannot
stop thinking about that car I want that
car in black more than any other car in
the world that is like my dream car an
Audi r8 and ASA Freeman booked me in or
not booked me told the guy that I'd come
down and
looky there now looked at it that's all
I can think about
I literally anyways I'm gonna go sleep
and dream of that car give the video a
thumbs up if you enjoyed it too jump a
fun day zooey yeah I had such a lovely
day and I've caught some good Pokemon
tonight as well I'll catch you tomorrow
subscribe if you haven't already I'll
see you then
good bye
