you turn another lights on and it's
certainly don't what you know the
Christmas lights you movie Christmas
time
Jess come on it would be got a meaty
mm-hmm iced coffee do I need a coat
Ben my car see you later
oh my gosh good morning guys good
morning can't see anything how you doing
it's currently not it's not even 7:00
a.m. it feels like I'm going on a
holiday you know and you get up in the
middle of the night to go to the airport
to catch a weird flight and like 4:00
a.m. oh that's a bit better okay attempt
number two go into the otter as you know
last week I filmed a video on this
channel in collaboration with direct
line and who I've been working with for
so long now we're making some really
really cool stuff today we are filming
another video for dark line but this
time instead of from my channel it's
actually for their channel got up super
early to make it happen because I want
it to be the best possible I mean it
would be rude if I didn't do a cheeky
morning backflip I've either did how
it's gonna be oh my gosh it's so wet
this could be the best decision ever the
best way to wake myself up or this could
be the worst decision and I slip on the
soaking wet oh like unbelievably wet and
break my leg before I film this video
let me take my bag off it's got to be
done
you got a commit you want something in
life you got a bloody just do it you
know Oh get that morning stretching on
that you worry this is so wet
hey okay let's go let's go
we've just just finished up filming the
video together just get some breakfast
now it's literally like half past 9:00
in the morning and I've already filmed
left over the whole video I wanna get
coffee I want to get this drink and I
also want to get a sausage this looks so
good
there's more people working on the gym
today I've just sat down to have called
my lawyer and my finance guys as I'm the
first one in to the call I've been put
on hold
hey hey hey what what do you stand here
and close your eyes
yeah keep them closed I'm gonna open the
gym because all the floors been done
today it's starting to look like a
proper gym you ready there you go wow
it's looking good isn't it I said it's
like a proper gym it literally is the
dark sooty moss it's empty before we get
gym equipment in here it starts arriving
next week we get to massive pieces here
that's good there's no it's done really
nicely yeah yeah so I'm gonna be working
out in here seven days a week yeah I
know I need a big TV up on this wall
here so I can follow some fitness
workouts follow some bleep machines oh
my shoes are making it dirty
see you soon I'll be working out soon
and now I said that I was going to
concentrate as much as possible on the
vlogs in progress but today the day part
of the day was pretty much right off
we've been working our butts off on TCS
back-end stuff like the crane to store
stuff like paying all of the people with
a signed up like like Zoe Joe Louie
Tania Evan myself
sawing out all of the payments and
everything like that to happen before
Christmas finance boring finance
back-end meetings you know lawyer stuff
accounting stuff it's the evening now
Zoe and I both want a proper chill so
we've come out for a nice romantic
dinner I think we're going to go to
Franklin banker is it mango Bangkok
Franco Bangkok
I could do either of those which is oh
look at that
sorry for inconvenience the bridge is
closed why is the bridge closed
oh we purposely parked right next to the
level with the bridge on her and then
after dinner tonight we are off to go
and see Paddington - at the cinema which
I'm excited about I let you watch Japan
- one how long about a week ago a month
ago there was not month guys about a
week ago two weeks ago three weeks ago
see you in a minute
I left my phone in the car now I'm
having to run back match Logan :
you know repping the YouTube gang yeah I
go away for two minutes so he's got the
bloody bottles of wine out
it's not really guys its water so he
doesn't drink this is more than what
I've ever wanted this is literally my
favorite starter I could possibly have
my mains have arrived looks insane my
beat sir
I went for a weird one that I've never
tried before anything it has no tomato
on it has pesto instead or wild boar and
potatoes as oh he's gone for margarita
that would extra caramelized onion I
think these are the only takeaway is the
screen down here oh no maybe it's there
that is exactly what I want but no the
new Jim has come in none of that I could
get angle wise blast they is heavy I
love it earlier on I told Zoe that
there'd be six people in here was my
guess one two three four five six seven
eight damn it lost two people wrong 20
minutes
I feel like about a nap and I've got
energy I like a 10-minute now it was
quite a long film as oh it's so
energetic no the theme that was long was
the adverts beforehand will a half an
hour I thought they were like 20 minutes
you guys on these videos have made me a
little tenser can we live like that
before maybe a little 10 second one in
between just then at the cinema two hour
movie had half an hour that's like that
movie was nearly the length of one of
your videos some of us go to bed but
I've just realized that I haven't opened
my little pony advent calendar today
what is it today
Oh a it's a little gingerbread man hmm
if I could purchase all of the not out
of date but just unsold in the correct
time advent calendars meaning in January
if there's any leftover in the
supermarkets and stuff and obviously
they'd find it hard to sell them because
I mean not many people not many people
would want an advent calendar in January
I said for me but good I blooming love
that chocolate if I could buy them super
cheap discounted in January I would
assure do that I need to put up my
bottle get some water
again to bed I've just been editing this
video and I realize that I didn't even
end the vlog I ended it with some bit
along the lines of light y'all I'm gonna
fill up my water bottle and then I'm
gonna go to bed and that was it good to
actually say thank you for watching
subscribe if you're not already give the
video a thumbs up all of that good stuff
so hope you did enjoy the view in the
morning good night guys
