good morning guys good morning we are
kicking today's vlog off a little bit
later than usual because I've been stuck
in meetings all day all day all day oh
and actually this morning when I woke up
the boiler decided to just not work so
Zoey spent like an hour this morning
trying to fix it on a sorter we have no
idea what this is like then I was about
to show you the boiler cupboard it's
like there's more in cupboard in the
house but um yeah we didn't want some of
this so I've actually got a friend one
of my really really good friends
erroneously phones like three years old
called a son he's coming over right
about now like any time to to come and
try and fix where you go missing to come
and try and fix the boiler for us
because we've had no hot water so this
morning to have to get dressed and ready
and everything we had to go over to my
mom's house and shower there we've got a
guest over but I should let you know
before I show you who it is that I did
not say this they haven't got poked one
I know I know guys I feel you
he hasn't got the bloke on app he will
have by the time he leaves don't you
worry I'm gonna download it on his phone
whilst he's asleep that's no point of it
how am I gonna walk what do mean yeah
you have to go out and find the Pokemon
you edit in your blog how goodbye yes
that might slit you just upload it now
how good no yes those dogs because we
have they base it like the barbecue and
mortify if you have an Origin see here
did you get any shots of like the
throwing water pouring water you arrived
was it more before I arrived looking
sure that what Sean get popping here
ah oh my god what the pounds for tonight
are they going to the pub yeah yeah
you haven't been to don't mope up have
you yeah oh yes you did our place rules
around a big breakfast yeah yeah I think
we should go doesn't it just feel like a
weekend or a Friday like we just had a
meeting and the two people that came
over for the meeting when they left
we always have meetings with the
modified and they left them like its
width and it's not a Friday
it just feels and you've got no weekend
no I was basically these guys have no
idea about it I was meant to be going to
LA tomorrow morning at 11:15 was my
flight and it just didn't work out
happening and stuff and I'm gonna going
to be doing some future the thing that
are meant to do that I'm gonna still be
doing but not in LA in the future so I
was meant to go for four days and now
I'm just got four days to chill or not
you I've still got I still got tons of
stuff I can be doing me feel the videos
and everything but I thought I was gonna
be away for four days and now I'm not
gonna be away and I only found that last
night and like a p.m. ma you're gonna be
a bit cold in there man the boots and
jeans it's really cold outside you're
gonna be quite cold Oh Missy you're
gonna stay here you're gonna stay here
and go in your little pen good sleep why
what's the matter
go on then get your vlog out get your
vlog hours just gonna say what though in
this vlog I am yet to have breakfast or
lunch like I said to you we had a very
eventful morning with no hot no hot
water
my friend ASA just came over and he's
now ordered a part that our boiler that
was broken with our boiler I dunno he's
like a plumber electrician
so he's sorting it all out for us he's
made the hot water work for now but like
via a different a different way a duck
again I don't have a clue but we've just
popped out we're going to go for deer
now we're going to our a new favorite
place which is called the dyke pub and
kitchen here we go I have no idea which
egg is about hatch it could be a 2k 5k
or 10k let's see what it is so annoying
I never get anything good another one
you're joking me
shut up gone come on come on oh that's
annoying as well I've already got here
dammit I don't know if this is a joke or
not this is my third egg let's see what
we get come on come on
oh my this is literally a job that is so
annoying
ah no more so somebody in this pup I'm
guessing here was just fighting this gym
knocked it all the way down so it didn't
have a color so I just put my Pokemon in
there I just stole their gym
oh my smart doing what is the update or
are you doing he's downloading Pokemon
get that tripod hello are you doing this
Shawnee coming yes somebody's made an
entire edit of just moments when papi is
grumpy oh my gosh
um so it's got 9 it's got seven thousand
views it's called grumpy papi assassins
got seven thousand views left
let's go grumpy papi days here he is
he's joined dejoy - got white in his
hands
what did you say now I just research how
much for some presents emails nice tell
me bro maybe so you bought the blow-up
guys is it have to wait until tomorrow's
Amazon Prime or that turns up we're
going on tomorrow
Esther so please make sure I may avoid
it
do I tell you guys yeah everyone in the
public a guys of course something to
omit Zoe doesn't even know this I then
have to film everyone's reaction up
films oh yeah sure I'm Abe ordered tuna
kayaks last night I don't ever blow up
wait sure it's just asked me know or so
why wait listen listen I only - wait
guys guys guys guys guys
I even bought two black life jackets
like a canoe
I'll show you picture the one that I
bought every time our eyes is so much
big thank you so much
but that's your starter how do you feel
I'm gonna die this is right the best
place to come is that pod this is our
starter if it works squidman all inland
Whitman Jones mark you've also got the
biggest burger in the world oh yeah
thank you
I go for a chicken burger we forgot to
do Marmite Cheers
how the gods ask for it they're just
normal forgot next time burger burger
nachos burger Pete's grumpy Bobby she
didn't go for any I forgot to order
yours but would you I didn't write it
down
look they've stopped serve out vampy
right now
there we go sorry what happened
name forward to reach into the nachos
now you've got bad pilling your boobs oh
no oh no
look who's driving u-turn u-turn go and
get that going
get that three-point turn how many point
I need in day three three or five what
time 11:00 o'clock Bobby's just seen the
time that she'll it's you when I guess
hmm
get me out of here 11 o'clock yeah
Malibu it's really hard
Oh blow me now you're right that you
need some help love why is they talk Oh
what have you got
let me see you sit down show daddy I'm
in a madhouse
guys let's lit your way let me see it
Bobby that's massive Oh Dee what's this
one
poke just wait 10 more minutes why you
need to go tidy you need an early night
why what you doing tomorrow morning yeah
but to do what you doing why both hide
in markings I think they're funny trying
to hide for me I don't trust them
they're probably on the other side of
the bed or in here I did scare me
actually I was getting to say all in
there you guys bloody pranksters Frank
my god
we're just going to bed and we're about
to watch what's this called
stranger things stranger things which is
apparently like a new series or
something on Netflix might not be no
problem Jordan just told us to check it
out and watch it and it looks pretty
scary your
we're about to watch episode 1 I'll let
you know how is quick update it's like
an alien horror pretty scary thing so
far it's kind of scary like more scary
than I thought it was gonna be I didn't
I don't think papi had bought something
this scary only a couple of minutes into
her episode 1 down what do you think it
was so good
what did that go it's good I know I
think it was really good
well though you want to know what's
happened the ending was so intense how
many episodes are there papi watch like
6 today she said so that's like 15
minutes long yeah yeah that was long I
felt like it was a film yeah yeah I know
I'm gonna end the road guys I think
we've been do it today and all I say
today it's kind of just this evening
because of the meetings and everything I
have today so tell me the next day yes
also that 1 a.m. I enjoyed it yeah oh
god strawberry picking into economist
you can come in - yeah give the video
thumbs up if you enjoyed that what the
hell look outside by the tree but if I
catch you tomorrow guys goodbye goodbye
goodbye goodbye just before the vlog
ends so and I thought we'd watch
something a little bit more calm before
we go to sleep look how high watchin
whoo
