good morning guys good morning good
morning and welcome to another beautiful
day like the most beautiful day so far
look at that completely blue it is so
amazing that I woke up to a text from
Sean saying let's go stand-up
paddleboarding let's rent paddle boards
and do them when people stand up and
they're like this I don't know ever
that's going to happen or not purely
because we don't own paddle board so
we'd have to rent them as well and I
don't have so many swimming stuff on me
I got a couple of GoPros I'm about just
in case we end up doing it
I'm currently just walking up to go and
get a coffee for the rest of my family
who all in town this morning handy
together but I was in some meetings I
see how it is all hanging out without me
oh I was too late for breakfast
I didn't even get a chance to grab a
coffee or anything so I'm gonna have to
get one on the go we're now popping off
to go get some ice cream just had a
pictures and met tons of you guys from
my flat pool from New Zealand from no
way but from Hong Kong Wow
you guys all out inviting today because
the weather is out that is why the Sun
that's why the Sun no okay the way that
is on par
look at Zoey's outfit look at that she's
loving it I bought ang a blueberry
cheesecake ice cream and I didn't even
get one myself
sorry bought a liter a liter got it all
for me so in yesterday's video I told
you about this new company that's
launching soon I had a load of phone
calls and like meetings and stuff about
it this morning still planning the
website and I sit here I got that on
camera what are you guys doing wait I
can't hear you very well one sec there
we go what are you doing no you're not
I'm literally sitting here doing emails
and emails and emails and it turns out
there's only four being sure and having
a water pipe at home right now Papi's
FaceTime in your little tepee looks
insane
we've literally just having the biggest
watch my pliers and a cold bar and we
are drenched have you guys got good food
I'm so hungry
okay I need to just finish working on
this and then I can get a grip Anton
slam dead guys I'm working okay I will
come soon let me just finish up there
you're such an idiot
uh I'll be there just after 3:00 let's
have a barbecue all right I'll see you
in a bit
good bye see you soon the BAE BAE BAE
BAE BAE
it's quarter past four I've let you blog
nothing all I've done all day is just
sit in my laptop and on the phone I'm
flying to emails answering phone calls
and stuff like that so and it is so hot
I can't even what would each it was 29
29 degrees in brighter recently I've
been sent Oh such lovely weather today
and it is lovely weather but it's like a
bit too lovely like I need a swimming
pool or something when it gets this hot
yeah and said right now she would
volunteer to do the ice bath challenge
but if we had the bath in this office
you would have wanted to say that
because I would have went and bought the
ice cubes but unfortunately not barking
yeah
forgive me
Oh
we are gonna brew tea here
you know are saying about Shawn's idea
of going paddleboarding this afternoon
actually a brilliant idea
like a warm down mate I cannot think of
anything right now that would be better
than getting in the sea getting in any
cold water I'm like tonight I don't want
to be that one that one British person
that always complains that it's too cold
and then when it finally gets nice
weather they complain that it's too nice
weather but today that's me just is just
it's me anyways we're heading back home
now to go I see this TP / BBQ set up the
puppy Shan and so we have done at home I
think it's going to be really really
good knowing those guys they probably
have gone and bought everything
delicious and they're just going to be
like going absolutely over the top
oh man the cables gone yes
you guys have probably moved everything
oh that's the sickest game look at this
everybody we've got a property P like a
table out here this is awesome
is this cool Nala isn't this cool
look at this cool suit surface did you
where did you go - where's your us know
fresco thank you first no way but I need
to edit my vlog I need to get this out
the way because it has to be up in four
minutes
it's crumbling and take like an hour
then stuck on the the emails all day
just finish editing up the vlog finally
neither what you barking at come here
are the neighbors are getting in their
car look how cute this is you having a
good time barbecue is in full swing
oh that's a cool little sausage thing oh
boy waitress that's amazing you can also
see at the same time I just turned eight
no sir just wanted tip ten dollars
helping just show some kind of support
like oh there we go now our nimpah mom
is here as well now and both the doggies
hey mate Hey look at all the food looks
not yet we have to wait for the barbecue
to be done oh my gosh
go show and get ya be all ready for you
go show get go get high that's great Oh
mom's good at this like she's good at
badminton just like weirdly good and
don't know how no it's just a mom thing
you just shouldn't be good at stuff like
this you ha ha for fears the worst
anything like this so he's already onto
the marshmallows I haven't even heard of
sausage yet and you're already on the
dessert you corn I'm inside I'm inside
you can okay wait wait let me load up
wait so you want to close your laptop no
no like my closes again yeah well I want
to be in a position to film your both no
no no I'm going to the cinema and your
camera's gonna get wet sorry
don't come near me Zoey go away go away
go
I even go inside now haven't you got tap
out here yeah where the hose is Shawn's
what the hose out is cheating you know
water pistols
like this you dry it dry it dry it I may
or may not have soaked Zoe's camera it's
fine though it's all still working yeah
it's still working yeah yeah I just I
just fully dried it all out and checked
it all but they're both going to team me
I can just tell he's just filled that up
look out look at him
why it's dripping all on the floor at
the end mommy let me come and sit next
to you then they come then they go at me
I'm safe just no that's not good
don't mom can't get wet cause she's
going to the cinema
oh I want a guy and she finding Dory
legacy at fab save me
I say no Shawn no my camera my god ah
Zoe we're a team
we are you threw the bucket on me first
do you not remember mom save me
look at Shawn sitting inside with the
water God you guys are cheat and I just
want to eat that's all I want to do
we're having a family Pokemon
competition well you need to get out now
go now run away go why did he jumping up
aha goodbye mom see you later
oh hey babe I bye-bye see you later
buddy boy your sleep there did you see
my blog the other day when you're asleep
with the cup on your head oh what's
going on here before we pop out I will
go green I was gonna go pink upon when
behind there I want to get a little bit
I don't know what any of the other
flavors are neither do I in on that so
castle arrow misty you're gonna stay
here you got a nice cold drink
you got your llama friend you just have
a little nap yeah Papi's headed back
home because she's got some work to do
and then early start tomorrow working
out and we're gonna head off to the lil
place
you know I know I know you about date
January knit 20 no not that one that's
Papi's I don't know how my thing is
maybe 20 nights yeah January huh 20 year
pretty fast
yeah you said 20 years it's 20 fast
isn't it yup yup yup I know that we're
gonna head off you don't yes those was
the night you said just finding some
time by myself tonight
relaxing Zoey saw that place in my video
and in my snapchats and something was
like what I want to go there and because
I've never actually been there before
obviously I haven't been there before so
we're gonna drive up there now there's a
polka stop there's nicely put down and
just action Pokemon
oh and kill as a jogging at the same
time should we head up then
did I still care but no you still hurt
my phone isn't it awesome
so just peaceful and the best thing see
this like I don't know what it is
this thing here lighthouse that is a
poker stop so you can put a lure on it
yep when I came yesterday there's four
people sitting on the little bench over
there all playing Pokemon can you see it
oh my god Shawn this is where we should
bring my kayak you know I bought a kayak
ages ago Jonathan this is where we
should bring out
I bought this drink from home I'm finish
drinking it yeah right putting that down
there Webb see who can knock it over
fast we have to take turns and see who
can knock it over one gone she know oh
he did knock it off though that's so
annoying that was good
here we go
ah yeah
round two we've had a relaxing evening
pokemon still not working
it doesn't matter we're heading back now
and we're going to go for a pokemon
mission on the way home look how cute
this little places you run in to catch a
Pokemon is that why you're running and
know it hope we've been looking for
magma for so long and we just got in
we've literally walking out here trying
to find him we knew he was close by but
we didn't know where that's kind of like
the first coconut she looks oh I'm so
happy we got him have you got two of
them on your map yeah I don't have to
know I've only got one level 14 level 14
oh man and I got a load of Pokemon
around us guys if you're coming to spend
and I know this wasn't you guys who
literally watching this video but just
future reference feel there's like bins
here if you're coming to spend time down
at the beach or a park look at all of
that clear up your rubbish that's so not
cool like they take the time out of the
day to enjoy the facilities of like
really nicely kept clean cut grass
and then just absolutely take the mick
and leaving all their rubbish around
always clear up after yourself
fun fact a little thing that I was told
when I was younger
always leave whatever it is wherever you
are as you found it or better you want
to be nice same time yeah why don't you
bring your lawn mower and helping them
trim it over seriously guys if you ever
go to a park or beach or somewhere pick
up your crap it's yours hey shoot at you
outside I mean the good thing is I had
to lit the same size I mean the good
thing is I'm asleep look ahead size
difference I'm gonna end the vlog now
everybody thank you so much for
following us around today have a good
day yeah I had such a good day and we
found some good Pokemon as well this
evening and I bought some new
microphones I haven't shown you guys
they're like little clip-on microphones
for when Zoey and I start our new sims 4
series what are we going to do that well
we can do it now we've got the mics
you're a bully
alright I'll see you tomorrow guys give
the video a thumbs up if you enjoy that
go down below give it a thumbs up how
many sure they try and get thirty
thousand there we go
you heard it here fast catch you
tomorrow goodbye goodbye goodbye goodbye
goodbye goodbye I have to be so careful
with this I'm shining on the wall by the
way that I don't shine it where
aeroplanes are
