good morning guys it's Monday morning
we're in Brighton we're driving along
the beach and the weather is just
incredible
like I literally I know I comment on the
weather a lot but I actually don't
remember that the last time that the
weather were this was like this good
like it is incredible I wish I could
show you but I'm driving I need to try
and change lane let me nip in there
thank you so much money
oh sure I'm legit by the ocean that that
might not even be the lyrics but I think
I think it's at that he's name of your
song are you ready to go underground
we're going to the carpark I used to be
so scared when I first passed I was so
scared of the thought of going into car
parks I just thought it's like a trap
like oh yeah wow that was dark with them
on
the other day.i parts so far away from
this thing I had to open the door and
get out the car
it's so embarrassing doo-doo-doo-doo you
have to improv guys when you're down in
a car park you don't get any signal for
the radio so yeah after you sing to
yourself that space is so good but it is
literally the farthest space away that
you can possibly I can't park there
that's so far away from we have to walk
in no don't steal it don't steal it
thank you so much literally just drive
into it oh my gosh let's go and have a
productive day I can't literally can't
get out this side mmm let me just move
my car a little bit look at that sky
look at it I'm feeling like we need to
either go and get a coffee to wake us up
get us going today all we need to go and
get a juice well maybe we need to get
both
so I've been in the office now for a
couple of hours it is 20 minutes to 1:00
in the it's lunch time we went we always
end up eating lunch at like 3 or 4
o'clock so we should actually go and get
some lunch on time I've got a massive
list or 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 things that we
have to do today and Jenai to work on
and so far we've got two and a half I've
just realised that I meant to be at home
in 18 minutes to help Zoey film the new
video and just on the call letter so I'm
finding a little bit late she's not
answering one of the things we're
working on I want to start I can't fully
introduce into the blocks because I'm
not allowed to talk about it just yet
but I'm basically working on a new
company that I'm making and it's gonna
be involving other youtubers it's really
really cool you guys are gonna like it I
know you guys are gonna love it is
something that you guys have wanted to
happen for so long and I suppose I'm
just trying to like spark the flame but
other youtubers for it to be possible
for them yeah I'm probably samarkand
talking about the rubbish at the moment
but it's exciting at the moment I'm just
writing down and roaring and trying I'm
like the worst design you guys know I
can't draw after all but I'm about to
try and start drawing and designing the
website not because I'm actually gonna
make it and like we've got a designer
who's gonna actually make and design the
website don't worry but when it comes to
things like this I'm quite fussy about
how I want everything exactly to look in
the exact colors and yeah so I'm gonna
this is what we did with like my
calendar i sat down with poppy number
2016 calendar that I released and I
designed all of that by hand and drew it
all poppy and they sent it for it to
design it's like making reality to make
it work Poppy's website we both sat down
you guys know my sisters about the blog
poppy days calm we both sat down and
Sean as well and Zoe and we like threw
it all out and staff and poppy poppy is
amazing at that stuff and she like
designed all of her own website and then
sent it to a designer to help her do
and now I'm gonna sit down with Ange I'm
just making loads of notes of things
that need to be included into the
website but I just want to let you know
because when it launches
I think it's launching in like is it
next month
yeah it's meant to be launching next
month so I am so when the website
launches you guys will know that how
long I've been working on it for like
how long can work on this too much
longer than that so when it launches and
that I can tell you guys everything
about it which is so exciting you guys
will know that I've had input even into
as far as designing the website I would
have done with Andrew both of us just
sat down literally paper and pencils and
pens and whiteboards and yeah that is
what we're up to today we're designing a
website working on a new company that's
launching soon and by and I need to go
by phone charger that is number one on
the list and one of this it's going to
get a portable phone charger so that
when I play pokemon my phone doesn't die
because I keep on kind of record like
new Pokemon episodes and stuff and my
phone back - he just dies in life a
minute and the servers go down I don't
know
rule number three number three on the
list it says take more PB merge pictures
so you guys know my PB Murch Instagram
we love updating it really regularly ang
and I would like pictures and stuff like
that all of all of the merchandise but I
need to take some new ones and you take
some new pictures also if you guys have
any of my merch take some pictures put
all your creativity into making amazing
beautiful bitches and tag us on the PB
merchants fam and we were like we gram
that's the right word and Twitter and
will likely glam retweet and some of
that share some of your less stuff and
we'll take you and everything of course
that's the plan for today got lots of
different things or new emails coming in
lots of different things to be working
on just wanted to update ya
and I meant to be home in 14 minutes
help Zoey film 20 minutes past 3:00 and
we've just got a Wagamama switch I am so
happy about Ivan had a wagon on this and
will not this write numbers in there
this is a yaki udon which is one of my
favorite wagon on the dishes but I
always forget about Jeff and never go
for it whenever we get a wagon mother's
sure here has worn up just working on
some did you just turn the shower as
well and yeah just cracking on with
stuff grinding with the making of videos
and stuff we've left the office pretty
early today I think the time is like
fast at nights four o'clock it's four
o'clock we are off to town this is
literally what I want it what is it
showing Angeles the other day that's so
cool so when you skip in front of you
and lights it tells you how many to get
you done that's so cool it's so sick I'm
gonna go I don't know what size this one
is though yeah sorry you get different
size it's an extension
that's the like there it you can get
small medium large large white you know
I'm gonna have to get it I'm gonna have
to we're just walking on the street just
then picked up everything we wanted from
Apple got my charger also got a skipping
rope but I'm at skip since I was like 11
years old or something very high-tech
skipping rope we just pumped into my to
you as well which is strange because I
haven't seen Marty or Felix in so long
and then I hung out Felix the other day
and didn't get a chance to see marts
yeah and now we just pumped in turn the
street and I'm so jealous she's got so
many sick tattoos all in her arm they
look so good so yeah yeah oh yes I need
to get one man I think I've been
vlogging on the wrong camera no this is
a deselect smart one yeah it says on the
top it doesn't say that okay the old G
anyways we've just got home now as I was
shooting a new video which I'm gonna
help her out are you incredibly hot
Marty oh yeah I know that's what I just
thought
are you really hot Missy yeah you loving
this weather though
do you like skipping pop my rope so as
you skip in lights in front of you on
the rope tells you how many skips you've
done syncs it to your phone tells you
your speed of your skip in how sick is
that
mmm I kind of boy it more to show Ange
and also to try we can try in the video
we're gonna review this product the
smart rope and I also bought myself a
and portable phones are Jess and I can
play pokemon salon yeah three charges
this one there was one but eight charges
but it was massive and it was so
expensive so I went for a 3 charge so
you don't ever need more than three
charges see you later everybody
no matter how much of a extrovert I am
or I think I am or people feel that I am
I've always valued just time by myself
like whether that I don't know if you
guys remember my old flat I purposely
got quite big flats that if people came
I don't know I don't mean to be getting
deep but like if people came over I
still had like my own space so my my
previous prep for that before Zoey and I
let me sit down for Zoey and I lived to
get that was a was a three-bed now one
of these I used for an office one of
these was a guest bedroom but I
purposely chose like the layout of the
flat and everything because it was like
spacious it was all on one level and it
was really spacious and it was very easy
to like even if I had five or six people
over to slip away spend some time by
myself
Trillian bothers you to little doggies
playing in the water and just drove
about twenty minutes away from my house
Zoey not having an argument I'm not
feeling down or anything and this is
like me just expressing that I just dogs
are so loud in the water oh my gosh
there's four is that too little pops I
don't know yeah and this doesn't mean
that I'm like down or sad or anything
because I'm like not at all I'm just
expressing that some of you may feel
that it's not normal to like time by
yourself if that makes sense and I just
wanted to let some of you know that if
you feel like that I'm one of those
people this is such a quiet little
location I've never been here before I
saw this spot here when I was doing my
diet line driving video you know I'm
gonna did the car wash I drove past here
and I saw love this
my gosh that Panisse looks incredible it
looks so relaxed and I just thought I
have to come back one time and then Zoe
and I just chilling at home we just took
Nala for a walk we came back and I was
just like I don't feel like watching TV
tonight I don't really feel like sitting
and watching YouTube videos or looking
at a screen or looking at my laptop I
feel like getting outside and just my
hair's crazy and just like chilling you
know so I don't even know where I am I
know I'm not in East Sussex anymore
I think I'm in West Sussex
this is just a chilled little spot it's
quite nice you know just at the beach
with my headphones with my camera
chatting away to to you guys so everyone
watching this video that has never tried
just getting away from everything going
somewhere well no one will know who you
possibly are and just wow look at the
size of that boat that's move it that is
massive and just chill it by yourself
not again like I said not because you're
upset not because you're like in a Down
mood not because you've had an argument
somebody do it when you're in a really
good mood just go outside by yourself
take 10 to 15 20 half an hour to just do
nothing like an extra you know it sounds
ridiculous I don't remember the last
time I went out the house and I didn't
stop for five or ten pictures this is
the first time I've been up the house in
so long and just been anonymous I had
nobody here you know who I am
let's head back to the car get back home
she's a girlfriend and see the pup she
she is she even still a puppy I don't
even know probably not she's like nearly
2 years old that was so relaxing I
thoroughly enjoyed that I enjoyed it
more than what I even thought I would
enjoy it like I knew I liked to just go
and chill relax have nothing to do I
didn't even go on my phone like I didn't
even realize that I wasn't on my phone
for like half an hour or so
alright let's head back home
hey baby hello hey NOLA NOLA can you see
me time to try this normally i marinate
it myself
but this is like already done for me
sweet and smoky barbecue glaze you've
already had yours haven't you Missy was
so tired look at you
here we go salmon and quinoa and rice
look at her
Missy hey sleepyhead
oh look at that stretch NOLA should we
take you out to the toilet then take you
up to bed go on go to the tween up just
take your Navajo today for a wee before
we go up to bed
Zoey's already up there fast asleep
she's been up like an hour and I've been
watching some Pokemon go videos on
YouTube and you can put anything on a
whim in the background I've been
watching some Pokemon go videos then
just catching up on friends YouTube
videos and been really really oh I just
remembered why for a gnarly you can't go
to the toilet then we go and get
something not the skipping boat
something else I bought the other day
guys and I haven't really tried it yet
and it would be perfect to do at
nighttime don't even ask me why I bought
this because I actually don't I just saw
it online and I was like I have to get
that for when I was a child number one
you have to put these on first otherwise
it's really dangerous look how cool I
look I kind of bought a ridiculously
powerful laser pen I look at this this
is a laser pen like you know the little
things you get in like I used to get
them when I used to go on holiday and
it'll be like thin brush little button
it shine a little light on the floor
this is like a massive one of them let's
try it in the garden for Oh oh my god
look
look at this guy's look at that I have
to be so careful with this I'm shining
on the wall by the way that I don't
shine it wherever planes are because
this thing is so powerful oh I'm so glad
I've got these on so it doesn't like
blind me let's go inside we're gonna
have some fun with that guys I don't
know what we're gonna be a comment down
below some fun safe things and before I
get comments from people saying that's
so dangerous it's not dangerous because
I've got like special glasses you have
to wear it comes in like a locked case
and everything don't worry I'm not gonna
be stupid with it I should just got you
before I get Steve show you some of the
different nozzles you can change like
the amount of light that comes off oh my
god this is insane that is so crazy I'm
puttin that away keep it in the safe
little case I hope you've enjoyed the
vlog guys if you have go down below
smash that thumbs up show some love you
guys you know what to do I don't even
need to ask you subscribe if you haven't
already I catch you tomorrow tomorrow
thank you so much for watching good
night good night we've got some raffle
tickets to see if we're winning
no we win nothing so far
oh shut up that's me yes
