good morning guys good morning good
morning hey how you doing
Oh bloom Annette this is a bumpy road
kind of late start to the today's vlog
still gonna make it fun still going to
make it positive no oh no oh no we're
going the wrong way so this morning we
hope we had a big lion not gonna lie I
woke up at 11 o'clock this morning
Callum Jay and Sarah are still over our
house what time did you wake up no you
didn't we've had breakfast and
everything we popped over to a place
called flower pot and grabbed loads of
like really delicious sandwiches and
like croissants and panna shotgun ah and
stuff like that the other three are at
our house with neither at the moment
just like playing with her and stuff and
I think they will play pokemon to be
honest we are on our way to go to a like
a charity gardening kind of event so
there's basically inviting like this
like private gardening group and they're
raising money today for children with
diabetes specifically type 1 diabetes so
we're gonna head over we've donated a
ton of science and ice and books and
everything is only been like spend a
whole day yesterday bacon this 3-tier
quote did you take bits of it add a
venture in here of this Kate there's
only just bait to like sell slices over
the event and we're basically gonna head
down there
now I don't know how much I'm gonna have
to film because I think it's gonna be
really busy and a lot of people and I
don't really like film people too much
because I don't know if they want to be
on YouTube or not come along with us
we're gonna have a fun time we're gonna
raise a ton ton of money for charity
raise a ton of awareness for type 1
diabetes and just can have a fun day you
know we're gonna make it nice my grandma
would love this
yo poppy and Shawna here have you got
pins
hi I'm missing out hey guys where there
pins like the same size as our guinea
pig pen but literally we've got some
raffle tickets to see if we're winning
we win nothing so far that's me yes she
wants just one as well I don't know
maybe a plant this is where I chose guys
what does it look like oh yeah it
doesn't look like one of those plants
I'm gonna get killed for no no no Harry
Potter when we lift up and ask the
people underneath that's why I picked it
look like the one from Harry Potter
yeah guys I found some raspberries
mmm come on no that's just eaten
can I pick your number six yeah
sorry see yeah see any bank you just
filled up the car with petrol literally
one more left
good morning mate you've just arrived at
the park there are so many of us Holly's
here as well now so last night when we
ended up leaving I don't even know if I
filmed in the bar we ended up leaving a
bar at like half-past twelve and playing
Pokemon until half past 2:00 in the
morning
Holly ended up staying and going out
until 6:30 in the morning
so she's feeling a little bit tired
shall I say welcome out for like a
picnic how was your 6:30 a.m. clubbing
session are you dying oh my gosh let's
go we pay I haven't played
properly since like year 11 or college
look at all of the food and drinks and
all of these pizzas oh man
let's just search on like all these cute
little beers show everyone show everyone
everyone che bought some knockoff
ray-bans and they're really wonky you
got that yeah if you're still going I'm
out peace
my hands hurt so much
go go like that now or you one like this
feels so slow it's so what did you think
you had to do that I did you know it's
so much harder to keep your chin above
the bar that's so much harder so the
girls are leaving the park now they just
drove all the way home and realized that
they haven't got a house key I've got
the house key on me so they're driving
back now I'm just boosted in to go and
meet them oh my god
my phone's coming out must be good oh my
gosh this is embarrassing
I like see you later
these guys are packing up all that stuff
she'll get by goodbye lovely seeing you
see you soon goodbye it's just me and
you left just us to take an issue all of
my clothes officer for my hat and my
boxers because playing foot warm basket
we'll just then in the park it was like
the sweatiest thing I don't remember the
last time that I like actually did that
much exercise outside I could worked out
in the gym and stuff in gyms there's air
corn and cold bottles of water and
drinks and snacks and stuff and as you
know we did have drinks and snacks for
your pizza that was really good I
ordered a pizza called a jakab or a
Jacob but it's not spelt like Jacob it
uh now you pronounce it
it was incredibly spicy like so spicy I
just burped my whole mouth Holly ordered
it as well
and was like crying and then each time I
got chilli in her eye and was like cry I
don't know did you have a nice weekend
it's been a lot of fun hasn't it it's so
nice having everyone down and it's not
often that we get to hang out people
from London like we get to see friends
obviously from brighter and them at just
all my friend might have swallowed my
school friends as well I didn't vlog
that setting the table tennis stuff so
good even the charity thing today and I
went to my friend's barbecue yesterday
oh so is eating like it's a really juicy
is it really good are they cold we
should put them in the fridge there's so
much even better cold
yeah don't really feel like we've had a
proper chat today I feel like today is
just be nice I'm doing this I'm doing
this I'm doing this I'm the so many
different things so I don't even know
what this vlog is like I have no idea
we're speaking to Calum tonight a lot
about videos and my main channel and
stuff and he recently did I don't if you
guys know Calum his YouTube channels
calyx he lost a bet on Twitter and had
to do 30 days of Calico uploading like a
main channel style video every day for
30 days and although he said it was so
testing and such a challenged it's it's
like really really showed him that it's
possible to make a lot of content that
you're happy with so I was like as you
guys know that I haven't been uploading
on my main channel as much recently
because I find it quite hard to not
really to get the time but two more have
the time to make videos that I'm really
really happy with I suppose like it's
easy for me to quickly just wash out a
video and upload it but I don't really
don't feel like doing that when I'm
doing so much on this channel when my
Pokemon go series and Zoe know about to
start the sim series as well and stuff I
don't really want to just make videos my
main channel for the sake of it was
chaptered - Calum tonight a lot and
today just talking about having the time
and the effort putting everything in to
making great content often they are
really happy with for like main channel
style videos because these are daily
vlogs and I'm I feel like I'm doing okay
with that stuff and my gaming videos I
feel like I'm getting back into the flow
but we're just chatting about main
Channel videos and stuff um he's
inspired me inspired me to try and
really crack on with my main channel
some more than than what I'm doing at
the moment because we all know that it's
lacking yeah and I'm glad really really
glad that we have know what those guys
is it was really really nice had a very
chilled time it's actually really late
it's half past eleven Zoe no it's not
mm-hmm Oh Boston Leppard yep should
probably apologize for the fifth time
that we haven't done the Saucebox video
but we will do that at some point we're
probably gonna end up doing that once
the Necron survived should we try and do
it tomorrow I don't want to give you
guys any false hope sauce box in we
really really should do we'll try our
best to do it very very soon I'm sorry
guys here Zoe I've got another video
Dramat the video I told you so that
needs to go up soon to my main channel
that's still being worked on at the
moment though there's some exciting
stuff coming guys don't really know what
else to say I just feel like I haven't
really caught up with you today so let
me know in the comments how you doing
what you've been up to how your weekend
was my new Pokemon go video has just
finished saving so I'm going to upload
that at the same time as you're watching
this as you're watching this I'll leave
a link down below to my new Pokemon go
episode number 3
go show some love give me some thumbs up
and everything and yeah I'm just gonna
get that uploading sort of thumb high
Potter which one Deathly Hallows all
Voldemort he's no I don't know how they
made his nose a nose job like this did
he get a no did he get a nose job like
that mm-hmm just constant nose job
forever this one is so good
baby so we can sing about me
