say good morning guys let's say good
morning guys did I not teach her to
speak human yet he's sleepy good morning
guys good morning good morning you join
me still in bed
having a slow sleepy Saturday morning
with the pup she's literally wrapped up
inside so is dressing gown on yeah
you tired yup like a little a little
sausage roll
how you doing everyone I hope you're all
having a lovely morning evening
lunchtime whatever time of the day
you're watching this vlog let's have a
weather check oh my your look how nice
the weather is today
time to get on a laptop and edit the
daily walk I should first just check it
this any pokemon nearby I've just in a
tweet from an account called at f10 oh
my gosh there's a most complicated name
in the world at f10 are e3 n c3
underscore B they basically are throwing
I to react to a song one dance by Drake
and hasta el cumin ether by Nicky Jam
mashup basically this videos 25 million
views pound it's insane like my youtuber
called Alex I you know hey hey oh no I'm
not really too sure sorry from
pronouncing his name wrong I'm guessing
all of his fans he's got two million
subscribers are gonna be hating me right
now we're gonna watch a little bit of
every act that's what we've been asked
to do when it was cut out one zipper up
a lot of day baby
you're stuck so we can sing I'm a good
singer wigs from way back way high I was
saying uh hold on he's sick his name
yeah that has 25 million views that is
incredible
he's got oh oh my hat he's got a plumper
like cover channel right this look good
man no way what's a friends Daleks and
always feel this teeth insane as well
switch it up for my usual be making
videos and give you guys a little bit of
a different flavor
so here's Alessia Cara and Troye Sivan
or a choice of animal st Cara
here's wild oh I got a microphone that's
what I use my gaming videos
he is savage that's my reaction he's
insane helping him but yeah this is the
weird thing with YouTube is that I
always find sometimes from you guys like
that guy just then I'm going to
subscribe to let me see if I'm just
logged in to my main channel
I'm just subscribed you've got yourself
another subscribe Alex
another one of two and I'm just bad
thumbs up your video also he did um yeah
this is the crazy thing with YouTube
that I find sorry that I'm still in bed
like not dressed at all is top comment I
knew I was already dead before he
started singing I knew I was already
dead I always seemed to bump into
YouTube as and I'm not have I never
found this person before they've got
three four five six million subscribers
million
it's just mad how many big youtubers
there are nowadays I remember when like
Fred hit 1 million or nigger you get 2
million subscribers and that was like
the biggest at the time this is gonna be
sick and now so many channels have like
5 million it's crazy
look at his style as well he's sick his
name
is he doing this all live back or is
this like a pre-recorded many like hi
baby this is what you can gather you've
doing it serve exams you know I'm all up
and dressed just made the bed and
everything made the room look cool
lovely ready to get back into bed
tonight I think that's something that's
really really important it's making the
bed when you get out of it and I never
used to do this when I was younger I
think it's something I've just learned
over time that when I get into bed and
it's all freshly made and clean and nice
you get such a better night's sleep
24 seconds until the blog has finished
uploading so that's already it's ten
minutes past one ten minutes past one
and we haven't even have your breakfast
I haven't even had breakfast yet eight
seconds left so the plan for today is
basically to do lots of little things oh
my gosh
we literally have nothing we have this
is where I said I've said in my blog
lychee the other day all we have is
drinks which is true all we literally
have this drink or we have a carrot and
coriander soup no we had that so yeah
ten Rolo Yorkers that we need to buy any
more of those we am we need to go ahead
out and get some food but Zoe what's go
to two different places she wants to go
to M&S behalf of the stuff and wait
trays for another half of this I don't
know why I don't know I'm not usually
the one that's enjoyed the food Zoe
normally does with the food shopping and
stuff for the house so Oh video has done
upload in I can close my laptop and we
can head out you look so sleepy today
you look so tired
does anyone else think Nala looks a
little bit like a little pig but if you
took her face away she could be a tiny
little black piglet like a little bit
left Oh
is that nice is that nice I need to get
up
we need to get going it's such a lovely
day today I can't get over the weather
it's absolutely completely blue sky is
that for the guineas preparing all their
lunches and let me give them one little
bit let me give them one little snack
now you good boys oh you've already got
lots of carrots in there there you go
have a piece of cue cup also I kind of
just threw at you
oh they're sharing it now oh not sharing
just yet oh now they're sharing the good
old oh there's stolen air oh no we can
have a fight Zoe oh no oh no quickly get
another one I was really gonna have one
guinea pig left ones gonna kill the
other one for here you go boys there's
another one
there you go all right here you go have
some of this greenery as well or why you
run away into a little your little
carrot then oh is that how it is now is
it time for some bay then I look I
haven't had a chance to see this yet
Tania bakes oh my gosh she looks so good
and could you possibly get any
more candles on a cake than that that is
crazy dear Zoe now fee I hope this book
fills your kitchen of happiness and cake
love - and Pierre sleep over soon I
think we've got a sleepover booked in
soon I love the color scheme already oh
my god oh my gosh that looks in Seine
Tania I was going to buy one now I don't
need to buy one because you've sent us
one however I still feel like like with
everybody else I always go and buy or
order online every youtubers books
because I feel like I need to support
like this shelf here is full of
youtubers books and theirs are more down
here look like Carrie hope Fletcher and
stuff there are so many there and behind
all of the I've got we've got this oh my
gosh this makes me so happy look at that
alright just taking on out to the toilet
before we pop out to go shopping go in
there Missy
you need to get to the toilet why she's
so tired come on come on come on don't
make me chase you yeah mom she's just
gonna lie down in the Sun I kind of just
moved where the bouncy castle was and I
mean the grass doesn't look too happy
oh no it will come back alive today it
will today it's so sunny today you're
gonna buy all these crazy things just
make sure you put them away often and to
be fair for the first like three or four
days I did always put them away
and then I forgot once and now look at
that it'll be fine
it's gonna come back alive
yeah are we fine it will be all good
today coming the Missy
we bought an eyelid this thing the other
day so I'm going to put some treats
inside all the little bit so she has to
try and try and shake them out here you
go nyla there's a load of treats in here
you have to try and work out how to get
them out I wish that we could get up one
up that allows us to put the aircon on
in the car before we get in I'm looking
for a ticket I just saw oh I just pulled
it Oh
before we get in the car cuz everytime
we I'm going with a roof down every time
we get in the car at the moment because
it's nice weather it is literally like
sauna like the hottest thing in the
world of copper you just quickly can we
have a discussion in the comments about
this new song featuring Zayn that's what
I'm saying
straight to the cafe got myself a ham
and cheese toastie the woman's just
making up for me at the moment start our
shopping but we've got to be careful
because we are about to go to MLS after
this so we don't want to don't want to
get something in here that we were meant
to get in there you've got your specific
lists yes or we have don't show it
there's personal things on there oh okay
well I don't really care
I can just see toilet roll and butter
one shot down one more to go
put in the trolley back all right let's
head to M and s you ready to go to M&S
where's the ice app where is the ice
Jr did you ice like kilograms of ice
it's disappeared
or the ice
maybe it'll melted
oh here it is and it yeah okay
amazing one left thank you so much they
have my cheese
do you remember over the last over the
last week of login I've been looking for
this one cheese Cornish that is the one
extra mature oh my gosh this one here
this is the one that I want yes
yeah I get a couple of them we haven't
seen the videos and the last conference
I was doing shopping do anything I'm
aware done if you have you understand my
cheese hunt
we may or may not I've got some more
mini columns the minis I think can you
open haven't got one hand I'm cheap
because it's worth the mini oh I
definitely further minis to the main one
to the big old boys the big old boy is
less moist oh my gosh
and these are just easy to eat just
smell it it smells like Colin doesn't it
everyone gets the white chocolate head
yeah yeah
guys have fun with that
have fun editing that it's all I'm gonna
say yeah it's face straight away
excites shopping become so much more
planned and take longer when you've got
a child don't it ever again you've got
make sure you've got the nappy bag
you've got to make sure they've got
snacks you've got to make sure that
they're clean they're change happy then
you've got to get them in the car that
you've got to get them out the picture
never gonna be a chair out they're never
going to be happy wash your food
shopping because they will want to eat
everything and then you're talking
they're not allowed and then they cry
like the little girl that just came out
as we're walking in there so you're
coming out then but I wanted
I like that used to be Jo common email
is not child so we've got something
incredibly exciting planned you guys all
know my friend Hani she is absolutely
crazy
you'll know her from the most ridiculous
videos of mine actually she came in on
the other day to the AM cinema thing she
was my mum's date nothing that proves
what I don't know if you guys will know
not Holly I don't know if you know this
story randomly once went and bought
herself she still lives at home with her
mom and dad she bought herself a
labrador puppy just because she wanted
to she really really she's very very
crazy but she when she was drunk one
time as well she'd worn herself a tattoo
one and then got it professionally
tattooed on wast life she is so funny
and hilarious and one time she she
decided she wanted a puppy that this is
a true story so she went to go and view
one and picked it up and brought it home
that day and it's a Labrador as a black
Labrador boy called blue now who's never
actually met Nala
have you you ever met blue have you he's
very very big much bigger than you today
we've got a load of guests joining this
vlog we've got Jay Holly Callum and
Sarah as in calyx and Sarah clothes and
my name's chain and Holly and I think we
might even be going for dinner and for
some drinks with some other people as
well it's going to be a busy blog with
tons of youtubers you guys are going to
love it long story short I'm gonna go
pick Holly up now and bring her and her
dog blue over here for a while so the
two dogs can play knowledge is alike as
soon as you his word dog oh yeah you're
baking a moment so you're filming right
now
sorry I've been really loud so he's
baking a cake blew up it is hot oh my
God my back is burning on the back of
this see I need to get my aircon on now
the UK's was no my gosh it is so hot in
here I got the aircon on full whack I
can't even tell you how hot my steering
wheel is like this is burning my hands
hello hey he's so calm he's look at him
Hey look at him he's not even trying to
lick me or anything come on lay down
roll over oh look at that scratch your
belly for you you're loving that look
you say oh go ahead
look at him showing off to me he loves
me so much
we didn't end up bringing blue here
because he is so big and my cars I need
like three door so we would have had to
squish him in the back so we're going to
try and sort out properly another that's
cool isn't it so we're gonna have to try
and like bring them over another time it
will happen we're going to have both the
dogs together isn't it you can have fun
with blue one time
Zoey's cakes are looking incredible it's
over here they're a triple layer cake so
che Callum and Sarah have all arrived at
Brighton station
they've gone straight a taxi to my
friend Jake's house rather than coming
here cheers guys thanks so much
so I think we're gonna either jump in my
car or a taxi and head over to Jake's I
can't see it's so bright guys it's a
lovely day why we inside
I know we were going to go in the bouncy
castle but it's so wet for me leaving it
out for the last like week yeah it's
still where should I leave it up blowing
up or should I bring it in
hey how you doing good good
have a lovely evening thank you so much
will gets a free shot at Callum for
losing that is bare back me out bad yeah
well if you hit it yeah right next try
Alfredo I'll go back oh woe is served
just like oh I caught weight I'll oh oh
oh my god it was back nothing at all oh
he's so hard go and hits him hits him
okay make us feel oh let me on this
table Wow oh right no on the skin gone
well you're up you Vijay here we go very
hard to hit yeah very hot nice um let me
see the back yeah I'm really updates you
guys from what were actually after what
we're doing because the plan is changing
every 10 seconds I just got a magnet on
and Sarah has been crying ever since
because she didn't get it it ran away
the game that always blaming it on lag
now you're blaming it on lag so we're
heading oh wait guys it's this road here
Holly this way we're heading off to gbk
for dinner we tried to go to Jamie
Oliver's and Oaxaca and both of them had
an hour and a half wait for a table I
forgot it was Saturday and we didn't
book anything so and we're gonna head
over to gbk to grab some dinner
zoey is now finished or finishing up
baking and stuff and sorting out of my
Franco mango is meant to be amazing
let's go this one Franco mango no it's
not Pokemon you talk about manky I just
caught one bro my mum high-five me did
your mum watch my vlogs that's so cute
what's your mum ah
hey friends the only film without
Pokemon so you came and sat down by
yourself I'll come and sit next to you
come on Pokemon gang what did you get no
you didn't Sara wishes she got magnet on
for me Oh Sara didn't get it you may as
well go home Sara so I'm gonna nail this
did you get out right level three I ate
so much I feel like I'm gonna explode
like I'm not even joking you apparently
now we're heading to a bar I've never
been to this bar Holly
Holly's dragging us there but I think
it's fair enough because we've been
dragging around playing Pokemon or leave
them you need to download it the amount
of girls are instant crying alright
let's get some pictures bad boy jay is
so happy that we'll go into a bar oh
come on Jay smile go and get in there
get in that bar go on it's Holly's idea
are you happy to be here
come on Jay be happy bags it's minus
five there's a cloakroom
we finished up the drinks in the bar
that we just went to I didn't really
want to film in there
he's having a good one
whatever he's up to he's having a good
time we are covering it down on the me
playing pokemon gold they probably like
50 60 people here who just sitting
around playing Pokemon guy as well
that's also a party going on over there
I want to kill myself
Oh Kallen isn't working we let you just
walking around Brighton looking what
Zubat oh you're an idiot
haha
you son that about six times that you
pokemon in the end I've just got out of
the shower the next day I completely
forgot to end the vlog last night when
we got in it was like 2:30 a.m. those
guys made some food and stuff and I turn
straight to that I was absolutely
knackered so I hope you've enjoyed the
video if you have give it a big old
thumbs up show some love down below in
the comments show some love of the likes
and stuff and subscribe if you want if
you haven't already I catch you tomorrow
good night YouTube gave me a belated
gift earlier I completely forgot it's
inside this box
