good morning guys good morning good
morning you join me in my car today it
is another beautiful day here in
Brighton I will give you a weather -
actually let's just do the weather check
now this is what the weather looks like
look at that blue sky so I'm feeling
extremely positive extremely happy
extremely motivated we're gonna make
today good I've got a very very
important meeting like I told yesterday
at 12 o'clock lunchtime today in a
couple of hours but that means we've got
a couple of hours to go catch some
pokemon let's go catch some pokemon I'm
off to film got another camera in my
other pocket here another vlogging
camera off to film episode two of my
Pokemon gaming series so that is where
I'm not really gonna put too much more
Pokemon into these videos because I want
to keep these more just about my day
they started being so Pokemon orientated
and I know not everyone's playing the
Pokemon game so if you like Pokemon my
gaming channel gonna have Pokemon videos
if you like my daily vlogs that is going
to be this channel so let's just let's
go oh I got my booster board I think
I've got my booster ball with me as well
I don't really talk about like political
or world issues or anything really of
that kind of nature on this channel but
what the bloody hell is going on with
the world at the moment guys but what is
going on what's happening people need to
realize that as humans we are one race
we are the human race like I don't even
know we're back in the car
I just finished shooting episode 2 we
are off to our meeting although I'm
quite early 39 minutes until my meeting
starts this is not like me might even
have some time to go and get some
breakfast I haven't eaten yet today
time to get serious time to get my
business meeting face on and hunch
hopefully I've literally like a big kid
in meetings and stuff I just get so
excited about future things that I'm
working on there's never a straight face
I'm 18 minutes early for this meeting
yes I'm not at the meeting place yet but
that's not two minutes away so I'm going
to be like 15 minutes early this is a
whole new me so early that I even
managed to pop into 42 and grab myself
and add a little drink to have for the
meeting
feeling good today I think it's the
weather I think the weather brings
everybody up which adds to it and brings
everyone up even more and just makes
every makes the world a happier place
just got to the meeting room now look a
they asked me mad to match yen look at
that thank you so much amazing meeting
is over very very successful very very
long the time is like five minutes to
four and we only just leaving now need
to head straight to the office
edit the daily vlog and get it up and
then and then I think I'm gonna head
over to my sister's my sister's got like
the whole family over there for lunch
except for me even's always there I've
been uploading my daily vlog for bloomin
ages now it's really 17% done so for us
14 minutes late
it's got 23 minutes left I'm the last
one in the office and just got home for
the weekend
or I make it so much she sleeps here and
just finished work and it's Friday
therefore she doesn't work on the
weekends and I'm still in the office
just edited the daily vlog obviously
uploading it now now I've got the second
episode of Pokemon go to edit all my
family is hanging out and having lunch
together like when I say all my family I
mean even like cousins aunties uncles
another cousin my grandma Zoey poppy and
Shana mum and dad and I'm not there I'm
the only one not there and I'm still not
gonna be there for Eve longer because
I've got to edit and I'm a Pokemon go
episode but I'm not moaning this isn't
negative just wanted to let you know
that that sometimes we just miss out on
things so we sit here working and work
in it's not just all fun and games
playing Pokemon I assure you it is ten
minutes to 7:00 on a Friday limits
probably up here wants to put my jacket
on and time to leave the pointlessblog
office studio place don't even know I
changed the name of this place that
every single day but I just uploaded
Pokemon episode number two
and my new daily vlog some super happy
oh my gosh it's Friday I never remember
what today the week is anymore
YouTube gave me a belated gift earlier I
completely forgot it's inside this box I
think it's my 10 million subscriber
plaque for 10 million subscribers for my
main channel oh my gosh oh my gosh 10
million subscribe what wait what huh
congratulations on a hundred thousand
huh
oh yeah I don't have ten million
subscribers what Zoey a joke guys
YouTube forgot for years to ever send me
my 100,000 subscriber plaque and they
finally send it my main youtube channel
look over here wherever I have all of
the others this is my 100,000 subscriber
plaque for my second channel the one
that you're on right now this is 1
million for my second channel 1 million
for my main channel 1 million for my
gamer channel a hundred thousand
subscribers for my gaming channel but
they never ever sent me 100,000
subscribers for my main youtube channel
and they finally sent it to me today
I know Zoey's got a 10 million
subscriber one that is ridiculous
right hundred thousand subscribers
you're going down there I don't really
like that it's a little bit uneven now
there's one on that side and two on that
it's Friday we're gonna leave it it is
Friday let's get out of here we don't
want to be spending any more time in
jail it's the weekend it's Friday
evening let's go get drunk just go hang
out about friends in the park
let's go clip what my doors locked
that's awkward I'm locked in and also I
don't ever get drunk it's Friday evening
let's go home and and watch a movie with
my girlfriend and my dog on the street
for an EU takeaway hmm crazy crazy like
crazy party in life I'm not really too
sure what the plans are to do tonight I
know that Zoe was at my sister's and but
I just tried to call her and couldn't
get through so I have no idea where she
is now so don't know ever to drive to my
sister's or whether to drive home or I
know any no all over to go catch some
Pokemon I just realized how echoey Oh
so echoey in this car park and I'm
shouting about gonna catch a Pokemon I
don't even care
I'm proud I'm proud of my Pokemon
anyways let's stop me in stupid let's
drive even though I'm driving - why have
you closed the door you're up to
something low baby hey hey where's Sean
no he's not I'm Jackie
Sean get out the fridge Sean get out
there where is he I don't believe you Oh
baby you scared of them what are you
doing so the plan is we're gonna drop
this little nugget home and then we're
all going to head out for dinner in one
of our favorite places at the moment
that you pop you up here
the dyke pub and kitchen is that what
it's called
it's the popping something is now like a
Pompeii because people keep tweeting me
tweeting you all you need to know you're
cops yep I can't help that but if you're
grumpy I find out there
you guys if you think if you think about
it if you guys think puppy's gone for
your camera your you should see which is
I off camera papi
yeah close oh oh I'm just gonna do a
tour of your makeup I just want to show
them your makeup brushes and stuff what
I'm just showing them on your makeup in
your clothes you have three of Zoey's
books and one of mine use them as toilet
paper white for pins just got home we
are about Oh
is that mine III don't have ten million
hundred thousand maybe one thing fun
serious that I mean look at it that is
insane
holy crap like of course you guys I
can't Zoe Zoe what did it come with a
white yeah shut up come to the white
okay so we warned me that it was heavy I
didn't expect it to be that heavy
I love that it's not flat I love that
it's got like the bumps in it
do you mind taking a picture of me
second but oh my oh look at the case as
well that's so insane these are the
first female creators to get such an
award in the UK we couldn't be prouder
keep shining keep rocking girl
do you know they said to me today you're
the you're the first female creator in
the UK together and the only other
person is is Adele because she's a
musician on YouTube and it's a VEVO
channel but she's the only other female
Adele in the UK you and a gal yeah just
actually dude casually you know you know
who we've got that just throw in Adele
sit down no big deal do alright should
take your pic with it I haven't taken
about to castle a PS gonna be killing
the grass underneath it's got like
puddles on it I need to get oh my gosh
right I need to tied it up now before I
kill her with a grass where you go in
your walk into my parents house or
something there you go be careful with
that you guys crying where are you guys
from
they're from Sweden all right let's grab
a bit yeah see you later good bye
they're crying because they just met hi
hello how you doing
the girls are way ahead of me because I
was just filming for the third episode
of Pokemon go and they got caught up
catching the hardest Pokemon to catching
the game I'll leave a link down below
once this up go check it out you playing
Pokemon
good boy level level 4 keep playing
thank you so much thank you oh my gosh
and it's amazing veggie burger with
Marmite chips oh my gosh yeah in the
middle oh wow
this food is amazing yeah we've also
just not a camembert arrived and the
biggest garlic bread I've ever seen I am
so full up I might explode and literally
my explode
Zoey not we haven't done I'm gonna get
killed by my audience we haven't done
sauce box again the thought of eating
war right now I can't I can't even
comprehend
I've just eaten so much cheese and I
coming back my camera battery died
whilst I was walking home so I didn't
really get to vlog too much since being
in the restaurant but the now we'll just
back a home chilling I may or may not
have captain a baby I've captured
Nashawn a Pokemon gym on the way home
you're gonna have to wait for it so got
ready to find out Oh poppy pop poppy
going to drop you home now you guys have
got to go to London early tomorrow
morning mm-hmm Zoe can you make our
bedroom really lovely and cozy and not
to your hot and pavatt temperature so
when I get back that's why I said not
too hot okay
have no beds on and no window open
that's fair give me some come on pop
probably we usually begin 91 get off
Nana come on
Oh
Oh Bobby's a cheerleader for you guys
now Sheree just hit Donna let's just go
to the top nines up hands up
nobody in the car as you saw poppy was
so tired like Mitch he just falling
asleep every time somebody stopped
speaking to her closing all the blinds
getting the house ready for nighttime
let's go to bed let's go upstairs
nylons are you both fast asleep thank
you so much for joining me today guys
I've just found out on Twitter some
crazy stuff about Turkey I'm still not
hundred percent sure what exactly is
happening there's so much madness going
on in the world at the moment I hope
everyone watching this stays safe over
the time we can solder this out and come
together as one because I don't never
know it's absolutely ridiculous the
stuff going on I mean in the blog guys
and try and catch some sleep give the
video a thumbs up if you enjoyed it go
down below smash the thumbs up like you
it my camera just ran out a charge let's
try and hit 25,000 thumbs up it's gonna
be hard but I think we can do it if we
all work together
everybody good and blow hit the thumbs
up button tell your friends tell your
grandmas tell your dogs to all do it
I'll catch you tomorrow good night good
night good night will you do this to me
later well at this heart I like honestly
I think this would break avoid us
already doing it like this because
