good morning guys good morning good
morning you join us today people B AB
Shawn and Zoe in a little cafe about to
have some breakfast more exciting than
my breakfast Pokemon go has just come
out in the App Store this is not
sponsored Pokemon go has just come out
officially in the app so I've been
playing it on like a little dodgy
download that I got linked on Twitter by
one of you guys it was a dirty download
so many of you want to know how we can
play in it it's officially out so you
can play it now no what have you just
used that though gives you double xp for
half an hour then Zoe just bought three
lucky eggs with real money she just
spent two pounds ninety-nine 399 yeah so
what you do is you drop in you drop so
you drop in sense and a lucky egg at the
same times all the pro can come towards
you and you get double xp how happy you
that it's out so by the time they're not
get you a nine by the time this is
coming out this video now I'm also
releasing I started is there
I decided to Pokemon ago I started
playing Pokemon go again from scratch
level one foodies starting again I've
just made a new account and I'm going to
film it for a gaming series on my gaming
channel so I leave a link down below to
the video it's going to be up by the
time you're watching this of me playing
Pokemon go start on episode 1 don't
start me I'm wedging enough stuff to
catch up 1 link is down below now go
open it watch off this video and enjoy I
don't know what I want for breakfast
oh thank you so much
look how delicious the breakfast looks I
went for a spinach Eggs Benedict
so I went for something vegetable
something pop um
scrambled eggs Sean went big full big
boy big meaty boy Zoe what kilometer is
that kilometer is that your egg is it 2
K or 5k is it a chicken cage thank you
so much haha why oh that white there's
an adage it is such a lovely day today
guys I haven't done a weather update
right you ready even though you kind of
already seen it through through thorn
look at that sky it is absolutely
beautiful today we're going to have an
amazing oh yes we do need to get some
cash out we're going to have such a
productive successful fun day today the
only thing is I kind of can't open my
eyes can't see anything so sunny what
did you get your dish you didn't get him
I know why you've got a crappy drowsy
do you want to go get cash out and I'll
go get my bag from the car we finished
up breakfast we're just going to get our
cash and everything we just popped home
setting I'll go out to the toilet play
with her for a little bit and now we pop
back out just chilling at the beach take
some time out of our day to play pokemon
The Sun has gone a bit although the sky
still looks absolutely lovely it's just
quite cloudy I mean I'm not complaining
background it's very very sunny there
are so many really cute dogs here it's
just her father's there's people around
the Seas I don't know if you guys can
see there's people out in the sea
literally like here that's mad surely
it's just freezing when the sun's out
it's incredibly hot enough to take my
jumper off as soon as the Sun goes
behind a cloud it is so cold and it just
suddenly gets really really windy as
well it's really sage are you not cold
yeah I'm cold now so we head back to the
car in a minute
in a minute we'll just catch a Pokemon
electorate oh you vote you vote or to an
electrode or that's pretty good for for
nine yeah happy with that one I feel
that when there was tons of people and I
don't know why they did it with my lucky
icon but there's like four people there
just in the sea another one over there
two people getting in the sea down there
there was two women a minute I don't
know where they've gone there was two
women a minute go oh maybe that's them
there in the sea I'm cold signal
watching that I'm caught sitting here
there's men are getting an interesting
box they haven't even got swimming
shorts on it's just their underwear had
white pants on too so they're gonna be
see-through when he gets out yeah look
look oh did you see that you see he just
got up now the one with the white fat
stood up and then fell over yeah I don't
know if you can see but the guy with the
white boxes has asked his friend to go
and get him a towel so that nobody can
see his penis but he gets out a seahorse
a wild seahorse
oh yeah yeah good bye I leave you trying
to get that Pokemon the only bad thing
well it's not bad because it means you
get a lot of exercise and nyla gets a
lot of walks but playing this game you
walk so far without realizing like I
didn't realize how far away we've walked
from our car and now it's so hot outside
I wish I was wearing shorts and I'm like
oh and we've got so far back to the car
get back in the car heading back for a
little bit and they grab some shorts
gonna grab a cold drink maybe put them
out to cast away because it's to put it
away for like nearly a week now yes this
car is like a song you blow it up leave
it oh my gosh this causes a sauna just
get the aircon and food I'm not actually
20 up drip head no but then it would be
hot you're still behind me yeah
be getting one get free oh so uh look at
that look at this for British weather oh
my gosh really really quick change up of
plan everybody I've jumped in the car
and I am heading off for all the cameras
Robin
I'm heading off for a Pokemon mission
with PewDiePie and kicked the PJ this is
our felix is catching pok√©mon
Lix is literally holding up all of the
traffic so after Felix losing every
single mode of transport he has we
finally found that the reason week
invited us because it was camouflage it
was hidden here we go
sketching a Bulbasaur bear not be
running I started with a picture oh yeah
you did the trick
yeah whoop there we go good fine man
good fine where's that son he's just
there chilling in the road
what oh there is we've all got our
different skateboards just catch a
Pokemon and on the beach
it's finally worked out yeah finally
we'll catch in so now just like my hair
just heading back to my car now that was
long and pretty successful I mean I
didn't any like crazy Pokemon it was
pretty successful just part two the most
random place ever
the Domeier I got my boo skateboard on
the way home just picked up some lunch
for Zoey and I got myself a fresh point
as well okay I haven't robably had a
chance to talk to you guys today see how
you're doing I started my blog in a cafe
having breakfast then went Pokemon
catchin then when pokemon catchin again
so I probably have another chance to sit
down or stand up and see how you guys
are so what you've been up to so how you
doing I got your present place rise and
put your hands a ha ha look uh hey Vivi
would you think it is net listen Ellen
no oh I shouldn't have said that you got
your hands out or bagel man oh my god
you know what I could so eat a bagel man
right now which one did you get you know
I hopefully the right one oh thanks
that's nice
I've just finished editing uploading
yesterday's daily vlog it was a super
fun one I got to design the shape of my
jewel teeth like I've got these plastic
braces called Invisalign if you did more
gesture this video it's going to be
really short if you haven't go check it
out link is down below and I can
actually design the shape of my teeth so
there's like 3d models moving and stuff
and I get to see the shape my new teeth
it is crazy it was insane and I'm so
excited and even more exciting I've just
uploaded my brand new gaming series
episode 1 for Pokemon go such a
productive evening
it is like 8 p.m. at night I think what
I'm going to do is carry on filming
episode 2 of the Pokemon go series so
that it can got the same days you're
watching this that they've been good
today's been really fun thank poppies
ring your baby hi how you doing hey no
there you are
oh no I've got my perfect so he's
currently giving me the most painful
massage don't wanna go from friends
honestly like I'm in so much pain right
now ah serious I'm getting filled up
yeah I'm getting all your knots out oh
my god that's like have you actually
seen friends where no one wants a
massage by Monica no I would know this
was like when we were older hopefully my
grandma isn't watching this well we all
do oh we were younger me and my sister
is to always be like oh probably need a
massage and she'd be like no but avinu
massage no no go mop it up I'll give me
one of you a massage literally would
like I don't think she realized so
intense I'd be like mi papi wants one
papi on so I'm popping for that outfit
really wants wrong grandma she obviously
didn't realize that it was like breaking
my spines you know she'll watch this I'm
sorry about my I mean I love your
massages so much I'm sorry
how will you do this to me later
more like this hard I like honestly I
think this would break your bones
I already doing it like this because you
need one of these every now and then I
started rolling guys now I'm done now I
know let's cover you all night let me
lay down and you carry it on any of you
order some food I got on order food and
then you massage me into the food
arrives
lean forward then also I'm definitely
not a trained professional and I don't
know what I'm doing Matthew's is
watching this right now I don't know
what do you do
I haven't left my charges to know like
some stuff you know I swear they
literally just like and not just one
heart until it's like dead and that's
what you're currently doing I thought
most you lots of gone now how much
better do you feel I feel like I want to
go to my bar sorry gotta go know from my
a sauce packages huh do you know we need
to do tonight you can see me um look try
it on
no do you know what we need to do
tonight cuz I've even had a call that a
minute ago
say it Becky for the last seven days
you've been promising us to eat the
sauce box and you haven't done do we
should do that should we do that yeah
hmm I know that's going to do my Asus
and I really want to eat it sore spot so
easy actual food and then source box
maybe me you might have to do source box
tomorrow guys I'm totally sorry we are
gonna do it sorry that I've been saying
for the last week that we're gonna do it
I've been putting it off and often I
mean it's 9:00 already we have no dinner
yeah it's me okay maybe tomorrow still
love me though I'm sorry I'm sorry
you rang me i benzo II blame zone look
at the size those bags are bigger than
you
oh okay I didn't know that you're right
over there you guys just miss the amount
of banging and banging and crashing have
you broken it
well no they kind of thing cuz we use
that hob she's broken out it's very
frustrating which tie does that big over
no idea yeah that maybe didn't I try it
all good
fixed it I'm a fixer mister picks a man
I want to go grab some fish and chips
for dinner tonight
not very healthy but it's half past nine
it's really really late we haven't got
much food let's have a look in our
fridge this is like cribs who used to
watch they don't meet groups anymore do
they
imagine how good it would be crimps I'm
going to see like youtubers house is a
night it'd be sick well then we kind of
do that in our own daily blogs also the
lighting is like the worst lighting in
the world arts because the light bulbs
gone anyways this is our fridge
everybody welcome to my fridge I would
say there is some food in that no
there's we got enough drinks like look
at this how many drink or that's not a
drink how many drinks have we literally
got it is obscene oh my gosh bacon a lot
lots of yogurt look more drinks more
drinks more
I could even make pasta or cheese no
pastor in here you mother you want pasta
now we're gonna go get some fish and
chips
Jori tell you anything me yeah I'm gonna
have this you drinking my drink I let
you just turn to the camera I listen
your granddad I'll let you just turn to
the camera one
and then start drinking the video like
you drinking my drink straight away
yeah that's your granddad you rascal you
little rascal now that you want to come
to get fish and chips I don't know that
they're gonna let you in there outside
nervous no I'd never hire outside I
don't know ever though let me in the
shop because you value me
I don't if it even if it's bad to have
dogs somewhere where there's food yeah I
don't know let me have a dog in there
right I'm going to pick up some fish and
chips maybe pick up one on the way now a
plan and then what we're going to do
tonight can we just chill on the sofa
and watch a film because we've got big
day of big important meetings tomorrow
they're not very long so it's got a
two-hour meeting in the morning I've got
to our meeting at lunchtime very very
big important meetings and so I say we
just take tonight children eating Evan I
important though that's the question
when you ever have a meeting well I
prioritize some meeting I thought over
others like if it was like planning new
merch then that comes over like a
meeting about I don't know about a
meeting something less important I need
to go get some fish and chips suppose
I'm gonna have no dinner if I haven't
seen this stuff since I was in school
there was flowers in it but they kind of
died so we've just got this bit now
which I love just pushing my finger into
look at that oh my god you can just push
it all the way down
you sat down going you don't want me to
go out do you give me get I'll be back
soon oh I'll be back soon gorgeous okay
you wait there for me on the stairs do
you not I love you walk to the
fish-and-chip shop with no jump run oh
nothing just spite me by the way I'm
vlogging like super super high just so I
don't give away where we live
walked all the way to the fish-and-chip
shop and it closed 39 minutes ago
absolutely amazing it closed at 9
o'clock and it's like 20 minutes to
10:00 don't know what to do for dinner
now jumping in the car and we are off to
go find some fish and chips
finally got myself some dinner some fish
and chips I kind of also got a couple of
ice creams as well just as a treat to
surprise Zoey I got um peanut butter
Magnum and two of these little things
great hair healthy great hair I'm going
to have my vlog in hi everybody thank
you so much for tuning in today thank
you for spending 10 15 20 minutes
however long this vlog was out of your
day to watch my day it means so much to
me thank you so much for the thumbs up
that you give me down below thank you
for subscribing and just everything you
do now let's say thank you to them okay
I'll just lick your balls I'll catch you
tomorrow good night good night good
night good night
so that's now now that's where we wanna
go
perfect
