good morning good morning good morning
everybody how you're doing today let's
have a weather check straight away Oh
bloomin heck I still this is what the
fourth day of oh I haven't put the
bouncy castle away okay ignore again I
am gonna put it away
don't don't dawn yo look at that I am so
happy so happy right I'm also in an
incredible rush I have got the dentist
in eight minutes in eight minutes I got
out of bed nine minutes ago and I've got
the dentist in eight minutes today is a
really exciting day because you know I
don't know how much you know about
Invisalign but basically I have is
plastic braces I'm only wearing them at
night at the moment but I used to have
to wear them and I will again soon have
to wear them all day
I can t tell if I'm in shock so I'm
still using the older camera that has no
flip up screen but they're basically
straighten my teeth gradually over time
you can't really see them inside
see-through plastic that goes on my
teeth I'll show you another time if you
haven't seen them already I did them for
about 30 or 40 weeks went incredibly
well like my teeth are so different now
to what they were for but today I get to
see the second design so I get to
actually see the shape and the design of
my new teeth what they're going to look
like after the second stage so I'm
basically I don't know you'll see I
basically get to design them then they
go make the braces to meet those desires
a little bit confusing let's go to the
dentist perform late
see you later gorgeous bye
Oh yo here we go yeah ready
yeah you got it
yeah it's so tiny isn't it and if you go
from the side so that's now now that's
where we wanna go
perfect oh no I bought too far away got
put a belt on today so excuse me if my
trousers are falling down in every shot
or if you walk past me in Brighton my
trousers are below my bum it's a lot
like that today
right although I was like so close to
being late for the dentist I am now half
an hour early from my haircut if I
decided to go home by the time I got
home I would have had to leave again so
I promise time to get some breakfast
however nothing's open but everything
not to do it's really quiet and never
come to Tomas just got a sausage roll
and achieving the OL art a look at that
latte or is it looks incredible I'm just
sitting on YouTube like to edit than the
daily vlog if I show you guys we'll just
art down here before it could only this
you're the seagulls allowed Shh
I'm trying to vlog mister shut up shut
up
No No thank you thank you very much
sheesh nope shut up this art is so sick
this one's been here for years guy
playing chess
yeah that's new facelift graffiti 50
years on the edge Brighton Festival
amazing that's really cool
they've got some guys on here looking up
for his skyscrapers we've got a cool
dude over here I know I say a lot but if
you haven't been to Brighton you have to
come and visit I meet so many people
that live like in London or worthy or
Eastbourne like so close to Brighton and
it's just like yeah I've never really
gone I want to go one down jump on the
drain and go drive your car down and
visit for the day
regret writing is so like positive
creative and community-based I cannot
even tell you it is amazing but
everyone's so friendly you guys need to
calm down
there's a reason why I don't drink
coffee too often it's because it makes
me properly so wide awake about going at
haircut and sit down with like half an
hour and I'm currently like oh so pipe
my hair is all cut and all sure look at
it look how short it is I haven't
started myself yet or anything I've just
literally had it cuts it you know I need
to do my own my own thing to air but
I've just just finished editing the vlog
it is exporting 25% so I can leave it
now to do its own thing it's just
watching back one of my art that's a
nice screech ha ha I was just watching
back one of my vlogs with Ange and look
at this all it's graffiti here so I'm
showing you the graffiti that I just
showed you today and this was in 2014
I'm going to run out of the office I've
got 10 minutes until a meeting with
Maddie
Megan and ang but that is fine because
10 minutes is enough time to go catch
some Pokemon that's what I've told
myself anyway and what do I need
sunglasses yeah I my wallet um oh yeah I
might write about Deputy help mothering
her just in case obviously call me if
I'm running late for the meeting
I will try not to be late I promise I'm
going to catch all of them and you're
going to be proud of me so in the game
there is some Nick would a learn module
which basically attracts Pokemon to a
given spot and up here I can see on the
map that somebody has dropped four
learned jewels there is going to be so
many Pokemon all being attracted to the
same area so in my 10 minute break I'm
going to run and try to catch some good
Pokemon
my poke I look bored I look like an
egghead with this hat on
why don't look so bored I take my help
I'm really done my hair today anyways
the Pokemon hunt was semi successful
there was so many people sat in the park
work let me quickly tell my music ah
yeah in the in the park there was so
many people playing Pokemon and I bumped
into two of you guys and we just sat
there playing for like half an hour and
then I came back here and just had how
long was that meeting
it started at like half one and what's
time now are five the par 5 for our
meeting for our meeting like incredibly
successful but you guys know I hate
having long meetings in the day because
it takes time out of these vlogs but
don't you worry we're still going to
make today's vlog fun we're still going
to make it productive I'm reading all of
your comments on yesterday's vlog when I
tried out the s120 camera for the first
time and you know what most of you so
far in the comments it's only been up
half an hour prefer the s120 so I might
buy a little fluffy thing for it and try
using that we'll just switch up using
that and this g7x
oh let me show you the weather the
weather is just you know how amazing it
was this morning now look at it it is
absolutely disgusting it's just gray and
cold and miserable
just thought I'd update yeah I've also
just finished signing while still isn't
at the end of the meeting I was kind of
like signing posters and in the meeting
at the same time the meeting was
happening over there and I'll still put
into my input whilst signing a load of
these so there is now 400 signed posters
here like I said yesterday they're going
to go incredibly quickly I've got
another 1600 here to sign for you guys I
will leave a link down below go check it
out go order on quickly before they're
all gone
I think we're done for today you know
and are you working out go on and works
out outside on the beach with poppy and
Shawn but they're in London today work
in so they're not working out so that
and just going by herself there will be
other people there but she's not popping
but I just showed you the weather so the
only positive is it surely not better to
work out in the cold because then you
don't get really sweaty and hot yeah my
train money train has very much grip so
is this you're going to be sliding
around in place you need to get some
football boots so then you like stick in
the ground then if you're doing squats
and that you won't be sliding anywhere
any football boot companies or fitness
clothing companies want to send and want
to send an some stuff send away some
really really attractive pink football
boots or pink gym where sweaty Betty if
you're watching imagine imagine that
also they can send my mum and stuff
anyways anyways and yeah just thought
I'd let you know that Jim what I've been
up to signing a ton of them and
everything that we're going to head off
in a set or my car is in the furthest
car park in the world away pot next to
my hairdressers I forgot to move it to
the close to car park oh well right
let's pack up let's get home go see the
doggy go pee Pokemon see you later see
you tomorrow
currently walk into the furthest carpark
away from my office there is
stupidly part next to where I got my
haircut and left the car there all day
but the good thing is that it is a lot
cheaper than the other car part near my
office so you win some you lose some
all that birds like poo just tell in the
last literally like oh no not that bit
but over there in the last like ten
minutes it's got so much nicer look just
go into my car now and the aim is to
drive back home
pick up Zoey I'm not going to get out of
the car she's going to jump straight in
then we're going to go to pets at home
to do like a little bit of little bit of
pet shopping and buy Nala some treats
and stuff and then I don't really know
what else the plan is for tonight poppy
and Shona in London probably type of
children
look as if my cute day is sorry look a
romantical day is it's so romantic it's
raining and we're sat in the car but
other than that any couples they're just
sitting up actually this couples that
buy food and then sit in the car park
and eat there we basically want to go to
pets at home which is just they are but
it's raining so much luckily you've got
a hood right I have it you look really
turned today well I don't have anything
today I don't have anything with me to
guard myself do you mean like an
umbrella to guard yourself Brighton and
I'm graduating why I don't know why I
need to guard myself we're not doing
anything right I don't want to Galvez
you jump out the car fast then I'm just
gonna lock you straight out you ready no
you go no if you got your pass yeah I've
got my wallet really obey it's cute date
on me and Travis sunglasses on good then
you go go and I'm gonna lock you out
okay let's go come on
it's doing it right he's got his t-shirt
over him I used to do that when I was
younger look at her in the rain there
you got your hood that's cheating what
were you doing the guinea pigs do not
need that oh my god that's impressive oh
my gosh look all these Pokemon they did
it trigger pokemon in cages what level
do you think they are that one's
definitely evolved I can tell huh after
they got near a teacher's chinchilla and
softest thing I know
oh yeah drummer in Joe's video you had
one where's any Rattata I need a hey
little gerbil Hey no guy oh my gosh
she's long
oh look at him stretch in yoga taught
you get to it's for the guineas I'm
gonna get toys for Nala
is that four in the car no yeah soaks up
mud maybe we should get one for my car
as well
it's a doormat but it'd be really good
for the car let's both for them gone
that's the basketball is it that's not
very heavy
I'm just so bloody strong like a little
stick one that looks cute I want to get
her a new toy this hi this is cute Zoey
should we get her this
that's really cute now shoo go ahead
stuck you can put some in there some in
there some in there yeah that's cool
isn't it yeah well there's that shape I
think she'll like this shape yes she
likes like bone shape Sutton she oh
that's so cute look at that that's
amazing
we're going to go for this little carrot
cottage for the guineas is literally
like parents
watch what all right then I want to see
this so bad I really want to see that
was it called the secret life of pets
get your vlog out quickly film him
I've noise meet joining in Nala what is
this ah oh you've already got another
two oh you ran into my hand yeah we
bought you so many presents
you know it's for you don't you you know
it look at she's literally walking when
does one shop I got you your very own
wand look at her how does she know that
is a dog toy he's been spoiled how you
can have your very own Warren G after me
Wingardium Leviosa
somebody who's so uncool what flavor is
that not to would smell the dogs love oh
maybe it's quite crap there's not any
like chicken flavor or anything she lit
she doesn't wanna oh don't play fetch
here you go gun then bring it back bring
it back let's if she drops it come on
then bring it here
drop it drop it
good gap Oh the only thing we have an
offer is to eat is pasta that's it so we
don't have any yummy food we only have
pasta but I really feel like hospital I
love it no no y-you look in my camera
hello hello hey are you doing Hey
no you Shh Missy hey I need to go
straight out now what I haven't vlogged
in about two or three hours mom and I
came over every Chilean I'm about to go
pick up as easy as I just ordered us
from the marina
Oh God either one other's easy I rang
them up to order they closed at 11
o'clock I ran them a half past nine just
that now we just closed our kitchens
early tonight
okay just now on our birdie I was
looking in the window being like I can't
see any takeaway I know right way off to
get it now
goodbye why is no one here
there's loads of posh boats here boats
love them oh my gosh I bet you bathing's
good Pokemon here thank you there's some
really good Pokemon here say anyways
we've come up with contradict the zzs
literally couldn't be further from my
house I think I can see it there's a
takeaway thank you so much
here we go I know this comes doing that
stro be thing I think I might even go in
but the lights all the way up anyways my
spicy chicken pastures finding hair
after like half an hour drive talking
about a spicy look at that chili wait
eat that gone chili you said you want to
do a chili challenge I'll do that Oh eat
that guy oh you already enter you just
that gon eat it quick don't eat before
your food you only oh my god I got it
don't worry about all right it's fine is
it hot
it sure is eating the whole chili this
hot isn't that he's being cute little
one human cuddles how's it feel being an
auntie she's not yours
GG's yours although that person stole
Chi Chi in the park isn't she really
soft at the moment completely forgot
Shawna probably bought me some presents
earlier in London look how fancy this
bag is isn't that from the shock palace
yeah the hand was like really solid
Coralie explained in my video are there
you can kind of see like the plastic
that's so exciting
thanks so much bro okay let's see what
you got
ah that's why Wizards always wanted this
tissue boy
wait I did get you wrong thing ah yes I
needed a new water bottle yo Sean text
me a picture this earlier I'm so excited
that's sick another one oh man
long-sleeve it yeah yeah that's a boy
that's cool man I really like that I
love that the print is on the back as
well the same print and as cool as me
thanks so much man it's all good
that's it and I forgot to end the vlog
completely forgot I was absolutely
knackered last night just editing the
video at the moment if you enjoyed it
give it a big ol thumbs up I filmed some
extra special videos today which I am so
excited for you to see in the future
coming up I hope you're having a lovely
day and I'll catch you tomorrow which is
technically today for me with a brand
new daily vlog subscribe if you haven't
already I'll see you tomorrow good night
amen there you go like this
