give morning guys
good morning good morning good morning
good morning I swear every time I stop
my vlogs in beds oh he's already gone
she only got up and out and dressed and
everything actually she hasn't gone out
she's just gone downstairs right should
we start the day off with the weather
check she was talking to Delphi sorting
my hair out
done done oh crap I still left that out
just ignored er that mess down there
ignore pretend it's just grass let's
check the weather that looks pretty good
I mean it looks incredibly windy look at
the trees but that looks nice
so this morning I have planned to go for
breakfast with our you claim and see me
from this angle how about this angle
there we go I don't really have many
plans today the only thing I have is one
thing that is breakfast with Angela she
just texted me saying she's 15 minutes
away from the cafe and I had text her a
picture back of me in bed like but I did
say I'm going to try and get there as
quick as I possibly can so I need to
throw on some clothes I need to jump in
my car and we need to get going
it is a lovely day I'm so happy like
thank you whoever whatever is in charge
of the weather you're doing it right at
the moment I mean it's not hot but I'm
not going to complain because it's
lovely I think I'm about five minutes
late maybe ten minutes late for and so
not too bad considering so I'm at a
break from running for the stairs apart
tonight the lowest floor in the carpark
we could possibly Park considering I was
in bed while she was walking to town I
mean not too bad I are you ready for
what you're about to see enough to film
very sneakily
and then if you can see that everybody I
don't if it's in short oh and
okay well Karen walk interesting case
it's really all good there was a guy
standing there playing Pokemon with an
Ash Ketchum hat on like a Pokemon hat on
whilst playing it just stand-in there
that was sick I tried to kill me I don't
know if I got entry or not because I
didn't wanna stare at him and check and
stuff that just shows how many people
are playing this game guys it's not even
out yet in the UK and everywhere walking
around is people catching pok√©mon I was
charged for throwing in the car so I
could play pokemon today I was very--it
any charge and I left it charge it in my
car we're gonna have to go for breakfast
without without playing Pokemon you know
and just been playing Pokemon since
yesterday do you have to keep fighting
in life
yeah it's really buggy because it's not
officially out yeah yeah here we go
completely forgot to film a breakfast
and it looked absolutely amazing so I'm
going to attach a picture clear right
now Peter looks like because I did take
a picture now we're doing something
really exciting buying me a new reason
to trim my beard there's so much choice
I don't know what to go for
I don't eat like a proper one I've got
one of the born ones that's really
really good I don't know which one it is
but I use it to shave one whole face but
I need something just like trim all
right Oh a beard trimmer that could be
the guy and this one looks quite oh
that's the one from that new advert
trims body hair neither on that having a
super productive day at the office so by
just editing up I don't if I ever told
you guys about the holiday video that I
filmed I like daily vlogs one of the
days a little bit different there is no
speaking and that's it a vlog it's like
a video I don't know it's basically like
a oK we've got a much better angle now
as our same with the video yet there's
no audio it's just kind of like a really
nice track and then some arty shots
would like some drone footage and some
GoPro footage in my mouth making it look
like my eyes it's hard to explain I'll
insert a snippet now let me know where
to put it on my main channel on this
channel give this video a thumbs up if
you're excited I just went shopping got
two new hats and three new t-shirts
look how summery the color of these
t-shirts are ones blue ones yellow and
one is pink
they're like so intense and why put the
pink one on now should have tried it on
to make sure it fits I am having a very
productive day so far we sort out some
new merch star looking at a car at the
moment to rent because when we drive up
to Scotland you know the trip that we
just put Scott the me poppy Sean and Zoe
Zoe's mini is like the smallest car in
the world to drive like we don't want to
drive all of us and all of our luggage
but just Gotland in that mini poppy has
also got a minis that makes no
difference my car we could drive in that
Zoe wants to do mostly driving because
she gets quite travel sick being in the
passenger seat so she likes to drive a
long long distance and this is a bloomin
long distance we're going like how fast
for than the 800 miles
eight hour drive obviously having a
break in the middle of Liverpool and
stuff but it's a long drive so we are
looking to rent a Range Rover Evoque
very very exciting stuff and just a
sorting that at the moment get some
quotes from different companies and
stuff so when we do our trip hopefully
fingers crossed we're also going to have
a range over to drive it or I won't be
driving it as I will be which is super
exciting I cannot wait the rgvideos
finish saving so now when you started
the tin look on that walk in need start
editing the M the daily vlog that's what
I need to do now I've just been using
this and I want to show you guys the
difference that it actually makes so
this is one side look at that this is
the other side to see here it's so much
more like all beardy down here and
that's why it's now board let me know
which eye do you think it looks better I
think the board side looks so much
better I want to try and look at my old
camera because I vlog on this one here
but it has so many issues as you know
this is currently my third in like six
weeks or something of a g7 X and s so
expensive this is the g7 X mark - I let
ever look in here the first one the
autofocus went in like two weeks
this one no the next one the screen
broke and went all floppy as you guys
saw and now this one has like a weird I
don't if you can see where it is
somewhere on the screen there's like
this little mark and it's like built
inside the camera so I can't help it and
it's so annoying that I know I'm not
even in focus okay now I am but I've got
a brand new one of these sitting here
this isn't s 120 which is my like old
old old vlogging camera this this good
old camera this camera is like a buddy
of mine I've gone through I've used so
many of these cameras and they are just
amazing the only difference is that the
quality isn't as good and there's no
flip out screen which means that it is
so small
like they are tiny to hold so what I'm
going to do is I'm going to put a
battery and memory card in this one and
I'm going to put it exactly next to the
camera that I'm commonly use in and
compare the quality with you guys
because this camera if I could use this
to vlog with oh my gosh my life would be
so much easier because this one is so
expensive and breaks it like literally I
break a minimum one a month and I know
it's not even like I'm being rough with
them they're just not built to use every
single day
I know Roman Atwood goes through tons of
them I like everyone that uses camera
breaks them older or they break not even
they break them the camera breaks all
the time they're just not very strong or
good built cameras so I'm going to get
this run or working and up together and
let's see let's see the quality I'm just
having to put the battery on charge for
a minute I see because it's brand new it
hasn't got any charge right whilst we
wait for that to charge up I'm going to
sign tons of these these if you don't
know on my poster my pv merch poster
that is available right now for sale or
leave a link down below although they're
literally there is a couple left so I'm
gonna sign a stuff of these each one of
these big things has 250 posters no 200
200 posters inside them so down here I
have 2 mm mm posters down here for you
guys I'm going to try and sign as many
as I possibly can right now whilst that
is charging up so if you want one be
quick they are freshly signed just come
off of the the pen tip and yeah I'm
going to get signing where did I put the
pens oh they're in my back pocket that's
where I'm going to sign some in gold and
some in silver
I know you're going to think I'm saying
this just because they're mine but I
honestly can't even tell you
like can you hear that how good the
quality of these posters are but they're
so thick I literally just paid for the
best printing quality you could possibly
get I just said I want them the thickest
I want the best all of them so that the
tendon of the sharpie doesn't come off
of them I'm just so happy with the
finish right anyways again if you guys
want one of these these are going to go
crazy fast I cannot even describe so be
quick where I knew everybody look at
this even having to set the date and
time testing out both the cameras at the
exact same time to see which one you
guys prefer remember that the g7x is
obviously like triple the price but it
does break a lot more often than the
other one we're currently using the
audio from the g7x
now we're going to switch over to the
audio from the s120 let me know what you
think in the comments I obviously can't
see what the footage is like because one
of them doesn't have a flip up screen
but for the rest of the rod I'm going to
carry on with the g7x and just let me
know in the comments I'm just going to
film this one more clip with the s120
now just to show you by itself what it
is truly like because I miss this cover
so much it's so tiny so thin so small
and just like you can just throw it in
your pocket rather then the other one is
all great the new one but it's so big
and bulky and bricks also this one
doesn't have the little fluffy bit on
the top so bear that in mind as well
when you comment we're turning fur
because I can make the audio on this one
less echoey and less like windy and
stuff because I've gotten the little
fluffy thing but man I miss this camera
this one comment down below either
s120 for this camera or g7x
for the other camera whichever one you
honestly feel because I don't know this
one is just so like
small and cute but it just doesn't ever
break the other one breaks all the time
and this one also doesn't have a
flip-out screen so I'll never be looking
up there and I'll always be looking
straight at you guys I don't know I just
MIT this feels so old-school those of
them going back to like my my childhood
of YouTube going back in the time I
don't really know
anyways let me know what you think I
might just carry on the rest of the day
with this but then I'm worried that you
guys are going to comment down below
that no that audio is horrible and then
you did the rest of the vlog with it as
it ought to do I'm using the g7x again
just finish sign in the next two hundred
posters guys there's only 200 available
right now go grab one the others I'm
going to be signing like today tonight
tomorrow
hey hey where are you where are you now
I need you look at my camera what the
hell is that did you buy that
can you still mine them you know it is
funny
how good is that I love the quality of
them brand new in my office you've got
one there this is why you pick Java
yes I know it is but I forgot you had it
I've got the charger downstairs it's so
good that feeling we're not having a
screen no feel it vogue with it it's so
lovely you haven't got much batteries to
be kept and I've logged yourself with it
hi everyone nice and light is that I
need good email it focuses Oh what is
this that looks so delicious
haha I love how you jump in there you
don't even don't even have to ask you
turn then you enjoy that going to wait
tries to get some camembert where else
do you want to catch pokemon so do you
don't lie there we go I don't believe
her
oh what's just happened I'm not the one
who broke this someone broke it and then
eat rice very just potent the light
switch off of the light wait can we just
pull this little bit here oh can we try
and put this back on
I saw Chet okay believe him I'll take
the little guy you got your coat yellow
thing can you got me that other one the
night one it's fun yeah you want to be
catching pok√©mon you should I do it
later
you stand there little man oh no stand
up stand up there we go all right here
we go
the one thing that we came for the
camembert so the other day I bought this
cheese I bought like a little taster
size of it it was only small to try out
see if I liked it and it was delicious
oh is that it though let's stick some
cheddar but no no that's not the one
it was like some I can't yeah no but I
want the full-size one I just can't live
with the ground one
do you think we're going to go for this
run it's not the same one purple let's
try it out but we literally come to
White Rose we're just getting three
cheese's we finished up our shop in very
very successful
it included three different cheeses was
it three or four well you got cheddar as
well so maybe three or four different
cheeses a couple of packets of crisps
for me we got some salmon for me and
which I never ever do like I don't ever
do this so please I think this is a
normal thing of mine
we bought two scratchcards they were one
pound age where like it's scary thinking
that it's like I don't be sticked on
media like no banning from Scottish god
I'll draw on the gamble in the casino
pop into my throat hey lil frog in that
um I don't know these are just the
biggest waste of money never ever win
but you could we're not do I'm sure
people never win on these like oh thank
you I'll have my two pound back then
actually I'm joking I'm gonna win a
hundred grand I can just tell when I
started her wrong when we left I said
I'm gonna come back in tomorrow and I'm
gonna ask my one hundred thousand pounds
I don't know anyways we'll try them out
in a minute we're just gonna head to the
park now so that we can catch some
Pokemon and do these and then
no ganado time to hunt for some Pokemon
are you ready Pikachu you look like a
Pikachu first of all which one do you
want this is the $100,000 question which
one top or bottom top huh oh okay what
happens if one of us when are we sharing
or we not sharing I don't think you're
filming me carry on that means what I'm
gonna do with my name if you win I'm
gonna grab it push you over and then run
away and all your money I've got going
on me I know I don't you got Keon you
should do it when we get home
let's do it when we get home you want to
keep your ones you know which one's
yours what's gonna be hatch in house
mind not going up slowpoke high key I
think what he watch like sq yeah shut up
fat sorry just got savage Pokemon oh my
god I love it what is it look lik atong
no alpha eggs you should go look at on
I'm so jealous
I'm very good aren't you gonna confer at
the moment you ever do this when you
were younger I used to always pretend as
a skateboarder let hold this
I just always pretend oscillated hope
you don't hurt myself huh did you ever
do that
no I do not live life on your side you
crazy my thigh or how happy you're being
out in the rain I don't mind no actually
I do mics I didn't get a good pok√©mon
the dedication to Pokemon that we have
is unbelievable
Oh your car smells so bad the camembert
smells awful in here Oh God
where's Malik Oh dougie hey baby
Hey oh just going to throw out there and
say this is not sponsored for anybody
thinks it is but Oreo sent Zoe and I are
present
this is Zoey's present she's already
opened it in her vlog how cool is that
that's her on there in an actual Oreo
I'm guessing this is like a new flavor
or so I had honestly I don't even know
this isn't sponsored and this one is for
me it says exclusive for alfie deyes
you're that so cool look at that
Wow actually does look like you you look
a bit like the Green Giant that's
amazing I'm just a fan your next to it
oh yeah you've eaten half a point of
your face yeah I did some wine to take
the flavor look at them like whole
zoffie Oreos I don't know how we can
take them out and then they go like this
I may or may not just dropped a pot of
tomato sauce everywhere
I don't even know if you guys can see
doesn't look like that much in my camera
all over my trousers all over the floor
all over there that tiny little bot I
tried to catch it on my foot to take the
fall and then instead just splat it all
down my leg yeah I'm all tucked up in
bed guys can't see what I'm filming
because I'm using s120 still so the so
there's no flip screen however I've just
remembered that we haven't done a
100,000 pound scratch cards yet
so that first one is a hundred thousand
yeah oh my god imagine Oh let you get it
old enough for a sheet sorry I think I
us them off imagine if there was three I
don't know what we do much if we want a
hundred a thousand pounds she said no
one ever wins on me
he didn't win anything no even more BAM
back
nope so I've got a hundred thousand five
forty a thousand twenty-five thousand
140 and a hundred thousand let that
brush over there brush off the edge of
the bed to five thousand two one
thousand to five thousand to one hundred
thousands and we had fun that's the
important thing
anyways guys I'm gonna go to sleep now
thank you so much for following me
around today and watching the vlog and
everything your support and love means
the world to me thank you for all of the
thumbs up you give me on these videos
every single day go down below if you
haven't already and smash that thumbs up
button leave a lovely comment leave some
support leave some positivity bring each
other up in the comments and I'll catch
you tomorrow thanks for watching hello
Nala
