good morning everybody
all right I've just got out of the
shower I've got a meeting at my office
in town
starting in 35 minutes and it probably
takes about 15 or 20 minutes to get into
town so I've probably got about five
minutes to get ready let's get today off
with our weather check don't don't dawn
it's actually pretty good look I don't
if you can see right over there it's
quite blue and that's where we're going
I feel like the wind is only good
because I went to bed so late last night
but I was like but don't worry it's
Monday tomorrow we're going to make it
positive I'm not going to be tired we're
going to eat well we're going to have
fun we're going to be productive
everything that a Monday normally isn't
and now the weather's like blessed us
with lovely one kind of lovely I mean
it's really really wind in it's
definitely not hot but bright weather
you've got to try and find all the
positive things in life even if it's
windy and it's cold as long as it's
bright then we get nice lighting
let me quickly get dressing everything
and sort out this more or sort out this
mop on my head who remembers those hair
stars when I was in school I never had
it all my friends loose of the hair that
went over one eye so you couldn't see
one of their eyes it was like that but
surely that just restricted their vision
like surely they just couldn't see
either you couldn't see their eye surely
they couldn't see you with that eye I'm
talking to load of rubbish you know I
want to say a big shout out to whatever
company this is spice bum Victor Rolf I
don't know they sent me a load of stuff
the other day I haven't used these two
but this one here is a perfume and it's
absolutely amazing so if you're the
person that Victor wrote for whatever it
is thank you so much this is not
sponsored I don't even know the company
name but it smells amazing and I got
sent it the other day time to pick a
t-shirt to wear today
do I go white grey black blue or colored
I always go white let's not go white
today let's see what I've got in here
maybe we go for some day one of these
look at this that's the wild jump of the
Troy set min it even has Alfie written
in the back we are on the way to the
meeting playing Pokemon what just
happens I my phone says that the servers
are still not great because the games so
new and Zoey always oh you see that as I
was about to get him on Jam and then it
froze guys I was about to get a savage
Pokemon then if you can see my phone and
now the apps just frozen
surely you leave it now I'll just give
you a shower up on your way okay
let's catch some Pokemon meetings over
and now I'm eating an acai bowl I
believe it is and got me look a purple
it is hmm acai bowl sorry I've never
experienced anything quite like this in
my life
everybody's sitting around me now and
there's 40 like
25 people all sitting around playing the
Pokemon game because somebody has
dropped fatally in the game somebody has
dropped something on the floor which
attracts Pokemon to it and you can see
it on the map so there's like 25 30
people here all sitting around reaping
the benefits and taking the Pokemon from
whoever dropped it
there's like people over there ronzo
people over there those about to evolve
a Weedle wrong things can we take a
moment to appreciate this weather it is
absolutely beautiful but look how fast
the clouds to move in guys look out
faster cloud to move in doesn't it look
like a time-lapse yeah
I am NOT time-lapse English guys and
look how fast they're moving a bit dizzy
what the hell I've never seen anything
like that oh look at this
and that's so hot Wow you bet from
them has it mm-hmm poppy I'm so jealous
are you going to the gym later but
you're working out later
it's nice weather though how many just
realized the time guys it's 35 minutes
past 4:00 in the afternoon
talking to me in the morning is it
course it's in the afternoon and all out
just like enjoying ourselves having fun
going out for lunch playing Pokemon each
in shopping sending stuff off that we
need no not shoes in no more all they
are not in the NMB in row blue ones
green ones yo right we need head back
because I haven't started edges in
today's blog yet and I hate you guys
know I hate when my vlogs drop late but
I started off this morning super early
of a meeting and things just escalated
into Pokemon then now now my vlog is
going to be late so I'm doing everything
I can with rushing back now you're
addicted to Pokemon in I know I need to
be uploading so rushing back now to get
the vlog up I'm sorry that yesterday's
vlog comes late
that girl's got polka ball in her hand
did you see it's a paper ball Court is a
red football but I mean kind of kind of
poker ball just finish editing the vlog
for tonight what no you're not I finish
edits uploading it's halfway done
uploading right what's happening tonight
gang what are you doing tonight we're
going for an exercise pop what you doing
tonight
we discover we should go next to them
and play pokemon yeah that's such a good
idea we should sit on the beach next to
them with neither playing Pokemon boss
and Shaun and puffy does that sound good
ang I'm gonna get where's my tele lens
hi fart I'm taking my camera and this
lens down to the beach and I'm gonna
film you working out from the distance
and put it in my vlog and you will never
know until tomorrow when it goes up now
you know yeah someday and helping zoom
lens get you in the distance like this
did you squats can you squat show me how
you squat Oh for your training session
or for your Pokemon session you've got
an egg what have you got Oh paranoid
oh it was a horse everyone loves in my
vlogs are grumpy poppy is a little time
she ever gave the table tennis have you
at your car here why can't you see me
tonight what you doing everyone want to
know what you're doing
I'm gonna yeah that's your about sure ah
you tried yet are you tired yeah poppy
tidy up that everyday a enough that okay
so tonight we said right you're going
out oh yeah and between shoreline to the
pub we're gonna play pokemon I'm gonna
make some sweet potato check I'm gonna
sweep judging the choice way that sounds
really social that sounds fun I've
literally busy you do that and you stay
level 2 or Pokemon you won't be crying
when I'm level 52 sad you know I've
realized that the current setup of the
office isn't really too useful because
I'm over here and ang is all the way
over here which kind of means that we
both just have to shout to each other to
be able to talk
see you later the biggest group of girls
ever just had one massive picture
there's it's like 15 of us in one photo
and the phone used to take the picture
and a PV phone case on it did you see
that that was so cute they were from
like Spain from Denmark from Holland
from all over the place if you're
watching hey guys when they say we're
here to study I can't make them over for
a month and then learn the English
language whilst they're here known each
other before coming to the same maybe if
they're from the same maybe it's a
couple from each school I'm not really
too sure I don't know if you guys know
no more than me which I'm sure you do
because some of you guys are some of
those people back there let us know in
the comments and stuff
you
someone way too excited
gun then get a toy
go on doesn't know what to do
have you missed us today yes momen yeah
she feel so soft at the moment no I go
to the toilet she just wants to play
with the snowman toy nyla you just want
to blow this no man toy you need to go
to the toilet and then we're going to go
on a walk then we're gonna go to walk
I'm gonna try I figure out so I'm gonna
try not to mention it too much or my
vlogs because I don't want to annoy
those of you that don't like Pokemon or
this app Oh papi there's chichi oh no
aah no no chase Annette is it chichi did
that man just steal a dog
Shan Shan titi
that man just steal your GJ look how
well-trained it is why is not a not
trained well she can do loads of tricks
but she's just rubbish off a lead as
anybody else feel the struggle of having
a dog not off the lead like she gets so
excited it's not even by like the road
with traffic at all it's just other dogs
she would just run for other dogs or
people but like I was saying me poppy
and Zoe just caught a sick Pokemon did
you get it did you get it
hey you didn't get it see you tomorrow
no doubt hi all what I feel like doing
tonight is getting this blanket lying on
the sofa and watching a film with my two
girls whenever I say my two girls I feel
like a pimp I feel like I'm like y'all I
got two girlfriends at once but I'm no
no one's my dog does that somewhere yeah
yeah there's a big ol poop
Oh big jobs there's a big old smelly one
she had three wheeze tonight at the park
do you find it weird when I say with my
girls I just then I'll so I'm just gonna
let them lie down and watch a movie with
my girls but doesn't it sound like I'm
saying about two or three girlfriends
like yo bitch look all my girls we're
currently ordering some food for tonight
because we have nothing in the fridge I
thought we had something in the fridge
earlier on Arlo is like let's get a
closet no we are cooking tonight turns
out we don't I swear it was literally
the other day that we went way to us
bought so much food M&S M&S was it all
gone Nathan we ate the food is so
expensive and goes so quickly I don't
know - yeah i M&S is just so expensive
and then it just goes so quickly
everything goes out of date I wish there
was a way in which we can make food not
go out of date imagine that that would
just be amazing right time take my hat
off get my hair out my ridiculous hair
someone in a hat all day job is on Oh
are you can you get me some jogging
shorts I don't know I know they're in
the bedroom then extra bed the pink ones
can you get me a vest as well actually
I'll get myself a vest underwear it is
Zoey's order from a pizza place and I'm
gonna order from a burger place oh look
at that
Oh looks like I'm telling like a horror
story you know and like the film's when
well they make like this when they're
like and then she killed him
so it ever asked me to tell her actually
I remember when I was younger great
focus camera I remember when I was
younger and I used to go camping like I
don't know if any of you guys do this I
don't know how normal it is but I used
to go away with my family and like six
or seven other families we used to all
go camping together every year and it
was so much fun so the adults could hang
out and be like do adult stuff and sit
by the campfire and all the kids and
like in like a proper camping place not
just like in the middle of a forest or
but that would have been even cooler and
then all the kids would hang out
together and I have water fight so go
swim in like the sea because sometimes
we used to come in this little place
what was it called it's like little
something Columbia's like 45 minutes
away from Brighton little I caught
remember and it had like the sea like
the beach right nearby and we store that
gone bike rides and like pop to the shop
and buy sweets and things with it felt
like so growing up because we could all
go off as like a little group together
and this was run as maybe like maybe
like 10 or 12 years old but it was what
was it why was i bringing this up that
was it horror stories we used to like at
nighttime if we when we're in tencel
together and stuff we used to tell each
other horror stories and there was one
could click click slide which I
remembers about this person of like long
fingernails and they were like scratched
along the floor and stuff who comes up
with these horror stories like in there
I don't know how stuff spreads because I
remember that was a really popular one
in my school how do things spread in
schools like just rumors like the most
random stories like ever
single person ever in their school has
heard about the person that led far back
on their chair they were leaning back
fell over crapped their head on the back
of another table everybody in their
school had a kid who supposedly did that
in their school now I think I think
teachers just told you that to put you
off I'm rambling on now oh wait and it's
order my food actually
Ivan ordered yet I'm ordering from a
burger place and Zoe's and Zoe's just
ordered from a pizza place
although she did get me some calamari
from the pizza place char grilled
chicken skewers or hey baby
hello hello you tired after your long
walk finally I'm all tucked up into bed
we just fell asleep on the sofa watching
I don't even know if I told you all to
move forward watching thank you for
watching thank you so much for the
thumbs up all of the lovely comments
everything you guys another you've just
joined I'll catch you tomorrow goodnight
goodnight this is what happens every
time I get into bed to cuddle Zoe she
cuddles the pillows and faces the other
way and I have to just cuddle her
