good morning guys good morning how you
doin hope you're having a lovely day so
far today I've had a call with my
therapist for an hour which was super
super cool and then I've just been at
the office for the last couple of hours
editing up the vlog and sorting out some
emails and stuff with my project manager
a parcel arrived that I wanted to show
you it looks like a guitar this isn't a
guitar I haven't opened it yet it's from
somebody that I chat to on Instagram
called Ian Barnard he's like a
typographies does like crazy cool
writing and one thing that he does
sounds a bit strange but I'm about to
show you and you're gonna be like holy
crap that is awesome is he paints sauce
is it like an actual sword that you
chopped wood with he paints them so he
messaged me the other day saying Alfie I
want to paint you your own saw to put on
the wall and I've used a quote that I've
seen you tweet and talk about in your
vlogs
that is all my gosh in shop photograph I
love it it's an old saw you don't have
to do what everyone else is doing
how sick look with the PB logo at the
bottom I love that mm-hmm I think it
looks cool there looks something there's
only night I've spoken about before is
having and you've seen your target out
by the front door it's like 3d is having
pizza bar in our house that aren't just
like pictures in a frame yeah this is
this is that thank you so much in thank
you just before we go out and eat open
number 6 it's a little funny
hey just went to eat jam realize I got
my braces in we are off to the garden
center to get some lights for the tree
usual yesterday's vlog we had to use two
sets of lights from the other day see
you later Missy see you in a minute look
at the tree looks awesome we've got some
builders working on the gym that's so
cool that it's shaking I love it
I think this is the first time I've ever
come here but we're not cacti shopping
more like succulent shopping we could
get that for Mark tonight yeah
do you think we should I'm gonna get him
something really weird I'm gonna get him
something very obscure he would love
that
Mark's having some people over to his
tonight for like snacks and drinks and
just Christmas general festive festive
vibes little party so we've got to the
garden center Thomas to get Christmas
lights for the tree that we need but
also I want to get him a really weird
Christmas present like to the party I
think this is the place to get one oh
this is cool what have we decided on
here's the box you take the box just to
show how small is once you take out and
plug in I think it's perfect I think now
of course does it come with the does it
come with the thing though the bag in
Door County is cable length from 10 5
meter perfect I'd say if it came with
the thing that blows it up yeah it does
yeah that's the one we're doing it
forget it nearly forgot the actual
reason what we did come here was to get
Christmas lights for our actual because
Jimmy's carry that our actual Christmas
tree
how many eight hundred thousand ten
million four hundred trillion till they
do eight hundred thousand is good maybe
better to get too many than too little
warm white with a green cable a thousand
lights we ain't gonna run out now are we
quite a serious update to the party I
was just about to buy a ridiculous
outfit and some hats and stuff for the
party apparently in true mark fashion
it's like nice dressing up not everyone
has to dress up cuz mark like stress
yeah he loves dressing nicely only you'd
fought like a lace shirt just to like
impress them I didn't know it's just
enough it would have been so funny
wouldn't it but just enough noise I
thought it's gonna be like just not
tacky Christmas okay well I need to get
back soon and think about what we're
wearing
Ivan thought about wearing smart clothes
these are those outfits guys where goes
on the front of your dog and looks like
they've got little arms and feet when
they're like running towards you we need
both though we need one of each one for
us one for Nala she'll fit small
Hey so back from the garden center just
made myself a coffee witch
mmm I've been in desperate need of
coffee all day today and it's so weird
because I never ever used to like coffee
I used to absolutely what are you
looking at and I've forced myself to
drink it every single day for a month
just to make myself like it because I
wanted the effect of the caffeine like
an energy boost in the morning to help
me get up to work on videos couple years
ago now I absolutely love it anyways if
you saw yesterday's vlog you'll know
that I wanted to film this pot in the
evening however Zoe and I crushed out
she fell asleep and we couldn't film it
and I said they don't film it today so
that's what I'm gonna do I'm not gonna
tell you fully what it is just yet or
they probably tell from the background
of seeing this as I'm walking around the
room now but what I do need to do now is
make some pancake mixture to make it
even easier I just bought ready-made
packet fixture I need to get one of
those like measurement things out that
says that says all like cups and all of
luck I think this might be the one
liters pints liters pints damnit what
does this one say pints liters fish
almost little spoon II kinda things
googly eyes said not this then I love
how you know from there you can just
hear googly eyes hey I see them okay
quarter cup half cup one cup what
there's not enough crap warm white with
a green cable a thousand lights we ain't
gonna run out now are we we need to get
a new tree as long as I get the ratio of
water to mixture correct then it's all
good I just need to get that ratio all
right oh did you burn yourself already
like two seconds if filming yet we've
got bigger can't set up there so let's
switch over onto the bigger camera and
you can you can see what we've prepared
let's go I did it's a Christmas DIY
pancake making colorful decorations so
we've got yellow red purple attempted
black but it's more like a chocolatey
grey green pink and blue what we have it
depends what we want to both do the same
thing and see who can know okay
so both do you start with Christmas tree
one thing to remember I feel like I'm
shooting a pointless vlog video guys old
times old memories one thing to remember
number one this is our actual dinner
which reads like eat it number two
thing is opposite when you flip that
yeah yeah so if we do a face or like
anything that isn't symmetrical you have
to do it opposite okay yeah yeah I don't
even know what consistency this is like
looking good so far
oh we've done a little the name is like
color in green for me that's what I'm
thinking we've never done this before
like when I have kids this is the kind
of stuff I want to do flip reqtest all
right I'm gonna go like that because do
you want to start yours
boom in hey and you told me to save some
green are you job
why do it so big
I feel like this could be something fun
to do on actual Christmas Day with the
family yeah oh my god Zoey Lisa didn't
go on you cannot blame me Oh No what do
you this is my tree then no it's ruined
I'm so sad - Eric - oh my picket line Oh
beautiful guys check that out see I feel
like this is almost cheating now because
you're getting a second go and where's I
do yes I'm doing it differently
well that looks so good what we gonna go
to our next are we gonna go boo ball
are we gonna have free star are we gonna
go yeah okay how do we flip it now I
know oh my god that looks so good I'm so
annoyed because that counts as your
points for this round no it doesn't do
that
that's not my fault the pink exploded
round one
we've got these two here Oh yours
obviously wins that one
next up bull bull although you're a
let's go at the same time this time can
I please yeah okay and the platform yeah
well no one's used that be careful you
might explode it on the bit tight end
and then we're on
okay I'm done you done yeah I'm gonna
put the Bulbul on the plate
I think you win that round not new ally
that's my ball ball is massive there's
my ball ball that's a Zoe's I think
that's amazing right last round it's
currently one not last man must have
walked round the freestyle round look at
that that looks so good
and then mine's a little bit too hot it
looks like it's burning on the other
side yours is going to be so sick when
you oh my god it's so good
Oh multicolored poo emoji on his neck
find the ones Zoe's gingerbread man and
my ice cream poo I think I think you win
everything just oh you animal
yeah man it looks so good I think this
is something that we should have
practiced before filming yeah and then
we could have got really good at it let
us know give the video a thumbs up or
something if you want to see us do
another one in a vlog I just want it
like you didn't take very long I don't
this was like a main channel star video
I just want this to be like oh let's
have breakfast pancakes today okay let's
do pancake Oh just for fun that's his
senses ode you actually want to eat
these because they might be a bit too
food color a slightly or one I mean just
hear something band-aid yeah that was
fun mmm delicious snack ski beep Abba
dude ski boom as I said to you earlier
on today I did not realize that tonight
was posh and I kind of don't have any
 I have three shirts four shirts
one of them is like complete suit shirt
like proper proper posh the other one is
from so long ago that it's a medium I'm
now an extra-large the other one I got
sent to me and I feel like it doesn't
fit me although I think it might be a
medium as well there was some some
reason why I was gonna wear it couple of
months ago and I didn't this is the only
shirt that is kind of acceptable for
tonight in the respect that it's a large
so it is a bit small light it's quite
short but it's just plain and simple
it's okay it's nothing special but so
large it's quite quite short but yeah
these guys have been food shopping I
bought a tree we actually haven't had
dinner yeah right it's roll
see let me say goodbye I miss you
already let me say goodbye ta Oh bye bye
Missy we'll see you later tonight
see you in a couple of hours yeah I want
to show you a little gym update no you
are doesn't it that's it I love the new
train for like the wooden trim around
the glass the floors being installed
8:00 a.m. tomorrow the gyms getting
there guys it's getting there slowly but
surely it's getting there might not have
any equipment because it all got stolen
by that company but but it's getting
there
we've just arrived at marks bloody Allah
you've gone in literally you went to
town okay for everyone and just mean it
Westmacott
so this is this road oh my god we got
you this amazing we got you this as well
why is your comment
oh my god that's nice and small mark
it's just a tiny little one
it's just
it's a perfect size you said no you said
no tacky customers Dexter
sorry go stand next to it for a size
comparison yeah let's cut it facing them
oh yeah going you got this you got this
papi go Bobby go you're at the gym at
5:00 a.m. go okay
time's going you got it you got that one
you got
likewise the pulpit is goes down though
is it for sure go for the top and it's
on the worst what is
I really want mark to get it cut my shot
you have to mind your legs make you boy
that one trust me trust me trust me that
one you got a saying their goodbyes and
you drinking some water before we go see
you later
just got home but being Sean driving
back to there's so ni gun to bed it's
time to end the vlog this has been a
long one today guys I'm going to leave
the vlog here and they'll put on my
onesie get into bed if you've enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up subscribe if you're
not already turn my notifications on by
hitting that little Bell thing magic got
to set my alarm for 6:00 in your dress
the whole time I saw that early when I
was doing the backup I forgot sorry
about that was again saying I've got set
my alarm for 6:00 a.m. tomorrow
you'll see why in tomorrow's vlog but
yeah I'll catch you then good night guys
give the video a thumbs up subscribe to
the nice tough debate over go bait may
have ended the vlog already pick a
present and I've been present for today
can you put this one well this one I
think this won't be more fun this won't
be more fun for another time what do you
see Missy
how has more interested in some really
cozy bottoms on this so cozy yeah I love
thee I've been in the rug again second
ending Oh smack those shots now good
night debate right
