good morning my friends good morning how
you doing today you join us at the park
catching pok√©mon I mean definitely
walking neither that's definitely why
we're here at the park today is just to
take nylon a walk we're not just walking
around trying to catch as many Pokemon
as we possibly can Oh congratulations
iron and medal as well is this thing
about poisonous no moments captured
there oh yeah ten poison is tight and
that spoke when I got two medals just
now Zoey has been seriously getting into
the game since last night oh look look
could I just got level six huh wait is
this summit near me that's Pokemon near
me as well so it's British summer time
and we're wearing rain Mac's like
literally waterproof coats and it's
raining and when the park it's summer
come on Britain come on the UK what are
you doing what are you doing to me I
won't stop me going out then walking my
dog and catch and Pokemon let me know in
the comments down below how you're doing
don't let this rainy weather bring you
down guys we're still getting positive
we can still have lovely days we can
still watch movies inside and eat snacks
and delicious food when it's nice
weather we can go outside and enjoy it
and when it's bad weather we can stay
inside and enjoy it that's how I see it
anyway oh my gosh that kid is going fast
oh so it's next to you Cameron and baby
she says nori yeah was that nice was
that fun he's nearly all gone we've left
his face but that's all that's left of
Colin so change of plan I was going to
chill here and just relax even our own
staff was oh he is filming a new video
to go up tonight however Sean is just
with me Zoe I'm just heading to the
beach who Sean heading to the beach was
Sean
hey yeah Oh what just to hang out Oh
ha ha basically the best Pokemon are at
the beach knowjust Sean Sean's or Cho
basically sure it wasn't gonna happen
Sean I just had Sean what you up to and
he said I'm off to meet a friend his
friend isn't answering the phone so he's
got an hour now free and he's right down
by the beach so I get all drive down a
medium we can pokemon together fine but
you know but you'll be more productive
you're filming a new video I know having
a ball and you having a ball and this
little one is so sleepy
aren't you gonna go upstairs your mummy
gonna go lay down by the past with mummy
go upstairs your mummy cheers for the
coffee bro hey DeVoe c'mon we come down
to the beach to come and collect some
Pokemon this word on the street is as
rare poke
apparently this is the best spot Zuri's
gotten sorry literally said to me fine
take one on the pier so he said to me
Alfie can you bring my phone no
absolutely no cheated
oh my egg was inside it it was only 2
kilometre one what is it are you kidding
me I'd be after all of that way I just
get a zoo bass on oh I did get 310 XP
then I just won you this let's go
this girl watches my videos and just
asked me to have a go firm we want
should we get bit yeah whilst having a
picture with some of you guys that just
stopped me a bird food on me
great we've got a bird literally just
pooed on my back so we had to go and get
some tissue mortar and wash it off
luckily it's on my waterproof coat so I
didn't like sink into my glutes or
anything we're still playing Pokemon and
we're bumping into tons of you and I
just want that get a bloomin thing on
the governorship also random hey of
course you can how you doing that and
the JIT looks pretty damn scary now I go
on any roller coaster I reckon that
would make me feel sick I just got
Electra buzz and Shawn's bones messing
up he's not gonna be there how annoyed
electric buzz is my house worth away a
very successful Pokemon hunt that was
good time to get though the pier
wasn't that great for catching yeah
thing not too good but along the beach
yeah um across by the pier amazing
sleepyhead
CP ed you tired why are you tired this
is what happens every time I get into
bed to cuddles of a she cuddles the
pillows and faces the other way and I
have to just cuddle her you don't tell
them what you were doing this morning
Elfie walls are doing when you wanted to
cuddle me but not I wouldn't leave me
alone
haha boy did I was trying to cut was or
even Allah kept on getting in the middle
so I just kept on pushing her to the
other side of the bed didn't know Missy
she loves cuddling with me I mean like
oh she loved being in the middle but
look at your face in the other way you
never came I am a backwards hugger well
it backwards hi guys no I just meant you
don't I like to be cuddled from behind I
like to be the little spoon you like to
be the little spoon no basically I like
it when when people cut in front on like
facing each other and you whenever I get
good on you just face the other way
that's because look at what happens
Alfie doesn't think about my breathing
all sorry nothing about your breathing
you always pull me in I got my braces
stuck all on the pillow I got like this
mean like that so I can i cuddle you
like this he always has his head out to
the world and I get buried and me okay
well I'll go is smaller then okay let's
see how you like this yeah I will like
it hmm
yeah nice yeah can you breathe yeah no
you can you don't like get me make sure
you can't look at my heart next that
this morning this morning you had no I
didn't you put it like that this morning
Zoe decided to make my hair look like
this and then take pictures of me look
at the little curls amazing look at Nala
little booby nyla you look like a
Pokemon no she's my little Pokemon
gnarlie do you play pokemon go zap we
cook in time tonight I am going for
spelt make that tini spell trigger tini
naturally rich in fiber zoe is going for
four cheese ravioli and I'm gonna I'm
gonna freestyle it a little bit with
zombies idea I'm gonna cook it all mix
it with some tuna and some mayonnaise
then I'm going to put it in here layer
it up put a load of related mature
cheese on the top and make into a tuna
Mayo pasta bake pastor is on it says 8
to 9 minutes but because it's not fully
boiled yet I'm going to put it on you
know what just going to go for it 11
minutes or yours does look good good old
4 cheese
I think I went a bit overboard on the
cheese guys there we go I put it inside
another bowl just so I can pick it up
without burning my hands because it's
been in the oven that looks so delicious
what do we watch in spice world the
movie I've never had you seen this
before no that's not for you Missy
that's mine you've had your dinner it's
been a while since the last clip we've
just had a very very lovely catch-up my
yeah it was nice it was good I did she
haven't seen che when was the last time
I saw you like a month ago yeah about
that day's been to LA to France anywhere
else
No
that's it la I'm sorry this is only like
a month yeah a lot of traveling and I've
been to Greece and now we finally caught
up I'm not gonna say what we've just
spent the last like hour doing
we definitely haven't just been outside
walking around playing a certain game
we're just going to walk we're just
gonna walk and happened to find some
Pokemon warlordism new nests ha the time
it also was the time is the time is 40
past 20 minutes to 122 1 in the morning
I'm about to conduct a home productive
then I'm gonna drive home no it has been
productive no I'm not joking a husband
just got a look at a sick welcome I went
level 1 to level 6 real quick very
productive and just thought I would keep
you guys in the loop because I know this
vlog has been all over the place and
it's mainly been me I think maybe even
all of me the only bits are filmed of
today have been me playing Pokemon so I
apologize well I'm not going to be doing
this forever listen we're gonna get a
normal block I'm gonna do this forever
off-camera I'm gonna be doing this but
yeah I just wanna let you guys know that
just been hanging out che and we've had
some chill time but I'll see you guys
back at home I've just got home after
dropping che back to his mom's new house
which I thought was like I knew it's a
little bit further away than his old
house but um didn't realize it'd be a 40
minute drive 40 minutes
either way cheers Jay thank you so much
it's now 2 o'clock in the morning late
night Pokemon mission successful for
tomorrow's Monday no I'm going to be
tired now I'm going to pay for it
tomorrow so into my log when I wake up
I'm going to try everything to be
positive happy energized make more
successful because I know we can
don't ever let anything stop you from
doing what you want to do it's as simple
as that guys don't let somebody that
says something stupid don't let somebody
that thinks something about you don't
have something that judges you stop you
doing
what you want to do in life it's your
life hi I'm gonna end the vlog now cuz
I'm gonna head out to bed
those two Nala and Zoe have literally
been asleep I'm guessing for like three
or four hours since I left thank you so
much as always for the likes and all the
comments it means so much to me
I will catch you tomorrow I'll see you
then good good good
also I forgot I haven't done the sauced
box yet I haven't done the new selfie
choice healthy snacks I will try my best
to do that tomorrow goodnight goodnight
goodnight goodnight dad look at that
Terrapin that is a weird one I get
attacked by a Pokemon
