I can't get up literally can't even open
my eyes
it feels I could got into bed last night
I blinked open my eyes and now it's this
morning already
oh she checked the weather yeah I feel
like if the weather is good then it's
gonna make me feel like getting up is
easier I know who I forgot to pack them
away turn turn turn
okay I mean it's pretty grey but we're
gonna be optimistic and say at least
it's nice and bright okay right I need
to do my teeth get dressed and
everything oh good morning everydays oh
sorry I'm just thinking up everyone
using my emoji hey could you remove Gino
did you see a tweet tip of it last night
if you guys didn't has always got own
emoji on Twitter it's like when you use
the hashtag get online get online going
solo or zoella he comes up a little
picture I'm excited I'm just tired so
tired it's not even 9 o'clock and I'm
awake on a Saturday are you tired
do you wish we were back in bed I do
he's a doggie Oh
be calm and she'll be calm if you're
calm she'll be gone that's like me when
I remember that you'd say tonight
enjoy your doggie purses oh and I go off
to go and get some breakfast supplies we
haven't really got much in the fridge
we're missing quite a lot the key
ingredients for a delicious breakfast so
we're going to drive off to go and get
some yeah I think I'm thinking waking up
you proud that I'm awake so early then
up and out as well not even just awake
no I do feel good it's just really hard
to get up but once I'm up I really like
it and I think this is all we actually
need it guys so if you're unaware I've
been playing a few apps recently a few
different ones getting addicted to stuff
all over the place I feel like that's
what being on holiday makes you do
because you didn't reread so you were
just playing games and now I've got
Pokemon go like it's not officially out
but somebody sent me a download link on
Twitter and I've downloaded it and it
was working but now my 3G is just gone
and downloaded it last night
the only Pokemon I have so far is a
squirtle and I love squirtle also my
favorite one other of like the very very
basic Pokemon I did just find a Weedle
here outside Tesco but my 3g went so now
it's just saying like no then but
earlier on on the way there was a point
I don't hold it's called in the game
where you have to take a photo or like
show the camera the same point
so Zoe's nicely gonna pull over right
yeah yeah so that I can I can grab the
point on the map I don't know what I'm
gonna get I don't know what it's called
yet on the app what you I'll show you
I'll show you what I made
so is it you just carry on up hopefully
I've got good enough 3G can you get it
join it you out the car this guy is
probably doing the same thing I bet you
are you here to collect Pokemon are you
here to collect Pokemon if it is spin
the sign I've got three pokeballs sick
it works I got three pokeballs what does
that mean means I can collect more
Pokemon this is me I'm level two at the
moment I'll show you what pokemon I got
you know I said I've got a couple of
pokémon pokédex oh I did get the
wheedle even though the Wi-Fi when I
still got out oh that's good then what
else I got
yo is your boy gastly who's out there
yeah you know you off that old man if he
was collecting Pokemon yeah you're
talking about drugs or something are you
here to collect Pokemon no I think he
was a pokemon trainer like me yes yes
look now add it to my pokedex though is
doing a veggie fry up Zoe you don't need
this for your fry up that's not being in
it
look at my breakfast how jealous you
know jealous I love this chocolate I saw
this on the side and I had to Maya I'm
gonna put it in the freezer don't if you
guys know but I'm much prefer chocolate
when it's frozen Shawn I caught a weed
all caught a Weedle by the shop yeah
you know how many have caught bro you
should see I got a squirt or a Weedle a
PG and a ghastly like I need to go out I
need to go out so I can catch food I got
do the thing just like staying still in
bed who's this I've never met giraffe
before hello
oh no no no no don't eat me that's not
very nice is there you just eaten your
giraffe get off my head ah this looks
amazing thank you so much so he may or
may not have just booked a trip to
Edinburgh I did I didn't drive keep on
saying it wrong the place that we put
looks insane we have to wait for how to
respond first oh yeah
hopefully she likes the message of Omar
have you caught up oh come on what
Pokemon have you got a puggle not a
boggle it's another buckle the boys
getting away Oh where's your phone is it
go charge right guys we're going out for
a drive to go and find some Pokemon what
happens I don't know if it's life like
live are we going to end up trying to
catch the same thing this is what I'm
saying I don't know if if it's going to
be there for us whoever gets it first
getting my action we might get in a
fight we might catch something one of us
and the other one go for it and then
it's gone the other one got another win
thank you that's my Pidgeot bid yacht
I'm just gonna drive around and just
keep on driving Shauna's got my Pokemon
app down here I plugged in charge at my
phone Sean he's got this Pokemon game
there I'm just gonna drive around till
we see Pope I'm gonna drive slowly okay
I'm gonna drive around like this where
you can see the Pope gone though because
there's like the leaves are coming up
from the ground
does that mean there's so many over this
way I really wanted to see where that
mini yeah no we're going to the park
there's so many in the park what pokemon
no as in those little bleep points of
interest yeah yeah there's loads of
leaves going like that as well so I
presume they're the poke
she was just reminding me that we got
the boosted board we left it in the boot
right if you boosted board yeah I'll run
with these on behind you yeah there is
actually a bouldering thing in this park
but get my gotta catch'em oh dude it did
know I've only got 10% phone George oh
my gosh there's so much in front of us
oh come on
what is this look at this guy boy I'm
getting him he's here yeah it's mr. mime
oh I've got him I got him come on one -
oh you're right if you guys play the
Pokemon go up come to home park so good
there is so many points fans yes I can
get that one oh yeah
another three pokeballs yo I got it wait
does that mean that you can't get it now
try and get the wooden bass line from
a-put Thomas just phone their poker ball
over here they missed yo I got him I got
him
you got Zubat you've got six I've got
five now son just got that medal this
isn't even funny
I've got 1% phone George alright I'll
catch no all right I'm literally gonna
watch now until you go near places then
I'm just gonna get my phone out okay
that's a good plan oh my god no no no no
Sean Sean that's not even funny I let
you said oh my god there is a Pokemon
there's a Pokemon just here and I just
also got an egg you got I've got one of
the egg does that Pokemon yeah that's
the guy that just the eggs dude you have
to hatch this so basically an egg you
have to travel a certain distance for it
to hatch quickly get the doggy's did you
get it basically if you used use one of
your incense now yeah there's this funny
thing going around me luck it work
Sean's getting a drowsy trying to get
drowsy Oh
what have you done we've got to live the
hotel a Liverpool hotel not an F in D so
Liverpool is on the way to basically
because it's like an eight-hour Drive
sky up to Edinburgh we're gonna stop off
for one night and live on the way to
split the drive is there good Pokemon
there yeah you seen the park my phone
died after being there for about two
minutes on our charge on the
Borderlands sure was lover now I've got
so many games you can't dig it
no no no giggling about a Caterpie your
is that the room yeah this is very show
well I don't know if we're in me gonna
get yeah surely look like Instagram
heaven oh my god
okay right guys I'm not gonna show you
what it looks like because I don't want
to ruin the look of that the look of the
hotel but it is insane you'll see when
we go there like a couple of months I
didn't I'd tell you guys what Poppy's
got baby he had a baby a little fairy
one oh no I love her up here now they're
coming him as you know pop he wants a
dog so much to the point where she's
made up an imaginary dog called chichi
yeah we take the MIT that she doesn't
have a dog so whenever we go home
somewhere and I'm like I can't wait to
see now a little bit so I can't wait to
see Gigi but what breed of dog is chichi
a French Bulldog
so you just spent the last couple of
hours with my grandma and my auntie and
uncle and cousins who are over from
Vietnam and Uruguay my cousin lives
decor grabbed Zoey's now on Pokemon gone
as well do you like it it agent I didn't
touch him Oh papi you're missing out
you're the only one I'll download it for
you're on your phone guys we've had such
a fun day we've just headed onto the
beach because we're gonna head to the
Sea Life Center thank you so much I feel
like there's going to be some good water
pokemon in the Sea Life Center but my
phone has like all can we go up but my
phone has like nine percent charge off
it is little doggie but my phone has got
barely any charge so I can't really play
it for too much longer which is making
me sad though is the only one with phone
charge how much charge have you got in
your phone watch look at the one I just
got he's really cute in the camera
here we go I always forget how expensive
this place is to come I remember though
he's in another world
look at that Pokemon look at that one
did anyone else yes Sean got them as
well not just me do we get to go
swimming is that what these goggles are
for I love the ceiling in here the
rainbow is amazing hello mate how you do
it
look a little Nemo in here
that is so cute so it's scratching
himself against the little bit
ah is it like a little pocket this is
where I want to go swim it would you get
in there
would you know I'd love to ben'll sharks
McDowell's
oh my gosh that's as long as me
look at this little face ahaha you know
these guys are proper going for
apparently there's turkey someone oh no
way they've even got climbing frames
look at this guy up there just hanging
out
he looks like a rare Pokemon checking
he's evolved quickly try and catch them
on your hat bro get copies made some
friends oh look look at that Terrapin
that is a weird one I get attacked by a
Pokemon I know what numbers on them just
so then I know which ones which unless
they're racing them come on Shawn
come on come on mate you can't even see
the size of that turtle that is so big
he's much bigger than me he is massive
we can't even imagine how happy he is
have you lost your boyfriend
we don't know where Sean is he was with
us one minute
next minute shocked YP in him
continue oh and finally my favorite bit
the gift shop come on give it a kiss
governor gang let's grow shoot on the
beach hey baby
hey hey hey gorgeous way out sure you
play with a toy it's good llama you
already sleep in I was just thinking
Nala that we could go out for a walk or
do you think we go for a walk
Jonte whilst mommy edits a video she
mean you go for a walk coming in let's
go on a walk little one see you in a bit
coming then the state your harness off
you let's take this off of you Missy
could go one leg
good girl on the other one get going
your head
good then oh yeah
should we get your treat for being a
good girl what's that it's quite a bit
later in the evening now and I thought
was to take Nala on a walk that would be
the prime time to going action Pokemon a
Pokemon go however for some reason the
servers were down which meant that I
couldn't use that app that isn't out in
the UK yet I got it on like a some weird
link someone sent me on Twitter so
they're still sorting out all their
servers and everything at the moment
it's not the best now but it's not meant
to be out now so I can't really complain
it's not time to go to bed that you know
me and my crazy partying lifestyle that
I have with Zoe and Nala
we're gonna go to bed boys the time 20
past 10:00 on a Saturday and I'm heading
up to bed
I think he's always still in bed
entertain a vlog or something what are
some snacks up yes really what snacks
Terry chocolate orange for you that one
for me
you
we're never going to be able to walk up
there ready slowly you have to walk up
