good morning little one you sleepy is
you sleepy
give me your hand no use them better
good sleep okay good morning guys good
morning good morning and welcome back to
another glorious day
here I never used the word glorious look
at my hair just got out the shower I
haven't done anything to my hair yet we
need our daily weather check dun dun dun
look at that I mean for Brighton that's
quite nice like I'm barely open my eyes
which means that we've got some kind of
sunshine somewhere even if it's hiding
behind clouds it is there and it made
wow the clouds moving fast but then if
you can see but look at this they're
moving so fast that could mean that
we've got a blue sky coming blue sky
what's that saying
blue sky at night Shepherd no that's not
right is it so I've got a meeting that
starts in like 59 minutes but I want to
have a lot of fun today so we're heading
back outside I think we're gonna get the
bouncy castle out I bought something
ridiculous that goes with the bouncy
castle that I didn't use the other day
when we got them out to castle out so
give me a minute to put this back out
I'm going to blow it all up and
everything I'm I've literally got a
meeting at the house in 58 minutes or
something and they can be sat there at
the kitchen table and they're gonna love
why why is this kid who were working
with got a bouncy castle in the garden
let's put some shoes on
like that in here gnarly not gonna want
to sit there Missy
I genuinely didn't mean to do that
this is awesome - even some bavin you
know it's just like an amazing bed it's
way too high outside I'm gonna have to
quickly change into a t-shirt pop a gum
here no look come here do I try
something no just thought I'd show you
this I'm bout to get some salmon for
lunch I thought I'd teach you how to do
it show me to teach you
wha mousse didn't I'm about to teach you
know add soy sauce I'm bad teacher
I don't know ginger sorry teacher
we've just finished up our last meeting
for today
Zoey tell everyone we're off day and I'm
saying you because I'm blaming you on
this she's going to get a healthy dinner
I don't think that's healthy chick so
you're only getting chips laughs aah
laughs aah oh my gosh mozzarella differs
Ange what you going for I'm gonna be
good cause I've got arrested my food
diary if Malloy
so you know going for anything back home
and time for cute dinner date is so
romantic
McDonald's oh my god so cute
I'm so excited you just did a really
impressive - crystal okay - purse let
YouTube Mitchell try got a little bit
sometimes I do it by accident when I say
yes s gone bro you got this you got it
front-flip yeah I'm gonna try this isn't
gonna work out you always got it you
could have landed on your feet then but
I've got a surprise
got something for us you wait there so
you guys know when I was wearing holiday
I ordered a ton of new fun stuff just to
do in videos like ridiculous things and
look at this oh my god
large belly bump balls large inflatable
balls basically look like raspberries
and you wear them in your fight now
there's no better place to fight then on
a bouncy castle because you can't get
hurt I'm will be sure you ready we're
gonna have fires we're gonna have sumo
fights as raspberries giant raspberries
your ID enough of blown up on holiday
all of the stuff we had to blow up less
of a race who can blow it off the
fastest look this is Hugh they're
massive
there's so many to come bit slow heart
rate individually you have you know
these will blow up things you have one
on every single segment
let's go be so hard going breath
one light won't take it is there
I don't have to do this oh my gosh these
because they're so deflated like they're
so tight with no air in them it's
impossible to blow up
though if we use them like that you're
definitely gonna get hurt
honestly feel like I'm gonna pass out
any second like I can't even speak my
lips feel so numb and light from blowing
this up
I've done one two three segments out of
six then come done blooming thing I just
spent like blooming half an hour blowing
you up how's it going done you done
give me some bro all right you put yours
on
or the old words at all
there we go hey oh my god
I'm gonna go get a tripod to put the
camera rod quick I've got you guys on a
little tripod where is he
I love it it looks so good right let's
do this
oh I just flashed my face do you guys
come here
hello you have to walk up the road we're
never gonna be able to walk up there
ready slowly you have to walk up
this is the most ridiculous vlog I've
ever filmed right ready
you have to remit up you'll get a jump
you're gonna dive over the top yell a
bit up there go and then you got this
yeah you're on your neck
going you got this you look like a tat
oh my eyes got stray up where's my hat
gone all right let me go get a bigger
tried on your head mistakes no I did oh
my god
on this lane like these are amazing like
this I am like sweating out I'm just
gonna put some shorts on so then if you
remember but a few months ago a game got
did I just break the bed a game got in
touch with me called best fiends and I
played it in a video and showed you guys
you absolutely loved it I loved I think
I think when I left I was on because I
remember I was stuck on that level I was
tweeting you guys realize anyone done
this yet you guys will send me
screenshots sending you beating it I
think I was stuck on level 29 with the
same app got in touch with me again a
couple of days ago and they will I hate
Alfie we would love to work on a video
together we would love to produce a
video of you playing finally beating
level 29 which I have already done and
just showing you guys the game and a bit
about it and stuff and just playing it
with you in a vlog and as you know I'm
super fussy about which brands I work
with in videos and which ones I promote
but this is like genuinely a really fun
game and I've already played there and
I've shown some of you here and some of
you might not have already seen it so
this game is called best fiends the game
looks like wait let me go back to the
menu menu I'm already in a game how can
I show you what it looks like I'll put
the icon on the screen you might the
icon looks like this
this is like the game app icon thingy so
once you click on that game you start
off wait let me show you like this I
should probably just do this on my
gaming channel oh well I'm already doing
it now I was stuck around here somewhere
like 29 30 or 31 this morning I just got
passed here I was stuck on 58 last night
in bed and now I'm on 62 I've got two of
these left right let's spin there you
see what we get
fiend or fortune we're spinning come on
come on get the little huh oh my gosh
I've never got that before that is so
rare let's have a go at this level sixty
two together so we need to kill eight of
those get thirty and thirty here we go
let's do that that's better you're got
five of those
we've only got 17 moves left we've got
to be careful or that was good for the
blues that's very good for the blues ah
look how many I've just got in one go
you're naughty oh my gosh I just okay
I'm going to be overexcited here look at
that we haven't done it we had two more
of the bosses to kill restart that is
just obscene look at this you ready I
need twelve more four moves left to kill
two of them this is crazy
please please please ah yo your
challenge is to beat me I'm gonna carry
on playing the tweet you guys which
levels I'm on and you guys have to try
beat me so I'm currently I do get a
little bit of a head start if you
haven't already done it
imma level 63 as you just saw go
download it I'll leave a link down below
I'm just adding this in now because I
completely forgot to say yesterday if
you're playing the game on Sunday July
the 10th then there's gonna be a free
gift in the game there's also a new
quest which is kind of like a side game
which is only available from level 100
so I've still got a long way to go some
of you guys might already be there or
going to be there soon and if you beat
genes quest which is the centipede
character you can win gold and diamonds
anyways I just thought I should let you
guys know that because I completely
forgot to let you know yesterday carry
on with the video Alfie has somebody
eaten more Colin
have you eaten some Colin did you eat
some Colin or was it you you look
incredibly guilty and now you're
ignoring me
did you recall in did you eat some of
Colin
she looks so sad I'm blaming her was it
you was it you she had what to one of
those things that I was no saying was
one of Zoe's things one of those no yeah
lumping have you got big juicy lips were
you trying to get a boyfriend or
girlfriend like him again will you begin
like one of the Kardashians with big
juicy lips we try not we chime oh she's
getting shy were you trying Kylie's lip
back lip get whatever it's called I
haven't shown you guys how much of Colin
more or less I've eaten by myself so far
since we bought in the other day in MLS
he's like half gone and that's probably
mostly down to me
I'm also cut today with like a spatula
or something which probably isn't the
best thing to be cunning with poor guy
at least your face is still that I just
remember I completely forgot the early
on I was cooking salmon I turned it off
so it's not like burnt and overcooked
but we were in a meeting so I never got
a chance to eat it so I'm just going to
like chop it all up now put it in a
little Bowl and eat it tomorrow so the
girls are about to fall asleep and for
some reason they've managed to choose
the film that we're watching tonight
yeah never ever seen this before we're
watching Fifty Shades of Grey you guys
are going to watch like a second of it
and then fall asleep
but you've already said how much you
can't see the guy in a do you buy fancy
em who is a I've never seen Jamie Dornan
never heard of him before no checkup it
talked about Jamie's got a little dog
oh that's why Jenna
Jamie's doorknob
he hasn't even shown his face yes only
showed his toy did you say so mysterious
is how I fancy him she fancies Ain she
fancies aimbot there's his face though
know that Jamie's gone up on Twitter
this film is really weird like I didn't
I don't know I didn't expect it's real
of this you go to bed stay down here
stay down here
my way not I'd wanna stay here during a
go from II just come in we take you out
to the toilet you look so cute
complete you've got say that the new
sauce box arrived the other day I
haven't opened it yet so we should do
another or less a little sneak peek okay
don't tell Zoe we're doing this don't do
ruin right no more looking lose it
quickly I'm going to put this on the
side here and tomorrow we're going to go
through that and try them all out like
usual night guys see in the morning
not a wife good night no no my hair so
stripes have been wearing a holiday look
at it that you won't do anything right
I'm going to do my teeth no guys putting
my braces and head to bed
Justina spider I hate spiders so much if
that spider crawls around the door and
it can go right into my bed I don't like
this remember while ago and we named a
spider in my vlogs I think his name was
Mildred I'm not too sure comment down
below its name but it wasn't a little
spider I was a big one and it was
actually last night I was going for a
wee hear or standing up and there was
like a daddy longlegs I wanted the big
long-legged ones here and I was so
scared I'm rushing my ways so much so
that it wouldn't jump on me but now I
don't know where it's gone that's not a
good thing because definitely has a
class like the windows being closed
I mean am i vlogger no guys thank you so
much for following me around today I'm
sorry that I got stuck in meetings for
such a big percentage of the day but
they had to be done they went really
really well and I still had a lot of fun
this evening with Sean and poppy and Zoe
it's Friday which means tomorrow is the
weekend which I'm so excited about I'll
catch you tomorrow have you having a
lovely weekend already let me know what
you're up to in the comments and I'll
see ya two more oh good good good good
good good NAT oh I forgot to say if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
and subscribe let's see if we can get
let's see if we can get 20 mm um ZUP
that's your challenge go down below hit
the thumbs up button I'll catch you
tomorrow goodnight bloom in smokey oh my
god that's four isn't it I like that I
love how it keeps going round there yeah
