good morning guys good morning good
morning I've literally just woken up
slept with my hat on last night at the
end of yesterday's vlog I had this on
woken up today and I'm still gonna I'm
joking I haven't I just put it on don't
worry we've had a super productive
morning since I've been back from
holiday I told you guys they were gonna
make it productive then we're gonna have
fun long videos every single day and
that is what I'm sticking to I'm still
in bed because I've just been editing up
the daily vlog that is what I've been
doing it is currently oh it's just
finished uploading is processing at the
moment this one was called sleeping on
the beach we haven't seen it already go
show some love go give her some thumbs
up go enjoy it it's like a 27 minute
long vlog and we had a ton of fun
yesterday we went to a cinema on the
beach in double beds like it was crazy
we've got our daily weather check don't
do dude oh that's not too bad actually I
mean it's not a blue sky like yesterday
but I don't think that's too bad should
we go have some fun shall we well I need
to jump in the shower first and get
dressed and everything I need to do my
teeth though he's been up and out of bed
with niala for the last couple of hours
she's currently in a meeting downstairs
wow she's in a meeting and I'm still in
bed although I have edited my blog so it
has been right let me get in the shower
and then let's go some fun my head's a
little bit crazy today we're just gonna
have to gonna have to go with that one
there's not much I can do about it has
just gone incredibly fluffy and big I'm
all dressed and ready for today I'm
jeans with rips in in so long I used to
love these jeans I just found them at
the bottom of my drawer because I still
have an unpacked from the holiday yeah I
haven't even opened the suitcase and so
he's done all about washing and
everything so I was trying to find some
black jeans to wear because my favorite
black jeans obviously in the suitcase
because I took them on holiday but I
found these ones and I quite like these
ones I got any t-shirt on as well from
Palace which I really really like and
look how well I've made the bed and
basically domestic God good morning
gorgeous
good morning what are you looking at if
you seen a birdie look at your little
face how can I leave you we'll be back
in a few hours
yeah I'll be back soon you're going to
look after the house look at that coming
there you go into your bed gone to bed
there you go
you enjoy that and we'll be back soon
still isn't fix I don't know why getting
it like there is a 50% chance that I'm
gonna get stuck I think is luck again
I'm not here you go got your juice
Sanjana I've just sat down to plan some
new merchandise we've got lots of
exciting stuff coming out soon some
limited some got limited we're just
trying to work out the order and when to
release things and how often if you
could have any piece of merchandise item
what would it be
comment it down below or tweet at pp
merge we finish up planning all of the
new merch super exciting stuff coming
soon we've got somebody researching and
looking at all of the stuff for who can
make it and everything so get excited I
just remembered that I've got all of the
new posters here so if you guys are
audience signed posters they are coming
they're coming I just need to sign them
all I'm going to sign some later on
there is like one two three four five
ten things there that's probably like a
couple of thousand posters if you want
one links down below I'm gonna sign them
all later
we're now heading out for lunch we're
gonna meet Zoe Carrie
Megan who you guys never met before and
Maddy let's go and we're going to a
hacker I'm so excited
well hey
and you're embarrassing me my blog I was
fine it was such a lovely day and I've
even got sunglasses wife I got these on
it was so lovely this morning
practically a blue sky I even showed you
not now it's like gray and rainy this
isn't cool had just got like a jumpsuit
or a skirt on and it's raining the woman
we just said we're looking for Table six
she went was it the guild selfie stick
oh yeah the selfie sticks out I said as
I was talking about in the ice cream on
the other day cactus and cos yes got
chicken here sweet potato fries chicken
Tinga here and this is the cactus what
cactus I don't know how that is going to
taste is you're gonna spike my time
that's weird I don't know if I like it
or not it tastes good but I don't want
to like it just cactus
there's some skills a woman's Lia
holding like 30 glasses at once
back at the office I've got two guests
arriving here who I just don't want to
say I really don't want them coming over
go away guys you so much whenever you
everyday
your boss is what my t-shirt
what knows you don't wear glasses
they're just glass they're trying to
look cool aren't they they're not real
glasses oh my gosh
have you been ironing today Bob have you
been ironing today probably Nanji doing
emails over there I'm currently playing
an iPhone game and all my blog is ready
and everything to go up tonight it is
currently five minutes past 4:00 in the
afternoon so 55 minutes until my vlog
goes live Sean it's currently editing a
new video that's one ready goes up at
7:00 I don't think I've got enough cups
in my office I've only got a couple just
so yeah hey
hey hey hey Joyce you play table tennis
well let's have a doubles game Paul you
see no good Angela tennis Suburbia Shawn
I'm just going to go into Papi's car I'm
just boosted him back to my car at the
moment we're both going to drive back to
my house this is getting a little bit
confusing and then we're just gonna see
what happens hopefully have some fun
tonight
as my dougie hey where's my police good
like this the dogs didn't join me to
teach you how to get your dog to love
you more than your partner if you have a
dog know that joint your dinner don't
eat your food until I tell you if you
love me more than mummy wait oh wait
wait if you love me more than mummy eat
your dinner now go on then Oh Savage
she doesn't gonna eat it good girl I may
or may not have had a piece of Colin for
breakfast I was too embarrassed to tell
you guys I just I tried to I tried to
hide it from Zoey I just at the end as
the baby was oh they're all gone
they are there was only five I had tunes
oh he had three oh you can oh my gosh
Colin is so tasty it's been a mouthful
yeah that's it that's it with a slice
for you just on the stem I just want to
eat pollen can I eat Colin gonna eat the
bear Colin mum that's calling I have a
little bit of column I'm gonna rule this
 I love how you've got Colin in one
bit and an apple in the other they're
trying to pretend you're healthy it just
got changed it's incredibly hot for some
reason it wasn't that hot early today I
think it was ever since we're playing
table tennis yeah and we were like
running around
I've got incredibly hot we're trying to
decide what to do this evening like it's
a pretty lovely evening and we don't
really have any plans what do you think
we should do pop you want to eat as I
was in a meeting upstairs at the moment
she's about to finish any minute I think
what we should do is go to the park take
the boosted boards and play basketball I
do want to like properly play basketball
but I can imagine cuz it's a nice even
both the basketball court like the net
so get my taker down
yeah there's only two hoops but then
they both can be taken we could get the
back to castle out play basketball the
bus
we could play basket one the batter down
but the nets on you like this big I
don't have a board that fits most huge
play pretend like a tennis ball um you
think I want to trampoline jet ski
hahaha why don't you give me quite a
strike yeah I'm like a trampoline you're
like a jet ski
she's alright let me make you a sandwich
what you want in your sandwich Joanna :
sandwich gonna you gonna make dinner for
everyone me first we go to the park you
make pizza I just want salmon and quinoa
with soya sauce story to teach admitted
salmon bar going to feature I teach you
rights what you do is you get the salmon
out darling potatoes work it in see you
later
so we're heading off to go and play
basketball the only place that I can
think that won't be incredibly busy on a
lovely evening like this is probably my
old school basketball court I haven't
been back there since I was it's not
like inside I don't have to break in
it's literally like public access
quality there if you have to like jump
oh no no no no no it's just on like a
field I'll show you guys when I get
there but um I haven't been what the
gates doing my driveway gates are like
frozen so I can't drive out I know they
closed in
anyways I haven't been back there since
I was like year 11 so how old you then
16 yeah
16 is it 16 of them I know even a
possible Court so anymore
that's been like 6 or 7 years anyway
let's go we'll have to see right we'll
leave you in there there's no point
taking you let's just take these two you
climb in there there's an entrance over
the other side you can just walk in up
there oh yeah we're going down there
alright then imagine if I hurt yourself
myself I'll catch you on camera
he's already out and so did you hurt
myself
Oh rip my jeans now if you're a meth all
right gonna backflip off of it okay go
for it ready three two one mind those
ankles ooh Oh
parkour that was sick let me tell you a
little bit about my school and
everything that I used to go to if
you've read my new book I'm sure you
will know some stuff about it this
school here is called Vaughn being
secondary school the logo up there as
you can see on the fence is a dolphin it
is an amazing school I had so much like
I absolutely loved school I went here
it's the best school ever Wow they've
even got flood lights up there now blow
on the football pitch play is fancy but
this little green be head and if you can
see it's all fenced off that used to be
basketball courts that was all we used
to hang out when we were call that's all
we used to come on Friday nights before
like house parties and stuff for yeah
sadly now or not sadly for the school
because it looks amazing the football
pitches they've got there but sadly for
us it's private property now so we can't
go on bro they're trained up you can see
the chain on the top can you see yeah oh
I trained the football nets together
by left what is that oh my god stringer
the rival school to my old school down
there look at those football pictures
they've got then no I've never seen that
before in my life
what bro we need to find a football go
somewhere look they've locked these ones
up as well we could have easily used one
of those Nets but they've locked them up
damn it
and this is the place that we originally
came to go to this is what it looks
amazing this is what they've changed it
into this history basketball courts this
is really cool kids hang out and we used
to sit along this wall but look at all
they are oh I want to play football in
there so bad look at that goal row I
think there might be basketball nets
that we can use right in the distance
should we go get the basketball should
we just play with this look at this gym
equipment they've got this is cool and
this bits just genuinely open to the
public and then let you can walk around
there and go play basketball there we
can just walk around I'm gonna make this
shot he says oh that was close that was
close
did you think yeah yeah John boyega you
can almost UNK that I reckon you good oh
come on guys Bret hey you know that you
could get it going go for it don't hurt
yourself
no it's good yeah made you by swinging
backdrop
he won oh he's done it he's done it
Oh gone right we need to go home we do
the girls are cooked us dinner and there
I'm so hot oh my gosh Sean you trying to
dunk
this one's taller I think I love how we
brought a basketball left it in the car
played basketball with a football
instead great one who remembers those
rulers this was like my childhood ruler
oh my gosh that's why I did my history
my geography lessons my Oh what was on
there maybe English was the second level
here that one was re I think religious
education or religious studies I think I
might be called now I'm not sure over
here was i I see tea and stuff like that
up there was my art lessons there was my
textiles lesson dragged on a in in that
classroom right there this one I go an A
in GCSE have we locked ourselves in we
never went through any gates are we
locked in what I'm just sitting on the
wall of the front entrance of the school
at the moment that's the sign they're
minding school if you go to this school
I've decided something fun to do for you
it's going to sound a bit random if you
don't my hoodie here it is brand-new
this is the first time I've ever worn
this hoodie it's a PB hoodie it
medium I'm going to put it down here
down the side of the wall
let me check it's got nothing in the
pockets first leave my wallet in there I
thought my car keys take my car as well
right it's all empty I'm going to leave
this vide I'm going to roll it up this
looks so dodgy and weird and I'm going
to leave it here just down the side of
the wall okay so if one of you guys want
a free PV hoody yeah let's hope it
doesn't rain I've left it down the side
of the wall let me show you again where
it is this is the front entrance to the
school that's the sign and I've left it
down in this corner down here good luck
guys it's hidden behind that wall there
good luck
we need to walk back onto the car and
head home Friday tomorrow is it Friday I
know it's going to find the evening when
this goes up so you might not see it to
Monday it's going to Friday evening at 5
p.m. when this video goes up so you
might have to go back into school if you
want that if you get it please tweet me
a picture like keep on tweet me and keep
on tweeting the picture of you wearing
it and tweet a picture of you wearing it
outside my school with the school sign
so I know that it's definitely you and
not just somebody pretend him that they
got it and they actually live like
whales or something yeah I got out there
John got a where's my dinner
who this looks good all right we
finished up dinner my friends it is time
to try out I don't know if this is safe
although it does say indoors on them
indoor fireworks oh yeah we should keep
nodding away I have no idea what to
expect with these 25 items on the back
we've got snakes alive over there we've
got sizzling strobes flash Harry blazing
Bengals ice fountains Puff the Dragon
disco inferno that Bloomington's
dangerous in indoor sparklers I feel
like this is something that I should
take a minute to read the instructions
for unlike the bouncy castle where it
doesn't really matter too much if things
go wrong if fireworks indoors go wrong
then we remember trouble fireworks
suitable for in
or use Zoe's life because she thinks
that I shouldn't do these inside I'm
going to open the windows just to make
sure it says on the back I have read the
back as well that we should get some
good ventilation in case there's smoke
coming off of some of them some of them
you have to do on a surface and some of
them I think you can hold what do you
think all right open up and see they're
really like yeah I know well the team oh
that's sick look at them there - cool
yeah these looks so cool so some of them
will just hold and some of them you just
place on this which it says so the best
thing to it the one is a baking tin with
a tea towel underneath in case they get
hot then it doesn't burn any of this I'm
inserting this early because we've just
done the fireworks and they are quite
dangerous especially one of them so far
so what you're about to see if you buy
the same package or something please do
it like an adult or guardian or just be
careful if you're doing it guys the
packet says you have to be 16 or over
take it seriously some of them are more
fun some of them like that one that we
just did was quite scary I hope you
enjoy their we do these ones yeah okay I
just do one of them and see what it's
like okay so it said the best way is not
that way there's art right that way the
better than whoop it rolls around number
one Shawn with it rolls around bro he'll
be alright
what's he doing
I'm running out March is it not doing
anything
no come on huh huh here we go hi it's
first to look like that yeah is it doing
what is happening why is it doing that
ah can you guys even see that so cool
why is it pooing on the table on in boys
happenin no I just not wore to
everywhere pop down the light on quick
turn the light on look at this still go
in what I just knocked a whole glass of
water over oh I need to mop all of this
on it's all in the electricity crap crap
all in my boosted wall charger I don't
think that worked too well so I'm in
three at the same time boys it snakes an
eye on ignition attack Oh snakes alive
it will continuously expanded into a
slithering snake watching or as these
baby slithering serpents hiss and swell
their way into adult managers they did
but we just had the lights off so we can
see it oh wait what numbers does it say
doing the dark two three five in that
this is number one so that's the one
that we're not meant to do in the dark
there's two of them that you're not
meant to do in the dark she did them
again oh he's going he's on his back go
go little Smith you hear the mission
that will do it out turning into my
Anita's mate
fingers or something I mean these are
pretty weird indoor fireworks if you ask
me demons coming out of the table that
does actually look like it's coming out
at the table oh-oh-oh like charcoal
shite ah they're not very hot right
number two we have blazing Bengals ego
is we meant to hold done yeah oh my god
strike it you understand paper okay
ready yeah I'm scared this is literally
just like a match won't bloom it up
where there's ghosts in my head run the
name Oh mine's gone already
we should it just for outdoor fire worse
this is a blazing Bengal can you not
tell oh it's just sizzling strobes do we
know how to burn it sizzling strobes
we're doing two at once I set fire to it
with a blazing Bengal no fireworks you
ready bro they've got a night vision I
might come on which is basically an
iPhone light again yeah dude them both
oh wait let I'll do I'll do one okay let
me put the that down great huh oh it's
sparking green why that one's really
cool that was actually really cold
blooming smokey oh my god
that's cool isn't it I like that I love
how I keep going round there yeah yeah
oh it's lighting up the whole room it's
not my mommy Milus oh one be my little
island boola goodbye on to number four
ice fountains I don't know how we're
gonna do these ones Brody
I reckon we're gonna have to hold them
do you think I'm actually scared to do
this one just don't get straighten there
if you worry Andy I'm scared bro am I
going first are we doing it I get it hey
that's not funny why of fireworks tell
em away from me I like this fellas
dangerous oh my gosh Oh Oh imagine it
will register but no that was sick that
was my favorite one so far
how'd you do disco inferno disco and
burner is it smoky blues hinged flame
before bursting into a bright flash oh
right let's put them all again do we
line them up on here again go go go Oh
Shirley ah he's alive up Oh
Oh they won't fall in over why would
wait let go whoa it's like heaven it
does not look really cool though the
fire is really cold yeah where's the
flower wanna snap chat though where's my
phone
alright next one next one number six
right we do the slash Harry stand up
again how'd you do these ones yeah like
the triangles Oh one's gonna fall over
Oh No what I don't
mission that's the same as the first
ones is now yeah the same I love that
one even smell indoor firework
you know even ready Puff the Magic
Dragon oh man I don't know how you do
this one how do we do this one Zoe
didn't it say to narita our soldiers
path comes to life and his furious
ignite his smoking nostrils tear
everyone hold them away but no I think
we like both ends no definitely don't
hold out I think we stick them in
somewhere if I do it like that and then
you can like both ends you ready oh no I
it'll burn oh no no he's come out the
other end mean something came out the
other end that's just much isn't it what
is it I could bees me so much whoa
sure oh it just blew across the table at
me bro fine if I'm smoking my eyes oh my
god again oh my god this room is so
smoky it just popped the magic dragon
just went into me it just swept along
the table where yeah you like that one
maybe we were meant to stick that one
into something literally whizzed along
the tables a lit match down on the table
no I didn't mean to
because no it's because the Puff the
Magic Dragon went to many scared me so I
dropped my match we've still got one
left oh my god it's even smoke you out
here can you guys see the smoke in the
air it's all smoky here look the last
one is called I know this is a sparkler
the last one is just normal sparklers
already here you go quickly PB what are
you watching
zombie go shorty one guy what oh yeah I
know it might so close to my hand I'm
scared it's gonna burn the tape roll it
on there we've just had fireworks night
this is the last one everybody enjoy it
make a wish
everybody make a wish comment down below
your wish don't really otherwise it
won't come true
hey the lights back on let's look at the
damage let's look what's your opinion
don't do it no I think fire alarms is
too smooth
it's so smooth and you know what I just
don't think it was like cool why not
really the first ones the like those poo
in snake ones I mean I was not expecting
that show me I move although they're
like the little fountain one to be
really cool yeah I wanna like nothing
compares to proper outdoor fire on a
snake over a one one leg that'd be so
it's like a Pringles you've just gotten
men like one of those big floppy things
outside like shot
wibbly-wobbly inflatable tube ends yeah
why do them anyways I enjoyed the
fireworks I thought the the Bombers were
good cool let's check we've burnt the
table anywhere things I dropped yeah
I've kind of might have to buy you a new
one of these Zowie
I completely forgot to say why poppy
will
here earlier on when we were doing the
fireworks it's because Sean and popper
you're working out tomorrow morning
they've got a like a what I want to
fitness class a workout class at 6:30 is
a 6:30 6:30 so 6:30 a.m. in the morning
and Sean is being a trooper a warrior
and staying up later but probably left
at half past 8:00 to go to bed I also my
head looks like lit like an easter egg
that's stay for the fireworks exactly
the fireworks celebration but pop is
gone and she's literally asleep now she
says she's got five and Zoey's just
going up to bed well I said where I've
been laptop club chillin chillin on the
laptops I'm gonna put you little one to
bed mummy and I'm gonna go and drop Sean
home you're so tired lately
she was so confused she's her wait
where's my mom gone she was here when I
was awake she's gone upstairs to bed
we're gonna put you up there as well
lookey your little legs good two livery
for mommy
got a little puppy delivery Zoey got a
delivery for you oh sorry
so I'm to drop you home
all right I think I'm gonna end my vlog
down here it's not everybody I don't
really want to go wow I still smoke in
here I don't really want to go upstairs
and just wake Zoey inada up because it's
probably been like half an hour or so
since I dropped nod off and she was
straight asleep under the covers with
Zoey so hope you enjoyed the vlog today
everybody hope you've had a lovely day
it's interesting because every time I
vlog I assume you're watching it at that
time that I'm currently at so when I
start my videos I say good morning guys
but it might not be the morning for you
I rode them at 5 p.m. in the evening but
I'm saying good morning but it's thick
it's weird because it's the morning from
a denial never thought about it before
but tonight when I was watching back my
new databook that went up tonight
yesterday for you I was watching it in
the evening obviously when it went out
and I said good morning guys and I'm
like wait sort of the morning for me why
do I say good morning but then it is the
morning from I don't know I think it's
too late everybody I'm absolutely
knackered we've had a fun day today
though we've had a really really good
day for you if there's anything in
particular that you have want me to
doing vlogs then let me know comment it
down below whatever you would like to
see me do I really really want to rent a
jet ski soon and go jet skiing there's
one other video two other videos
know quite a few other videos but two in
particular that I've got planned to do
them not going to tell you they're
absolutely crazy like ridiculous and
they're going to be so much fun and just
helping me sort one on the other one
I've got completely ready I just need to
pick the right day for it which could be
tomorrow it could be tomorrow - the
weather's nice there could be something
crazy happening tomorrow but it involves
outside that's all I'm going to say and
they set up properly so that we could
have a have a good chat because I just
want to I just want to take a moment to
thank you guys for everything
that everything you do for me whether
that's just watching these videos or
tweeting me or doing anything because it
really really brightens my day I didn't
even mean that to be a part because I
live in Brighton but it really like
brightens up my day and brings me up in
it really really makes me happy
in how many of you guys have got
watching me and when I walk around the
streets in a walk around town or I go
food shopping like I meet so many of you
every time I leave the house and it's so
lovely and so refreshing to just meet
such happy nice people all of the time
and I can only thank you for that
because because I can't I can't imagine
living a life being surrounded by like I
just can't picture it by like negative
people or people that don't believe in
me because I'm so lucky to have all of
you guys who watch these videos and
you're all so supportive of anything and
everything that I want to do in life so
if you haven't got the right people
around you you need to change that that
is one of the most important pieces of
advice or anything I can give you and
I'm very fortunate that my family or
friends are very very supportive what I
do and that includes all of you guys in
this as well because I count you guys as
my friends like I talked to you guys you
guys know more about me than my actual
friends I talk to you guys like every
single day all day and I don't get to do
that with a lot of my friends so I
definitely can't you guys as friends
even though that might seem lame or
weird I don't know and I hope that these
little vlogs in a way can brighten up
your day I hope that even if it improves
your day by this much just like a tiny
little bit that it can it can do
something to evoke an emotion of
happiness or inspiration or wanting to
go out there and do something I don't
really I don't know what these videos
might do for you but I hope that they
can in some way brighten your day in
return for you guys sending me so much
love and brighten my day all day every
day this YouTube thing is amazing and I
just want to enjoy every single minute
that we have together because I know
it's not gonna it's not gonna last
forever you guys won't be watching me
forever I'm not going to be silly
although it will be amazing when I'm
like 70 or 80 years old and I'm walking
down the street with my little walking
stick and everyone's calling me out for
off and then Alfie and I'm like oh like
a little old man
and then somebody walks up like an old
woman is like I remember you and I'm
like thank you so much for watching my
videos oh those 50 years
but that would be that would be crazy if
you ever see me when I'm really old
please say hello like I can just tell
it's gonna make the old me really really
happy anyways this
I'm just gibbering on now I joined to
stop for a minute take a minute out of
my day
I've minute out of your day to just say
thank you thank you for the loving sport
it means a lot to me I'm gonna go to bed
now guys I'm going to vlog thank you for
watching I hope you're having a lovely
day again like I said if you enjoyed
these videos you guys know what to do
you subscribe you thumbs up you'd all of
that like I say in every single video
just to remind you because it's a nice
thing but the thumbs up and that doesn't
it doesn't really do anything except um
show me that you've enjoyed the video so
if you have enjoyed it or you do ever
enjoy some of these videos please
remember to click thumbs up because so
many youtubers work so hard with their
videos every single day and just seeing
those little thumbs up it does make them
up here it gives them a little like yes
I enjoyed this piece of content I liked
this video good job so if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up and yeah I'll catch
you tomorrow guys good night good night
good night mr. Kings I know you can too
you ever in London we saw that place
yesterday on Instagram
