say good morning that's how I feel as
well good morning guys and welcome back
to another daily vlog how you doing hope
you're having a lovely day wherever you
are in the world whatever you're up to
whatever you're doing does that even
make sense
and even though I'm so tired today
admit you going to the gym this morning
at X and last night saying that well
let's meet at the office tomorrow at
10:00 a.m. the time is currently 9:25
and I'm still in bed
and I wanted to go to the gym this
morning gnarlie is currently summing up
exactly how I'm feeling right now
sleepy oh no oh oh oh oh oh
should we get up let's get up and make
today a productive one everybody know
that bark you know let's see what the
weather's like fingers crossed it's a
blue sky completely blue oh my gosh
that alone really makes me feel that
today is going to be a good day very
very good day right kneading my teeth
look at the color of this toothbrush
isn't that just pretty Brandon right the
comment that I always buy whenever I get
a new toothbrush is blue and white or
pink white don't know why just always
have Zoe will be a new toothbrush for a
holiday the other day got me green and
silver
hahaha yes to argument she knows that
she's not allowed to bite you so she has
to bite something else does that no one
else's dog do that that's mine she's
like me if you're gonna annoy me honey
you suck where's your toy what is that
Ziggy the min ago she was like fast
asleep
give me it
she's gonna run downstairs now that
doesn't like sit down sit sit down
Nullah down down No
eat it eat it eat it oh my god you
scratched my camera gregor mummy's head
where's he gone she gave you up no see
you later
bring in the cacti that Zoey bought me
to the office today super excited about
those I haven't driven my car in about
two weeks this is going to be so strange
I've missed driving more than you can
imagine
perfect parking check that out I mean in
Italy there is no other cars in hey look
what's in my car my basketball all
pumped up and everything we need to
cover a basketball soon guys huh I don't
know they've fallen over I think that's
still okay let's get them out and see
what they're like this one's cool it's
like a circle with a circle ah look at
that
the aim is to not break off that hot
eyed guy no I'm gonna forget to water it
well they you don't to watch cacti often
do yeh once a month or something okay
let's do once a week don't trust me I've
killed so many I don't the best of it
this one looks currently like a man
coming out with the monster climbing out
of that would you get some googly eyes
yeah oh man need to fill up my water
bottle there is so much exciting stuff
in this office that if I turn this
camera I don't even know if I just lead
to anything I think I might have to
restart this clip okay there is so much
exciting stuff in this office that if I
turn the camera around now I would leak
so many future things now I would spoil
with so many exciting moments that you
guys are going to have in the future
seeing new merchandise coming out
another piece of new merchandise coming
out new video ideas going out new day
like there is so much exciting stuff if
only you could turn around if you could
choose to turn around this camera now
comment down below
would you do it or would you let these
things be a surprise it just popped out
to grab some lunch pick up some picture
frames we've got some really really
exciting I was going to say pictures
it's kind of like artwork then just been
sorting out for the office which is the
front cover of my three books but like
professionally printed and framed to go
on the wall somehow we've ended up
looking at DJ equipment what's my name
Ange
DJ DJ days oh my gosh listen to this one
oh wow
well I don't
little minion oh I think I've broken up
yeah oh oh crap
let's leave that let's go out the shop
you guys know I've been looking to buy
an electric piano for ages four at home
here we go I didn't know this existed
amazing this is this is what I want
exactly like this I know I can't play on
alert this is to learn print photos here
seems like that place this is like the
best way he could route them we kind of
paid before looking identifies the smart
way of doing it
click reveal oh oh that's it that's so
cool I love it look at that that's
amazing they're so cool
that's sick whoo I feel ashamed telling
you this just bought myself two new
pairs of shoes but to make myself feel
better about it because I shouldn't be
by myself anymore shoes I bought Zoe
impaired that she's really really wanted
for ages so I don't feel as bad now
because I haven't just bought some for
me that's all I need to stop next time
I'm about to buy some stopped me somehow
look at this guy is checking my brand
new book club that's so cute
I won that she's even got a little
stickers on the works that's amazing so
as I was just filming all of his ohi's
book club which looks amazing one of the
women who works here at the rich myth
was Alfie can you sign some of the books
for us as she's pulled me into like a
secret backroom one of the managers
offices giving me a stack of all of my
books look all of this there's loads of
them and a sharpie and I'm going to sign
tons for you right now
have the little secret back there
Oh oh my god
she had a pug with that I want the
challah with me so much oh my gosh
anyways the reason the reason why we
gave in here in the first place wasn't
to look as sorry stuff wasn't sign of
the books although both of those were
positives and I left all my new shoes
Wow
I was weird it was because we were I
just swore me was because we were I
think I left my new shoes in there we
were sending a parcel and the post
office is in here so it's all good all
sent to Duke the new merchandise you
guys will see in the future we found any
book oh that's my new book you know when
to tell anyone
good was it good
five minutes piece I've never heard of
that oh this is a classic actually no I
do recognize the drawings
maybe I just couldn't read at that point
so I just knew the drawings and just
just walked me to a shop called digs
Oh thought I was going to get the
jackpot then nearly I'll let you get
your coins back if you get certain
one-sided money box look at the coins
you put in as well literally one penny
coins if you're not from the UK those
coins don't exist anymore
financial loss coin you got the luck oh
oh
kind of used to put the coins oh my gosh
there's heads down there that's the
scariest thing I've ever seen in my life
oh my gosh Hey
he or she literally couldn't care less
they're so tired sunbathing oh my gosh
living the life that's so sick look at
it this is what this is what we need
guys indoor fireworks let's get it just
bought the fireworks and I've also
purchased two misfortune cookies so
these have bad fortunes inside them
unlike the traditional good fortune
cookies or normally just fortune cookies
these are miss fortune cookies it bites
back I wanna see what we go yeah food on
by a seagull that is so good oh boy at
least you can serve as a bad role model
I love that the stars are in your favor
two light-years away yeah that's crap
mister the stars are in your favor two
light-years away oh thank you yeah hey
hey Dad the beach is so packed like the
actual beach
what everyone oh my gosh I wanted to the
public swimming costume she's in
swimming she's got the right idea
yes I love that right I haven't told you
guys what we're up to today I said
there's something exciting is coming and
this happening tonight it's not really
tonight it's more like now right this
minute and it's super exciting puppy and
sure and they're already at the
destination
I always over there as well and Kari is
my mom there I have no idea what my mum
is I'm gonna give her a call we're just
walking down now this is Rover coming
everybody I'll show you what it is
properly in a second mum's here now I
think the others boarding on through
mom you look so tanned I've been on
holiday oh yeah I know it's so time
compared to me this isn't fair
the whole squads here I think new time
we are we've got some this is this is
crazy okay we've come to a cinema on the
beach and we have like beds like actual
beds on the beach and the screen is over
there and today we're gonna watch Mean
Girls I'm sick as that are we going on
this runs I look at this we've got an
actual bed on the beach watching Mean
Girls but it's not on yet hasn't started
it starts in 20 minutes how excited this
is crazy we've got a bed on the beach
everyone's here got an chair Carrie here
Shawn here mum here poppy Holly might be
coming and be a mum Holly says all he
says is she gonna be your date it sounds
like a couple date I said yeah
yeah I'm trying to get her to come she
finishes where to fight and the film
starts at 5:00 she says she'll try thank
you so much amazing thank you but I know
one way no I don't want any we're just
chillin on the bed in the shade so that
when this is the worst angle me I've
ever seen I'm so glad when the shade so
much better than games and so on I don't
want to I don't want to complain only do
you because you've come back to bite it
and it's sunny this is like the rarest
in the world
I like there's a little bit more breathe
so nice just on the beach that's why the
king so you can turn you into in London
we saw that place yesterday on Instagram
mum's never seen me gasp for sure we
like it look at my son
yeah you know I wait too big for my head
we've got apple margarita cosmopolitan
and a mango daiquiri
Oh mango daiquiri that's my favorite
yeah the man used to America see thank
you so much love all thank you wow
that's like a slush puppy alcoholic
this is assumed in my canva stop zooming
in this is so amazing of course these
were also amazing oh I like your tea bro
that's cool I mean yeah it is
how's it going pop she like this have
you seen that look at your horn so not
sure we're not on the bouncy castle the
movie star Taylor the back builder was
just so crazy
think how are your cocktails meat coming
through tikka dose Spanish for what you
mean girls on the beach yeah said I
could have make it here tonight
Lucy's got work so annoying which means
that we've got one spare ticket so I'm
just invited Holly she's on her way now
she's just finished work
the film's already started yeah she's
coming down now hello friends are you
doing God give me a cuddle
the films currently on a little break so
that everybody can get drinks and snacks
and ice creams and canned I think and
just going to get us candy floss as well
how exciting is that
look at this girls t-shirt everybody I
love your t-shirt yeah
oh my gosh that is crazy
is that not yours how do you eat candy
floss oh I get it everywhere sure what
do you Dahlia on sure you run laughter
this weekend
should I get no don't have Sean's it
looks rang kind of a trouble you God
thank you so much thank you
this ice cream is from a basically
greedy goat I believe it is made for
your goat's milk
it's getting a little bit colder it's
only ivory but you know even in the
duvet we've stolen it sure have some
absolutely sure there's somebody on the
go and goes it's the white films over
wait for some eat they're sweeties and
put some on look at that
I'm so gay everyone laughing do you
enjoy that guys haha alright let's sleep
here tonight we're sleeping on the beach
come on
that I go under are you coming in
come in did you enjoy that Holly that
barn is that your fourth cocktail
Shah's Rockaway so look at your
boyfriend that I should see you later
bro
hey see you later
goodbye they all parked in the right
place I bought like a mile away the seas
come right out the source and in
Brighton
hey hey then hey the money back now to
get to my car because everybody else
parked right outside I parked in the car
part like my hair hey doing hey I parked
in the co-pay there's so many of you
guys out and around today hey in there
God um yeah man that was crazy getting
out there there was like so many of you
oh my gosh this would have been the best
evening ever to have my drone out and
about look at the blooming blue sky look
at this oh my gosh this is amazing I
need a wee so bad I don't even know why
I'm telling you that but I've got no one
else to tell I'm literally by myself and
I'm about to wet myself and I've got to
drive all the way home this I'm not
gonna balance my ticket in this little
bit here because remember last time when
I did that the other day and it sucked
my ticket in I'm not going to let that
happen again
just got home and I've got loads of
goodies so are you ready for your
present yeah hello NOLA you little bit
crazy where are you there you are you're
out I bought you a present
all right let me see which ones are
yours here you go I hope you like them
they're one size bigger than what you
are but in this shoe I wear one so it's
bigger oh let's see
very aren't they nice Diddy they thank
you I love them try them on I'll show
you guys what I bought
let's OEC as well oh yeah and I bought
us something else that I thought we have
to get some indoor fireworks
so my shoes number one ultra boosts in
black
nice do you like them yeah very nice
evanesce I'm not sure about these ones
well they're a statement statement maker
do you like them
I mean I'm not like as into trainers as
you but they are pretty cool right they
very light yeah they're more like the
sock shape I really like them let lift
up your skirt a little bit just you can
see them what do you think that's all do
you like them I love the colors he wants
my nmds tell you that much anyway Robin
now you need something to slightly beat
your socks you'll get used to them yeah
gorgeous you got some nmds yeah we've
just got into bed or onto the bed it
kind of looks like we're still look at
that looks like we're still on the beach
nothing's changed we're watching another
film we haven't had dinner yet
oh no we have had dinner that's what I
mean this is so weird cuz we ate it like
five yeah for us to eat dinner I'm
soaking it feels at 6 p.m. to me you
know when I was in school I used to eat
my dinner when I got home from school no
you did it yeah I did a lot half 3ic
duty as I did at 4:00 what do you I
would cook i wouldI dinner at 6:00 or
7:00 every day when I was at school but
if you eat at like yeah I was always and
then I research it in your after
all bad yeah I used to love a good
bowler sir nighty-night Queen nighttime
oh my gosh doing I don't know why I
bother Coco class why are you stroking
my chin why do I look so small right now
you are small or you think of that
Twitter picture that we saw earlier of
my Armin don't laugh oh there's a
picture Rizzo Twitter earlier Zoe's arm
looked about 82 long long I just hey
what's the time guess what the time is
Aldi actually no no I have a guess nine
three minutes to nine oh my god should
we get mr. Elango mama should we get a
second dinner oh is that bad we're also
watching is this shallow how shallow how
which every time somebody mentioned I
haven't seen that film and I have it's
the one where when it's a black oh my
god you knew an actor's name yeah and
who Gweneth Paltrow aesthetic I never
would have learned that one I'm the
worst which celebrities names and but
Jap lack he meets a girl meets a girl
who is he basically only finds very
stereotypically skinny blond girls
attractive and somebody kind of like
somebody a guy in the left puts a curse
on him to find anybody attractive so
everybody looks like his kind of ideal
girl so there is a woman who is
overweight to he normally wouldn't speak
to I don't want to ruin the film can't
seem to go check it out
woman who's overweight and he kind of
like starts talking to her because when
he sees her cuz he's had spell cast on
him she's not overweight to him look and
stuff like that to him matters that
shouldn't matter that should not matter
to anybody but it's got a really good
man I don't like it oh yes an amazing
message if you ever see fell in love
with her I'm not actually her parents
exactly that's the point of it and I
love it I look at them now anyways we're
gonna watch this we might order a second
dinner that could be a little bit
naughty and I've got this little one
with us he's fast
the issue bataya dungey stop farting oh
yeah you stop stop little tin whistle
toots thank you so much
here's my left the tip - Raph okay thank
you no stop stop no no no comment in
about this absolute nest of a hair that
is going on on my head at the moment we
did it everybody we kind of ordered a
wagon on this takeaway it's just too
tempting like watching a movie look at
this bit of hair watching a movie or a
film on the beach so early like it
started at 5:00 p.m. no new fun watch a
film in the evening or watch it like
8:00 or 9:00 p.m. I don't know maybe
it's just me and I'm just hungry and my
hair's just crazy the perfect late night
snack vegetable katsu curry though he's
got katsu curry I stole half of her guys
as I hope you don't mind I didn't order
any no they look so good so I kind of
put two of the four my play who's eaten
the other two Collins la meilleure you
let not any two chocolates just in case
oh my gosh so cute on you just can't see
it
see also we're about to watch a program
are we all watching a program happens
and Alfie picks watching a program
called Alaska monsters and they're
currently hunting for big fur it's not
just big fur though is it was it gold um
it's the biggest Bigfoot I don't even
know like thunder fur or something yeah
it's time to end my vlog everybody thank
you so much for following me around
today and joining me with this video on
this video whatever
I'm so tired and probably not even
making sense I hope you've enjoyed it if
you enjoyed the video go down below
smash that thumbs up button guys give it
a like down below subscribe if you
haven't already and I'll catch you
tomorrow
good night
