today we are reading fanfiction I've
just signed up to what pad don't even
know what apparently it's the place to
be I haven't been just made an account
now did it under a fake name as well
because I didn't one didn't want any
weird I was finding out that I got a
Wattpad account
anyways I've just searched the word
pointlessblog on Wattpad there's 1800
stories one thousand eight one thousand
eight hundred stories about me this one
here called the third sug zoella /
Dallas on fire a book one the third sug
and I'm in it 600,000 reads 600,000
people have read it wake up little one
zowie 120,000 I love you more as Alfie
131,000 adopted by Southie 155,000 why
so many two hundred thousand five
hundred and fifty to love at last a
Southie novel seven hundred and twenty
two thousand we're gonna have to read it
wow it's all that southies point Alfie's
point of view Zoey's point of view I
can't do that I want something sure I
want something short but sweet filters
include mature what are you guys writing
let's sit back and have a read they're
all about being adopted by Zhao fee is
that even a thing I didn't even realize
they've been adopted by me and Zoey
would be a thing the day's family sequel
to adopted by Southie there we go
the city Joe sugg slash thatcherjoe
fanfiction 2.6 million reads 2.6 million
I'm just going to try reading a couple
of bits from all different ones just see
what they're like I genuinely don't know
what a fanfiction is like like I've been
links really rude sexual ones before
read like a paragraph and been like I
want to go and get in the shower I feel
dirty so hopefully these ones aren't
like that
chapter one by page malice jealousy a
pointless blog fanfic this one's got
17,000 reads I threw my hair up into a
messy ponytail and by the way I'm not
very good at reading I should have
probably pre warned you before watching
the video I'm not very good at reading I
threw my hair up into a
see ponytail I feel like I should have
got somebody's act these out whilst I'm
reading at that would be so good and
looked out of the window it was still
early in the morning and the Sun was
only just coming up over the trees of
the university I was involved out my
room was second from the top and from
the window I had a clear view of a large
grassy quad and the student car park
about 100 meters away I sighed and
pushed open the glass the cool European
air hit my body as I shuddered even
under my large back large back large
black jumper
I could easily feel the weather I wasn't
used to as I turn back to the room my
eyes paused momentarily on the empty
half that was to be occupied later by a
roommate by my new roommate I slid
across the floor
you slid across the floor and stopped by
the window
what do you mean watching light on a
penguin on your stomach you slid across
this floor and stopped the wardrobe
throw it open the light wood doors to
inspect my belongings I found my black
skirt and stumbled around the room this
is cool ok wait let's get to the next
paragraph Alfie deyes I sighed as I made
him over to the bed I've been informed
of some some basic information on my
roommate with your clued in his name and
the fact that it was a guy so I've been
memorizing his name for the past three
days there was some shouting from the
carpark the even I could hear so I went
over to the window to look a car pulled
up and three guys were standing around
with boxes one 1/4 grabbed another box
on the back seat they were noisy as they
made their way across the quad and I had
suspicions that one of them was my
roommate see this seems like just a
really well-written book I thought a lot
of them were like some like really
intense romance Alfie chuckled and shook
his head seriously what do you do I
laughed you went back to the bed and
held up a small yellow pillow that had
subscribe written corset in bold black I
have a pillow that says subscribe
your youtuber I said continue reading
with the next part it was about three
hours later that they finally got the
drawing computer set up I was sitting on
my bed staring at the thing completely
gobsmacked while they were setting up I
which least one of their videos and was
starting to feel a little star-struck
around these boys they were known
worldwide and I suddenly feel awkward
because I had no idea don't worry about
it
Jack laughed when he'd come back truth
was I was worrying a lot this is so cute
this just seems really innocent and I
get right let's go to another one let's
go with okay adopt by zoella and
pointlessblog read i'm hallie riding
you'll probably want to know stuff about
me huh well I was born and I'm living in
London I live a little this is like
again this is just like a proper book
this is some of you guys should be right
like this is going to get you into
proper writing novels this is sick I to
go to an orphanage because my mum and
dad had no brothers or sisters that do
I'm not only now there's not another
condition look off for me so here I am
it's okay I guess accept the fact
everyone here is like more than three
years younger than me
literally I'm 13 and everyone here is
like 10 the only things I have to keep
me company in my laptop my phone and my
makeup I play with my makeup for hours I
also love watching YouTube then then
bird I have many favorite youtubers but
my all-time favorites
zoella and pointlessblog I love them so
very much it's kind of depressing how
much I'm never going to meet them in my
eyes them in the world me but in their
eyes I'm just another fan will she ever
get to meet her idols find out in the
next chapter of adopted buzzerella and
pointless blog this is so cool do you
guys read this kind of stuff and they
get excited for the next chapter
I really hope you're all that supportive
of each other and then you read it and
you're like yes can't wait for the next
Ron Conway and then they upload the net
oh my god this is sick English teachers
should be marking you guys when you're
Wattpad stories literally some of these
some of these have like a million a
million views like surely that deserves
like an a star in English
surely no Southie Watty Awards winner
2013 3.2 million breeds 3.2 million I
don't even
I shall I read the bio shall I just read
the buyer for this one and let
we know in the comments oh my gosh
imagine if Zoey and I a sixty part story
imagine like you know some YouTube has
read books on YouTube imagine if I got
in touch with this gal and I said hey do
you mind if I read all of your bad
picture like as I read in like each each
video or sit down and just read you the
story with Zoey and that will be like an
effort that'd be sick imagine that in a
video again what your Ward's winner of
YouTube celebrities in fan fiction oh my
gosh 2013 Zoey second a few days are
just two teenagers are falling in love
with the Internet and each other that
seems pretty real both have become
successful on a well-known so I called
YouTube and a considered internet famous
by many wanted to have some privacy
under the curious gaze of their millions
and subscribers so enough we find it
hard to hear their little secret
undiscovered one slip up from their
fellow friend Jim Chapman as all hell
breaks loose as viewers find out the
truth behind the harmless yet truthful
ship hashtag zoffie this is literally
featuring zoe sugg alfie deyes marks
about a know me smart Josiah Casper
leave my name's Tracy ugly Roy Hart and
down how Phil Lester fun foolery Tyler
Oakley twist around Jim Chapman kind of
a jack and fin and more based on a true
story and tour events will be included
VidCon etc I kind of want to read them
is it weird that I kind of want to sit
here even off-camera and just read that
story that's got 50,000 votes and 3.2
million reads okay let me know if you
want me to actually like sit down and
read a sappy fanfiction like a book just
sit here and do a reading with Zoey or
by myself or like we can we can just
make it funny I'm going to end the video
here guys I hope you enjoyed it if you
have give it a bigger thumbs up let me
know give the video a thumbs up if you
want to see some more of me like
properly sitting down and reading stuff
I don't even know these videos are
normally daily vlog so now I'm sitting
here reading stories about my own love
life that other people have written and
millions and millions people have read
these stories the world is a scary crazy
funny place everybody I love it so much
I will see you tomorrow with a new video
good you have known up today hope you're
having a lovely day I'll catch each my
goodbye letter baby bear baby bait
