hey guys and welcome to another video
that is not a daily blog so a couple of
days ago I was planning out these videos
and I went online and I saw some really
really weird gym equipment like it's
actually meant to make you like fit I
give you a six pack give you big muscles
all of the stuff that I don't have that
I wish I had so I ordered some of them
and today we're gonna test our whether
these items actually work or whether
they're a load of crap
because I think I might waste the money
they look pretty damn weird item number
five is literally there's it's like a
circle with a ball in the middle I have
no idea like what he meant to do at all
so don't you worry I've just got up on
YouTube and video of a woman that's
going to show me how to use that yeah
power spin workout 6 minute workout here
we go tighten and tomotommy all it's
gonna help at my bra I'm gonna put this
down we're gonna copy illuminator you
doing now how are they doing this
this is big crap I have no idea what I'm
doing you know what is this even doing
Jordi this is not doing anything yeah
one more round
come on here we go all the way up to the
top now what is this even doing this is
I'm just in the next item that I bought
it's even more ridiculous than the first
one massage figure twister this is like
a twisting device the massages your
figure helps to slim thighs waist and
hips compact and light easily stored
literally don't even know what this is
is that it
and the hell does that slim waist
it looks like the glass dish in the myth
of your microwave that spins
instructions bend your knees and arms as
shown turn your body from side to side
keep keeping your arms in outer stretch
bend position to help keep your balance
move your arms in a figure eight twist
your arms bend your turn your body raise
your arms or hands to help lift I'm
going to set up this little camera down
here down by my feet so that you can see
what's going on okay
this is called a body sculpture since
1965 they've been making this thing but
I'm a neck
Oh Oh don't know what happened to do it
get up spin it all the way round oh I
think I've got stitch you're this is
little ballet but I don't know how I was
meant to turn my waist feel a little bit
sick more this spinning here we go
bending your knees and arms as much as
shown turn your body from sites I keep
in your arms and outstretched better
position to help you to keep your
balance quite bloody weird oh but the
hell is this what is this victim I give
up you are not ready for this I'm not
ready for this this is this is the leg
master power
apparently you see leg master power
we're going to come back over to the
little camera again I have no idea what
I'm doing with this one oh crap of what
to build it all the one positive thing
with this one is that you have to
physically build it that will give me
big muscles so give me some time to
build it and I'll see you in a second
why set a second it's gonna be like 20
minutes I don't know how this is gonna
work
yeah I don't like that
I just persuaded me to try the thicker
ones I don't think let's mutually agree
that the first item I mean it was pretty
damn weird it had some like boom
mechanism in it and you like shake it in
some but I could feel it on my arms like
it did take my arms if I was gonna do it
for a long period of time like I was
gonna eat my dinner actually I won't
have to eat dinner because they're not
have to use my hands if I was gonna
watch a film or watch the TV series or
something and do that like shaken thing
at the same time or like some whatever I
was doing I think it would work a little
better
the other two one of them was just like
some like DJ scratching deck that you
stand on and you're spinning around like
a ballerina the other one I don't even
know what that word even was that like
some I don't know if you enjoyed the
video give it a big ol thumbs up if
there's anything else you want me to try
out let me know below in the comments
and I'll try something out that was
trying three really weird pieces of gym
equipment I mean I'm sure Marcus party
would love them all that's what I'm
gonna do I'm gonna send them in the post
to Marcus and hopefully he'll enjoy them
and he can show you how he uses them in
a video I will get you tomorrow the new
video I'll see you then good bye
